BDSM Library - A Week Away




A Week Away
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A game gone wrong!  Billy loved to be tied up, and his sister Christy soon learned that she loved to do the tying.  When their mother goes away for a week however things get out of hand as Christy kicks up the game to new levels.  Bondage and Foot Fetish run rampant as Billy is held captive by his sister, friends and neighbors for a week of torture that will not end.A Week Away  
PRELUDE:  
It was a typical summer day; the sun was blazing and it was saltry and humid,
  whispering of approaching storms in the surrounding hills. I was just out of
  school for summer vacation, as was my sister, Christy, and as usual we were
  both trying to finish up our chores around the house so that we could go out
  and enjoy the sun like typical kids on a typical summer day.  
We lived in a small community of about 15,000 people with our mother, Janice,
  a nurse and administrator in the Psychology Department at the local county
  hospital. She was at work that first day of summer, and it fell on Christy
  and I to do the housework; laundry, cooking, cleaning, etc. as it did most
  of the time. Our mother put in long, hard hours at the hospital, and sometimes
  we didn't see her for days on end as she often came home late and left again
  early. Our father had died when I was five and Christy was eight, just over
  ten years before, and though his insurance had left us with a modest income
  and had paid off the house, mom still found it hard to make ends meet with
  three mouths to feed. So she went back to school for a year to get her degrees
  that she had abandoned to get married and registered as a Nurse of Psychology,
  easily getting a good job at the Community Memorial Hospital to supplement
  our income.  
Christy and I were still in school, though she would be a senior her next
  year, and I would just be starting high school as a freshman. She was gearing
  up for college already, and seemed a shoe-in for any scholarships she wanted.
  Christy was a brain; always in the top 5% of her class, rarely getting a "B" on
  any report card, while I seemed to struggle in every class I took. Teachers
  constantly reminded me about how smart or talented she was, and asked me "Why
  couldn't I be more like her?" She was on the Honor Roll, and president of several
  clubs, though the only club that sparked my interest was the Art Club as I
  had a bit of drawing talent.  
Christy was popular and beautiful of course, as well as smart. She was a
  Varsity cheerleader, in the "Upper Track", and clique as they say. I on the
  other hand barely had any friends. Where she was tall and shapely, I was short
  and thin, slender actually. She was both taller than I was, and she weighed
  more but it was in all the right places if you know what I mean. Her hair was
  long and golden brown- mine was shoulder-length and choppy dish-watered dull.
  Her skin was bronzed from the West Coast sun, while mine remained a pasty pale
  white, burning whenever I got too much sun. People who saw us together could
  not believe that we were siblings, and I admit, there were times when I had
  my own doubts. I was a geeky, average kid that just didn't seem to fit in outside
  of my own household.  
Still, life at home wasn't so bad. I got on well with my mother and sister,
  and I know that they loved me, though at times I felt that my sister, being
  the eldest, was a little more favored than I was. All children feel that at
  times, I suppose, and not having a father probably made a difference. Some
  people thought that I was more than a little effeminate. Most times it didn't
  bother me. Most times&hellip;  
Aside from the usual sibling rivalries though, Christy and I had a typical
  relationship, at least on the outside. There was one major difference in our
  home life that was not so typical and I have to admit that most people, our
  best friends and family included, would never understand. You see, my sister
  and I both loved bondage&hellip;  
When I say that I know that the first thing that pops into most people's
  minds is whips and chains and a lot of shiny leather. That is not the case,
  and excuse me for a moment as I get up on my soapbox. When I say bondage, what
  I mean is being tied up and helpless, being bound with ropes or duct tape or
  whatever. Sometimes it could be chains, but not in the way most people think.
  My sister and I both found out at an early age that it excited us to see people
  tied up on television or in the comic books or in stories and novels. I don't
  know what it is, and I doubt Christy did either at the time, but the idea-
  at least for me- of being tied up, gagged and helpless while someone paraded
  around free to do whatever they wanted excited me no end. That someone being
  a girl or woman made it even better for me. I found out later that it was different
  for Christy, but I'll get to that-  
I think it was probably the old Batman television show from the Sixties that
  was the catalyst, really pushed us over the edge. We were both too young to
  see the original run of course, but Mom had watched it when she was growing
  up and had suggested it to us one night when she saw it listed on Nickelodeon.
  Christy was dubious at first, but being a boy and into comic books I was all
  for it. I remember that first night with crystal clarity, the three of us sitting
  around the television watching as Catwoman tied up Batgirl with catgut rope
  and actually leaning forward as the captured girl squirmed and writhed on the
  lawn, finally starting up the sprinkler system so that the constricting line
  would loosen and she could escape. I was on the edge of my seat, and glancing
  at Christy I saw that she was watching with rapt attention, licking her lips
  and almost breathless. We were hooked from that moment on, the both of us.  
Needless to say we became fans and neither of us missed an episode after
  that first. We went on to see if there were other like shows, and occasionally
  there were, but nothing to the extreme that Batman went. For a long while it
  was a bit of a joke as we both casually tried to find shows with bondage. We
  would make jokes about it, laughing at whoever got tied and at how stupid they
  were not to get out of the flimsy bondage that TV portrayed.  
It was Christy who finally said something like "I could get out of that,
  so easy!" She looked at me and I smiled, knowing an invitation when I saw one.
  That was the first time I got to tie up my sister.  
I tied her as closely as I could to what we had just seen on TV; hands bound
  at the wrists behind her back, sitting in a chair, another cord about her ankles
  and the chair legs. There was a gag too, which I used a scarf tied loosely
  about her head. When I thought I had her secured well enough I glanced at the
  clock and said 'done', then sat back in my chair to watch her try to get free.  
There is nothing at all incestuous about our relationship, but I have to
  admit sitting there watching as my sister squirmed in her bonds, moaning through
  her gag and breathing hard that I was getting excited. As I said, my sister
  is gorgeous- always has been- and seeing her there like that, well, she looked
  hot. I tried to ignore that she was my sister, but that made it all the worse.
  I couldn't take my eyes off of her as she struggled and found my eyes focusing
  on her heaving breasts, then drifting down her long, tan legs and finally watching
  her feet. She was wearing thongs, and I could see that even her toes were wiggling
  as she tried to get free.  
I was staring at her feet when suddenly her hands shot down into my line
  of sight. I looked up and saw that her hands were free and she had already
  pulled the gag down about her neck as she deftly picked at the knots on the
  rope about her ankles. She looked up at me with a wide grin as she unloosed
  the cord from her legs and quickly stood. I glanced at the clock and saw that
  it hadn't even been ten minutes.  
"Your turn," she sang, dangling the rope in her hand before me and I sighed,
  defeated and excited as well. It was my turn-  
I sat in the chair the same as Christy and with a giggle she moved around
  behind me and started to apply the ropes. I learned then and there that my
  sister was far better at tying knots than I would ever be as she wrapped and
  rewrapped the rope around my crossed wrists. She jerked hard as she came to
  the end of the nylon cord and I actually winced as it bit into my skin. She
  knotted the line again and again, placing the knots far and away from my groping
  fingers before she moved around in front of me and squatted down at my feet.
  She was sweating from her exertions, and I saw a stain between her then small
  breasts on her tight shirt. I could feel her undoing the laces of my shoes,
  pulling them off and then my socks. She said I'd appreciate the rope better
  on my bare skin and I figured she was right. Christy started wrapping the second
  line about my ankles, criss-crossing it again every few loops. To finish though,
  unlike me she did not tie my ankles off to the front chair leg but rather looped
  the tail of the rope about the brace between the legs and jerked my feet back
  until my toes were off of the floor knotting them tightly in place.  
She stood up then and brushed her hair back behind her ears as she looked
  down at me. I was already squirming, but she said that she wasn't quite finished.
  She picked up another long bit of rope and started tying it about my stomach
  and intertwining it within the struts on the ladderback chair. Every turn she
  tugged tight, forcing me back against the chair until she finally knotted that
  line into the bondage at my wrists. I had not done that to her, and when I
  called her on it she simply shrugged.  
"Maybe you should have," she laughed as she bent over and picked up one of
  my dirty, smelly socks. She grinned wickedly. "Open up," she said and my eyes
  went wide in shock. Surely she wasn't going to put that in my mouth-  
"No-" I said and she quickly rammed the balled up sock home. She held the
  palm of her hand flat over my lips and face as she gathered the scarf I had
  used and started to wrap it about my head. She got three turns about me, each
  one tighter and tighter forcing my lips apart and holding the foul packing
  deeper within. Finally she knotted that off and patted my cheek.  
"There we go," she smiled as she glanced at the clock and stood back in front
  of me, hands on her hips. "Now get out of that," she said and sauntered over
  to the sofa and plopped down. I started my struggles-  
We both learned then and there that Christy liked to be the tier more than
  the tie-ee where I was the opposite. She definitely had a dominant streak and
  loved to have me at her mercy. She loved to watch me squirming in her bondage,
  and I loved that she was free to move about while I was helpless. That was
  the biggest turn on for me. We discovered too that day that I had a huge foot
  fetish. Even tied up and struggling my gaze kept drifting back to my sister's
  feet. She caught on right away I guess, as she started to tease me with her
  feet. She crossed her legs as she sat, one over the other and started to kick
  her foot, dangling her flip-flop and slapping the rubber against the sole of
  her foot. She would stretch out her long, dark legs and rest them on the coffee
  table, crossing them at the ankles and twirling her foot. She would fold them
  up and prop them on the table's edge, scrunching her toes or simply plant them
  on the floor and slide her feet in and out of her thongs. It drove me wild,
  and I could see her stealing glances at me at first. Eventually she simply
  slipped one leg beneath her and sat angled towards me, raising and lowering
  her leg and flexing her toes making the rubber slap her sole as she twirled
  her foot. She grinned throughout, knowing that she was driving me wild somehow
  and worse, distracting me.  
Ten minutes quickly passed, and then another ten and I was still as tightly
  bound as when I had started struggling. Christy laughed, finally uncoiling
  and strolling up to me. She stood towering- sort of- before me, hands on her
  hips and smiling in triumph.  
"Well, I guess we know who's better at this," she mocked and I grunted into
  my gag, nodding my head. I figured that she was going to release me as she
  moved around behind the chair. My eyes went wide as she pulled the knots at
  my wrists even tighter. I moaned into my gag and craned my head, trying to
  see her behind me. She was already at the doorway, pausing for a final look-  
"Mom won't be home for at least five hours, Billy," she said and I glanced
  at the clock. She was right, if Mom got off on time that was, which she rarely
  did. "I figure you ought'a be able to get out of that by then. I'm gonna get
  some lunch, then grab a nap. Have fun."  
I screamed into my gag as my sister strolled off. I could hear the sound
  of her flip-flops on the hardwood floor receding in the distance, then her
  moving about in the kitchen for awhile. After that there was silence. I struggled
  and struggled at my bonds but five hours later when Christy returned to set
  me free I was no closer to escape than I had been when she had left me.  
We talked about the whole thing that night, whispering on her bed in her
  room with the lights out with Mom asleep just a few yards down the hall in
  her own room. We decided that it was a fun safe game for the two of us to play
  so long as we didn't get carried away or try anything too extreme. The tie-er
  would never leave the captive totally alone in the house, or tie them in any
  life threatening positions, things like that. Christy decided that she wanted
  to do most of the tying, and that was more than fine by me. She had really
  enjoyed having me at her mercy most of the day, and I had enjoyed it too.  
She asked me about her feet as well and I admitted that the way she kicked
  her legs and twirled her ankles had been driving me crazy. She had smiled at
  that, and said that she had no problem adding that little torture to our games.
  I readily agreed!  
So it started. Over the next few years we took advantage of every opportunity
  we had to tie one another up, which was actually quite a bit as Mom worked
  odd hours and we were both LatchKey Kids. As I said it was usually Christy
  doing the tying, but every once in awhile she asked me to tie her up to try
  some new position that we had seen on TV or in a comic book. For the most part
  it was me on the receiving end however, and if Christy had started out great
  at tying me, she only got better.  
I was lashed to chairs in various ways. I was bound hand and foot on the
  floor with her simply walking about me free, her feet falling just inches from
  my face and actually stepping over me at times. She tied me to the thick support
  column in our basement, sometimes standing head to toe, sometimes sitting with
  my legs stretched out before me. She quickly learned the art of the hog-tie,
  and the ball tie and too many times had me wrapped up too tight to move a muscle
  let alone try and get free. She tied me spread eagle to my bed and hers a time
  or two, but we both found that pretty boring as my movements were too limited
  for her and I could not see her feet, which was becoming a major turn on as
  I grew older. She did like the way my penis stood up at attention when I was
  bound flat on my back, and a couple times she actually flicked it, giggling
  as I writhed in pain.  
It was just last month that she started to take things a bit further.  
She had me trussed up in a hog tie on the floor of her room while she lay
  on her bed finishing up her homework. I was squirming about on the hardwood
  floor, a throw rug bunching up beneath me as I wiggled about and moaning into
  my gag in mock discomfort when I heard her book slam shut and suddenly her
  feet slipped to the floor right in front of my face.  
She was wearing leather sandals that strapped over her foot just behind her
  toes and again about her ankle. They were dark and well worn with big gold
  buckles and thick crepe soles. They were filthy, and close as they were to
  my face I could smell the old leather and the scent of my sister's feet. I
  stared as she wiggled her toes, almost mesmerized by the dazzling pink polish
  as she slid her feet closer to my face. I glanced up, my erection growing beneath
  me and saw her wicked smile as she bent low and started to undo the knot of
  my gag behind my head. She pulled the old scarf free and waited until I had
  pushed the packing (one of her socks) out of my mouth, licking my lips and
  working my jaw. She slid her foot forward right under my face-  
"Lick!" was all that she said, and when I looked up again I saw a hard, stern
  look on her face. She meant it, and there was nothing I could do but comply.
  I leaned in and started licking her foot. I licked at the worn leather and
  the shining buckles. I licked about and under the straps. I licked the edges
  of the sole, and the very bottom when she raised her foot, crossing her legs.
  When she was satisfied with the sandal she told me not to ignore her foot and
  I started running my tongue over her soft skin. It tasted salty and tangy,
  and every now and then I got a mouthful of dirt and grime but I did not care.
  I was in heaven. I licked under her toes and slid my tongue under her foot,
  moaning as she laughed and pressed down with her weight. I licked at her heel
  and sucked on her toes for a long time, then started it all over again with
  the other foot.  
I heard her moan occasionally, and she would pull away too, teasing me as
  she denied me her feet. She wanted it though, maybe as much as me and kept
  coming back for more. I heard her gasping eventually, and when I glanced up
  I saw that she was laying back on her bed and all that I could see were her
  legs hanging over the edge. Her breathing and moaning increased, and I licked
  all the harder. I wanted to make her happy, and knowing what she was up to,
  I wanted to do all that I could for her as she had made my dreams come true
  as well. I was bound on the floor and licking her feet- what I had dreamed
  of so often. I licked and nibbled at her toes and her moans quickly turned
  to breathless screams!  
Finally I sensed her shudder and her moaning and screaming stopped, turned
  to soft whimpers. Her breathing slowed and the bed had settled again. I kept
  licking but slowly now, softly as she came back down to earth. Finally she
  pulled her foot away from my mouth and out of reach. She placed it on my head
  and pressed down until my cheek was mashed against the floor. She just kept
  me that way for awhile, resting both feet on my head and face as she recovered
  from her orgasm. I closed my eyes&hellip;  
I woke to the gentle tapping of my sister's foot on my face. I looked up
  and saw her smiling down at me sweetly. She held something balled up in her
  fist, and when she told me to open up I did so without a second thought. She
  stuffed her damp, soiled panties into my mouth and quickly replaced my gag
  before I could realize what they were and spit them out. I gagged and sneered
  for a moment, to which she giggled, but then I accepted my fate and looked
  up at her again. She looked beautiful as she stood dressed in her sandals,
  shorts and a tight tee shirt. She leaned forward, putting her hands on her
  knees and her hair cascaded about her shoulders-  
"Are you all right," she asked and I nodded.  
"Do you want me to untie you?" I shook my head and she straightened.  
"Good," she said and stepped right over me and out of the room.  
I lay there for awhile and struggled at my bonds but got nowhere near free.
  She returned in a few minutes with a sandwich and soda and quickly sprawled
  on the bed again. I watched her as she watched television, ignoring me but
  for the leg that she dangled over the side of the bed. Every time I sniffed
  about her foot or got too close she would pick it up and out of reach causing
  me to whimper. She tortured me like that for quite awhile before she finally
  untied me.  
I was never really sure if our mother knew what we were up to or not. I know
  that she was happy that we always seemed to be getting along. In that respect
  we were unlike most siblings, but I loved and respected my sister for what
  she did to me, for me, and I would have done anything for her. God I had licked
  her feet clean. What was left?  
Mother never said a word, never asked a single question even though there
  were a number of times that we had cut the bondage a bit close and were almost
  caught&hellip;  
Once Christy had me hog-tied really tight on the throw rug on the living
  room floor. I was struggling happily and she had her feet stretched out and
  crossed at the ankles resting between my shoulder blades while she read a book
  for school. We both looked up and gasped in a panic when we saw the headlights
  of Mom's car flash across the wall. She was home almost two hours early!  
Christy jumped to her feet and ran to the window, reaffirming that it was
  Mom. I screamed into my gag and rolled around on the floor wanting her to untie
  me-  
"No time," she said, running forward and grabbing the edge of the throw rug.
  With an effort she heaved and dragged me across the floor towards the closet.
  I screamed into my gag and shook my head but she just told me to be quiet as
  she opened the closet door. She drug me into the dark hall closet as far as
  she could then stepped over me and out again and began shoving me in deeper
  with her foot. Finally satisfied she told me to keep quiet again and shut the
  door.  
I was heaving, gasping for breath in a panic as I heard the front door open
  and close. I heard my mother and sister making small talk; how was your day,
  how was yours, what did you do, where's Billy? My eyes went wide as I held
  my breath-  
"He's in bed," Christy said not missing a beat. "He wasn't feeling well."  
"Oh," Mom responded, "maybe I should check on him."  
"Just a cold I think," Christy said, "and a slight fever. I gave him some
  aspirin. He's asleep&hellip;"  
"Okay," Mom said, her voice fainter now, moving away. "I'll let him sleep
  then&hellip;"  
I didn't hear the rest. It was well after three in the morning when Christy
  finally came back down to release me. She said she was sorry, she had fallen
  asleep waiting for Mom to do the same. I moaned, as I had been in the hog-tie
  for better than twelve hours that night. Christy actually had to help me get
  up the stairs and into bed&hellip;  
Another time I guess Christy was feeling really bold. She had me tied up
  in the basement, standing at attention, my back against the support column.
  She had tied my arms behind the column and wrapped ropes around my body at
  my ankles, knees, waist and neck. I could not move a muscle but she completed
  the bondage by gagging me with her panties again and then wrapping another
  rope about my face and behind the pole, spreading my lips as well as locking
  my head into place.  
The cellar was a dirty, grimy place and we all hated it. The washer and dryer
  were down there as well as shelves and tools and boxes of things that we stored
  like the Christmas decorations and old clothes and such. There was an old weight
  bench that had belonged to our father that I had been tied to more than once,
  and a treadmill that Christy had locked me to before and told me to run as
  she had lashed away at my butt with a ruler. I had had my shorts on, and it
  had not really hurt but it had been a thrill and a half for me.  
There were mice in the basement too. Christy had used to scare me with stories
  of rats but I had never really believed- not truly. That day though I saw them,
  two of them. They scrabbled out of a hole in the wall and reared up looking
  at me in curiosity. I writhed and thrashed in my bonds but they just stared,
  rolling their eyes and twitching their whiskers. They ignored me after a bit
  and finally dashed back to safety when Christy came padding downstairs to check
  on me. I sagged to see her, and she just smiled as she circled me, checking
  my bonds.  
Christy checked on me a few times that day as it was really hot. I had not
  realized really at the time, but I was almost naked that day too as she had
  convinced me to strip down to my Speedo before she had tied me up in the hot
  and humid cellar. She came down and spritzed me with water a few times, gave
  me a drink on occasion, but I was bound and gagged, and tied to the pole for
  the better part of the day, almost fifteen hours before she finally released
  me.  
Throughout I could here her moving around upstairs, her feet padding on the
  floor over my head. That really excited me and made my bondage bearable. It
  excited me even more, but worried me as well when it got late and I suddenly
  heard another pair of feet moving around upstairs. It was our mother I knew,
  home from work and I wondered what Christy had told her this time to explain
  my absence.  
I could hear my Mom's heels clacking on the hardwood floor overhead as she
  walked and felt myself getting hard. Add to that my sister's softer footfalls
  and I was in heaven. I had two women moving about freely while I was bound,
  gagged and helpless in the basement. It went on for awhile as I squirmed, listening,
  occasionally hearing one of them but not able to make out what they said. It
  was great!  
Christy came down late again and released me, apologizing, saying she had
  lost track of the time. I knew that she was lying, and as soon as I was free
  I dropped to my knees and started kissing her feet, thanking her. She giggled
  and ordered me up to my room, slapping my ass as I ran up the stairs and snuck
  up into the house still in my Speedos. It was exciting as hell!  
Which brings me up to date&hellip;  
SUNDAY:  
Christy and I were finishing our chores, a typical, hot summer's day like
  I said. I was in the kitchen, just finishing up the breakfast dishes, the last
  of my daily jobs when Mom was at work. Christy had fallen behind in her chores
  and was just starting the vacuuming, and still had to do the laundry. It was
  her own fault, as usual. While I had started my jobs early, while she had been
  watching a silly morning talk show that spoke on different topics every day.
  That day's program was on Bondage and Dominance, and I could understand Christy's
  fascination with the show at the time, and the topic intrigued me more than
  a little, but I wanted to get my work done. It was her time though, so if she
  wanted to fritter it away watching television, that was her business.  
I knew however, that she was planning on going to the lake with her friends
  later that morning, and I knew that she was running late. Normally I would
  have volunteered to help her out, but I was planning on bike riding with one
  of my few friends-Steve- and he was due to come by in a few minutes, so I had
  to get ready to leave myself.  
I finished up the dishes and headed for my room, cutting through the living
  room where Christy was vacuuming. She was wearing cut-off blue jeans, sport
  sandals and a T-shirt, and I hate to admit it but I understood why all the
  guys at school drooled when she went by. She was sexy as hell. Every boy's
  wet dream. Even my own on occasion, as well as my friend's.  
I even suspected that Steve was only my friend in order to be around my sister.
  They had dated once or twice, when they were both younger, but Christy could
  have any guy at school, and though Steve was better looking than I was, he
  was still not one of her "clique". I was 5'5" in between 8th and 9th grades,
  and Steve was 5'9", barely an inch taller than Christy, not up to her standards.
  She liked much taller men. And older...Steve was only half a year older than
  me. He was smart though, and built. Steve was a physical nut; bike riding,
  weight lifting, running, that sort of thing, and in much better shape than
  I was. He could have easily kicked my ass if ever he chose to.  
Christy clicked off the vacuum as I walked by and dabbed at the sweat at
  her brow. Her skin was glistening seductively, and I was ashamed at my foul
  thoughts, staring at the damp spot on her shirt between her breasts and her
  long legs.  
"Billy," she said, and snapped me out of my reverie. I looked up into her
  face and found her smiling impishly at me, one hand on cocked hip as she leaned
  on the handle of the vacuum cleaner. "Be a dear, Bro, and give me a hand finishing
  up. I want to go to the lake today." She smiled sweetly, and batted her blue
  puppy dog eyes at me. I swallowed my resolve and shook my head.  
"Sorry Sis." I said. "I'm goin' ridin' with Steve in a few minutes. I gotta
  get ready."  
"C'mon..." she frowned. "It'll only take a few minutes. Steve'll wait. You
  work fast, and I'll owe you one."  
"Another one. You owe me so many now it isn't funny. And you know you wouldn't
  help me if I needed it."  
She mocked exaggerated shock, placing a hand to her chest, "I would too.
  How can you say that?"  
"From experience. Just last month I was runnin' late for school and needed
  a hand with the breakfast dishes. I asked you and you just laughed and said
  'tough luck' as you sauntered your ass out the door. I got a week's detention
  for that tardy."  
"Well...I had to-"  
"You had to nothin'!" I snapped, "You just wanted to see me fuck up again.
  Then you ran home an' told Mom, and she grounded me for a week too."  
Christy smirked at my outrage, though she tried to hide it. "I'm sorry." she
  whined in her little 'hurt' voice, but I wasn't buying it.  
"Fuck you! It's your own fault that you're runnin' late. Deal with it!"  
I'm ashamed to say that I never saw the blow coming. The palm of her hand
  exploded against my cheek, bringing up a hand shaped red weal that stung like
  the devil. I yelped, more from shock than pain, and jumped back out of arm's
  length. Christy was furious, eyes popping as she shook her finger in my face.
  I was shocked. Though she had spanked me before, she had never blatantly slapped
  me.  
"Don't you talk to me like that again!" she screamed. "You prick. I ought'a
  spank your ass, beat the shit outta you. And don't think I won't tell Mom either.
  Fuckin' brat! I helped bring you in to this world...raised you...an' I can
  take you out of it too!"  
I was still rubbing my face as she continued. I listened for a bit, then
  realized that this was just a scheme to get me to feel guilty and do her chores.
  She was sneaky, conceited and snotty when she wanted to be, though I seemed
  to be the only one who saw that side of her. I let her ramble on awhile longer,
  then I cut her off.  
I put my hands up and backed away, a smirk on my own lips as I was finally
  getting over on the mighty Princess Christy.  
"Listen, " I said, still backing, "I gotta go get ready. Do your own fuckin'
  chores for once." and I slipped into my room closing the door behind me. She
  called me a string of names, and even threw something at the door. I just laughed
  and began to change my clothes.  
***  
I was washing up in the bathroom when I heard Christy's knock on the door-  
"Billy. Steve's here." she said through the door. I had not heard the doorbell,
  but thought nothing of it as I answered her. I quickly dried off and pulled
  on my tank top, then stepped out into the hallway.  
A strong hand grabbed my right wrist and twisted my arm up and around into
  the small of my back as another arm snaked around my throat in a crushing embrace.
  I gasped in surprise, and the arm tightened on my windpipe, effectively cutting
  off my breathing. I grabbed and clawed at the arm to no avail as it was clamped
  firmly in place. My right arm was ground up higher as I struggled, spots of
  gray already flashing in my vision.  
Obviously I was being assaulted, but I couldn't for the life of me understand
  why. My first thought was that we were being robbed, and my concern quickly
  went to Christy. I was worried that she would be hurt too...or worse. I did
  not see her, and I tried to call out her name but managed little more than
  a grunt as the arm about my throat tightened like a vise. Whoever had hold
  of me easily forced me to my knees with his superior strength and leverage.  
As I hit the floor, the grip on my neck relaxed a bit, and I was able to
  draw a breath. Too late I realized my mistake. I caught the whiff of an odor
  that I recognized all too well. My mother was a nurse, as I said, and often
  kept chemicals and medicines around the house and in her bag. I sucked in a
  great lung-full of chloroform as a wide cloth passed in front of my eyes from
  behind me. A second assailant, I surmised, as the first set of arms still had
  me locked tight.  
The cloth was pressed tightly over my mouth and nose, my face, leaving me
  no choice but to breathe in the noxious chemical or suffocate. And I had already
  dimmed enough that the bit I had breathed in was making me light-headed. I
  was fading. Darkness crept in at the edges of my vision and everything started
  to blur. I tried once more to feebly struggle, but quickly became winded and
  weak. My last thought was of Christy,  
Must protect Christy&hellip;  
Then I passed out&hellip;  
***  
I woke slowly. I had no idea how much time had passed, but my muscles, my
  whole body felt stiff and sore. My head was throbbing from the chloroform,
  and as I blinked, trying to focus my eyes started to water from the pain and
  bright light.  
I tried to focus my thoughts along with my vision, but my head felt muddled
  and it was hard to concentrate with the constant pounding. Still, slowly, I
  started to get my attention focused again. Few things made sense at first.
  I realized that I was still on the floor, as I could feel the rough shag carpet
  beneath me, scratching at my skin. It felt as though I was naked, as I could
  feel the grit and fiber rubbing against my flesh and irritating my nipples.
  I moaned, trying to move so that I could get up, remembering suddenly what
  had happened, but my voice seemed muffled and far away, and for some reason
  my arms and legs just would not respond. I figured that I had inhaled far too
  much chloroform, that I had not only been forced unconscious, but was paralyzed
  from the drug as well and my limbs had fallen asleep.  
More coming awake, and I realized that it was not the drug that kept me helpless.
  I could feel something wadded up in my mouth, pressing down on my tongue and
  soaking up my spit. There was something sticky and thick wrapped about my face,
  and I quickly understood that I had been gagged. I could just make out the
  silver sheen of the duct tape that had been wrapped about my lower face, and
  it hurt, pulling at my skin as I tried to move my jaws to force it off. I tried
  to move my arms again, to bring my hands to my mouth to pull the gag away and
  was shocked to find that I had been bound as well. I was tied up on the floor,
  my hands bound behind my back and anchored to my ankles, which had been tied
  to my wrists. I could feel rope winding about my ankles and knees and another
  bit of cord intertwined between the bonds of my hands and feet. I was securely
  done up in a hog-tie and gagged- unable to make more than a winded grunt, unable
  to move more than a feeble rocking from side to side. I was helpless-  
I looked up and around, immediately fearing that we were being robbed. I
  had been attacked, bound, gagged and left by my assailants. Oddly, however,
  nothing seemed out of place but me as I looked about the room. I had been moved
  I noted right away. I had been assaulted just outside of my bedroom door, but
  now I was in the living room, lying in front of the couch. The television was
  on, and I could see that the VCR was still in place and had not been stolen.
  Perhaps the robbers had not gotten to it yet and were checking out the rest
  of the house. It was then that I thought of my sister again. If I was here
  and helpless, what was happening to her? She could be bound and gagged as well,
  or worse-  
I screamed into my gag and thrashed around in my bonds but didn't accomplish
  anything except to tighten the ropes at my wrists and ankles. I soon became
  winded, only being able to breathe through my nose, and I had worked up a sweat
  as well from my useless exertions. I dropped my forehead to the floor, closing
  my eyes and trying to relax as I drew in long breaths. I couldn't hear anything
  over the television, which was tuned into the Home Shopping Station for some
  reason; a channel we all hated for sheer boredom. I could see light coming
  from the kitchen doorway, and shadows moving about as though someone were in
  there. Stealing the silver maybe? I didn't know, but I watched intently, trying
  to get my breath back and willing the knots holding me tight to come undone.
  I had nothing else to do.  
I saw the shadows shift and lengthen and knew that whoever was in there was
  heading my way. Quickly I started tugging at my bonds again, and again got
  nowhere. I was trapped and helpless, at least for the time being and resigned
  myself to my fate. I stared at the kitchen doorway, the most evil look I could
  muster under the circumstances, waiting for my captor to round the corner.
  When he did my eyes grew wide with shock. I could not believe it!  
My friend Steve stepped into the living room in all his glory. From my position
  on the floor he looked tall and strong. He was wearing a black muscle shirt-
  the kind with no sleeves- and a pair of dark swim trunks that seemed tight
  on him and a little familiar, almost like a pair of mine. His arms and legs
  were darkly tanned and his muscles seemed to ripple with his every step. I
  looked him up and down, seeing that he had on a pair of black Converse high-tops,
  loosely laced, and no socks, and saw that his black hair was mussed, like he
  had just woken up himself. I stared up at him, annoyed at his freedom and ashamed
  at my own helplessness, being tied up, gagged and naked. He apparently had
  not even seen me yet, and I saw that he had raided the fridge, with a cold
  piece of chicken in one hand and a beer in the other. I screamed into my gag
  to get his attention-  
&quot;Eeee! Umm I eee!&quot; I yelled, but my loudest shouts were little
  more than grunts through my tightly packed mouth. I thrashed around again,
  thumping up and down on the floor to get him to notice me and untie me. When
  I looked up again he had an almost comical look of shock on his face. He had
  seen me, finally, and was returning my stare, his eyes wide as he took in my
  bound body.  
&quot;Eeee&hellip;&quot; I moaned again, and then my own eyes went wide as
  I saw him snort in amusement and smirk. He took a sip from his beer, then wiped
  his mouth with the back of his hand.  
&quot;Hey!&quot; he called out and I blinked, wondering what was going on.
  Who was he calling to? &quot;He's awake!&quot;  
Steve stepped right up beside my head forcing me to crane my neck to look
  up at him. He stared down at me, towering over my helpless body with a huge
  grin on his face. He looked totally evil then and there, and totally uncaring
  of my plight. He ripped the last of the meat from the chicken leg then set
  the bone and the beer can on the small end table sitting next to the couch.
  He knelt down, his knees touching the floor on either side of my head. His
  strong legs held my head fast, and I shivered as I could feel his erection
  tapping against me as he leaned forward. Was this exciting him? Had he done
  this to me- my best friend? I felt his fingers dancing over the ropes about
  my wrists and ankles, then moaned in pain as he cinched the knots even tighter.
  I blushed in embarrassment as I felt his hand grope my ass, then yelped into
  my gag as he swatted it before standing up again.  
I looked up again, red-faced but intent to see what was going on when I heard
  footsteps thumping across the floor. I twisted my neck, trying to see past
  Steve's feet and legs and finally saw Christy as she came into my line of sight.
  Like Steve she was dressed in a swimsuit- a skimpy, one-piece white job that
  left little to the imagination. She was wearing a pale blue dress shirt over
  that- one of mine I realized- and her sports sandals. Her legs were long and
  tan, her face bright and smiling as she stepped up beside Steve near my head.
  I saw her raise slightly onto the balls of her feet and looked up to see her
  giving him a deep, wet kiss which he affectionately returned. When they were
  through, they both looked down, wide grins plastering their faces.  
&quot;Isn't he cute?&quot; Christy asked as she slid her sandaled foot under
  my chin, forcing me to raise my head higher.  
&quot;I dunno about cute,&quot; Steve answered, &quot;but I definitely like
  him better this way.&quot; They both chuckled at that as my sister let my chin
  drop back to the floor and strolled back into the kitchen.  
&quot;Yeah!&quot; she yelled from the other room. &quot;Children are better
  seen and not heard,&quot; she laughed, &quot;as my Grandma used to say.&quot;  
Steve laughed at that and turned about, flopping down on the couch. I saw
  the television change channels and knew that he was surfing, looking for something
  to watch. After a few seconds I felt the weight of his legs on my back as he
  slid his feet under my bound arms. He was sitting on the couch, watching TV
  and drinking beer and using me as a footstool.  
When my sister finally returned from the kitchen she laughed out loud to
  see what Steve had done. She was carrying an over-sized shoulder bag that I
  was sure was full of snacks and things as I remembered that she wanted to go
  to the lake with her friends. I supposed that Steve had been invited along,
  which was why he was wearing my swimming suit. I wondered what they had planned
  for me however. Was I going too, or were they going to leave me like this for
  the rest of the day; bound and gagged and helpless in my own home? Christy
  dropped her bag beside the couch and sat down beside Steve. Within seconds
  she had slipped out of her sandals, sliding them under my face before resting
  her own feet on the back of my head and neck. She pressed my face into the
  insole of her sandals and I could smell the rubber and the stale aroma of her
  feet still lingering. I wrinkled my nose at the smell, trying to move away,
  but she easily held me in place with her feet.  
&quot;He makes a great foot rest.&quot; My sister giggled and I felt Steve
  rub his shoes on my back. &quot;Glad to see he's good for something.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah. Whatta wimp though. He isn't even trying to get away.&quot; Steve
  dug his heel into the small of my back and I groaned into my gag. &quot;I think
  he likes this.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, he does. Believe me,&quot; Christy agreed as she ruffled my hair
  with her foot. &quot;I found some drawings and stories in his room once about
  bondage. Even some magazines, though I don't know where he got 'em.&quot; I
  felt the pressure on the back of my head increase as my sister leaned forward. &quot;Is
  that true, Billy? Does this make you hot?&quot; Christy and Steve laughed as
  I moaned into my gag. She was lying for Steve's sake, but I couldn't understand
  why?  
They kept me underfoot for almost a half-hour, talking to and about one another,
  and about me of course. My sister apparently felt that I needed a little discipline
  after our argument that morning, and she had decided to get Steve to help tie
  me up as punishment. I knew that it probably took no persuading at all to get
  Steve to agree, as he's had a crush on my sister for as long as we've been
  friends. Before too long however, we all heard a car's horn honking from the
  driveway outside.  
&quot;There's the gang!&quot; my sister said as she stood up and slipped
  her feet back into her sandals. The 'gang' as I recalled consisted of some
  of her uppity school friends as well as our three cousins, Rhonda, Lisa and
  Donny. I hoped, prayed that she would not invite them in to see me this way.
  Steve got up as well, pressing into my back as he stood.  
&quot;What are we gonna do about him?&quot; Steve jabbed the toe of his shoe
  into my ribs for emphasis and I moaned in response. &quot;We just gonna leave
  him here, like this?&quot;  
Christy shrugged. &quot;Why not? He can't get away, and Mom won't be home
  until late tonight. We'll be back before her.&quot;  
&quot;What if there's a fire? He'll be trapped-&quot;  
&quot;Please.&quot; Christy sniffed. &quot;There hasn't been a fire in all
  the years we've been living here. Why would there be one today?&quot; Steve
  said nothing, and even I had to agree with my sister's twisted logic. All of
  fate would have to conspire against me to have a fire here today. &quot;Now
  c'mon. He'll be fine. Won't you, Billy?&quot;  
Christy rubbed her foot over the back of my head, pressing my face against
  the floor. I don't know if she expected an answer, but I moaned into my gag
  because it hurt and apparently that was enough. She and Steve left me there.
  I heard their footsteps as they headed for the front door, then the door opening
  and slamming shut, my sister locking it behind them. In a few seconds I heard
  a car's engine revving and then the squeal of tires&hellip;  
I was alone&hellip;  
***  
I don't know how long I lay there on the floor. I couldn't see a clock from
  my position, and I was bound so tightly that no matter my best efforts I could
  not move an inch. I struggled of course, but the ropes binding me were too
  tight, the knots too far out of reach. After countless attempts to free myself,
  I found that I was in little better shape than when I had started.  
Eventually the sun started to go down. The living room filled with shadows
  and flickering lights as the Home Shopping Station went from sale to sale.
  I was going insane, as the TV was loud and every time I dozed off I would be
  awakened by a blare of some woman selling something. I was hot and sweating
  for most of the day, and before long my arms and legs were screaming at the
  tight hog-tie. I could barely breathe, and kept thinking that I might suffocate.
  And of course, since Steve brought it up, I was worried about a fire.  
Eventually I heard a car pull into the driveway. I hoped that it was Mom,
  and that she would free me and punish my sister as she had way overstepped
  the bounds of our game, but I heard Christy's voice before too long and knew
  that I was not going to be saved. The car pulled away after a slamming of doors
  and I heard our own front door open and slam shut as well. I could hear my
  sister as she walked through the house, but I did not actually see her for
  some time-  
FLASH  
I blinked as a sudden bright light erupted, blinding me. I moaned into my
  gag and struggled in my bonds, wondering what was happening-  
FLASH  
Again, and I realized that Christy was taking pictures of me. The flash of
  the camera erupted several more times from different angles. When she was finally
  through I knew that my sister had at least twenty shots on her digital camera.
  Then the lights came on.  
Christy stepped up by my head and stared down at me. She was still wearing
  her swimsuit and my shirt and her hair was frazzled from the water and sun.
  She smiled evilly as I looked up her long body, and then she placed her sandaled
  foot on my face. &quot;You have a good day, Bro? I sure did. The lake was great.&quot; She
  rubbed her foot across my face and I felt the grit and sand grinding into my
  cheek.  
&quot;Mmmn!&quot; I moaned, and she just chuckled.  
"Oh, don't be such a spoilsport," she chided, pressing on my face a final
  time then stepping away towards the kitchen. "You love it and you know it!" she
  yelled from the kitchen as I heard her open the refrigerator door. I could
  hear her rummaging around, digging through the refrigerator and cabinets looking
  for something to eat and I realized how hungry I was- and thirsty.  
"Remember what I told Steve, Billy," she shouted from the other room, "I've
  read your little stories and seen your drawings and the stuff you've downloaded
  from the Net. I know you like this&hellip;  
"So do I," she said, stepping around the corner again to tower over me. She
  was eating a sandwich and had an open bottle of water in her other hand. Christy
  took a long drink as I whimpered, sighing in refreshment as she took the bottle
  away, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand-  
"Boy, that's good," she smirked, "I was parched." She took a big bite of
  her sandwich, chewing as she looked at me, cocking her head to one side-  
"Oh, I'm sorry, Billy," she said with a slight frown, her eyebrows arching
  in apparent sorrow. She crouched down, setting the water bottle to one side
  as she worked at the knots on my gag. "You've been like this for hours. I bet
  you're thirsty too, hungry?"  
I nodded as she pulled the scarf from my face and I quickly spat out the
  wadded underwear that had been stuffed into my mouth. I worked my jaw, trying
  to get a little saliva so I could speak. My voice still croaked-  
"P-please&hellip;" I moaned, looking up at her hopefully as she stared back
  chewing on her sandwich. She smiled and spit out the bit she had been chewing
  on into the palm of her hand. She held it out to me-  
"Here ya go," she said with a cruel smirk as I stared at the half-eaten wad
  of soggy bread, meat and cheese. It looked horrible. I looked up at her and
  she just laughed-  
"Don't want it, Bro?" she stood, tossing the chewed bite into the trash. "Too
  bad. You get nothing and like it then." I watched as she guzzled down the last
  of her water then stepped back over to me, crouching down again. She picked
  up the soggy, wadded underwear and ordered me to open up again. I shook my
  head and clenched my lips shut. Christy just sighed and grabbed my nose, pinching
  it shut. We had been down this road before.  
I was already winded and week so it didn't take me long before I opened my
  mouth, gasping for air. Christy shoved the packing into my mouth and held it
  there until she had the scarf firmly tied about my face once again. She stood,
  shaking her head as though disappointed-  
"Looks like someone still needs some quiet time," she said nudging me with
  the toe of her sandal. My penis stirred from that again, her freedom and my
  lack, and her foot play was getting me hot. I moaned, looking away and she
  giggled. "We've got some time before Mom comes home I think. Make the best
  of it."  
And she was gone.  
I looked around and rolled about tugging at my bonds again but I knew I was
  still trapped. I had not been able to free myself the entire day and I knew
  that nothing had changed in the last few minutes. Though too, something had
  changed&hellip;  
Christy had become cruel somehow. She was even more dominant and evil as
  she taunted me in my bondage. I was wondering if what had once been a game
  to both of us was suddenly something more to her. And me as well, it seemed
  as the mere touch of her foot had set me to writhing, getting me hard- harder
  as the bondage still made me hot. Christy had become a cruel Mistress- no-
  a kidnapper. Granted she acted like a Dominatrix just a bit much at times,
  but the game still revolved around my captivity more than my servitude-  
And she had told Steve. I never thought in my wildest dreams that Christy
  would have ever told anyone about our games let alone actually involve them,
  but she had told my best friend and had him help her kidnap me. Worse, he had
  enjoyed it; I could see it in his eyes the way he had looked at me. I knew
  she was dating Steve off and on, and as I said before I had my suspicions that
  Steve was only my friend to be near Christy but I could never have imagined
  that he would have been willing to help tie me up. Who else might she tell,
  I wondered? She had a lot of friends, most of whom thought I was a geek and
  annoying; her cheer leader clique, her friends that she hung out with. Who
  was next; the football team, Glenda? She had taken pictures too. What were
  those for? Blackmail&hellip;  
***  
I actually started crying when Christy came back about an hour later and
  started to untie me. My body was aching from being bound up in a hog-tie for
  so long and as my limbs unfolded they started to ache with cramps and spasms.
  Christy soothed me, cooing as she rubbed at my muscles, trying to comfort me
  but I still hurt, both physically and mentally. After what she had done to
  me I could never trust her again.  
She helped me to my room though, and put me to bed, trying to comfort me
  and turning her back as I dressed for sleep. She really seemed sorry, but I
  was exhausted and sore and asleep as soon as my head hit the pillows of my
  bed&hellip;  
***  
I heard Mom come home at some point, heard the door and her moving about
  the house. I heard her and Christy talking, but couldn't hear what they were
  saying. I drifted back to sleep&hellip;  
***  
I woke with a start and saw Christy standing in my doorway. Backlit from
  the light in the hallway she seemed almost angelic with her perfect body and
  long, tousled hair. She stepped into my room, a silhouette gliding through
  the darkness until she sat on the edge of my bed. She was smiling as she looked
  down at me, dressed in her over-sized football jersey and panties for sleep-  
"You okay?" she asked, smiling as she rubbed my leg. I felt my penis stirring
  and bit my cheek trying to come awake. I nodded-  
"I'm sorry about what happened," she cooed, shushing me as I tried to speak. "I
  got carried away. It was wrong." I nodded, agreeing, but I forgave her and
  her smile widened. She was so beautiful-  
"I'm sorry too," I mumbled from the heart, "sorry for what I said."  
"It's okay. You were right. I was slacking off."  
Christy stood and bent over me. She pulled my covers up to my neck and leaned
  in to kiss my forehead. She smiled warmly-  
"I love you, Billy. You know that, right?" I nodded-  
"I love you too&hellip;"  
"I know," she said, turning and walking to the door, her feet barely sounding
  as she padded across the floor. She glanced back, then stepped into the hall,
  closing the door behind her&hellip;  
MONDAY:  
"Billy! Time to get up!"  
I heard my mother's voice and moaned, rolling over. I glanced at the clock
  and saw that it was well after nine. Something was wrong with that, but I was
  still tired and aching from my bondage time of the day before so I dismissed
  it and tried to get out of bed.  
I visited the bathroom and finally made my way to the kitchen. I saw Mom
  sitting at the table and thought that odd. Today was a workday as far as I
  remembered. Even odder was the fact that Christy was at the stove cooking breakfast.
  She smiled as I shambled into the room and sat down at the table, wishing me
  a 'good morning' as she placed a heaping plate of bacon, eggs and toast in
  front of me-  
"Morning," I mumbled and Mom lowered her paper with a smile as she took a
  sip of coffee. I saw that she was not dressed for work in her usual suit or
  uniform but rather in a more casual dress. I asked her what was up-  
"I'm sorry, Billy, but you were in bed when I came home," she started, taking
  a small nibble from her toast, "Your Aunt Louise called last night at work
  and said she was out with a bad back and needed me to come up to help out with
  the baby."  
I knew my Aunt Louise had had a little girl not so long ago, but my Uncle
  Dick had died just after the baby was born. Jen was her third, and Christy
  and I had two other cousins- Rhoda who was a year older than me, and Lydia
  a year younger. Louise was Mom's sister-  
"I've taken some vacation time and I'll be heading up to Lou's to help her
  out with the baby until she mends. I'll be gone a week at least-  
"Christy will be in charge, and I've left some money for food and such-"  
"Can't we go too?" I asked.  
"Billy, you know how expensive it is to fly to Lou's, and it takes way too
  long to drive. You'll be fine, but you'll just have to manage. I'll be back
  in a week I'm sure."  
"Yeah, Billy," Christy said as she sat at the table with her own steaming
  plate of food. "It'll be great. We'll have some fun while Mom's up north."  
I felt Christy's foot scratching at my leg underneath the table. I glanced
  at her but she just smiled, digging into her breakfast-  
"I've given Christy some money, just in case, but I doubt you'll need it.
  We have plenty of food on hand, and since you two are on summer break there
  shouldn't be any problem. I expect you to listen to Christy though, and both
  of you to split the chores while I'm gone. I don't want to come home to a mess,
  understand?" Christy and I both nodded that we did and Mom smiled-  
"Good. My plane leaves at eleven-thirty, but I packed last night so no rush.
  You two will drop me off and then you're on your own. I have faith in you both
  to do the right thing. I want you to know. I trust you both-"  
Christy scratched at my leg again and I saw her trying to suppress the giggles.
  I just nodded, feeling just a little weird. Christy and I had buried the hatchet
  last night as far as I could remember, but was I ready for a week with her
  in charge. I smiled at Mom and said that we would do our best&hellip;  
***  
Mom's plane got off on time and we got her to the airport with plenty of
  time to spare. Christy and I stayed to watch until the 727 was well on its
  way and almost out of sight before she suggested that we leave. She wanted
  to stop at the Mall before heading home. She wanted to do some shopping, groceries
  and other things that she thought we might need over the upcoming week. That
  was fine by me. I wanted to pass by the Comic Book store.  
Christy let me drive to the Mall, which was just over a couple miles from
  the airport. That was great, though not totally legal I imagine. I had my Learner's
  Permit, but Christy was not eighteen yet. I'm not certain of the laws really,
  but it was great anyway and I quickly forgot all my worries as I tried to maneuver
  and park the car in the Mall's Parking Lot.  
Christy and I split up; she going to shop and me heading to Cosmic Comics,
  maybe to Borders after that. We scheduled to meet up for lunch in a couple
  hours. At the Comic Book Store I picked up the latest issues and a couple back
  issues as well, spending most of my allowance for the week. I got an old issue
  of Action that I knew had a Supergirl story with some bondage as well as a
  Twilight Zone that had a bit of Shrinking in it- another big fetish of mine
  that I was pretty sure even Christy did not know about. I was happy when I
  finally met up with my sister in the Mall's Food Court-  
"All done?" she asked and I said I was as I eyed the bags piled up and around
  the table. I saw bags from Macys and Food King as well as Ace Hardware. She
  had been busy. We ate, and I showed her the comics- the Action anyway, which
  she thumbed through smiling at the Sorority girl tied to a tree in the Supergirl
  story. We had a nice time, eventually leaving with me carrying most of the
  heavier bags and Christy driving the rest of the way home as traffic had gotten
  a bit heavy.  
It was later that night that she finally approached me with her ideas for
  the week and things changed&hellip;  
***  
"I want to tie you up."  
We were standing side by side at the kitchen sink, just finishing up the
  dishes when she dropped that bomb. I knew that it would be coming eventually
  as she had already hinted at it, but it was a little surprising the way that
  she just blurted it out. Usually we had to talk in code, just in case Mom was
  around to hear saying things like, "Feel lucky?" or "Want to play a game?".
  I was just a bit surprised was all.  
I turned slightly to look at my sister and found her eyeing me out of the
  corner of her eye. She was grinning widely and almost blushing as she ran a
  plate under the faucet, rinsing it off and handing it to me. I took it, rubbing
  it with a terry cloth towel as I looked her up and down. She was dressed to
  kill- me I realized, wearing short blue jean cut-offs, a black Lycra sports
  bra and a well-worn pair of black rubber flip-flops. With her hair tied back
  in a ponytail to show off her thick hoop earrings and all her nails sculpted
  and polished a light pink I could tell that she had dressed up with me in mind,
  though oddly I had not noticed till then. As I looked her up and down I saw
  that she was cocking her leg back slightly and slipping her toes in and out
  of the dirty thong. I could feel my penis stirring despite the fact that it
  was my sister teasing me. She looked hot-  
"S-sure," I croaked, my voice catching in my throat as I blushed myself and
  put the plate back in its cabinet to take another from her. Christy giggled-  
"You don't understand," she said, turning fully and leaning against the drainboard,
  crossing her legs at the ankles and flexing her toes- for my benefit I'm sure.
  She licked her lips and folded her arms under her breasts, which seemed to
  make them bigger. "I want to tie you up for the week. I want to take you prisoner,
  hold you captive like a real hostage. Mom won't be back for a week. This is
  our chance to really have some fun."  
She smiled widely at me, her big blues eyes sparkling as she stared, waiting
  for me to say something. I must have looked like a total geek standing there
  blinking my eyes in stunned silence, my mouth hanging open. I had to admit
  that the thought of being tied up and held prisoner for a whole week got me
  excited as hell. It would be like a dream come true, and with Mom off at our
  aunt's house up north there would be no chance of discovery. I knew too that
  Christy would love to have me at her mercy for a week, and I could already
  see the wheels spinning in her mind as new ideas sprang forth. It was the chance
  of a lifetime, but did I really want to be so totally helpless and dependant
  on my sister for so long. A lot could happen in a week. Then too there had
  been the argument of the other day, and the revenge she had taken with the
  help of my friend Steve. Was she over that? Was I truly forgiven? And would
  Steve be brought in on this too?  
I finished drying the plate while she watched me, turning to put it away
  and closing the cabinet. I folded the towel over the handle on the stove, stalling
  as I mulled the thoughts over in my head. I knew that if I said 'No' that that
  would be it. We would never 'play' again. I knew it somehow, and I don't know
  if I was ready for that. I loved our little games. I loved to be tied up. I
  loved when she made me lick her shoes and clean her dirty feet. But a week-
  a whole week&hellip;  
"I don't know, Christy," I finally said. I couldn't look at her eyes for
  some reason, so I focused on her tapping foot. "I want to, you know that, but
  a whole week?"  
"C'mon, Billy. It'll be fun for the both of us, and who knows when we'll
  have the house to ourselves like this again."  
She was right of course, but the sight of her and Steve sitting on the couch
  and using me as a footrest kept popping to mind. And what had happened after
  that, when she had returned from the lake and the little tortures she had put
  me through. I worried over a week of that, as I had learned that my sister
  could be really, really cruel.  
"I dunno," I said again, staring at her feet. She was slipping one foot in
  and out of the straps on her thongs, while the toes of the other kept clenching,
  scrunching into the rubber sole. "Let me sleep on it," I finally said. I'll
  probably say yes, but&hellip;"  
Christy frowned a bit, then her lips curled into a soft smile. "I understand," she
  said, stepping forward and putting her hand on my arm, making it tingle with
  excitement. "You're worried about the other day, but don't be. I won't let
  anything bad happen. You know that. I love you&hellip;"  
"I know," I said in agreement, "but let me think about it just the same." She
  snorted and shrugged-  
"Whatever," she said as she strolled from the kitchen wiggling her ass. "Your
  loss&hellip;"  
I sighed and followed her out, and we both settled into the living room to
  watch television. I brought us sodas, which she did not thank me for, and she
  lit a cigarette after a few minutes after opening the windows and turning on
  the exhaust on the air conditioner. We were both more or less quiet for an
  hour or two, at least until Christy went to the kitchen and came back with
  two beers-  
"I'm sorry," she said, handing me a cold can dripping with condensation. "I
  didn't mean to pressure you. If you don't trust me, it's cool-"  
"I do trust you!" I sputtered as I popped the top of the beer can. "I trust
  you! It's just, I don't know if I can take a week of being tied up nonstop,
  y'know? It's a little scary."  
"I understand," she said, flopping back in her easy chair and crossing her
  long tanned legs. She started swinging her leg as she opened her beer, her
  thong dangling from her toes. "But you have to know that I wouldn't let anything
  happen to you. I love you. You're my baby brother. I just want us to have a
  little fun, y'know?"  
"Yeah&hellip;"  
I stared at her as she turned back to the TV, so beautiful, so loving. I
  was lucky that she was into bondage too, otherwise I'd be looking at pictures
  in magazines and beating off, imagining what it was really like. I was lucky
  as hell, and I'd be damned if I would let it slip away-  
"Okay&hellip;" I finally said and saw her turn to look at me.  
"What?"  
"Okay," I repeated as she smiled. "Please tie me up." She made a fist and
  shook it in triumph-  
"Yes!"  
"But," I added and she stared at me, her smile faltering. "Let's wait until
  tomorrow, so I can get a good night's sleep. I imagine I won't get too many
  for the rest of the week." Christy chuckled, still kicking her leg-  
"Sure, Billy. Whatever you say."  
TUESDAY:  
I woke to darkness, sometime in the night. I was on my stomach and still
  in bed as I craned my neck, trying to look at the glowing red numbers of my
  alarm clock on the nightstand just within reach. I saw through tired bleary
  eyes that it was almost five, almost morning. I moaned, wondering what had
  woke me up.  
I remembered that Christy and I had sat up for quite awhile watching television
  and just chatting and drinking beers. That explained why I was so tired, and
  why I had to take a monstrous piss. I was still buzzed slightly, my head and
  vision spinning a bit and my mouth feeling like it was lined with cotton. I
  had not gotten drunk, but after three beers- or was it four- I had gotten tipsy,
  giggling like a little girl at everything Christy had said. I was not a pretty
  drunk.  
Eventually I had started to nod off and my sister suggested I get to bed.
  I had agreed, staggering off to the bathroom with a stupid smirk on my face
  and happy as hell that Christy and I had buried the hatchet. I did my nightly
  duties, finally swaying and stumbling into my room, actually fantasizing about
  the week to come. At that point I was excited and looking forward to a week
  of non-stop bondage at the hands of my loving sister. I remember thinking how
  great it was going to be before I collapsed on top of my bed in my underwear
  and quickly fell asleep.  
Then I woke up. I wondered briefly what had awakened me; finally deciding
  it was my pressing need to pee. I moaned lightly as my head started spinning
  when I started to push up off the bed-  
I heard the floor creak and felt something land heavily on my back. Air whooshed
  from my lungs as I was slammed down into my mattress and I found myself quickly
  gasping for breath as someone squirmed into position on top of me, holding
  me down. I felt a fist snake fingers into my long hair, getting a grip and
  then shoving me face down into my pillow making it even harder to breathe.
  I heard Christy's laughter and finally knew what was going on-  
"Wake up, Billy," she mocked, her free hand getting a grip about my right
  wrist and yanking my arm painfully back. "You've slept long enough, Bro. Time
  for the fun to begin," she mocked as she scooted forward on my back, her weight
  pressing me down. I could feel the warmth and dampness of her crotch on my
  bare back as she pressed her legs into my ribs for leverage. She was excited
  by this, apparently, and so was I as I could feel my already enraged penis
  starting to stir.  
I heard a strange ripping sound as I started to struggle, trying to rise
  and pull my hand free. I felt something sticky being pressed to my wrist, heard
  the ripping sound again as it wrapped about and about in several turns. Suddenly
  I was able to gasp for breath as Christy released her tight hold on my hair
  and I raised my head slightly from the pillow. Quickly though she grabbed my
  other arm and wrenched it back as well, her strength easily greater than mine
  as I lay sprawled beneath her. Leverage was on her side as she pulled my arms
  together, crossing them at the wrists and holding them there as she wrapped
  what I would soon learn to be duct tape about them, criss-crossing layer after
  layer, over and over until there was no hope of pulling my hands free. When
  she finally released her grip and settled back on my ass I struggled, much
  to her amusement I imagine. I strained and pulled, twisting my arms and wrists
  as best I could. That was part of the game after all. I had to get free, or
  at least try to. I quickly realized that at that point it was impossible and
  sagged beneath Christy's weight. She laughed-  
"Give up?" I nodded, sweating and still out of breath. "Good," she purred,
  patting my back and I realized that she had on leather, fingerless gloves as
  she ran the flat of her hand over my shoulders.  
I felt her rise up again and her hands quickly dug into my sides. I giggled
  at her quick touch as her nails started to scratch, thinking I was in for some
  tickle torture but soon learned that she had something else in mind-  
"Roll over," she commanded and I did, struggling and awkward even with her
  help. When she finally had me lying on my back, on top of my arms I might add,
  she settled down on me again. Again I felt the warm dampness between her legs
  and I saw the evil gleam in her eye as she smiled looking radiant in the first
  light of false dawn shining through my window blinds. My eyes were starting
  to adjust to the dim, only spinning lightly as the intense scene was sobering
  me up. I stared at my beautiful sister sitting on my stomach, her sandy brown
  hair loose and tousled, cascading about her shoulders as she looked down at
  me. I saw that she was wearing a Halloween mask; one of those little black-plastic
  domino masks that hid the area around the eyes. It made her look sexy as hell
  as she grinned down on me. She had her gloved-hands on her hips, a look of
  triumph on her face-  
"That was too easy," she mocked bringing a hand down to my chest and running
  her fingers lightly across my sweaty skin making me shiver and lick my lips.
  She giggled, her fingertips finding my left nipple and scratching at it, flicking
  it playfully. "I expected more of a fight out of you, boy. How's it feel to
  be outfought and tied up by a girl, hmmn?"  
"I'm still buzzed," I mumbled in my defense. She laughed-  
"Right, like you being wide awake and sober would have made a difference.
  You're worthless and weak," she chortled as she dug her fingernails into my
  nipple, twisting until I whimpered and whined, begging her to stop. "Still," she
  continued her face going stern, "I know your mother loves you and I'm willing
  to bet that she'll pay a pretty penny to get you back. So, boy, do we do this
  the easy way, or the hard?"  
Christy cocked her head to one side as though listening and in answer I started
  bucking under her weight. I struggled, trying to throw her off of me as I pulled
  at my bonds again, cursing all the while and trying to get into the act-  
"You'll never get away with this!" I snarled, then grunted, "Mom won't pay
  you a dime!"  
Christy laughed and scooted forward pressing her legs in tightly again to
  hold me down. Despite that she was dressed in her black sports bra again and
  black stirrup pants by the scratchy feel on my arms I could see a fine sheen
  of sweat on her skin and an even slighter musky smell coming from both of us.
  She held up the roll of duct tape for me to see as my struggling subsided and
  she pulled out a long strip-  
"Hard it is," she laughed as she bent closer and smoothed the end of the
  tape to my cheek. I expected her to rip off the strip- and as sweaty as I was
  getting I knew that with no packing in my mouth I'd be able to work it free
  with my tongue. Christy was a step ahead of me though- as usual. She palmed
  the back of my head, holding it up slightly as she started wrapping the strip
  round and round my head and face. Each turn of the silver tape caused her to
  lean in and my head brushed against her breasts giving us both a quick thrill
  I imagine. After about ten turns I guess- I had lost count with my face pressed
  into her tight bosom- she finally ripped the strip free of the roll and smoothed
  down the end. My lower face was totally sealed in from my chin to just under
  my nose allowing me to breathe. I could still make noise, but with the many
  layers of stiff tape it was hard to work my jaw and any sound that got through
  was dull and muffled. She let my head fall back to the pillow as she stepped
  a foot back to the floor and climbed off of me, allowing me to draw in long
  and ragged breaths through my nose.  
Christy moved down to the foot of the bed then, and with the duct tape still
  in one hand grabbed my ankle with the other. I fought and kicked of course,
  but she was too strong, actually digging her nails into my skin as she started
  wrapping the tape about one ankle, then loosing the roll and letting it dangle
  a moment as she grabbed my other still flailing leg and held them together.
  She started to bind my ankles then, again wrapping the tape round and round,
  layer after layer. My struggles waned as it got harder and harder to move.
  Christy led the tape up my legs then with a few quick, loose turns and started
  in binding my thighs just above my knees. She was done in seconds despite my
  meager kicking and moaning and when she finally dropped my legs back to the
  bed I found them immobile, locked tightly together. If I managed to get to
  my feet now to try to get away the best I could manage would be a short hop.  
Christy seemed satisfied as she watched me squirm, finally setting the tape
  out of sight on the floor and coming up with a water bottle. I watched enviously
  as she pulled the stopper and took a long thirsty drink. She finished by splashing
  some of the quenching liquid across her chest; wiping it down and letting it
  trickle between her breasts. I watched, my penis raging as she smoothed her
  leather-gloved hand over her breasts and stomach, her arms and finally her
  face. Refreshed, She ignored my whining muffled pleas and bent down again,
  quickly standing once more and placing her hands on her hips-  
"Ready for Phase Two, boy?" she asked with a wicked grin and I stared up
  at her uncomprehending. She smirked, "Obviously I can't leave you here in your
  bedroom for anyone to stumble across you. What kind of a stupid-ass kidnaper
  would that make me? No, I need to put you someplace a bit more secure than
  your bed."  
That worried me a bit. Where would she put me- for a week? And just how was
  she going to get me there for that matter? She had already bound my legs, did
  she expect me to hop? Crawl? She must have saw my eyes widen as she simply
  laughed again, walking to the side of my bed.  
I was laying on top of the bedspread so she simply took the falling hem and
  draped it up and over me before walking to the other side and doing the same.
  She bent low again and took the material in hand, making a quick knot. Christy
  then went to the foot of my bed again and gathered up the tails of the spread
  about my legs and feet. She pulled, stepping away from the bed and I slid along
  easily, my legs angling out over the floor. She stepped slowly back, smiling
  as I slid butt first onto the hardwood floor of my room. I winced, landing
  with a thud on my ass and it hurt despite the thick throw rug beside my bed.
  Christy just kept walking and laughing as she backed out of my room and into
  the dining area just beyond.  
My throw rug slid along with me until I reached the threshold of the doorway
  where it bunched up beneath me. With a grunt however Christy heaved and got
  me moving again. It was fairly simple in its ingenuity as Christy dragged me
  through the house; the dining area, past the kitchen and through the living
  room towards the hall that separated her room as well as Mom's and the family
  bathroom from the main house. My eyes widened as I watched Christy work, barely
  struggling at all as she dragged me along past her bedroom and Mom's, finally
  realizing the final destination.  
Christy let loose my makeshift litter, standing tall to catch her breath
  and gather her strength. It was cooler here in the main part of the house with
  the air-conditioning on but I could still see her skin glistening slightly
  in the dim glow coming from the main windows softened slightly by the thin
  drapes. She smiled at me to see that I understood where she was taking me and
  opened the door to the cellar.  
"No one will find you in the basement, boy," she chuckled looking just like
  a super villain from Batman; the Spandex Spectre or something like that. It
  was so cool. With that she reached in and flicked on the light, then bent to
  gather up the bedspread again, backing into the basement.  
She went slowly as she backed sort of sideways down the stairs. She was none
  too gentle as I thumped down the steps behind her but I knew she was being
  extra careful making certain that I did not get away from her and bracing with
  every step to regain her leverage. Still I was aching from the bumpy ride when
  we finally reached the bottom of the stairs and I came to a rest on the cool
  cement that covered half the cellar floor. Christy was not done yet however
  as she wrapped her hands in the comforter and continued to pull me all the
  way across the floor.  
We finally stopped by the main support column in the center of the basement's
  far side. That side of the cellar floor was still just packed dirt as Dad had
  died before the work had been completed and Mom had never gotten around to
  finishing it up. The two halves of the cellar were divided by freestanding
  wall screens; wooden frames with paper stretched across and painted for strength.
  The weight bench was on the dirt side as well as piled boxes of junk lining
  the concrete wall that stretched up about eight feet with tiny windows spaced
  along its width. On the other side of the dividers were the washers and dryers,
  overhead wires stretched among the pipes and rafters for drying things, the
  stairs of course and a sink and closet. If Christy lashed me to the pole I
  knew from experience that no one would see me behind the dividers. So did she-  
"Phase Three, boy," she said as she undid the knots of the bedspread and
  rolled me off until I laid at her feet on the packed dirt. I saw her well-worn
  black Reeboks right in front of my face, dusty from the cellar floor already
  and I had visions of me licking them clean but Christy apparently did not as
  yet. She rolled me about in the dirt, finally sitting me up with my back pushed
  against the support column. I saw then that she had placed some rope near the
  pole before hand and she was gathering a length.  
Christy looped a long bit of rope about my stomach, knotting it off before
  she really got to work. She passed the cord about my midsection a few times,
  knotted it again and then started to crisscross it about my chest and shoulders.
  She did this several turns as well before knotting that length off and getting
  a fresh piece. She took that bit of nylon cord and looped it about my wrists,
  then tied it around the pole a dozen turns or so before running it up to my
  elbows and doing the same. With every turn she pulled tightly, catching the
  slack as she laced my elbows to the pole and forcing my body to contort to
  the bondage. By the time she was finished with my chest and arms I was lashed
  tightly with my back to the pole and my chest stretched wide, my shoulders
  flung back to accommodate. There was a constant pressure, but it did not hurt-
  yet.  
"There," Christy said, standing tall as she surveyed her work. She strolled
  about the pole, and me and I could feel her tugging at the ropes a time or
  two just to be sure. &quot;That ought'a hold you, boy," she said as she strolled
  around in front of me and squatted down to check the tape at my knees and ankles.
  As an after thought she wrapped a fresh cord about both, cutting away the duct
  tape with a pair of heavy duty shears from a pegboard that held the few dusty
  tools my father had owned. She stood up again and stepped away watching me
  squirm for a bit as I tested my bonds. I knew right off that I was trapped,
  that I would never get out of her bondage, but I saw her frown slightly, twisting
  her lip. She was not satisfied-  
Abruptly her eyes lit up as she dramatically snapped her fingers and trotted
  off out of my line of sight. I heard her rummaging around in the packing boxes
  a bit, and then she quickly returned. I felt her hands at my throat as she
  pushed my head forward attaching something.  
"This is just what you were missing," she said as she strapped a leather
  dog collar about my throat. Our father had had a dog when we were little. He
  had loved the thing, and so had we, but Mom had hated it. When Dad died she
  had decided to have it put to sleep. It was old and feeble I admit, but Christy
  and I had cried and cried. Mom had kept its collar and leash for some reason,
  and as it was a Great Dane the thick leather collar easily fit about my neck
  with Christy fastening the buckle. She then attached the leash to the heavy
  metal loop on the collar and wrapped that about the pole, finally tying it
  off again, hooking it back to the clasp. It was tight, but I could breathe
  and it kept my head up so that I could not slump over.  
"That's better," Christy said, giving me a final look. She then squatted
  down and gathered up the last bits of rope that she had not used and strolled
  back towards the stairs. I thrashed about and grunted, moaning into my gag
  and she turned at the last moment-  
"What?" she asked looking annoyed that I was bothering her in her moment
  of glory.  
"Mmmm," I said, which meant 'You'll never get away with this', or 'I'm thirsty',
  or 'Please let me go!' Christy chuckled-  
"I'll be back later, boy. Behave, or there'll be hell to pay!" She laughed
  and vanished from my line of sight. I heard her pad quickly up the stairs and
  a few seconds later the dangling overhead light went out. I heard the door
  close and the locking bolt sliding into place. I was locked in and totally
  trapped, helpless.  
I writhed and squirmed of course, doing my best to try to get away. It was
  expected but I knew even as I started that it was useless. Christy was way
  too good at tying, and it seemed the harder that I struggled the tighter my
  restraints became. Only being able to breathe through my nose, I soon became
  winded and weak.  
It was not too hot yet in the cellar, but I knew that as the sun progressed
  past the windows it would get worse. The basement seemed to trap the heat as
  well as the cold and I knew I was in for a steam bath during the day and a
  chilly night if she kept me here. There was little to do except work at my
  bonds and look around so I did. With my back to the pole and my legs outstretched
  at least I was fairly comfortable save for the tightness of my bonds that stretched
  my torso to the contours of the column. I could shift about a bit, draw up
  my legs and wiggle on my ass, but that was about all.  
I figured that it was after six as I looked to the windows and saw the sun
  starting its daily climb. I had been in bondage barely an hour and I was already
  bored. Without Christy there it was exciting, but not as great as I could have
  hoped. I heard her upstairs walking around awhile, but after too long she settled
  in and I did not hear her anymore. Maybe she went back to bed, or eating breakfast,
  watching television. Maybe she was taking a shower&hellip;  
I shook my head, trying to get that image out of my mind as I looked about
  the basement again. I counted the packing boxes that lined the wall. I counted
  the tools on the pegboard. I watched an ant crawl across the dirt just a few
  inches past my feet. I soon nodded off&hellip;  
***  
I was on my knees and scrubbing the filthy tiles of the kitchen floor when
  Bonnie strolled in and started lashing away at my ass with a studded leather
  belt. I screamed in pain, rolling onto my back as she kept hitting me over
  and over, screaming at me-  
"You call that clean, bitch?"  
I was crying, and I saw Christy in the background laughing at me. Bonnie's
  daughter Pam was there as well and another girl from school, some other women
  that I did not know. I screamed and righted myself as they all laughed, crawling
  forward as Bonnie our next door neighbor beat me with her belt. I leaned in
  close, licking and kissing her soft white leather clogs hoping that she would
  stop.  
Bonnie shoved the toe of her shoe closer, still beating my ass as I bent
  low at her feet-  
"That's right, bitch! Lick!" she shouted, and I did, my penis throbbing as
  she lashed away at my ass while the others kept laughing. I had to pee and
  I told her but she ignored me.  
I kept licking&hellip;  
***  
I woke with a start and realized that my penis was jerking. I moaned, unable
  to stop myself from coming, then pissing. My dick bobbed about as it emptied
  into my boxer shorts and I moaned in satisfaction with the sudden release.
  My skin flushed though with embarrassment over what I had just done. Nocturnal
  Emissions, I had wet the bed so to speak. Christy would kill me.  
I sat there helpless as the cum and piss dried. There was nothing that I
  could do. The sun was moving through the windows, but I had no idea how much
  time had passed, how long I had been tied to the pole. I was starting to smell
  though of piss and sweat, and I hoped that my sister would come downstairs
  soon and do something about it-  
It had to be hours later when I heard the bolt on the upper door slide back
  and the basement light came on again. I listened intently and heard Christy's
  footfalls as she descended the stairs. I heard then the sounds of her readying
  the washer; the lid creaking, the detergent shaking from the box. Soon after
  the water started rushing and I saw my sister pass through the dividers-  
"Oh, god&hellip;" she said as she stepped into my half of the cellar. She
  just stood there looking at me and shaking her head with a disgusted look on
  her face. She was dressed in her thongs and cut-offs again, though with a red
  sports bra now and her hair tied back in a bun. She sighed and stepped forward,
  towering over my helplessness as she stared down at me-  
"Had a little problem, hunh?" she asked as she leaned forward and rested
  her foot on my chest. I squirmed at the sudden weight but loved the feel of
  her rubber sole on my chest as she pressed down slightly. Too I blushed with
  embarrassment at what I had done; coming with a wet dream. God!  
"It's okay," she cooed, planting her foot back in the dirt. "It happens to
  boys your age, and I suppose it's partly my fault. Are you okay?" I nodded
  that I was.  
"Want me to clean you up?" she asked, moving her thonged foot to my outstretched
  leg and rubbing it lightly. I squirmed feeling my penis getting hard again.
  I nodded.  
"Okay, hold on." Christy walked away and I heard the sink as water poured
  into a bucket. I figured that she was going to scrub me down, but when she
  came back she simply set the bucket of water aside and got the shears again-  
"I'll have to cut off your boxers," she warned as she squatted down beside
  me. "That okay?" she asked and I blushed, closing my eyes as I nodded. I felt
  the cool metal on my skin as she quickly snipped away at the light cotton of
  my boxer shorts, cutting the area between my legs first at the crotch. She
  held out the ends of the short legs of my boxers and giggled, looking up at
  me with a little grin-  
"You know, with a little makeup and that hair a little longer you might look
  pretty good in a dress. You're a little flat chested, but otherwise&hellip;" I
  squirmed, hoping she was joking. She laughed again and set back to work, snipping
  my underwear along the seam of the right leg.  
Within seconds she pulled the material away and I opened my eyes to see her
  standing over me with the bucket in hand. She splashed the cold water over
  my crotch, which cleaned me a bit I suppose but muddied the ground around me
  even more. She set the bucket down.  
"There ya go," she said and simply strolled away through the dividers to
  leave me sitting in the mud. I saw her flip what was left of my dirty, soiled
  underwear up over one of the clothes lines, then heard the clank of the shears
  on the washer or dryer. I heard her go upstairs and flick off the light, locking
  me in.  
In the basement's heat the water about me quickly evaporated except for the
  little area under my ass. I tried to rise up to let that evaporate as well,
  but I was too tired already and couldn't hold position, falling back into the
  mud with a splat. I felt dirtier than I had before-  
Christy came downstairs several times as she did the laundry but ignored
  me for the most part despite my muffled screams. Over and over again I heard
  her pad down the stairs, humming as she put more clothes into the washer or
  dryer, seeing her hands above the partitions as she hung things on the lines.
  It was a couple hours before the final load finally stopped in the dryer and
  she came through the partition to check on me again. I blushed red with embarrassment
  as I was now bound and gagged and naked before her, squirming in the dirt and
  mud. She did not seem to care-  
"You okay?" she asked, and I nodded that I was. It was embarrassing, but
  I was still fine, really, despite the dirt.  
"Thirsty?" she asked, and I nodded with a moan.  
"Dying of thirst?" she added and I thought about it, then shook my head.
  I was not dying yet.  
"Okay. Try and hold on as long as you can," she said as she took a drink
  from a water bottle and sighed, licking her lips. "It's hot down here, and
  humid, but you're tough, right? You can take it." I looked longingly as she
  pushed the stopper back on her bottle and just let it dangle at her side. I
  nodded again-  
"Good," she smiled and turned away, vanishing from sight.  
I don't know how much time passed before she visited me again&hellip;  
***  
It was dark in the cellar when Christy paid me another visit. The sun had
  moved well past the windows so I knew it had to be late. I had dozed off and
  on in the hours aching and moaning, wishing for water. I should have said I
  had been dying before- I was now. I flinched as I heard the door open at the
  top of the stairs and the light came on. I heard my sister padding down the
  stairs. She appeared dressed in a long football jersey, her hair wild and she
  was wearing an old pair of sports sandals that she generally used as slippers.
  She looked ready for bed as she came to me and checked my bonds again-  
"No word from your mother yet," she said as she checked the binding rope
  and duct tape lashing me to the pole. She tightened the bondage as best she
  could then strolled about in front of me again, planting her foot on my enraged
  penis. We had never played with me totally naked before, but she was taking
  it in stride despite my own embarrassment and excitement-  
"You okay?" she asked as she rubbed her foot about my crotch getting me excited.
  I moaned into my gag telling her that I needed water, but she either didn't
  understand or chose to ignore me.  
"I'm not letting you go," she said, pressing down on my stiff dick with the
  rubber sole of her sandal. I was in agony and ecstasy all at once. "Soon as
  your mother accedes to my demands I'll release you, but not a minute before.
  I don't think a thousand dollars is too much, the letter 'M' stricken from
  the alphabet, get away car&hellip;" she chuckled-  
"Get away car&hellip;"  
Christy pressed down with her foot, all of her weight on my crotch and I
  screamed in pain. She kept up the pressure for a few moments then finally relented,
  putting her foot back to the ground. "You're doing good, boy," she said as
  she walked back to the dividers. "One day down. I'm going to bed. Sing out
  if you need anything."  
Christy chuckled as she moved out of sight and climbed the stairs. I was
  screaming into my gag but she ignored me, shutting off the light and closing
  the door, locking it. I heard her walking about overhead for a bit, then all
  went quiet. She had gone to bed.  
Her nice, soft bed&hellip;  
I moaned, pulling at my bonds. This was not as I'd imagined it would be.
  Christy had a cruel dark side and knew too well just how to make me squirm.
  I was totally helpless and at her mercy, a captive until she chose otherwise.
  It was boring without her right there, and uncomfortable sitting in the mud,
  lashed to the pole behind me.  
It was a long sleepless night&hellip;  
WEDNESDAY:  
I woke again and again all through the night.  
I woke in pain&hellip;  
I woke trying to catch my breath&hellip;  
I woke as my penis throbbed again, some dream vanishing from thought as I
  pissed myself and shot come over my bound legs.  
I moaned into my gag and fell asleep again. A fitful, unrestive sleep that
  just seemed to drag on and on&hellip;  
And on&hellip;  
I jerked awake again to hear the upper door opening. I looked about, totally
  lost and trying to remember where I was and what was happening. I recalled
  shortly that Christy- my sister- had kidnapped me and bound me to the support
  pole in the cellar, and that I was fine with that. I had encouraged it actually,
  little knowing what would happen. It was all a game to us- to both of us. At
  least it started out that way&hellip;  
Christy stepped through the dividers and stood there looking hot as she looked
  me over. She was dressed in her long football jersey and sports sandals, her
  long brown hair in disarray about her shoulders as she considered me while
  eating a banana. She smiled and stepped forward, casually checking my bonds
  again-  
"You okay?" she asked as she chewed about the banana, swallowing. I moaned
  into my gag but she ignored me, putting her foot on my thigh as she ate, looking
  down at me with mock concern-  
"That doesn't look very comfortable," she remarked as she rubbed her sandaled
  foot over my leg. I moaned and squirmed at her touch. I needed water. She finished
  the banana and tossed the peel to the dirty cellar floor right beside me. "Long
  as you're okay, I'm gonna do a bit of cleaning upstairs. Mom'll be pissed if
  she comes home to a sty."  
Christy smiled and turned, strolling away and back upstairs. I cried into
  my gag that I needed water and food. I had to take a piss again, and shit as
  well, but she ignored me shutting off the light and locking the door. I heard
  the vacuum start up not too long after&hellip;  
I had no idea as to the time. I saw that the sun was already in the basement
  windows and it was starting to get warm so it had to be midmorning Tuesday
  I tried to recall. Mom had left on Sunday, so it had to be Tuesday now. Day
  two of my captivity, my kidnapping. I moaned, squirming in the dirt and tugging
  at my bonds again, uselessly.  
The mud had dried under me but sometime during the night I had done Number
  Two and was now sitting in my own feces, my piss. I had had another wet dream
  as well, and my bound legs stretched out before me were sticky with my cum.
  I was dirty, filthy with sweat and starting to smell in the heat. This was
  nothing as I had imagined it would be-  
I had imagined a constant state of excitement being bound and gagged for
  days on end but in truth it was boring as all hell- except for those times
  when my sister came downstairs for a visit. There was nothing to do really;
  count things, hum songs, watch the sun run its course. Occasionally there would
  be a fly or an ant, a cockroach to capture my attention for awhile. I saw the
  basement mice once or twice as they came out and nibbled on the decaying banana
  peel that Christy had dropped earlier. I hated mice though and caused enough
  ruckus to drive them back to their hole, at least for a little while.  
I imagined that it was about noon when I heard the basement door unlock again
  and Christy came back downstairs. She flicked on the light and I could hear
  the sound of her thongs flopping on the steps, across the concrete beyond the
  dividers and finally over the packed dirt as she stepped into view. She was
  dressed in flare leg blue jeans now, the frayed hems almost hiding her pretty
  feet and thongs. She had on a tee shirt, her sandy hair tied back in a tail
  and her sunglasses perched atop her head. She had a bag slung over her shoulder,
  which she let fall to the floor as she approached me and checked my bonds again-
  as though anything had changed.  
"I spoke to your mother," she said as I felt her picking at the knots binding
  me to the support column. I could feel the ropes loosening as she undid the
  weave of rope lashed about my body. "I told her that I had kidnapped you and
  had you tied up in the basement, but she didn't seem to care." Christy undid
  the leash wrapped about the pole and I almost fell forward with the limited
  freedom-  
"Phew&hellip;" she said, wrinkling her nose and waving at the air. "God,
  you stink."  
"Mmmn&hellip;" I said, moaning into my gag as I fell to my side in the dirt
  at her feet.  
"Oh, God&hellip;" she said, realizing that I had pooped all over myself.
  She clucked her tongue then trotted away for a time, beyond the dividers while
  I stretched and flexed. I heard the water running in the sink. She came back
  with the full bucket and dumped it over me, cleansing the mess I had made.
  She set the bucket aside and squatted down beside me, running a soft hand over
  my bound form-  
"You need to be punished for this," she said and I moaned into my gag, shaking
  my head 'no'.  
"Yes&hellip;" she hissed, rolling me onto my stomach and grabbing the ropes
  that held my ankles together. She grunted, pulling my legs and folding them
  up and over until my heels were touching my hands. I felt her wrapping rope
  about my ankles again, lacing it through the tape that still held my wrists
  together, knotting and binding until I could barely move. She had hog-tied
  me, leaving me lying in the dirt with my face just a few inches from the mess
  I had made-  
"Your mother doesn't seem to want to pay your ransom," she said as she started
  to pick at the tape surrounding my face. "Too bad for you, boy, because every
  time she says no, I figure I have to take out my frustrations on you." Christy
  started to unwrap the duct tape from my head and within a few painful seconds
  she had ripped it all away from my skin. I lay there in the dirt and mud, gasping
  for breath as she held a water bottle with a straw to my lips-  
"Drink&hellip;" she said, and I did. After a bit she pulled it away and I
  strained after it, whining and begging as she pushed the stopper in and set
  it aside-  
"You've had enough, boy. Time for a new gag-"  
With that Christy produced a bit of wadded up cloth and told me to open my
  mouth. I was defiant- that's the way the game went, but she just grabbed my
  nose as I pressed my lips together and all too soon I was gasping for breath
  as she shoved the wadded material into my mouth. It did not take me too long
  to realize that the material was the scraps of my cut-up boxers still crusty
  with piss and cum. She poked them in deep, then started to wrap my face in
  duct tape again-  
Within seconds I was thoroughly gagged again and Christy stood, dropping
  the roll of duct tape back into her bag. She stood there towering over me,
  her pretty pink painted toes just an inch from my face. I writhed and squirmed,
  testing my new bonds and she just giggled, knowing that I could not get free-  
"I'm going to the Mall for awhile," she said matter of factly. I felt her
  foot on my back, pressing down. "Me and Glenda are going to do some shopping,
  hang out for awhile, maybe get something to eat. You be good while I'm gone,
  and maybe I'll bring you a treat," she laughed, rubbing the sole of her thong
  across my back. I moaned, writhing at her touch but all too soon she stepped
  off of me, scooped up her bag and walked towards the dividers. I stared after
  her helplessly, realizing that she was going to leave me alone in the house.
  She glanced back, smiling, biting her lip. I could see that she was excited
  to look at me hog-tied there in the dirt-  
"Be good," she said with a wide grin, then stepped past the dividers, heading
  up the stairs. The light went out and I heard the locking bolt slide home.
  I was alone again&hellip;  
***  
The sun moved on, flashing through the tiny windows in the basement, beaming
  in on me as noon approached and passed me by. I watched with nothing better
  to do, squirming in my bondage, rolling about in the dirt and feces beneath
  me, testing my bonds. Christy knew her knots too well and I knew that there
  was no way that I would be getting free, but I had to try. That was the way
  the game worked.  
I don't know just how much time passed, but after what seemed hours of struggling
  I was still as fully bound as when this had all started. I sighed, moaning
  into my stifling gag as I laid my head forward into the dirt, defeated again.
  Christy's hog-tie was far too good and secure for me to wiggle out of. Worse,
  after a time it started to hurt-  
I looked up at some point, hearing footsteps on the bit of cement up outside
  the basement windows. I moaned into my gag as I saw the shadowy blue pants
  of the mailman walking past my prison. I screamed to hear the mail box slam
  open and closed, a second later seeing those legs pass by the window again.
  I screamed again, but he did not stop, whistling some happy tune as he went
  about his rounds oblivious to my captivity&hellip;  
I planted my forehead in the dirt again listening as the mailman walked out
  of earshot. I had missed my chance, but I knew that he would be back tomorrow.
  I would be ready&hellip;  
It was growing dark again when I heard a car pull into the driveway. I knew
  that it had to be Christy coming home from the Mall, but as I craned my neck,
  watching and listening I heard another female voice. I saw shadowy legs pass
  by the basement windows, four legs at least. I strained to listen as the front
  door to the house was unlocked and the voices and legs moved inside. I heard
  them walking about overhead for a time, but they finally settled down. I heard
  the TV and the stereo come on, muted sounds of music seeping through the floor.
  I writhed in my bonds, wanting to be free.  
The music plated on for some time as I lay there face down in the dirt. I
  heard movement occasionally upstairs, feet thumping across the floor, the TV
  growing louder and softer as the night progressed. Christy was obviously entertaining
  someone, and I couldn't help but wonder who it might be. She was being really
  bold having a friend over with me bound and gagged and helpless down in the
  basement. I hoped to hell that she wouldn't invite whoever it was down to see
  me. I hoped it was not Steve&hellip;  
I jerked awake to here the door unlatch overhead and the basement light click
  on. I craned my neck, but the dividers prevented me from seeing who was coming
  down the stairs- in turn blocking me from their sight. I lay there silently,
  holding my breath as I heard the soft footfalls padding down the old wooden
  steps-  
"Where is it Christy?" I heard a female voice call out, a voice I recognized.
  I shuddered, putting my forehead to the dirt, trying to hide. It was Christy's
  friend, Glenda.  
Christy and Glenda had been friends since grade school and I had known her
  as well almost as long. Glenda had grown into a Hippie type of girl, letting
  her long blonde hair go kinky and wild and always wearing baggy flared jeans
  with halter-tops and Birkenstocks. She was always willing to try something
  new it seemed, getting into trouble with the cops for her political beliefs
  and always espousing free sex types of views. I had had a big crush on her
  for the longest time, but she always scared me just a little too as I didn't
  think there was anything that would make her blink. I was wrong-  
"Look on the table by the pegboard on the wall," I heard my sister call out.
  She was directing her friend in my direction, knowingly I imagine, probably
  hoping to embarrass me at least. I looked up to see Glenda pass through the
  dividers, strolling casually towards the pegboard. She looked gorgeous, trim
  and thin in her raggedy blue jeans and a sports bra with a peasant's shirt
  draped loosely over her shoulders. She had her well-worn Birkenstocks on her
  feet like I figured.  
She did not even see me as she stepped up to the pegboard and picked up a
  roll of duct tape. I wondered briefly what they might want with that, but at
  that point Glenda turned, about to head back to the stairs. I heard her gasp
  and looked up to see her standing there staring at me, her pretty mouth open
  wide in an 'O', her arms slack at her sides. Her bright blue eyes were sparkling
  as she looked me over, not quite certain what to make of me, bound and gagged,
  hog-tied there in the dirt on the basement floor. Finally she stepped forward,
  tentatively, almost stumbling until she stood towering over me, her pretty
  toes wiggling right by my tape swathed face-  
"Christy&hellip;" she called out weakly as she stared down at me. "Christy!
  Get down here! NOW!"  
Glenda barely moved, seemed frozen as she raked her gaze up and down my body.
  She seemed fascinated now, the initial shock fading. I saw her lick her lips
  as I looked up and moaned into my gag for her to set me free, to help-  
"Mmmmn&hellip;" I said and I saw her mouth twitch, almost a smile. Then we
  both flinched to hear Christy thumping down the stairs and across the cement,
  her thongs flopping loudly as she stepped through the dividers. Glenda turned
  and I craned my neck to see her standing near my feet, her hands on her hips
  again as she glanced down at me, then to her friend.  
"I see you found my hostage," Christy said with a smirk, nudging my bare
  foot with the toe of her thong.  
"Hostage?" Glenda asked incredulously, staring down at me again. "What&hellip; You
  did this to him?"  
Christy nodded, "Mmmm-hmmn&hellip;"  
"And you didn't tell me?"  
My eyes went wide to hear that and I saw Glenda stare at me again almost
  voraciously. She licked her lips again, and I could see the slightest blush
  to her cheeks in the dim light but I could see her chest heaving as she tried
  to catch her breath from excitement. Her hand slid across her crotch, pressing
  slightly and I knew she was getting hot, ready to burst.  
I didn't understand at first, couldn't figure why she might expect Christy
  to tell her, but as she dropped to her knees in the dirt and stared even closer
  I realized. She was into it too. I could only imagine that while Christy was
  playing tie-up games with me that she must have been doing the same with her
  best friend. I had never known, never even suspected. All along I had thought
  Glenda was just really cute in a Hippie, retro kind of way, little knowing
  that she would probably have been more than willing to help make my dreams
  come true, had I simply asked.  
"I thought maybe he had done it to himself at first," Glenda said, her smooth
  hand gliding over the ropes that were wrapped about my legs. "Or you guys got
  robbed. I should have known. How long?"  
Christy was circling us now, like a great, sleek cat circling her prey. "I
  kidnapped him yesterday. I told his mother I wanted a ransom, but so far she
  doesn't want to pay up."  
Glenda giggled, "Cute," she said, her hand resting on my ass. It was soft
  and cool. "He looks hot like this. I've pictured him all tied up y'know?"  
"Not like this, I imagine," Christy snorted, placing her sandaled foot on
  the back of my head and forcing my face back into the dirt. I moaned as I fought
  her, failing of course, and I heard Glenda's coo of lust. "I know what you
  want."  
Glenda smirked, her hand kneading my butt cheek now as Christy rubbed the
  gritty sole of her flip flop across my cheek. I saw Glenda trying not to blatantly
  smile, biting her lower lip as she glanced up hopefully at my sister.  
"Could we?" she asked, and I saw Christy shrug lightly.  
"I don't see why not. He's my captive after all, what's he gonna do? If his
  'mommy' doesn't want him back, I figure we can have a little fun."  
"Cool!" Glenda almost squealed, her delight apparent. I had no idea just
  what they were talking about, but I knew it could not be good for me. I moaned
  as my sister pressed on my face a little harder, then lifted her foot off and
  started back towards the stairs.  
"Keep him company then," she said over her shoulder as she started back upstairs. "I'll
  be back in a minute. Take off the hog-tie if you want."  
Glenda could barely contain her glee as her fingers started picking at the
  knots and rope that held my ankles locked to my wrists. I could feel her fingers
  flying, deftly undoing the cord with little trouble at all. Within seconds
  I felt her grab my legs and ease them back to the dirty floor as I moaned in
  relief. She rubbed my legs a bit, trying to get the circulation going again
  I imagined, little realizing that her touch was making me hard. Before I had
  a chance to enjoy the feeling however I felt her weight as she straddled my
  back.  
She ran her fingers through my filthy hair, tousling it and pulling a bit,
  then drifted her touch down and about my face. She smoothed down the edges
  of the duct tape gag, scratching lightly with her long nails before cupping
  the palms of both hands over my gag. It was as though she was hand-gagging
  me in addition to the tape, and within seconds I realized that I could not
  draw a breath as her fingers pressed up against my nose, blocking my air. I
  squealed, starting to squirm and buck but she just laughed and pressed all
  the harder. I shook my head, but she had a good grip and I could not break
  her grasp-  
"This is so hot," she whispered leaning closer. I felt her long hair tickling
  my back as I writhed under her weight. "I could kill you now," she hissed,
  actually pinching my nostrils closed. My sight started to gray and dim. "But
  where's the fun in that?"  
She released my face and I sucked air through my nose as best I could as
  her hands started probing my body again. I felt her scoot back behind my butt
  and her fingers pried at my ass cheeks and I felt her fingernail scratching. "Still
  a virgin?" she asked with a giggle, slapping my ass as her hands quickly moved
  on. I felt her fingers at my ribs-  
"Ticklish?" Glenda started lightly scratching along my sides, her nails digging
  into my ribs as she started to tickle. I squirmed at first, but the giggles
  quickly came, turning into loud hissing laughs as I fought for breath. She
  was relentless and without mercy as tears started to flow from my eyes and
  my nose clogged with snot. I was bucking under her as I tried to gasp breath,
  but she kept on without let up-  
"Glenda!"  
I felt my tormentress actually jump at my sister's voice and thankfully she
  abruptly stopped her tickle torture. She was sweating, I could smell her now,
  and breathing as hard as I was, but she did not climb off of my back.  
"Easy, Glen," my sister said as she strolled up beside us and dropped her
  carryall bag on the dirt beside us. "Don't kill him, for god's sake. Mommy
  won't pay for a corpse." Both girls chuckled as Glenda finally climbed off
  of me. I was still heaving as I lay helpless at their feet, sweating bullets
  and trying to get comfortable on top of my enraged penis.  
"C'mon," Christy said, stooping down and flipping me onto my back before
  moving by my head and getting a grip under my shoulders. I saw her face twist
  in disgust as she felt my sweaty armpits. "Eeew," she grimaced, then, "Let's
  get him over on the other side. Grab his legs."  
Glenda complied, bending and getting a solid grip about my knees and together
  the two girls lifted me with a grunt of effort and carried me through the dividers.
  They dumped me none too gently onto the cement on the far side of the basement-
  ass first luckily. Glenda wiped sweat from her brow and frowned as she looked
  at me-  
"That's it?"  
Christy glanced at my crotch and smirked. "Yeah, kind'a disappointing, hunh?
  Near as I can tell that's as big as it gets. A fantastic four&hellip;" Both
  girls laughed as they mocked my penis. It was fully erect, but Christy was
  being generous saying that it was four inches long. I blushed, looking away
  from their leering faces, staring at their feet instead. I saw that Glenda
  had on a little silver toe ring on her second toe.  
"Undo his arms," Christy said after retrieving her bag and producing a coil
  of white nylon cord. I watched as she unwound it, then tossed one end over
  one of the stout rafters that criss-crossed the basement near the ceiling.
  Glenda was on her knees beside me again, her fingers picking the knots away
  and pulling at the last of the tape still binding my hands behind my back-  
"Love the collar," she said, her soft fingers slipping under the leather
  as she fingered the old dog collar that Christy had locked about my throat. "Maybe
  we can take him for a walk later," she giggled, and Christy joined in.  
"It was the simplest way to lock his head to the pole before. I like it too
  though, puts him in his place," she laughed and I started to steam. Glenda
  had my hands free but she was still holding my wrists crossed behind me. Still,
  even with my legs still bound this was the freest I had been in well over a
  day. I knew I might not get a better chance, so I took it.  
I struggled, flailing my arms until I writhed out of Glenda's grip. She yelped
  and backed away at my sudden fit of violence and that was all I needed. I didn't
  want to hurt them, but it was part of the game to try and get away. I wondered
  though if this was still a game.  
I never realized that I would ever be thankful for all of those squat-thrusts
  they made us do in Gym, but I did that and got my legs under me. They were
  screaming in pain at the sudden flurry of movement, but I ignored the agony
  as I reached out and shoved Glenda back. She toppled over as I planted my hands
  on the ground and squatted to my feet, standing on tottering, bound legs.  
Christy gasped and started at me, but I shoved her back as well, my hands
  pressing into her breasts and causing her to squeal as she stumbled and fell
  on her ass. By then I was hopping to the stairs as fast as I could. I had to
  get away- get free! I realized that this was turning for the worse now, with
  Glenda involved. They were planning to do things to me that I wanted no part
  of.  
I actually had my hands on the banister of the cellar stairs, in mid-hop
  to the first step when I felt the collar about my throat tighten sharply and
  I went sprawling backwards. I choked and gagged as I fell ass first onto the
  cement, gasping for breath as Glenda charged forward, the lead of my leash
  in her tight grip. I tried to rise as she stepped right up onto my prone body,
  quickly planting the sole of one Birkenstock in my throat, the other slamming
  into my stomach making me gasp again and almost gag. She jerked on the leash
  as I whined, drawing in the slack in loops about her fist-  
"Bad dog!" she shouted, grinding her heel into my Adam's Apple, causing me
  to choke. I reached up and grabbed at her leg, trying to throw her off of me,
  but I was too weak from lack of food and water over the last day and a half
  that I could not budge her. She jerked the leash again as Christy stepped up
  by my head-  
"You okay?" Glenda asked and Christy nodded, rubbing her ass as she stared
  daggers down at me. She kicked me hard in the shoulder-  
"You are so dead," she snarled, then to Glenda, "C'mon&hellip;"  
Together they dragged me back to where I had started my bid for freedom and
  dumped me back to the ground. Christy dropped onto my belly and grabbed one
  of the cords that had bound my wrists behind me and started to criss-cross
  the rope between my wrists again, this time in the front. After several turns
  and knots she grabbed at the dangling cord she had tossed over the rafters
  before and knotted that between my wrists again. She then got up-  
"Help me get him up," she said, taking the other end of the line with Glenda
  and together they started pulling, forcing me to stand. It was hard work on
  their part as I was not helping at all, but eventually they got me to my feet
  and kept pulling until my arms were stretched over my head, reaching for the
  rafters. Christy held that rope and told Glenda to undo my legs. Glenda was
  only too happy to comply.  
When my legs were totally free of rope they hoisted me even higher until
  I was standing on my toes, straining and in agony as my already abused muscles
  stretched in new ways. Christy held the rope taut as Glenda tied it off, in
  the end leaving me stretching for the ceiling and standing on tiptoe.  
I moaned at this new form of torture as they both stepped back to enjoy their
  handiwork. I squirmed and stretched, trying to reach unreachable knots while
  trying my best to ease the strain on my arms and shoulders. I was at my limits
  though, and I knew that I could not escape as Christy knew her knots well and
  how to tie them just tantalizingly out of reach. I moaned again, staring at
  the two girls who were grinning widely at my helplessness.  
"God he's hot," Glenda said, her hand drifting to her crotch again. "I love
  the way he squirms and moans. Can we dress him up now?"  
"Not yet," Christy said as she strolled out of sight back to the far side
  of the cellar, still talking. I heard some strange noises as she rummaged about
  in the junk piled up at the wall. "My little hostage needs to learn his place," she
  said from out of sight. I heard a whooshing noise, but could not imagine&hellip;  
"He's overstepped the bounds, the rules of the game," she said stepping back
  through the dividers. I saw that she was carrying two long, thin rods that
  had once been planted in pots outside when our mother had tried to grow some
  tomato plants. They were painted a dark green, thin and flexible and long. "I've
  never hurt him yet, but he attacked us. He needs some discipline I think.  
Christy sauntered forward and handed one of the thin bamboo sticks to Glenda.
  My sister's friend looked as though she might orgasm then and there as she
  started waving the rod through the air, swishing it with all the force she
  could muster. She was grinning widely, biting her lower lip as she eyed me.
  Christy just looked pissed-  
"Nnnn&hellip;" I moaned into my gag as I writhed in my bonds. They were going
  to beat me, whip me! Christy was kicking our game up another notch, and though
  I had fantasized about getting a spanking at her hand before, I knew that this
  was going to hurt.  
Christy swished the thin flexible rod through the air a few times as she
  circled me, testing it. I felt her fingers tracing lines on my back, her nails
  scratching my belly lightly as she strolled around in front of me again. "Ten
  I think," she said with a smirk, "from both of us. For now at least."  
Christy stepped behind me again as Glenda stepped before me. She wanted a
  good view of my face as I writhed with every blow. I heard the wind whistle
  a few times as Christy got the feel of the implement. I winced, cringing at
  the sound and the breeze so close to my exposed ass. I whined into my gag,
  begging her to change her mind, apologizing-  
WHACK!  
I leaped forward in my bonds, actually swinging for a quick moment until
  I found my feet again. The pain was intense, like nothing I had ever imagined.
  I screamed and she hit me again, laying a stripe over my ass-  
WHACK!  
The bamboo bit deep, burning my ass with another vivid stripe. I screamed
  again and tried to scramble forward, trying to get out of reach of my sister
  and her weapon. Glenda laughed and stepped before me, pushing me back in place-  
WHACK-WHACK-WHACK!  
Tears were streaming down my face now as I screamed and squealed into my
  gag. It hurt! It hurt worse than anything I could remember short of the Dentist
  drilling away into my teeth. It was agony, but for some reason I could feel
  my penis growing again-  
WHACK!  
WHACK!  
Christy paused then, strolling around in front of me once more. I could see
  that she was sweating, and more than a little hot as she circled, pausing,
  looking me over.  
"He likes it," Glenda said, staring at my dick.  
"Figured he would," Christy agreed as she flicked the tip of her rod across
  the head of my prick. I squealed like a pig as they laughed.  
Christy whipped off two more quick blows before I knew what had happened.
  I was twisting in my bonds, almost spinning as I tried to get my footing again
  and my sister laid one more vivid stripe across my ass-  
Whack!  
I screamed, sagging forward. That was ten, and I had survived my sister's
  assault. I looked up through bleary eyes as I saw Glenda swishing her rod through
  the air, getting the rhythm. It was her turn-  
Where my sister was all finesse, laying on my whipping with an evil authority,
  Glenda was all about the pain. She walked right behind me and laid on five
  quick blows that had me writhing in my tethers. I squealed and squirmed at
  her blows, twirling about as I tried to touch ground and she just kept hitting
  me. My eyes met hers at one point and I could see an almost fanatical glee
  staring back at me. She was loving this-  
WHAP!  
Glenda brought the rod down on the back of my thigh, then the other&hellip;  
WHAP!  
She whipped right down the crack of my ass&hellip;  
She let me spin about and slapped the rod across my penis, which sent me
  writhing in a new form of pain.  
She hesitated, pausing before her last blow whipped across both my butt cheeks.
  I leaped forward at the pain, my legs falling out beneath me as I hung there,
  my wrists in agony as well as the cord bit deep under my weight. I swayed and
  twirled as she strolled about me, admiring her handiwork. Through teary eyes
  I saw her lay her switch atop the washer as she pulled her peasant shirt up
  and over her head, revealing the sports bra beneath. I was hard as a rock,
  harder to see her as she pulled her sweaty hair back into a tail tied off with
  a rubber band.  
I hung there, moaning in agony as the two girls stared at me with huge grins,
  enjoying my pain. Christy finally laid her rod aside and went back to her bag.
  Glenda seemed disappointed-  
"More?" she asked, but Christy shook her head.  
"Tomorrow maybe. Don't worry, he'll fuck up again. He's my brother&hellip;"  
That seemed to say it all&hellip;  
***  
I watched as Christy pulled bits of clothing from her carryall, moaning as
  I realized what they were up to now. Christy had stuffed several items of female
  clothing into her bag and as she drew out each one she held them up both for
  myself and Glenda. Glenda seemed much more excited than I was.  
Christy held up a training bra in front of me with a smile. It was of a gold,
  satiny material and I saw that she could attach it with a series of snaps and
  buckles without taking me out of my bondage-  
"It's darling," Glenda said with a smile as she held up a pair of matching
  panties. They looked way too small to fit me, but Glenda seemed confident as
  she crouched down in front of me and started working them up my legs. Christy
  moved behind me to attach the bra, which seemed to stretch tightly about my
  miniscule breasts as she tugged the straps to their tightest.  
"Lucky his hair's so fine on his body. I'd hate to have to shave him," Christy
  commented as she hooked the bra in place then stepped in front of me to adjust
  the breasts.  
"I like hairy guys though," Glenda said as she jerked the panties up my legs
  and pulled at the elastic until she was satisfied. "and girls&hellip;" They
  laughed at that.  
Christy went back to her bag and handed Glenda a short leather-like skirt
  dyed pink. Glenda gushed as she took it and forced me to step into it, pulling
  the thing up my hips then forcing the zipper up. It was tight.  
"Nice," she said, then oohed as Christy produced a pair of flat black Mary
  Jane's from the bag. "God," she said as she took one of the shoes from my sister, "I
  wondered why you bought these things. They're so ugly- little girl shoes&hellip;"  
"Now you know," Christy mused as she crouched down and forced my left foot
  into the tight shoe. As she buckled the strap I felt Glenda guiding my right
  foot into the other. Within seconds my feet were in tight leather agony as
  I strained to take the weight off of my cramped toes. The two girls stood and
  stepped back-  
"God, he's hot," Glenda gasped looking me over head to toe. "He's prettier
  than me."  
"He makes a good little girl," Christy agreed, crouching down at her bag
  again, "but you've got that tall model's body to die for, Glen. Don't sell
  yourself short." I saw Christy stand and hold up her digital camera. There
  was a flash of light-  
FLASH!  
FLASH! 
   
  FLASH!   
Christy circled me taking pictures of me in my girl clothes. Occasionally
  Glenda would step into frame, grabbing my face or tit or crotch, never getting
  her face in the shot. I imagine Christy filled a disk of pictures before she
  put the camera away again.  
"I'll download these tonight, add 'em to the site with the others-"  
"Others?" Glenda said as she adjusted my bra.  
"From the other day, after I had Steve help me tie him up."  
"You never told me that!" Glenda squealed in excitement. "Give, girl!" Christy
  laughed, standing and draping her bag over her shoulder.  
"Sure, Glen. It all started when he cursed me out," Christy began, starting
  up the stairs. Glenda took a final glance before she started up the stairs
  after her friend. I watched, listening as Christy told her story until the
  basement light went out and I heard the bolt slide home in the door upstairs.
  I sagged&hellip;  
I was hanging by my wrists from the rafters in the basement, bound and gagged.
  I was dressed in a bra and panties, a short leather skirt and Mary Jane shoes.
  Glenda said I was beautiful- hot. My ass and legs were burning from the whipping
  I had received from my sister and her best friend. I was dressed as a girl,
  a damsel in distress, and a captive until they chose to let me free again.  
That would be never, days away&hellip;  
I started to cry&hellip;  
***  
I did not exactly fall asleep, but I must have passed out. Lack of food or
  water, the strain in my arms and toes, I don't know. I had tried, as there
  was little else to do except hang there in the cellar like an old bag of rags,
  but every time I managed to slump the inch or so in my slack my shoulders started
  to ache and my wrists started to throb. My hands were already numb, and if
  I strained up on my toes then my feet started to hurt in the tight girl's shoes
  that my captors had strapped onto my feet and my calves started to give way
  to cramps.  
My ass and the back of my legs were still burning and throbbing after the
  switching I had received. Twenty harsh stripes blazed on my backside; welts
  rising vividly I'm sure. The constant pain drilled into my backside and my
  brain; made all the worse if I shifted ever so slightly. Sleep was impossible,
  so as I said I must have passed out at some point-  
I jerked awake as the overhead light came on in the basement. Immediately
  the pain renewed at my fitful movements and I started dancing around trying
  to ease the agony as it shifted from wrists to calves, toes to shoulders. My
  butt seemed to be throbbing as I craned my neck, my eyes growing wide to see
  Glenda padding down the old wooden steps.  
I had not expected to see her in the middle of the night- as I knew it was
  by the lack of light coming through the basement windows. She was dressed in
  a football jersey and her Birkenstocks, the prior looking like one my sister
  might wear to bed and I realized by her appearance, her flushed skin and wild
  hair that she must be spending the night. She was staring at me as she eased
  slowly down the stairs, chewing on her lower lip with a half smile and a dreamy
  look in her eyes. She stopped at the foot of the stairs and just stood there
  watching me for a bit, licking her lips, occasionally glancing back up the
  stairway towards the basement door.  
Finally she stepped forward, right up to me and reached out tentatively,
  her soft cool hand brushing across my exposed belly and making me tense and
  cringe. Her touch was electric as she skimmed her sharp nails over my skin
  and I danced from foot to foot, whining into my gag-  
"You are so hot like this, Billy," she whispered, her fingers snaking up
  under the bra that my sister had strapped onto me. I felt her nails flicking
  at my nipples, making them hard. It felt fantastic and I whimpered, wanting
  her to stop- wanting her to do more. It was not fair.  
"You like that, don't you?" she cooed, taking a nipple between her thumb
  and forefinger and giving it a tiny squeeze that sent me writhing. She giggled,
  increasing the pressure and joining in with the other nipple as I danced for
  her like a marionette. Her hands drifted down, running softly along my ribs
  and sides, along my hips-  
"You're beautiful," she hissed, leaning in close, her breath sweet and minty.
  She licked at my ear. "A beautiful girl," she said, her voice growing deep
  and husky as she traced her tongue down to my neck, her hands still stroking
  my sides. She started licking and kissing me about the throat, her warm body
  pressing closer as she drew me into her grip. I felt my penis growing again
  as I tiptoed forward in my tether, pressing up against her crotch. She started
  sliding up and down as she dug her nails into my ass, still kissing my throat.  
She dropped to her knees suddenly, her hands trickling down until her fingers
  snaked into the elastic of my panties. She tugged lightly, pulling down my
  underwear until my dick popped free and bobbed right in her face. She laughed
  at that, looking up at me with wild eyes of wonder before she licked her lips
  again and eased her head forward.  
I felt her hot, soft lips as they closed about my penis, her tongue already
  whipping about the head of my dick as it was lost within her mouth. It was
  hot and moist, and her tongue felt wonderfully strange as it circled about
  my dick, sliding along my short shaft as she sucked. I felt her teeth scraping
  my soft skin, nibbling as she moved her head forward and back. She giggled
  as her face pushed into the slight bush surrounding my groin, and I felt her
  tongue as she spit hairs.  
I was not so na&iuml;ve to know that she was giving me one hellacious blowjob.
  It was my second actually, though the first was nothing to brag about and I
  have actually tried to forget it ever happened. It was at a school dance, which
  my mother had all but ordered I should attend in order to develop a social
  life. Grudgingly I had asked a few girls to go, and only got laughed at a few
  times for my efforts. This was the second year of Junior High, so I was still
  considered fairly cute- if soft, and eventually I found a girl that smiled
  and said yes.  
Her name was Beth, and she was a mousy kind of girl that had a social life
  just a few rungs above mine. She was cute but thin and wore some thick glasses
  and straight brown hair parted down the middle. Still, she was nice, if not
  quiet, and I had been looking to a pleasant evening; a few dances, some small
  talk, etc. She floored me when out of the blue she said she wanted to 'see'
  it.  
I had gasped and stuttered and stared for a bit, but eventually we left the
  Gym and found a quiet corner where we traded secrets. I saw hers, she saw mine.
  She said that she was worried about intercourse without protection so that
  was out of the question, but she said she'd blow me if I licked her out. It
  was her first time too, I assumed, but I got to go first. I loved it as she
  settled against the wall and hiked her denim skirt, lowered her cotton panties,
  which were lacy black by the way. I got down on my knees before her without
  a bit of hesitation, thinking that was what kids did. It was great, I had to
  admit, as she was clean and fresh and smelled wonderful. I licked my heart
  out as she slammed back against the lockers, her hands gripped in my hair and
  moaning so loudly that I was sure we would get caught. It didn't take too long
  before she screamed and pushed me to the floor at her feet. We were both panting
  and sweating, but she looked to be in heaven for a time as I stared at her
  black leather boots as I picked pubic hair off my tongue.  
Finally we traded positions, me with my back to the wall and her on her knees
  in front of my open fly. I could tell she was a bit disappointed as she pulled
  my tiny cock out and rubbed it between her fingers, but a deal was a deal and
  she finally leaned forward. Lightning shot through me as her lips brushed the
  head, her tongue slobbering about the shaft. I tensed and started moaning,
  feeling the cum building quickly as she sucked. As I was about to burst I felt
  her back away, standing up and not wanting to take in the cum. She scampered
  backwards as I throbbed, but she was too slow and my penis exploded, my orgasm
  spewing out in a great glob that splattered on the leather of her black boots.
  I moaned and she twisted her face in disgust-  
"Eeew gross," she sneered, watching as I spent my load, my back against the
  lockers, my eyes clenched shut in ecstasy. After a time I fell to my knees
  and started to take deep breaths. I opened my eyes and saw her standing there
  before me looking flustered and embarrassed with my cum dripping down her boots,
  puddling at her feet. I had cum in like ten seconds, so she was looking a little
  disappointed as well.  
"You have a handkerchief?" she had asked, and I barely heard her. I had licked
  Christy's feet by that point, so I thought nothing of bowing down and cleaning
  up the mess I had made. I fell forward and eased my head towards the toe of
  her boot and started licking. She gasped in shock and started to back away,
  but then just as abruptly she hesitated. Her foot slid forward as I licked
  the leather clean, then she shoved the other one under my face.  
It took just a minute or so, and when I looked up hopefully I saw her staring
  at me with a queer look. Beth seemed to stare at me for a moment, then her
  foot shot out and slammed into my balls. I screamed at the sudden pain and
  fell face first onto the dirty tiled floors of the hallway, clutching my crotch
  and gasping for breath-  
"Pervert!" she shouted as she started to back away. "Fucking sicko!" Beth
  turned and ran as I rolled about in the empty hall, her heels clacking, fading
  into the distance. I heard a blast of music as she slammed back into the dance,
  the doors echoing as they shut behind her with a definite finality.  
I was dateless ever afterwards of course. Word spread around the school like
  wild fire that I was a cock-sucking fag that liked to lick feet. Girls used
  to wiggle their toes at me in class, or kick their legs, twirling their feet.
  I heard their whispers, and their guys beat me up more than once. Oddly, I
  liked the attention the girls gave me, even though it was mocking and taunting-
  teasing. I hated to get beat up of course, but what are you gonna do?  
I blinked as Glenda pulled back with a huge grin. She licked her lips as
  my cock bobbed and jittered but did not quite cum. She had stopped just in
  time to leave me wanting and I moaned in a new form of agony as she smiled
  up at me.  
"Nnnnhh&hellip;" I moaned into my gag trying desperately to rub my legs together
  and get off. Glenda chuckled and scooted back a bit before rising gracefully
  to her feet. She reached out and gave my nipples another painful pinch before
  tugging my bra back down.  
"That was great," she said breathlessly. "This is great!" she raked her nails
  hard down my sides and laughed as I writhed in my bonds, screaming in agony.  
"We'll do more Billy, but later," she whispered as she leaned in and kissed
  me on the forehead. Then she backed away. "I can't wait."  
I moaned as she turned her back to me and strolled back up the stairs. I
  thrashed in my bonds as my swelling went down and I felt used and unfulfilled.
  She had played me and left me wanting. She glanced back a final time as she
  stood in the doorway, blowing me a quick kiss. More to come.  
Then she shut off the light and locked the door behind her.  
I remained wide awake and in frustrated agony the rest of the night, needless
  to say&hellip;  
THURSDAY:  
I saw the sun rise. I was in a daze from lack of sleep, and water and food.
  The pain was constant where I had not gone numb and every time I moved another
  part of my body was stabbed with aching agony as my muscles strained to do
  as I asked.  
I kept staring hopefully at the door, hoping that Christy or Glenda would
  come down stairs again and give me just a little water to quench my thirst.
  My tongue felt swollen and the cut up bits of my boxer shorts were soaking
  up what little spit that came. My throat felt clogged and aflame, burning with
  every breath. My head was pounding, my shoulders ached, and my feet throbbed
  in the tight confines of the leather girly shoes forced onto my feet.  
The only sense left to me there in the glare of the rising sun was the sense
  of smell and that was blotted with the odors that were rising off of me. It
  was hot and humid in my basement prison cell, and I had been sweating and mostly
  unwashed for two days now. I was starting to reek, and that made me gag on
  my gag.  
It was nothing like I ever envisioned it would be. The reality of being tied-
  bound and gagged and at the mercy of beautiful girls was more hell than heaven.
  It hurt, and time and again I was left wanting in those brief moments when
  it was exciting and sexual. I had been beaten and bound, but worse than all
  of that was that I had been ignored. The girls left me totally alone for hours
  on end while they went about their lives, and they did not seem to care. Christy,
  my own sister seemed to relish it in fact. It was horrible to hear them walking
  about just above my head uncaring that I was in agony just under their feet.
  To hear them laughing&hellip;  
I blinked and the sun had moved. It had to be nine in the morning at least
  by the position of the sun when I heard the girls moving about upstairs again,
  awake. They had slept late I noted, a summer luxury that I did not share. At
  one point I heard the television come on blaring loud enough for me to hear
  the noise but not the words. Not long after I heard the toilet and realized
  that I had to go again- though I had no idea where it was coming from. I heard
  the shower start up and muffled music. Laughter&hellip;  
I jerked and opened my eyes to hear the front door slam shut. I listened
  intently and soon heard the slap of flip-flops on cement and soft skin as the
  two girls walked past the short row of windows showing into the basement. Standing
  on tiptoe as I now was I could just see their legs as they passed, heading
  for the car in the driveway.  
I heard them laughing and talking as the car doors were unlocked, opened
  and closed. Seconds later the engine started and revved and finally the car
  rolled away, speeding down the street beyond with a slight squeal of tires.
  For some strange reason I felt myself getting hard again.  
They had left me totally alone once more, uncaring that I was dying of hunger,
  thirst and pain. They apparently did not care if the house caught fire, or
  if we were robbed. They did not care if the Gasman came to read the meter,
  or if the mailman happened to drop a letter as he passed, bent low and saw
  me. I was totally, tightly their prisoner. Their 'hostage' my sister said.
  I was nothing but a toy to them now that they would throw away once they had
  broken me.  
I was already bending to my limits&hellip;  
***  
I woke with a start to hear the car's tires squeal again as it pulled into
  the driveway. Coming awake I heard the engine rev and die, followed shortly
  by the doors slamming shut. I looked to the window and saw the legs of the
  girls as they passed, heading to the front door of the house. In moments I
  could hear them stomping about overhead and overly loud, no doubt for my benefit.  
The sun had moved, but I had no idea how long I had slept or how long they
  had been gone. It was starting to get warm in the cellar again, so I imagined
  that it was approaching noon. I was sweating, but still I started to struggle
  again, trying to reach the unreachable knots that held me tight to the pipe
  and rafters over my head. I accomplished nothing except making my shoulders
  start to ache even more, and my toes still supporting most of my weight and
  crammed into the tiny Mary Jane shoes.  
I was done and willing to admit it. The game my sister and I played so often
  had stopped being fun- had stopped being a game to me. I was her prisoner,
  mind, body and soul and I would have promised her anything to be set free at
  that point. The thing was however, I don't think that by then she even cared
  anymore.  
It was probably an hour before I heard the lock on the upper door open followed
  by the hushed whispers of Christy and her best friend as they descended the
  creaking stairs. I looked at them as they came into view and both were dressed
  for summer again. Glenda was wearing an over-sized tee shirt that did little
  for her slim figure and a pair of blue leather thong sandals that accentuated
  her long legs and the denim cut-offs she wore. Her hair was pulled back into
  a fluffy tail that she had over her shoulder as she played with the ends with
  one hand. She carried a shopping bag in the other. Christy was dressed almost
  the same, except she wore a pair of black Adidas shell toe tennis shoes with
  white stripes and her hair was loose at her shoulders. She was carrying a McDonald's
  bag and as Glenda went to the sink by the washer, Christy set the bag on her
  chair and pulled out one of the Styrofoam containers. She looked at me with
  a mischievous grin-  
"It's been awhile since you've eaten," she said opening the container. "Sorry
  about that, but I've been a little busy- ransom notes to write and all. You
  understand&hellip;"  
Christy stepped right up in front of me and showed me the contents of the
  container. It was eggs I assumed, but they looked soggy and mushed. Christy
  took a long whiff, "Mmmmn&hellip;" she said before she upended the slop on
  the floor between us. I stared at the eggs and despite the horrible look and
  appearance my stomach started to growl. I heard Glenda's giggle as she stepped
  up-  
"She sounds hungry," My sister's friend joked as she squatted down and placed
  a small Styrofoam container of water beside the pile of sloppy eggs.  
"Probably thirsty too," Christy laughed as she sat in her chair and Glenda
  started to untie my cord from where it was tied off behind me. "I'm not a very
  good kidnapper I guess. Can't take care of one little captive. Guess I better
  not have any kids, hunh?" Glenda laughed as I fell hard to my knees almost
  face first into the egg slop. She bent over me and undid my gag. I looked up
  at my sister but she was sitting in her chair, her legs crossed and her foot
  bobbing before my face. I saw Glenda hop up onto the washer and cross her legs
  as well. Both were watching me intently. My sister thumped me in the forehead
  with the toe of her sneaker-  
"Well," she asked, giving me a dirty look. "Eat up. You need your vitamins." They
  laughed.  
I bent forward and immediately lapped at the water. It was warm and brackish,
  but I was so thirsty that I did not care. After I had almost drained the makeshift
  bowl I shifted position slightly and started in on the eggs. I was so hungry
  they could have been resting inside my sister's foulest shoes and I still would
  have eaten them all. I was beyond caring, though I had to admit that I did
  flush with embarrassment having to eat my food like a dog from the floor at
  their feet. They both loved it.  
My face was filthy when I finished the cold and slimy eggs and I quickly
  lapped up the rest of the water to wash it down before Christy leaned in and
  scooped up the container. Breakfast was over apparently as she handed the garbage
  to Glenda to toss.  
"I called your mother today," Christy said as she stood up over me. "She
  says she can't pay the ransom I've asked, so I decided to give her a few more
  days. We'll have to make some changes though. I'm not gonna wait on you hand
  and foot waiting for Mommy to call, so you're going to have to earn your keep
  from now on." I looked up at my sister wondering what she had in mind now,
  but then I saw Glenda digging into her shopping bag.  
She pulled out a long, straight gray dress and I knew immediately what was
  coming. Christy had decided to kick her dominance of me up a notch, no longer
  simply satisfied with me being tied up and at her mercy. I was going to be
  her servant- her maid.  
The two girls hauled me to my feet and while Christy held my arms Glenda
  undid the ropes wrapped about my wrists. When I was free of my bonds they allowed
  me a moment to rub my wrists before ordering me to bend over as they slipped
  the gray dress over my arms and head. When I stood straight again they tugged
  it in to place and Glenda then pulled my hair back and tied it into a tail.
  She then produced a pair of handcuffs from her shopping bag-  
"Nooo&hellip;"  
I started to balk, but Christy simply slapped me across the face. I was so
  shocked! She had never outright slapped me before, except for that time just
  days ago when we had argued. I stood stunned and held out my wrists allowing
  Glenda to ratchet the manacles about my wrists. In seconds I was trapped again.
  Christy laughed-  
"Very nice," she chuckled grabbing the links and dragging me behind. "Very
  pretty. Upstairs is a mess. I want you to clean it up."  
"You said you'd take care of the chores," I said jogging along to keep up
  as my sister dragged me up the stairs with Glenda following right behind. Christy
  stopped at the top of the stairs and lovingly stroked my face-  
"I am," she smirked and yanked me along.  
She drug me into the kitchen, then let me loose throwing me to the floor.
  I looked about and saw that the sink was piled high with dishes, the stove
  stained with grease and scum. Everything was filthy, and it looked as though
  she had not done a bit of cleaning since she had taken me prisoner.  
"Clean the kitchen, maid. Earn your keep." She laughed. "Do a good job and
  I'll let you scrub the bathrooms."  
I moaned in frustration as the two young women walked out of the kitchen,
  leaving me to my task. It was a mess, and I would be at it for hours, and my
  only reward would be my being allowed to then do the bathroom. No doubt my
  punishment as well. I struggled to my feet and started in&hellip;  
***  
I was on my knees damp-mopping the kitchen floor with a sponge when I heard
  the clack of heels on the linoleum. I had done the dishes already and put them
  away, wiped down the countertops and all of the appliances like the stove and
  the refrigerator, dusted off the curtains and wiped down the windows. Throughout
  the girls had been in the living room watching television and just simply chatting.
  I could smell cigarette smoke, and several times I was called on to bring them
  beers or sodas depending on their mood. They both treated me as a maid- more
  like a slave I suppose. I could not imagine any maid waiting on the two young,
  sexy women as I was forced to do.  
I glanced up from my knees as Glenda strolled right across the kitchen floor
  where I was scrubbing. She walked right through the damp spot I was working
  at and I saw the imprint of her sandal in her wake as she went to the fridge,
  tossing two beer cans in the Recycle Bin then getting two more. We were running
  low quickly I noticed, and I wondered what would happen when we ran out completely,
  and what Mom would say when she found the refrigerator empty. Glenda shut the
  door and turned, looking down on me.  
"You call that clean?" she asked, just as Bonnie had in my dream from a couple
  nights before. She stepped up to where I knelt; her sandaled feet right before
  me, sliding side to side and smearing dirt on the tiled floor.  
"That's filthy," she said, rubbing at the dirt coming from the bottom of
  her sandals. "If I told Christy she'd come in here and beat your ass, but I
  won't, if&hellip;" She slid her foot forward-  
"Clean my shoe," she ordered, barely suppressing her giggles. I stared at
  her foot; her pretty toes and shining toe ring. I knew what she wanted, and
  what I wanted as I bent forward from the waist, on my knees and stuck out my
  tongue. I licked at her pretty feet, my tongue sliding over the worn leather
  of her sandals, brushing her soft flesh. I licked between her toes as she chuckled
  and I felt my cock getting hard again. I hated this, but I loved it as well.
  Finally she stepped back and I glanced up staring at her grinning face. She
  was biting her lower lip, trying not to laugh outright with her two beers pressed
  to her breasts. Her nipples were rock hard.  
"Better finish up, bitch," she commanded, finally strolling past. "You have
  a lot to do yet." And without another word Glenda strolled from the room tracking
  dirt through my work.  
I knelt there, breathing hard and flushed as I picked up the sponge again
  and set to my task. I started to scrub at her footprints, wiping at the dirty
  tiles in the floor. She was right I knew. I was a long way from done&hellip;  
***  
As promised I was allowed to scrub out the bathrooms when I was done, both
  the main bathroom as well as the half-bath in my Mother's room. I took my sponge
  and scrubbed at the tub and sink, making the metal and pseudo-porcelain shine.
  I polished the tiles, picked lint out of the carpets and mats. I wiped down
  the walls and mirrors and bent low into the toilets wiping away at the shit
  stains that had developed over the last few days. I guess I was lucky that
  Christy had let me use an actual sponge and cleanser.  
When the bathrooms were sparkling to Christy's approval I was then allowed
  to straighten up the living room. I dusted at first, polishing the furniture
  to a shine then broke out the vacuum and started it up. Both Christy and Glenda
  were annoyed at the noise and turned up the television. Christy was leaning
  back in the big leather recliner with her feet propped up on the rest. She
  had kicked off her shoes and had them sitting by the chair, forcing me to pick
  them up when I vacuumed near. Glenda was stretched out on the couch leaning
  against the armrest.  
Both girls pointed at spots on the carpet that I had supposedly missed. When
  I finally powered down the vacuum they had me on my knees and picking lint
  out of the corners, pulling dust bunnies from beneath the furniture. I crawled
  about the floor at their direction, the short gray uniform I wore riding up
  my ass and showing off my panties. As I crawled near my sister's chair I felt
  her rest her legs on my back-  
"Stay," she ordered and I heard her sigh as she got comfortable. I felt her
  adjust, crossing her ankles as I knelt at the base of her chair, acting as
  her footstool.  
"You can clean my sneakers while you're down their maid," she suggested,
  and knowing better I scooped up one of the black Adidas and brought it to my
  face. I started to lick away at the soft, worn leather, trying to bring some
  luster back to the old shoe. It smelled horrible; the lingering odors of sweat
  and feet making me gag and wrinkle my nose. Christy ignored the noises I made,
  settling in to watch her TV program and drink her beer.  
It took some time, but when she was finally satisfied that I had licked her
  shoes clean I heard my sister snap her fingers. I looked up, my face flushed
  and filthy, smelling of feet and saw Christy pointing to her friend in some
  regal manner. I looked to Glenda and saw her twirling her foot, her sandal
  dangling and slapping at her sole. I crawled over to the couch and my sister's
  friend stuck the sole of her shoe in my face.  
I stuck out my tongue and licked at the filthy, gritty sole of her sandal.
  I felt the dirt and gravel as it came off on my tongue. I could smell the odor
  of her feet; a pleasant smell of soap, just a trace of leather. I licked all
  the harder to see her wide smile, liking what I was doing. After a bit she
  recrossed her ankles and had me start on the other shoe. It was just as dirty,
  and I heard her giggle as my warm tongue brushed against her flesh, tickling
  her toes and ankles. I moved closer, licking at the blue leather straps, the
  thong between her toes. Glenda did not stop me as I started brushing her foot
  with my tongue.  
I took her toes in my mouth and started sucking. I heard her light moans
  as I scratched my teeth at her tender flesh. I felt her quiver, trying to pull
  back but I held her toe in place, in my lips. I sucked and kissed, enjoying
  the tender moment. Being bound and gagged for so long had truly been hell,
  a torture, but this was reward. It was all worth while.  
Finally Glenda leaned back and placed the sole of her sandal on my forehead,
  pushing me away. She was red and sweating I saw as I knelt back on my knees.
  She was breathing hard and a small stain had appeared in her shirt between
  her breasts. She was excited and so was I, I had to admit.  
"Bend down," she said and I did. I felt the weight of her legs on my back
  as she used me as a stool. "What's left?" she asked Christy and I heard my
  sister-  
"She's done a good job," I heard my sister say as she lit another cigarette.
  I looked up, but all I could see were her feet as she slipped on her shoes. "He
  can do the rest tomorrow. I'm buzzed and it's getting late. We better put her
  down for the night."  
I heard Glenda's cooing agreement as she got up. The weight of her long legs
  lifted from my back as the two girls stood beside my kneeling form. I stared
  at their feet as Christy grabbed me by the ponytail and jerked my head up and
  back-  
"Hold still," she said as Glenda unlocked my cuffs and quickly wrenched my
  arms behind my back. I felt the cold metal tighten as she secured the handcuffs
  again, behind my back and shoved me over, face first on the floor at their
  feet. Glenda stepped on my back to hold me down as Christy swiftly bound my
  ankles. My sister added a rope about my knees then finally stood up and away.  
Seemingly from out of nowhere my sister produced an obviously soiled pair
  of panties. She crouched beside me and stuffed them deeply into my mouth, laughing
  as I choked. She then spread several layers of duct tape over my lips to hold
  in the packing and keep me quiet. In the end, the two folded my bound legs
  until my heels were touching my hands. They tied off my leg bindings to the
  chain in the cuffs leaving me hog-tied on the living room floor.  
"Comfy?" Christy asked as she nudged me with the toe of her sneaker. I could
  only moan and nod, hoping that was what she wanted to hear. I looked up her
  forever-long legs to see her sway a bit, and Glenda at her side was little
  better. Both girls were drunk, and I considered myself lucky that I was getting
  off as easy as I was.  
Christy almost toppled over as she squatted down at my head, giggling. She
  adjusted my leash, rehooking it and pulling it tight as she tied it off to
  the leg of the sofa, so tight in fact that my face was pulled part way under
  the couch. I was wheezing by then, breathing in dust as my sister stood and
  thumped me in the side again, then rested her foot on my ass triumphantly.  
"You get some sleep now," she said grinding her foot against my still tender
  skin. "There's still a lot of work to do tomorrow. A lotta work, and," she
  paused, "we may have a little surprise for you too." She chuckled and finally
  stepped off and away. I could hear the soft pad of Glenda's feet on the carpeting
  following, but from my position I couldn't see either of them.  
I moaned as the lights went out, hearing the two girls as they got ready
  for bed in another part of the house. I wondered if they would be sleeping
  together, or if Glenda would be in my empty room. Hell, I didn't need it.  
Sleep was a long time coming&hellip; again.  
FRIDAY:  
I finally drifted out of a light sleep, a thin stream of light making flakes
  of dust dance before my blinking eyes. I sneezed and felt snot flow into my
  nose making it hard to breathe, gagged as I was. My eyes grew wide as I snuffed
  and snorted, shaking my head what little I could to draw a breath, starting
  to panic-  
"Morning&hellip;"  
I heard my sister coo in singsong voice as she padded up beside me, watching
  me squirm and writhe. I know that she could hear my panicked jerky breaths
  but she just watched, probably smiling, as I could not see her face. Finally
  I felt her hands at my collar as she unhooked my leash. I rolled out and craned
  my neck, tears in my eyes and saw her hand coming at my face. She held a cloth
  to my nose-  
"Blow!" she ordered and I did again and again. My heart was pounding and
  I was sweating hard as I finally started to breathe freely again. Christy smiled
  reassuringly and stood letting me look up her long, tanned legs.  
She was dressed already I saw, in shorts and a tee shirt again, her hair
  loose at her shoulders. She was wearing her black leather Adidas again as well,
  probably knowing how much I loved them. She grinned, wadding up the snot-filled
  cloth before strolling away towards the kitchen.  
I heard her rattling about for awhile, water running and I realized she was
  probably making coffee. Sure enough I could smell it as Glenda finally made
  an appearance.  
"Hey, sweetie," she said as she walked up to me. I looked up at her and she
  blew me a kiss before crouching down to grab my collar. With a heave and a
  grunt she spun me about so I was facing the other way before stepping over
  me and flopping onto the sofa. She planted her sandaled feet in the small of
  my back, crossing her long legs at the ankles as Christy came back bearing
  two mugs of coffee. She stood before my face, close enough that I could smell
  the worn leather of her tennis shoes as she sipped her coffee.  
"We need to get her cleaned up," Christy said between sips and smiles. "And
  let her do her duty too. It's been awhile." She chuckled, nudging my nose with
  the toe of her shoe. "You gotta go?"  
I nodded, feeling the pressure building inside me even as she asked. Together
  my two captors descended on me and untied my hog tie, then the ropes at my
  ankles. I felt Glenda rubbing circulation back into my legs as Christy knelt
  to untie my leash from the sofa before hooking it back to my collar again.
  Finally, with one on either side and grabbing me under my arms they helped
  me to my feet. They supported me as I shook and swayed, trying to regain my
  balance-  
"You okay?" Christy asked, smirking as I squeezed my legs together. The change
  in position had opened my bladder apparently and now I really had to go. I
  nodded to my sister frantically; eyes wide and she laughed happily at my discomfort.  
"C'mon," she said with a giggle as she took my lead and strolled towards
  the bathroom. Glenda followed along behind, sniggering as she tickled my ass
  through my thin, gray dress. Once in the bathroom they stood me in front of
  the toilet and as Glenda held me tightly by the leash, Christy unlocked the
  cuffs holding my arms behind my back. One of them at least as she jerked me
  to a sitting position on the toilet seat before locking the empty cuff about
  the stand pipe for the radiator, which was thankfully cold to the touch. They
  laughed as I moaned, looking up at them-  
"Well, go ahead."  
I was near tears as I raised up, and with my free hand lowered my panties
  and hiked my skirt. As soon as my penis sprang free I started to gush, barely
  hitting the bowl before I thumped back down. The shit started soon after and
  I flushed as the two girls grinned, watching me. Finally Christy nudged her
  friend towards the door-  
"Let's give her some privacy. She can't get away." Christy turned at the
  door, taking another look as I sat there relieving myself. I did not even care
  that she was referring to me in the feminine at that point. I just kept emptying
  my bowels.  
"Wash up when you're done there," Christy said with a grin. "You look like
  shit." With that she closed the door, but I could hear them whispering just
  outside.  
I finished finally, cleaned myself with my free hand and flushed the full
  bowl. I edged over to the sink then and tried to wash up as best I could. It
  was hard with only one hand, but I managed to get my maid's dress down to clean
  under my arms and about my privates. It took awhile, but I finally felt better
  when I had finished. I wanted to take a drink from the faucet, but the gag
  was still in place and I did not think that my captors would appreciate my
  doing that without permission. Finally I hiked my uniform back into place,
  brushed my hair awkwardly and fixed my ponytail before rapping on the door
  to signal that I was done.  
Christy opened the door and looked me up and down. "Much better," she said
  as she stepped in and unlocked the cuff from the pipe before recuffing my hands
  in front of me. She took my lead in hand then and led me back into the living
  room. I saw that Glenda was setting out food and water in bowls on the floor-  
"I'm gonna take off your gag so you can eat. No shit or it goes right back
  on, okay?" I nodded agreement, my stomach growling at the sloppy, steaming
  oatmeal that the girls had no doubt heated up in the microwave. I didn't care.
  I was starving. My sister took off my gag and pulled the soggy panties from
  my mouth and I quickly dropped to my hands and knees to eat like a dog from
  the floor, not caring in the least. Thankfully they left me in peace for a
  bit.  
My peace didn't last long however as I gasped, looking up when the doorbell
  rang. I craned my neck to stare at my sister; my face covered in gruel but
  she just laughed-  
"Get the door, slut," she commanded. I cowered, shaking my head-  
"No," I whispered in a croaking voice. "I can't-"  
I felt the slap of leather on my bare arm. My skin burned, tears in my eyes
  as I looked up at Glenda, poised to slap the sole of her Birkenstock across
  my face. I cringed, scrabbling to my feet as I crawled towards the front door
  to the sound of the bell again. I glanced back, but the girls were adamant
  and I sighed, my cuffed hands moving to the locks and knob. I opened the door,
  stepping back.  
Our next door neighbor Bonnie stood on the threshold, the screen door open
  and ready to step inside. I looked worriedly into her face, hoping that she
  might help me- the 'adult' that our mother had asked to keep an eye on us-
  but I saw quickly that I would get no support from her. She looked up at me,
  confused at first apparently not expecting a maid to answer the door, but as
  she stared at me I saw the confusion swiftly change to recognition, and then
  to amusement as she raised a hand before her face to hide her smile. Her dark
  eyes were hidden behind smoky glasses, but I could see her gaze raking up and
  down my body; lingering on my legs poking out of my skirt, my too tight Mary
  Jane's, my hair pulled back into a girlish tail, finally the manacles about
  my wrists. Finally she started to giggle, then burst out laughing as I lowered
  my head in defeat.  
"My God&hellip;" she said, stepping back to get a better look. She was dressed
  for work I saw in a smoky gray pantsuit and black low-heeled pumps. Her face
  was made up- too thickly I always thought, her gray hair piled high on her
  head. Bonnie was overweight, but there had always been something about her
  that had excited me. She always had seemed a little evil. "What the hell is
  this?"  
Finally she stepped back up and in as I moved aside, still hanging my head
  in shame, willing the tears not to come. She stood there in the doorway looking
  me up and down, laughing all the while, circling finally as I closed the door
  to get a look at my behind as well. She looked to Christy then, and I saw my
  sister grinning widely.  
"What the fuck's going on?" Bonnie asked again, her voice breathy with excitement.  
"Just a little game we play, Bonnie," Christy said, she and Glenda strolling
  forward. "Billie likes to be tied up, and I like to tie her too. She likes
  the humiliation-"  
"She?" Bonnie sniggered and Christy nodded-  
"Mmn-hmm. She loves to be dressed as a maid and ordered around. It's some
  domination thing. Watch&hellip; Billie, greet our guest properly."  
I looked pleadingly at my sister and saw determination in her face as she
  pointed to the floor at Bonnie's feet. I knew what was expected of me and got
  down on my hands and knees before our neighbor-  
I leaned in and kissed the toecaps of Bonnie's shoes, much to her delight.
  I heard her gasp, then chuckle-  
"My God&hellip;" she said as I continued kissing, actually loving the worn
  leather smell of her pumps. They were soft on my lips, and smooth. "I see you've
  taught him- her, her place." She laughed, angling her foot a bit to let me
  continue. "I've always wanted to see her like this- well- him anyway. I never
  imagined this though, dressed as a girl-"  
"A maid," Christy corrected and I felt her foot on my back to hold me down,
  signaling that I should continue. "She's no girl, but we call her one. She
  loves this. Stand up, girl-"  
I stood as Christy removed her foot, then my sister raised the front of my
  skirt to show our neighbor my erection- such as it was. Bonnie laughed all
  the harder to see my tiny, hard cock, and I heard Christy and Glenda join in.  
"She's erect all the time. Has been all week-"  
"All week?" Bonnie asked, her long nails scratching at the satin panties
  that barely held me in check. I felt her cool fingers slip beneath my balls,
  cupping my sack as she squeezed. "How long&hellip;"  
"As soon as Mom left," Christy said. "He begged me to tie him up that very
  night," she lied, staring at me as I winced at Bonnie's cruel touch. "He's
  been bound one way or the other all week long."  
"Cool&hellip;" Bonnie whispered as she gave me a final squeeze and a pinch.
  I whimpered at her touch, but she just laughed-  
"When's your mom coming back? Has she called?"  
"She calls," Christy responded, her hand on my shoulder as she forced me
  to my knees again. "She'll be home Saturday, which gives us some time yet,
  if you're interested?"  
"What do you mean?" Bonnie asked as she slid the toe of her shoe under my
  face again. I knew then and there that Bonnie liked having her feet and shoes
  licked. I leaned in-  
Christy hesitated, and I heard the caution in her voice. I felt her foot
  on my ass. "I'm having a few friends over tonight, just a little get together.
  I was gonna tell you, but, well, you're welcome to come&hellip;"  
"I suppose I should," Bonnie said turning her foot. "You'll need a chaperone
  I suppose. School friends? Underage?" She laughed and shoved the toe of her
  shoe into my mouth. "You'll need someone to buy the beer, right?"  
Christy laughed. "Yeah, that'd be great. About eight?"  
"I'll be there, with Pam too."  
"Cool."  
Bonnie walked away leaving me on the floor and Christy followed her to the
  door to show her out. Glenda was right there though to take up the slack as
  she straddled my back and held me kneeling to the ground, pulling at my hair,
  laughing. When the door closed, Christy turned back and giggled-  
"There's still a lotta work to do, Billie. Best we get to it&hellip;"  
They had me cleaning the rest of the house for the rest of the day. I had
  to vacuum, dust, scrub down the walls, clean the bathrooms again; basically
  going over all the things that I already had before. One or the other, Christy
  or Glenda was with me the entire afternoon, ordering me around and whipping
  me somehow if I did wrong or did not move fast enough. I got a few stripes-
  mainly from Glenda, but I guess that I did a good job in the end.  
It was around five when Glenda finally left-  
"I'll be back in a couple hours. I gotta shower and change. You got this?" she
  said, nudging me with her foot as I knelt before her. I bowed low, kissing
  her feet&hellip;  
"I got this," Christy said and smiled.  
She tied me to a chair after Glenda left. My hands were recuffed and bound
  behind my back, lashed to the rails of the chair. Christy tied my elbows, almost
  touching, and wrapped a cord about my chest and waist. She tied my ankles together
  and my knees and then tied my legs off to the leg of the chair. She then gagged
  me with a wadded cloth and bandana.  
"That should hold you for awhile," she said, caressing my cheek as she strolled
  away. "I have to get ready, so you just sit tight. I won't be too long."  
I struggled at my bonds as I watched her walk away towards her bedroom. I
  strained, trying to free my wrists, grunting into my gag for over two hours
  but gained nothing at all; no freedom in the least. I was trapped. I supposed
  that I should have tried to escape when she had uncuffed me and it was just
  her and me in the house, but I didn't. I don't know why. Defeated, tired, or
  was I really enjoying all of this more than I thought?  
I saw her occasionally, moving half-naked between her bedroom and the bathroom,
  walking through the house with just a towel wrapped about her. She had showered
  and shaved her legs I saw, and I noticed that she smelled of violets when she
  walked close once. My erection raged&hellip;  
***  
Glenda returned just after seven&hellip;  
I flinched awake to the sound of the doorbell, looking about madly and straining
  my bound limbs with sudden pain. I moaned into my gag wondering what was happening
  as the doorbell chimed again, followed by three quick knocks. At that my sister
  came out of her room all smiles and rushed for the door.  
She was dressed up just a little, wearing a gray tweed skirt and black tank
  top. She had on a pair of knee length black boots with flat soles and made
  of soft leather. Her hair was pulled back into a loose tail held in place with
  a butterfly clip. My heart melted as she glanced back over her creamy white
  shoulder and grinned, opening the door-  
"Hey Christy," I heard Glenda say as Christy stepped back to let her friend
  back in.  
"Hi, girls." My eyes went wide when I saw that Glenda was not alone.  
I had not seen Glenda's younger sister in a few months. She was two years
  younger than I was as I recalled and still went to Junior High. She was cute
  in the same way that her sister was, and she looked a smaller version, almost.
  Her hair was more blonde and straight and cut to shoulder length compared to
  Glenda's kinky mane that went wild about her head. She was developing too,
  breasts and widening hips, her legs lengthening I could tell even in her pink
  shell top and blue flare leg jeans. Of course my eyes drifted to her feet,
  shod in soft white leather Nikes with pink hi-lights. Her eyes were as wide
  as mine, a sparkling blue.  
"My god&hellip;" she gasped staring at me. I blushed as she covered her gaping
  mouth, embarrassed and I hung my head, turning away as best I could.  
"Marie," my sister said closing the door. "You remember my sister, Billie
  don't you?"  
I heard Glenda chuckle as she stepped up by my side. She grasped my hair
  and tugged my head around to face her sister&hellip; Marie-  
"Sister?" Marie stood right before me, staring me right in the eye as she
  licked her lips. She was confused, and blushing a bit herself. She was squinting
  just a little too, and I figured she would need glasses soon like Glenda. "I
  thought," she started, glancing at Glenda and Christy then back to me. "That's
  your brother!" she finally exclaimed with some certainty.  
"Was," Christy said with a smirk as she stood behind Marie. Glenda was caressing
  my cheek now, still holding my hair. Her hand was soft and cool on my flushed
  cheek.  
"She's my hostage now, has been all week. She likes to dress up and play
  'Maid' for me- and a few of my friends." Christy smiled, the lie coming easily
  now. Glenda finally released me and stood on the other side of her sister,
  smiling even wider. I saw she was dressed up as well, at least for her. She
  still had on her worn out Birkenstocks, but she had painted her toenails and
  added another shining toe ring. Too, she wore a summer dress that hung to mid-thigh,
  a pale green with floral print. I shook my head 'no' at my sister's lies but
  Marie just stared. I could see the first sign of a smile edging the corners
  of her thin lips as well-  
"This is so cool," she finally gushed, grinning. She stepped forward, reaching
  out but hesitated and looked back for permission. Christy nodded her approval,
  and Marie reached right up and slid her hand across my face and gag. "He's
  smooth," she said, her hands drifting down my body. She brushed my ropes about
  my chest and waist, her fingers pressing at my nipples and I squirmed. She
  giggled, running her hands across my bare thighs, then back up again. Her eyes
  were sparkling with delight as her fingers lingered about my chest.  
"I can feel his nipples- hard." She bit her lower lip as she grabbed each
  between thumb and forefinger, pinching harder and harder until I started to
  whimper and squirm again. She laughed with glee-  
"Hah! I love the way he wiggles around. He's so hot-"  
"She, Marie," Glenda corrected, putting her hand on her sister's arm, pulling
  her away. I sighed through my nose, sagging with relief and breathing hard.
  My vision was blurry with tears.  
"Billie's a 'she' for tonight, remember. She's a maid and servant, and a
  prisoner. There'll be plenty of play time later though." Glenda turned to my
  sister then.  
"Shouldn't we get things ready?"  
"That's her job, Glen," Christy said then glanced at Marie. "Want to help
  untie her?" she asked, dangling the key to my handcuffs.  
"Can I?" Marie beamed, giving me an evil grin and Christy nodded-  
"Just leave the handcuffs and gag for now."  
"Yes!"  
Marie knelt right down and started picking at the knots binding my ankles
  as Christy and Glenda strolled to the kitchen. I could hear them moving about,
  setting out dishes and glasses and such, but my attention was focused on Marie.
  Her slim fingers were flying over the ropes and knots and in seconds both my
  ankles and knees were free. I stretched my legs as she quickly moved to the
  ropes holding me to the chair, then swiftly the tight bonds about my elbows.
  I moaned to her pleasure, as my arms became free once more, it was such a relief.
  Marie then moved around in front of me again-  
"I'm done&hellip;" she called out as she gripped my leash in hand and tugged
  me to my feet. I wobbled a bit as the blood rushed back into my legs, then
  quickly shuffled after her as she dragged me by my lead into the kitchen.  
Christy and Glenda glanced up grinning at the sight as Marie saddled into
  a barstool and crossed her legs. She was positively glowing with pride and
  triumph. Christy handed Marie the key to the cuffs, and as Marie spun me about
  to take them off the doorbell rang again. Marie gasped-  
"Who?"  
"Relax," Christy said as she stepped behind me, motioning for Marie to continue.
  Christy started to unknot my gag. &quot;It's probably just Bonnie. It is almost
  eight." I saw Marie lick her lips as she nodded. She was shaking slightly with
  excitement, and so was I, but in fear. Christy grabbed my cheeks before pulling
  the cloth from my lips-  
"Not a word," she hissed, giving me her best evil sister glare. "Not unless
  spoken to, then you answer and with 'Yes Ma'am, Yes sir', or 'No Ma'am, No
  sir'. Got it?"  
I tried to say 'Yes Ma'am', but it came out mumbled so simply nodded.  
"Good girl." Christy nodded, then plucked the cloth from my mouth as Marie
  recuffed my wrists in front of me. The doorbell rang again-  
"Well?" Christy asked expectantly. Finally she cuffed me atop the head. "Get
  the door you lazy slut!"  
I jogged from the room, hurrying at their laughter.  
"Don't forget to curtsy." I heard Glenda shout out as my shaking hands reached
  for the doorknob. I swallowed hard and opened the door.  
Christy had been right in that it was Bonnie, first to arrive. She smiled
  widely as her dark eyes raked me up and down, her painted lips and brows arching
  cruelly. She was wearing a brown knit pullover sweater that zipped to the neck,
  though she had the zipper way down to show off her ample cleavage. Too, her
  checkered black and white slacks were tight, amplifying her hips and ass. I
  saw she had on a pair of black pumps as she stepped in the doorway as I curtsied.
  Laughing she shoved past, carrying a bag, no doubt with beer or alcohol as
  she had promised. I was about to close the door-  
"Hey!"  
I turned, my eyes going wide to see Bonnie's daughter there in the doorway.
  Her name was Pam, and she was just a few months younger than my sister, but
  a grade behind in school- thus older than me. She was sort of plain with shoulder
  length mousy brown hair and a smooth face. She had inherited her mother's wide
  smile and hoarse laugh, but not her body as Pam was thin and without much of
  a curve to her. Still, she was cute; dressed in a blue shell top and jeans
  with blue suede oxfords on her feet-  
"What's wrong?" I heard my sister as Pam finally stepped inside. I glanced
  out into the dark street and saw a car parking not so far away as I eased the
  door closed.  
"He almost shut the door in my face," Pam snapped, looking me up and down
  with a sneer. "Not very well-trained is he&hellip; she?"  
"Sorry, Pam," my sister grumbled and I felt her hand slap the back of my
  head again. "Apologize!" she snapped, and as I opened my mouth she hit me again-  
"Apologize right you stupid bitch!"  
I dropped to my knees immediately, knowing what she meant. While Pam waited
  I bowed down and eased my head forward, kissing the toes of her soft leather
  shoes. "I'm sorry, Ma'am&hellip; I'm sorry&hellip;" I repeated, over and over
  until I felt my sister tugging on my leash for me to stop. I stayed kneeling,
  head to the floor as Pam strolled away, her giggles joining the chorus of the
  rest. The doorbell rang again and I started to rise until I felt my sister's
  boot on the back of my neck-  
"Just stay down until you learn your place." She ground the sole of her boot
  into my neck. "Now get the door and don't embarrass me this time."  
She removed her foot so I reached up for the doorknob and swung the door
  open, shuffling back just a bit. I heard laughter immediately, a man this time-  
"Holy shit&hellip;"  
I recognized Steve's voice as he opened the screen door and stepped inside.
  I felt Christy's leg brush my hip as she leaned over and they lightly kissed.
  His dirty white Nikes were right below my face-  
"Greet our guest properly, girl," my sister commanded with a swish of my
  leash on my upturned ass. I leaned in and kissed Steve's filthy sneakers. They
  reeked of sweat and leather-  
"Welcome, Sir," I whispered, kissing until Christy told me 'enough'. Steve
  was laughing hard throughout-  
"God, what a fag. I always knew he was." Christy laughed at Steve's insult,
  making me crawl and kneel in the center of the room where they were all situated,
  watching.  
"To give her a little dap," she said taking a seat, "I think she's Bi-."  
"God I hope so," Glenda gasped and everyone chuckled. "Guess we'll find out
  soon enough."  
"Serve our guests," Christy commanded, finally allowing me to get to my feet
  and scurry to the kitchen. I saw that I was right in that Bonnie had brought
  beer and a bottle of Vodka. I made a tray of drinks, a soda for Marie, as I
  listened to them talking and laughing about me. I took a deep breath finally,
  gathering the tray and returned, bowing slightly as I presented the drinks
  to the party. I brought out chips next at Christy's direction, and a tray of
  cheese and dip, crackers and sliced meats.  
And the doorbell kept ringing&hellip;  
They were ten when my sister finally locked and chained the front door. Along
  with my sister, Glenda and Marie, Bonnie, Pam and Steve there was Julie and
  Adam from school, friends of my sister. Julie was a cheerleader, Adam a sports
  jock; Homecoming King and Queen in training. There was another girl from school
  that I recognized. She was a geek all the way with the big glasses and a stick-like
  body dressed in hand me downs that just did not quite fit. Her name was Debra
  and she was the only one that seemed uncomfortable about being there. Most
  embarrassing for me however was when I had to open the door and greet our cousin
  Mary.  
Mary was two years older than Christy, out on her own and going to college.
  She was my father's sister's daughter, and what was surprising was that she
  had always been religious growing up. I was shocked to see her at the door
  when I opened it to see her there. I was even more shocked not to see her reeling
  in shock, but rather smiling and laughing to see me on my knees and kissing
  her shoes.  
"I always new he liked feet," she chuckled, twisting her ankle a bit so that
  I could get to the sides of her brown loafers. She was wearing jeans and a
  tan shell top with a man's shirt over that open and loose. Her long dark hair
  was straight and flowing about her shoulders as she looked down at me, laughing. "He
  was always looking at my feet and shoes. I remember he was tapping at my foot
  one Thanksgiving under the table. Glad to see he's finally on his knees where
  he belongs."  
I spent the night serving them all, and servicing them as well; food and
  drinks, lighting cigarettes and basically waiting on them all hand and foot.
  I was a maid throughout, bobbing and bowing, curtsying when I completed a task.
  I cleaned up after them as they went, watching and listening as they all got
  tipsy, listening to music, dancing a bit. Even Marie was a little drunk as
  Glenda had allowed her a couple beers- not that she seemed to have any inhibitions.
  Only Debra seemed reluctant to partake, though she did allow me to lick at
  the soles of her worn out Reeboks. I was on my knees in front of her, licking
  her shoes when Julie spoke up-  
"She likes to lick," she giggled, kissing Adam ever at her side. "Will she
  lick anything?"  
I looked up to Julie and could see the pink tinge to her brown eyes. She
  was gorgeous, dressed in a little black dress and a studded belt, black hose
  and four-inch pumps with square heels, one of which was dangling from her crossed
  legs. She was resting on the sofa against Adam who seemed half-drunk and asleep.  
"Anything I tell her to," Christy said with a malicious grin. I could tell

  she was drunk as well.  
"Show me," Julie breathed, uncrossing her long legs and spreading them. She
  hiked up her skirt and I could see her satiny black panties. Christy slapped
  the back of my head-  
"You heard her, bitch," Christy shouted. Lick!"  
I scrambled about and crawled forward, burying my face in Julie's crotch.
  It was hot and wet, and I felt her hands on the back of my head as she drew
  me in. I started licking for all that I was worth, fearing a beating as my
  captors were drunk and not wanting any shit. I rammed my nose into Julie's
  cunt and heard her moan, her legs rolling up onto my shoulders and locking
  about my head. I felt the pressure as I continued, straining to do my best.
  I felt her squirming, getting wetter and wetter. My head was pounding, a roar
  in my ears&hellip;  
Julie kicked me away, moaning and gasping. I looked up and around and saw
  them all staring at me. Bonnie and Pam, Glenda and Marie were looking on in
  anticipation. Steve was licking his lips and Adam looked mean, annoyed that
  I had brought his girlfriend off. Julie was gasping, her hand at her crotch
  as she eyed me lustfully. Mary and Christy simply laughed. Only Debra seemed
  shocked and embarrassed, her mouth a rounded 'O' as she stared at me unbelieving,
  almost disgusted.  
"Let's have some fun&hellip;"  
***  
They took me down to the cellar.  
Marie got to tie me, recuffing my hands behind my back, my back to the support
  column. She put me on my knees though, leaving me enough movement to bend low
  and twist, to bow down with my head to the floor. They all watched with amusement,
  laughing and talking loud, drunken. All but Debra who stayed in the background
  watching, her face an expressionless mask of curiosity.  
Christy was first, getting their cruel party started. She walked about me
  and checking my bonds, the soles of her boots scuffing against the dirt and
  concrete of the cellar floor. Satisfied she finally stood before me smiling.
  She commanded me to lick her boots. I did, bowing low and pulling at my cuffs,
  stretching to my arms' limits. She shuffled back a bit with a giggle, making
  me strain to get to her, teasing me. She knew that I loved this part, kissing
  and licking at her feet and shoes until she was satisfied, until her boots
  shined. I was sore and tired, hungry and thirsty but there was nothing then
  and there that I did not want more than to get at her feet. Finally she let
  me and I tasted the soft, dusty leather on the tip of my tongue. I heard the
  audience titter, whispering as she eased her foot forward slowly, allowing
  me my reward for my struggles. I licked and kissed for all I was worth as Christy
  shifted her foot, stepping closer and turning so I could get the long sides
  and finally the soles. Her boots were shining when she finally kicked me away,
  and I could feel my hard on raging, and heard her slight panting even over
  my own ragged breath.  
I did the same for Glenda, licking and kissing her feet. I licked between
  Glenda's toes as she giggled in delight, apparently enjoying the devotion as
  much as my sister. She wanted more in the end however, and where Christy had
  stepped away, Glenda moved forward as I worshipped, forcing me up and back
  to work my way up her long, smooth legs. I could smell her as I licked, the
  closer I got to her womanhood and eventually she pulled up the hem of her dress
  to give me access. I eased into her, rubbing with my nose and grinding, licking
  at her snatch and tasting her juices as she started to moan and gyrate. She
  slammed my head back against the pole, pinning me there as she rode my face.
  I could barely breathe as she ground, wincing as her fingers locked into my
  hair and tugging in rhythm. Finally though, after a seeming eternity she staggered
  back and let me slump forward, exhausted.  
I could hear music, and as I gazed about the dim room, glancing from face
  to excited face I saw Marie sitting on the dryer beside a CD radio player.
  She had a beer in hand, her legs dangling and crossed at the ankles as she
  grinned widely, watching my tortures. The vision blurred as Pam stepped in
  front of me.  
Pam simply stood there for a moment, her hands on her hips as she stared
  me up and down. I hung my head submissively, happy for the respite until I
  felt her fist wrap in my hair. Pam jerked my head up with a snap-  
"That's right, bitch," she snarled, "you just look at the floor cuz that's
  where you belong." She slapped her free hand across my face, the resounding
  sound setting the audience to gasp in shock. I felt the sting, and immediately
  my eyes welled up. I heard Steve chuckling in the distance as her hand found
  its mark again, and again.  
Finally she released my hair, roughly shoving me to the side, letting me
  fall to the dirt. I hit hard on my shoulder, wincing and moaning as Pam's shoe
  descended onto my face. She pressed down, the rubber sole of her oxford pushing
  my cheek to the floor. It hurt as she twisted as though grinding out a cigarette,
  laughing all the while. "Eat dirt, shit head," she commanded, applying more
  pressure until I snaked my tongue out of my mouth and scraped the ground. She
  shifted her other foot closer, making me lick the dirt and dust at her feet
  but not actually her shoes. After some time though she finally placed both
  feet in front of me, just within reach-  
"You MAY kiss my toes now, and thank me." I did to a round of applause from
  the party crowd.  
"This is mean."  
I heard Debra's soft voice in the background. There was a hush as everyone
  looked at her, myself included.  
"C'mon, Deb," my sister said. "It's all in fun, and besides, she loves it."  
"Yeah," Steve added. "If you don't wanna join in, fine. Don't spoil our fun
  though." Debra sagged, looking at me with some sympathy.  
"At least give him some water. God, he can barely breathe."  
Christy smiled slightly but nodded, motioning for Debra to get a bowl from
  the wash sink. Debra filled a bowl with water then set it before me on the
  floor. I looked up at her with pleading eyes filled with gratitude, then bent
  down to lap at the water before they pulled it away. Remarkably they let me
  finish, but as quickly as Debra removed the bowl, Bonnie was standing before
  me-  
Bonnie shoved her black, leather pump under my nose, the toe of her shoe
  parting my moist lips. "Break's over, girl," she sniggered. "Lick!"  
I started in again, smelling the worn leather and foot odor of my neighbor.
  There was a sweet scent as well, and not unpleasant all three mingled together.
  Bobbie adjusted her feet a bit as I ran my tongue over her pumps, washing them
  to her delight. I heard her coo as my warm tongue brushed over her nylon encased
  skin-  
"You don't know how long I've wanted this," she said, cocking her foot back
  onto its heel to let me get at her filthy sole. "Those summers when you used
  to mow our lawn, even when I used to watch you; baby sit you when you were
  little. Remember how I used to ask you to get me things; soda and snacks, light
  my cigarettes? You used to enjoy that too, I thought, though probably not as
  much as me. I used to pretend you were my little slave. I don't know how many
  times I fingered myself to orgasm after you left, fantasizing having you at
  my feet like this&hellip;  
"And now here you are."  
Bonnie pulled her feet away and crouched down beside me. I felt one hand
  caressing my face while her other slid under my dirty gray skirt, her long
  nails scratching at my balls and engorged cock. I was near to bursting, ready
  to cum, but I knew I'd get hell if I did. "So hot," she whispered, ignoring
  my whimpers as I tried to hold back. Finally though she removed her hand, leaving
  me frustrated and hurting, wanting release.  
Bonnie stood again, laughing. "I think I'm gonna get my wish," she sneered
  and I saw her draw her foot back. Swiftly then she kicked out, the toe of her
  shoe slamming into my groin. I screamed and collapsed, the tears flowing as
  I sobbed and gasped for air in agony. "Later though," she chuckled. "You're
  not going anywhere."  
Even as Bonnie turned to walk away Julie was rushing forward. "My turn," she
  cheered and dropped right down onto me, ignoring my muffled cries as she pinned
  me to the floor, straddling my face. I could barely breathe as it was, still
  gasping and sobbing, but now all that I could smell was her dripping pussy
  as she shuffled forward to smother my face. Her panties were gone now I quickly
  realized and she was sopping wet. "Lick, bitch," she commanded, squeezing her
  thighs together for emphasis.  
Julie came and came, and I could hear her moans of pleasure as I licked,
  stretching my tongue ever deeper inside. She would rock and thrust down, arching
  her back and grabbing my hair. I set her to screaming when I started nipping
  at her pussy lips, and she actually shrieked that final time as she drenched
  me and collapsed backwards onto the dirty floor.  
The stuffy cellar was silent, hushed except for Julie and I both heaving,
  drawing in deep ragged breaths. She just laid there for a time, moaning softly
  with her long legs draped over me, pinning me. She finally shifted a bit and
  I opened my eyes to find her shoe right in my face. She let me lick at her
  shoes in reward while she recovered.  
Adam thankfully declined a turn. He was drunk and barely awake, staggering
  over to help his girlfriend to her feet and back to there seat. I saw Julie
  flow into his lap, her arms around his neck and snuggling close. They were
  making out hot and heavy as Steve finally stepped up.  
"Suck me blue," he laughed, but I missed the joke. "Get up, slut," he commanded,
  watching me as I struggled to get back up onto my knees before him. When I
  finally looked up at him I saw no mercy, no friendship in his eyes, his cruel,
  drunken smile. "You're a mess," he laughed, and I imagined that I was with
  my hair ripped mostly from my ponytail, my face smeared with pussy juice. I
  was probably red from crying as well, not that he cared.  
He crouched a bit, bending at the knees as he shoved his fly forward and
  waved it in front of my face. He pressed right up, the zipper at my lips. "Open
  it!" he commanded, grabbing the back of my head and guiding me as I was forced
  to flick the zipper's key up and snag it between my teeth. It was hard, but
  with Steve's movements and a bit of a struggle I got the zipper open and down.
  Still holding me close with one hand Steve then used his free fingers to snake
  in and part his boxers, pulling his penis from its hiding place in his pants.
  It was huge, bulging and wavering, dripping already with pre-cum, and as he
  aimed it at my mouth I felt both of his hands on the back of my head again,
  guiding me. I moaned, trying to turn away but I was not allowed.  
Steve's cock filled my mouth, his stiff pubic hairs scratching at my face.
  I felt his hands holding me tight, shoving my face forward as he thrust in
  unison. He was hitting the back of my throat, making me gag and moan with every
  thrust. I could feel the thing throbbing and hot on my tongue and someone was
  telling me to lick, so I did.  
His cock grew even more as I sucked, and before too long, seconds, he exploded
  in my mouth. I took it all, gagging as his head scratched at the back of my
  throat, swallowing his jism as it burned down my throat in an explosive stream.
  I was struggling to draw breath as he continued shoving on my head, forcing
  me to keep sucking and licking. I heard applause and more laughter, Steve ordering
  me roughly to lick up the mess I had made; to wash his dick clean.  
Finally he shoved me back and away, my head thumping against the pole again.
  He half-staggered, half-swaggered back to his place beside my sister, falling
  into his chair. I saw her hand sweep out, caressing his chest under his shirt
  as they leaned together for a passionate kiss. I remembered that she had promised
  him a reward for his help days before. A hand slapped across my face, snapping
  me from my daze-  
My cousin towered over me with a cruel, merciless smile as I stared up at
  her. She looked as evil as Bonnie just then, and I shivered a bit as her smooth
  hand reached out and she grabbed my chin. "Remember your last birthday, cuz?" She
  allowed me to nod as I tried to remember, my eyes slowly going wide in understanding. "Your
  sister and I wanted to give you your birthday spanking, but you panicked and
  ran into the bathroom. You got away," she shrugged, continuing, "and you stepped
  on my foot in the process." Mary leaned in close. "Payback's a bitch, bitch!"  
Mary hauled me to my feet, shoving me against the pole until I was standing
  steady, then forced me to bend at the waist. She hauled my arms up as she leaned
  me over, finally straddling the back of my head and squeezing it between her
  thighs to hold me in place. She shuffled back a bit so that I was off balance
  and could not squirm without falling. I then felt her hand pulling up the back
  of my uniform, then sliding my soiled panties down.  
"I'm going to spank you for every birthday I missed," she said, chuckling,
  and before I could react I lurched forward as her hand slammed into my ass.
  It hurt like hell, but my cry was muffled, turned halfway into her thigh as
  I was. She then pinched my exposed butt cheek causing me to whine again.  
"That's one&hellip;"  
As promised she spanked me for every birthday; two swats, then three more,
  then four and so on. After every set she added a pinch 'to grow on'. Before
  too long I was squirming in agony. My butt felt as though it was on fire, but
  she paid me no mind, ignoring my begging pleas and whimpers, continuing. After
  awhile the party crowd joined in and I heard them chanting out the swats louder
  and louder. That just spurred Mary on to hit me all the harder.  
Finally it ended though, and Mary stepped back and away, allowing me to drop
  back to my knees. I had lost count of how many I had received, not that it
  would have mattered if she had given me too many or not. Everyone was laughing
  and clapping as I knelt before my cousin crying, trying to draw breath. "Happy
  birthday, cousin," Mary said and started to turn away, then paused. As an after
  thought she slid her foot beneath my face.  
"My foot," she said tapping it under my nose. "The one you stepped on. Kiss
  it and make it better." I heard her laugh as I leaned over and planted a kiss
  on the toe of her loafer. Without another word she finally walked off.  
Glenda's sister Marie was next and she came almost skipping up, sliding her
  white Nike under my lips. I knew what she wanted without a word, and I had
  to lick her Nikes clean to her satisfaction. She was giggling with excitement
  all the while, actually kicking me as she twisted her feet about. She copied
  Pam, and laughed as she pressed my face into the dirt, making me squirm underfoot
  and lick at her soles. Then she suddenly stopped and just held me down pressing
  harder and harder. I heard Glenda's voice-  
"Go ahead&hellip;" followed by the sound of a zipper.  
Marie forced me back up on my knees and leaned into my face. She was damp
  and hot between her legs, dripping like Julie as she slammed me back into the
  pole with her weight. Then I was commanded to lick her pussy as she ground
  forward. I don't know if it was her first or not, but I quickly brought her
  to orgasm with just a few licks and movements. She screamed, gyrating against
  my nose as I licked and gasped for breath, her soft wet hairs tickling until
  she finally staggered back with exhaustion. I leaned forward licking my lips,
  exhausted myself. My face was drenched in cum by then, and I was hanging forward
  from the pole&hellip;  
"C'mon, Deb" I heard my sister's voice amidst the chorus. I looked up to
  see Debra standing before me. She had her arms crossed tight beneath her breasts,
  frowning-  
"It seems so cruel," she said. The others just laughed.  
"She loves it," Glenda said laughing. "She wants it."  
"I don't&hellip;"  
"C'mon&hellip;"  
"Join in&hellip;"  
"Do it!"  
"Do it!"  
I saw Debra biting down on her lower lip as she slid her foot under my face.
  She was reluctant, but I leaned in none the less, doing my duty. I licked her
  shoes clean as she shifted her feet, letting me get at the sides and soles.
  There was no emotion in her though, no cruelty or lust. She simply made me
  do it without a word and pulled her feet away when I was done.  
I looked up at her again as she stepped back, the others applauding again,
  cheering. She simply stared down at me with a look of disgust. Then she turned
  away and headed up the stairs.  
We listened and heard her moving about above but she did not leave. I looked
  about the room and noticed then that Julie and Adam had left as well. The others
  were watching me, a strange look in all their eyes. Lust almost, but something
  more. A knowing dominance I thought, knowledge that there was nothing that
  they could not do to me now, and nothing that I would not do.  
Bonnie and Pam leaned in close, whispering with their heads together. I saw
  Marie excitedly whispering to her sister as well, her arms and hands waving
  about madly. Mary was sipping at a drink, watching me as she bobbed her crossed
  leg, sliding her loafer on and off of her heel with a 'shuffing' noise. Steve
  was eyeing me drowsily, his eyes pink and drooping as my sister's hand slowly
  stroked at his crotch. She was smiling too, and finally stood when our gazes
  met.  
"I think that's it for tonight," she said clicking off the CD player. The
  others stood and headed for the stairs one by one still happy and talking,
  looking back a final time as they ascended. All except for Christy and Mary&hellip;  
***  
They left me there, kneeling on the cellar floor when they were finally satisfied.
  I had been their toy, their bitch, and they had loved it, every minute, and
  I had to admit that despite the pain and humiliation- or maybe because of it-
  I had too.  
My sister and my cousin had retied me for the night. Mary shoved me back
  on my knees and held me against the support pole as Christy bound my elbows
  tightly together. They then crossed my ankles, one over the other and bound
  them tight. A final rope held me snug and flush to the pole, pinning my arms
  and about my stomach and chest. Mary then played with my nipples, squeezing
  until I begged while Christy got a pair of scissors from the tool rack and
  snipped off my soiled panties. She shoved them into my mouth wadded, then wrapped
  a belt about both my head and the pole, looping it twice before hooking the
  buckle. The wide leather both sealed in the panties as well as stretched my
  lips wide, but I could breathe.  
Christy produced her camera again from somewhere behind me and took several
  pictures of my bound, gagged and helpless form. Mary posed in a few, though
  I'm sure her face would be blurred later if it got in the shot. Christy finally
  stopped and both women stood before me, mocking-  
"I'll be sending these to your mother, girl," she said grinning. "A final
  plea for ransom. Better hope she comes through or&hellip;" Christy made a slashing
  motion across her throat and the girls laughed as I moaned, drooling around
  the belt. I must have looked appropriately terrified, though I was sure that
  they were kidding. But&hellip;  
I felt my penis suddenly bob and throb as a hard stream of cum exploded from
  my abused cock. I moaned, sagging as the jism splattered against the front
  of my skirt in long uncontrollable spurts. The girls laughed and quickly backed
  away-  
"Eewww, gross!" Mary shouted and Christy laughed-  
"God, he's into 'snuff' too!"  
They watched and laughed all the harder as I spent my load, slumping as much
  as my tight bindings would allow. Finally, as I stared at them they moved towards
  the steps and started up. They left without another word to me, clicking off
  the light and locking the door. I had no idea what time it was, but I could
  hear several pairs of feet moving around upstairs yet, not even trying to disguise
  their movements.  
They all left, eventually of course. I could hear them all, the party going
  on overhead- they were moving about. I could hear music as I squirmed, lashed
  to the pole in the cellar; stomping and dancing maybe. Something shattered
  at some point. It went on for some time, though slowly the stomping eased,
  dwindled and I heard the front door slamming shut again and again. Eventually
  I fell asleep, wasted and drained&hellip;  
Saturday  
I woke to a golden glow, the sun creeping in through the cellar windows.
  The basement was awash in morning light as I craned my neck as much as I could,
  trying to see. I was still lashed tight to the pole of course, and could barely
  twitch.  
I jerked when I heard a noise at the top of the stairs, my cramped muscles
  screaming in protest. My ass felt as though afire from my spanking and my jaw
  was aching, the panties in my mouth soaking up my spit.  
The cellar light came on&hellip;  
I looked up and about and saw my sister coming down the stairs from the corner
  of my vision. She was dressed in her long jersey that she wore to sleep in,
  her sports sandals slapping on her feet as she slowly made her way down the
  creaking basement steps. I could hear her talking and saw that she was on the
  modular phone as she approached. I watched her, grunting into my gag and eyes
  pleading but she simply smiled, all but ignoring me. She strolled about my
  helpless body, speaking casually as she checked my bonds. She was blushing
  when she finally paused in front of me. Her hair was tousled about her shoulders
  as though the phone had gotten her out of a pleasant sleep. Her nipples were
  stiff and poking out on her jersey. I blushed and lowered my gaze in embarrassment
  and I stared at her feet instead&hellip;  
"Yeah&hellip;no&hellip; No we're fine," she said speaking to whoever was
  on the phone. I had a dread feeling that I knew who it was, watching as she
  slid her foot in and out of her sandal. "Bonnie looked in on us last night&hellip; Yeah&hellip;"  
She crouched down, the fingers of her free hand grabbing my left nipple though
  my uniform. She twisted my erect nipple hard, pinching as she giggled, grinning
  widely-  
"No, he's here," she said nodding, cocking her head as I whined. "Sure, hold
  on&hellip;"  
She held the phone out next to my face, smiling-  
"Mommy wants to say hello&hellip;"  
I grunted into my gag, but Christy just smirked, adjusting the receiver better
  against my ear. I listened, hearing the static of long distance and the cellar's
  blockage making the familiar voice on the other end sound hollow and cold.
  I tried to talk, but Christy just squeezed my nipple harder until I whimpered
  into silence-  
"Billy?" I heard my mother's voice again and gasped as Christy eased off-  
"Mmmmn&hellip;" I said, or tried to, but my mother's voice just cut me off,
  ignoring my muffled moaning.  
"Billy? Billy, listen!"  
I gasped as my sister giggled. She could apparently hear my mother's voice
  shouting over the line.  
"Billy&hellip; I've decided to stay here a few more days. Maybe another week."  
I gasped again, my eyes going wide.  
"Your aunt isn't doing too well yet and she needs me. While I'm gone I want
  you to behave and do like Christy tells you. She's in charge-"  
"Mmmmn&hellip;"  
"No buts! Christy's told me everything, and I think it's great as how you
  volunteered to do all the housework while I'm away. I'm sorry I can't send
  the extra money, but if you both just tighten your belts a bit, you should
  be fine. Maybe you can do some work for Bonnie for the cash, hmmm? That's my
  good boy&hellip;"  
"Mmmmn&hellip;"  
"Now I'll be back in a week, probably next Saturday or Sunday at the latest.
  You do everything Christy tells you to. Everything- understand? And be a good&hellip; girl&hellip;"  
I heard my mother laugh as Christy pulled the phone away from my face, standing
  straight.  
"No ransom then?" she asked the phone with a smile, staring down at me. I
  saw her leg slide forward as she shifted her foot between my legs, under my
  stained skirt. I felt the rough sole of her sandal on my cock as she started
  pressing down, only easing off when I screamed into my gag.  
Christy laughed and I heard the 'beep' of the phone as she said good bye
  and thumbed it off. Christy held the phone by her side as she smiled down at
  me, pressing on my groin again. She slid her foot along my growing penis, grinding
  as I writhed.  
"One more week, Billie&hellip;" she said as she twisted her foot a last time
  and finally stepped back. She looked me over almost lovingly as she reached
  out and brushed the hair from my eyes. She patted my cheek&hellip;  
"One more week away&hellip;"  
To be continued?  
Story &copy; Curt F 2005  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  carnaj


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





