BDSM Library - Coming Out On Top




Coming Out On Top
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: English Public School Story. Starts with Uniforms,Spanking & Humiliation and ends with Extreme Body Modification.Coming out on Top  
Spankings, Humiliation, Body Modification, Forced TV, Hair removal &amp; more
  M/f f/m CP!  
"Come on you useless shit, Run or we will be last back !" Gail encouraged
  her friend Ellen as they ran the last &frac12; mile back to school. The reason
  why they were running was they were on a cross country run in their PE lesson
  and the reason why the 2 most athletic girls in the lower 6th were last was
  that they had taken an unauthorised diversion into the village. Ellen wanted
  to buy tickets to a concert and they were selling out fast. The chances of
  seeing her pop idols close up was worth the risk of a detention in her book.  
As the ran along the access road to Hope School, a luxury car passed them,
  slowing to walking pace as it drew level. "What's up perv ?" Shouted Gail "Never
  seen a girl running before ?"  
"Yeah" said Ellen, " Wanna see my arse peeping from under my skirt ?" She
  grasped the hem at the back of her skirt allowing a perfect view of her pert
  bottom tightly wrapped in her PE knickers bobbing along as she ran. The car
  accelerated away as Gail flipped him a one fingered salute. "What a letch" said
  Gail, "I know we must look a bit horny in our netball skirts and tops, but
  actually slowing down for a better look, it's disgusting!"  
"Yeah" replied Ellen "I just hope he wasn't heading for the school. I don't
  think he appreciated our little demonstration.  
As they turned into the school gates, both girls felt uneasy as they saw
  the same car parked next to the main doors. They sprinted around to the back
  of the school and headed for the changing room in the sports block. Both girls
  collapsed onto the benches around the edge of the room and tried to get their
  breath back. The changing room was half empty, but the noise from the showers
  suggested that most, if not all girls had beaten them back. Gail peeled off
  her very sweaty T-Shirt and kicked off her trainers and socks. Ellen also stripped
  off and was soaping up in the showers when a hand grabbed her roughly around
  her arm. Miss Matless ( Known universally as Miss Mattress due to her broad
  physique) had also grabbed Gail and before either girl could complain, had
  dragged them out of the changing room.  
"So" she said "Would you like to tell me where you have been for the last
  hour ?"  
"On the run Miss" replied Gail  
"And why would my 2 best students be back some 10 minutes after the last
  girl may I ask ?" Questioned their teacher.  
"I, I got a stitch and Gail waited for me to get my breath back" Stammered
  Ellen, dripping wet and shivering naked in the corridor.  
"And that explains your altercation with a member of the public in Hope Lane
  does it ?" said Miss Matless. "Both of you are coming with me to see the Head.
  The reputation of the school has been tarnished and we all know how much the
  Head sees the reputation of the school as a beacon to the community."  
Both girls were well aware of the importance of the school to the village
  of Hope Asterly. The rural, isolated countryside that surrounded them offered
  little in the way employment and the boarding school of over 500 students provided
  a vital source of income. If the reputation of the school was damaged, numbers
  could fall and the money would dry up.  
Ellen returned to the changing room just long enough to grab her bra and
  PE knickers before both girls were escorted upstairs. The trio approached the
  double doors that led into the heads office. Miss Matless knocked and a voice
  boomed "Enter". Shaking slightly, the half naked girls timidly entered the
  room and both gasped as they saw the "Perv" sat by the headmaster desk.  
"You probably don't know Mr Bruce, he is a potential new school investor
  and is visiting today to assess the school as an investment opportunity." The
  head intoned "I understand that he was stopping to ask for instructions to
  the school when he witnessed a display almost unheard of in Hope's history"  
"We're both very sorry" Sobbed Ellen "We mistook Mr Bruce for someone else.
  We didn't mean to hurt the school's reputation sir"  
"Don't apologise to me Girl" Bellowed the Head. "it's Mr Bruce you offended."  
"Yes sir, Mr Bruce, we are very sorry indeed" Wailed Ellen  
"In my day you would both have received a sound thrashing for your actions" rumbled
  Mr Bruce "It's a shame corporal punishment has been banned in schools now.  
"Well, said the head "As both girls are over 16, we can punish them as we
  see fit. The canes are long gone, but I am sure both girls would prefer a spanking
  to a suspension and being sent home from term early and in disgrace." From
  the shocked look on both girl's faces, this was obviously not a possibility
  that either girl had even remotely considered.  
"I think we can take the fact that you are both still stood here as agreement
  to the punishment" said the Head "Miss Matless will remain to supervise and
  perhaps Mr Bruce would like to carry out the punishment."  
"With pleasure" said Mr Bruce I am glad to see such a proactive approach
  to discipline. I think 12 spanks each should suffice. You girl, Gail isn't
  it? You insulted me first, so you can take your punishment first as well. Come
  over here and I think we should have your bottomed bared, don't you ?" Gail
  edged over towards him, but soon found herself propelled forward by Miss Matless.
  She tried to remove her navy blue PE knickers, but found they were tucked in
  above the waistband of her skirt. She felt Miss Matless's hands come around
  her waist and start to undo her skirt. For a moment, we thought that she would
  be bared to all those within the room, but instead, her PE teacher slid the
  skirt up around her smooth, flat tummy allowing her knickers to be removed
  from underneath, ensuring at least a little modesty. "Right, over my knee girl" Barked
  Mr Bruce Gail shuffled over to him with her knickers around her ankles. She
  lent over the man's knees and extended her hands to the floor, her bottom and
  knees clasped tightly together. Her severely shortened skirt rode up to half
  clear her bottom but Mr Bruce soon swept it back to reveal a tight, toned rump,
  quivering and expectant. He rested his hand upon her bottom and waited until
  the muscles started to relax a little. Then, Smack, smack, smack, the first
  3 blows were delivered quickly and with precision. Gail gasped in surprise
  as the first wave of pain hit her. Her instinct was to stand up or rub her
  bottom, but the firm grip of Mr Bruce prevented either of these options. Instead,
  she settled for a long sobbing wail and stamping her feet on the ground. "Settle
  down girl, you still have 9 strokes to go. We will be here all day" snapped
  Mr Bruce. The next 3 were even harder and aimed at the top of the thighs. Gail
  was even less stoic and sobbed even louder while begging Mr Bruce to stop.
  Miss Matless put a stop to the noise by scooping Gail's damp and sweaty knickers
  from the floor and stuffing them into her mouth. The muffled sobs continued,
  but Gail stopped thrashing around.  
The next 3 strokes were aimed at the tender flesh at the base of Gail's back.
  Mr Bruce delivered each stroke methodically and with military precision. Gail
  abandoned all pretensions of modesty and spread her legs widely in a futile
  attempt to relieve the stinging. Mr Bruce took full advantage of the situation
  and landed a blow up and between her thighs, his stinging fingers making contact
  with her exposed vagina. Although the pain was not so intense, the humiliation
  of being spanked directly on her pussy was as much as Gail could bear. She
  hardly felt the last 2 blows, delivered across her bottom directly upon the
  area of the first 3 spanks.  
Mr Bruce released her but she just lay there, a beaten and submissive girl. "Get
  up child" Mr Bruce growled. "It was only a spanking. Now stand in the corner
  and watch me punish your accomplice." Painfully, Gail got up and moved to the
  corner of the room. She went to remove the stinking knickers from her mouth,
  but Miss Matless stopped her. "Leave them there girl" she warned "Let them
  remind you of your behaviour for a while longer"  
Ellen was not so lucky as Gail with her modesty. As she had left her skirt
  in the changing room, she was all but naked when she removed her navy knickers
  in front of them all. She clasped her hands across her neatly trimmed pussy
  and her bra was nearly transparent from the accumulated water of the shower
  and the sweat from the anticipation of what was now to follow. The effect was
  not lost on Mr Bruce and he left her standing there for longer than was necessary
  as her blushes grew. Eventually he beckoned her over and she nervously lay
  over his lap.  
The first strokes slapped across the girl's damp, sweaty bottom. She yelped
  in pain and struggled so much that she nearly fell from Mr Bruce's lap. Miss
  Matless grabbed her legs and pinned them spread eagled, to the ground. Like
  Gail's this had the effect of opening her pussy to Mr Bruce's advantage and
  he landed not 1 but 3 strokes upon it. "OW OW OW" she sobbed as the pain and
  humiliation hit home. Mr Bruce still had 6 strokes to give, but was mindful
  of not delivering them to an area that would be on view as the girls left the
  office. Instead, he left 3 red hand prints of each buttock. He allowed Ellen
  to stand and she did so, almost running to stand with Gail in the corner. "Let
  that be a lesson to both of you." The head warned. "Any more trouble and you
  will be sent home in disgrace." Now go and get changed for you next lesson.  
Ellen looked around for her abandoned knickers, but they were nowhere to
  be seen. Before she could locate them, Miss Matless shooed them out into an
  ante room. "Oh Miss, I've left my knickers in there she sobbed"  
"Tough" said the PE teacher you will have to borrow Gail's to walk back to
  the changing room." Gail took her own knickers out of her mouth and handed
  them to her friend. Miss Matless watched as both girls painfully adjusted their
  dress and then led them back to the now empty changing room.  
"Ellen, you are already showered, so you can get dressed and head or to your
  next lesson." She said. "Gail, you must wait until the next class is changed
  before showering. You will stand and face the wall and wait until they have
  all changed and left."  
"Yes miss" Gail muttered. She took up her position and faced the wall, acutely
  aware that with her skirt still hitched up so high, even the slightest movement
  would display her naked and poorly concealed beaten bottom to the incoming
  class. Her breasts were covered in only her sports bra, but this was also almost
  transparent with sweat. She longed for her ordeal to be over so she could sneak
  back to her dorm and try to come to terms with her situation. She heard Ellen
  dress and pack her PE kit away, apologising to Gail the whole time, but it
  was in the quiet that followed that she suddenly realised in horror what may
  happen next.  
Hope School had only started taking girls some 4 years ago and some facilities
  were still not co-educational. This included the changing rooms. There was
  in fact, just 1 room, with a combined shower and bath area to 1 end. Although
  most lessons were taught together, PE was always taught separately. What if
  it was a boys group in next ? They were bound to notice her standing there
  with her exposed and now bright red bottom. She listened hard as the bell went
  and sure enough, the sound of male voices approached the changing room.  
"Hey, what's this ?" shouted Peter Burns, a bully of a boy who as usual had
  pushed his way into the changing room first. He approached the quivering girl
  and raised her skirt to view the red and sore derriere beneath. He gently brushed
  her bottom with his hand. She furiously smoothed her skirt back down, fighting
  back tears of embarrassment. He chuckled and walked over to the pile of her
  clothes on the bench nearby. "These yours ?" he enquired "A shame if they all
  got wet and you had to walk back to your dorm dressed like that. He bundled
  the uniform up along with the discarded netball top and flung them into the
  communal bath that was filling for the boy's return.  
"Burns". Peter spun around. Standing by the door was Mr Jenkins, the boys
  PE teacher who had obviously walked in at just the wrong time. "What the hell
  are you doing.  
"Nothing sir" Protested the boy "I just found these clothes in the bath sir,
  I was trying to fish them out."  
"Rubbish" bellowed the teacher "Don't lie to me ! I saw you assault that
  girl and throw her clothes into the bath. Is that any way to treat a guest
  ? Now climb into the bath and retrieve the clothes." The boy started to strip,
  but the teacher stopped him. "No, no, you can climb in as you are." The water
  was nearly 3' deep and the clothes had sunk to the bottom of the bath. The
  bubbles made it difficult to see all the garments and so Peter was very wet
  by the time he had gathered them all together. He half swum to the side and
  dumped the sodden clothes in a pile on the floor. "You will wash, dry and iron
  all this clothing this afternoon and return them to Gail in her Dorm House
  this evening" Demanded Mr Jenkins "Only then will you change or dry your own
  clothes." The boy became only too aware how uncomfortable an afternoon he was
  to endure.  
"And now Gail," Said Mr Jenkins, turning to the poor girl "We need to find
  you some dry clothes. How about Burn's football kit, is it clean ?"  
"Yes sir" said a boy stood next to Burn's sports bag "He washed it last night"  
"Good said the teacher. Right, all of you, come over here and form a circle
  around Gail FACING OUTWARDS PLEASE, and now Gail if you would like to change
  into the kit, I would like to invite you to join us for football practice this
  afternoon" Gail's face lit up, she loved football but the girls only played
  netball and had gym and athletic sessions. The chance to play her favourite
  game was too good to miss, even with her sore bottom. "Thank you sir" she replied
  excitedly. She quickly removed her skirt and pulled on the football shirt and
  shorts. Fortunately, the shorts had a soft inner liner and were quite comfortable.
  She put on the socks and laced up her trainers. "I'm ready sir" she announced  
"OK boys, carry on changing and we will start the tactical briefing. Sit
  on the bench with the boys please Gail" Gail sat down amongst the boys, many
  of whom were trying to change without exposing too much flesh to her and watched
  as Mr Jenkins outlined the afternoon's training. As the boys all wore lined
  shorts, they were all stripping off and she got a lot of exciting flashes of
  bottoms and cocks as they readied themselves for the games. Peter Burns simply
  stood by the bath and shivered. He had wrung out her clothing as much as he
  could but all the clothing would need a good wash and iron before it could
  be worn again. As the boys filed out, Peter watched them go. "Don't just stand
  there boy, you are to watch the training from the side lines until the laundry
  rooms opens at 3.30" Barked Mr Jenkins "I just hope you don't catch a cold"  
Gail had the time of her life. The boys were most gracious with her to start
  off with, but as her skills became apparent, their admiration grew. She played
  a supporting role in midfield, setting up 2 goals and helping her team to win
  the match. "You are an excellent player" remarked Mr Jenkins "What lesson do
  you normally have at this time ?"  
"A study supervision period with the juniors" replied Gail  
"Hmm, I think we can get you excused from that, I think you can join us each
  week. Burns can cover your supervision stint and I will ask Miss Matless about
  him joining the Girls for PE instead." Everybody on the pitch applauded this
  idea. The bully always dominated the training, but played without any real
  skill. The thought of him playing Netball and running with the girls appealed
  to them all.  
As they walked back into the changing room, Gail wondered how she could change,
  as she had no clean or dry clothes. Mr Jenkins solved the problem by handing
  her a tracksuit.  
"Why not join us for a bath" Asked a good looking boy called Chris "You can
  keep your kit on and everything, come on, it will be a laugh" Gail hung back
  as the boys stripped off and headed for the communal bath that had been home
  to her uniform an hour before. "Sod it" she thought, "I'm in" She stripped
  off her football shirt and hesitated before removing her bra and shorts. A
  huge cheer erupted as she splashed into the water and sunk beneath the foam "Best
  behaviour boys" warned Mr Jenkins, but he needn't have bothered. The boys were
  much more worried about revealing their immature manhood to Gail then she was
  about them gawping at her toned and pert body. The redness on her bottom had
  already receded and the sight of so many naked young men left her in a state
  of serious excitement. Her breasts floated gently upon the foam as she allowed
  Chris to wash her hair and soap her young body from head to toe.  
As she rose from the water someone handed her a towel and the ring around
  her reformed allowing her to towel her perfect body dry before dressing and
  heading back to her dorm.  
Ellen was sitting on the bed in the room they shared as she returned. Her
  eyes open wide and she gasped as Gail recounted the afternoon's events to her. "I
  can't believe your luck" Ellen exclaimed. "I had to supervise the little brats
  by myself and I'm sure they knew what had just happened to me. I can only just
  sit down now."  
Well, we might have a bit more fun in about an hour" Confided Gail "Peter
  Burns has to return my clothing and I think the house matron might let us have
  a little fun with him when he gets here" The matron listened as Gail filled
  her in on the day's events. She was cross about the episode with Mr Bruce,
  but felt both girls had been punished sufficiently. "So Burns is to do PE with
  the girls from now on" she mused "I think we should sort him out with a suitable
  uniform and PE kit before he leaves, don't you" All the girls present giggled
  at the thought of one of the boys dressed in a skirt and blouse, and were already
  looking forward to seeing his arse wrapped in a pair of PE knickers peeking
  from underneath a netball skirt.  
As Peter approached the Girl's house carrying a neat pile of freshly laundered
  clothes, he was filled with trepidation. This area was out of bounds to all
  boys and he guessed he was not in for an easy ride. He knocked on the door
  and was surprised to be ordered inside. In the common room, the entire house
  contingent was sat around the walls while a chair had been set in the middle
  of the room. "Over to the chair boy" ordered the Matron taking the clothes
  from him. Peter stood by the chair, shivering in his still wet clothes. "Strip
  and dry yourself off you silly boy" barked the matron "you don't want a chill
  do you." Peter stripped down to his underpants "All of it" came the command.
  With a look of pleading on his face is turned to Gail for support. Gail just
  grinned and winked at him. "Come on big boy, lets see what you've got, I want
  to see if you stack up to your classmates" All the girls laughed and Peter
  eventually pulled down his pants to reveal his prick, shrunken to near invisibility
  by the cold, damp clothing he had endured all afternoon. A burst of laughter
  rang out as he tried to hide behind the chair, but he was too late. Every girl
  in the school had seen him naked and he knew he could never live it down. The
  Matron now approached him carry a tin of evil smelling cream. The girls recognised
  it as the depilatory cream many of them used on their legs and armpits. This
  was industrial strength stuff that inhibited re-growth for months. "Stand up
  straight boy" The matron ordered. She donned a pair of rubber gloves and proceeded
  to smear a thick layer onto Peter's entire body from the neck down. She took
  great care to rub the cream well into his genitals, butt and chest. Peter had
  never heard of hair removal cream, but as the burning sensation increased over
  the full 20 minutes the matron made him stand there, he guessed what might
  be happening. The matron returned carrying a small stack of rough looking cloths.
  She started to methodically wipe him down, starting at the neck and shortly,
  all trace of cream and body hair was gone. "You smell like a chemical factory" snapped
  the matron "Get into the shower and wash thoroughly" She escorted him to a
  shower room and watched as he showered and lathered with the perfumed soap.
  As soon as he was dry, she brought him back into the common room to endure
  more shouts of derision as Gail and Ellen helped him dress in the girl's regulation
  school uniform. The Navy knickers and white bra went on first - a pair of socks
  were rolled up and stuffed into the cups, a pair of navy tights were pulled
  on with great difficulty as they were a bit small. The tights flattened out
  any bulge that might have been present but left the boy in some discomfort.
  A white blouse was buttoned up and an old fashioned pinafore dress was pulled
  over the boys head and zipped into place. The tie, shoes, blazer and boater
  completed the transformation and Peter hung his head in shame. "Here's your
  PE Kit" said the matron "Don't forget, you are to present yourself to Miss
  Matless at the beginning of the lesson. She will supervise your changing in
  the corridor outside the changing room and will allow you to shower when the
  girls have changed after the lesson is over."  
"How long am I supposed to dress like this" asked Peter "Until the end of
  term, at least" replied the Matron "We feel that your attitude may well improve
  when you are on the other end of the bullying. Now go back to your Dorm House
  and get your Prep done." Peter left and headed back to his dormitory.  
"You girl" a voice rang out "What are you doing in the boys house ? it's
  out of bounds" Peter turned to see who had called and saw Mr Jenkins the PE
  teacher approaching. Mr Jenkins laughed when he saw who it was "You make a
  very convincing girl Burns, even if you are somewhat ugly. Now get to your
  room and get your homework finished before lights out." Peter made his way
  through the building enduring many looks, laughs, catcalls and gropes. He ran
  to his room and started to pull his uniform off. It was only when he stripped
  down to his new underwear that he realised that all his normal clothing was
  missing from his locker. Even his shorts and t-shirt he normally slept in were
  missing. The only thing in there was a pair of pink satin pyjamas and a spare
  pair of knickers. He sat on his bed and wept. He decided to risk the punishment
  for not doing his prep and pulled on the pyjamas before climbing into bed.
  His roommates returned some time later and jeered and abused him until they
  tired of it and went to bed themselves.  
The next week was hell for Peter. His arse was mercilessly pinched wherever
  he went, his padded chest was groped and his new bra strap pulled whenever
  possible. The class started calling him Petunia and ignored him at break and
  prep times. Even the girls just laughed as he walked around and all reminded
  him of his further ordeal to come. It was soon the morning of his first PE
  lesson with the girls. Peter picked up his PE kit and headed for the changing
  room. He met Miss Matless outside her office and she escorted him to the corridor
  that ran to the changing room. "Change here" she said, indicating to a chair
  in the passageway. He started to change as the girls started to stream past. "That's
  it, everything off, your sports underwear is in the bag." supervised the teacher.
  She helped him with the clasp on the bra and positioned his netball skirt correctly.
  Gail and Ellen passed by and looked Peter up and down and Gail said "I hope
  you like netball Petunia, I know I'm looking forward to seeing your bum underneath
  your flapping skirt." They laughed and swept him outside.  
The games lesson was as bad as it could have been. The girls took every opportunity
  to humiliate Peter, and he was soon reduced to tears as his skirt was ripped
  from him for the 4 th  time. "If you can't keep your
  skirt on, you can leave it by the goal post "Shouted Miss Matless. In frustration
  with the lack of concentration the girls were showing, she abandoned the netball
  and sent them on a run around the playing fields. As they left her sight, things
  for Peter got a lot, lot worse.  
As Peter rounded the fence that separated the fields from the school, Gail,
  Ellen and half a dozen other powerfully built girls were laying in wait for
  him. Before he new it, he was tripped over and laying on his back, all 4 limbs
  pinned down. Gail strode over him, gazing down past her muscular frame at the
  quivering boy beneath her. She then sat comfortably upon his chest facing his
  legs. Wham ! her fist hit him in the groin harder than he could imagine. He
  groaned and tried to fold into the foetal position, but the girls hung on and
  he remained pinned to the ground as all the fight went out of him. With some
  difficulty, Ellen removed his knickers revealing his prick, still as shrunken
  as ever. She grabbed it between finger and thumb and pulled it as hard as she
  could. "No good" she said "I can't find more than a few inches here.  
"Lets try his tongue then" said Gail. She lifted herself a little and pulled
  down her own knickers revealing her bottom and moist pussy and then sat heavily
  upon Peter's face. "Now see how far you can stick your tongue up my arse" she
  demanded. It was not pleasant. He tried to lick her clit or gain entry into
  her pussy but Gail shifted her position and left him no option but to investigate
  her sweaty, smelly anus. His tongue licked, tentatively at first, but then
  penetrated deeper and deeper as Gail puckered anus relaxed. She grunted and
  farted wetly. Peter spluttered and the girls all laughed. "Carry on" she said
  or I'll get Ellen to kick you so hard your bollocks will explode. Peter resumed
  his duties and found himself becoming hard despite the thought of what he was
  actually doing. He had never a sexual experience and the closeness of his head
  to Gail's sex was intoxicating, despite the situation he was forced to endure.  
Eventually, Gail was satisfied and lifted her weight from his face. "We'd
  better get going or Mattress will get suspicious." They got to there feet and
  dragged Peter up too. "Get your knickers on slut, we need to hurry back" He
  found his knickers, pulled them on and hurried after the others. His hard on
  soon subsided as they ran the last few hundred yard back to the waiting PE
  teacher. "Right girls, in the showers quickly please. Gail, please get changed
  for your football practice and then come and get Peter when the girls are suitably
  dressed please." Peter helped the teacher pack away the netballs before retrieving
  his skirt and walking back to his chair in the corridor. To his surprise his
  pile of clothes and bag were gone. He sat down and waited for Gail to fetch
  him in for the next stage of his humiliation, a shower in front of all the
  6 th  form girls. Gail opened the door and beckoned
  him into the changing room. The smell of perfume and talc filled the air and
  he could see many of the girls were only just dressing, their bras and knickers
  still in evidence. He made his way to the showers where Gail was waiting. "Right
  slut, strip and get in there. You smell worse than my arse" All the girls laughed
  at this insult and Peter hurried to obey. Ellen helped him remove the sweaty
  garments and lifted his netball top over his head. She propelled him into the
  showers with a swift slap to his bottom and he pranced into the showers to
  the screams of laughter of the girls. The shower was freezing ! "Oh sorry,
  did we use all the hot water ?" called Ellen as he shivered in the cold spray.
  She threw him a bottle of scented shampoo and he washed his hair and body until
  the smell of Gail's bottom was but a memory. The shower stopped abruptly and
  Peter walked out to fetch a towel. Many of the girls had gone by this time,
  but Gail and Ellen remained. Gail had changed into her football kit &ndash; His
  football kit until last week. She looked more like a tomboy than ever, while
  he felt more like a little girl every minute. He pulled on his clothes and
  headed for the door. "Not so fast" said Gail I have another task for you to
  complete. She removed her shorts and forced Peter to lie on the bench. She
  lowered her still wet pussy onto Peter's mouth and forced him to lick her until
  she came in one huge orgasmic wave. "Do you know" said Gail, panting slightly "I
  really do enjoy coming out on top, don't you"  
Peter woke the following morning coughing and shivering. The previous week's
  events had left him feeling very run down and his body had finally had enough.
  His bunk mate took one look at him and went to fetch the house master. He summoned
  the matron who insisted he be taken to her room where she could nurse him intensively.
  So Peter ended up tucked into bed in the Matron's room in the girl's dormitory
  house.  
The matron was the stereotypical figure of a school house mother. In her
  mid 50s, she was a plump, busty woman dressed in the eternal nurse's uniform
  of the buttoned dress of her profession. She was strict and did not suffer
  malingerers gladly, but would tend to the genuinely ill with the care of a
  mother. She sat on Peter's bed and took his temperature and tucked his covers
  a little deeper. "The Paracetamol will take effect soon" she said "you will
  feel a little better by tonight I think, in the meantime, just rest" She turned
  off the light and Peter drifted off to sleep.  
By that evening, Peter felt well enough to get up. The Matron allowed him
  to sit in the common room with the girls for an hour before lights out, but
  sent him to back to her room as he started to tire. He sat next to her on the
  sofa in her living room and she cuddled him to her bosom. Peter nuzzled her
  breast and was surprised not to be pushed away. In fact, the matron pulled
  him closer and had unbuttoned the top of her dress. She manipulated her breasts
  until a nipple had popped from her bra and fell into Peter's waiting mouth.
  He sucked on the nipple and found comfort and solace. He then tasted the warm,
  sweet liquid that was breast milk. He looked up a little shocked but the matron
  simply smiled and stroked his head as she nursed him. He carried on suckling
  for almost half an hour until the flow ceased and he felt satisfied. He fell
  into a comfortable doze and allowed the matron to tuck him into the bed like
  a baby.  
The following morning Peter felt well enough to get up and return to his
  dormitory, but the Matron had other plans. "I think you can move into the Girls
  House until the end of term" She said. "I will make you up a bed in the box
  room in my quarters and you will use my bathroom." Peter had very mixed feelings
  about this. He did not wish to become a girl, he wanted to get back into trousers
  and rejoin his friends, but he also enjoyed the close company of the girls,
  even Gail and Ellen were less frosty with him now. He also guessed that the
  matron might well continue to nurse him despite his return to health and the
  previous session had certainly been an experience. But he had no choice. The
  porters brought his things over and set up a bed in the box room that led off
  the matron's own bedroom. After lessons and tea that day he headed to his new
  home and settled to his prep. At lights out he made his way to his bedroom
  and changed for bed. As he headed to the bathroom he walked back through the
  Matron's room. She was getting ready for bed herself, her dress was unbuttoned
  showing her plump frame and sturdy underwear. He blushed and looked away. She
  smiled and walked over to him. "It's alright, you won't embarrass me, I wouldn't
  have had you move in if it did." She pulled him closer to her, his head pushed
  into her bosom again "Did you enjoy yourself last night" She asked  
"Sort of" Peter replied  
"I know it must be confusing for you right now, but love can come in many
  forms. Would you like to kiss my breasts again ?"  
Peter nuzzled between her great pendulous breasts and caressed the soft flesh
  with his hands. He kissed the softly scented skin before allowing his tongue
  to touch her large, engorged nipple. She pulled him away a little and led him
  to her bed. She reclined onto the pillows and encouraged Peter to join her.
  He willingly climbed onto the bed and lay next to her, recommencing his attentions
  to her bosom.  
Peter felt the matrons hands exploring his body, his neck, his chest and
  slipping gently down to discover his yearning cock through the thin satin of
  the girls pyjamas he wore. Peter was unsure what to do next. This woman he
  had known for 5 years as a mother figure was now leading him into his first
  sexual experience. He stopped and moved away a little. The matron sensed his
  discomfort and sought to reassure him. "It's OK, just do what feels natural.
  I am not going to hurt you" She reached down and removed her knickers. These
  were almost the same as the full briefs the girls wore as part of their uniform,
  but unlike them, her vagina was mature, pronounced and open. She grasped his
  hand and led it down to her very well trimmed pussy, She saw him looking at
  the few wisps of hair that were left "Much more hygienic" She smiled still
  working his hand into the proper position. Peter had never touch a woman in
  such a gentle and intimate way before, he had tried to grope a few girls but
  they had resisted and the flesh had been unyielding to his touch. This was
  different. Her pussy was warm and the skin felt soft and pliable. With a little
  guidance is worked a few fingers between the folds of her labia and slid them
  into the soft pink tunnel. The matron spread her legs wider and her clit and
  puckered pink anus came into view. Peter reached with his other hand and stroked
  the nub of the clit as it peeked out from under it's hood. He bent down and
  kissed her pussy. The sensation was so different from the forced licking of
  Gail's arse and pussy, this was something he wanted to do. The matron stretched
  the skin and rotated her hips to get Peter's tongue to the positions she wanted.
  First her clit, then her pussy and even her anus. Soon Peter was gripping her
  hips and pressing his head into her groin as hard as he could.  
With a great shuddering groan, the Matron came. She pulled Peter up and kissed
  him full on the lips. "Thank you" she said "I think we will get on quite well
  together" She reached down and grabbed his cock. It was still very hard, but
  was only a few inches long and not wide enough for her to feel in her capacious
  pussy. Instead, she guided it between her breasts and he tit fucked her to
  orgasm.  
Peter lay next to the Matron on her bed, hardly believing the experience
  he had just had. He dozed gently and felt the matron get up and head for the
  shower. After a few minutes he followed her into the shower room and joined
  her in the cubicle. She smiled and beckoned him in, clutching a sponge and
  bottle of sweet smelling soap. She washed him from head to toe before they
  towelled each other dry and headed back to the bedroom. Good night she whispered
  as he walked back to his bedroom. Little did Peter know what awaited him in
  the morning.  
As Peter awoke he sensed all was not right. There had been a couple of urgent
  phone calls and a hurried whispered discussion out of earshot as he had come
  to. The Matron came into his room and sat on the end of his bed. The maternal
  air was back, gone was the sensual woman whom he pleasured a few hours before. "I
  understand you live with your Grandmother outside of term time, is that correct
  ?  
"Yes it is"  
"Do you have any other relatives ?  
"No, my parents died when I was young, Gran used their money to keep me and
  send me here, Why"  
"I have some very bad news" Said the Matron "Your Grandmother was found dead
  this morning. It appears she had a massive stroke and died very quickly. I
  am very sorry"  
Peter did not know what to say. He was not that close to his grandmother,
  but she had been his only link with the past.  
"We will of course arrange for you to go to the funeral and attend to any
  thing else that you need to" went on the matron "I will come with you if you
  wish" Peter nodded mutely.  
The week before the funeral passed as a blur. Peter's relationship with the
  matron became maternal again, but she did insist that he wore the girls uniform
  and remain sleeping in her quarters. The funeral was a small affair as there
  were no mourners other than Peter &amp; the Matron. She took him back to his
  Grandmother's home and helped him pack his belongings and a few keepsakes into
  her car. The house was to be sold and when Peter was 21, he would be a wealthy
  man. All his school fees would be paid and he would want for nothing. The problem
  was who would care for him until he reached the age of 18. At the age of 15,
  he was unlikely to be fostered and living in a children's home would mean him
  leaving school. In the end, the solution was found. The matron agreed to foster
  Peter and care for him until he left school. She became both mother and lover
  to him. The fact she was keeping him petticoated left him with few male friends
  and none of the girls were interested past friendship.  
The Matron had decided Peter's fate even before she became his guardian.
  She was not looking for some immature toy boy, but a slave to service her needs.
  A slave did not need a cock, and a girl would be much easier to keep. The first
  stage was to stop his willy working and to feminize him and soften his body.
  Large doses of hormones delivered in his food soon started the process. He
  was effectively chemically castrated and within weeks, hard-on's and orgasms
  became a distant memory for him. Within months, his breasts started to grow
  and his nipples gained huge sensitivity. But is was the attitude change that
  was most obvious. Being exposed to girls for most of the day and subject to
  the Matrons close attentions each evening left Peter without the need to show
  aggression and the testosterone fuelled competitiveness that filled most boys
  of his age. He soon started to accept the wearing of girl's clothes as normal
  and his yearnings for his old uniform subsided. The matron hoped that within
  a year she could persuade him to have his genitals removed, leaving him a sexless
  eunuch for her pleasure.  
It was over 2 months after his Grandmother's funeral that the Matron had
  some good news for Peter. "I think it is time you moved back into a dormitory"  
"Not a boy's dormitory Ma'am ?"  
"No my darling a room in the girl's house, I think you can be trusted. Come
  and meet your new room mates" The Matron led the way to a small, 4 bedded room
  on the top floor. These rooms were used by the 6 th  form
  girls as they were more private than the larger dorms and each had it's own
  shower and toilet. The matron opened the door to reveal Gail and Ellen, Peter's
  old adversaries.  
"Him Ma'am" Wailed Ellen "A boy in our room, it's outrageous, I write to
  tell my parents its&hellip;"  
"Its not a problem" Interrupted Gail "We will make him welcome, won't we
  Ellen ?" Ellen looked sulky but did not argue with her friend.  
"Good, if that's sorted, we can move your things in then Polly" Matron used
  the female form of his name she had adopted. She knew that Gail had already
  thought of some fun with the boy to further weaken his resolve. She also knew
  that he was completely impotent and that sex was not an option. Peter looked
  very apprehensive, but Matron knew no lasting harm would be done to him.  
A Little later that evening as the trio changed for bed, Gail started the
  first stage of her plan. As Peter stripped off she approached him from behind
  and grasped his prick with a vice like grip. "What's this piece of flesh then
  ? It doesn't seem to do very much"  
"it's just part of the old me" Mumbled Peter, I don't like to think about
  it any more."  
"Hmm, well we might have to see about that" We knelt in front of Peter and
  placed the flaccid member in her mouth. She sucked and caressed, but to no
  avail. His shrivelled balls did not produce enough testosterone to combat the
  huge amounts of female hormones coursing round the body and his willy remained
  unresponsive. Tiring of her game Gail tried something new. She laid Peter on
  his bed and straddled his unresisting body. She had recently shaved her pussy
  and now positioned her denuded pudenda over his nose and mouth. "I wonder if
  your technique has improved over the last few months, because you were pretty
  crap to start off with" She relaxed onto his mouth and felt his willing tongue
  explore her young tight pussy. Ellen stood back and watched, willing her friend
  to let her have a turn on their own personal human dildo. Gail beckoned her
  closer, placed her hand upon her friends moist pussy. She smiled when she felt
  the dampness started to finger fuck her while feeling her own mounting pleasure. "Change
  positions" she demanded "Ellen take Peters place and you can lick her pussy
  while she licks mine" A melee of naked bodies ensued, but soon everybody had
  settled into a new regime and 2 orgasms were not far away. "Lick my arse and
  penetrate me with your fingers" Gasped Ellen and Gail obliged. Peter got the
  idea and did the same to Gail, he licked her anus and worked his tongue deeply
  into her passage. He slid first one, then two, then 3 fingers into moist, accommodating
  pussy, felling her come as her anus contract around his tongue and her pussy
  pulsate and grind on his fingers. His pleasure was only in making others come.
  He felt no urge to be touched or satisfied and his dick remained soft.  
"You are getting a bit hairy again Peter" Remarked Gail  
"Shall I run down and get the depilatory cream from Matron ?" Asked Ellen  
"No, I think we should try something a bit longer lasting. Let's wax him" Replied
  Gail. The girls busied themselves preparing the bowl of hot wax and strips
  of cloth with which to wrench out as much of Peter's body hair as possible.  
"Lie on that blanket on the bed" Ordered Ellen and Peter complied. He lay
  face down, but Ellen slapped his naked arse and ordered him to turn over. "Legs
  first, then your crotch, balls and bum I think. If we have enough wax left
  we will do your armpits and chest as well"  
The warm wax felt quite nice as the spread the first strips on. The removal
  was not so pleasant though. The girls pressed the strips of cloth onto the
  wax and ripped them off with a flick of the wrist. The front of the legs were
  not too bad, but the thighs and backs were quite painful and as they started
  around his balls and shrivelled cock, he could not help but to cry out in pain.
  The girls were both merciless and thorough. The smeared the wax down his arse
  crack to reach every possible hair and if they missed any hair they re-waxed
  and plucked until after an hour and a half, they were satisfied with the lower
  half of his body.  
"OK, chest and armpits then" Said Ellen looking into the bowl of wax and
  deciding they had enough. Peter's chest hair was light and wispy and so took
  no time at all. His under arms only took a little longer, but the wax was getting
  a bit sticky and they pulled off quite a bit of skin as well, causing Peter
  to cry out again. Matron heard the cries and came in to see the problem. When
  she saw the waxing and the professional job the girls were doing, she seemed
  satisfied. "Don't forget the tea tree oil after he has showered" she said "Send
  Peter down and I will apply it and check for any in-growing hairs or possible
  infection problems"  
Peter stepped into the shower accompanied by a naked Gail. She gently washed
  his skin with a medicated soap, taking care to work it well into every nook
  and cranny. As the water cascaded down, she pushed Peters head down between
  her legs and forced him to pleasure her yet again. The stream of water flowing
  down Gail's body combined with the deep moist tunnel of her pussy made it hard
  for Peter to breathe, but Gail did not care. She held his head firmly into
  position, so he sucked and licked as his head reeled and he almost passed out.
  Eventually, she came, releasing her grip just before he lost consciousness
  he collapsed back against the edge of the cubicle, gasping for breath. She
  look down at his white face and almost blue lips and laughed. "If you puke,
  I'll force you to clean it up with your tooth brush, so hold onto it OK"  
A little later, Peter made his way down to the Matron's room wrapped only
  in a towel. She was waiting for him, but did not seem to mind that he was late.
  She applied the tea tree oil with a cloth to his damp body. The lotion was
  soon absorbed and the antiseptic properties made his skin sting a little. She
  fingered his cock and was pleased to see it remained unresponsive. "I think
  we should consider a little operation" she said "Your balls are unnecessary
  now, and I think we will remove them. We will have you cock removed as well
  to stop any nasty bulges in your knickers. Peter did not object. More and more,
  he felt like an outsider watching these things happening to someone else. The
  fact that the woman he had trusted for over 5 years was proposing to remove
  his last link with masculinity did not seem to register with him. He nodded
  mutely and stood there passively as the Matron made the arrangements for the
  surgery the following week.  
Peter and the matron arrived at the small private hospital on the following
  Monday morning. Peter was dressed in his normal school girl uniform, although
  the hormone treatment had long since made the socks in his bra obsolete. A
  smiling nurse met them and took them to a private room. The matron left the
  young nurse to help Peter undress and prepare him for the operation. She slid
  all his clothes from him and then shaved the odd bit of stubble from his groin.
  She fingered his soft cock and seemed disappointed not to get a reaction. She
  leant forward and placed her lips around his flaccid member. She sucked and
  kissed, but Peter remained unresponsive. Guessing that Peter's pleasuring might
  lay in other methods she spread his legs far apart, and started to probe his
  anus with her finger. Peter was still not bothered and simply lay there as
  if his mind had left his body. The nurse slipped to the door and locked it
  before returning to Peter, sliding her silk knickers off and straddling him,
  her pert young bottom pressing into his face. Peter responded by touching and
  kissing the nurses pussy, sensing her needs and meeting them with a speed she
  had never before experienced. "Oh she gasped you fuck slut" She ground her
  pussy against Peter's face until she came accompanied with a huge resonant
  fart. Peter coughed and spluttered but did not recoil in disgust. His days
  and nights with The Matron, Gail and Ellen had taught him to accept anything
  they wanted to do with him. Only 2 days previously, Gail needed to piss while
  he was licking her pussy in the changing rooms and had just let go all over
  his head and face, using his hair to dry herself. He had brought her to orgasm
  almost blinded by the stinging urine, his body reeking.  
Before she left, the nurse administered the pre-med and Peter dozed off to
  sleep. He did not hear the porters arrive to wheel him to his fate, nor feel
  the mask that put him under. When he awoke he felt a little pain in his groin
  but felt no sadness from the loss of his masculinity.  
Peter left hospital 3 days later. He had had the bandages removed the previous
  day and had seen his new groin for the first time. He had expected to look
  feminine, but was very disappointed. Instead of any recognisable sexual organs,
  the area between his legs transitioned from his butt to his stomach with a
  couple of stitched wounds and just a small hole for him to piss through. There
  was no sensation of pleasure when he touched his crotch and he soon dressed
  to cover the area as it held no more interest to him than his armpit or belly
  button. His knickers fitted a little better and he could now wear any clothing
  without the worry of a bulge. He had to squat to piss, but the girls had forced
  him to do this for months anyway.  
As soon as Peter returned to his room, the girls forced him to strip so that
  they could see the results of the operation. Peter simply stood there as they
  touched his groin, unable to feel most of what they did. Secretly, Ellen was
  a little upset. She had often fantasized about screwing with Peter, but this
  was now never to happen. Still as an attractive sporty blonde, she would never
  be short of available cock and Peter was never much of a stallion. Gail was
  not bothered, she had Chris.  
Chris was the boy that had first invited Gail into the baths at her first
  football lesson. She still had the football classes but bathed less regularly
  with the team now as Chris preferred to keep her for himself. It was he that
  had shaved Gail's pussy and he had started to dominate her life completely.
  He had started to impose new rules onto her and in fact, she was now under
  his complete control. Chris's current plan was to have Gail fitted with some
  rings through her tits and pussy. With these he could control her most intimate
  parts of her body whenever he wanted.  
The pussy shaving had taken place the previous day and Gail winced at the
  recent memory. Chris had forced her to lie on a bench in the changing room
  and had removed her knickers, leaving her skirt in place, ready to flip down
  if they were interrupted. He had started by trimming any long hairs with a
  pair of nail scissors before covering her pubes with a thick layer of shaving
  cream. The razor was not very sharp and had rasped over her skin as Chris inexpertly
  shaved her. Although he shaved his own chin, the skin around the genitals is
  much softer and harder to shave without nicking the skin. He ordered Gail to
  spread her legs wide and removed as much hair as he could from her anus, leaving
  her with an itchy stubble and dull red rash that spread from the swell of her
  tummy to the crack of her arse. The tiny cuts he had left were already stinging
  when Chris had finished off with a splash of after shave, leaving Gail's entire
  crotch burning and itching for the rest of the evening.  
The following day, the girls were finishing their PE lessons and showering.
  Now gelded, Peter showered and changed with the girls and hardly raised a glance.
  Gail and Ellen had held him back as the other girls had departed and Gail was
  currently enjoying his services. She lay naked from the waist down on one of
  the benches with Ellen kissing her face and fondling her tits while Peter was
  enduring stubble rash as her licked her roughly shaven pussy. Gail was aware
  that Peter had suddenly stopped his attentions, but could not have expected
  what happened next. Wham, Slap ! A large male hand crashed into her throbbing
  pussy instantly destroying her mounting orgasm. She opened her eyes and pushed
  Ellen away to see Chris standing there holding Peter around the neck and looking
  angrier than she had ever seen.  
"I thought you understood you are mine" He roared "You prefer the attentions
  of a lesbian and this freak over me ?"  
"No, it's not like that" She whispered, terrified of the young man and the
  hold he had over her. "I didn't know you were there and I&hellip;"  
"Enough" he interrupted, sweeping her off the bench and sitting himself in
  her place. "You will all be punished for your lack of discipline" He grabbed
  Gail and forced her over his knee and started to rain blows upon her bottom  
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry" She sobbed, but Chris took no notice. He flipped her
  over, ordered her to spread her legs and landed yet more blows upon her pussy.
  Eventually, Gail collapsed upon the floor weeping uncontrollably, and Chris
  left her to rub her tender pussy and red buttocks.  
Chris decided to punish Ellen &amp; Peter differently. He pulled up Peters
  skirt, ripped his schoolgirl navy knickers down and inserted his hard cock
  into Peter's arse. Peter shrieked with the pain of the dry insertion. He had
  never had anal sex before and Chris gave him a very rough ride, though mercifully
  short. Chris felt Peter's inexperienced ring rip and the sticky blood oozed
  around his prick. He ignored the cries of both Peter and the 2 girls and continued
  to butt fuck him until he shot his load of warm cum onto Peter's arse before
  withdrawing, leaving him a sobbing, used fuck slut.  
Chris then force Peter to squat over Ellen's face, his ripped and bloody
  anus just inches from her face and ordered him to shit the cum into her mouth
  while she licked any stray globules from his arse. The taste was awful. The
  salty effusion was mixed with the blood from Peter's torn butt and the remnants
  of the last shit he had had. At last, Chris was happy that she had licked Peter
  clean and ordered them to dress and leave him alone with Gail. Ellen and Peter
  returned to their dorm, too shocked to continue with normal lessons.  
Chris looked at his slave. She stood there in just her blouse and bra, her
  swollen pussy and red buttocks still prominent. She was obviously very shocked
  at Chris's attack on Peter, but dare not say anything as it would inevitably
  to more beatings. Chris beckoned her forward and indicated that she was to
  clean his now soft shit, sperm and blood covered cock with her tongue. She
  recoiled at the smell but bent to her task as all good slave should. "We have
  a visit to go on this Saturday" Chris announced "I have decided to fit you
  with some decorations and also the ability to stop you from playing with yourself
  when I am not with you. We will go to the piercing parlour in Chepstow and
  have your pussy and tits done." Gail opened her mouth to complain, but knew
  better.  
"Yes master" she whispered. Chris ordered her to dress and they left the
  changing rooms, Gail very apprehensive and Chris excited about their excursion.  
On Saturday, Chris called for Gail and they walked to the bus stop together.
  Chris had instructed her to wear her tightest clothes &ndash; a pair of stretch
  jeans and a white vest top, worn without a bra. The shape of her nipples was
  very evident through the material and Chris knew the piercings would show through
  just as well. The tight jeans completed the slutty image. Chris carried a bag,
  the contents of which he kept secret. The bus trip took about 40 minutes and
  all too soon they were standing outside a dingy looking tattoo parlour in a
  back street of Chepstow. Chris ushered her inside.  
The heavily tattooed owner looked up from the soldier he was currently tattooing
  with his regimental crest. "Be with you in 10 minutes" he said, recognising
  Chris "Take her through to the back and get her undressed and on the couch." Chris
  led Gail through an archway to where an old fashioned surgical examination
  couch was set up in the middle of the room. "Strip and climb onto the couch" Chris
  ordered. Gail responded, stripping off and approaching the couch but hesitated
  when she realised that their was no door and if anyone should enter the shop
  they would be able to see her. "What's up, Shy ?" Chris chided "You are not
  exactly discreet normally are you?" Gail blushed and climbed onto the couch.
  By bending and folding her knees she managed to sit in such a way to cover
  her modesty to most casual observers.  
The tattooist walked in pushing a trolley covered in medical instruments,
  sterilised needles and an array of gold piercings. "What did you have in mind" He
  asked, addressing Chris  
"Nipple rings and something creative on her cunt" replied Chris walking over
  to Gail's side.  
"Hmm," replied the Tattooist "How about dual nipple piercings, vertical bars
  and horizontal rings. That way you can join the nipples together and attach
  ropes and weights at the same time." He grabbed Gail's erect nipples and pulled
  and twisted them. She slapped his arm away and covered her breasts from his
  view. "Restraints it is then" Said the tattooist reaching under the table and
  producing a box of thick straps. With Chris's help he strapped Gail's arms
  to the back of the table and her ankles to a pair of stirrups that flipped
  up from underneath the table. Gail was immobilised and totally exposed, both
  to her captors and anybody who walked into the shop. "Sorry, we were saying
  dual nipple piercings" The tattooist carried on, "Clit hood ring obviously,
  I don't think I can get one into her clit at her age, it needs to grow a bit
  for that. I've got these lace holes that would work on her pussy. I can fit
  4 either side of her slit and you can then feed a shoe lace or thin steel cable
  and padlock her shut. I have also got a pointed locking stud that if I pierce
  through her perineum will prevent her from fucking without you removing it
  with the key." As the tattooist described each piercing, Gail was filled with
  greater with dread. She had envisaged a pair of small nipple rings and maybe
  a clit ring, but Chris wanted to control access to her pussy and be able to
  punish and torture her tits at will.  
With no further delay the tattooist withdrew a new needle from a packet and
  pulling her left nipple as far as he could pushed the needle through from top
  to bottom. Gail yelped with pain as the blood oozed from the wound. The tattooist
  pushed a 1" bar through and clipped the ball onto the end. He repeated the
  procedure on her right nipple before using a larger needle to make the holes
  for the rings. These were nearly an inch in diameter with a white gold bead
  to the bottom. They looked like something a belly dancer would wear and no
  amount of bra would ever disguise them. The rings clicked shut and would require
  cutting to remove.  
Gail's clit was next to receive the attentions of the tattooist. He pulled
  the hood above the clit away from her pussy and pushed through the needle.
  As the needle came through the hood it pricked her clitoris causing an agony
  that Gail had never before experienced. She screamed so loud that the tattooist
  paused before inserting the ring to allow her to calm down.  
The shop door opened, and 2 men walked in. As their eyes adjusted to the
  gloom of the shop, they did not see Gail straight away and moved out of sight
  into the front of the shop. "Excuse me" the tattooist said to Chris "I'll just
  see what they want" He left the room and walked onto the from of the shop.
  After a few minutes of talk, the men appeared back into view and the tattooist
  ushered them into a pair of seats just outside of the room that Gail lay prostrate.
  They could not help but to see the girl strapped to the couch and turned to
  watch as the tattooist carried on with his work. The perineum spike was next.
  The tattooist inserted his gloved finger in her anus so he could fell as the
  needle came through. Satisfied, he withdrew the needle and pushed the spike
  in. He then took a small, flat button and clipped it onto the end of the spike
  that protruded into anus. "It works like this" He said motioning Chris over "It's
  like the clothing tags you find in stores. You need a magnetic holder that
  is just the right size and it fits into her arse like this" He inserted a metal
  tool like a spatula into her arse and she felt the magnetic tip click onto
  the button. As he withdrew the probe, she could see the button on the end of
  it. He pulled the button off the instrument and inserted back up her bottom. "As
  you see, the spike sticks out into her vagina" The Tattooist continued "Anybody
  trying to fuck her or even finger won't be able to get past if without them
  both being in pain"  
Chris smiled, "I like it, maybe I'll get her fuckslut to lick her cunt without
  telling him it's there."  
Gail groaned at the thought of anybody touching her ever again. Even without
  the last 8 rings her body was already pulsing with pain. There was no doubt
  that the tattooist had left the best until last. The eyelets required a larger
  hole and had to be crimped into place. The procedure took 20 minutes and when
  it was finished, Gail's pussy was bleeding and bruised, the eyelets shiny and
  bright within the raw flesh of her damaged cunt. Her agony was beyond tears
  and she just looked imploringly at Chris. He simply smiled back and continued
  to watch the procedure. The tattooist finished the job by threading a thin
  surgical steel cable through the holes inserting the ends into a small padlock.
  Gail was untied and helped down from the table. Most of her wounds had stopped
  bleeding so she cleaned herself up with some antiseptic wipes and moved slowly
  to the pile of clothes. She tried to pull her knickers on, but the tightness
  of the material was more than her damaged pussy could stand. Her Vest top was
  pulled on instead. This was tight across her nipples, but was OK so long as
  she stood still. Chris produced a netball skirt and a pair of baggy PE knickers
  from his bag and helped her dress. She looked like a slutty schoolgirl, her
  nipple rings visible through her T-Shirt. Black stiletto shoes and short socks
  combined with the short netball skirt made her legs look longer than usual
  and she would pass as a hooker in any neighbourhood.  
"That will be &pound;195 please" the tattooist announced. Chris looked at
  Gail  
"They're your piercings" He snapped "You're paying"  
Gail looked aghast. She had never expected pay for the work herself and had
  less than &pound;20 on her. "I haven't got enough money" She stuttered, tipping
  the contents of her purse into the tattooists waiting hand "I will have to
  owe you until I can get the rest"  
The tattooist looked angry. "I have half a mind to rip those rings out right
  now"  
"Can she pay you kind ?" asked Chris " A blow job from an 18 year old must
  be worth &pound;50 and she can come back to pay the balance next week."  
The tattooist agreed and dropped his trousers, his cock unfolding from his
  dirty shorts to meet Gail's unwilling lips. His cock was smelly and much bigger
  than any school boy she had ever encountered. She took as much into her mouth
  as she could, but the man pushed in deeper until his cock was making her gag
  as it hit the back of her throat. She managed not to wretch until he came,
  the salty goo coated her throat and she just made it to the sink in time. The
  2 men in the front of the shop laughed as the girl heaved and deposited the
  last of her breakfast in the sink. The Tattooist slapped her arse and whispered "See
  you next week darling" as Gail left the shop led by Chris.  
The bus ride was hell. The old bus bumped and clattered along the country
  road with Gail feeling vibration. Her pussy vied with her tits for the title
  of most painful part of her body and she felt the journey would never end.
  Eventually the bus deposited them at the end of Hope Road and they walked to
  school.  
Over the next week, Gail's pussy healed and her tits got used to the constant
  tugging of the rings and bars. She wore her thick sports bra and an oversized
  blouse to conceal her secret as body piercings of any sort were forbidden at
  the school, even for students in their final year. Matron however was sharp
  eyed and called her into her office to find out the reason for the change in
  Gail's dressing habits. She ordered Gail to remove her blouse and bra and simply
  stood and looked at the huge rings and gold bars adorning the girl's nipples.
  Eventually, she walked over and started to finger the rings. "Not your idea
  I would guess ?" She questioned  
Gail stayed silent and Matron did not press the point. "Do you have any other
  secrets you would like to show me, or do I have to strip search you ?"  
Gail removed her pinafore dress and pulled her knickers down. The lacing
  rings shone menacingly from her pussy.  
"Is that all ?" The matron asked  
"No Ma-am, I have a spike in my vagina and a clitoris hood ring as well" Whispered
  Gail.  
Matron motioned her to the bed and had her lie down. She then gently inserted
  a finger first into her pussy and then into her anus, probing the ornaments
  and checking the wounds were healing and that the piercings were secure. Satisfied,
  she allowed the girl to dress.  
"I will give you a choice." The Matron started "You can allow me to remove
  the nipple rings, spike and clit ring and remove the steel cable from your
  eyelets (for I cannot remove the eyelets themselves without causing you permanent
  damage) and you can continue with your school life as normal. If you are insistent
  about keeping them, I will have to inform the head and you will lose your current
  football privileges and be excluded from all sporting event s and PE lessons
  as I feel you will do yourself an injury sooner or later"  
Gail listened with sadness, what could she do ? If she allowed the piercings
  to be removed, Chris would punish her and probably dump her, but she wanted
  to carry on with her sports and dropping out of the various school activities
  would leave the teams much weaker.  
"Do you think the boy that did this to you loves you ?" Asked the Matron "Do
  you think a lover would subject their partner to pain and total life altering
  control ?"  
"You did with Peter" Sniffed Gail  
"That's true, but that just shows how little respect I have for him. We have
  never been lovers, I just use him as you do for sexual satisfaction. Peter
  was turning into a serious bully and possible rapist. He enjoys his new life
  and will never be a predatory character again. You do not controlling or modifying,
  you are a well balanced, fairly normal teenager, or at least I thought you
  were. Don't talk to this boy, but make your own decision. Come to me with an
  answer tomorrow morning.  
Gail slept very little that night. She touched the ornaments and tried to
  fantasize about Chris making love to her, but in her dreams he kept turning
  into a viscous male, intent upon personal satisfaction and not caring about
  her at any meaningful level. The following morning, her mind was made up. She
  walked to Matron's office and delivered her answer. "Take them out please,
  take them all out" She pleaded. Matron nodded and motioned her to sit on the
  bed. Matron produced a pair of small but powerful cutters, some antiseptic
  and pads of cotton wool. She started on the nipple rings, cutting the ring
  below the clip and removing the ornaments in one swift movement. The bars were
  next, removed in a similar fashion, but the cable in the eyelets was more of
  a challenge. In the end, Matron broke the padlock with a small hammer and chisel
  borrowed from the school's workshop. She unthreaded the cable and parted Gail's
  mutilated pussy for the first time in nearly a week. The Clit ring lay there,
  glistening in the moisture. She gently cut the metal and slid it out, the skin
  almost sealing back over as she did. The spike was also cut from Gail's body
  leaving the 8 eyelets as a gruesome reminder. "I cannot remove those as the
  holes will not close properly, leaving you long term problems. They will remain
  in you for the rest of your life I'm afraid" The Matron said, looking at the
  damage.  
"I can't feel them too much and when my pubes grow, I don't think they will
  be too noticeable" said, gently touching the lips of her vagina for the first
  time in a week. "I don't know why I let him do this to me, maybe love is blind"  
The matron smiled, as a young girl she had known the thrill of forbidden
  love and understood what Gail was feeling. "Just throw yourself back into school
  life and put this behind you" she confided "I know what you are going through.
  Oh and if Chris gives you any problems, let me know"  
Gail gasped, how did the matron know ?  
"In a school this size, there are very few secrets" she whispered as Gail
  left the room.  
Gail kept away from Chris all that day, but he sought her out at dinner that
  evening and cornered her in a corridor before pushing her into a vacant classroom.  
"Where have you been" He sneered, his face inches from hers  
"Getting these ridiculous things taken out" She replied smoothing or blouse
  over her now more normal breasts  
"You've what" Chris started "You stupid bitch" He went to hit her, but stopped
  suddenly and went white "Do you realise what you have done ? That work cost
  nearly &pound;200 pounds ! You were going to pay for it by appearing in more
  films at the shop" Chris stopped again, shaking slightly in fear  
"You filmed the torture of your girlfriend ?" Gail asked incredulously "Not
  content with mutilating by body, you wanted to share my pain with thousands
  of perverts I Hate you ! I never want to see you again" Gail fled the room,
  more sure than ever that she had made the right decision.  
"You don't understand" Shouted Chris running after the fleeing girl. "I already
  owed this guy thousands for dope and smack which I can't pay. He was letting
  me off &pound;100 for each appearance. He'll kill me if I can't pay"  
"Tell someone who cares" snapped Gail "I can't understand what I ever saw
  in you, you junkie !" She strode off leaving Chris to his fate.  
Meanwhile, Peter's damaged arsehole had started to recover. The experience
  that he and Ellen had been through had brought them closer together, and had
  he been a fully functioning male, you would say they were dating. As it was,
  there relationship could never develop beyond limited intimate contact and
  carried on as a sort of lesbian courtship. Ellen helped to feminize Peter even
  further. She bought an electrolysis kit, and they sat up late for many weeks
  as she removed all traces of facial and body hair. Peter would never be an
  attractive woman, but could pass as female without difficulty.  
Gail's relationship with Chris had ended her demands on Peter, but the Matron
  still treated him as her sex servant, and ultimately was responsible for him
  as his foster mother. At least twice a week Peter was called to Matron's office
  and was ordered carry out any task she specified. His skills had gone beyond
  cunilingus and he could now massage, wax &amp; shave to a high standard. Waxing
  the Matron's huge vagina was not a job for the faint hearted. Her pubic hair
  grew in wispy clumps, and thick black shoots emanated from her arse. Her labia
  was huge and the folded skin reminded Peter of a leather handbag. Hair removal
  was tricky in such areas, but he was expert at gentle removal and was in great
  demand, both with students and other teachers. Miss Matless, the games teacher
  displayed her enormously hairy pussy and after much cajoling from the Matron,
  opted for total clearance. Peter hacked through the smelly undergrowth with
  his scissors for half an hour with trimming with an electric razor and then
  waxing clean. Miss Matless's lesbian lover watched the whole procedure and
  then unveiled an even hairier pussy that she refused to let him trim at all.
  Like many of his "Clients" she required his unique sexual services, leading
  to him licking the hairy pussy until she came wetly, onto his face. Such was
  the demand Peter ate the pussies and arses of over 200 woman in the last 2
  weeks of term. Ellen eventually hooked a proper boyfriend and her friendship
  with Peter slowly tailed off.  
As the term ended, the students packed their bags, some for the last time.
  Ellen and Gail were both leaving and Chris had already disappeared. Peter was
  staying on at school under the supervision of the Matron. Her plan was to get
  them a small house in the nearby village where she could to control him and
  set him to work providing his services for a wider clientele. There was no
  doubt who was on top now !  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cherrypicker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





