BDSM Library - A Supermodel's Downfall




A Supermodel's Downfall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This tale chronicles the continuing adventures of Aaron Clarke, a budding slaver with a just established franchise operation in Miami, Florida.  Business and adventure literally fell his way as Aaron used carefully established identities, bases of operations, and a client base; all accomplished with the guidance of his partner Steve Austin.  In this episode, actually the third in the East Coast Slaver Series, Aaron meets a world-renowned model while visiting his ex-wife in France.  Sold by Aaron in his very first consignment of slaves, Veronica is eager for a chance to convince her husband to take her back.  Already becoming softhearted from what he learned while establishing his slaving business, Aaron modified his wife's sales contract to give him first right of re-purchase after five years.  After pleasuring himself with his captive ex-wife, Aaron meets a world-famous model while attending a party on Hosni Yassin's yacht.  The model's downfall and potential for Aaron's further financial gain begins that day in France.A Supermodel's Downfall   
(East Coast Slavers Organization Story III)   
by: Desert Dog (Desertlickingdog at yahoo dot com)   
   
Prologue &ndash; Introductions (or What's E.C.S.O.)    
Credits  :   
   
The story that follows is my own work. However, for the energy and inspiration
  to craft this story, I would like to thank two readers who responded with timely
  e-mails containing simple story suggestions. One reader's recommendation (whose
  request ended up being mirrored in a number of responses) was to subject the
  ex-wife to further humiliation, punishment, and torture. The second reader
  wished for a story featuring a world-famous supermodel and her degrading fall
  from acclaim. In order to address these requests, I have spun off this sequel
  to 'The Caribbean Adventure: E.C.S.O. Story II' and hopefully this shorter
  tale addresses these readers' dreams. The moral of this little sequence of
  events is that all authors are thirsty for input from our readers; so please
  keep those e-mails coming with praise, and sometimes complaints.  
Synopsis  :   
This tale chronicles the continuing adventures of Aaron Clarke, a budding
  slaver with a just established franchise operation in Miami, Florida. Business
  and adventure literally fell his way as Aaron used carefully established identities,
  bases of operations, and a client base; all accomplished with the guidance
  of his partner Steve Austin. Aaron has discovered that various illegal enterprises
  present him an opportunity for easily acquiring stock (women), cash, and other
  enticements too good to pass up. The windfall of millions of dollars and the
  easy acquisition of slaves leads to a reanalysis of his business model, his
  acquisition ethics, and personal morals. Aaron Clarke determines that it is
  so easy to find prey worthy of punishment that he adjusts his business model
  accordingly, punishing the guilty and using his illicit gains to help others;
  all immensely sexy women that remain available for his enjoyment.  
Background &ndash; The Los Angeles / Philippine Adventure: (E.C.S.O.
        Story I)      
   
This tale follows the earliest adventure of Aaron Clarke. It begins with
  an escapade with an old friend that drastically changes his life. Aaron had
  been in a failing marriage and stuck in a dead-end job with his overbearing
  father-in-law. A chance meeting with a friend from his military days, Steve
  Austin, brought Aaron an offer he couldn't refuse. Steve needed help on a rush
  revenge contract where a rich Philippine client wanted a nosy and libelous
  newspaper reporter captured, humiliated, and presented to him as a broken sex
  slave. The exhilarating adventure, the free access to women to satisfy any
  sexual craving, and the promises of riches tempted him to break free of his
  boring existence. At the end, he heads off to Miami to establish an east coast
  franchise mirroring Steve's business plan.  
Background &ndash; The Caribbean Adventure: (E.C.S.O. Story
        II)      
   
In this adventure, Aaron is introduced just as he returns to the United States
  after a tour in the U.S. Marine Corps. He meets his wife, time passes and Aaron's
  life becomes a grinding, mindless existence until Aaron meets his old friend
  Steve Austin. How Aaron is introduced to the exciting business of slavery takes
  place in the Los Angeles / Philippine Adventure. The Caribbean Adventure then
  kicks off with Aaron setting out on his own to Miami, Florida where he establishes
  an east coast franchise of his friend's slaving operation. Business and adventure
  literally fall his way as Aaron sets about creating identities, bases of operations,
  and a client base; all accomplished with the guidance of his partner Steve
  Austin.  
Early on, Aaron discovers that various illegal enterprises present him an
  opportunity for acquiring stock (women), cash, and other enticements too good
  to pass up. The windfall of millions of dollars and the easy acquisition of
  slaves leads to a reanalysis of his business ethics and personal morals. Aaron
  Clarke determines that it is so easy to find prey worthy of punishment that
  he adjusts his business model accordingly, punishing the guilty and using his
  illicit gains to help others; all immensely sexy women that remain available
  for his enjoyment.  
Aaron Clarke sees himself as an honorable scoundrel in a good world that
  is being co-opted by powerful thugs without morals. He feels that a man's worth
  is projected for all to see based upon the value of his word and a simple set
  of manners. On his ethical scale, poor manners are usually worse than murder.
  As he sees it, at least most murder victims probably contributed somehow to
  their demise; where poor manners victimize people who haven't yet demonstrated
  that they violate any of Aaron's commandments. Yes this is a twisted view of
  life; but keep in mind that Aaron Clarke is a kidnapper, a rapist, an executioner,
  a judge and jury ready to punish with instant retribution, and a slaver. If
  he wants to view himself as a modern day pirate version of Robin Hood and pretend
  that he protects innocent souls, then who dares judge him to his face; certainly
  not I.  
Prologue &ndash; A Supermodel's Downfall:     (E.C.S.O.
        Story III)      
At the beginning of this saga, Aaron Clarke has successfully concluded both
  his Los Angeles / Philippine adventure and his Caribbean adventure. During
  those short few months, Aaron went from an unhappy marriage with little prospect
  of wealth to an exciting, and very unique, business opportunity that quickly
  netted him millions of dollars. Aaron's operations have already resulted in
  a number of sex slave and livestock transactions, culminating in movement to
  a permanent base of operations on the British Virgin Islands and the abandonment
  of his temporary operation in Miami, Florida.  
Aaron meets a world-renowned model while visiting his ex-wife in France.
  Veronica was sold by Aaron in his very first consignment of slaves. Already
  becoming softhearted from what he learned while establishing his slaving business,
  Aaron modified his wife's sales contract to give him first right of re-purchase
  after five years. After pleasuring himself with his captive ex-wife, Aaron
  meets a world-famous model while attending a party on Hosni Yassin's yacht.
  The model's downfall and potential for Aaron's further financial gain begins
  that day in France. 
A Supermodel's Downfall  
(East Coast Slavers Organization Story III)  
by: Desert Dog (Desertlickingdog at yahoo dot com)  
  
Chapter 01 &ndash; Fallen from the Pedestal  
Anna moaned and rolled over on the bed, her sweaty belly finding more wet
  spots on the sheets as her muscles protested every move she made while turning
  over. Her unruly wet hair stuck against the linens and only plopped free when
  she consciously flipped her head to the side. On her belly now, one hand tentatively
  slipped down to cup her abused pussy mound; she winched in pain as her fingers
  found her deeply bone-bruised pubic bone. "Bastards," she thought, "all men
  are such fucking bastards." The throbbing from her sex below was worse than
  that from her sore pubic bone and cramping muscles. Anna's questing fingers
  carefully found her sopping wet pussy and her raw, stretched out labia. "Even
  after all those rapes, I still acted like a whore in heat when he forced his
  cock in me just now," she complained softly. "He didn't even slow down when
  I asked him to just hold me because I'd been through so much anguish. Justin's
  whole attitude has changed so much." 
Justin Drake was the newest of a series of identities created by Aaron Clarke
  in order to protect his true identity as owner and Chief Executive Officer
  of East Coast Slavers Organization. He was using that identity in Europe when
  he first met Anna, the model. Other identities include: 
   Aaron Clarke (  Owner &amp; East
      Coast Slavers Organization CEO)  
Robert Morgan:   Alternate ID #1: (ID for in U.S. and
  Miami) 
Michael Moore:   Alternate ID #2: (ID for use in British
  Virgin Islands) 
John Rice:   Alternate ID #3: (ID for use in American
  Virgin Islands) 
Justin Drake:   Alternate ID #4: (ID to replace overused
  Robert Morgan ID) 
"Even so, &hellip; he still made me cum like a bitch dog in heat, she said
  with a groan of anguish." She pinched her pretty features in exasperation as
  images and slang from her ghetto upbringing in Rio de Janeiro ran through her
  mind. Then, her thoughts cleared in concentration, wondering how her careless
  lies to her lover had all unraveled so quickly. "I never meant for it to turn
  out like this," she whispered aloud. 
The shower was now quiet and Anna supposed that her rescuer, and now probably
  ex-lover, was finished cleaning up. Her ravished body twitched in betrayal
  at the sight of his trim and muscular butt standing before the foggy mirror
  while he brushed his teeth and combed his hair. When he strode naked into the
  motel's bedroom, her heart leapt at the size of his flaccid dick. "After everything
  I've been through, I still want more of that fabulous cock," she wondered clinically.
  However, she began to seethe inside when he continued to ignore her while casually
  pulling on his same dark clothing worn while rescuing her the night before. "Stop
  ignoring me!" she pouted. "Have some respect for me," she added angrily and
  then, after a little hesitation, her voice quivered and continued, "After all, &hellip; I'm
  famous." 
Aaron Clarke ignored the well-fucked woman on the bed and continued to tie
  the laces on his black, soft-soled boots. He pulled a charcoal sweater down
  to his waist, carefully hiding the nine-millimeter Beretta tucked into the
  small of his back. Satisfied that everything was stowed away properly in his
  heavy cargo pants pockets, he turned to a small handbag and stuffed a torn
  set of women's clothing into the bag. He grinned at the taser, the handcuffs
  and chains, and the bondage rope already in the black leather satchel. "Yep," he
  thought smugly to himself, "no matter what seems to happen, this new life keeps
  showing me that it is the best." 
Stopping at the closed motel room door he spoke scornfully over his shoulder
  to the angry woman on the bed without deigning to look her way, "Get cleaned
  up, you smell like a fucked-out whore. Take a soaking bath and stay hidden
  when room service comes in; I'll have the smelly linens changed and the room
  aired out. Food and clothing will be brought in later this morning." Without
  another word or sign of endearment to the woman he had rescued and then fucked
  senseless during the long night, Aaron walked out of the room and into the
  bright daylight. The motel room door slammed shut behind him, plunging the
  room once again into near darkness. 
Unused to such cavalier treatment, Anna childishly slammed a fist into the
  nearest pillow and grunted in pain as muscles and joints protested the effort.
  She had seen her tattered clothing thrown into the bag and knew that she was
  trapped in the sleazy roadside hotel without a stitch to wear. 
Grunting like an eighty year old woman, she slowly worked her way into the
  bathroom, her eyes squinting almost shut from the glaring light radiating from
  the vanity bulbs. The face reflected in the mirror was that of a complete stranger. "Oh,
  God!" she cried in real anguish. "Nobody would ever recognize me." The naked
  woman she saw in the foggy mirror had the look of something ridden hard and
  put away wet. Anna's eyes were puffy from hours of crying and her cheeks were
  bruised and rubbed raw from carpet and beard burns. Two still perky tits clearly
  showed teeth marks and hickeys from too much sex. Otherwise, Anna's body was
  outwardly only marred by scratches and a few blotchy marks from crushing grips
  from her unwanted lovers of the day before. Anna cringed at the sight of her
  tiny patch of dark pubic hair that was matted and sticky from her own juices. "He
  cleaned my sex up with a washcloth last night and then fucked me all night
  long, filling several condoms. The mess is from my own body loving the sex.
  Am I truly a whore for enjoying the humiliating way he took me over and over
  last night?" 
Tired, her eyes twitched away from the bruised body shown in the mirror toward
  the sink. Anna's hand froze at the cold water faucet as her eyes found the
  glamour magazine cruelly displayed on the still damp countertop tiles. Her
  eyes flashed fire at the photo of her sensational face proudly portrayed on
  the front cover. "That was my favorite photo shoot," she mused. "How could
  life get better than strolling along getting photographed while shopping at
  the best shops on the French Riviera?" Anna loved looking at herself and the
  magazine showed her at her absolute best. She was wearing a lightly patterned
  white miniskirt, interesting jewelry, expensive sunglasses, and a designer
  sweater top. Angry again, her hot-blooded Brazilian temper flared up and her
  eyes misted in frustration at how she seemed to have lost control of her ordered
  life. 
Anna didn't know it, but flouncing angrily about in the bathroom while she
  fussed with water temperature, towels, soaps, and shampoo just didn't create
  the effect she thought. Naked and looking like the survivor of an out of control
  fraternity party, Anna would have drawn little sympathy from observers that
  would have thought only of further degrading the gangbang victim. 
Somehow her barely suppressed fury actually led to calming thoughts and she
  was able to settle into the soothing tub and relax, clearing her feelings of
  all the awful things that had occurred during the last twenty-four hours. Focusing
  solely on the foamy hot water soothing her aches and pains away, she slipped
  into a dreamy state of relaxation. 
In her drowsy state, Anna remembered back to the excitement she felt when
  she was first introduced to the man named Justin Drake. She had just finished
  two days of photo shoots in Nice, France. The quaint stone buildings of the
  oldest sections of town and the ageless fishing boats on the crystal Mediterranean
  beaches made the perfect backdrop for Anna the world-famous Brazilian model
  to be photographed in the latest European casual attire. The photo shoot occurred
  not far from Monaco and the extreme southwest corner of Italy. 
She was posing on a large pleasure yacht against a second-level deck railing
  in an attitude that she knew was arrogant. Dreaming, she remembered how well
  she looked in an Egyptian cotton jumpsuit against the deep blue Mediterranean
  Sea. Her hard nipples responding to the scratching from the rustic material
  and Anna remembered how lithe and sexy she looked in the plunging neckline
  that almost proved to anyone who looked that she was braless. "It's the mystery
  that counts," she recounted with a chuckle of amusement as she surveyed the
  wealthy group of sycophants and groupies at the party. "Most of the brainless
  twits onboard that day were either gay or head over heels in lust with me!" she
  remembered. 
Positively gushing with overblown deference, Anna's agent brought over two
  gentlemen to meet her. The first man, a swarthy Arab with beady eyes and a
  leer that made her feel naked, was introduced as Hosni Yassin, a construction
  magnate billionaire that had just established his first European office in
  nearby Marseille, France. He was also her host for the night given that he
  owned the pleasure yacht they were partying on and that Anna intended to remain
  overnight in one of the guest cabins. Anna overlooked Hosni's creepy looks
  as she focused on the other man waiting for an introduction. After being around
  all the slender and gay men for two grueling days of photography, Anna was
  ripe to meet a real man. "Justin," she had thought lustfully, "you are one
  big hunk of manhood." Her next surprise happened as she extended her hand for
  a civilized man to either grasp limply or kiss. Instead, it felt as if her
  breath was sucked out of her lungs as his mammoth paw grasped her fragile hand
  and drew her tightly against his broad chest. Next, he gave her a drawn out,
  gut-wrenching French kiss. Shocked to the core at his arrogant act, and his
  failure to be cowed from simply meeting her, she had to giggle a little at
  her instant sexual response; especially given her own arrogant posing just
  moments before at the ships' rail. Her unseemly giggle turned into a gasp of
  indignation as he painfully pinched her ass and turned away with a curt, "Latter,
  babe." 
Even weeks after her encounter with Justin Drake, and miserably soaking away
  the aches from the prior day's kidnapping and subsequent gangbang, Anna's taut
  breasts swelled in lust at the remembered meeting. "He never gave me the chance
  to take control," she thought happily. "In fact, he really just took me that
  night." Anna drew a soapy washcloth across her throbbing breasts and remembered, "He
  was so cavalier, treating me like a tasty morsel for his satisfaction rather
  than a famous and respected supermodel." She visualized how he walked away
  from that first stunning kiss, leaving her gasping in a confused combination
  of lust and anger. He stayed away for several hours. 
As Aaron Clarke was driving up to the motel office, having left the angry
  Anna behind naked in their room, he was also thinking of their first encounter.
  Unknown to Anna that first night on the boat, Justin Drake (aka Aaron Clarke)
  was sitting in Hosni's private cabin aboard the yacht discussing his afternoon
  meeting with his ex-wife, Veronica, while Anna remained constantly on the lookout
  for the whereabouts of the cad of a man she met earlier. Hosni was curious
  what Aaron thought about his wife's fate since she arrived at Hosni's modern
  European headquarters located in nearby Marseille, France. Hosni had been unable
  to free himself from a prior business engagement and Aaron had spent the day
  at Hosni's facilities by himself. 
Mid-morning of the day Aaron met Anna, he cleared security and was taken
  directly to the top floor of the headquarters building by a member of Hosni's
  personal staff. There, in Hosni's opulent private penthouse apartment, he inspected
  the goods originally contained in his first-ever stock transaction as a slaver.
  Hosni's bill of sale from Aaron assumed ownership of the following items for
  the fixed fee of six hundred thousand dollars: 
 
   Emily Davis, party girl / trophy housewife - 26 &ndash; corporate whore 
   Pamela Bondi, party girl - 25 &ndash; corporate whore   
   June Curl, girlfriend to drug dealer - 25 &ndash; corporate whore  
   Veronica Morton, Aaron's ex-wife, a bitch - 23 - corporate bondage slut
    / whore  

The women were kept on the floor below the private penthouse in an area dedicated
  to providing pleasure for Hosni's key business contacts and special friends.
  It contained a small world-class restaurant with private chef, public and private
  playrooms, massage and sauna facilities, and a number of specially trained
  women, including the four purchased from Aaron Clarke, slaver and owner of
  East Coast Slavers Organization. Hosni used Emily (a blonde), Pamela (a brunette),
  and June (black-haired) as entertainment girls and whores with Veronica (a
  blonde) reserved for kinkier clients. The other women included a Training Mistress
  and two servant/cleaning women. 
The penthouse's d&eacute;cor was Moroccan in theme. Aaron knelt on lush carpets
  before a low table set with samples of north African coastal cuisine. He took
  a small sip of heavy Turkish coffee and then nibbled on a pistachio nut and
  honey concoction. "So," he asked Hosni's Executive Secretary, "how are your
  boss's four American sluts working out?" 
The man had smiled indulgently and simply picked up a small bell displayed
  on a velvet-covered tray. Instead of the manservant that had brought out their
  coffee, the bell summoned a dreamy creature dressed in translucent silks. Emily
  Davis, ex-trophy wife, was a mouth-watering vision as a harem creature. No
  longer shy in her role as sex-slave after months of training by Hosni's harem
  Mistress and her near-daily use in the headquarters building, Emily posed alluringly,
  knowing full well that her breasts and sex organs were clearly exposed under
  the thin silk. Her nipples were fat and hard, tenting forward under the silk. 
The Secretary giggled and Aaron realized that he was quite gay. The man offered
  that Emily, Pamela, and June were offered a hookah filled with hashish each
  evening to smoke as reward for good behavior during the day. "Her bright eyes
  reflect her body's need for more of the drug," he said giggling again. "Even
  without their addiction to the drug, they all act like whores in heat. They
  have been perfect little sex slaves, helping us establish ourselves in Europe.
  Government and business representatives have enjoyed their wares and then signed
  millions of dollars worth of contracts, probably keeping our European venture
  from failure." He took another sip of the sweet coffee and added, "You should
  see the videos of them at night in their quarters. They share a single bed
  and they fuck and suck all night. What whores your American women are! We have
  a special video library of your wife's training and service to our most needful
  clients." His giggling was becoming an irritant to Aaron. The man smirked at
  Aaron and said, "During some of our dinner meetings we show video clips of
  your American whores. Of course, we carefully hide the faces of our clients." 
Hosni's Secretary made a limp circling gesture with his hand and Emily instantly
  twirled about. The spinning silks provided tantalizing glimpse of her body.
  Her blonde bush was invisible under her transparent harem pants, but her lush
  butt cheeks and the dark crease hiding her previously virgin ass were clearly
  visible. When the Secretary's hand flattened and made a downward gesture, Emily
  collapsed to a flat kneeling position with arms extended reverently toward
  the two men. 
The bell rang twice more. Pamela and June twirled into the room dancing a
  wildly sexy belly dance without music. Their tight bellies undulated as they
  moved about, essentially dancing for each other's viewing pleasure, ignoring
  the men in the room as they performed as if they were two lesbians in some
  sort of courtship dance. Unfettered by modern bras, Pamela and June's fat tits
  jiggled about under the thin silk coverings as they shook and shimmied their
  bodies in the erotic dance. While Emily's blonde bush had been invisible under
  the thin silk, Pamela and June's crinkly pubic hair provided enough contrast
  to their pale cunt mounds to show clearly through the harem clothing. Unlike
  Aaron, the Secretary was unimpressed and not aroused by their expert moves.
  Emily remained prostrate in the floor as if unaware of the activity swirling
  about her. As if some silent signal cued them, the two dancing women collapsed
  in perfect unison in a sweaty pile across Emily. They remained frozen in place,
  only quietly heaving bosoms indicated that they were awake. 
The two semi-reclining men sipped more of the Turkish coffee, watching the
  mound of pussy before them. The secretary's only response to the wild dance
  had been an amused glint in his eyes as he noted Aaron's obvious arousal. His
  hand twitched at his side as he fought the impulse to grab the enormous rod
  swelling under his guest's trousers. "Haven't they become such sexy sluts?" he
  asked with a purposely disinterested yawn. "You ready to see your wife? Hosni
  gave specific instructions for her preparation and the house bimbos have been
  getting her ready for you." He clapped his hands twice and commanded, "Enough
  resting! Bring on the bondage slut!" 
The three women instantly rose in a flurry of colorful silk and scampered
  barefooted across the room toward an exit concealed by a wall hanging. Aaron's
  eyes followed the bouncing asses and flailing tits of the women as they hurried
  away to satisfy the secretary's command. 
Aaron's swollen cock had started to subside when his eyes opened in shock
  at what came from behind the tapestry. The three American harem slave girls
  pushed an obviously heavy contraption into the room. A four-foot square of
  thick steel plate mounted on a low set of wheels held a tiny red leather pad
  centered between four tubular steel poles, each welded to a corner of the steel
  base. Veronica was mounted atop the apparatus like a butterfly under glass,
  tautly stretched with each of her four limbs chained to a different pole. She
  hung in an upside down spread-eagle with most of her weight held by the wrist
  and ankle chains. Her only relief from the unrelenting stress was that her
  belly rested lightly atop the tiny red leather pad. However, her back was still
  deeply bowed and she was in obvious distress. As she came into the room headfirst,
  Aaron saw that her gaping mouth was held open by a cruel ringgag and long strands
  of drool stretched from her lips to the steel plate below. 
The slowly spinning cart showed that Veronica's hugely enhanced breasts were
  pulled down from her chest by gravity aided by the addition of one-pound weights
  hung from her nipple rings. The grossly elongated breast meat quivered as the
  moving cart disturbed the weights. The girls spun the cart around with some
  effort, forcing the wheels to move across the expensive woven wool carpets.
  Aaron's eyes noted the swollen cunt lips of his ex-wife pierced with six rings,
  three on each set of outer labia. An eight ounce lead weight hung from each
  pussy ring, providing a total of three pounds of distortion on her cunt and
  revealing her moist pink interior. As the cart stopped, Aaron saw another painful
  addition to his ex's bondage. A thin line of heavy monofilament fishing line
  ran from her clit ring between her breasts to her nose ring. 
"Any move she makes tortures herself," Hosni's Secretary said with gleaming
  eyes and clear interest in her pain. "If she wiggles, the weights swing and
  hurt her milk mounds and her filthy pussy lips. If she howls with pain or moves
  her head, her little clit nerve bundle is abused." The man stroked his effeminate
  hands across his thin goatee and added happily, "I bet you've not noticed her
  hair." 
Aaron looked where the man indicated and saw that his wife's long blonde
  hair had been drawn into a tight ponytail that ended connected to what looked
  to be a braided leather thong that disappeared between her ass crease. He couldn't
  see what held it so taut across her downward-bowed back. He looked inquisitively
  toward the Executive Secretary. 
The man suppressed a giggle of enjoyment at both Veronica's predicament and
  Aaron's inability to discern his wife's situation. He laughed and said, "It's
  an ass hook. The leather ends in a 'J'-shaped hook of steel stuck deep up her
  rectum. Any move with her head and her nose yanks her clit and her ponytail
  digs the hook into her ass. She's in pain no matter what she does. Isn't it
  just delicious? This is how all your whorish American cunts should be treated." He
  sat back against his cushions with a sigh of pleasure. Aaron couldn't help
  but notice that the man was softly stroking his own groin with one hand while
  he sipped coffee and stared intently at Veronica's sweat streaked form. 
Veronica's fellow slaves stood at attention on the far side of the display
  cart and waited for further instructions. The Secretary leaned over toward
  Aaron and whispered, "Your ex-wife doesn't get hashish each night and a soft
  bed filled with women to sleep with. No, &hellip; she sleeps naked, chained
  inside a tiny dog kennel each night in a bare concrete room. Her only chance
  to piss or shit all night long is when she is let out each morning to use a
  sandbox like a cat. She eats cold dog food dumped from a can into her feed
  bowl and drinks water from a spigot like a pet rodent. Any toilet mistakes
  are met with a severe beating. Veronica hasn't heard her own name spoken since
  she arrived here. Her new name is 'Chienne', French for bitch. It is tattooed
  on her mouth inner lip and inside of each outer cunt lip, marked like the livestock
  she clearly is." The man turned to the waiting girls and whispered, "Strip
  down and begin." 
Each of the three mid-twenties women slipped off any silk covering their
  upper bodies, exposing their full breasts and bellies to the watching men.
  Loose silk wrapped around their hips was also thrown aside, leaving the three
  women in simple transparent silk harem pants of differing soft pastel colors.
  They each picked up a short carriage whip and Aaron knew that Veronica was
  going to be put through her paces. Emily stood on the far side of Veronica's
  head and Pamela and June stood alongside the outstretched woman. Nothing blocked
  Aaron and the Secretary's view of Veronica's already pain-wracked form. 
While Aaron's former captives were standing about his wife, Aaron noted something.
  He smiled at the effeminate Secretary's deception. "Her skin is still smooth
  and flawless," Aaron told himself. "The lying bastard wants me to think they
  treat Veronica like this every day. She is in too good a shape to take this
  punishment more than once or twice a month. I bet she sleeps on a mattress
  as well." Otherwise, Aaron was pretty sure that if he looked inside Veronica's
  various lips that he would discover her new name, 'Chienne', tattooed clearly. 
At some hidden signal, the three women each swung their whips in perfect
  unison down upon Veronica's trapped form. A muffled yowl of pain and a sputtering
  of drool and snot from her nose and open mouth was the instant response. Again
  the whips flickered forward marking another three red lines across Veronica's
  back, shoulders, and buttocks. The third set of slashes curled under her full
  ass cheeks, striking the tender inside of her thighs. The fourth set wrapped
  deep under the 'V' of her legs and caught her cunt lips. Even through the ringgag,
  Veronica's howl of pain was loud enough to set Aaron's spine tingling. As the
  whipping continued down the back of her thighs toward her feet, Aaron noticed
  that the effeminate Secretary had risen, kicked off his shoes and trousers,
  and now stood at Veronica's face. The man's cock was hidden by Veronica's head,
  but it was obvious from the abrupt halting of Veronica's shrieks that the man
  had buried himself fully into her gaping maw of a mouth. Aaron was pretty sure
  that the only time the gay man's dick touched a woman instead of a man was
  in a scene of humiliation like this. "He probably hates women," Aaron had thought, "torturing
  them is the only way he can get off with them." 
During the time Aaron was focused on the Secretaries hard thrusting hips,
  the three slave girls changed their whipping swings to underhand blows. The
  result was that Veronica tried to hump her body up into the air to escape the
  stinging blows dancing across her breasts and belly. 
Finally it was over for Veronica. The Secretary tidily tucked his spent penis
  into his underwear and uttered a few soft words in Arabic. Emily, Pamela, and
  June quickly gathered up their scattered clothing and the whips, scampered
  behind the screen, and disappeared from view. A heavy door boomed shut, telling
  Aaron that the slave girls were once again locked up in their holding area
  or harem. 
The Secretary said, "Ring the bell if you have any needs. Enjoy the horny
  slut, &hellip; I certainly have." With that, he swished out of the room with
  angry twitches of his slim hips, obviously jealous of Veronica over the attention
  she was soon to receive from the burly American slaver. 
Aaron picked up a cushion and wandered over to his wife's tortured form.
  Her pain was obvious from the half-dazed look on her face. The ex-husband crossed
  his legs and sat down at her head. Thick sperm and droplets of drool still
  dripped from the ringgagged mouth. Aaron ran a calloused hand across her cheek
  and forehead, locking eyes with the haunted woman. "Six months my little slave
  girl; you've been gone from your home for six months now. Have you mastered
  your new vocation yet?" Aaron grinned sadly at his wife's near silent grunt
  of dissention. He stuck his fingers in her slimy mouth and rubbed them clean
  on her eyelids and forehead. "When your time is up, &hellip; do you want to
  come home?" he asked quietly. 
Unable to focus on her husband due to the stinging sperm covering her eyeballs,
  Veronica could only grunt and slightly shake her head up and down. The motion
  clearly tugged at both her ass hook and the line punishing her clit. Tears
  of some combination of pain, self-pity, and sorrow flowed from her blurry eyes. 
"Good," Aaron answered simply. "I look forward to evaluating your change
  in attitude from the slavery experience. Remember, the more genuinely obedient
  you become, the better your lot in life will be after you come home." He then
  strongly grasped her chin and hissed, "And, &hellip; you better never forget
  that I have to buy you back. If you're clearly not a good investment, &hellip; you
  will rue the day you were born. I've already told you what fates you might
  see if you fail me." Aaron knew full well that Veronica remembered their discussion
  about alternatives she faced upon failure &ndash; as a commodity (not too unlike
  farm-raised stock), slaves could be reclassified upon failure to meet required
  goals &ndash; changing from general sex slave; &hellip; to bondage slut; &hellip; to
  pain slut; &hellip; to whore in a specialty club; &hellip; to prostitute in
  a foreign mining town; &hellip; possibly the featured lead actress in torture
  and snuff films; &hellip; maybe roasting meat on a spit over hot coals. Aaron
  felt Veronica shudder under his touch and knew she was thinking the same thing
  he was. 
He then rose and ran his still slimy hand down her back, feeling each weal
  burned into her white skin. The difference between the normally soft flesh
  and the hard, raised, ridges was startling. Upon reaching the sweaty crease
  of her ass, Aaron briefly explored his way around the cruel steel hook stuck
  up her rectum before moving down to her wet cunt lips. Without warning, or
  foreplay, he knifed his fingers together and harshly speared his way deep into
  her steamy cunt. Even with her expected arousal, Aaron was shocked at how deep
  he plunged on his first thrust. "You hot whore, &hellip; you took all of four
  fingers in one push!" he exclaimed. Aaron pulled partially out and then punched
  forward again with all his strength. Veronica bucked under the onslaught; but, &hellip; Aaron
  had fully set his hand into her cunt. Only his thumb remained outside the copiously
  lubricated sex. 
Still buried in her hot vagina, Aaron fumbled with the leather thong connecting
  her ponytail with the hook deep in her ass. The instant the leather holding
  her head back was released, Veronica's head fell forward limply; releasing
  both the pull on both her clit and the ass hook. A quiet groan of satisfaction
  indicated Veronica's happiness for the minor relief. 
Reluctantly, Aaron pulled his wet hand out of her loose cunt and grabbed
  the fat, steel 'J' hook jammed deeply up her ass. Surprisingly, the hook stuck
  fast. "Chienne!" Aaron scolded, "loosen up your ass, the hook is stuck." 
"Huhhh," Veronica grunted back as loud as she could. "Hag, &hellip; hake
  hoff hag, &hellip; hease," she tried to let her ex-husband know to remove her
  gag so they could speak. Veronica sensed him coming around to her head and
  her heart leapt when the tight leather strap around her head was loosened and
  the hateful leather-covered ring was pulled from her aching mouth. "Hank hoo!" she
  said and realized that her jaw was too painfully stretched to respond to her
  brain's commands. His hands caressed her painful neck and she gratefully pushed
  back against his touch. Weeping at her inability to voice her pleas and promises
  if only he took her back, she simply said, "Hank hoo," again. 
Then, she heard her husband's voice whisper in her ear, "I'd like another
  fuck to be sure I'll be interested in buying you back in a few years. Would
  you like the chance to audition for my approval now?" 
Numbly, knowing she had no other choice, Veronica nodded her head. 
"The problem is," Aaron continued after her head nod, "your ass is filled
  by that fat hook and I couldn't break the suction. I think I'll need to force
  you to relax and maybe push out like you're taking a shit. To do that, I'll
  have to whip you myself and tug on the hook at the same time." 
Veronica's heart sunk as she realized what her husband was going to do. "The
  bastard," she told herself, "he wants me to tell him that he can whip me before
  he ass rapes me. Fuck! But, &hellip; I do so want to go home." She nodded more
  vigorously this time. 
Aaron took her acceptance with a smile and returned to her ass and the stuck
  hook with the tightly stretched ass grommet about it. His belt flickered out
  of his pants loops and slashed through the air. 
"Haaaaa!" Veronica's mouth screamed past her tortured jaws as the first slash
  struck squarely between her legs, striking the fat steel hook. "Ho, ho," she
  cried and then flinched as the next blow whistled through the air on its way
  back between her legs. "Haaaaa," she cried again. "Hull, hull!" she shrieked
  in an attempt to get him to pull the hook out. 
The belt slashed downward again, and again. Finally, when Veronica thought
  she could bear no more without passing out, her husband yanked hard and the
  hook slipped out with an audible plop. "Haaaah," she grunted in relief. She
  tried to catch her breath and loosen up her jaw muscles at the same time. 
Dimly she was aware that her husband was fumbling around her waist. Not having
  ever been mounted on this device, she didn't know that he had found a three-inch-wide
  nylon strap and fed it over her back and into a tightening ratchet. Each click
  brought her tummy harder down upon the small leather pad, further stretching
  her shoulder and hip joints. Then her legs fell free and plopped uselessly
  down to the deck of the contraption. "Now, he can get to my cunt and ass," she
  observed to herself coolly. "Plese, carefa," she was able to moan as her jaw
  loosened up. 
Aaron looked down at the tempting sight of his helpless wife's puckered ass
  and dribbling pussy. He realized that the weights on her cunt lips might get
  in the way of his fucking. With an excited grimace, he flicked his hidden knife
  free from his trouser pocket and one-handedly flicked it open. The shining
  blade slashed quicker than the eye could follow, and far up her body by her
  nose, cut the monofilament line running to her clit. Now grinning mischievously,
  he wrapped the monofilament line fairly snugly around the six weights hanging
  from her cunt lips. 
Veronica felt the momentary tug on her big nose ring and realized that Aaron
  had just cut the line off. Her heart sunk as she felt the weights moved about
  with the end result that they tugged even more on her pussy. "What's he going
  to do?" she thought worriedly. 
Aaron looked about for protection and found a small pile of big foil packages.
  He ripped open the first one he grabbed and laughed at the heavy latex French
  Tickler inside. Knobby nubs covered the sides of the thick latex all the way
  up to a colorful blossom of what looked like a rubber feather duster on the
  tip. "I'll be able to fuck her all night with something that fat on my cock." Then
  he touched the latex and realized that it was coated with a dry, powdery preservative. "There's
  only one place to get enough lube for something this nasty," he muttered and
  focused his gaze on his wife's drooling pussy. 
Veronica felt her husband fumbling around her pussy and knew that he was
  lubricating the fat glans on the head of his oversize cock. She tried to hunch
  her ass back against him to show her willingness to give him a good ride. "The
  stupid strap has me locked in place," she muttered to herself. Veronica's legs
  flopped about uselessly as they were too numb and stretched out to respond
  to her mental commands. "Huck!" she screeched in surprise when her husband's
  familiar cock sunk relentlessly into her moist heat. "Hairful, plese!" she
  begged as something scratched her inner cunt wall as the cock drew back out
  of her insides. 
"The fucking feather duster tip on this thing is too fricking big," Aaron
  complained as the scratchy rubber blossomed outside her cunt as his cock drew
  back. The inward plunge forced the colorful rubber to disappear inside. Eventually
  the latex began to glisten with her pussy lube and Aaron slowly sped up his
  fucking motion. 
Veronica had serviced many cocks of all sizes and colors during her forced
  stay at Hosni's European headquarters; however, she was certain that even without
  the French Tickler bulging along his fuckstick, Aaron was fatter and longer
  than any natural dick she had taken in her holes ever in her life. She grunted
  as the fat log bottomed out in her cunt and the lead weights dangling from
  her pussy lips were disturbed by the swinging of his orange-sized balls. "Eiiiii!" you
  bastard, "I wasn't ready yet! But, &hellip; fuck me anyway!" she yelled back
  over her shoulder. As if in answer to her demands, she felt the ridges on the
  French Tickler begin to vibrate quickly back and forth across her tightly stretched
  pussy lips like the teeth of a saw stroking across a series of tight guitar
  strings. The vibrations echoed deep into her core, electrifying her with the
  sensations. Veronica came so hard she couldn't remember if she screamed out
  the orgasm, but decided she had when she discovered her jaws were stuck widely
  open. She gasped quickly for breath all the while his thrusts kept up their
  unrelenting sensations on ever possible surface of her vaginal sheath, labia,
  and clit. Her teeth snapped shut simultaneously with a loud popping in her
  jaw joints. The next orgasm struck even harder than the first. 
Aaron stood behind his wife admiring the white froth the French Tickler had
  whipped her pussy juices into. He kept up his hip thrusting but concentrated
  more and more on her winking brown eye. "She's nearly into continuous orgasms
  now," he thought as he set his three middle fingers into a spear. He waited
  until her spasming stomach and pussy muscles calmed during an interlude between
  orgasms and jammed his three fingers hard into her unprepared ass. Even with
  her belly strapped down on the pedestal, her bucking interior muscles squeezed
  his pecker hard enough to trigger his own cum. Surprised, he pushed in hard,
  grinding his pubic bone against hers. Spurt after spurt of his jism filled
  the condom. Satisfied, Aaron leaned down over his wife's naked back. "Ahhhh," he
  whispered in satisfied relaxation, "nothing like a quick piece of ass to settle
  down. That was good for my heart; a little exercise and then a calming afterglow." 
 Even weeks later, Aaron's dick still twitched at the remembered details
  of that encounter with his slave ex-wife. Aaron had already pulled his car
  up to the motel office. He saw a cleaning woman nearby and hopped out of the
  car to speak with her after taking a deep breath. Each of the two were grinning
  ear-to-ear when Aaron took his leave and pulled out of the parking lot. His
  smile didn't last long, there were some unpleasant tasks to perform. Meanwhile
  back in their motel room, Anna was nearly asleep in her steamy tub. 
Author: Desert
      Dog ****** E-Mail: Desertlickingdog at yahoo dot com  
Please consider an e-mail with your opinion on
      the story.  
Alternatively, consider using the BDSM library
      review option.  
Story ideas are also welcome. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desert Dog


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





