BDSM Library - Creative Submissions




Creative Submissions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story I wrote when I was younger so the grammer may not be the best but I am thinking of going back to it. A Man visits Lane within her dreams, the storyline is much more complicated than that.Coughing from the dust as the brunette picked up a box from the Attic, taking
  it down...for the movers to move into her new apartment. Her emerald eyes sparkled
  as she glanced around...before she got into Her car...slowly noticing something
  in her small tote bag...a book. It was called Cruel Submissions: Finding out
  who you truly are&quot; slowly she started to flip the pages...opening to see
  a submissive female on the first page...a drawing &quot;In a Land far away...there
  is a place that shows who are the ones to rule. But they are all chosen at
  birth. Even on earth it is chosen who will rule and who will submit before
  they are born...only they don't see it and they never will&quot; read the brunette
  aloud, as she stopped. Noticing a figure coming closer to her....throughout
  the shadows. Who was it?  
Zachary turned his blue eyes to his girlfriend, Lana...worried as he stepped
  towards the car door...rolling his eyes, wondering what was Wrong with her.  
&quot;Babe, are you okay?&quot; he asked glancing her over as she set the
  book Aside.  
&quot;Sweetie, I am fine...don't worry about me,&quot; she said softly. Why
  did She always have to fall for the wimpy guys? Why couldn't someone Strong
  ever come for her...someone who could dominate her? Slowly she turned around
  knowing why because she was the sweet good college graduate, secretary...who
  always had to please everyone...and hide her Desires within. Slowly Zach leaned
  over to kiss her, concerned as she glanced away trying to hide her boredom...wondering
  if a place like This truly existed. Slowly she turned away from him.  
&quot;Do you ever wonder if you could be somewhere else?&quot; she asked
  softly looking away.  
&quot;No...because as far as I know I love you&quot; he said not answering
  the Question, just being in the moment. Slowly she felt his hand reach away
  from her.  
&quot;Babe I got to go, don't forget the party&quot;  
In the back of her mind she was wondering...what the book meant...rolling
  her eyes she put it aside and drove to the apartment knowing it was silly a
  fiction novel couldn't tell what would happen. Could it?  
Later on that night, the brunette walked to the house, ringing the door Bell...knowing
  this was the right house, because how rowdy it was. slowly she walked in, meeting
  up with Zach...suddenly moving into the corner and sitting down...wondering
  what she has been for the past day. Suddenly a frame came over to her...very
  powerful...and dominating just by his presence.  
&quot;Ah I found you...Miss. Lana Delaney&quot; he said looking her over,
  just His glance made her eyes go to the floor. As she watched him she Stood
  up...  
&quot;Please, I don't believe we've met. Is there any way I can help you?&quot; She
  asked softly, trying not to show how intimidated she was. Ignoring her question,
  she felt his hand reach to her hair...feeling it, exploring her body. &quot;Stop!
  Please!&quot;  
&quot;You are born to submit&quot; she heard him said.  
She felt his hand run through her hair, on to her cheek and Down the front
  of her chest. Her eyes closed, her breathing was becoming rapid as she felt
  his hand slide past her breasts and on to her stomach. Just then she felt a
  tap on her shoulder. &quot;Lana, are You ok?&quot;, it was Zach. Opening her
  eyes and noticing that the Stranger was not there. &quot;Umm, yes.....I am
  ok.&quot;, she replied. She wasn't sure if it all in her mind or if the stranger
  was really there. It felt so real when he touched her. All night at the party
  she watched and waited for the stranger to show up again, but he never did.  
After the party she told Zach that she wasn't feeling good and wanted to
  go home and go to bed. She drove straight home and thought about the stranger
  the whole ride. She couldn't figure out what he meant by 'You were born to
  submit'. When she got home she got ready for bed and tried not to think about
  him any more, but the harder she tried, the more she would think about him.
  She found herself laying there in her bed, staring at the ceiling. That is
  when she remembered about the book that she found the other day. 'Even on earth
  it is chosen who will rule and who will submit Before they are born' it said.
  She decided that she was just day dreaming and that the book must have been
  on her mind and triggered The day dream. Lana closed her eyes and fell asleep.  
A few days have past and she had not thought of the stranger until she was
  shopping. Lana was standing there trying to pick out a new skirt to go with
  the top that she had already picked up, when She felt a hand on her shoulder.
  She could feel his warm breath on her ear and neck as he spoke &quot;I see
  I have found you again Miss Lana Delaney.&quot; She wanted to turn around,
  but for some reason she couldn't. His voice did something to her, made her
  feel like a small child. He spoke again, &quot;You were born to submit.......
  and I was born to rule you.&quot; His hand slowly started to slide down her
  chest and into her shirt. Her breath began to get harder and faster As his
  hand touched her breast. &quot;Are you OK Miss?&quot; a voice came From next
  to her. Lana realized that she was standing there with her own hand on her
  breast, as it rose up and down from her hard breathing and a sales woman was
  staring at her. Again the woman asked, &quot;Are you ok Miss? Do you need some
  help?&quot;. Lana quickly dropped her hand and said, &quot;Yes, I am ok. Thank
  you.&quot; She placed the top that she had in her hand on a shelf and left
  the store.  
When she got to her car, she fumbled for her keys and Unlocked the door.
  Before getting in she looked around to see if the stranger was around, but
  no luck. Lana got in her car and sat there for a few minutes trying to slow
  her breath and figure out What just happened. As she sat there, she noticed
  that her panties are a little wet and her nipples were hard. She couldn't figure
  out how or why this stranger could make her excited with just his touch and
  voice. She got herself together and decide she was going to go home and read
  more of that book.  
Lana felt her finger tips touch the books pages as she went to the next chapter...It
  was called the Claiming. &quot;If you are the slave, whoever is the one to
  claim you will not only want your body, but also Your mind and soul. If you
  try to fight him, he will find a way to get you. A true slave can't run from
  who she truly is but the claiming could drive her crazy...but in the end she
  will submit...this process hasn't failed with any slave yet.&quot; she said
  Aloud reading through the book. Stubbornly she set the book down determined
  not to let it bother her as she fell into a light sleep.....She saw the dark
  stranger in front of her. &quot;Please stop, I don't want this&quot; she said
  softly...scared as he watched her with his Powerful glance.  
&quot;You don't have any choice...it has been done your future, fate is Mine
  too choose. Try to run all you can from this, but that will only drive you
  crazy&quot; he said laughing...touching her with his powerful Hands once again. &quot;Soon
  you will be ready to join my world&quot;  
She tried to wake herself, knowing this could only be a Dream, but couldn't.
  She felt his strong hands move over her body, Touching every inch. She couldn't
  move, it was like her hands and Feet were tied to the bed, but she could not
  see any restraints. All she could do is watch as the stranger moved his hands
  down her Body. Over her breasts and down her stomach, her breathing once Again
  started to get heavy. She wanted to let him touch her but at the same time
  she didn't. She struggled some more, but still could not break free. His hands
  now on her thighs pushing them Apart. &quot;No please, don't&quot; she begged. &quot;I
  can and will do what I Want with you, for you will be a part of me and I an
  apart of you.&quot; He responded with a confident voice. As she looked down,
  she noticed that she was completely naked, arms above her head and legs spread
  apart. She knew that he could what he wanted with her because she could not
  move, in a way she wanted him to take her.  
The stranger leans over her body and stares into her eyes, His lips getting
  closer to hers. She closes her eyes and waits for Them to touch, but it never
  happens. Instead she feels his warm breath on her neck and hears him whisper
  in her ear, &quot;You will Submit to your body, heart and soul to me. As I
  am destined to be Your Master and you my slave.&quot; This scares her and she
  begins to struggle again, sitting straight up and yelling &quot;NO!!!&quot;.  
The room is dark, the only light is coming from a street light outside her
  window. Sitting up in bed, Lana is covered in Sweat and can feel her heart
  beating very fast and hard. She reaches over and turns on the lamp besides
  her bed, the warm glow from the light hurts her eyes for a few minutes as she
  tries to Adjust to it. &quot;What the hell is happening to me?&quot;, she says
  out Loud as if someone else could hear her. She looks down to see that she
  is dressed again in her T-shirt and panties, her nipples are Hard and this
  time her panties are soaked with her juices. Thinking to herself, &quot;Who
  is this stranger and how is getting into my Dreams?&quot;. She gets up out
  of the bed, the carpet feel cool against her bare feet as she walks over to
  the dresser. Pulling out a new t- shirt and another pair of panties she takes
  a look around the room before changing, still wondering who this strangers
  is and why he Chose her. After changing her clothes, she walks to the bathroom
  To get a drink of water and returns to her bedroom. Sitting back down on her
  bed, she sips at the water, trying to figure out if she Is going crazy, or
  if this is really happening to her.  
She finishes the glass of water and climbs back into bed, reaches over to
  shut out the light, but decides to leave it on. As she lays there, she can
  still feel his presence in the room, his Hands on her body, his voice in her
  ears. This time it is more of a soothing feeling, one that makes her close
  her eyes and fall fast Asleep.  
Julian calmly watched her from the distance as she slept in his world Knowing
  that in time she will obey...and learn. Learn she couldn't lose who she truely
  was...calmly...he stood their naked feeling his Dick hardening thinking of
  what it would be like when he finally Trained her enough to join him here.
  As he took a sip of his wine, he Knew that Lana only could sleep so calmly
  because of him.  
As Dawn came Lana finally opened her eyes, waking up feeling something on
  the bedside next to her a rose...the thorn going into her finger making her
  bleed...a note under it said &quot;MINE FOR ALWAYS&quot; Lana shook Her head
  as the door opened.  
&quot;Darling where did you get the rose?&quot; asked her mother with a gentle
  Smile Lana watched her startled... &quot;You see it? You actually see it? &quot;  
&quot;Darling, your job called they don't need you today...you should stay
  In bed and around the house...you look tired&quot; she said. Lana nodded lying
  back down picking up the book next to her reading the next chapter called...&quot;The
  Submissions&quot;  
Continuing through the book Lana found herself reading through the book details
  for details...as she noticed a figure coming towards Her. &quot;Lana, you look
  like your not quite ready, but soon you will be.....soon you will beg for me
  to take you as my slave &quot;he said with A sadistic smile.  
&quot;No never&quot; she whisper her emerald eyes pleading to him...wondering
  if he was for real or only a dream. When would she tell the difference between
  dreams and reality again?  
Storming in Willow raced towards the chambers that her brother has Remained
  in, quickly she raced towards his chambers, glaring at him. He knew immediately
  that he had done something to anger her, but he Didn't know what it was. Her
  long red hair which flames reminded him of the fire spirited that she held
  within, her blue eyes sparkling Like the rivers as she took a few steps closer
  to him.  
&quot;What have you done, Julian? If anyone on earth finds out about how
  our world has slaves and owners for them, it may come down to chaos. Besides
  your breaking one of the major rules.&quot; she snapped at him, but He knew
  her. She wouldn't shut up until she had gotten everything out That was on her
  mind.  
&quot;Oh little Sister, I am just playing with the mind of the girl... you
  know how humans are.&quot; he said with a charismatic smile, quite the Charm
  that could make any woman fall for him. Willow eyed him knowing That Julian
  has been different, something has changed within him.  
&quot;But something has changed, the mystical beams senses it. You care for
  the girl, you want her...you desire her...as in more than a slave&quot; She
  said softly, glaring at him knowing that she was right about that.  
&quot;Sister, who are you jesting...how could I like someone like that? She
  can't even control her own temptations and dreams, look at her.&quot; he said
  as their eyes went to the screen showing the beautiful brunette As she stared
  up into the stars. Julian knew that his elder sister was very Leary about the
  rules that a council has made up, a bunch of Politicians...who made every law
  that was around within this world.  
&quot;You can't hide the fact that you feel for her...your desires are Going
  for her. You'd die for her...protect her at any cost.&quot; she Accused to
  him, as he glared at her knowing that she was correct.  
&quot;Yes, one does that for something he will own&quot; he says bitterly.
  Finally on the screen the young man known as Zach appeared as his hazel colored
  eyes glanced around as in a daze....a smile appeared on Willow's face as she
  watched him appear.  
&quot;Who is that young fellow?&quot; she asked with a small grin. Julian
  rolled his eyes sick of that young fellow...in no form was he a man. He was
  just a weak boy who thought he could get any human female, but He truly had
  no idea...what his lover was truly like.  
&quot;Why? You don't happen to have a liking to that weakling, do you?&quot;he
  Asked half joking with a very humorous way to the situation.  
&quot;Of course not, I don't fall for humans unlike some people, but who
  is He?&quot; she asked with curiosity hinting within her voice. Julian Smiled
  good naturedly....as he found a plan forming within his mind.  
&quot;So sister, you think you could dominate his soul?&quot; he asked with
  a smile forming onto his lips.  
&quot;Of course, any man could be dominated very easily&quot; she said in
  a quick response.  
&quot;I will make a bet with you, Willow.&quot; he said slowly, hoping she
  could go along with it.  
&quot;What kind of bet?&quot; she asked cautiously.  
&quot;Well you think you could make him your slave and I think I could make
  Lana mine. How about who ever is able to...turns out to be the better...one..it
  will show the argument we've been having since we Were in diapers. About whether
  men are the dominant ones or women.&quot;he said with a smile crossing his
  lips.  
&quot;What are the turns?&quot; she asked, watching him wondering if her
  dear Brother was up to his old tricks.  
&quot;Well who ever turns out being the better...one as in the one who can
  Dominate Lana or Zach. It proves that one is meant to rule...which Means...if
  I win you will become my slave...for as long as I wish. And if you win I will
  be yours for as long as you wish&quot; he said.  
&quot;Fine, I am making one rule for this bet though...you can't fall in
  love with the person. Agreed?&quot; she asked softly knowing that would in
  The end make the game harder.  
&quot;Agreed&quot; he said, a wide smile appearing on his face.  
&quot;Then let the games begin&quot; she said cheerfully as she headed out
  of The chambers, knowing that it was going to be a beautiful day. What Will
  happen next? Will they be able to win Lana and Zach's soul? Will Lana be able
  to excape? Is Julian falling in love for her? How will Zach react to knowing
  he is part of the game? Only time can tell. Slowly the young man known as Zach
  stood by the tree...glancing into Lana's window,wondering what was wrong with
  her. She hadn't been herself for the last few days which was worrying him.
  She was always the kind of girl who...always paid attention to getting ahead
  of everyone and suceeding through her life. But now, she had seemed more distant...more
  reserved. So unlike herself,slowly he walked towards the house...noticing how
  dark the house seemed.  
Opening the door,surprisingly finding it open as he entered,noticing how
  quiet it seemed all around. Following the hallway through the kitchen finding
  his way to where Lana's mother left some notes. He found a note that catched
  his eyes immediately,wondering what it was for.  
&quot;The pain rings...through your eyes and your heart. You can save the
  one you truly love without the pain. You have to give into your calling&quot; he
  read that aloud,wondering what the words would mean within. Did it mean something
  about Lana? What the hell has happened to her? Slowly Zach started to make
  his way up to her room,wondering what was wrong.  
&quot;Lana? Are you here? &quot; he asked worried,letting his voice be heard
  as he continued through the house until he got to her room,easily finding the
  door locked. He heard the soft moans and whimpering from her room,as he continued
  banging on the door,trying to get in wondering who was there with her. Has
  someone else won her attention? Was that why she was being so distant towards
  him?  
Surprisingly the door suddenly opened,almost like magic...as he walked in
  noticing his love...His Lana. She was bare naked,asleep so peacefully...with
  one of her soft hands carressing her large breasts,with the other hand fingering
  her trimmed cunt quickly...her emerald sea like eyes closed. &quot;No! Julian!
  I need you....I need to please you....please! Help me surrender completely!
  Please! This is torment!&quot;  
Zach couldn't believe his eyes or his own ears, Lana has never talked or
  moaned like this before in the past. Slowly he kneeled down next to her bed,knowing
  nothing would tear him away from her bed side. God, what was doing this to
  her? His love and his hope?  
Meanwhile,else where Julian watched this from where he sat on the video,as
  a smile appeared onto his face knowing he had to do something to make sure
  he won this bet with his guillable sister. Slowly his servant Callista with
  the chains upon her wrists bought in the bowl of grapes. &quot;Kneel,girl...you
  don't deserve to sand....feed them to me&quot;  
Callista fell to her knees,unable to glance up at her Master,knowing better
  than to defy him. Her eyes looking over at the screen briefy,feeling pain for
  the young man knowing things would be very different for him and the girl...when
  Julian would take them away from everything they have come to love and known. &quot;My
  Lord, Mistress Willow...has told me brother that...she is going to send a Lanianc
  to the earth to claim the boy.&quot; she said softly,knowing the warrior that
  Lanianc was.  
&quot;Hmm,that does draw a problem,doesn't it? I guess I will have to do
  what I normally do when my sister gets in my way, don't I?&quot; he asked with
  a smirk,knowing that this girl was well trained...but too obediant...not enough
  spirit for him to deal with. Lana on the other hand had so much to offer and
  he would win her as his own from anyone who dared. Slowly he traced his hand
  against Callista's soft breast...as he let her place a grape into his mouth.  
&quot;What is that, M'Lord?&quot; she asked in such a soft voice,almost as
  soft as the bells one would hear for a wedding.  
&quot;When I want something done, I will have to do it myself. This Zach....is
  pathetic. He won't mind letting me take over for awhile...besides I have to
  win Lana,anyways. She willl learn who she belongs to...in any sense of the
  word. &quot; he said with a laugh...slowly closing his eyes preparing himself.
  Callista watched him her eyes widening fear knowing not even a strong woman
  could resist Julian's charms and good looks.  
In Lana's room, Zach felt something...something that made him feel very lightheaded...grabbing
  his small dick, feeling it semi hard,as he felt lightheaded,finally a grin
  appeared onto his face. Slowly Lana,opened her eyes noticing her lover right
  in front of her as she sat up. &quot;Zach, what are you doing here? What's
  wrong? Did something happen?&quot;  
Lana looked up at him,noticing the lustful look within his deep eyes,wondering
  what was wrong as she questioned him. Slowly she felt his hand feeling so powerful
  against her large breasts...lying it there,twisting her nipples...so hard. &quot;Who
  do these belong to?&quot;  
&quot;They.....they are my breasts&quot; she said softly,but in response
  she heard a sadistic laugh that reminded her too much of the man of her dreams.
  Feeling him only twist them harder,then biting into them with his teeth clearly
  knowing what he was doing.  
&quot;No Lana,your wrong...a slave owns nothing&quot; he said with a laugh,noticing
  her eyes widen. Smiling knowing who he was....truly was sinking into her mind....as
  she struggled,still trying to fight him...her small hand trying to reach towards
  her bathrobe...but Julian was blocking it from her. She would have to go past
  him to find herself able to hold onto it.  
&quot;Zach your....not him!&quot; she cried out as she tried to struggle
  past him to get her pathrobe,her emerald eyes full of fear. Trying to get past
  him,but feeling him pick her up,pushing her across his lap. Carressing her
  soft ass cheeks,with a sadistic smile going across his face.  
&quot;It doesn't matter who I am...you will submit!&quot; he yelled as she
  struggled,feeling a firm hand spank her ass cheeks hard and fast,as tears streamed
  down her face. Tears streamed down her face,feeling his rough hands continuing
  to spank her...as tears continued to stream down her face.  
&quot;Stop please! I will obey! I will! I will do everything you wish!&quot; she
  cried out helplessly,trying to hold her ass cheeks back,carressing them but
  she was unable to.  
&quot;That is a good girl. Now who will you yearn to please?&quot; he asked...as
  he continued to spank her hard and rough against the ass cheeks,as she whimpered
  softly. Julian knew she would give in by the new night,as he continued to carress
  her asscheeks,knowing when she came to his world he wouldn't have to take on
  the form of a pathetic worm.  
&quot;My Master and Lord!&quot; she cried out,softly....as she felt his hands
  on her securely,feeling more and more free...as her tears streamed down her
  face.  
&quot;Is Zach your Master?&quot; he asked with a smirk appearing onto his
  face. Lana didn't know who was but she knew it wasn't Zach, it was someone
  else...the man within her dreams. But who was he?  
&quot;No, but I don't know who my master is&quot; she said softly,feeling
  his hands moving down her ass cheeks almost carressing her. Yearning more of
  his touch as she tried to move closer to the small dick,needing more of his
  power and touch within.  
&quot;That isn't for you to know...but you want to please your Master,don't
  you...pet?&quot; he asked,letting his hand go through his new slaves hair,knowing
  by the time he was through with her she would never question her submission
  again.  
&quot;Yes More than anything, Master! How may this girl please you?&quot;  
&quot;Well tomorrow you will get some things for your Master,his voice will
  be inside your head....you will know better than to refuse,won't you?&quot; he
  asked...knowing she would try to fight him,but wouldn't be able to at all.  
&quot;Yes Master&quot;  
Slowly she felt Zach pushing her off of him,surprised to see the position
  he was holding her in as he gave her a confusing look. Lana backed up,not knowing
  what to say as he held her within his loving ways,but she knew inner she needed
  more...desired more than what she had felt within with her love.  
What will happen next?  
Shall this be continued or will I leave you in wonder?  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sarah


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





