BDSM Library - Helpless




Helpless
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young student seduces then humiliates teacher.Helpless  
Stephen sighed as he looked despairingly at the boxes and boxes of marking
  to do. It was the end of a very long day, and the shadows were already falling.
  Stephen surveyed the now empty office and it suddenly felt palpably deserted,
  the only noise that could be heard was the 1960's heating system installed
  which kept the college carefully regulated to ensure its occupants are either
  boiling alive or freezing cold. There was a small knock at the door and Stephen
  frowned for a moment; the only people who would knock at the door were students
  but surely they'd all gone long ago.  
He opened the door and was confronted by Susan Williams, a second year she
  would be leaving soon to begin her degree at Glasgow. She had a lovely figure
  and long blond hair. Stephen couldn't help but look stunned when he saw what
  she was wearing. She stood approximately 5'6'' tall, perfectly proportioned
  with a very impish face that could be characterized as mischievous.  
She was wearing a very short mini dress, the neck was very low cut and clearly
  showed her small but rounded breasts cupped in her black bra. And to finish
  the whole west end hooker look a pair of bright red knee length boot with spiked
  high heels. In truth Stephen's knees were weak just looking at her.  
"What can I do for you Susan; You're here rather late aren't you" said Stephen
  rallying a little with some formality .. "Yes I've been working on some homework
  that's overdue. Its for you actually, and it has to be in by tomorrow. I really
  need a distinction on this and you're the only person left who can help me." Said
  Susan theatrically pouting, smiling and batting her eyelids.  
"Sure come in, I'm sure it wont take long." Susan came through the door closing
  it after herself and walked over to his desk . She stood beside Stephen as
  he sat at his desk loading her disk, she had taken out of her bag, onto his
  PC. He was suddenly very aware of those damned boots right by his face, he
  could see the rise and fall of her upper thigh before her modesty was somewhat
  belatedly covered by the very short dress. To make matters worse she was wearing
  a scent that surrounded her in fresh smelling loveliness.  
Stephen was reeling, overcome with waves of sheer lust that screamed to every
  fiber of his being. At the same time he was filled with shame and horror at
  his reaction. He made a Herculean effort to ask what the problem was, although
  he was clearly shaken. Susan leaned in closer to point out the problem and
  fleetingly just for a moment he could clearly see down her top. Two beautifully
  pert breasts cupped in a black lacy bra standing right over him. Her scent
  was overpowering, Stephen couldn't be sure but just for a split second as she
  leant in she held his eye and he felt a spasm of wild excitement.  
Stephen hastily drew a seat to the desk for her to sit in and was suddenly
  very aware that he was alone with a sexually provocative 19 year old girl and
  he was getting increasingly worried that he couldn't trust himself. Susan shifted
  position slightly in her chair causing her skirt to ride up slightly. Stephen
  was utterly mesmerized, to his horror he felt an irrection swelling his already
  tight trousers.  
Susan glanced across and gave a sly grin that slowly spread from ear to ear.
  She leaned back in the chair, tipping the front legs slightly and placed a
  booted foot against the edge of the desk. Only centimeters away from his by
  now rock hard cock, clearly outlined on his trousers.  
Stephen blushed furiously, he felt so embarrassed. Sensing this Susan moved
  the pointed toe of the boot in slow, small circle. Her stiletto heel making
  larger circles near his swollen cock. "Do you like my boots sir,?" she asked
  softly but her voice carried a confidence that worried Stephen. It was like
  she could read every thought in his head. "Yes they are very nice' he stammered.
  As he looked down at her he became aware that her raised leg showed a very
  simple, nicely cut pair of white cotton knickers, with her crotch in full view.  
Susan looked him deeply in the eye and keeping her eyes fixed on Stephens
  all of the time as she swiveled the chairs to face each other. " I think they
  are fucking beautiful don't you sir?" As she spoke she lay back in her chair
  and carefully placed each foot on either side of him. With her legs wide open,
  Stephen just couldn't seem to be able to move. "Do you like me sir?" she asked
  still looking in his eyes. "I've seen you looking, nothing to obvious though".
  She reached across and picked up one of Stevens hands, and gently rubbed his
  hand over the swell of her vulva and then down to her cunt lips just beneath
  the cotton. "You must stop this Susan, this could ruin my career.." but he
  wasn't resisting her. His hand gently tracked over her thighs and on to her
  boots.  
Stephen felt utterly powerless to resist but felt deeply ashamed of what
  he was contemplating. At the same time he felt utterly entranced and helpless.
  'Do you want to fuck me Stephen' she asked playfully. Stephens mind raced his
  heart was slamming into his chest, finally looking down he murmured "yes I
  do"&hellip;&hellip; He was aroused like he had never felt before. "I didn't
  hear you Stephen" she said with a powerful edge to her voice. "Yes, yes I do
  Susan, god help me, yes I do."  
If you want me, there is only one rule and that is: Whatever I say. I am
  in charge, always without question or you will  regret
  it." Stephen felt an involuntary shiver run from his head to his toes. "You
  may have heard of the stop word in situations like this, so the slave, that's
  you, can, let me know when he wants to stop. I have a slightly different approach
  to this; all you have to say is 'I want out' three times in a row. If you do
  that and spoil my fun then I am going to scream rape so loud you will never
  work in teaching again. I have also arranged for several friends to claim that
  you molested them as well. This is no idle threat&hellip;.we already have a
  couple of scalps on that front".  
At this point Stephen was terrified but his hard on was as big as ever and
  all he knew was that he wanted to surrender himself to her. He felt an overwhelming
  feeling of utter subservience. "Are we agreed, she asked playfully raising
  the pointed toe of her boot so that it was just touching his lips. The smell
  of PVC was overwhelming as he breathed in great lungfuls. 'Yes' he gasped.
  Susan looked him up and down. "You will always refer to me as Miss Susan. And
  you will not speak until I give you permission".  
Miss Susan stood up next to him. Stephen couldn't believe how out of control
  he was, how had this happened so quickly? "Now I'll keep this simple so even
  you can understand. Go to the door and lock it", after he complied he stood
  in front of her, his head bowed looking at the spike heels of her boots. "Now
  strip", Stephen was shocked but he knew the penalties if he didn't comply.
  Slowly he removed items of clothing and laid them on the floor. 'Quickly" Miss
  Susan said silkily. Stephen was terrified someone would see, until he stood
  naked in front of her. Covering his rather painful irrection with his cupped
  hands. "Stand up straight, head back hands at your sides. 'DO NOT FUCKING MOVE,
  do you understand me?'. As Stephen complied she stood up and slowly walked
  round him. "Go and stand over by the door'. Steven felt a stab of real fear&hellip; "but
  someone will see!" gasped Stephen.  
Susan took a deep breath and screamed "RAPE" at the top of her voice. Stephen
  ran over to the door and tried to stand up straight. "You never ever argue
  with me or ask questions you filthy fucking man". Stephen was stunned at the
  fury and suppressed power of her voice. Her voice suddenly changed to softly
  mocking. "What would you students think if they could see you like this, haven't
  you any shame " she pouted. "Turn and face the wall" she said softly. " Place
  your arms far apart and move them down the wall so that you have assumed the
  position.".  
She stepped up behind him and kicked his legs apart painfully. She then pushed
  her groin against his arse and with her right hand she grabbed a handful of
  hair and dragged his head back painfully so that it was only millimeters from
  hers. Softly she kissed his cheek. Stephens legs were trembling markedly as
  he struggled to maintain his balance. Susan had by now moved to his ear blowing
  softly. Softly brushing the lobe of his ear with her full lips.  
Stephen groaned, "Please Miss Susan," he whimpered. Susan reached round and
  wrapped her long elegant hands around his uncircumcised cock. Slowly, agonizingly
  slowly Miss Susan pulled his foreskin back. "You are a dirty little slut are
  you not slave" she whispered in his ear.  
The sensations wracking Stephens senses only allowed him to whimper "yes
  Miss Susan&hellip;". Slowly the pressure on the foreskin increased until it
  was on the very edge of pain. "I can make all your filthy disgusting dreams
  come true slut" she whispered in his ear. Slowly her hand was gently easing
  off and easing on the pressure. The sensation was exquisite. You're mine now Sir  ,
  and you will quickly learn that I can bring you infinite pleasure, as she said
  this her hand movements became more definite I only ask for your total subservience
  no matter what I choose to do to you."  
She continued to slowly move her hand on his cock, Stephen found that he
  was whimpering. "Please, Jesus, please" he whined, he was almost crying with
  the frustration of release.  
Suddenly she stopped and stepped back, Stephen almost howled in frustration.
  He sank to his knees with his head down. "While you're down there I think you
  need to get better acquainted with my boots." The shock of his frustration
  flooded through Stephen the reality of the situation really hit home and he
  was suddenly very scared.  
"Look" said Steven "perhaps this is a bad idea", he stepped back slightly
  and started to stand. Susan suddenly grabbed his hair and dragged him forward,
  quickly unlocking and opening the door. To his utter horror he found himself
  naked in a brightly lit college corridor and he knew that there were occasional
  night school students. He heard the key turn in the lock, now he was seriously
  shitting himself.  
"Susan!" he hissed through the door, please Christ let me in, I'll lose everything
  please. "Fuck off slut!" shouted Susan, through the door. "Please I'll do anything&hellip;Miss
  Susan, ANYTHING". "Get on your hands and fucking knees and beg me like the
  little fucking slut you are.". By now Stephen was in no mood to argue, he immediately
  sank to his knees and pleaded with her to let him in.  
The door suddenly opened and he fell gratefully inside. The door slammed
  behind him and Susan stood above him with her arms folded, looking down at
  him. Seeing her stand above him enveloped him with lust that rode on waves
  of relief at getting back in the office.  
Without a word Susan stepped over him with a foot either of his shoulder.
  Steven stared at her; he was able to clearly see the white cotton panties.
  Looking down at him locking her eyes on his she slowly started to lift the
  tiny mini dress. She was utterly magnificent, slowly she bent her knees and
  lowered herself so that she was sitting with all her weight on his chest. She
  leaned forward, her spiked heels on each side of his face and locked eyes with
  David. She spat in his face, "Listen to me sir  ,
  we've wasted too much time already; you are already in too deep. You will lose
  your job, you will be a social pariah, you will lose everything. So lose the
  fucking attitude, it is fucking obvious that you are totally horny for me,
  she widened her legs slightly and gently circled her clit with her index finger  
He could smell her panties they had been washed using some sort of fabric
  softener and he could clearly smell them. Her panties had been pulled taught
  so that her cunt lips were clearly outlined, "you will lie and not move, keep
  absolutely still no matter what.". She shifted her weight forward and sat her
  arse hard into his face, she was putting all her weight on is face as she ground
  her finger over her clit.  
She ground her arse into his face as she bucked against her finger, David's
  whole world consisted of her cotton clad arse grinding painfully into his face. "Lick
  my arse little doggie she laughed. Sniff my arse, I want to here you breathing
  my arse you dirty fucking slut. Push your face against my fucking arse you
  worthless piece of shit&hellip; Stephen pushed his face into the crack of her
  arse mashing his skin into the cotton filled peachy pert young arse.  
Miss Susan came suddenly and violently she let out a long slow groan and
  sprayed her cunt juices all over the knickers which were now sodden. Standing
  up again she ordered him to get on his hands and knees. "Ahhhhhh that was nice,
  you really do make a rather nice pet" she laughed nastily. "I think I'll call
  you SlutBitch, this is your name until I tell you otherwise. But every doggie
  needs a nice collar and lead" Ms Simon reached into her bag and removed a dog
  collar and a leash.  
She walked in front of Stephen and fitted the collar around his neck, attaching
  the lead to the collar she stood and began walking to the door. She tugged
  the lead "you deserve a little walkie for being such a good SlutBitch." Stephen
  was utterly helpless, even though he was afraid of the possibility of getting
  caught in the corridor he was utterly powerless to oppose her. He crawled numbly
  after her outside of the door. It was now at least 9:30pm and the college was
  deserted. Obviously they had been missed and now all but a few staff had gone
  home.  
Keep up Ms Susan hissed, giving a huge tug on the lead. She led him unerringly
  through the empty corridors. Stephen prayed that they would not meet anyone.
  Indeed he was so preoccupied with the possibility that he completely forgot
  to take note of where he was going. Ms Susan stopped outside a door. Stephen
  looked up and saw the large sign on the door that had the word "Principle" stencelled
  on it. "Oh shit, he thought." Come on don't dawdle she kicked his arse painfully.
  Stephen found himself in the principles plush and comfortable office.  
She walked across the room, sat back in the principles chair and crossed
  one leg over her knee, Her leg swung lazily as she lay back. You really are
  like a doggie slutbitch, and you know what dogs do with peoples legs&hellip;.I
  want you to dry fuck my boot, she moved her boot toe around in sensual circles.
  Come on slut, Stephen crawled across the room his head hanging. Put your arms
  around my waist, and wank yourself until you come on my nice shiny boots.  
Stephen melted into her soft scented lap and clambered his leg over awkwardly,
  suddenly he felt the tip of her boot moving around his arse. His cock was pressed
  hard against the students PVC clad shin. Slowly he began to dry fuck the boot.
  Good boy, my, my Sir  , you do look a picture.
  Tell me you love it slut &ndash; punctuating her words with movements of her
  toes. "I love dry fucking your boot Miss Susan" gasped Stephen.  
All the time he is desperately trying to come. He hears a click and looked
  up, Ms Susan had just turned off a small sleek Dictaphone. "More grist for
  the mill slut" she laughed.  
Stephen could last no longer, he came in endless explosive waves. He arched
  his back and still he pumped his cock wildly. Wave after wave of pleasure as
  his cock jerked again and again. He came all over the floor, more cum than
  he would have believed possible.  
Stephen slumped to the floor, still reeling from the pleasure; he lay in
  an exhausted state eyes staring at the beautiful young woman standing over
  him. 'That will do for now Stephen I'll see you in class tomorrow.' She smiled
  wickedly, one more thing before you go she said and sat on his face hard..  
She leaned forwards grabbed his hair and pulled his face into her white cotton
  knickers. Mashing the soft cotton covering her cunt lips onto his mouth. 'This
  is for you" she gasped and started pissing heavily. "Swallow it, she shouted
  pulling hard on his hair, drink your students piss like a good little boy.
  Each word was punctuated as she gyrated her hips. The piss covered his face
  and ran down his throat as he gulped down the salty yellow liquid. Ms Susan
  repeatedly rammed her piss soaked knickers into his face."  
Slowly she rose and looked down at her teacher. She deftly removed her now
  sodden knickers, screwed them up into a ball and pushed them gently into Stephens
  open mouth.  
Its going to be an interesting term sir  She giggled
  smiling wickedly at him. She walked confidently out of the door leaving the
  door wide open through which could be seen a piss soaked figure lying in a
  pool of his own semen wondering how the hell this had happened.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  tru2formuk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





