BDSM Library - Career Change




Career Change
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After nearly fifteen years as the premier dominatrix in Central New York Long Tall Mary decides it is time for a career change. Having distinguished herself with her bizarre and sadistic methods she decides to try her hand at the slave trade in partnership with an equally bizarre and sadistic gay ex-cult member.CAREER CHANGE by Long Tall Mary  
I'm 52 years old and for fifteen of the past seventeen years I've been active
  in the Syracuse area dominatrix scene. At 35 years of age I began my career
  as an employee of a local bordello catering to a predominately male clientele
  and progressed to managing this same business. Later I acquired my own home
  dungeon leaving the staff dominatrix to concentrate on submissive males at
  the main dungeon while I concentrated on a smaller number of female submissives
  at home.  
My trademark has long been my bizarre and sadistic cruelty coupled with my
  blond, 6'0 ,well proportioned body. In recent years these talents have been
  put much to use disciplining errant staff dominatrix. You may think that being
  in dominatrix management is cakewalk but the reality is that your employees
  can easily destroy your business and constant vigilance is essential. One example
  of this is selling drugs on bordello premises, this will invariably attract
  the attention of the police and led to the downfall of my original employer,
  Craig.  
In recent years I have had numerous such drug problems with my staff. Another
  disciplinary problem has been staff dominatrix trying to arrange private sessions
  with customers thus depriving the house of their business. When I detected
  misconduct by a dominatrix she was offered a choice of punitive rehabilitation
  at my home dungeon or dismissal. At one time most chose the rehab but more
  recently they have been opting for free agency and stealing my clientele in
  the process.  
What ultimately ruined my bordello business was predictably a staff dominatrix
  who sold drugs on premises to the customers. One customer happened to be an
  undercover agent and this led to my bordello being raided. This resulted in
  me being charged with promoting prostitution and in addition all of my expensive
  dungeon equipment was confiscated. It cost me $10,000.00 for an attorney and
  I ended up with a $500.00 fine but my business was ruined. I sold the house
  in suburban Clay where my business dungeon was located but various tax liens
  kept me from making any profit.  
I still had my expensive home in Camillus furnished with its own well equipped
  dungeon as well as the bar I owned in downtown Syracuse. The bar was struggling
  financially largely due to the asinine state smoking law but with few prospective
  buyers available sale was not a realistic option. I still serviced a few female
  customers at my home dungeon but it was hardly a lucrative operation.  
For years I had fantasized about being a slaver that is someone who abducts
  and sells women. In my mind this activity existed only in the minds of fiction
  writers and I would have continued to believe that had it not been for one
  of the most vicious and depraved persons I have ever known, namely Mad Max.  
Max, currently 43 years old, and sporting a skin head look at one time was
  the premier gay bondage trainer in the area. He was as cruel and sadistic in
  his treatment of his customers as myself. Forcing gay sex upon an unwilling
  homophobe was one of his trademarks as was the use of extreme torture methods
  such as the bullwhip.  
About three years ago Max went on the lam after being indicted on meth trafficking
  charges. He joined a bizarre religious cult headquartered in Maine. This cult
  was known for the abduction and enslavement of women with Max being the leader
  in that area. Max eventually soured of the cult and decided to surrender on
  the drug charges. His lawyer worked out a deal whereby Max served one year
  in prison and was released with no probation or parole.  
Max returned to the Syracuse area and unsuccessfully attempted to reestablish
  himself in both the bondage and drug business. He was reduced to working at
  an auto scrap yard run by his brother. A few times he patronized my bar and
  we exchanged old memories but clearly Max was perturbed with his current station
  in life. Then unexpectedly one day Max called and asked if he could stop at
  my house to discuss a matter. Max is not a person you refuse easily and two
  hours later Max arrived wearing his trademark black leather jacket and jeans.
  What he was to propose would have a profound effect on my future.  
Max's proposal was that the two of us abduct and train females who then would
  be sold to a transnational slave organization. These females would then be
  resold into slavery in various countries including ones in South America, Africa,
  and the Mideast. Our role would be to abduct the female and transport her to
  the New York City area where a transfer would take place at a clandestine location.
  A delivery would bring a payment of $20,000.00 to be split equally between
  the two of us.  
My initial reaction was that Max was suffering from meth induced delusions
  but the more I listened the more convincing he sounded. I questioned him as
  to why a slave ring based in New York City would hire outsiders to abduct and
  deliver females. Max stated that they had only a handful of operatives in this
  country and their primary concern was the overseas shipping of the slaves.
  They preferred to have slaves abducted from an area as geographically diverse
  as possible and that the organization also contracted with other independents
  to carry out abductions in other parts of the eastern United States.  
The general requirement for slaves was that they be between the ages of 18
  and 21, well endowed, intelligent and with relatively limited sexual experience.
  This excluded hookers and likewise drug addicts were not desired, it was basically
  the girl next door type. We were not required to pre clear a prospective slave
  with the organization however if we failed to deliver a quality product our
  services would not be sought in the future.  
Another requirement of the organization was that the delivered goods not
  be damaged as with permanent welts from repeated flagellation. This could easily
  prove to be a problem with Max as he had a tendency to push a slave to their
  upper limits. On the more positive side Max had no interest in penetrative
  sex with any of the females so that part of the training would be up to me,
  a role I cherished.  
Max and I set a tentative date of one month for the abduction with the first
  task being to select a victim. I have long harbored a disdain for beauty queens
  and coincidentally I saw a news article featuring the winner of a local contest.
  Carrie was a nineteen year old pharmacy student at the local university and
  a well endowed blond, blue eyed 5'9" looker type.  
We conducted some back ground research into our prospect and learned that
  she resided with her parents' in a rural area of the county but that the parents'
  vacationed in Florida for the winter. She dated occasionally but had no steady
  boy friend and there was no indication of any kinky leanings. From the abduction
  standpoint the fact that she lived alone in a rural area was favorable to a
  home invasion type of snatch something ideally suited for Max's talents.  
After careful study we decided it would be best for Max to break into the
  home when no one was in the house and lie in wait for the victim to return
  . I would be positioned not faraway in our van and Max would notify me by two
  way radio as soon as the victim arrived home. By the time I arrived there Max
  would have the victim subdued and restrained and she would then be placed in
  the van for transport to my home dungeon.  
We had some debate over the method of subduing our snatch. Max favored injecting
  her with a sedative drug but I pointed out that since it was January she would
  be arriving home fully clothed and injecting her might necessitate a struggle
  while removing her clothing. I argued that a chloroform soaked rag could easily
  be held over her face for the sixty seconds or so before it took effect. Max
  finally agreed with my approach. My only regret was that I would not be present
  for the initial subduing but Max agreed to let me ride in the rear of the van
  with the victim. The thought of watching the struggles and hearing the cries
  of a freshly abducted beauty is simply exhilarating and one that I had yet
  to experience.  
Our planning complete the snatch was set for a Friday evening and we expected
  our victim would be arriving home before midnight. At 11:00PM I dropped Max
  off at her residence and he entered her house through an unlocked door, such
  is the sense of security that many rural residents feel.  
I then drove off in the van and would drive discreetly in the vicinity until
  notified by Max to report to the house.  
Just before midnight Carrie returned home and was overpowered by Max before
  she could turn the kitchen light on. Holding the chloroform soaked rag tightly
  over her nose and mouth caused her to slump into semiconsciousness within a
  minute. Max who was himself wearing a ski mask quickly handcuffed her hands
  behind her as well as her ankles but left her ungagged and unblinded for the
  time being. He then notified me by radio and within five minutes I pulled into
  the driveway of the house. Max promptly emerged from the house carrying the
  victim like a sack over his shoulder.  
Tossing the sack into the rear of the van through the side door we quickly
  traded places with Max in the drivers side and myself in the rear enabling
  me to catch my first close up view of our captive. She was attired in black
  slacks, a tight white pullover sweater, a fashionable black leather coat and
  ankle boots. I pulled a snug fitting leather bondage hood over head with the
  detachable blindfold in place. The nose and mouth openings were left uncovered,
  after she regained full consciousness I would amuse myself applying various
  gags to her. It was a highly arousing experience seeing her helplessly handcuffed
  and hooded knowing that her days of freedom were now history.  
It was only a twenty minute ride to my home and Max wisely drove very non
  aggressively least we attract the attention of police. As he drove I amused
  myself by running my hand inside our captive's panties. Despite her less than
  full consciousness she responded with erotic moans and her pussy was quite
  moist. I sensed she would be relatively easy to train which is somewhat to
  my disliking as I've become accustomed to the resistant types.  
Upon arrival at home Max once again carried the captive again like a sack
  to my dungeon in the basement. Much money has gone into this dungeon and it
  occupies nearly half the floor space. Entry is first made through a jail cell
  type door into a windowless room which contains another real life jail cell.
  Positioned about the room are my "wheel of fortune" rotating X frame and various
  other pieces of bondage furniture. Hung on the walls are a variety of whips,
  handcuffs and other bondage implements. Even to the uninitiated the purpose
  of the room is obvious.  
We had plans made for Carrie. She was placed on her back on a king sized
  bed with only springs on the dungeon floor with the mattress having been removed
  and using leather wrist and ankle cuffs she was tightly spreadeaged to the
  corners. I had decided that she would be inserted with both anal and vaginal
  dildoes which would remain in place for the duration of her stay. Everything
  I had read and heard from others was that a female with a cock constantly inside
  her will ultimately better adapt to the realities of slave life.  
First was the removal of her clothes for which she would have no further
  use. My heavy duty shears quickly shredded her clothing and her boots were
  removed leaving her stark naked. We had various vinyl outfits for her to wear
  as desired. Next was the insertion of both vaginal and anal dildoes. Her fuck
  hole was exceedingly tight and it took considerable lubrication before I could
  insert it. The plug for her asshole was somewhat easier but it was still more
  difficult than the average insertion. A chastity belt device was attached around
  her waist assuring that neither internal device would be dislodged. The devices
  would remain in place for the duration of her confinement and only removed
  for training or other necessity.  
By this time she had regained full consciousness and even with the bondage
  hood and blindfold in place I'm certain she realized that her restraints were
  inescapable. I then detached the blindfold from the hood allowing her first
  look at Max and I, Max still wearing his ski mask but I was unmasked. She pleaded
  to know her fate and I calmly explained to her that we had targeted her for
  abduction, that she would be confined for four or five days of training and
  then sold to an overseas slaver. She would never again be free and if she resisted
  she would likely end up performing hard labor as opposed to the relative comfort
  of being a harem or other personal slave. Saying no more I reattached the blindfold
  and attached a penis gag to the bondage hood. Leaving her unattended for the
  time being Max and I went upstairs to take a much deserved break.  
Once upstairs Max made a call to the slavers informing them that the abduction
  had been consummated and agreeing on a tentative delivery date of four days
  from now. All the time I was watching and listening to our captive using my
  closed circuit television system with her silence and passivity proving rather
  disappointing, I enjoy watching my ladies struggle and making erotic moaning
  sounds through their gags.  
The delivery would present a formidable logistical challenge. We had to transport
  her nearly two hundred miles by van before turning her over to the buyers.
  The exact location of the transfer would not be made known to us until within
  two hours of the transfer. Meticulous plans had already been made to keep the
  captive sedated and in restraint for the journey. Max had acquired a coffin
  and the captive would be secured inside the coffin with adequate provision
  for ventilation of course. Max with his formidable mechanical talents had added
  additional soundproofing material to the interior of the coffin. Thus in the
  unlikely event we were stopped by police and they were to look into the rear
  of the van and observe the coffin we would have a fabricated delivery invoice
  for it and it was unlikely they would hear any sounds from inside it.  
Returning to the basement it was time to begin the training of our captive
  and we would start with Flagellation 101. I had spoken with Max earlier and
  emphasized the necessity for moderation with the whip and while he did not
  appreciate my counsel he begrudgingly agreed to it. The captive was removed
  from the bed and attached to an overhead bar with leather cuffs and a spreader
  bar between the legs. Leaving her gagged Max proceeded to use his bullwhip
  on her and delivering strokes of moderate intensity to her breasts, stomach
  and buttocks. Her pussy was spared for the time being as it was covered by
  the chastity device.  
Next it was time for leash training and a studded leather collar was placed
  around her neck and a leash attached. With her hands bound behind her she was
  made to crawl on her knees about the carpeted floor making barking sounds.
  Her lack of diligence performing these exercises cost her several flogger lashes.
  But it was early in her captivity and I had no doubt that her performance would
  improve quickly.  
Due to the late hour it was decided to confine the captive for the night.
  Cooperative guests are usually allowed the luxury of my full sized jail cell
  with a floor mattress whereas the disobedient ones are confined to a smaller,
  sitting room only type of cage. She was allowed the cell but Max insisted upon
  injecting her with a sedative as it was his belief that well rested slaves
  perform better. I argued to the contrary that slaves who are sleep deprived
  perform better but Max prevailed. Our slave was injected and a six feet chain
  was padlocked to her collar allowing her very limited movement.  
Much work remained to be done so Max and I headed and upstairs and retired
  to our separate rooms. Fortunately my room is equipped with the dungeon monitor
  allowing me the pleasure of viewing the agony of our slave as I wished.  
We both awakened about 7:00AM and I put on one of my numerous leather outfits
  with the current one a black vinyl top and black vinyl pants with the crotch
  exposed. My plans were to begin the training immediately and allow the captive
  some nourishment after an hour or so. Once again my plans conflicted with Max's
  who believed that a nourished captive was more amenable to training. The nourishment
  provided dungeon guests is minimal consisting of only liquid protein shakes,
  no solid food is permitted.  
I sensed displeasure by Max over this conflict but was totally unprepared
  for what happened next. Without warning he proclaimed "You fucking bitch I'm
  running the show not you" and viciously backhanded me across my face. No person
  had ever done that to me ever and my reaction was swift and violent kneeing
  Max in the groin. Next I went for the jugular grabbing his neck with both my
  hands and choking him. Max was completely unprepared for my reaction and he
  writhed in pain both from the blow to his groin and from the choke.  
Knowing that I had the upper hand Max signaled for a truce and I relaxed
  my grip around his neck confident that I could overpower him again if necessary.
  In a gesture completely unbecoming Max he apologized for his act and offered
  to reconcile his antagonism. While doubting his sincerity I had little choice
  as the two of us were facing lengthy jail sentences if caught and self preservation
  demanded that we consummate delivery of our slave.  
The mindset of Max was not difficult for me to comprehend. He was a visceral
  misogynic and this manifested itself in the form of vicious but non sexual
  cruelty towards women primarily in the form of severe whippings. If the slave
  captive had been a male Max would ass and mouth fuck the slave for hours in
  addition to other physical tortures. In this case with the captive being female
  he resented the denial of sexual opportunity and the fact that I was able to
  enjoy it.  
After an extended discussion Max and I reached an agreement. I had emphasized
  the necessity for the slave to be subjected to forced oral sex upon a male
  cock. This is a quality highly desired in slaves and failing to train our slave
  adequately in that respect could prove costly. Max unhappily accepted the necessity
  of a female taking his cock orally and it would be done using a dental retainer
  gag to force the mouth open and prevent teeth contact.  
Max would be allowed to inflict flagellation and other physical tortures.
  I would concentrate on strap on sex as well as assorted tortures and obedience
  training. It was going on 8:00AM and we had much work to do with our slave.
  Hopeful that Max and I would be able to reconcile our differences we headed
  for the basement to begin the days training.  
END PART 1  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Long Tall Mary


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





