BDSM Library - A Visit to Dr. Bevertail's Clinic




A Visit to Dr. Bevertail's Clinic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Divorced woman visits a special clinic that deals with sexual issues. Part one has little "sex" in it but sets the mood for the rest of the story.My Visit to Dr Beavertail's Clinic 
1. The Weekend Before
My regular doctor referred me to the beavertail clinic after I had a major
  bout with what my doctor referred to as sexual depression. He told me that
  I needed to experience more sexual activity than the "missionary" style and
  to add some "kink" into my life. 
Let me explain a little about my self so you the reader of this journal understand
  who I am and where I come from. My name is Danielle "Dani" Smith (last name
  changed to protect my privacy). I am 29 years old, measurements of 34c, 28,
  33, and 130 lbs. I am a recently widowed after 11 years of marriage and no
  children. My problem started about three months ago while dating I was unable
  to obtain an orgasm, not that the men I was dating at the time didn't try,
  but it was like all their attempts lead nowhere I would get excited and enjoy
  what they were doing, but I could not reach my release. It is for this reason
  my Dr referred me.  
My first visit was nothing out of the normal, just a complete physical, taking
  blood samples, height, weight, and some body measurements like you would expect
  from a dressmaker getting your measurements for the first time. I was scheduled
  for my next appointment two weeks later.  
Well two frustrating weeks passed, I arrived at the clinic at the prescribed
  time. The nurse escorted me to a room with a desk and chair and a stack of
  papers. The nurse had me sit down and start filling out the papers. The first
  few were the normal stuff personal information, medical insurance forms, medical
  history, family history, then came the questionnaire the first part was asking
  me what different words mean and boy did some of the words shock me others
  I did not have a clue as to what they were.  
Here are a few of the words I remember, cunt, asshole, butt plug, bondage,
  analings, fisting, enema, denial, whitehead gag, pony play, bdsm, topping,
  water sports, scat, bottoming, all in all there must have been a thousand words.
  The next set of questions were about my sexual experiences, if I has tried
  this or if I had fantasized about it, if it repulsed me, of if I didn't have
  a clue as to what it was. I won't go into all that it had but it took me three
  hours to finish all of the paperwork.  
I then met with Dr. Beavertail, and was surprised to find out that the doctor
  was a lady. She went over my medical records and test results from my first
  visit. She asked me a few more questions about my health and proclaimed I was
  a healthy female that needed to learn to let my hair down. She then scheduled
  me for another appointment the next day to go over the paperwork I did today.  
I returned the next day and was promptly shown into the doctor's office.
  I was left in there for about 30 min and looked at her credentials on her wall.
  WOW I thought to my self, cum de laud from Yale school of medicine, loads of
  awards and special classes. She finally came into the office and greeted me
  and had me sit in a leather chair and she sat across from me with my file and
  a notepad.  
Dr Beavertail started to explain to me that I had became bored with sex as
  I knew it and that I needed to learn more about my body and needed to experience
  the wild side as she called it. She asked me if I would be willing to undergo
  a special treatment at her clinic in the high dessert in New Mexico. I asked
  what the treatment entailed and she went over some of the treatment and that
  I would enter treatment voluntarily but once entered I would be made continue
  treatment till the end. She also explained that I would not be permentaly harmed,
  or marked in anyway. She stated she had an opening starting this following
  Monday but I would need to be at the clinic by 6 pm on Friday and would remain
  there for two weeks. I was given two hours to give my answer one way or another,
  she said it would be a vacation that would expand my experiences beyond my
  wildest dreams, and that I would come out a new satisfied woman.  
It was 2pm when I left the clinic on Wednesday and I was to call back by
  4pm that afternoon as to if I would "under go"the treatment, it was a hard
  decision to make in a short time. I said what the heck and called the Clinic
  at 2:59 pm saying I would. They said all I had to do was to show up at the
  airport on Friday morning with only the clothes on my back and my id, they
  would take care of my work, I would have to tell my friends I was going to
  a see a sick aunt.  
I arrived at the airport and went to the ticket counter and the attendant
  said she gave me my ticket, directing me to my gate after checking me in. The
  flight to Taos was uneventful. Upon arriving in Taos, I saw my name on a card
  held by a driver; I approached him and asked if he was from the Clinic. He
  stated he was and that we were expected there by 6pm. We went out of the airport
  and he opened the door to a limo that must be a football field long. I entered
  the limo and there was an envelope on the seat with my name on it.  
We left Taos heading south toward the Mexico border, I opened the envelope
  and read the letter inside, and it was a welcome letter to the clinic and what
  would be expected of me over the next two weeks. It also said this was my last
  chance to turn back; I just had to tell the limo driver that I wished to return
  at any point during this trip to the clinic, up to the time we made the entrance
  to the clinic grounds.  
I kept quiet during the trip which took about 2 hours before we turned off
  the main highway. The gate to the clinic was a huge wrought iron gate with
  two beavers facing each other, the gates slowly swung open and I knew I was
  at the point of no return, the driver said his first words to me since we left
  the airport, and they were "do you wish to continue or should I turn back,
  miss? I responded with continue please. He then started moving forward through
  the gates toward the clinic, the clinic was a massive Victorian looking mansion.
  We pulled up to the front of the building and he opened my door as a nurse
  came out and greeted me.  
Boy did they have this thing timed it was 5:59pm according to the clock on
  the wall of the lobby. The nurse introduced her self as Judy and that I had
  arrived just in time for dinner and asked me to follow her to the dinning room.
  We went down a short hallway and into a typical dinning room of any bread n
  breakfast. The meal was excellent a Yankee pot roast, with potatoes, carrots
  onions and fresh baked bread with water and cran-grape juice to drink.  
After dinner I was shown to my room and asked to set the combination of the
  safe in the room to a number I could remember but would be hard for someone
  to guess, I entered in my numbers 6 of them the date I received my degree in
  finance. The nurse then told me to put my purse overnight bag, and all of my
  clothes, underwear included, into the safe and lock it; I would find my clothes
  for the day in the closet. With that she left the room. I was wondering what
  I got my self into. I tried to open the closet but it would not open, that
  is when I noticed a sign on it stating that the closet would not open until
  the safe was packed and locked.  
I undressed all the way and placed my purse, overnight bag, my folded clothes
  into the safe and closed it, as soon as it was closed I heard it click and
  the clock on the front started counting down the days I have remaining in treatment
  13 days 23 hours and 30 minutes. The safe would not open until the timer reached
  0. I opened the closet and there was two packages, a cup, a toothbrush, toothpaste,
  and bar of soap, towel, and washcloth. I picked up the packages one said night
  of arrival, the other said sleepwear.  
I opened the package for night of arrival and inside was several items of
  clothing, a pair of black exercise shorts, a white bikini panty, a black sports
  bra, and a white tee shirt. With a note stating I was free to do what I wanted
  to tonight and a list of things I could do, there was a TV room, a exercise
  room, a spa, a library and I was free to bring any book back to my room to
  read, a snack bar where I could get a snack or drink if I wanted, also a pool,
  if I was so inclined and swimwear would be provided in the locker room.  
I decided to go to the pool and take a short swim. I followed the directions
  given to the pool and entered the locker room. There was a matron there the
  said to give her what I was wearing. I undressed and handed her my clothes
  and she handed me a package. I opened the package and inside was a red one
  piece swimsuit, I put this on. I went through the door that said pool and was
  surprised at the pool room an Olympic sized pool with a hot tub and sauna on
  one end of the room. I swam several laps and relaxed in the hot tub for a while.  
I returned to the locker room, and the matron gave me a towel to dry off
  and requested the swimsuit and towel to be given to her before I would receive
  my clothes then. So I removed the swimsuit and dried off and handed both the
  suit and towel to her and she handed me a package, in side the package was
  a dark blue thong panty, a white pair of cotton shorts, a dark blue lace bra,
  and a white cotton button up shirt, with a note to do some reading, suggesting
  several short books, the story of O, the sleeping beauty books, Karma sutra
  or to ask the librarian (in bold letters). I proceeded to the library and asked
  the librarian as to what she would recommend that I read. She handed me a book
  titled The Erotic Adventures of Janet  . She then suggested
  that I go to the snack bar and try the midnight special. I was hungry so took
  her up on her suggestion and went to the snack bar and ordered the midnight
  special.  
It was Pita bread stuffed with taco meat, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, and
  salsa, with a large strawberry shake. I sat down and ate while reading the
  first chapter of the book. The book is about an English lady that visits the
  Far East and falls into one encounter after another, each one more exciting
  then one before it. After I finished the snack I returned to my room and sat
  in the large overstuffed chair and continued reading, the book, wishing I could
  have some of her adventures and glad I didn't have others although I was wondering
  what it would feel like to have some of the stuff that happened to her done
  to me.  
When I stopped reading to use the bathroom, I was over &frac34; of the way
  through the book and found out it was now 1am on Sunday so I decided to get
  ready for bed, I brushed my teeth and used the toilet put my clothes into the
  bin that was provided, and opened the package marked sleepwear. It turned out
  to be a silk and lace teddy in emerald green with a thong back.  
I got into the bed which was a standard hospital bed and quickly feel to
  sleep. I awoke the next morning at the alarm going off at 8am (dang preset
  alarm clocks). I tried to stay in bed but it would not turn off until I was
  out of the bed. I went to the bathroom and took off the teddy and used the
  bathroom brushing my teeth and combing my hair. I then retrieved the package
  marked for morning.  
My attire for this morning was a full cut leotard, with self bra and panty,
  and a pair of tennis shoes. A note in the package informed me that breakfast
  was served till 10am today and I was free till lunch time.  
I went to the dinning room and was served a stack of pancakes with Vermont
  maple syrup, two strips of bacon and orange juice. I returned to my room to
  read the rest of the book and finished it around 11am. I returned the book
  and the librarian suggested that I check out the exercise room.  
I went to the exercise room and a matron greeted me, and suggested I try
  the recumbent cycle, I followed her to the cycle and she helped me get on it.
  It had a large padded seat with a ridge along the center like you would see
  on a tractor to hold you on the seat. It had a three point strap for your waist
  and between you legs.  
I started peddling and discovered that the seat vibrated against my crotch,
  sending a very pleasurable feeling up through by private parts. The matron
  tapped my shoulder after what seemed like a short time, it was now 12:30 I
  had been on the cycle for and hour and was drenched with sweat, and another
  bodily fluid, she helped me rise and directed me to the shower.  
In the shower room I stripped and turned on the water and stepped into the
  shower, still in a daze from the "bike ride". I washed up, turned off the water
  and stepped out of the shower, the matron was waiting for me and handed me
  the next package. I opened it and there was my "afternoon" clothes, they consisted
  of a sheer white thong that did not cover my bush, (not that I was that hairy
  there I did keep it trimmed) a matching bra that only covered the lower part
  of my breast, a pair of black velvet shorts and a mid-drift strap tank top,
  and a pair of sandals.  
By this time I was famished, but had missed lunch in the dinning room so
  I had to go to the snack bar again, I had a burger and fries, with a orange
  soda.  
Judy found me while I was in the snack bar, and suggested I visit the spa
  and have a massage from Kathy, it did sound interesting so I went. I arrived
  at the spa and asked for Kathy, she said that was her and she was expecting
  me. She escorted me to a private room and told me to undress and put my clothes
  in the basket, and to lie down on the table face down. I stripped and lay down
  on the massage table placing my face in the opening provided. My breast fit
  into two depressions in the table and my arms seemed to fall into depressions
  along my sides, and my legs slightly spread fell into similar depressions,
  it seemed that the table was made for my body.  
Kathy came in and turned on some ocean sounds, and dimmed the lighting. She
  asked me to just relax and go with the flow, and I felt a warm thick liquid
  being poured on to my back in a s motion down to my buttocks then one stream
  down each leg. Kathy then started rubbing the liquid in which smelled like
  eucalyptus. The lotion she used started to warm my skin and was tingly making
  me feel energized. She spent a lot of time on my back and legs but very little
  time on my buns. She asked me to turn over and she repeated the process on
  my front side, leaving me shining with oil like a wet seal.  
Kathy escorted me to the shower and gave me a crystal clear bar of soap to
  ways with I showered and came back to the massage area, Kathy gave me a package
  which were my before dinner clothes. The clothes if you could call it that
  was a white spandex swimsuit / exercise suit, the front a v down to the belly
  button, the bottom was high cut legs with one inch strip at the sides, and
  a thong back. A note inside the package suggested that I take a nap till dinner.  
Up till that time I did not feel sleepy but the suggestion sounded good,
  I returned to my room and lay down and was out as my head hit the pillow. The
  alarm woke me up at 6pm on Saturday. A note was on the floor by the door stating
  dinner was going to be in the large dinning room and the theme was a beach
  party, well it was, in every thing but the beach, all of the guest at the Clinic
  was dressed like I was and the buffet was loaded with all kinds of seafood.
  Judy and Kathy organized several games, a limbo contest and a conga line to
  our rooms.  
Even though I had taken a nap I was tired and a little sore from the exercise
  this morning, so I got ready for bed, tonight sleep attire was a white baby
  doll with matching panties. I awoke again to the alarm going off at 9am.  
I went to the closet and got out the morning package and was suppressed as
  it was just pink bikini panties, a white bra, and grey sweats, with a note
  stating brunch was served 9am till 2pm and the day was for us to relax, our
  final day before the Treatment, I had a leisurely breakfast and went to watch
  TV and met Susan in the TV room, we talked and discovered we had a lot in common.
  We were still chatting when dinner was announced.  
Dinner was a Sheppard pie, and ice cold milk. Susan and I returned to the
  TV room as we were not allowed in each others room, and talked till 3am before
  retiring, the night attire was a yellow night dress and orange thong panties.  
I fell asleep quickly and was again woken by the alarm at 7am.  
2. Monday  
I arose and went about my morning business, a opened the package marked Monday
  morning, the outfit for this morning is transparent blue thong panty, matching
  bra, dark blue seamed silk stockings, blue garter belt, thigh boots, a light
  blue short skirt, and a sheer white blouse and a blue choker with a small metal
  circle on the front.  
I went to the dinning room and had breakfast as I was finishing up Judy approached
  and commented that I looked nice, I said thank you but that I would not normally
  dress this way, she said I know, it is part of your treatment to be dressed
  in more revealing clothes and to experience the attention that your body deserves.
  Judy told me to go to room 203 for my first appointment of the day.  
I went to the designated room and a nurse greeted me, and asked me to remove
  my blouse and skirt. I folded them and put them on the small table by the door.
  The nurse said have a seat and the doctor will be right with you, the desk
  and chairs in the room were stainless steel with white leather seats and armrest,
  everything else was stark white, the light was from two banks of floresent
  lights in the ceiling again behind white transluant panels. It really made
  me stand out as I was the only thing of color in the room.  
The door at the back of the room opened and a elderly man in a white lab
  coat and green scrubs entered the room carrying a clipboard, he asked if I
  was Danielle Smith I said I was as he sat down behind the desk, he introduced
  himself as Doctor Jerry A. Trick.  
He asked me a few question about my history, and why I was here. I explained
  my problem. He said according to my results from the testing that nothing was
  wrong physically or mentally as to my specific issue. Dr, Trick went on to
  explain that it is not uncommon for this to happen and most of the time it
  just takes some learning and exploration of what really turns you on.  
Dr. Trick then started asking question about specific activities and What
  if anything turned me on about them, on some of the questions he showed me
  the a picture or several pictures showing women posing in revealing clothes,
  like I was, engaged in various sexual acts, having medical exams, or in bondage.
  He asked me to wait a few minutes while he consulted with Dr Beavertail, he
  left the room using the back door again. After what seemed like an enternity
  he returned and said after discussing my case with Dr Beavertail, they have
  came up with the treatment plan, he went over the new plan with me and had
  me sign it, what it would consist of is an intense and rapid introduction into
  the type of sexual interest I have shown interest in. this would be starting
  after lunch. With that he said I was free to go eat lunch in the dining room
  and left the room I retrieved my clothes from the table by the door and got
  dressed.  
I went to the dinning room and had lunch, a bowl of beef stew and fresh baked
  bread. Judy came and escorted me to a new wing of the Clinic. She showed me
  my sleeping room a simple hospital bed, and bathroom and that was all in it
  she asked that I strip and give her my clothes which I did. Judy said a nurse
  would come and get me and she left the room. Now what had I got my self into
  I was thinking, shortly a nurse stepped in and introduced her self as Susan,
  and that she was my charge nurse.  
Susan explained that my first "treatment" would be extended penetration with
  bondage. She described how I was going to be bound and that the penetration
  was going to be both vaginal and anal and would be by machines "fucking" me.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wareagle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





