BDSM Library - The Adventures of Dr. Katrina Duras - Episode I: Spring Break




The Adventures of Dr. Katrina Duras - Episode I: Spring Break
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Katrina takes a trip home during Spring Break from med school. Astonishing secrets about her parents?lives unfold as the week passes.  She learns something about her own  lascivious nature as well.  Author's note: Katrina is still in medical school. The significance of her
  psychiatric training and practice will reveal itself in subsequent episodes.
  This is Katrina's 1 st  episode (obviously), and my
  first story. Feedback is very welcome. I will consider it carefully. Feel free
  to email me directly with suggestions. If you prefer f/f only content (my personal
  favorite), you can skip this episode and head straight to Episode II &ndash; Her
  True Nature. The first two episodes are, for the most part, independent.  
 
    
The adventures of Dr. Katrina Duras &ndash; Episode I: Spring Break   
Chapter 1- The Faculty Party  
Why on earth couldn't I be here with Jane, instead of with my parents and
  bored out of my mind? There's mom (sigh), drinking too much wine and surrounded
  by much of the male faculty, who have been having quite an evening looking
  down her dress. She looks pretty damn good in that little dress &hellip; tight
  ass, nipples clearly visible. How many other wives here look like that? Dad's
  not too bothered and only occasionally glances over to make sure things don't
  get out of hand. But by the end of the evening one of the younger faculty members
  has got her cornered on the semi-private patio outside the ballroom. It is
  poorly lit and not too visible from either inside the building or the surrounding
  manicured garden. She's a bit drunk (I'm being kind) and he's really pressing
  his case. I've been sort of following her around at a safe distance for some
  time now, just to check out the situation.  
Jeez, let's see &hellip; I just started my spring break from med school,
  I'm visiting my folks at the University where my Dad has taught psychology
  for like forever, and where I plowed through the pre-med curriculum, I'm home
  a few hours, I get dragged to one of their boring faculty parties, and I already
  feel like I'm babysitting my mom. But I really came back home to see my sweet
  Jane, my former roommate, who is still living on campus. Why didn't I try to
  bring her to this party? Wish I'd had a little advance notice.  
Well this guy starts gently tapping one of mom's nipples to gauge the response
  and guess what? &hellip; it gets hard. They do that, especially under the influence.
  She fidgets a bit but doesn't stop anything. Then he tweaks her nipple and
  she closes her eyes and starts to drift in and out. Now this guy is married
  (so is my mom!!!). I know because I was in one of his classes and he was considered
  a lecherous but ultimately harmless fool. I don't see his wife around, but
  under any set of circumstances, this behavior is unacceptable! I'm probably
  sounding a little prudish, but this man who is not  my
  father is playing with my mother's nipple in public and she's enjoying it.
  I think I'll go over there and casually bump into them.  
What the &hellip;? He's slipping his other hand under her skirt. The fucker!
  I'm definitely going over there right now. This has been going on way too long,
  I'd better step in, but as I get close I notice she is panting and starting
  to move her hips almost imperceptibly against his hand. Well, I can see it
  from all the way over here and I know what this means. Now, I'm transfixed.
  How is this going to play out? Oh my god! &hellip; she's got one hand on his
  chest for balance and is bending to her side to remove those sexy little panties
  she's wearing. Please somebody tell me this is not really happening.  
I wish to god this were not my mother I'm watching. I'm trying hard to pretend
  this is someone else, because I'm not stopping it but I can't seem to keep
  from watching it either, and this is starting to get me &hellip; well &hellip; a
  little excited. She gets backed into a corner, against the rough-cut stones
  of the old faculty building, causing me to have to scramble to catch up. Then
  the mutha fucker (literally!) puts his fingers into my mom's shaved wet pussy.
  Shaved? Wet? Look, this just cannot be! Shaved pussies are for hot nasty sex.
  Shaved pussies are for men (and women) to feast on. Shaved pussies means lots
  of wet pussy juice and cocks and cum and toys and all that. I'm talking about
  my mom here! I think I'm going to have a heart attack.  
But somehow I find my own fingers drifting south. I'm pretty well hidden,
  so I start to pull my own panties down when &hellip; BAM! &hellip; my father,
  a big powerful man, appears out of nowhere and slaps the guilty professor up
  side of his pointy little head. Oh no, here it comes, things are going to get
  ugly fast. Dad, grabs them both and pulls them out to the garden area, swooping
  up my mom's soaked panties on the fly.  
I realize how drunk my mom is because she can't seem to stand or walk or
  run, so she is being dragged. The professor is scared out of his foolish mind
  but is managing to stumble along, with what I now see, is his dick hanging
  out of his pants. I go running, trying to stay hidden, but still not miss any
  of this. My dad pushes them both down hard, on the wet lawn behind some hedges.
  He says something I can't quite hear, but he definitely is smoldering. He pulls
  them back up and places them back to back and somehow ties both sets of hands
  together with his belt. Mom's starting to cry so he stuffs her sobbing mouth
  with those wet panties she had just pulled down for another man. And he walks
  away &hellip; what the &hellip;? They seem too damned scared to even breathe,
  much less run away.  
In a few short minutes Dad is back with rope, undoubtedly from that coil
  he always seems to have in his trunk. He opens a big pocket knife and everyone's
  eyes get big, including mine. What's he planning on cutting off with that?
  To the professor's relief, he cuts off a half dozen good size pieces or rope
  and begins to tie them up, separately this time, then faces them in the direction
  of their indiscretion. Then more menacing looks and muffled orders and Dad
  stomps away. He's gone a long time.  
I'm waiting in the bushes, crouched down, kind of sitting back on my heels.
  I'm not feeling sexy anymore or anything, but this position has caused my tight
  little skirt to ride way up and the cool air makes me realize I had successfully
  gotten my panties down and must have lost them in the mad dash for cover. I'm
  almost completely exposed as this mini doesn't really accommodate the position
  I'm in. But it's the least of my concerns. I stay still and quiet and much
  to my dismay, realize that watching my mom almost get fucked has made me wet.
  Jesus!  
After what seems like forever, I see my dad step out on the patio pouring
  on the charm with the cheating professor's cute-ass wife. Now mom's sexy, I
  have to admit, but so is this little babe. I know this woman, quite a flirt,
  also attracts men like flies, and loves to show it off. She's got that cheap
  red lipstick on, a tight short red dress wrapped around her hot little ass,
  and in general really looks like a whore. And she looks good &hellip;good like
  hot fuckable good. She appears drunk too. She doesn't have quite the tits mom
  does, but she is braless and is visibly excited by the look of her nipples.
  She's laughing and drinking and flirting like a little slut. I try to move
  closer to the action.  
She asks about the whereabouts of her husband and dad says he didn't look
  too well and went to lie down in a room off the reception area. She giggles
  and says he can't really drink and when he does, he can't perform. Well, isn't
  this an intimate thing to share with dad. The body language between these two
  is leading to some little slut-wife getting a good fucking, but this doesn't
  make sense, because &hellip; oh &hellip; I see. Dad's going to torture mom
  and the professor, because sitting over there behind the hedge they can see
  everything.  
Dad whispers and teases and somehow maneuvers this slut into making the first
  move, as I see her reaching for my dad's dick. Lord, can I really watch all
  this? My head hurts. Which is going to be worse, seeing my mom's pussy or my
  dad's cock? I look over and the professor appears to be in some serious pain.
  His sweet wife is not being accosted like my mom. She's going after some dick
  on her own, as soon as she thinks he's out of the picture. As she's rubbing
  Dad's dick through his pants, she slips her little straps off her shoulder
  and pulls down that clingy little red dress to show off her perky tits. Nice
  tits. Really nice. She shakes her tits at him and gets down on one knee as
  she slides that zipper down and snakes that cock out. It's already hard. I
  can hardly believe I'm continuing to watch this. It's a nice long, thick one
  and this slut is sucking it into her mouth, eager as can be. She's slurping
  and smacking and humming on his dick. She looks like she's really enjoying
  it, and she's really really good at it.  
What follows looks like a standard routine from a porn movie, which may be
  predictable, but hey, I'm not complaining. She blows him. He fucks her wet
  pussy from behind while she's moaning like some kind of hot dumb cunt. He fucks
  her hot little ass good and long, which really lights her up, then spins her
  around and cums in her mouth. She looks up smiling, shows him her cute little
  whore-mouth full of cum, swallows it all, then sticks out her tongue giggling
  like a school girl &hellip; well maybe like the school slut, but you get the
  picture. Wow! Powerful stuff. When dad's done with her, he sends her scurrying
  off looking for her heels and panties. The professor must be dying over there
  in the grass. Of course, going after my mom like that, he deserved every second
  of that show. But at least she's not dripping cum out of one of her holes for
  everyone to see, as she reenters the ballroom. Thank god for small favors.
  Dad goes over and kicks that asshole over on his side, leaving him tied up
  for the gardeners to trip over the next morning, then drags mom off to the
  car, pushes her in, slams the door and speeds away.  
When I get home, their car's in the driveway, lights are out, no one's around.
  When I finally go to bed I'm just able to hear some muffled cries and whimpering
  coming from their room above me. Sounds like someone's getting quite a whipping.
Chapter
    2 - Mom's Little Project  
The next day when I get back from visiting Jane I'm surprised to see mom
  in the garden slaving away at digging a trench, of all things. She's wearing
  a man's sleeveless t-shirt, the incredibly thin lightweight kind that are cut
  so low, and she's squeezed her ass into these white spandex hotpants. You can
  practically see right through them normally, but the heat and humidity and
  toil have soaked her with sweat, making them pretty damn transparent. There
  are a couple of students hanging around chatting with her, and she's smiling
  and being just as friendly as can be. But she looks way too sexy to be out
  in public. All I can see are tits and ass &hellip; and pussy! And that's my
  mom I'm talking about. I do not think this is at all appropriate around all
  these undergrads. I shoo them away.  
"Mom, what are you doing out here in the hot sun?"  
"Oh, your dad's making me garden," she laughs.  
"What!?! What are you talking about?"  
"I've got to dig these trenches for the new sprinkler system, one foot wide,
  one foot deep."  
I go right up to her face and say "Mom, what are you telling me &hellip; he's
  making you? When he could hire these starving students for next to nothing?"  
"Yes, dear, I made him mad and this is his way of punishing me," she says
  so matter-of-factly.  
"Mom, come inside!" I order.  
"No dear, I was told to work at this four hours a day and I'm not done yet.
  I'll be in soon. Go along now."  
"Mom, you're going to get heatstroke!"  
"I'm OK dear."  
I go in shaking my head and quickly make a picture of ice tea and take it
  out to her. Damn, more boys hanging around. I glare at them and they disperse.
  One minute later they are back. I sit down with her, pour her a large glass
  of tea and make her drink it. She's smiling and clearly enjoying the attention
  she's getting from these young boys. I mean, damn, her nipples are hard, and
  in that flimsy t-shirt, they are about to bust through. It's the first thing
  I noticed, well that and the major cleavage, and the lack of support. Doesn't
  she realize how damned sexy it is for a woman's big tits to sway beneath a
  loose top? I'm sure it has not escaped the attention of these slack-jawed teenagers
  constantly dropping by. I'm sure I saw one of them drooling.  
One other thing, she's on her knees with her shapely ass sticking out and
  that spandex is not hiding a thing. I can see every curve of her ass and pussy
  and it is so obvious that she has shaved that pussy smooth. It's almost as
  if she were out here gardening in the nude. What is she thinking? I comment
  on her clothes and suggest something more suitable and rugged, but she shrugs
  and says Dad picked out her outfit this morning and she must wear it. Damn. 
Chapter
    3 - All the Help You Could Want  
On Friday, the fifth day of this little project, it's hot as hades, and as
  I come home I see Mom standing in the front yard about 15 feet back from the
  sidewalk. She has her head back and is drinking straight from the garden hose
  attached to the front of their old bungalow. Water is spilling all over her
  chest and body. Her clothes are now plastered over her tits and ass, and are
  completely see-through &hellip; and now I notice she even has nipple rings
  on!!! What the &hellip;!?! She looks like a porn queen! Why can't she see this? &hellip; or
  maybe she does. In less than a week, the little lane in front of our house
  has changed from a little backwater path to become the main route by which
  all the males on campus get to their classes. The word got around.  
Guys are everywhere calling out in singsong: "Hello Misses Duras" &hellip; "Isn't
  it a nice day Misses Duras?" &hellip; "You sure look great today Misses Duras" &hellip; "Do
  you need any help today Misses Duras?"  
Such courteous, pleasant young men, so nice and polite &hellip; and such
  fucking horny disingenuous ass-holes!!! That's my mom they're lusting after.
  They don't want to talk about the weather. They don't want to help in the garden.
  They want to get very deep into her little hotpants! And she is just glowing,
  smiling and waving, arching her back. Damn these boys. Good thing that little
  picket fence is separating her from all those hardons.  
"Mom, get inside! You can NOT wear this outfit, soaked with water, out here
  where everyone can see you! You just cannot do it!!!" scolding her like a child.  
"But honey, I'm really not done &hellip; I have to finish," she replies with
  a touch of anxiety.  
She looks almost delirious from the heat. Has she lost her mind? I drag her
  inside. I will not hear another word. As I slam the door I hear what sounds
  like a collective groan from the gawkers.  
"Mom, what the hell is going on. Why are you on display out in the yard?"  
"I told you dear, I'm being punished for one week for making your father
  mad."  
"I don't care what you did, this is ridiculous. I suppose he made you wear
  those &hellip; uh &hellip; those &hellip; uh &hellip;mom!!! &hellip; what the
  hell are you doing with nipple rings on!?! How long have you had those? What's
  going on here? I want some answers!" feeling very much like I am the mom here.  
"Dear, your father always punishes me when I'm bad. He always has. And I
  always love him," she explains like a perfect, understanding (and totally subservient!)
  wife would.  
"What? You love him for always punishing you? &hellip; or you always love
  him? What did you do to deserve this?" Of course I knew the answer. I don't
  really know why I asked. Did I expect her to tell me about the panties, and
  her almost giving up her pussy at a faculty party, and all that? And what about
  those rings? I vowed to find some answers before I returned to school.  
I've got to get her cooled off. I help her out of her wet clothes, dry her
  off (trying not to, you know, touch her too much), and lay her down on the
  couch covering her with a light cotton throw. After turning on the fan and
  placing a cold compress over her eyes, I order her to rest. I sit by her side
  holding her hand encouraging her to drift off.  
"But I have to be outside dear," she says with some worry.  
"No you don't mom, rest now. I'll deal with dad if he comes home early."  
When she finally does doze off, I look at her lying so peacefully, and really
  start to take in how beautiful she is: nice thick wavy black hair, such a sweet
  hint of a smile, her full sexy tits, her curves. My mind seems to be going
  on a little vacation as the awareness of her being my mother starts slipping
  away. Soon, all I can think about is the way she looked out there, her big
  nipples poking through, her smooth pussy so clearly visible through the spandex.
  Nipples, nice flat tummy, pussy &hellip; nipples, tummy, pussy &hellip; I seem
  to be silently chanting this to myself. How does she do it? How does she keep
  in such nice shape?  
I start to feel a throbbing in my pussy, and its urgency is rising fast.
  I test and she's asleep. I need to deal with this. How, where, and with what?
  I remember stumbling onto mom's toys one day when snooping around their bedroom.
  She has some nice ones right in her bedside table for anyone to find. Guess
  she's not too inhibited about it. I start thinking about the big one, a nice
  fake dick, veins bulging, big head, everything a girl needs. And I start getting
  wetter and wetter. I know dad's not due home for another whole hour. 
Chapter
    4 - Mom's Toy  
I formulate a plan, run upstairs, get my (mom's) prize, and hurry back downstairs
  into the bathroom attached to my room. I strip off my shorts and panties and
  get down on my knees in front of the full length mirror. I look at myself in
  the eyes and all I see is lust. A finger quickly dips into my already wet pussy
  and I start rubbing. I am wet and hot and this feels so good. But something's
  not right. OK, so I try ripping off my t-shirt and stare at my big tits as
  I'm pinching the nipples. They get so big and hard! Oh god, this feels good.
  I love my tits and I find myself starting to see my mother's in my head. Well,
  I see where I got mine from. They look just like hers. Hers looked so hot today,
  wet and everything. Damn, all those boys lusting after my mom. I can see why.  
So, I'm dipping three fingers now and start to ride my hand, but I need more.
  Oh yes, that dick, I need that inside me. I grab it and slowly sit on it. Oh
  god, that's good. I'm going to fuck this dick. I'm going to ride this thing
  for the rest of the afternoon. After a while, I still haven't cum. Something
  is just not right. I'm so distracted by visions of my mom in spandex. God,
  she looked so hot.  
If only it was Jane in there on that couch waiting to be ravished. I start
  imagining mom's body with Jane's face and what I would do to her. I get a little
  higher off this fantasy, but I still can't cum. What is wrong? What is it that
  I need? I go back to what got me up here fucking myself in the first place.
  I was staring at mom's pussy. Her beautiful sexy pussy so visible under that
  spandex. What was it about that? She was so smooth! I have never seen a smooth
  pussy before and I've certainly never had one. It is so hot. I want her smooth
  pussy. But this is just NOT going to happen. This is not possible. She's my
  mom. I cannot have her pussy. This is starting me make me crazy.  
But what can I do? Then the little light bulb goes off in my head. Duh &hellip; dummy,
  shave your own. That's so simple. I should be able to do that. I want to do
  that! I get up trembling at the thought, get the razor and cream, spread my
  legs as wide as possible and slowly, carefully shave off my nice bush. I turn
  around to the mirror and, oh my god, it's so beautiful! Those pussy lips &hellip; wow!
  My fingers run all over my smooth pussy, exploring every new sensation, especially
  those exposed lips. I've never really seen them, not like this anyway. God,
  this is so hot! And I'm getting so wet my fingers slosh around in there. Everything
  starts to click: one hand on my tits, the other working my pussy. I think I'm
  going to get off now. Ohhhh, nice! &hellip; but I still can't. Dammit! What
  the hell do I need? What if I had Jane here with me? Oh, that would be very
  nice.  
Why isn't this working? Then it hits me. I do need to be fucked. But that
  rubber dick would get in the way of exploring my new pussy. I'm hot as hell
  and my thinking is terribly clouded as I reach this conclusion &hellip; I'm
  going to have to try my ass. But that toy is so big. I must be crazy. I don't
  fuck my ass or let anyone else near it. But I'm getting too frustrated and
  I'm about to burst. I'm going to have to try it, that's all there is to it.
  I'll pop the top off a bottle of lotion and drown that dick with it. Here's
  goes &hellip; oh my god! What the #*&amp;^%@*!!! am I doing to myself? Owwwww!
  Damn, I'm so stupid to try this, and crazy and horny &hellip; but I have to
  fuck my self. Why did I have to pick out such a big one? But that dick's going
  in my ass, one way or the other. One more time, I'm going to sit on it! Owwwww &hellip; then
  after it slips past the initial obstacle, it sinks in easily, being all lubed
  up and all. Oh man, this feels like a big fat DICK up my ass!!! But that dick,
  plus rubbing my clit and, at this point, digging my nails into my tits, is
  starting to add up to something good.  
Oh, if only my sweet Jane could see me now. What would she think of me? Would
  she think I'm a slut? &hellip; a crazy, perverted slut? Or, would she squeeze
  my big tits and stick her tongue in my mouth? Oh how I wish she were here right
  now. I concentrate on her tongue in my mouth and then it comes, a big, shocking
  cum that shakes me to my core. I fall forward, both hands between my legs and
  sort of bounce off the mirror onto the floor, moaning and muttering and blacking
  out. 
Chapter 5 - The View From the Closet  
The last night of my visit I run up and hide in my parent's closet after
  kissing them goodnight. I have heard noises upstairs every night and I just
  have to know. I should be able to see everything through the louvered doors.  
Their session starts with dad roughly stripping mom, leaving only her stockings
  and heels. He loosely ties her to a chair, fiddling with her tits, straddles
  the chair and says simply "you know the drill." She's not even resisting. With
  hands bound behind her she takes his semi-erect cock into her mouth, kisses,
  sucks and loves that beautiful cock. Mom's so good at this cock sucking. She
  could give lessons. God look at it get big and hard. That looks so good. I
  would love to have something like that in my mouth &hellip; hmmm, it's only
  a few feet away.  
He begins questioning her. "Why did you let all those men at the party look
  at your tits again?"  
"You already know the answer dear &hellip; because I like to, it makes me
  feel beautiful and desirable." Dad takes the crop in his hand and gives her
  tits a good whacking. Mom jerks violently, then recovers and is serene and
  even seems to be smiling ever so slightly. Then she has to thank him each time
  for the punishment!?!  
Mom looks so damned hot, stripped like a fucking bitch, hands and feet bound
  to the chair, legs spread, tits tied at their base making them stick out and
  turn an obscene color, nipple rings chained together. And then to get her tits
  whipped like that! Oh my god! I think I'm going to have a melt down. After
  awhile her big tits are streaked with red, and those already gorgeous nipples
  are so long and hard, it makes me want to shout! I bite my lip instead.  
If only I could have something like that in my mouth. I would suck those
  big hot &hellip; jeez, what am I saying? I'm looking at my mom's big tits and
  saying this? She really is enjoying this tit whipping though. I think I would
  too! &hellip; to have my tits tied so tight like that, and then get all that
  attention. Boy, would that make me feel special. And those long, hard, pierced
  nipples &hellip; they look incredible with those big holes in them and nipple
  rings in place. Ohhhh I want my big nipples pierced too! I wanna be just like
  my hot mom.  
I wonder if Jane would like my tits with big gold nipple rings hanging off
  them. I bet she would. I'd wear a chain for her too, and maybe even heavy weights
  if she wanted to hurt my tits like that. Oh, I'd be soooo bad. I would be such
  a slut if she let me &hellip; her hot little cunt. One of these days maybe.
  Hearing mom moan and thinking about Jane is making me so wet, hiding in the
  closet, with my skirt up, panties down, and my fingers already deep in my juicy
  pussy.  
"How could you let that professor, and one of your daughter's professors
  at that, get his fingers in your wet cunt?" dad demanded.  
As she looks up with those pure innocent eyes, "because it feels so good
  sweetheart. You know how I like men putting their fingers in my holes. Do you
  think that makes me a slut dear?"  
Dad evidently decides to answer with his whip, as he rears way back and strikes
  her exposed defenseless cunt. Mom screams and lurches forward. She looks like
  she has passed out. After a moment Dad tilts her head up by placing the whip
  handle under her chin.  

He inquires one more time about her being a slut and starts another stroke
  when I fall out of closet yelling "STOP!" to protect mom's totally vulnerable
  pussy. I trip, crashing into the room, my panties wrapped around my angles &hellip; it's
  soooo obvious where my wet fingers have been. And they are like totally nonchalant
  about it.  
Dad says "Hi sweetheart , were you enjoying yourself in there? Would you
  like to stay and watch?"  
What the &hellip;? Is this just a game to them!?! Did they know the whole
  time? Mom, looking at my fingers says "It's OK if you play with your pussy
  dear. I do that all the time."  
This freaks me out &ndash; totally, but my mission is to protect mom from
  another cruel hit. I scramble over on my knees, using my hands to cover her
  cunt. My fingers start slipping and I realize she's wet from this treatment.
  While I'm begging dad to stop whipping her, I find my fingers have slipped
  inside her. I apologize profusely to mom, but get mesmerized and can't seem
  to stop. My eyes glaze over. I tell mom her pussy is really beautiful and smooth
  and feels really good on my fingers.  
She thanks me. "Go ahead and play dear."  
"Oh thank you mom," I gush.  
She says she doesn't get too many women playing with her pussy, they're usually
  too angry that their men are getting some.  
"What? &hellip; their men are getting what!?!" The image I've always had
  of my parents' traditional and conservative home life has been crumbling all
  week. With this latest shock it explodes. Where was I when all this was happening?  
Dad says "Tell her dammit &hellip; the whole story!"  
She starts enumerating all the times she let other men and schoolboys cum
  in her pussy and explains that's why punishment is often necessary.  
"God mom! &hellip; you let them cum in your pussy?" I feel weak.  
"Well yes dear, or wherever they want."  
Dad's doing a slow burn. "Tell her everything dammit!"  
Right then and there, with my fingers in her cunt, she says she's been doing
  this for years, since she was a young wife on campus and dad worked so much.
  She tells me she lets men use her any way they like, that she gets fucked by
  lots of different men, has taken it up the ass over and over, and with an extra
  dose of enthusiasm, she tells me she loves swallowing other men's hot creamy
  cum.  
This is going to kill me. I know it will. I just know it.  
"But don't worry dear, while you were living at home, I never allowed them
  to post photos of my face on the Internet." She says this in the most innocent
  way imaginable.  
This is yet another shot to my heart. "Oh great mom, I guess that makes it
  O.K. then, huh?"  
She also says she likes to suck a lot of cocks but as much as she likes cum,
  she only swallows for very special boys, because that can get out of hand very
  easily.  
"Oh really?" I respond caustically.  
"Oh yes dear, because when you swallow, men think they own you, then they're
  wanting it in parking lots, allies, in the car &hellip; just about everywhere.
  Didn't you know that dear?"  
"Uh, no mom. I've never had that situation come up before," with as much
  sarcasm as I could muster in my weakened condition.  
"Mom, how could you?" sounding as exasperated as humanly possible.  
"Well dear, some of these college boys are so very far from home, and these
  professors &hellip; well, they tell me their wives won't put out, and they
  plead so. How can I refuse them?"  
"Jesus Mom!!! Please tell me you don't actually believe what men say to you
  when they want pussy!!!"  
She looks at me with such childlike innocence, "Well yes dear, why not? They
  seem so sincere."  
Damn, what can I say to that? I quickly decide that there is no way I can
  possibly educate her about men, not in the next few minutes anyway. She is
  so trusting &hellip; such a child. It becomes so clear to me that I inherited
  dad's brains and mom's tits, otherwise there would have been no medical school
  for dear little Katrina.  
She says all this talk and my fingers are making her hot, she begs me to
  help her cum, looking up at dad with pleading eyes.  
"Aren't you allowed too?" feeling my irritation rising again.  
"Of course I am dear, with permission," she says with increasing urgency.  
"Daaad, let her cum!!!" He hesitates too damned long. "Screw you I'm going
  to get her off," as I work that wet pussy with my fingers. Finally I can't
  help it and tell her these stories are making me crazy too, and I confess that
  I have been staring at her hot smooth pussy for days and that I have to taste
  that gorgeous pussy of hers, right here, right now!  
"Please mom, can I pleeeeze, can I please have some of that nice wet pussy
  of yours?" wanting her so bad, I clearly am begging for it.  
"Of course dear, help yourself. You can have as much pussy as you want, anytime
  dear."  
"Oh god." As I swoon into my mom's sweet pussy, I sink three fingers deep
  into mine.  
Mom and I have our fun, then I have to answer for it. Dad pulls me down over
  his knees and starts my punishment for breaking his rules. My rudeness does
  not go overlooked either. He pins me easily, with his left forearm simultaneously
  pressing against my lower back, while keeping both my hands from guarding my
  ass. I feel his full strength as he wails away at my exposed defenseless bottom.
  I go through all the various stages of shock, resistance, anger, cursing, kicking,
  flailing, babbling incoherently, crying uncontrollably, begging forgiveness,
  and finally, much to my total dismay, I hear gratitude coming out of my mouth
  for the corrective lesson. God, am I going to turn out to be a totally submissive
  slut like mom?  
As painful as that was, my entire lower half, is suffused with a warm
    glow. I have to wonder what dad was feeling also, with his all-grownup daughter
    wiggling around on his lap, ass up, pussy freshly shaven, hot and wet. Well
    actually, I do know one thing without a doubt - that was his big hard cock
    I felt pressing into my side. I don't have to wonder about the rest for long,
    because as I slowly shuffle out to the door, rubbing my burning ass, I hear
    mewing and gurgling coming from my mom. As I turn, I see my dad's cock spasm
    repeatedly, buried deep in mom's throat, her head held steady by his big
    hands. All I can think is 'wow, that looks amazing &hellip; bet mom's going
    to have a full tummy.' 
Chapter 6 - My Sweet Jane  
I tossed and turned after returning to my room, stewing about Jane, knowing
  this would be the last night I could possibly see her before returning to school.
  I decided right then and there that I've got to settle things with her.  
 I quickly dress and head over to her dorm a little past midnight.  
Knocking, "Jane, it's Katrina, please let me in!"  
"Huh, what?" She throws on a robe and opens the door.  
I step inside and she immediately sees the hunger in my eyes. She looks a
  little scared and steps back. I get in her face and rip open that robe &hellip; perfect.
  The sexy little bitch has nothing on but the tiniest panties, the ones I bought
  for her, the ones I always loved her little ass in.  
She gasps and starts to slap me, "you bitch, how dare you!"  
I block her slap midway with one hand, then return it with the other, hard.
  She falls back stunned, but I hang onto her wrist, twisting it around her back,
  spinning her around. Now with my mouth up to her ear I whisper "we've got something
  to settle before I go back to school, don't we? We've been doing this little
  dance all week, not dealing with what's really going on between us &hellip;&iquest;comprende
  girlfriend?"  
"No, I have no idea what you're talking about," she tries to say in her best
  ice princess voice, sounding much more concerned than confident.  
"No?" as I twist her arm harder until she doubles over. I easily maneuver
  her over my lap. "What did we agree on the day I left for med school?"  
"I &hellip; uh &hellip; forgot," with some real fear now.  
 "Well, maybe this will help." And I start in on her cute little ass, spanking
  until my hand was about to fall off, Jane screaming and bucking and cursing
  the whole time. "Still can't remember sweetheart?"  
 "Fuck you!!! Stop hurting me! I don't owe you anything!"  
I grab her slipper, pull down those cute little panties and really give it
  to her. She quickly becomes hysterical, choking with big heaving sobs. Stopping
  the punishment, I rub her cute little ass to help her settle down. It doesn't
  take much of this before soft moans start to escape her sweet little mouth.
  I let my hand slip between those thighs and it comes up soaked. The lying bitch
  was on fire. I rubbed some of that pussy juice all over her face and said "my
  my, somebody's enjoying this."  
She cried out "you sick bitch, keep your nasty fingers out of me!"  
"Come on Jane, you are soooo wet, you surely must like being handled like
  this. Here taste some of this sweetheart," she is thrashing and protesting
  but it isn't long at all until I feel her succulent mouth working on my fingers.  
Please stop &hellip; uh &hellip; no &hellip; don't do this to me &hellip; uh &hellip; I
  mean &hellip; uh &hellip; you shouldn't be doing this &hellip; hmmm &hellip;." It
  is, of course, hard to take her protestations too seriously while she's doing
  such a good job of cleaning my fingers.  
Finally she broke down and admitted, "I'm sorry I lied. I know what happened,
  I'll say it."  
"Tell me."  
 "I was supposed to keep in touch when you went to grad school."  
 "Yes, and &hellip; go on," I coaxed.  
"And I didn't," she said tearfully, being far too succinct for me.  
 "Come on Jane!, tell me, what happened that last night we were together!"  
Crying freely now, "Oh Katrina .. we were lovers."  
I soften a little and relax her arm, while reaching around to pull her close
  to me, I kiss the side of her face "Yes, go on Jane, what happened that night?"  
With tears flowing, she managed to say, "We were lovers, and you made me
  cum, and we held each other and kissed and told each other we would be lovers
  forever, and that I would call or write every day while you were away at school,
  and that we would be together forever after you became a doctor, and &hellip;"  
Touching her perfect little ass and pussy was really getting to me. I was
  probably as wet as she was at this point. God, I used to love her little ass.
  It's been so long. I could so easily stop right now and make love to her.  
 "Katrina, I'm so sorry &hellip; it's been two years," she wailed.  
"Yes, my dear sweet Jane, two long lonely years for me, crying my heart out
  every night those first few months, trying to come to terms with losing my
  one true love after only finding her. I've had a dull ache in my heart ever
  since, not knowing what happened, not knowing if you ever really loved me."  
"I don't see how you will be able to live with yourself unless you pay a
  price for hurting me," I scolded as I dumped the goody bag I brought on the
  bed and contemplated my next move.  
I had lots of options from the toys I found in my mom's closet. First I used
  the cuffs, since I had her arms behind her already. I jerked her off my lap
  and upright on the bed &hellip; she couldn't have been more surprised at this
  treatment, just as we were about to reconnect as lovers  
I tied her legs together at the knees very quickly so I could attach the
  ankle restraints without her getting up and running off somewhere. Then untying
  her knees, I clipped this retractable spreader bar (gee, mom sure has some
  cool toys) to D-rings in the ankle cuffs. I spread out a selection of small
  crops and whips and said plainly, "choose."  
 Starting to panic, "Wha &hellip;!?! You're not going to hurt me again are
  you?"  
"Choose Jane." Well, she couldn't. How could she? She had never experienced
  any of these so how could she choose the lesser of the evils. I chose for her,
  and without any experience of my own to go on, I decided on a little lightweight
  flexible crop. It looked like the best thing for whipping her milky white tits.  
'She's got no idea,' I thought. I remembered how hot my mom looked with her
  tits tied, chained and whipped, and basically that's what I was fantasizing
  about. That had made me so wet. I grabbed a couple of sturdy rubber bands from
  the bag to apply to the base of her little titties, tweaked her nipples to
  get them nice and hard, then used ordinary old-fashioned wooden clothespins
  to top off my little project. They certainly looked painful and elicited an
  impressive gasp. I would have preferred nipple rings chained together like
  mom, now that was hot. Who knows, maybe when I get her out to California.  
"Aaiiiiieee !!!" &hellip; she screamed so loud when I tested the crop on
  her tummy that I had to immediately gag her. The ring gag looked like fun and
  it would be useful for the next thing I had planned, plus she drooled like
  crazy having her mouth forced open like that. Her tits were wet in no time.
  Damn, my sweet baby looked sexy.  
Whipping her tits was a lot of fun, as I knew it would be. I started slowly,
  watching each little quiver and shudder as I teased her with gentle strokes.
  The first serious strike sent the nipple clips flying and caused her to struggle
  violently. All she was managing to do though was to rub her skin raw against
  the restraints. Her mumbling and spitting through the gag was kind of fascinating
  though. The really fun part was putting the clips on, whipping them off, putting
  them back on, again and again. This made her furious and hard to control, but
  hey, at least I was enjoying myself.  
I whispered that I still loved her, but with mock concern, told her this
  was necessary so we could get on with our lives. I grabbed her spreader bar
  and pulled it up as hard as I could. This sent her flying back onto the bed,
  legs spread obscenely, hands cuffed behind her back, about as helpless as could
  be. I took a particularly evil looking riding crop and raised it high, obvious
  to both of us, where it was going to land. The look of fear on her face was
  priceless.  
I held the crop in position, ripped off her gag, and began the questioning
  again, keeping it simple. "What happened after I left Jane?"  
Now sobbing uncontrollably she said "I got scared."  
 "Of what?" my patience running thin.  
 " &hellip; scared to tell my family or our friends." At this point she couldn't
  continue and broke down completely.  
I took pity and sat her up, removed the cuffs, turned her around and held
  her tenderly and kissed her face and crying eyes and her sweet mouth until
  she kissed me back. I paused for an instant to pull my t-shirt off so I could
  feel her breasts against mine as I laid her down on the bed. We cuddled and
  kissed and I started to feel my heart open up again.  
"My dear sweet Jane," I murmured, "what were you so afraid of?"  
Again, crying through it, she said "Katrina, I was &hellip; I mean, I couldn't
  face the &hellip; uh, I was worried that &hellip;"  
 "Yes Jane?"  
"Oh Katrina, I didn't want to be a lesbian. I couldn't face everyone as a
  lesbian. What would my parents think? &hellip; and everybody else, and &hellip;?"  
I pet and kiss her until she starts to settle down. I start to realize that
  reasoning with her was not going to do it, so I said "There, there my dear
  sweet Jane. You know I love you still don't you?"  
"Yes, I could feel it all week," she sobbed.  
 "And you love me?"  
 "Oh Katrina, of course I still love you, more than anything. I am so ashamed."  
Oh that sweet girl I fell in love with was back and I had to have her. But
  first I had to make her mine, make her commit to me. Then we could live happily
  ever after.  
I remove that pesky bar, finish pulling off her little panties, push her
  down on her back and settle in for a long night of pussy. I nuzzle against
  her silky hair, talking softly and sweetly while petting that delicate flower
  between her legs. First one, then two, eventually three of my fingers sink
  into her wet hole causing her to arch and squirm and adjust to the intrusion.
  I allow her plenty of time for her breathing to return somewhat to normal between
  each additional finger. It's nice to have three inserted. You can really wiggle
  them around and explore. And, I loved watching her face as I took her higher
  and higher. I really wanted her to expand, so I took my time and stayed with
  three, moving them in such a way as to open her up. When I felt her hole stretch
  enough I would slip in another. Her mouth, eyes and breath all signaled the
  same thing &hellip; she was climbing towards a major orgasm. So I decided to
stop and let her stew a bit.  
"Katrina, please, what are you doing, what are you going to do with me? I &hellip; I &hellip; am &hellip; I &hellip; uh &hellip; need
  you to &hellip; please, Katrina, don't stop, don't leave me like this &hellip;"  
 "Oh my dear sweet Jane, what do you mean? What do you need? I thought you
  didn't want to be a lesbian."  
"Ohhhh, pleeeze don't play with me like this! I love you, I need you! You
  can't leave me like &hellip;"  
 OK, this seems like a pretty good time, I'll fold in my thumb and slip the
  rest of my hand into that hot little cunt of hers.  
"Ohmygawd!!! Katrina!!! Please! Nooooo! What &hellip; are &hellip; you &hellip; doing &hellip; to &hellip; my &hellip; delicate &hellip;?
  You're &hellip; going &hellip; to &hellip;"  
 "Whassamatter my sweet Jane? You like? Or is this too dykey for your little
  parochial sensibilities?" This really is big fun, I can open my fingers and
  move around or rotate my hand a bit, and for every little bitty thing I do,
  I get a major response from my lovely Jane. About a quarter turn of rotation
  with my balled up fist, and Jane lunges forward and grabs my forearm with both
  hands (my wrist was already buried).  
 "Please Katrina! Wha &hellip; what are you doing to me? Please, I don't
  want to &hellip;"  
 "Oh hush sweetheart," as I calmly continue to rotate around in that sopping
  pussy. My dear lover looks like she's about to die. She's starting to rock
  back and forth and her eyes are rolling up into her head.  
"Hmmm," is about all that's coming out of that lovely mouth at the moment,
  like she's lost in a trance or something.  
"Hey Jane, what were you saying about being a lesbian?"  
"Huh? Wha &hellip;? lesbian? &hellip; I guess &hellip; uh &hellip; lesbian
  is OK &hellip; yes it's OK &hellip; please stop asking me questions &hellip; I
  can't &hellip; think &hellip; very &hellip; well &hellip; Oh please Katrina,
  I have to cum &hellip; please make me cum &hellip; "  
"Well I suppose if I was making love to my lesbian girlfriend &hellip; oops,
  I mean, fist-fucking my lesbian bitch, I could make her cum. Oh yes Jane, I
  think that could be easily done."  
"Unnnngh &hellip; please &hellip;"  
"Please what, dear Jane?"  
 "Pleeeze &hellip; don't make me say it, just please, do it!"  
My poor dear Jane. She's almost hysterical and crying freely. "Don't make
  you say what sweetheart? I don't know what you're talking about dear."  
 "Dammit Katrina, please, whatever you want me to be, I'll be, just do me!"  
"Do me? Do me? Whatever do you mean my dear girl?" This really is fun.  
"You know dammit, stop teasing me! Fuck me, you bitch! Make me cum! I'll
  be your lesbian &hellip; your lesbian bitch, if you want. I'll tell everyone.
  I'll live with you as your bitch but please make me cum!"  
 "OK sweetheart, if that's what you really really want." So I start fucking
  her with my fist, gently pushing/pulling, in/out a few inches at a time, but
  this must feel HUGE inside her. And she cums BIG! It looks like her lights
  go out, and she doubles over in a fetal position, her hands holding on for
  dear life to that arm that is the center of her world. Hmmm, yes she's mine &hellip; all
  mine.  
A few hours later I'm on my way back to school, leaving Jane far behind for
  now, just another quarter or two. As I curl up in my window seat, snuggling
  into my blanket and pillow, with the dull roar of the engines making me drowsy,
  the events of the past week roll around in my head, and I think 'this really
  has been the best Spring Break ever.'  
The end.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subterfuge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





