BDSM Library - The Adventures of Dr. Katrina Duras: Episode II - Her True Nature




The Adventures of Dr. Katrina Duras: Episode II - Her True Nature
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Katrina hangs out at the wrong bar with her lover, upsets the locals, and is soon taught her true nature.Author's note: Katrina is just starting her career. The significance of her
  psychiatric training and practice will grow in subsequent episodes. Episode
  I, although interesting (of course I would say that), is not necessary to enjoy
  this story. Episode II stands alone, just fine. I'm new at this, so if you
  have any writing advice/suggestions, I would welcome an email with specifics.  
 
    
The Adventures of Dr Katrina Duras: Episode II &ndash; Her True
      Nature   
Continued &hellip;   
Picking up from The Adventures of Dr Katrina Duras &ndash; Episode
      I: Spring Break.    
Jane had finally moved out to the Northern California to live with Katrina,
  her college roommate. She had vowed to live with Katrina, openly as gay lovers,
  and not hide their relationship any more. Katrina has recently finished medical
  school and was now a practicing intern at the University's Psychiatric clinic.  
Chapter One    
It has been such a release to get out of the valley where Jane and I have
  to be so discreet, and come up to city where we can be more demonstrative lovers.
  There is this women's bar we've been visiting, nondescript from the outside
  and not much better inside. You could call it a dive I suppose. It looked like
  a saloon more than anything else. Had it had those sawed-off swinging doors,
  I would have half expected the Marshall to come busting through. Instead a
  double deadbolt combined with an industrial strength security latch on the
  substantial metal door kept the world at bay.  
This was a beer drinking crowd. The wine by the glass they served up &hellip; well,
  you wouldn't want it. The focal piece in the room was a long old fashioned
  polished wood bar, stools in front as is typical, and backed by a huge mirror
  with wooden pegs overhead to hold the mugs. Beer bottles of every imaginable
  type lined the base of the mirror. Wooden tables and chairs strewn all over
  the main floor filled out the rest of the room. The lighting was bleak, but
  that was really for the best. I could look past the d&eacute;cor however. I
  chose this place so I could be with Jane and kind of show her off, show everyone
  what a beautiful lover I have. It also gave me the opportunity to practice
  being dominant in a bigger setting than the confines of our apartment.  
It was great fun to dress Jane up and take her out. Usually I put her in
  a short tight skirt, flimsy little see-thru blouse, nicely unbuttoned, no bra
  of course, not for her little titties, and stockings and heels. Get the picture?
  Her petite body, long fine blond hair and pretty face were perfect for dress-up.
  She is so girlie and such a contrast to me with my dark hair, olive skin, full
  breasts, abundant curves, and the detached aloof demeanor that I am so trying
  to perfect that typifies my stuffy profession. I would usually wear a fashionably
  tailored suit, with a skirt cut just above the knees. I wanted to make a point
  of our relative status. When we would arrive I would sit her down on a bar
  stool, stand next to her, pour beer down her throat all night straight from
  a long neck bottle, lean over and kiss and fondle her as much as I pleased.  
Whenever I went to the little girls' room, I would invariably come back to
  find someone trying to hit on her. At least that's the way I saw it. Maybe
  they were just trying to be friendly and make her feel welcome. But in my mind,
  the bar was full of lesbians and Jane was a real prize. I exulted in the act
  of returning to claim her as mine. I would use various strategies. I would
  walk over and casually squeeze her ass, or I would wrap my arm around her waist
  and fondle her little titties. Sometimes I would walk up, use both hands to
  tilt her head back and start french-kissing her. I was such a show-off. Sometimes
  I would scowl at the lecherous woman that was after my girl, say something
  rude or whatever. I wasn't making too many friends there, but I was having
  some big-time fun, misdirected as it was.  
There was this tall striking woman, Karen, who sometimes tended bar when
  we were there. I had noticed her again and again &hellip; hmmm, a real beauty
  with such prominent features and that auburn hair tied in a loose ponytail
  that gently rested between her shoulder blades. I so much wanted to touch that
  gorgeous hair of hers. Really, there were times when I could not keep my eyes
  off her, stealing glances all night, trying to avoid her eyes.  
The times she did catch me staring, the bravado would instantly drain from
  my body. She made me feel weak and small and soft. It's like she could see
  right through the facade and suddenly I was a little girl again &hellip; as
  if Karen had discovered, with a single look, what I was all about. I would
  try to shake it off but nevertheless it was so disconcerting that the best
  I could do seemed to be to avoid her gaze altogether. How can this be? I mean,
  jeez, she's a barmaid for crying out loud &hellip; and I'm a doctor, incredibly
  well educated, cultured, accomplished, well traveled, blah, blah, blah. How
  can I be so easily intimidated by a barmaid?  
 In my most secret thoughts I found myself wondering what it would be like
  to worship her superb body. But that was so confusing to me, as I was certain
  I was her equal, if not more. After all, I was holding my own in a very demanding
  and respected profession, and here she was in this funky bar. And being the
  dominant one in my relationship with Jane &hellip; well I just couldn't figure
  it out, but I worked hard to suppress these feelings so I could play my little
  game with Jane and really enjoy myself while here.  
One night, I guess I finally went too far, or the women there were just plain
  tired of my nonsense. I had just insulted a regular and embarrassed Jane badly.
  Karen, having witnessing this latest episode of my little act, stomped over,
  grabbed both my shoulders from behind, spun me around and slapped me ... hard!
  Hard enough to knock me down if the bar hadn't been behind me. I stumbled back,
  shaken, stunned and speechless.  
"Listen you dumb arrogant bitch! You come in with this beautiful sensitive
  girl, strutting around like you own her or something, trying to entice us.
  This is a women's bar and you don't seem to know diddly-squat about women.
  You probably know less about women than most men, and that really is pathetic!
  Where are you from anyway? Do you only come here to play with this little girl
  and show your ass?"  
As Karen shouted me down, some of the others grabbed me, and on her signal,
  started stripping me. I was literally in shock. Had they planned this? Three
  of them worked me over, fast and furious. My beautiful jacket lay crumbled
  on the floor, getting stomped on in the process, a clear imprint from a dirty
  vibram sole across the back. My fine blouse ripped off, buttons flying, and
  my skirt tossed away like a rag. Strange time for my life to flash before my
  eyes, but looking down at my jacket, I saw myself standing in front of the
  mirror that day at Nordstrom's, when I had bought that suit for my graduation,
  admiring the way it made me look all grownup and professional.  
"Let's see, maybe you are  a man. That would give you
  a good excuse for how badly you've been treating this child. And it would explain
  that laughable swagger you've been strutting around here with. Ladies, I think
  we should investigate."  
This was met with hoots and derisive comments, pandemonium all around. Moving
  quickly and decisively Karen grabbed a waiter's corkscrew from the bar, opened
  the blade and cut the band between my bra cups &hellip; my favorite frilly
  little bra that I reserved for 'date' nights. My heavy tits just fell out &hellip; much
  cheering and catcalls.  
"Hmmm, so good, so far." Karen tossed the knife back on the bar and started
  to fondle my tits like they were there for her entertainment. "Nice, very nice."  
I'm thinking, 'Gee, so glad you like them,' but really I didn't give a fuck
  what she thought, I just wanted to get the hell away from her and the rest
  of these loonies. I twisted and struggled with every ounce of my strength,
  but by then lots of hands had managed to find me.  
"Hey, she's been showing her ass around here for weeks, maybe she wants to
  show us more. Who's up for a closer look?" As if on cue, a woman behind me
  pulled my little satin panties down around my ankles. A laugh riot broke out.
  And of course, the bitch could not resist another opportunity for a comment,
  so she peeks around my back and squeezes my ass. "Hmmmm, I like!"  
Just as she was about to start the next phase of this ridiculous diatribe,
  she grabs my shoulder and steps in close, so no one could see what she was
  doing, then starts rubbing her other hand all over my pussy. If she's trying
  to make me sweat and squirm, it is definitely working. She then begins to address
  the crowd. "Well ladies, I was wrong, it is a woman &hellip; one who doesn't
  know how to treat a girl properly. Should we teach her something about being
  a woman?" The whole bar erupted with a unison "Yea!" This really was starting
  to feel like a fucking mob.  
Panicky and winded from the struggle and still unable to find my voice, they
  strapped me down over the hard wooden seat of a bar stool, quickly tying my
  hands to the front legs and my feet to the back, leaving me helpless and totally
  exposed, my tits hanging out in front. Some kind of strap was slipped through
  the bottom of the stool, around my back, then pulled tight. And I'm thinking,
  was that really necessary? This is like a belt and suspenders thing. I already
  wasn't going anywhere tied to the legs of that stool. Again, strange time for
  strange thoughts. One more tug and I grunted as the breath was forced out of
  me. Maybe that was the point.  
Fighting to clear my head, I finally gathered my wits and screamed "Stop
  this immediately! Let me go! I'm not some little slut. I'm not one of you bitches!!!
  (duh, real smart Katrina &hellip; call them a bunch of bitches). I'm a professional.
  I'm a doctor for chrissakes! You can not  do this to me!
  I'll have you arres&hellip;." Smack! "Owww!"  
Karen started giving orders. "Somebody throw me her wallet." Some mean looking
  bitch swiped her arm across the bar sending glasses flying, spilling and breaking,
  then dumped my purse on top of that wet mess, quickly ransacking it. Karen
  rifled through my wallet. "Hmmmm. Dr. Katrina Duras, just as you say. What's
  this?" as she pulled out a business card, "a psychiatrist? You've got to be
  joking. You sick demented bitch! You're a shrink? &hellip; and you treat this
  precious girl like this? You are going to pay for this right now!"  
Karen crouched down and got up close and in my face. I whispered, desperately
  hoping Jane couldn't hear. "Please don't do this in front of my Jane," I begged. "Pleeeze!
  She can't see me like this. She can't see me weak. I'll do anything you say.
  Please have some pity on me." Not very damned likely.  
Karen's next move totally shocked me. She grabbed a fist full of hair, pulled
  my head back until my face was level with hers, then kissed me straight on
  the mouth, playing with me with her insistent probing tongue, while slowly
  tweaking my nipples. It completely took by breath away and I could feel my
  heart start to pump wildly. She was really getting to me. Then she whispered,
  her fingers still teasing, "you're going to beg me for it in front of this
  lovely girl of yours. I'm going to make you my bitch and show her that you
  are nothing special, nothing like the upper class princess you pretend to be.
  You don't deserve someone like her. I'm going to break you in front of all
  these women and your sweet girl."  
Karen stood, and taking a wide stance, began to remove her belt. Then she
  started the show. "OK girls, get in line and let's whip this haughty bitch's
  ass," her voice dripping with disdain. She tossed the belt over my head to
  one of the women behind me. "Everybody gets ten strokes, and &hellip;uh &hellip; oh
  yea, let's try to avoid the buckle this first time out."  
After only the first whack I knew I was in trouble, big trouble. It hurt
  way too much for me to survive an ass whipping from all these fucking angry
  dykes. Every single hit from that belt rattled my brain as the two halves met
  with a wicked pop. After the second bitch finished, or maybe it was the third,
  I was becoming an incoherent ranting mess. "Please stop this," I begged. "I'm
  sorry! I'll do anything you want. I'll give you money, whatever you want. I
  have credit cards. Take my car &hellip; but please let us go! We'll never come
  back. You'll never have to see &hellip;"  
Karen was definitely not in the mood for all that. "Save it! We're not criminals.
  We're not interested in your money. You need to be shown what it means to be
  a real woman." She rammed what must have been a dildo gag in my mouth, and
  had a helper strap it down in the back. "Here, suck on this princess! I bet
  you've had more cocks in that bitch-mouth of yours than pussies."  
 Well &hellip; uh &hellip; two cocks and one pussy (I refuse to count that
  night at my parents' house!), so I guess she was right. But I'm not a slut,
  and she's implying that I'm a slut and a straight slut at that &hellip; so
  insulting.  
 "Now why don't you show everyone here how you'd really rather be sucking
  cocks dear doctor lady."  
I was panicking and pulling against the single leather strap securing me
  to the stool. I was pushing as hard as I could with whatever traction I could
  get with my toes, but one of those dykes was holding the stool down. Good thing
  as I would have landed on my head and hurt myself far worse. But no matter
  what they did to me, I vowed to never give in. I would never under any circumstances
  beg for it.   
I looked over and saw that Jane was in a fright. She had turned pale, was
  hardly breathing, and looked beside herself with worry. A strong extraordinary
  woman held her elbows pinned back, very effectively immobilizing her.  
Karen waved everyone off and came around to nuzzle the side of my face that
  Jane couldn't see. Everyone got real quiet and everything slowed way down.
  She softly kissed the side of my face and hair, teasing my ear and neck with
  her lips, while ever so gently brushing across the tips of my nipples. Her
  delicate touch and breath sent shivers straight down to my pussy. It was so
  damned obvious the effect she was having on me, as I struggled and really started
  to sweat. She whispered so no one else could hear, "I told you that you are
  going to want it lover girl." What!?! What's she calling me 'lover' for? You
  don't tie and whip and humiliate a lover.  
Karen slowly, achingly worked me over like that, one hand playing with my
  tits (could my nipples possibly get any harder!), the other rubbing my ass.
  I'm sure it only took seconds before I started to whimper and squirm. At this
  point those lesbian bitches pulled the gag off so they wouldn't miss a sound.
  It felt like my heart was going to explode. God, is she ever going to get on
  with it and slip her hand between my legs, or is she going to torture me to
  death?  
 "Pleeaze," I begged, so quickly forgetting that vow.  
 "Please what sweetheart? Hey everybody, I think the little slut wants something," she
  teased.  
It was humiliating enough to be whipped like a bitch that got caught acting
  up. That was out of my control. Jane would understand that I could not possibly
  over-power them all, wouldn't she? That shouldn't cause me to lose too much
  authority over her. But I prayed this evil woman wouldn't push all the right
  buttons and cause me to lose it here. I can't let Jane see that side of me
  that I've always struggled to suppress. I won't accept my mother's version
  of the women in our family. I'm not submissive like her. I'm not! I won't be!
  I'm a doctor, a modern professional woman, not a housewife like her. If Karen
  would only stop rubbing my inner thighs, dammit! As her fingers slipped into
  my already sopping hole, I knew I was lost.  
Chapter Two   
Later, Karen buckled a collar on me, attached a leash, and made me wear my
  heels for their perverse amusement, while dragging me from woman to woman.
  It took hours, but with the exception of my dear Jane's; I was forced to lick
  every pussy in the room that night. Some were nasty, others were hot and wet
  and sweet and I couldn't get enough, but it didn't matter how I felt about
  it. I ate pussy like a fiend to avoid another ass whipping.  
Karen was right there with me the whole time, whispering real time instructions
  in my ear, staying so close, touching me, fondling me, encouraging me. I was
  supposed to ask nicely "Please Ma'am, can I have some of your nice pussy?";
  next make the &amp;*~#ing bitch cum; ask "Did I do it right Ma'am?" (now imagine
  how that left me open to ridicule); then "Would you like some more Ma'am?" (even
  with all the heavy criticism of my technique, not a single one of those bitches
  turned me down); make them cum again; offer another go at it; &hellip; repeat &hellip;  
Fortunately Karen admonished everyone about being greedy, with "Hey ladies,
  there are others in line," or else I'd still be there. I mean, imagine these
  lesbians go out for a beer at their local dive -- most of them dressed in their
  boots and jeans and those oh-so-fashionable plaid flannel shirts, either that
  or decked out in some tight-ass leather -- and all the sudden they get to torment
  this young comely doctor, who had obviously wandered into the wrong bar, who
  then has to go around on her knees eating pussy and acting all submissive and
  deferential. Talk about luck &hellip; why would anyone want to stop that kind
  of fun? I imagine they'll be telling their granddaughters about it someday &hellip; that
  is, if any of these bitches ever have granddaughters.  
After finishing off each woman, I was forced to look up, my face plastered
  with her juices, and say "Thank you for the pussy, Ma'am." They trained me
  to do all this very quickly, clamping down on my vulnerable nipples whenever
  I hesitated. I shutter to think how pathetic I must have looked to my dear
  Jane. No one hurt her, but she was forced to watch as they paraded me around
  on my hands and knees, flaunting my new status as the lowest bitch in the bar.  
I already knew it was over with Jane the instant I began to plead with Karen
  for a good fucking. The pussy eating just finalized the deal. As if things
  hadn't been bad enough, Karen had made me suck her strapon, which she claimed
  proved her point to everyone that I liked to suck cocks. It's not like I had
  a choice or anything. It didn't prove a damn thing except that she was lording
  over me and making me do it. But by then, desperate as I was, I willingly &hellip; no,
  I enthusiastically, sucked and slobbered all over that hard rubber dick, moaning
  for a fucking the whole time.  
It didn't help at all that Karen was crowing "See, what did I tell you girls!" Oh
  how the bitches loved that! They were screaming their fool heads off by the
  time Karen drove it into me. When that magnificent woman finally decided it
  was time to do me, she stripped down and buckled that harness around her ass,
  and god &hellip; she looked so damned hot! With all my heart, I wanted more
  than anything at that moment to be her bitch.  
When all was done, they took us both up to a flat above the bar. The woman
  who had been controlling Jane all night, an attractive exotic Brazilian (I
  later found out), took my former lover to bed, kissed and held her sweetly,
  but did not fuck her.  
As for me, I broke down and cried like a baby from the humiliation of it
  all, but Karen was so kind and gentle with me when she took me to bed. She
  held me and kissed me so tenderly, then looked at me so lovingly and began
  to explain. "My sweet little girl, you know that everything I did tonight was
  for your own good, don't you, so you would understand?"  
I whimpered, not really understanding anything, but feeling so safe in her
  arms.  
"From the moment you first walked into my bar, all nervous and excited at
  once &hellip; and I handed you that beer, gently raking my nails and fingertips
  over the tender side of your wrist as I gave you your change, stroking your
  palm, squeezing your little fingers in mine, testing your reaction, then catching
  your frightened flittering eyes as you tried to jerk your hand away, tried
  to look away &hellip; well dear, I decided at that very moment that I would
  have to make you mine."  
She continued, "I quickly realized that there was something dysfunctional
  about your relationship with Jane. You were pretending to be something you
  were not, something you knew nothing about. It became obvious that you would
  need some guidance to discover your true nature. And that you would need to
  be properly trained."  
Karen did not fuck me again that night. She held me like a lover and took
  her sweet time getting to know my body. When it was my turn, I slid down the
  bed and spent the rest of the night between her strong shapely thighs becoming
  intimately familiar with the delicate folds of her sweet shaved pussy.  
Chapter Three   
Karen changed me that night. Being forced to satisfy all those women, while
  I never would have voluntarily done it, and a big part of me hated being treated
  like that, it still felt like I was right where I belonged, on my knees pleasuring
  them. I love pussy. That part is undeniable. I've known that for some time.
  But to be whipped and fucked and collared, then forced to pleasure those women &hellip; oh
  my god! I should have seen this coming. My mother forewarned me, but it did
  not fit with my view of the world, where a woman could accomplish anything;
  become anything that she was willing to work for. To accept that this is my
  place, Karen's girl, ready to please, wanting to please &hellip; well, I wasn't
  expecting that would be my path. Fine for Jane, I knew she was submissive.  
The next morning, afternoon actually, when I started to come to, I found
  my face buried in Karen's warm and comforting neck, partially covered by her
  long luxurious hair, her sinewy arms holding me so close. I ached all over,
  especially my jaw and neck, but it felt wonderful to be held so tenderly by
  this beautiful woman. She waited a few moments for my mind to clear and adjust
  to my new situation, then said, "Good morning my dear girl."  
"Good morning," I meekly responded, looking away quickly, closing my eyes,
  afraid to meet her gaze.  
"You enjoyed yourself last night, didn't you?" as she petted me.  
Oh god, how could I answer that without coming to terms with this huge role
  reversal, and without the tactic acceptance of what I had fought so long to
  deny.  
 "Answer me dear", she said a bit more sternly as she lightly pulled my hair
  back forcing direct eye contact.  
I swallowed hard &hellip; "yeees," I sheepishly said. "I did."  
"Good girl. I expect complete honesty from now on, my little pet. No more
  games like you've been playing. And you do know that you're my girl now, don't
  you."  
I tried to look away and close my eyes. How could I answer that without revealing
  everything, revealing that I wanted that too? I also knew that it was not an
  option to not answer. Another quick jerk of my hair snapped me out of the dilemma. "Yeees,
  yes I do."  
"Good, then we're going to get along famously." Then with a single finger
  she pushed me off her and onto my back. Moving over me, she looked down at
  me, touching my chin so lightly, again directing my eyes to hers. I could not
  escape, could not stop her from looking directly into my soul. She waited,
  taking me in, then smiled benevolently. Then that mouth again. Oh the kiss,
  her breath and that tongue&hellip; she devastated me with that sensuous mouth
  of hers, her tongue diving and probing. I started to pant and drip. She could
  do so much with that mouth alone.  
Oh god, this is going to be soooo good, being her girl. She could have me.
  Then her hands started working me. Again the teasing of the nipples, her touch
  could be so soft and delicate. I arched my back, aching for more forceful contact.
  Her fingers danced over my body. She raked her nails across my thighs, stopping
  on my mound as she twirled strands of my dark bush around her finger.  
"This will be gone within the hour dear. You will  look
  like a little girl for me &hellip; &iquest;comprende?"  
I blushed like crazy with embarrassment. She wanted my pussy bare and exposed,
  like these young modern teen girlies like to do for their boyfriends. A slight
  jerk was all it took to snap me out of my musings. "Yeees, yes &hellip; bare,
  my pussy will be bare for you," I groaned.  
The thought of it made me hot and wet. I would be so exposed, unable to hide
  anything from her. A grown woman shaving her pussy for another grown woman,
  not for some easily excitable boyfriend, but for another woman who knows about
  pussies and who will know mine intimately. Oh it made me wet to think about
  that, to imagine her seeing me, looking at me up close, touching me, maybe
  even kissing me there. What would that say about me, being shaved like that? &hellip; that
  I was a cunt? &hellip; her bitch? I was turning red and starting to squirm
  and trying to look away. A little slap to the side of my face brought me out
  of it.  
"You like the idea, don't you pet? You want to show me your pussy, don't
  you? You want me to see you."  
Ohhh, I couldn't answer that and save face. Of course I wanted that. But
  I would be admitting what I'd become. Then I felt her fingers sink into me,
  and I bolted upright. "Ewww, somebody likes the idea," she said with barely
  concealed delight, my sopping pussy totally giving me away. I didn't think
  she really needed a verbal answer after that. She grabbed my hair again and
  gave me a hard kiss on the mouth. Oh she was fucking my pussy with those experienced
  fingers and sticking that tongue of hers in my mouth. I was trying hard to
  fuck those fingers back.  
She stopped the kiss, gave me another little slap and said, "waiting for
  an answer &hellip; don't keep me waiting &hellip;" I was getting delirious
  and choked back a sob. "One more time and I'll lose patience. I know you're
  new at this. You do want to show me your pussy, don't you?"  
"Yeees, yes, I want you to see me &hellip; see my pussy."  
"Is that all you want?" How could I possibly answer without appearing to
  be a cheap low class tramp? Slap! "Is that all you want?"  
"No &hellip;"  
"What else?" She starting tweaking my nipples and lightly slapping my hanging
  tits. How could I answer anything at all, when all I could focus on are my
  pussy, my tits and my mouth? Slapping my tits! &hellip; no one had ever done
  that. It was making me crazy, good crazy. I only could really think of one
  thing and that was the orgasm that was fast approaching. But she just worked
  me and kept me there.  
"Oh well, you must not know what you want. I'll try something else until
  you can get your little brain in gear." She pulled her fingers out of my pussy
  and shoved them in my mouth. "No need to talk all day."  
Oh how I greedily sucked those fingers, trying to keep her happy and desperately
  hoping she would get back to doing me. I so tasted like pussy. "Please," I
  mumbled through her fingers.  
"Please what, little girl?" as she pulled her fingers out of my mouth and
  began playing with my tits again.  
"Please &hellip; uh &hellip; fuck me some more. Please finish me," clearly
  begging now.  
"So that's what you were having such a hard time putting into words &hellip; fuck
  me? Is that it?"  
"Yes, yes, please &hellip; pleeeze fuck me."  
She just pushed me down on the bed and got up. "Maybe later, if you can manage
  to be a good girl all day."  
"Noooooo!" I groaned. My hands immediately went for my pussy, my thighs closing
  over them as I fell to my side crying and moaning. I lay there, in my need
  and misery, watching her gorgeous ass sway as she walked into the bathroom &hellip; so
  damned sexy. 
Chapter Four   
Karen pulled me into the shower and played with me for what seemed hours,
  her hands everywhere, soaping me up, exploring my holes, kissing me, making
  me weak in the knees. I just clung to her neck and let her use me for her fun.
  And I got to explore her holes too. She pushed me down on my knees and turned
  around. Oh, she was soooo good. I felt like the luckiest girl in the whole
  world. I wanted so badly to be her oral slut. Lord knows how I've fantasized
  about being used like this for many many years, home alone, in my bed, late
  at night, fingers in my wet over-heated pussy, dreaming it &hellip; wanting
  it &hellip; then dismissing it as best I could, after my orgasm would subside.  
When we were done, she wrapped me in a big towel and gently pushed me back &hellip; back &hellip; back &hellip; 'til
  I fell over on the bed. She took her sweet time shaving me &hellip; scissors,
  razor and cream, finishing with a warm cloth. I couldn't even watch, squeezing
  my eyes shut the whole time. I felt like such a child the way she handled me.
  Her busy fingers kept me on edge and when done, she rubbed baby oil all over
  my mound and labia. I was so close to cumming, but she was too experienced,
  too knowledgeable to let me fall over that cliff. She left me throbbing again.  
Karen took my hand, walked me into the living room and presented me to Anneca
  and Jane. I didn't know what to do, I was so flustered. How much worse could
  this get? I fidgeted and looked down. Jane was doing the same. Anneca had this
  huge smile on her face and her hands on her hips. Anneca was a knockout too,
  so dark and curvy and exotic. She slowly opened her mouth and wet those full
  voluptuous lips. Here I was, standing totally nude and exposed in the light
  of day, with two absolutely stunning women looking at me like I was a treat
  they couldn't wait to sink their teeth into. All I could think, all I could
  feel, was pussy. How I wished I had the courage to really show them my pussy.  
Karen reached over picked up her purse and got out a golden tube of lipstick.
  She proceeded to gloss her lips with the creamy red lipstick, smiled at Anneca,
  then gave me a devilish look. Without another word she started in on me: kissing
  my mouth, my neck, then my tits, and worked her way down to my now smooth mound.
  Oh god, oh god, she is going to eat me &hellip; right in front of Anneca and
  Jane! She likes my shaved pussy. Oh this is going to be too good! But please
  not in front of them. I would die. But then she stopped and got up. What? What's
  wrong? I looked down and oh my god, I went through three shades off red as
  I realized what she had done. I was mortified. She had left a trail of lip
  marks from my mouth to my pussy. She had decorated me with her lipstick. I
  was freaking and only looked up because a flash was going off. Anneca was shooting
  pictures and Karen was beaming. I wanted to run, but Karen put her arms around
  my neck, gave me a huge showy kiss on the cheek and clowned for the camera
  (with its relentless motor drive). I could bear it no longer and started to
  cry, dropping my head, my hands flying up to hide my face.  
It was too much for Jane also. She did run away, with Anneca close behind
  shouting "Where do you think you're going, little one?"  
Karen pulled me down to the couch, sat me on her lap and started to kiss
  and soothe me. "Don't cry my pretty little girl. I wasn't making fun of you.
  I was enjoying you. You are as cute as can be. You are a perfect beauty &hellip; my
  perfect beauty. I only wanted Anneca to take some pictures of us. I may even
  have them blown way up, framed and hung over our bed."  
Our  bed. Oh that sounds so lovely, so dreamy. I wanted
  it to be our bed too.  
"Don't cry my little baby. You are so pretty." I choked back my sobs and
  started feeling better when I realized she really liked me &hellip; was not
  just toying with me. And besides, she was kissing me again and I was feeling
  it. Oh that mouth of hers. I could float in mid-air from her kisses.  
"You do know that you're my girl?"  
"Oh yes, yes, thank you." I sobbed.  
"And that you're my toy to play with," she added.  
Toy? Does she mean her fucktoy? I don't really know. Is that all I'm going
  to be to her? &hellip; her fucktoy? I was confused, my mind drifting.  
She said one more time, "Katrina, you are my toy," with another light slap
  to focus my attention again.  
"Yes, I'm sorry, please don't be mad &hellip; yes, I am your toy, whatever
  you want from me. Please, this is all so new."  
"You are doing fine, just fine. I'm very pleased with you."  
What a huge relief &hellip; I do want to be her girl. I want her to want
  me, to take me. Last night, after all the excitement, with the two of us in
  bed, when I really got to be hers alone, those were some of the most precious
  moments of my life.  
"Now let's discuss the matter of what you will call me. I think you already
  know, don't you?"  
Uh, what do I say? What does she want to hear? I want her to be happy with
  me. I want all her attention and love. I think I know that she is going to
  be my mistress. Does that mean I'm a slave. I never wanted to be a slave. I
  don't even know what that means. Can she be my mistress and I'm her girl?  
"Yoo Hoo, where is Katrina?" as she slapped me again.  
"Oh please, ma'am, please don't hurt me. You're my mistress? Does that make
  me, a slave?" I couldn't think of any other possibilities. Mistresses have
  slaves, don't they? &hellip; not girlfriends.  
"Mistress or Ma'am at home, Miss Karen in public, &iquest;Comprende, my little
  pet?"  
"Yes Ma'am. Thank you. I understand." She didn't
  answer about being a slave.  
"Let's continue our language lessons by focusing on your body for a moment." She
  proceeded to point and poke and squeeze to highlight her lesson. "Let's start
  with these lovely 'tits' as she cradled them in both hands. "These beauties
  are far too large to be 'titties' like your Jane's, and they are delightfully
  firm. Now let's move down to your 'pussy', also known as your 'cunt', whenever
  I feel like it. Generally I stick things in 'cunts', I play with 'pussies',
  got that? Look at me when I talk to you girl!"  
"Yees Ma'am." I was so embarrassed by all this. I have a cunt?  
"Yes Ma'am, what?" Slap!  
"Yes Ma'am, I understand. I'm sorry. Please. I have 'tits', a 'pussy' or
  a 'cunt'. You stick things in 'cunts'&hellip;," I trailed off.  
"Good," and with a big squeeze said, "and finally, this is your 'ass', and
  such a lovely one too. One more thing you should know before you get yourself
  in trouble: I have tits, ass and a nice pussy. I do not have  a
  cunt, and I am not  a cunt, or a bitch for that matter,
  and lord help you if you ever slip up. But don't worry, my little pet, you
  will not be talking about my body anyway. I will keep your mouth far too busy
  for that. I will however, be talking about yours. And I do like to talk when
  I fuck a girl."  
 Oh god! I melted &hellip; her talking about fucking a girl right after telling
  me that I'm her girl and her toy &hellip; might as well just shoot me now and
  bury me in the desert. My heart opened up to her and I lay there, bare and
  vulnerable. Oh yes, my cunt and my mouth and every other part of me would be
  hers, to do with whatever she pleased. 
Chapter Five   
As Karen started playing with me again, my modesty clouded my judgment, "But
  what if they come back? They'll see us!"  
"Well don't worry your pretty little head sweetheart. It's nothing Anneca
  hasn't seen before, but before you jump to any conclusions about them coming
  back, let's slow way down. I want you to open up your senses. What do you hear
  right now?"  
I had to admit, my brain was in overdrive trying to process this cacophony
  of stimulation: touch, sound, the sight and the sweet smells of my Mistress
  and &hellip; uh &hellip; my own pussy. The autonomous region of my brain had
  been picking all this up at some level, I'm sure. But for the most part, I
  was on auto-pilot, responding reflexively to her fingers and mouth and breath
  all over me, all at once. I had not been hearing much of anything except the
  pounding of my heart and my panting.  
 "Sounds like someone is getting a spanking," I finally realized.  
 "Yes, your sweet Jane is getting her cute little butt spanked. Why do you
  suppose that is?"  
 "She didn't obey Anneca, did she? She ran away," I remembered.  
 "Yes, now really listen, and picture it," she instructed. "Now tell me."  
 I tried to make it out. "I think it's a &hellip; yes, I'm sure she's getting
  a bare handed spanking. I can hear lots of muffled crying and what sounds like
  a scuffle or arms and legs flailing around." That was my guess.  
 "Good girl." Very perceptive. "Yes, your Jane is getting a classic over-the-knee
  spanking. Anneca's left hand is pinning Jane's sweet little tummy down over
  her lap, and her right is doing the damage. And that pretty little mouth of
  Jane's has some kind of gag in it, panties or something. If they're panties,
  I know they're the ones Anneca was just wearing," she said with a great deal
  of amusement. "I know Anneca well. I don't need to see it. I also can hear
  Jane resist, but wouldn't any helpless little girl in her situation. Anneca
  can certainly work a girl over. And by now, Jane's sweet little pussy is dripping
  wet. I would bet money on that. Like I said, I know Anneca. Her fingers like
  to travel. Listen to how long Anneca waits between strokes. Imagine what she's
  doing with those long fingers of hers during those pauses. Imagine what it
  would feel like if it my hand were on your ass, between your legs, during that
  time."  
 Ohmygawd, my sweet Mistress knows how to play with my mind and my body.
  I don't have to imagine for long, as I start to feel her strong lively fingers
  snaking down to my bottom. She continues to kiss and play with me for a while
  and I am more than willing, as everything continues to build for me. I am hypersensitive
  by now, panting, and lay in wait and anticipation.  
 "Dear, there's something you'd like to show me, isn't there?" she asks.  
 Oh no, here it comes, my moment of truth. She wants me to offer myself,
  not hold back, give her what she's been waiting for. I'm blushing more than
  ever and I'm trying very hard to disappear by burying my face in that small
  space where the back of the sofa meets the seat. I'm on my back, knees bent
  pointing up, and now squeezing them together. I start to rock a bit. I don't
  know what to do.  
 "Katrina, dear," as she lifts and moves my legs out of the way to get at
  my ass. Smack! "Did you lose your hearing suddenly?" Smack! These were no longer
  little love taps.  
 I'm really rocking hard now and start to cry. I'm so ashamed that I'm being
  such a baby. I know what she wants. I want it too. But I'm shaved like a little
  girl and it's so shaming to me. Why can't I show her, give her what she wants?  
 "Come on little girl. Let me help you. Here, put your hands right here," as
  she places them under my knees, between my calves and hamstrings. "Now, my
  sweet baby, lift," and she slowly pushes my knees towards my chest. "You know
  you want to show me, don't you? Or would you rather be over my knee, like your
  Jane in the other room?"  
 Well, if she's going to put it that  way. Still it's
  so hard for me, and so humiliating. I start to pull as she pushes back and
  outward. I started to get scared again and she lightly slaps the back of my
  thighs as they are rising, to get me over the hump, as it were. Ok, I going
  to do it and show her everything, in all my shame. I pull my knees back to
  either side of my breasts and there I am, as exposed as I've ever been in my
  life. I feel like such a cunt. "Here," I croak, keeping my head turned away,
  eyes shut tight.  
 "Oh my, how lovely," she coos, as she begins to stroke me ever so softly.  
Karen began fucking me once again &hellip; well, that's really not the right
  way to put it at all &hellip; my sweet Mistress was loving me. And she was
  using everything at her disposal: her sensuous mouth, those strong fingers,
  that incredible strapon driven by her powerful body &hellip; long deep strokes &hellip; ,
  her knowledge of a woman, where to touch, what to kiss and when, teasing me
  with her words, driving me to ever greater pleasure. I felt sooo sexy squirming
  under her, her hot breath in my ear, her needing only one of those strong hands
  to hold both my wrists above our heads, freeing her other to play. She even
  released one of my hands so I could touch her, our fingers intertwining with
  the other. I was almost giddy to be allowed run my free hand along the curve
  of her lower back and touch her firm ass. I felt so proud when that caused
  her to quiver. I vowed to be the best lover I could possibly be for her.  
During all this passion she whispers in my ear, "listen to your sweet Jane
  moaning in there. Anneca is consummating their relationship &hellip; you know
  what I mean my dear girl &hellip; she is fucking your girlfriend &hellip; fucking
  her silly. I told you not to worry about them coming back. She will be tied
  up with Anneca for hours," she said with a twinkle in her eye, "and when they
  come back, your Jane she will belong to Anneca."  
 "Oh god," I groaned. The thought of belonging to someone, me belonging to
  Karen, Jane belonging to Anneca, made me weak and even wetter. What on earth
  could be better than that? &hellip; such sweet surrender.  
 I was so overwhelmed at this point, with Karen bringing me to the edge over
  and over, then backing off each time. I was ready to scream for her to finish
  me. "Please," I moaned, wanting it so much that it hurt.  
 She looked down at me with such a sweet hint of a smile, then delicately
  placing a single finger on my lips, and leaning close to my ear, she whispered
  so softly, "hush little baby &hellip; did you really think I would forget about
  you?"  
The end. 
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subterfuge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





