BDSM Library - An Encounter With Their Maker




An Encounter With Their Maker
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In the distant future, humanity is at war with the race that created it. Three captured girls are left to the mercy of a doctor who sees them as nothing more than his playthings. Erin, Lauren, and Sindar, ran though the abandoned Glade City, desperate
  to reach the Confederation base before the last ship left. Humanity was at
  war with the race that created it, calling themselves the Deus and currently
  the forces of the Galactic Confederation and the United Earth Sphere Government
  were regrouping their forces to mount a counterattack and the Confederation
  had decided to abandon Aprilus 4 to the Deus.  
 "Come on, we're almost there&hellip;" Erin panted as they ran, as the Deus
  ground forces closed in on the city, not too far behind them.  
 Suddenly Erin heard a sound that made her heart sink. Glade City was the
  last Confederate hold-out on the planet and the last ship out had just lifted
  off. Erin looked up, shielding her eyes with her hand and watched as the last
  ship lifted off, with it's escort of giant humanoid robots, Armored Frames.  
 "NOOOO!!!" Lauren screamed as she dropped to her knees, and Sindar began
  to cry.  
 "FREEZE!" A mechanical voice behind them ordered.  
 Erin turned around and found a squad of Deus soldiers with their sapphire
  blue goggled masks pointing their assault rifles at them.  
 ***  
 The three girls were taken prisoner and sent to the Deus garrison at near
  by Gorudeaux City.  
 "Here is my report sir." A Deus scientist said as he placed his report down
  on the desk of Commandant Maximus Aruleus commander of the Deus 103 rd  Legion.
  The Deus Civilization had been in decay for over several millennia. They created
  humanity in their own image to create an enlightened race that would carry
  on their civilization. They decided humanity was took much like them and declared
  the project a failure and now planned on wiping it out and starting from scratch.
  The Deus were almost identical to humans.  
 The commandant read though the report, "They really are like us, we can
  even breed with them&hellip;" the commandant softly said. It says here you
  have some recommended uses for them and to consult you?"  
 "Yes sir, I have several other humans in custody and I would like to try
  and experiment and see if I can't make some of them into organic weapons to
  supplement our Bio-troops." The bulk of the Deus's terrestrial combat forces
  were organic weapons, controlled genetically created monsters. "Some of them
  I would like to see if I could use as a food source, like cattle. And finally
  a little mind control device and, well, see if I could make them into a sort
  of sexual plaything."  
 "Interesting&hellip; what will you do with those three." The commandant
  asked looking though the two sided mirror at the three nude women, standing
  up back to back, with their arms tied towards the ceiling.  
 "Well that one&hellip;" The scientist said pointing to Sindar. "&hellip;has
  the highest lung capacity and in the best physical shape. I will use her as
  the first of a new breed of bio-troopers. "This one, with the large breasts&hellip;" He
  pointed to Lauren. "&hellip; I will inject with hormones and have her produce
  her milk and what ever else she can for us. Finally, this last one, well, I'll
  let my work speak for itself sir." The scientist said with a smile.  
 "Do you realize that is in direct violation of the Imperial Decree of the
  Stellar Empire? All humans are to be destroyed."  
 "I am aware of that sir. But the plans to create humans outside nature methods
  has been lost to us for over a millennia. I believe we should learn what we
  can from them before we wipe them out."  
 "Hmm, I agree, I await your results doctor."  
 Despite being almost copies of themselves, the remaining Deus still viewed
  humanity as below them. The way humans viewed other animals. 1000 years ago
  the Deus had fought a war against the United Earth Sphere Government in their
  first attempt to wipe out their "mistake." They failed and were routed to distant
  parts of the galaxy, their decaying civilization nearing collapse. Now they
  made their second attempt, knowing there would be no third attempt. Their civilization
  was rapidly collapsing, and they had to make room for them to create another
  race to carry on their civilization. Technological wise the Deus surpassed
  the Confederation, however the UESG were on practically even terms.  
 ***  
 The three girls each had a thick computer headband around their heads, they
  were restrained and held in what had been a police interrogation room in the
  Gorudeaux City Metropolitan Police Headquarters, now the Deus command center.
  The scientist Dr. Scipio entered, and approached the unconscious girls. He
  performed a rudimentary examination, prodding them with his fingers. Amazing,
  they are almost identical to us. Alas they would make the same mistakes we
  have, they are not worthy, not trust worthy enough to carry on our legacy&hellip;  He
  thought. He took a control from his pocket and pushed a button and one of the
  girls awoke.  
 Erin  
 Erin slowly opened her eyes and found herself standing in a room, and before
  her was a figure. He looked human except for his steel gray skin and deep blue
  hair. Then she realized she was naked and tied up. "What the fuck?!"  
 "Good morning. I am Doctor Milan Scipio, your planet has fallen to us and
  the last remaining Confederation forces had evacuated to Aprilus 7. You have
  been selected for experimentations, don't feel bad though, after all your entire
  race was created as an experiment."  
 Erin opened her mouth to say something but Scipio pushed a button on his
  remote before the girl could speak. "That device around your head can override
  your brain's commands. I just disabled your ability to speak. It won't matter
  in the end, though. When the experiment is over you will not have a need to
  speak." Scipio snapped his fingers and two aids walked into the room with a
  floating bed with restraints on each corner for Erin's arms and legs. For his
  own entertainment he allowed Erin the ability to resist and watched her scream
  as the aids man-handled her to the bed and restrained her.  
 "Good take her into the hospital, Room 667." Scipio said as he turned back
  to the other two, and pushed another button, and another girl's eyes opened&hellip;  
 Erin was taken, screaming all the way to the hospital. She screamed until
  her throat was sore and she could no longer speak. This seem to amuse the aids
  who took her to the hospital. There in Room 667, waited a Deus surgeon prepped
  for surgery. "She's all yours doctor." One of the aids said as the left. The
  doctor looked her over, examining her vagina, her breasts and various other
  parts of her body. "Well I suppose I'll be nice enough to explain the procedure." The
  doctor said as he rubbed and pinched one of Erin's nipples, taking not of her
  reaction. "Your breasts will be enlarged, and your nipple will be increased
  in sensitivity. I will alter the tissue of your vagina as so it will remain
  tight. Your digesting and nutrient intake will also be altered and will be
  optimized to acquire nutrients from sexual fluids such as vaginal fluids and
  semen. Meaning you will be able to survive from consuming those fluids. Though
  if you like food you will still require regular food, the only thing is, you
  will not be able to survived off of normal food alone, you will always require
  to feed on cum to survive." Erin listened in horror knowing what this meant.
  She was going to be nothing more than some sexual plaything. She had always
  been a proud woman and this was the ultimate humiliation to be made into some
  sexual toy, to the point where she was to survive off sexual fluids.  
 "I'm sure you must be uneasy about this, but don't be scared, most of all
  will be this thing." The doctor said as he held up a small chip. This chip
  will be implanted in your brain, it will suppress all desires except for hunger
  and appetite, and sexual drive. It will also make your brain obey without question,
  and of course, you will only be able to respond to commands, and have only
  basic individual thought. It is made from a bio-material your brain scanners
  will not pick up." The doctor explained, but now he decided to tease her a
  little. "But if you go to an Earth doctor, they can detect it, but you won't
  have the desire to seek one out, in fact that knowledge will me nothing to
  you in an hour. Now lets get started, Commandant Aruleus, wants his results."  
 The doctor switched off Erin's ability to vocalize and got to work. Needles
  were driven into her breasts and a special growth hormone was injected, a growth
  hormone that would cause her breasts to enlarge. She let out a silent scream
  as the needles pieced the skin of her breasts and began injecting the growth
  hormones. Her scream intensified as the doctor took a scalpel and a sliced
  open the skin over her vagina and uterus. He turned to a tray behind him where
  to took a pair of chains with clamps on both ends. He peeled back the skin
  and clamped on end to the loose flap and he pinched some skin on her leg and
  clamped the other end to it, then he did the same with the other chain. He
  then sliced open her uterus and vagina and applied the artificial tissue that
  would keep her vagina tight and prevent and fertilized egg from embedding in
  the uterus, making her sterile, yet still ovulating. Once he had completed
  the procedure he sewed her back up and moved on to the head, and only now did
  he sedate her. Not out of mercy though, but out of convenience, he was able
  to keep her body restrained but not her head. He took the headband off, and
  drilled a small hole in the side of her forehead, just below the hairline.
  He activated the chip, which would assimilate and take control of Erin's brain
  on contact, and put the chip though the hole and onto her brain. He sealed
  the hole with artificial bone and tissue.  
 When Erin awoke she was devoid of advanced thought, the neural chip had
  shutdown those parts of her brain. The doctor stood next to the bed with his
  pocket computer, tapping at the touch screen, enabling the commands for the
  chip. The only thing Erin cared about now was to please her masters, to be
  fucked, and to eat. Right now she felt hungry.  
 "Are you hungry?" The doctor asked.  
 "Yes, master." she replied.  
 "Would you like me to give you something to eat?"  
 "Yes master."  
 "What do you like to eat?"  
 "Cum"  
 Cum?! What in Hades&hellip; oh yes that's right "cum" is their
      slang term for sexual juices, good, good, so far it's working.  He
      freed her from the bed and said "Here, then eat up." The doctor said as
      he pointed to his crotch. Erin kneeled down and undid his pants, pulled
      down his shorts and took his penis into her hand. She began licking it,
      teasing it, and it didn't take long for that cock to get rock hard. She
      took the doctor's hard dick into her mouth and started sucking and jacking
      it off. Erin mindlessly worked on that cock, determined on receiving her
      main source of sustenance. This has to be&hellip; the best head&hellip; I've&hellip; ever
      had&hellip;  the doctor thought and with a huge groan he shot
      his load into her mouth and she greedily drank down all of his cum, but
      her hunger wasn't satisfied, she wanted more.  
 The doctor pulled his slowly limping penis from Erin's mouth. "Are you still
  hungry?"  
 "Yes master."  
 "Aside from begin hungry how else do you feel?"  
 "Horney, I really want o have sex master."  
 The doctor snapped his fingers and two aids came in, a Deus men and woman.  
 "Tell them what you want girl." The doctor said.  
 Erin, still kneeling, looked at the three. "I want your cum, I want to drink
  down your cum. I want your thick cocks inside of me, I want you to fuck me."  
 Excellent, excellent! If I play my hand right I can make a lot
      of money, maybe even be promoted to the Imperial Scientific Development
      Bureau&hellip;  The doctor though. "Well you three, care to
      test out my new creation? Go ahead, fuck her, use her as your play thing."  
   The female aid smiled, "Well you want my cum, huh?" She
  said as she began to undress, she took off her jump suit and looked at Erin,
  and smiled as she saw the intense desire in Erin's eyes. "Show me what you
  have to offer." She said as she sat on the bed and opened her legs.  
 Erin looked at the aid and almost drooled, the aid had a slender athletic
  body, light cream skin and emerald green hair. She looked at the doctor and
  he nodded his permission. It didn't take long for Erin to bury her face between
  the aid's legs. The bio-chip telling her brain the source of substance was
  those lips between her legs. Erin enthusiastically ate away at the aid's pussy,
  focusing her efforts on the aid's clit.  
 "Ahh&hellip;ahhh&hellip;oooh&hellip;.ooooh&hellip;yess" The aid panted.  
 The male aid was watching in astonishment. "Sir how did you do that?"  
 "I implanted a new bio-neural chip into her brain. Well the girl said she
  wanted to fuck, if that wasn't an invitation&hellip;" The doctor said.  
 "Heh, alright." The aid said as he undressed.  
 Erin was bent over the table with her ass sticking out and her head in the
  female aid's pussy. The male aid positioned himself behind her and slid his
  erect penis into her "enhanced" vagina. Erin screamed, with her new tight vagina
  she felt like she was a virgin again. The female aid grabbed Erin's head and
  forced her face back into her pussy while the male aid began to pump her from
  behind. "She's so tight."  
 "Hahaha, yes, I used a special kind of artificial tissue on her vagina.
  She will always be tight." The doctor replied.  
 "AAAAHHH, AAAHHHHH&hellip;."The female aid cried as she came into Erin's
  mouth. Erin was careful not to let a drop of the life giving juice go to waste.
  The aid caught her breath for a moment before she said, "finger me bitch, put
  your fingers inside me and fuck me." Despite being fucked from behind and moaning
  herself, Erin complied sliding two fingers into her pussy in and out and rubbing
  her clit with her thumb on the other hand.  
 "YESS&hellip; YESSS&hellip;fuck me&hellip;fuck me&hellip;fuck your slave&hellip;fill
  me up with your cum&hellip;" Erin moaned as the male aid fucked her and brought
  her closer to orgasm. "AAAHHH&hellip; please don't stop, please don't stop&hellip;" Erin
  moaned as she hit orgasm. With her tight pussy spasaming Erin brought the male
  aid to orgasm and with a loud groan he shot his load into Erin's pussy, filling
  her up.  
 The male aid pulled out and Erin continued finger fucking the female aid,
  herself almost to orgasm. "Yeah, keep fucking me&hellip;keep fucking me&hellip;I'm
  gonna cum&hellip; I'm gonna cum&hellip;" She cried and Erin put her face buy
  her pussy and when she came Erin was ready to lick up her cum.  
 "Good, good job you two, that will be enough for now." The doctor said  
 For the following weeks, Erin would fuck various members of the research
  facility feeding on their cum. Though Dr. Scipio found he needed to put a chastity
  belt on her because due to her constant sexual arousal she was constantly masturbating.
  This also had the added benefit of her practically begging for sex, she was
  an animal in bed. Dr. Scipio would perform this procedure on several more girls
  and they would service the garrison's personnel. As the first one to under
  go this procedure Erin herself was presented as a special gift to Commandant
  Aruleus, who was very pleased with her.  
  
 Erin had been carted out and Dr. Scipio pushed a button that awakened Lauren.
  Lauren looked around and when she found herself nude and tied up she became
  hysterical. Dr, Scipio pushed another button that calmed her down and turned
  off her ability to vocalize. "Good morning, I'm Dr. Scipio or the Stellar Empire.
  You have been selected for a program to test your ability to provide foodstuff
  for the Empire." Lauren was slightly confused, she didn't know what he meant
  and thought she was going to be slave labor on a farm somewhere in the Empire.
  She was close.  
 Dr. Scipio snapped his fingers and two aids entered, they pushed an operating
  bed in with restrains at each corner. Lauren, accepting her fate, didn't resist
  as they tied her nude body down. "Take her to Room 746 at the hospital." Dr.
  Scipio ordered. As they took Lauren away Scipio awakened the last girl.  
 Lauren was taken to the hospital, she decided screaming would get her nowhere
  and remained silent. In Room 746 was a female doctor, "Hello there. As Dr.
  Scipio mentioned you've been selected for an experiment to provide foodstuff&hellip;" She
  explained, as she removed the headband. "But before I explain that&hellip; you
  have such a nice sexy body&hellip;" She commented, running her fingers along
  Lauren's legs. "Beautiful breasts&hellip;" She said as she leaned down to lick
  her nipples. "Please stop&hellip;" Lauren whispered and the doctor responded
  by biting her nipple at which Lauren screamed. "I think I'll see how your pussy
  tastes," the doctor said walking around to where Lauren's legs were. She leaned
  over and sniffed Lauren's exposed pussy, Lauren kept her pussy shaved which
  pleased the doctor and she ran the tip of her tongue between Lauren's lips.  
 "Hmmm, please stop&hellip;" Lauren whispered.  
 "Just lie back and enjoy the ride." The doctor said as she tickled Lauren's
  clit with her tongue and slid two fingers into Lauren's wet pussy.  
 "MMmmm, no&hellip;" Lauren pleaded but the doctor continued on licking and
  sucking on her clit and fucking her with her two fingers.  
 "AH, AH, AH, no&hellip; you're gonna make&hellip;me cum&hellip;!" Lauren
  moaned. The doctor continued and Lauren cried out as she came. The doctor stood
  up and wiped away Lauren's cum from her mouth with the back of her hand. "Hmm,
  for a human your pussy and cum sure taste great. Anyway I'll explained the
  details now. I am going to inject a cocktail of hormones into you're breasts,
  this will cause them to swell up and lactate. You will get a regular dosage
  of this to keep you lactating, and we're going to hook you up to what is basically
  a milking machine."  
 Lauren listened in horror, and took her a few moments to put her thoughts
  together enough to say something. "I&hellip; I'm going to be a cow?!"  
 "A cow&hellip;? Ah yes a cow, the beasts your kind uses for milk and foodstuff,
  yes you're going to be like a cow. But that's not all, this hormone cocktail
  will also cause you to ovulate twice as fast. You will also be inseminated
  and the embryos in your womb will be extracted and used as food for our bio-troops.
  But don't worry Dr. Scipio was kind enough to strip you of any high level intelligent
  thought&hellip;" She walked to a tray and held up a bio-neural chip that was
  identical to the one implanted in Erin. "This chip will suppress your brain's
  ability to reason, you'll essentially be as smart as a cow. Though we can turn
  this chip off turning you back to normal, in case we need you for anything
  else. You should also thank Dr. Scipio he also programmed the chip to make
  your sexual feelings more intense, So it's time to get started." The doctor
  said with a smile.  
 Lauren looked up and saw strange device above her, it was this boxed shaped
  this with two skinny robotic arms, each arm held a large syringe. The device
  lowered and Lauren struggled in her restraints, "NO, PLEASE DON'T! I'M BEGGING
  YOU!" Lauren pleaded. She screamed as the thick needles punctured her C-cup
  breasts, and as it injected the hormones she felt as if lava was being injected
  into her breasts. Lauren was openly crying as the box lifted back up and another
  smaller one lowered above her crotch. The burning sensation in her breasts
  didn't even begin to fade when the two thick syringes pierced though Lauren's
  flesh and muscle and drove into her ovaries and injected their hormone. The
  doctor actually winced as she had never heard a scream as intense and the one
  Lauren howled in her entire life. After the needles withdrew and Lauren calmed
  down a little, her body still wracked with pain, the doctor injected her with
  a sedative. She drilled a small hole in the side of Lauren's forehead just
  below the hairline and implanted the chip, which immediately began fusing with
  her brain. The doctor sealed the hole with artificial bone and tissue.  
 Days later Lauren was still in the hospital room, when the doctor came to
  check her out again. Lauren's breast had swelled to over twice their original
  size due to the hormones, and she didn't have all that much in intelligence,
  just a sort of animal level capacity to think, due to the chip. "Hello there." The
  doctor said.  
 "Hello&hellip;" Lauren responded in a dull mono-tone.  
 "My, my, my, your breasts have grown." The doctor said reaching out to squeeze
  one, Lauren for her part couldn't even comprehend what the doctor has said
  so she remained silent. The doctor walked to a cabinet and took a breast pump
  out, and proceeded to draw milk from Lauren, then she transferred the milk
  she obtained into a glass on a counter. She swirled it around a little scrutinizing
  the glass's content before she took a sip. "Hmm, this is pretty tasty&hellip; I'd
  like to try this straight from the source&hellip;" The doctor said as she placed
  the glass down and approached Lauren. She leaned down and took one of Lauren's
  nipples into her mouth and started sucking, the warm milk flowed from her nipple
  and the doctor couldn't get enough. She had drank maybe glass worth of Lauren's
  milk before she pulled away. "You are a delicious one." The doctor said as
  she filled out a small notepad before leaving.  
 For the next few months Lauren along with several other girls who had undergone
  the same procedure was kept chained in a special building behind the officer's
  mess in the Gorudeaux City garrison. They were kept on lying on their backs
  on a special bed. They were lying on an X shaped bed with a milking device
  set up above them and attached to their swollen breasts. Between her legs was
  another device, this one had a hollow dildo that would sense when she had ovulated
  and would fuck her to the point of orgasm them fill her up with cum to fertilize
  her eggs and produce the embryos that were used to feed the Bio-troops stationed
  at the garrison. Some Deus officers even took to eating the embryos themselves.
  Lauren and the other girls didn't even have the intelligence to realize what
  they had became. They simply just looked forward to the next time the machine
  between their legs would start up and pleasure them, or when the machine attached
  to their breasts would stimulate their nipples.  
  
  
 Sindar's eyes opened and the first thing that she noticed was a man standing
  in front of her. He had steel gray skin and dark blue hair, then she noticed
  she was completely nude and tied up, upon realizing this she screamed. The
  man pushed a button on a pocket computer he had and suddenly no sound came
  from her mouth.  
 "Good morning, I am Dr. Scipio, I am pleased to inform you that you have
  been selected to serve the valiant Stellar Imperial Army, as one of a new breed
  of bio-troopers. You should consider it an honor to be selected to fight for
  the race that created yours." Dr. Scipio said as he spread out his arms. He
  snapped a finger and two aids entered the room pushing a bed with a restraint
  at each corner into the room. The aids freed Sindar from her restraints and
  fastened her to the bed. Sindar figured she would find a better chance to escape
  later.  
 "Take this one to Room 278." Dr. Scipio ordered.  
 Sindar was taken to the operating room where a female doctor was waiting. "So
  this is our test subject, she quite pretty." The doctor said. Walking around
  the bed Sindar was strapped to, "hmm, you look like the type that's great at
  eating pussy&hellip;" the doctor said looking down at her. The doctor leaned
  over and licked Sindar's nipples, she caressed her legs and stimulated her
  clit and nipples arousing Sindar. "Do you want me?" The doctor ask seductively.
  An aroused Sindar eagerly nodded. "Consider this your reward for your service
  to the Empire." The doctor said as she undressed. Sindar looked and the now
  nude Deus doctor. She was slim and sexy with a cut figure, she had light cream
  skin and dark purple hair. The doctor climbed on the bed and was laying on
  top of Sindar's restrained body, the doctor kissed Sindar, letting her tongue
  slide into her mouth and her tongue danced with Sindar's. As the made out the
  doctor began rubbing Sindar's clitoris and soon she was bringing Sindar closer
  and closer to orgasm. Sindar had never met anyone this good at fingering her
  pussy. The doctor moved from Sindar's lips to suck on her nipples, Sindar was
  getting closer to orgasm and she was thrusting her pussy upwards trying to
  take in more and more of the doctor's fingers into herself. "OH Yeah&hellip; Oh
  yeah&hellip;Harder&hellip; Harder&hellip;" Sindar moaned. The doctor complied,
  ramming her fingers into Sindar harder and faster. "AAAHH&hellip;AAAHH&hellip;Oh
  god I'm Cumming!" Sindar cried as she came all over the doctor's hand. "Now
  it's my turn to cum." The doctor said with a smile and she positioned herself
  over Sindar's head placing her vagina in her face. "Now lick that pussy." She
  commanded. Sindar obediently complied and ate out the doctor's pussy, fucking
  her with her tongue and licking her clit.  
 "Yess, yess&hellip; eat my pussy, eat my pussy like a slut&hellip;" The
  doctor moaned. Sindar continued eating until the doctor shuddered and came
  on her face, Sindar drank down as much of the cum as she could. The two of
  them lay together for a few minutes before the doctor stood up and explained
  the procedure. "OK here is the procedure that will transform you into a soldier
  of the Empire. Your lower left arm will be replaced by this&hellip;" The doctor
  said, she had walked to a trey and picked up and artificial arm. "&hellip;This
  is a multi-weapons unit, it's equipped with a beam saber, a beam machine gun,
  and a whip. Your reproductive organs will no longer be needed so I will remove
  your uterus, and ovaries. Your vagina will remain and this device will be attached
  to it&hellip;" The doctor held up a device. "This part will go inside your
  vagina while these parts will clam on to your labia, and this here will attach
  to your clitoris. This will be used to reward you, the better the performance
  the long this device will active and stimulate you. Now you will also no longer
  require your breasts, so they will be hollowed out and the power source for
  the beam weapons will be installed there. Left for the gun, right for the blade.
  Your lungs and digestive track will also be altered, you will be able to consume
  a wider variety of things for sustenance, and you will be able to breath in
  various atmospheres. I will also strengthen your muscles with artificial tissue."  
 "Why, why are you going to do this to me?!" Sindar asked in horror.  
 "Why not, your abilities will surpass even that of our soldiers. Last but
  not least there is this chip&hellip;" The doctor said holding up the bio-neutral
  chip. "&hellip;This chip will make you completely obedient to orders and will
  suppress any individual thoughts and what ever other thought that my occur
  that have nothing to do with your missions. It will also strengthen your sex
  drive, in place of your ovaries, sexual gratification will be one of the main
  incentives for you to follow orders. You complete a task and this machine will
  make you orgasm. Now shall we get started?"  
 The doctor started by cutting Sindar's lower abdomen open. Sindar thrashed
  around in the bed as much as she could from the excruciating pain, screaming
  until her throat was sore, while the doctor pulled out her uterus and ovaries.
  Then she sewed her back up and placed the device in her vagina and attaching
  it to her clitoris and labia. The she took the saw, and Sindar pleaded with
  her not to cut her arm off. The doctor paid no attention, telling Sindar that
  she should be grateful as she sawed off the girl's arm. The doctor quickly
  placed the arm back on to prevent heavy blood loss. Finally she sedated Sindar
  to implant the cybernetic implants for the arm and the chip in the brain.  
 Sindar and a group of girls who underwent the same process were repeatedly
  sent into Confederation held Aprilus 7, to raid the military facilities and
  terrorize the population. This would go on for months with rumors spreading
  of brutal and violent cybernetic women terrorizing various areas around Confederation
  positions.  
 ***  
 Seven months after the abandoned the world, reinforced by forces from Earth,
  the Galactic Confederation 8492 nd  Fleet moved in
  to re-take the planet. The battle to re-take the planet lasted a few months.
  But as Confederation forces drew near Gorudeaux City, they were horrified to
  find a platoon of these cybernetic women attacking them. Sindar held back the
  initial Confederation infantry assault in the city to buy time for Commandant
  Aruleus's shuttle with the Commandant and Dr. Scipio aboard to escape. She
  would fight on as the last of her platoon and would kill 50 Confederation soldiers
  before she herself was killed.  
 "Yes sir we are within sight of Target Dunkirk." The Confederation Captain
  responded over the comm. "Alright let's move out." He ordered his squad.  
 "SIR WE'VE GOT INCOMMING!" Shouted one of the soldiers up on a balcony with
  a sniper rifle.  
 The Captain looked in the direction the soldier was pointed. "What in the
  hell?!" To the Captain's horror he saw about a platoon's worth of women running
  at his squad at inhuman speeds. They were nude aside from torso and upper leg
  armor, and he could see beam sabers glowing from their left arms. He wasn't
  sure what to make of this New type of Bio-troops&hellip;?  until
  they began firing at them. "Shit, return fire, return fire!" He shouted, and
  before he know it the girls were on top of his squad. He shot one in the head
  and as he turned to take cover Sindar dropped down in front of him, his eyes
  met Sindar's beautiful yet soulless eyes for only an instant before she speared
  him with her right arm, encased in a claw-like gauntlet, and crushed the Captain's
  heart while it was still in his chest.  
 As the Confederation soldiers moved in and re-took the city they were horrified
  to find the facility behind the Officer's mess where women with oversized breasts
  were hooked to a milking device and another device that looked like it would
  fuck the girls.  
 "What the fuck is this?!" A Confederation Lieutenant said, disgusted and
  dumbfounded at the same time. The room was like a dairy, with stalls and containers,
  yet instead of cows it was girls that were in the stalls. These girls seemed
  to altered in that their breasts were much larger than normal. The girls were
  lying spread eagle on a bed with their arms and legs tied down. There was,
  what the Lieutenant assumed, a milking machine attached to their breasts and
  some bizarre looking sex machine set up between their legs. Lauren's eyes saw
  the Lieutenant walk by her and with what intelligence she had left, pleaded "Kill
  me&hellip;"  
 "What." The Lieutenant looked down at her, and she pleaded again, "Kill
  me." And soon the other girls were pleaded to be killed, and the Lieutenant
  complied with Lauren's request and shot her in the head. The other soldiers
  followed suit as well.  
 As they took more of the garrison the Confederation soldiers found several
  girls that seemed to be turned into sex slaves. "So what's the deal with these
  girls?" A Confederation Commander asked looking at the girls that were rounded
  up into this room. They found in various officers' quarters in a sort of daze.  
 "I'm not sure yet sir but it looks as if the Deus had mind controlled these
  girls to be their sex slaves." A medic said as she examined one of the girls.  
 "Well take them to the hospital in the mean time, the doctors can deal with
  them their." The Commander ordered.  
 At the hospital the Confederation doctors had studied the girls but still
  could not understand what was wrong with them. Their minds had been drastically
  altered and all they seemed to want was sex, and even though they were kept
  well fed, the doctors could not understand why they were dying of malnutrition,
  despite their best efforts each of the girls died one by one.  
 Except one&hellip;  
 Commandant Aruleus leaned back in the chair of his quarters on the Deus
  battleship as his remaining forces traveled though hyperspace leaving behind
  Aprilus 4.  
 "You don't look to pleased." Dr. Scipio said as he entered the Commandant's
  quarters.  
 "We just lost Aprilus 4 and two thirds of our forces, how am I supposed
  to feel?"  
 "Look on the bright side sir, we still have several of those chips left,
  the means to create them, and most of all you still have your pet, speaking
  of which, if your feeling pretty shitty, why not feed her?" Dr. Scipio asked
  brightening up.  
 "Good idea, well I'm sure they'll need to in the infirmary to help treat
  the wounded&hellip;"  
 "Yes sir, good day then." Dr. Scipio nodded and said on his way out.  
 "Slave, it's time to eat." Aruleus called and from the corner of the room
  Erin, clad in only a thick collar around her neck walked towards him and kneeled
  down. She undid his uniform, pulled his pants down and hungrily took his penis
  into her mouth and vigorously worked his penis to get it to spew it's delicious
  cum&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pesmerga


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





