BDSM Library - First Visit to a Haitian Bondage Club




First Visit to a Haitian Bondage Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lyn, a powerful corporate executive with a deep yearning for submission visits a Haitian Bondage Club and finds herself on the stage, stripped naked, bound and masturbated for the audience's pleasure.First Visit to a Haitian Bondage Club  
By Powerone  
Copyright 2005  
M/F, Fsolo, humil, exhib, bdsm  
 She closed her eyes as she lay on the large bed of her hotel room in the
  luxurious Moulin Sur Mer. The beachfront hotel was built on a sugar cane plantation
  around the mid-18th century. She was here on a business trip, checking out
  a new factory to be built. It was part business and part pleasure, Lyn having
  the weekend before returning home, her business finished, a free weekend with
  no distractions. The sun was shining in the window; Lyn was naked on the bed.
  The beach was empty but just the thought of anyone looking in would be able
  to see her naked excited her. She had started to have these strange desires
  about six months ago. She thought it just fantasy probably caused by lack of
  sex or at least lack of sex with someone other then Bill. Bill was her vibrator.
  She laughed, how many women named their vibrator. Bill was about ten inches
  long and over three inches wide, a very formidable man. She bought long lasting
  batteries by the ten pack, never wanting to be without Bill when she needed
  him most. Maybe she should add Duracell to her stock portfolio, a ten pack
  lasting less then a month.  
 She could see herself in the mirror that she had positioned at the end of
  her bed. The full length mirror was on an adjustable frame, able to move up
  and down. After about ten minutes she had it aimed just right. She gazed into
  it, spreading her legs slowly, teasing herself as she saw her pussy gradually
  revealed almost as if she were performing for a lover. Her nipples were so
  hard that they almost felt like they would burst, her fingers able to provoke
  them to hardness easily, her long nails scratching over them bringing delicious
  shivers of lust between her legs. Her breasts had little sag in them; her areolas
  were the darkest brown and seemed to engulf her large pink nipples. Men would
  look at her breasts before they would look her in the eyes. While demeaning
  as the President of a large company, it never failed to make her wet when they
  did, knowing that her breasts were making their cocks hard. She often wore
  button down blouses with her suits, many times teasing men by leaving more
  buttons open then was prudent for a women of her status. But she loved the
  stares that it provoked to much to be more demure  
 Her tiny bush was trimmed to just a triangle, almost like a warning sign,
  danger ahead. Her labia were puffy and very pronounced. She had a pair of shorts
  she wore at home only that clung to her ass and pussy, leaving little to the
  imagination. She wore them without panties, feeling the material cling to every
  curve in her lower body, sliding between her lips as she walked, her puffy
  lips clearly outlined in the front of her shorts. She wore them without a top,
  the freedom of her naked breasts bouncing slightly exciting her. She even had
  an orgasm once while walking around the house, the material rubbing her sex,
  the material pressed against her anus.  
 She raised her legs up, bowing her legs out, her knees bent, spread to the
  side as she stared in the mirror, her sex offered to anyone who peeked in the
  window. Her breasts were rising and falling slowly, her breathing shallow as
  she began to get excited. Her hand reached for Bill, finding him next to her,
  ready and always hard for her. She stroked him as she would a lover, putting
  him in her mouth, running her tongue over him to get him wet for her. She pushed
  him in deeper, making herself gag, letting it play around her tonsils, her
  choking exciting her as if she were being forced to take his cock deep in her
  throat. Tears ran down her cheeks as she gagged on the hard plastic. She pulled
  Bill out, her lips wrapped tightly around him as he left, knowing that he would
  soon be between her legs, ready to quench the hot lust that she felt.  
 She lowered Bill, letting him slide over her taut stomach, playing the end
  back and forth, leaving a wet trail down her body, moving down to her bush,
  Bill tangling himself in her silky hair. She could feel the wetness between
  her legs; her lips seemed to quiver in expectation of Bill. She hit the switch,
  Bill coming to life, the familiar vibration making the muscles in her stomach
  tighten. "Yes Bill. Make me cum," she said out loud. She pulled Bill from her
  body, not wanting to touch her clit yet, loving for Bill to tease her, make
  her wet before he made her beg to cum. One hand pulled a pussy lip to the side,
  her pink insides glowing in the mirror, Bill paused above her, vibrating with
  a gentle hum. "Please Bill; touch me with your magnificent cock."  
 Her body trembled when Bill touched her, sliding up and down her slit, his
  head covered with her juices, her pussy juice mixing with her saliva to make
  him slippery. "Oh yes Bill. Stick it in me," she begged her lover, her hips
  rising up from the bed, her vagina aching for the fullness that Bill could
  bring to her body. Bill needed no more encouragement, his head pressed against
  her tight opening, teasing around the tiny hole, the gentle vibration pressing
  inward. "You're so big, I don't know if you can get it all inside me." Her
  pussy was tight, Bill always stretching her painfully, forced to service Bill,
  her pain only adding to his pleasure.  
 She flicked the switch to medium, Bill becoming more insistent now, more
  demanding of her body. He pushed in harder now, her pussy clinging to the shaft
  as she was forced to take him inside, sharp pains accompanying the feeling
  of fullness as the hard thick cock began to push aside all resistance and sink
  inside her clenching pussy. "No so fast and hard," she begged Bill, but he
  was beyond reason now, his cock taking over, intent on burying himself deep
  inside her hot, tight pussy. Her hips turned side to side, trying to make it
  more difficult for him to push in so hard, but Bill always knew where she would
  move, his cock always in the right spot to press forward.  
 He began to fuck her now, each time pulling out, her pussy clinging to the
  shaft until only the head was gripped snuggly, then he would thrust in, the
  powerful thrust would make her gasp in pain as she went from empty to full
  in seconds, each time his cock shoved farther inside her. Each time she begged
  him to go easier but he didn't seem to hear her or care, only intent on taking
  his pleasure from her body. His cock felt like it was going to come out her
  mouth, smashed painfully against her cervix, the button mysteriously on high
  now, the vibrations now intense. His fucking became more insistent, making
  her take the full measure of his cock with each thrust, her body trying to
  sink deeper into the bed to escape the painful thrusts but Bill seemed to know
  her every move, matching her motion for motion.  
 Suddenly she felt her pussy empty, Bill vibrating noisily between her legs,
  poised as she trembled in fear. "NO! NO! Not there. You know I don't like that.
  It hurts too much." She screamed out when she felt his cock move between her
  legs and run over her anus. He had forced her before, making her take the head
  of his cock in her anus until her rectum grasped onto it, the muscle clenching
  on it, attempting to force out the intruder. She hated him when he did that
  to her, knowing it brought no pleasure to her, only pain and the degradation
  of the act of sodomy. He loved the way she screamed in pain, the sounds spurring
  him on. He had only buried the head in her asshole, the burning as her anus
  was stretched to unbelievable proportions, the pain as her asshole clenched
  on his cock in response, teasing him to greater hardness. He told her he would
  soon sodomize her; dump his cum deep in her colon, teasing her before he would
  pull his cock from her asshole.  
 She opened her mouth, Bill always forcing her to take his soiled cock in
  her mouth and clean it before he would fuck her. Her tongue played over the
  foul tasting cock, licking the plastic clean, gagging as she was forced to
  service him. She was relieved when he moved down again, his cock entering her
  in one swift thrust that knocked the air from her lungs, gasps from her lips
  as she was impaled on her rigid member. He fucked her hard for over five minutes,
  moving up and down, hands gripping her pussy lips and wrapping them tightly
  around the vibrating shaft as it pumped her. Fingers grabbed her clit roughly,
  pulling it until it rubbed against Bill. "Yes! Yes! Fuck me, make me cum."  
 A glimpse of a figure outside her window was all she needed, a guest rushing
  by, embarrassed at what he saw making him move quicker. She came, came like
  only Bill could make her do, her pussy flooded with her juices, running down
  between her cheeks of her ass to soak the bed beneath her, Bill vibrating inside
  her as she clenched on and off the thundering cock that extracted such pleasure
  from her body.  
 She pulled the vibrator from her pussy, exhausted from her orgasm that had
  shaken her body, her body glistening with a coat of sweat, her breasts rising
  and falling on her chest as she tried to catch her breath. Bill lay at her
  side, his batteries dead, his lust drained from its insides. "Why do you take
  me so hard?" How come your brutality makes me cum so hard?" She quickly dozed
  off, naked and exposed on the bed.  
 Lyn stood in her luxurious motel room overlooking the coastline. She had
  been the President of Lewis Companies for over a year after an intense struggle
  for five years of moving up the ranks of the company. She had been Vice President
  of Finance for two years before finally achieving the goal she had so long
  desired, the President of a major corporation. She had to fight the prejudices,
  the glass ceiling, the stares of men that thought she slept her way to the
  top, but she had finally succeeded where few women had before.  
 The job had been everything she had thought it would be and more, challenging,
  stimulating and exceedingly overpowering her life. This is what she was contemplating
  now, her personal life, or a better choice of words would be the lack of personal
  life. The job had become ever consuming that there was little left for a personal
  life.  
 At thirty-five, Lyn still kept her looks and shape. Her blonde hair framed
  her tanned face, San Diego the city of perpetual sun, her green eyes that seemed
  to reflect that she knew something you didn't, her flawless complexion that
  needed little make-up and the countless hours of exercise along with a healthy
  diet kept her in top physical shape for her demanding job. She had little time
  for men other than work, not even sure what she was looking for any longer.
  The powerful men that would attract her were usually too old and the younger
  men lacked the power to handle a woman like herself, they seemed too weak,
  more willing to try to please her then control her. There she said it, control
  her. While a powerful figure at work, she was always overpowering, able to
  make men do whatever she wanted. That was what made her successful, but that
  is also what made most men undesirable to her. They wanted to please her. She
  wanted a man who wanted her to please him. Could that really be what she wanted?
  This is the first time that she actually said it aloud.  
 The trip was lackluster so far, business meetings with the contractors and
  the local partner, a trip to the site to check their progress, a business dinner
  and finally it was Friday night, work finished, her plane not leaving until
  Sunday afternoon. She got up from the bed to take a shower, putting a fresh
  set of batteries in Bill before she put him away, not wanting to reach for
  him and finding him unable to perform. She had arranged a local escort for
  her tonight, knowing better then to go out alone. Haiti was a male dominant
  society, women second-class citizens relegated to serving the men. Even her
  business position would have no effect on the men once the workday was over.
  She had got on the internet before she left, searching for everything she could
  learn about Haiti before she left, especially the seedier side of the country.
  In Haiti, she was relatively unknown and wouldn't be under the public eye.
  She was hoping to see some of the more perverse side of this culture.  
 She dressed carefully, a short black skirt that clung to her ass. A white
  blouse, buttons down the front, low cut leaving a generous expanse of cleavage
  showing, a white lace bra pushing her breasts up. She wore four inch heels,
  leather straps keeping them snug around her ankles, aptly named "fuck me heels".
  Underneath she was dressed to impress. A pair of low cut black panties clung
  to her hips, barely covering her patch, the material drawn tightly over her
  cheeks, her crack highlighted to perfection. The bra was a white, almost transparent
  material, her brown areolas visible underneath it, cut generously to show the
  maximum amount of cleavage, thrusting her breasts up high. But the best part
  was the stockings she wore. Black silk stockings, the black crease running
  up the back, the tops snuggled tightly into the black garter belt that clung
  to her thighs. She looked at herself in the mirror before she put on the skirt
  and blouse and whistled at her own reflection. "Bill loves that sexy body," she
  said as she turned to show off her nice buns. "I'll have to be careful or Bill
  will want to fuck me in the ass again." She laughed as she talked to herself.  
 She glanced at the clock, almost eight. She had already had dinner, room
  service bringing it up before she got dressed. She didn't want to waste the
  whole night on food, having other ideas of what she wanted to see. Her escort
  was to meet her in the bar downstairs at 8:15, Lyn finishing dressing, dabbing
  on some lovely perfume, making sure that a dab was behind her knees, hoping
  that the night would be a truly wonderful experience.  
 The bar was mostly empty, but all the male eyes were on her as her heels
  clicked across the floor, the whoosh of her thighs rubbing together as the
  stockings rubbed back and forth. She could already feel her panties getting
  moist as they stared at her, none of them ever getting to her face, most trained
  on her ass and legs, the short skirt providing the maximum exposure. She instinctively
  knew it was him, the dark stranger sitting at the end of the bar.  
 "Miguel?" She looked into his eyes, jet black knowing eyes that ran up and
  down her body as she stood before him.  
 "Yes, good evening Lyn. You are much more beautiful then I could even imagine.
  Would you like a quick drink while we discuss what you want to do tonight?  
 He looked to be about five-ten, dark black hair, about mid-forties. He was
  a mulatto, a mixture of French and Haitian. His skin was brown in contrast
  to the black skinned pure Haitians, with many European facial features. He
  was in great shape, his body fitting snuggling in the expensive slacks and
  pullover top he was wearing. His face was covered with a perpetual five o'clock
  shadow highlighting the somewhat rugged features of his face. His eyes seemed
  to burn through her as if he could see through her clothes, making her turn
  red in embarrassment as she imagined she was standing naked in front of him
  while he gazed up and down her body as he examined her.  
 "Thank you, I would love a drink. You pick it, something Haitian. And thank
  you for the compliment." She didn't comment back to him on his appearance,
  not sure if you were suppose to compliment escorts, this being something new
  to her. She sat down on the stool, her skirt riding up high on her legs, Miguel's
  eyes glued to them as she sat down. She didn't even try to pull her skirt down,
  a pointless task; the skirt was short for a reason, to show off her lovely
  legs to their advantage.  
 Miguel nodded to the bartender, a chilled glass in front of Lyn in a matter
  of minutes. She picked it up, the strong taste of rum permeating it, a blend
  of fruits mixed with it. It went down smoothly, almost too smooth, the cold
  liquid feeling as if her throat was frozen. "Very good," not bothering to ask
  what it was.  
 "What is your pleasure tonight Lyn?" Miguel knew very little of Lyn, only
  that she paid dearly for his company with no limit as to time. He could tell
  she was not married, no ring or the apparent no tan line on her ring finger
  reflecting her marital status. She could get almost anyone with a body like
  hers, so she must be important or famous and wanting something more than the
  normal tour of Haiti's night life. He had seen many like this, visiting a strange
  new country, wanting to see things that they could only imagine back in the
  cozy life in America. Well, she had come to the right place, Miguel well-versed
  in the alternative lifestyles of Haitians. He had only to ascertain her desires.  
 She cringed at his comment, her pleasure. Did he know or was it just a comment?
  She began to stammer, out of place for her, unable to say what she wanted,
  too embarrassed.  
 "Don't be embarrassed Lyn. I am here to show what you would like to see
  and I am well-versed in the many alternatives available. We have many places
  that are very sophisticated, not seedy little sex shows, but with people that
  believe in and are part of their life styles, more then willing to show others.  
 She looked into his eyes, seeing an understanding that she didn't expect.
  She cleared her throat. "I would like to go to a bondage club." Her eyes went
  down, not wanting to see his expression, her face red in shame.  
 It was almost what he had expected from her. Powerful women lived such an
  intense lifestyle, always having to be in control or masterful of the situation.
  Many sought the relief of being submissive to a male, bondage the ultimate
  submission. The relief of having all choice taken away from them bringing about
  complete surrender and ultimately intense orgasms. "A very good choice, Lyn.
  I know of a club outside town. It is an exclusive club, not open to the public.
  It is very private, by invitation only to the elite. Let me make a phone call
  and see if I can get us an invitation. Have another drink while I go make the
  call," nodding to the bartender for another drink, taking a sip of the shot
  of rum he had in front of him.  
 She finally looked up, a smile on her face as he didn't even look as though
  he was disturbed by her request as being too perverse. He seemed to take it
  as something normal. "Have you ever been there?"  
 "Numerous times for business and also for pleasure." He nodded to her, hoping
  to make her more comfortable. "They are not professionals, but normal people
  that have made bondage a part of the sexual lifestyle. It is laid out very
  extensively, with a wide range of bondage toys and equipment. Anyone is welcome
  to join in at any time and many do. I think you will find it very enjoyable
  if this is your first time. Very enjoyable." He got up from the stool, leaving
  her without waiting for an answer or a response. He made a quick phone call,
  able to easily get an invitation, especially after he described Lyn. They were
  always hoping that guests would decide to join in or volunteer.  
 "We can go now Lyn." He paid for the drinks; all expenses would be added
  to Lyn's bill later on, Miguel not having to worry about the business side,
  which would be what his wife did best. He escorted her outside, a black stretch
  limousine waiting for them, Lyn a little surprised, half expecting a taxi ride.
  She got in first, knowing that he was watching her ass as she bent over to
  get in, sliding across to sit on the other side, her short skirt barely covering
  anything as she sat down.  
 Miguel was pleased when he saw the garter belt she was wearing, her skirt
  not leaving much to the imagination. Not many women wore them any longer, Miguel
  finding them extremely sexy, the swish of silk making his cock jerk in pleasure.
  She sat across from him for the short ride out to the club, Miguel making small
  talk, Lyn getting more comfortable about where they were going. The limousine
  stopped, the driver opening the door, Miguel wanting to watch Lyn get out of
  the limousine.  
 She knew he was watching her, making sure that she bent over even deeper
  then she had to, feeling the cool air ride up the back of her legs, knowing
  she was probably flashing him a glimpse of her panty-covered pussy from behind,
  almost wagging her ass in his face. She still knew how to control men.  
 Miguel slipped a wad of bills to the cashier inside, the door opening to
  a large room, the lights slightly dimmed. It wasn't like a club; there were
  no tables, just groups of upholstered chairs, a table between them and a low
  table at their feet. Groups of chairs were spread semi-circle around a raised
  stage in the center, Lyn's eyes trying to take it all in at the same time.
  In one corner, it looked like a jail cell, complete with a locking door and
  cot. Various pieces of furniture were scattered around the stage, all with
  the express purpose of holding a female secure and open. There was a pillory,
  holes for the neck and wrists, the victim forced to bend over, more holes in
  a board on the floor to secure ankles, legs spread widely apart. Various metal
  frames and leather horses were bolted to the floor, all with leather straps
  spaced evenly around them, each adjustable to put the victim in the appropriate
  provocative position. Ropes and chains extended from the ceiling; spread bars
  on the floor, open, ready for the victim limbs. Lyn felt her pussy get wet
  at the sight.  
 "Is it what you thought it would be?" They sat down, Miguel watching Lyn's
  eyes trying to take in all that was about.  
 "I never imagined," was the only thing she could stay. A young girl came
  over to the table, a tray in her hand.  
 "Would you like something to drink?" Miguel spoke to her in French, the
  girl nodding. She pulled a pair of gleaming gold handcuffs out of her pocket,
  handing them to Miguel.  
 "Thank you." She left to get their drinks, Miguel seeing Lyn staring at
  the handcuffs.  
 "What are those for?" She was almost afraid to ask. More afraid of the answer.  
 "All the female guests in the club must wear them. It is a rule that cannot
  be broken. It helps keep the mood in the club." He snapped them open.  
 "They aren't real, are they?" They must be just props, used to set the stage.  
 "Genuine police issue, all except the gold plating. Exclusive for the club,
  nothing is too good for the female guests. Hold out your hands."  
 Lyn hesitated, not sure if he was joking or serious. He didn't move or make
  any effort to force her. He just waited for her. She looked around the room,
  a scattering of people around the chairs, about twenty or so. Most of the men
  were older, fifties and sixties, the girls were in their twenties and thirties.
  She looked; all of their wrists were secured in handcuffs, the girls adept
  at drinking and doing everything else with them on. She held out her wrists
  together in front of her, taking a deep breath as she felt the cold steel slap
  on her wrists, the ratcheting of the cuffs as Miguel tightened them. She pulled
  on her wrists, the metal chain linking them rattling, the cuffs holding firmly.
  God, she wished she could stick her hands in her panties and make herself cum.  
 "That's very good Lyn. You learn well."  
The girl brought over the drinks, this one a little different, still made
  mainly with rum, but the aftertaste was different, something she couldn't identify.
  Miguel had his usual shot of rum. She felt it burning as it went down, a little
  awkward at drinking with her hands cuffed together.  
The lights above the stage were turned on, a man and a woman suddenly bathed
  in the bright lights. The girl was about twenty-five, long black hair, dark
  brown skin that was highlighted by the brief white panties and bra she wore.
  Her arms were strung up high over her head, the golden handcuffs clipped to
  a hook hanging down from the ceiling. The hum of a motor could be heard, the
  girl's body stretching up high as her arms were pulled higher and higher until
  she was perched on her toes, balancing precariously, swinging back and forth
  when she lost her balance. The man next to her was older, at least fifty, maybe
  more. He was dressed impeccably, a slim figure for a man his age. He was Haitian,
  his skin black, sharply contrasting the girl hanging before him. The girl had
  a certain frightened look on her face, someone that had not been in this position
  before.  
"She is new here, one of the local girls that the man had taken a liking
  to. He is a Judge, a very powerful man in the province. He has a liking for
  young girls and most girls would be foolish to resist his advances. She could
  find herself before him in the court, sentenced to perform for him in one of
  the prison cells instead of here, the Judge making her available to the guards
  after he had finished with her." He looked over at Lyn, seeing her squirming
  slightly in the chair as her eyes were glued to the spectacle before her.  
The Judge spun the girl around, his hands taking liberties with her body
  as he did, grasping at her breasts, his hands on her hips and ass as he spun
  her around. He stopped her once, his hand slipping between her legs from behind
  to grip her sex, the girl letting her legs bow out slightly, still trying to
  balance on her toes. Lyn could see her hips begin to move back and forth, the
  Judge's fingers busy, sliding between her lips to saw back and forth, masturbating
  the bound girl before the audience.  
The Judge slowly stripped the girl, her face turning red in shame as she
  was slowly stripped naked before the audience, the spotlight playing up and
  down her body, showing her most intimate charms in the harsh light. When completely
  naked, more ropes were pulled down from the ceiling, one leg tied tightly at
  the ankle, the motor humming again as her leg was drawn up high, almost straight
  up until her sex was completely exposed.  
Lyn put her hand in her lap, pressing down slightly, not even caring if Miguel
  saw her, her pussy wanting so badly to cum. She looked over, Miguel staring
  at her.  
"Is your pussy wet Lyn?"  
"Yes," her hand pressing in deeper, Miguel already knowing what she was doing.  
"Remove your hands at once," he ordered her. "You are not permitted to cum
  yet," he said very matter-of-factly, as if he had made her stop doing this
  countless times before. He looked into her eyes.  
Did she dare defy him? His stare was intense, almost as if he was able to
  control her mind. She moved her hands away, squeezing her thighs together,
  anything to increase the pleasure between her legs.  
"Good girl. Now lift up your skirt, above your waist." He waited for her
  to comply.  
She lifted up her ass from the chair, but not before looking around the room,
  seeing the man next to their chairs looking at her. "He's watching."  
"Of course he is. You are a very beautiful girl. He would be stupid not to,
  especially when you are going to show him your panty covered pussy. Now raise
  up your skirt. I won't tell you again." His voice became sterner.  
She looked at Miguel, hoping the ignore the man next to them, lifting up
  her hips, sliding the tight fitting skirt up, hearing some of the threads in
  the seam breaking as she struggled to get it up. She finally got it to her
  waist, the material twisted. She looked down, her panties wet in the front,
  her thighs clenched tightly together.  
"I love the garter belt and stockings Lyn. Do you always wear them?" Very
  few girls wore them nowadays even though they were the sexiest thing he could
  imagine a girl in, especially if her panties were off. They seemed to frame
  their pussies, drawing attention to their treasures.  
"No, this is the first time." She wasn't even sure why she wore them. Did
  she secretly hope that she would be stripped like this?  
"Spread your legs apart Lyn. Your pussy is too lovely to be clenched tightly
  together. I want your legs always spread, your pussy available." He was very
  adamant in his command; this was the way it was to be.  
She did as he said, her legs moving until they touched the edges of the chair.
  She looked down, her lips barely visible beneath the tight panties. Miguel
  seemed to be satisfied, his eyes now turned back to the stage.  
The girl had a ball gag in her mouth now, her voice silenced. The Judge was
  working on her pussy. With one leg in the air, she was open, her lips parted,
  her pink pussy contrasting with her brown skin. She was dancing on one foot
  as the Judge spanked her pussy, his large hand sliding up from the floor to
  slap harshly on her sex, her muffled cries silenced by the ball gag. She must
  have received over twenty slaps before the Judge stopped. But it was only temporary,
  her ass receiving a spanking next. Her cheeks went from pink to red as the
  punishment continued, over forty slaps until the Judge began to concentrate
  on her asshole, the last ten hitting her unprotected hole, her body jerking
  back and forth with each blow.  
"Have you ever been spanked before Lyn? Sexually spanked to make your pussy
  wet?" He knew the answer.  
She shook her head no, looking at him, afraid of what he was contemplating.  
Miguel leaned over her, his hand sliding up her naked leg, Lyn's bound hands
  useless in front of her. She jumped when he touched her pussy, sliding lightly
  over her bush before moving down to rub along her lips. He pinched her lips
  between his fingers, hearing her gasp loudly. Her legs began to close. "Keep
  your legs open. I won't tell you twice." They parted again, his fingers sliding
  up and down her slit, feeling the moisture.  
Lyn closed her eyes as his fingers played with her pussy, trying to raise
  her hips up, wanting his fingers to push between her lips, wanting him to masturbate
  her.  
"Open your eyes," he ordered her. He removed his hands, sitting back in the
  chair.  
Lyn looked at the stage again, the naked girl now in a pillory, her head
  and arms in the round holes, a large metal lock securing her tightly. The man
  was behind her, kneeling down, putting her ankles in the wooden pillory on
  the floor, moving on to the other ankle, pulling her legs apart as if they
  were a wishbone, snapping them tightly in place. Her legs were exaggeratedly
  pulled apart, her cheeks open, her pussy and anus peeking out from behind,
  a spotlight shining on her most intimate parts for all to see.  
The man hit a button, the pillory with her arms and head beginning to lower,
  the girl having no choice but to push her ass out and bow her legs to keep
  from breaking her knees. You could see her struggle as the man continued to
  lower her until her head was below her waist, her ass thrust up as if she was
  offering her asshole up to be sodomized. He patted her red cheeks, his finger
  sliding up and down her pussy from behind, getting his finger wet. His finger
  slid up higher until he encircled her anus, a tiny star barely as big as his
  finger. He rubbed her anus, watching her tiny hole clench and unclench from
  the rude fondling, a gasp from her muffled lips as his finger suddenly breached
  the hole and sank into her rectum. Her hips twisted and turned as the fingers
  corkscrewed inside her, massaging the muscle. She didn't seem to care for brutal
  intrusion inside her, but could do nothing but suffer the fingering.  
The Judge's other hand began to play with her pussy, sliding up and down
  her slit, two fingers suddenly thrust inside her vagina, aided by her juices.
  His other finger continued to violate her asshole, the fingers meeting inside
  her as the Judge performed the duel masturbation of her bound body. Her body
  began to jerk about as the Judge masturbated her, whispering into her ear as
  he did. It took five minutes, but the girl finally succumbed to the Judge,
  three fingers fucking her pussy, two in her asshole, spreading her open, her
  body shuddering as she came for the audience. The sound of the Judge's wet
  fingers fucking her rang out in the quiet room as she came, her muffled screams
  of pleasure breaking the silence, her pussy and asshole seemed to be swallowing
  the masturbating digits. She finally slumped down, her body drained. The lights
  dimmed, the sound of the girl being released, the pair of them leaving the
  stage, the Judge eager for the girl to service his cock now.  
Miguel reached between Lyn's legs again, his fingers gripping her sex like
  he would a bowling ball. "Did you enjoy watching that?" He knew the answer,
  her panties were drenched.  
"Yes. Are they finished now?" She hoped not, she wanted more.  
"It is time for another couple. Get up." It was not a question, it was an
  order.  
She looked at him. He couldn't be serious. Did he really expect her to get
  up there and be stripped naked in front of everyone and ultimately masturbated?
  She saw it in his eyes. He was demanding it of her. He didn't try to force
  her, just waited patiently while her mind raced with all the mental images
  that flashed through her brain. She stood up, not even sure if she did it or
  why she did. She tugged her skirt back down, smoothing out the wrinkles. All
  eyes were on them as she started to walk towards the stage, the gentle sway
  of her hips and the sharp staccato of her heels on the floor seemed to mesh
  into a rhythm. Miguel was next to her, his hand holding her elbow as he guided
  her to the center of the room. She looked into the eyes of the strangers that
  watched her, the men's eyes watching her body as she moved, the girl's all
  looking into her eyes, commiserating but envious of what she was about to endure.
  She felt strange, her wrists gripped tightly in the golden handcuffs as she
  moved closer to the wide range of bondage furniture and equipment that would
  soon be used on her body.  
Miguel helped her up the stairs, the spotlights shining brightly again on
  the stage. He looked into her eyes, seeing the uncertainty. "Everything will
  be okay," he whispered in her. "I will make sure you enjoy yourself." He turned
  her facing the audience. "I think they want to see your lovely body first.
  Raise your hands above your head."  
She obeyed, feeling her breasts pulling upward. Miguel was behind her, pressing
  up against her, feeling his cock rubbing on her cheeks. Her body was stretched
  up tall. It tickled for a minute, his hands sliding along her side, Lyn fighting
  the urge to giggle. She felt his powerful hands reach around and cup her breasts
  so protectively, his large hands easily able to encircle them.  
"Such lovely tits you have Lyn," he whispered into her ear, his hips sliding
  back and forth across her ass. "Are you nipples hard?" He didn't wait for an
  answer, his finger searching for the harden tips, Lyn arching her back, thrusting
  her proud breasts out into his hands. He pinched them, the tips already poking
  through the thin bra and blouse. He pinched harder, a soft moan from Lyn's
  mouth as the pressure increased. "Do you like a little pain with your pleasure?" She
  didn't answer, but her back arched more, pushing her nipples into his fingertips
  harder, her body responding. "I have just the thing for you," he teased her.  
She felt his fingers molding her breasts, his powerful hands clenching and
  unclenching on her tender breasts, tasting their resiliency. She arched her
  ass into his crotch, rubbing against his hard cock that throbbed in his pants.
  Would he fuck her in front of everyone? His fingers moved down the front of
  her blouse, expertly unbuttoning the white blouse, his finger tracing along
  the naked skin revealed after each button, sending shivers and goose bumps
  on her skin. He peeled the blouse back, revealing the thin white bra. She looked
  down, able to make out her dark brown areolas, her nipples pushing out the
  thin fabric, feeling almost naked already.  
Miguel had to pull back from her body, his fingers quickly finding the catch
  of her bra and making short work of it, his hips thrust forward again, sliding
  his throbbing cock sensuously over her ass cheeks. "Put your hands down, we
  need to take off your handcuffs so I can get your blouse and bra off. We are
  dying to see your naked tits." He quickly un-cuffed her, the cuffs falling
  noisily to the floor, her arms hanging uselessly to her side.  
His hands returned to her front, stripping the blouse slowly from her shoulders,
  letting it slide down her arms, throwing it over into the corner. He returned
  to her bra, letting the straps slide down her arms, Lyn's hands instinctively
  coming up to cover her breasts, Miguel letting her do it.  
She could feel her hot flesh beneath her hands, her hard nipples pressed
  into her palm as she stood there, the light blazing on her half naked body.  
"Remove your hands. Put them over your head. Arch up your tits for us Lyn."  
She closed her eyes, her hands sliding off her naked breasts, pushing them
  over her head, her back arched, the cool air rushing over her breasts making
  her nipples so hard she thought they would burst. She could feel all the eyes
  on her half naked body, a strange tingle between her legs as she was paraded
  before the audience.  
Miguel's hands returned, his calloused fingers plucking at her nipples as
  she shivered in lust, his hands hefting up her large globes in his palms, bouncing
  them slightly. He let his fingertips play back and forth over the rubbery nipples,
  slapping at them with his fingernails, seeing her body jerk in pain when a
  sharp nail rubbed over the tender flesh. "Play with your nipples while I strip
  you naked."  
His hands went down to the edge of her skirt, gripping it and slowly began
  to pull it up. Lyn obeyed, her fingers moving down to rub gently over her nipples
  as she stood submissively before the audience. The tops of her stockings were
  slowly revealed, the awes could be heard when the garter belt was revealed,
  many girls in the audience would be sporting them tomorrow, gifts from the
  men after seeing how sexy Lyn looked in them Miguel pulled it above her waist
  again, holding it while they audience admired her. He saw her fingers exciting
  her nipples more than he could have; the tips had to be over an inch long,
  sharp and pointed. He turned her skirt around, finding the clasp and zipper,
  letting it fall to the floor, Lyn kicking it to one side.  
"Turn around," he ordered her, Lyn obeying, staring eye to eye with Miguel.
  He moved to the side, leaving her facing the mirror covered wall, the audience
  staring back at her. "Spread your legs."  
She almost came when she heard the words. She didn't hesitate, letting her
  legs part. Miguel's hands moved to her ass cheeks, sliding over the tight flesh
  molded in her tight, black panties. "Such a lovely ass," he said loudly. He
  slapped her cheek, Lyn jumping suddenly at the unexpected occurrence. "Built
  for punishment," again Miguel speaking to the audience. Five more sharp slaps
  rang out in the room, alternating between her cheeks, feeling Lyn jerk at each
  slap. "Is your pussy wet?"  
She turned towards him, whispering. "Yes." She wasn't sure why, but the burning
  pain of the spanking so close to her pussy brought about such a strange feeling
  between her legs.  
Miguel let his fingers slide into the top of the panties, sliding them down
  over her cheeks to sit right underneath her hillocks, her naked pink cheeks
  staring out. It was a treat in the club to have a white woman, even more to
  have one stripped naked, most of the girls light brown skinned. "Such smooth
  skin. Welts would show up nicely against the white skin." He continued to caress
  her ass, running over each cheek, feeling her tighten her muscles when he tried
  to pull her cheeks apart.  
She tightened her ass cheeks when his finger slid up and down her crack,
  teasing her. She was embarrassed enough, not wanting him to expose her anus
  to the club. He ignored her attempts, his hand sliding down lower, to the juncture
  of her thighs, pushing the panties lower. She felt his fingers touch her pussy,
  finding her soaked in anticipation. She needed to cum and didn't even care
  if he masturbated her in front of the crowd.  
"Turn around now. Let's have a look at your lovely pussy." She turned around,
  her panties still down behind her.  
She heard the words again.  
"Spread your legs."  
She didn't hesitate, letting them part, feeling Miguel behind her again,
  this time his cock rubbing against her naked ass cheeks. She didn't even clench
  her cheeks when she felt his cock rubbing her crack, the rough material of
  his pants rubbing over her exposed anus, feeling her tiny hole go into a series
  of spasms, Lyn unable to control it.  
Miguel's hand slid down over her taut stomach, sliding lower as Lyn allowed
  her legs to open wider, giving him greater access to her aroused pussy. She
  thought she could cum if he just touched her there. His fingers outlined her
  puffy lips, pinching them, little gasps coming from her mouth as they were
  mistreated, the pinching fingers pulling them outward, her panties sliding
  between. She felt one fat finger run up and down her slit, the panties pushed
  between them soaked with her juices, her hips beginning a gentle fucking as
  she let him masturbate her.  
Miguel's fingers caught the top of her panties, slowly sliding them down,
  her bush first revealed, her natural blonde hair so fine that it was barely
  visible, giving her a bald look like a little girl. Lower her panties went,
  a murmur from the audience as her slit was finally revealed, Miguel letting
  them slide all the way down until they got hung up in her garter belt. A snip
  and the silky garment fell to the floor, a small knife cutting the sides.  
"Now spread your legs real wide. Show everyone your sweet pussy." His hands
  held her hips as she let her legs shuffle wider, Miguel whispering in her ear, "more" each
  time until he was satisfied, her legs now at least three feet apart.  
His hand returned to her pussy, fingers on each side grasping one of her
  lips and pulling, her pink insides gradually revealed, her juices glistening
  in the bright lights. "Such a lovely pink pussy. I know exactly what it needs."  
Lyn turned when she heard the noise behind her, two men bringing over a large
  table to the center of the stage and then leaving, but not before they admired
  her naked body. She felt even more exposed, her garter belt and stockings highlighting
  her naked sex.  
"On your back on the table Lyn." He helped her up, seeing her cringe as her
  back hit the cold wooden table. "I'll warm you up soon," teasing her. He pulled
  her arms behind her, the golden handcuffs placed on them again.  
She felt a tug as her cuffs where attached to something behind her, pulling
  her arms out straight behind her. A large leather belt was placed around her
  slim waist, Miguel tightening it, pinning her to the table.  
"Let's go those lovely tits in a better position." He pushed a bolster under
  her back, her breasts forced to arch up grotesquely as if they were pushing
  toward the sky. "Yes, so much more available." He moved between her tightly
  clenched legs. "We can do better then that Lyn. The audience can't see your
  treasures.  
She felt him moving at her ankles, unable to see what he was doing but she
  could feel leather being tightened around her slim ankles. She looked up, two
  pulleys slowly lowering black metal hooks toward her ankles, fearing what they
  would do. She didn't have time to think much more, Miguel clipping the hooks
  on each of her ankles, the gentle hum of the motors beginning. She looked up,
  not only the ropes were drawing up towards the ceiling, but the motors began
  to move to the sides, each one going to the opposite direction. She felt her
  legs beginning to slowly rise up into the air. Not only that but they began
  to part, each leg pulled in the opposite direction. Her legs were slowly being
  drawn up high, but also spread, spread farther then she would have done.  
Miguel watched between her legs as her pussy was methodically spread for
  the audience, the motors not caring about her discomfort separating her thighs,
  raising her legs up higher and higher. He saw her begin to struggle as the
  spread of her legs increased, moving wider and wider. Her pussy lips began
  to spread apart, her ass beginning to rise up from the table, the belt the
  only thing that kept her secured. He stopped the motor.  
She felt so exposed, even worse than in a doctor's office when she had to
  put her feet in the dreaded stirrups. She couldn't see, but her crotch ached
  from the spread of her legs, knowing her pussy was grossly exposed. Even her
  cheeks would not stay closed, Lyn clenching them tight, groaning as she tried
  to hide her anus from the audience. She felt Miguel's hands run up and down
  her thighs, slowly teasingly get closer and closer to her pussy. She felt the
  electric touch of his fingers on her pussy, her body shuddering in pleasure
  as he slid up and down her slit, rubbing over her vagina, slick with her juices.  
He could see her clit, the spread of her legs exposing the hard bud to the
  bright lights. No, he wouldn't touch her there yet. He had other plans first.
  She would have to experience the pain before she would receive the pleasure.  
She screamed loud, the sudden impact of his hand exploding on her spread
  pussy shocking her back to reality. He rubbed her pussy for a minute before
  she felt it leave, knowing what was going to happen. He was spanking her pussy;
  her bound position should have alerted her to his intentions.  
"Count them or I'll start at the beginning again." He slapped her between
  her legs again, his palm already wet from her pussy.  
"Two," she cried out. Her sex was ablaze in pain, his hand hitting her with
  such a force. How could he do that to her? But she had let him, letting him
  put her in such a vulnerable position, what did she expect him to do? "Three," she
  screamed in pain, his hand returning to massage her inflamed pussy. Each time
  she felt his hand leave she braced her body for the next inevitable slap, each
  time the pain greater then she could even imagine.  
"Nineteen," tears from her eyes as he continued to slap her pussy, sometimes
  hitting her tender inside thighs, but always returning to slap her pussy. She
  could feel her pussy lips swell up, giving him a bigger target, the skin so
  sensitive that even his hand caressing her pussy between spankings made her
  tighten her body in pain.  
"Twenty" she cried out. His hand lingering longer then usual, a fat finger
  sliding along her lips, getting her wet. Was he finished?  
She heard the hum of the motors, Miguel loosening the belt around her waist
  so the ropes could draw her legs up higher, Lyn's ass completely pulled from
  the table, hung like a piece of meat for all to view. Her cheeks were spread,
  her anus exposed, the cool air blowing on it as she hung there waiting for
  the unexpected.  
Miguel grabbed the fifteen inch plastic ruler from the edge of the table,
  pulling it back until it bent almost all the way back. He watched her eyes
  as he let it go, the end quickly flying through the air, snapping back harshly. "Twenty
  on your asshole Lyn." He said it loudly, seeing her attempt to clench her cheeks,
  the ropes preventing all but a token resistance.  
She braced herself for the inevitable pain, but she couldn't fathom the depth
  of his depravity. She heard the swoosh of the ruler, the rush of air and then
  the sudden shock as the end of the ruler stopped harshly on her asshole, slapping
  harshly against the tender hole. It felt like someone was trying to jam a log
  up her asshole, her anus more sensitive then she could ever imagine. The pain
  shot up to her brain, a scream tore from her lips as her asshole burned. "One," she
  barely remembered to shout out. No, don't, his finger pressed against her anus,
  slowly circling the wrinkled opening, applying pressure to the exposed hole.
  But the removal of his finger was just as bad, the swoosh of the ruler breaking
  the silence, the sharp sting of the unyielding plastic against her spread hole,
  the sudden pain on impact. "Two," she cried out in pain.  
Miguel let his finger play around her anus, seeing the tiny hole clenching
  and unclenching, the pain making her asshole dance for his pleasure. She didn't
  even squirm when he rudely fondled her asshole, preferring his massaging finger
  to the harsh slap of the plastic ruler. By the tenth slap, his fingers began
  to enter her asshole, the red hole now impaled on his thick finger, his finger
  deep in her rectum, massaging the clenching muscle as she squirmed under his
  probing.  
"Fifteen," she cried out, tears covering her cheeks. The air was pushed from
  her lungs as his finger impaled her asshole again, this time the squirming
  digit digger deeper into her colon, twisting and turning inside her. Her asshole
  burned, the constant barrage of pain from the ruler coupled with his probing
  finger was taking its toll on her body.  
"Nineteen." Two fingers now impaled her swollen asshole, the digits going
  deep inside her, twisting and turning, sharp pains as Miguel spread them cruelly
  inside her, forcing her anal tract to spread wide.  
"Twenty." The last was the worst; Miguel seemed to put all of his strength
  behind the last one, her anus already red and swollen slapped harshly by the
  rigid plastic.  
"Would you like me to make you cum Lyn?" His hand went to her pussy, finding
  it drenched, her juices already leaking down between her legs, a wet spot on
  the table beneath her.  
"Please, please, make me cum." Her body was so ready for his fingers. She
  had to cum, no longer caring who was watching her.  
Miguel's fingers pushed on the edges of her vagina, spreading her open, feeling
  the tightness of her wet pussy as he struggled to open her up. Her tight pussy
  slowly spread open, his fingers keeping her hole open wide. He began to push
  in, keeping her spread as he did.  
It felt like a big cock going inside her, his fingers spread wide, pushing
  in deeper and deeper. She was so wet. It was the position that he had placed
  her in, hung up, her feet high up in the air, her legs spread obscenely wide,
  all of her treasures exposed. It was humiliating, but also exciting, knowing
  that the audience was watching Miguel masturbating her, knowing that they would
  see her cum, their eyes riveting on her pussy as she did. "AAAHHH," his fingers
  plunging deep inside her vagina, corkscrewing in and out, the sound of her
  juices ringing out in the room as he began to finger fuck her. His other hand
  went up to her clit, pulling her clit hood aside, his fingers on each side
  of her swollen organ, pressing inward, pinching it between his powerful fingers,
  his other hand continuing to fuck her with three fingers now, the fat digits
  twisting and turning inside her.  
He could feel her pussy grip his fingers so tight, if only the club didn't
  have a rule about no fucking any of the bound girls his cock would be doing
  the fucking, not his fingers. Her passage was so hot and tight, even with the
  abundance of cr&egrave;me she was putting out, he had to force his fingers
  in each time. He pinched her clit harder until he heard her moan. His finger
  began to slap the hard bud back and forth, his fingernail rubbing along the
  sensitive morsel as her body bounced up and down. He could see it in her face,
  she was ready to cum.  
He had her almost there, her body strung tightly on the edge of a tremendous
  orgasm. Then she felt some of his fingers leave her vagina, the other hand
  still rubbing her clit. One finger slid down her slit, Lyn knowing where it
  was going, unable or not wanting to stop him as it crept slowly towards her
  asshole. She felt it rub the abused hole, still swollen and sensitive from
  the ruler, beginning to spasm again, Lyn unable to control her own muscles.
  It pushed in, slowly spreading her anus open again, the burning returning,
  inch by inch in crept into her bowels, his other fingers buried deep in her
  vagina, only a tiny membrane separating the two. He began to pump her with
  his fingers, her pussy and asshole now being reamed by his fingers, her clit
  yanked and pulled. That was all she needed, her body began to shudder, her
  nipples hardened. She came, came like she never had before, seeing in her mind
  all of the men watching her pussy and asshole impaled on Miguel's fingers,
  Lyn bound like a two dollar whore, masturbated to orgasm for their enjoyment.
  Her pussy and asshole clenched on the fingers inside her, sucking them deeper
  inside, sweat breaking out on her body, her juices soaking Miguel's fingers,
  sliding down between her legs to soak the finger in her asshole, Miguel able
  to shove his fingers in deeper, aided by her juices.  
Miguel watched her body hump on his fingers as she came, twisting and turning
  them inside her, making her feel them deep inside her. She clenched so tightly
  he had to push hard to get them back inside, but inside he did, deeper then
  before, his fingers rubbing harshly over her inner walls. She came for long
  minutes, each time he thought she had finished; he pinched her clit hard, and
  twisted his long finger in her asshole until her body arched up again in another
  orgasm. Finally she stopped, her body drained. Miguel pulled his fingers out
  of her slowly. He untied her and helped her to the table, Lyn sitting naked
  in the chair, soaking the seat beneath her with her juices.  
They left the club, Lyn naked, Miguel parading her through the club, a dog
  collar around her neck, a short lease to keep her in line. He let the limousine
  driver get a long look at her naked body, making Lyn crawl into the back seat,
  her naked ass wagging like a dog. He took her back to her room through the
  beach entrance, none of the guests lucky enough to catch a glimpse of her naked
  body only bound by the collar around her neck. He left her slumped in her bed,
  exhausted from the night.  
It had been two weeks since her return from Haiti, many nights she thought
  of that night, Bill able to quench her new found desires. She picked up her
  mail, opening the bill for the escort service. Two thousand dollars, sitting
  at the desk, her checkbook open. Two thousand dollars to be stripped naked,
  humiliated and masturbated in front of a large group of strangers, forced to
  cum for their pleasure. She wrote out the check, two thousand-five hundred
  dollars, five hundred dollar tip for Miguel. She smiled, her hand moving under
  her skirt.  
The End  
READ MY NEW NOVEL NOW ON SALE AT RENAISSANCE E-BOOKS.   
"TEACHING THE AU PAIR TO
      SUBMIT"   
RENAISSANCE
E-BOOKS   
RIGHT CLICK ON LINK TO OPEN
      OR    
GO TO http://renebooks.com/   
Twenty-three year
    old Jessica is the consummate full-time college student surviving on scholarships
    with little time or money for anything else, except her fantasies of the
    tall, dark stranger. Facing a jobless summer and no family to fall back on,
    she begins to worry about her prospects. &nbsp;   
When her professor
    catches her having yet another of her blatantly sexual daydreams during one
    of his lectures, he realizes she is a suitable candidate in his hunt to help
    his very prominent, wealthy, long-time friend. Michael Jergen seeks a beautiful,
    young, female Au-Pair for his four-year-old son while they spend the summer
    in his house in Haiti. Knowing Michael's insatiable appetite for beautiful,
    supple, young females and noting Jessica's apparently unfulfilled needs displayed
    so brazenly in class, he realizes she's the perfect choice.   
When her professor
    offers her the chance to apply for a lucrative Au-Pair position for a young
    child in Haiti, Jessica sees all of her prayers answered. She jumps at the
    chance, seeking a summer of adventure in a new land and the opportunity to
    make some extra money and learn of another culture all at the same time.
    Surely having the professor take advantage of her young body and touch her
    so intimately in order to get the job was a one-time deal; a small price
    to pay for a summer of wealth and luxury in a foreign land with a handsome
    and powerful man like Michael Jergen.   
&nbsp;Unbeknownst
    to Jessica, her sexual fantasies are about to take on a life of their own
    as her introduction into submission begins the moment she steps into Michael's
    world of discipline, mastery and pleasures of the flesh. So commences her
    journey into a whirlwind world of sex, submission, punishment and the mystique
    of Haiti's legendary Voodoo rituals.   
M/f,
      B/D, reluctant, humil, D/s   
Excerpt   
The next day she dressed in the new
    underwear Michael had given her, her body shivering as she slipped into the
    panties. They were his present to her, the silky material touching her intimate
    sex. She put on the high heels, the straps pulled tightly around her ankles.
    It felt strange for a while; it was as if they were bound to her feet. Her
    pussy got wet at the thought of it.   
She and Jerome were playing in the sunroom
    when Michael came in. Jerome instantly stopped and ran to his father, yelling, "Daddy,
    Daddy!"   
They hugged and talked, Jessica still
    sitting on the floor as they did, watching the bond between father and son.
    One of the maids came into the room. "Jerome, why don't you go into the kitchen
    and have a snack? I think they have some ice cream for you."   
Jerome howled, dragging the maid's hand,
    rushing her toward the kitchen, leaving Jessica and Michael alone in the
    room, the door closing noisily behind them.   
"Did you get my presents, Jessica?" Michael
    sat in the large leather chair, watching her as she sat on the floor.   
"Yes, Sir, thank you very much. I really
    appreciate it," she smiled up at him.   
"You surprise me, Jessica."   
"How so, Sir?"   
"I noticed you were wearing stockings
    and a garter belt. Most girls opt for the more convenient&nbsp;pantyhose.
    I personally hate them. While they do look good outside the skirt, under
    the skirt they are plain awful. As far as panty lines, I tend to love panty
    lines, I love to see the outline of what is encompassing the sexy flesh under
    the skirt."   
She blushed a little. "I just started
    wearing them when I came here, Sir," she said, admitting to herself that
    she did it purposely for him.   
Michael smiled again. "I like that in
    a girl, Jessica. A desire to please others. Do you like to do that, Jessica?
    Does it make you feel sexy when you perform for others?"   
"Perform, Sir?"   
"Yes, Jessica, perform. To do what others
    tell you to do, whether you like it or not, knowing that you are sexually
    arousing them."   
"I never thought of it that way, Sir."   
"Did you enjoy it when I was watching
    your skirt slide up your legs yesterday?"   
She lowered her eyes to the floor, trying
    to hide the blush coming over her. He was asking her very intimate questions.
    Yet again, she found herself answering personal questions when she wasn't
    even sure why, never mind why she was responding truthfully. "Yes, Sir, it
    made me feel very sexy that a man of your stature was interested in my body."   
"You are a very beautiful girl, Jessica.
    And from what I can see you have a very lovely body." He felt his cock cramped
    in his shorts, not wanting to rearrange it, Jessica's eyes glued to his.   
"Stand up, Jessica." He paused, to see
    if she would obey.   
She got to her feet, her eyes still
    glued to his. She stood there, uncomfortable, her hands hanging uselessly
    at her sides.   
"Would you like to show me your garter
    belt, Jessica?"   
She hesitated, her eyes staring directly
    at his. Should she? If she did, she was not sure she could ever go back.
    She shuffled her feet, her eyes lowered to the floor again, embarrassed at
    his request.   
Michael did not wait for an answer. "Slowly
    lift up your skirt for me, Jessica," he ordered her.   
Her hands went to the bottom of her
    short skirt, grabbing it tightly in her hands and began to slowly pull it
    up her legs.   
"Look at me when you do it, Jessica.
    There is no reason to be embarrassed. I'm sure you have a lovely body."   
She let her head rise, her eyes meeting
    his, the smile on his face.   
She held the skirt higher, seeing Michael
    grabbing his cock in his pants as he watched her. She knew that she was the
    cause of it, able to make out the bulge in his pants, able to tell that his
    cock was big, though not sure how big. She could feel her panties getting
    wet, hoping that he would not be able to tell from where he was sitting.
    She looked down, her legs now naked, the skirt riding up above her stockings,
    the garter belt beginning to show. She stopped, looking up at him again.   
"You can do better than that, Jessica.
    I want to see all of it. Pull it above your waist," he ordered her.   
Jessica shivered, even though the sun
    was shining brightly through the windows, the room warm. The door was closed
    but anyone outside would be able to see her. "I'm afraid someone will see
    me through the windows, Sir," she said nervously, still holding her skirt
    up, afraid to let it fall back down again.   
He looked at her, holding her skirt
    up, her legs almost naked, trembling like a schoolgirl. "Don't worry about
    anyone else, Jessica. You are performing for me, not them. Now lift up your
    skirt higher."   
He used that
    word again&mdash;perform. Yes, that is what she was doing. She slowly let
    her skirt rise up higher, his eyes moving from hers down to below her waist
    as she was slowly revealed to him.   
Michael watched
    her garter belt come into view, framing her panty-covered sex. He could almost
    make&nbsp;out her pussy lips, the silk panties pulled tightly over her shapely
    form. He had never seen anything as sexy as this, especially when she was
    doing&nbsp;it herself. It was not as if&nbsp;she was his wife or girlfriend,
    or even&nbsp;one of the Haitian servants. She was a very intelligent girl
    slowly revealing her body to him. And he was sure that&nbsp;she would do
    even more. He would find out in the days to come. "Very beautiful, Jessica.
    A little higher, above your waist. I want to see&nbsp;everything."   
Her arms pulled
    her skirt up high, until she was standing, half-naked, her legs perched on
    the high heels that he loved. She suddenly turned her head, seeing a figure
    out of the corner of her eye. She dropped her skirt, the&nbsp;garment re-covering
    her nakedness. She had seen the gardener, an older man, cutting a hedge outside
    the window. He was looking at her, obviously having seen her with her skirt
    up.   
"Did I say
    you could let it fall, Jessica?" Michael questioned her in a stern voice.   
She looked
    back at him. "But, Sir, he saw me."   
"I don't blame
    him for looking at you. It's probably been a long time since he has seen
    such a beautiful young girl lifting her skirt for him. And I haven't finished
    yet. Lift it up again, Jessica, quickly before Jerome comes back."   
She looked
    at the gardener, his eyes still fixed on her as if he knew what Michael was
    making her do. She looked back at Michael, searching for an excuse not to
    do as he asked, but seeing only lust in his eyes. Her hands went down to
    the edge of her skirt again, letting it slowly rise up until it was above
    her waist again.   
"So lovely,
    Jessica. Turn to the side, toward the window and look straight ahead."   
She knew what
    he was doing. He was forcing her to show herself to the gardener. She hesitantly
    turned, her skirt pulled up high, her half naked legs clad in the garter
    belt, toward the gardener. She saw the surprise on his face as she looked
    into his eyes, ashamed at exposing herself so blatantly.   
"Spread you
    legs a little, Jessica, and let me see your lovely inner thighs," he ordered
    her.   
She shuffled
    her feet, nervous at his request, but she complied, her legs spreading over
    two feet wide. She saw the amazed look on the gardener's face, as it appeared
    that she was posing just for him.   
"Turn with your back to me. Let me see
    that lovely ass."   
She saw his hand reach down to his trousers,
    grabbing his cock, stroking it as her panty-covered ass was exposed to him.   
"Legs apart again, Jessica."   
At least she did not have to see anyone's
    face anymore, the humiliation almost too much for her, exposing her body
    to Michael and the old gardener.   
"Bend over, let your panties tighten
    across your ass cheeks, Jessica. Keep your legs spread as you do." He stroked
    his cock harder, feeling it jerk as she complied, her head moving toward
    the ground, her hair falling. Her panties pulled tightly over her cheeks,
    the crack showing, her pussy outlined by the silk material pulled between
    her lips.   
The sound of screaming and the door
    opening scared Jessica, pulling her back up quickly, her skirt falling down,
    covering her nakedness.   
"Jessica, let's play outside," Jerome
    screamed, running up and grabbing her hand. "Can I play with Jessica, Daddy?
    She plays soooo good," he hollered, his stomach full, the sugar increasing
    his energy.   
"Of course you may, Jerome. Jessica
    is here to play with you. And yes, she does play good, doesn't she?" He smiled
    at Jessica as she was pulled from the room.   
Jessica could feel how wet her panties
    were. The encounter with Michael and the gardener, while humiliating, was
    so exciting. She wasn't sure why, but he was right. She did enjoy performing
    for him. Later, in bed, she masturbated again, imagining that Jerome had
    not come back so quickly. Michael would have come over to her, rubbing his
    hands all over her body, fondling her young flesh until he made her cum.
    Her body shuddered as a powerful orgasm overcame her.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





