BDSM Library - Vacation Bound




Vacation Bound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband punished by wife on a long drive. Silky bondage abounds.VACATION BOUND   
by bound bob   
   
   
 Why are the days just prior to vacation so stressful? It seems every time
  we are going on vacation my wife and I fight. Work always seems to get most
  unbearable right before vacation too. Our most recent vacation was no exception.
  Both the Mrs. and myself were working 12 hour days just so we could go on a
  three day vacation.  
 The evening before we were to depart for a three-day vacation on the rocky
  coast of Maine my wife and I got into an argument over money. These days money
  always seems to be tight. In our household my wife is pretty much in charge
  and that goes for all our money matters too. I cannot remember when was the
  last time I saw my pay check. Our argument ended when I said something I had
  no right to say and although I apologized immediately, I already knew I was
  going to get the silent treatment. All I didn't know was how long she would
  be angry with me. I had hoped it would not be the entire vacation.  
 My wife and I do not have your normal relationship; in fact I have no words
  to describe it. She is a very dominant and strong-willed woman. I am sexually
  submissive and have a very kinky streak running through me. She is defiantly
  the boss in the family although she would never call herself a Domme or Mistress.
  Since I am sexually submissive she has become very sexually dominant. Sex is
  all about her, which pleases me to no end. I confided in my wife my sexual
  likes and fetishes and introduce her to the joys of scarf bondage, strap-ons
  and spankings. I do the cooking, dishes, laundry (not the ironing), most of
  the driving and shopping, I massage her entire body, give her pedicures. A
  vanilla couple would probably call us a BDSM couple while a BDSM couple may
  call us vanilla.  
 We have been going to Maine every year for the past 20 years. We always
  stay at the same hotel, which is made up of very nice individual cabins. Backing
  the cabins is a thick grove of pine trees. A path through these trees leads
  to the rocky cliffs and the Atlantic Ocean. At night you can hear the waves
  crash on the rocks and the distant mournful wail of a foghorn.  
 We like to start the 6-hour drive to Maine at 1:00 a.m. It is so much easier
  getting through the traffic of the New Jersey/ New York metropolitan area during
  this time. I awoke from a short nap at midnight and took a shower. When I got
  out of the shower, my wife was in her shower. On our bed she had laid out the
  clothes I was to wear on the trip. On top of the clothes was an emerald green
  thong we had purchased from Victoria Secret. I knew then she was still angry
  with me. The thong was the largest size Victoria Secret sells but it was still
  too small for me. The material was the silkiest I have ever felt of any woman's
  panties, but the tightness of the thong and it riding deep into my butt crack
  will make the drive an extremely uncomfortable one. I counted my blessings
  that she had not laid out the butt-plug.  
 I put the thong on but hesitated to rub my fingers over the silkiness. Then
  the polo shirt and jeans followed. I loaded up our large suitcase in the car.
  Next came our 'toy bag', which I wondered what she had packed in it. After
  loading a few extraneous items, I sat in the car and waited for my wife. It
  was 12:52 a.m.  
 At 1:00 on the dot my wife came out the door carrying her oversized pocketbook
  and secured the front door. She had something else in her hand but in the darkness
  I could not make out what it was.  
 As she entered the car I could see it was several scarves and a pair of
  her satin panties.  
 "I am still very angry with you and have decided you need to be punished",
  she said curtly.  
 Pulling the panties out of the pile she said, "Open wide". I did and she
  stuffed the large satin panties deep into my mouth. They had a very heavy musky
  smell to them.  
 "I wore these to work two days ago and then masturbated with them still
  on", she said with an evil chuckle.  
 Next she cleave gagged me very tightly with a red silk scarf shoving the
  panties even deeper. I did not protest because I knew it would just make her
  angrier but I was riddled with fear. My wife and I are at opposite ends of
  the spectrum about play in public areas or play where you have a chance of
  getting caught. My wife loves to do things to me in a public area and I just
  feel like I want to wither up and die rather than get caught.  
 Next came a beige oblong silk scarf, which she tied wide over my mouth,
  panties and cleave gag. She then taped a set of bright red paper lips where
  my mouth was.  
 "Hands at 9 and 3", she commanded as she pulled out another beige scarf
  which was one of my favorites because it was 12 inches wide and 70 inches long.
  She leaned across my body and started wrapping my left hand to the steering
  wheel at the 9:00 position. It was then I first smelled the perfume she had
  on. It was the perfume she always wore when we would play and/or have sex.
  That scent I associated so much with sex that I start to get erect just from
  a whiff of it. I had a problem at work a little while back when a very pretty
  new co-worker had worn that scent. It affected me so much, I asked her to stop
  wearing it due to an allergic reaction I was getting from it.  
 As she continued to lash my left hand to the wheel I noticed what she was
  wearing. Again she dressed to arouse me. A white silk blouse and leather skirt
  with black stockings and of course a royal blue and red silk scarf that I knew
  was a 42-inch square type. Even before my wife knew me she always loved to
  wear scarves. It was what first caught my interest in her.  
 When she was done with my left hand all I could move was my pinky and I
  realized I could still operate the turn signals on the car with it. The rest
  of my hand and fingers were cocooned in a web of silk to the steering wheel;
  I could not move any of it.  
 Next came the sister scarf to tie my right hand to the wheel. My right hand
  was totally encased in the almost six foot long scarf so that I could not even
  move my pinky. While I sat there being placed in bondage in my driveway I imagined
  all my neighbors were peering out their windows at us. This was going to be
  a long trip.  
 She turned the key in the ignition and the car came to life. Next she turned
  on the lights and waited for me to step on the brake. She glared at me waiting
  with her hand on the gearshift that was on the floor between us. I already
  felt like the thong was trying to saw through my sphincter. I finally realized
  what she was waiting for; I really did not believe she expected me to drive
  like this. I placed my foot on the brake and she put the car in reverse. I
  gave the car a little gas and we started out of our driveway. Our trip had
  begun.  
 Our trip ended about twenty feet later as I found it impossible to make
  the turn completely out of the driveway with my hands tied the way they were.
  The Mrs. threw the car into park with several expletives erupting from her
  red lipstick rimmed mouth.  
 She sat there for a few seconds studying my hands and the wheel and ordered
  me to turn the wheel left as far as I could go and then right. Then she untied
  my right hand. She then tied one end of the scarf to the wheel at the 3:00
  position. Then she feed about six inches of scarf from the wheel to my wrist
  and tied the scarf around my wrist. She then began to wrap my hand like a mummy
  but leaving my thumb exposed. With the last bit of scarf she wrapped my thumb
  separately and tied the end off. It was like I was wearing a tight fitting
  mitten.  
 She threw the car into reverse once more and this time I was able to finish
  the turn to get out of the driveway although it was not without difficulty.
  She put the car in drive. "Now drive you bastard! And that hand better not
  touch anything but wheel. You don't want to piss me off anymore then I am".
  I drove to the end of our street and turned right. Again the turn was hard
  but doable.  
 I wove my way through the mostly deserted back roads and eventually came
  to the New Jersey Turnpike entrance. For the first time in my life I was glad
  we had EZ-pass. It was something I did not want. I always felt it was too much
  in the direction of 'big brother' but my wife insisted so we have it. If we
  did not have EZ-pass there would have been no way I could have used the toll
  roads bound like this and our trip would have been extremely long to avoid
  all the toll roads. I headed north on the turnpike.  
 I exited the turnpike at exit 11 and jumped on to the Garden State Parkway.
  Even at this hour in the morning the parkway was fairly busy but nothing like
  rush hour. I started to worry what I would look like if anyone looked my way.
  Going through the many toll plazas was nerve racking for me since they are
  well lit and even with EZ-pass you still have to slow down.  
 As we passed through the last toll on the parkway, my wife reached into
  her purse and pulled out one of her favorite toys. It was a small slim pink
  vibrator that had just the right pitch to the vibration to send my wife into
  orgasmic pleasures. She hikes up her leather skirt and slipped the toy between
  her black-laced panties. The vibrator hummed to life and I had a real hard
  time keeping my eyes on the highway. My cock started to get hard and strained
  against the tightness of the thong. Driving was becoming very difficult to
  say the least.  
 My wife is one of the quiet types that don't really make any noise when
  she cums. After twenty plus years of marriage however I can tell by her breathing
  when she has an orgasm. As her breathing changed and she was cumming my cock
  grew even harder and sitting in the driver's seat in a thong with a raging
  hard-on was becoming almost impossible.  
 After my wife had satisfied herself she took the vibrator and ran it under
  my nose. Her juices clung to my mustache hairs and I would smell her scent
  all the way to Maine. I didn't think I was going to make it.  
 The Mrs. glanced over at me and smiled at my growing discomfort. "Here let
  me help you with that", she said with an evil grin as she reached for my zipper.
  She began to pull my zipper down and ran into trouble, so she started releasing
  my belt then unbuttoned my jeans. She then finished working the zipper all
  the way down revealing a silky emerald green bulge. I felt like my cock was
  going to break in half due to the tightness of the thong. She rubbed the silky
  bulge with her hand cooing, "poor baby that looks painful".  
 To my temporary relief she released my erection from its silken prison and
  also pulled my balls out of the pouch. She then pulled out a thin pink and
  lime green scarf that was three feet long. It was the type of scarf that a
  lot of young women used as belts nowadays. She started to wrap the silky material
  tightly around my balls. She was cinching the knot as we passed through the
  Tappan Zee tollbooth. I prayed to god that I was not speeding enough through
  the toll for them to send a cop after me. I don't even remember going over
  the bridge. It was 2:18 a.m.  
 She left me alone then for a while because she knew half the time I made
  the wrong turn when the highway splits up ahead and I find myself heading towards
  New York City. I was not going to miss it and cost me more time. I wanted out
  of this as soon as I can.  
 Once I merged on to a nearly deserted route 684, my lovely but evil wife
  pulled from her purse my stroke scarf. It is a scarf she used to wear prior
  to me being in her life. It's a rose and cream colored scarf made out of some
  kind of incredible polyester. I have no idea what the scarf is made of but
  the feel of it is the best thing I ever rubbed against. I have never been able
  to find any other scarf that feels like it does. When it began to fray my wife
  gave the scarf to me for those times that I take matters into my own hand.
  You see in our house there are two types of scarves, those my wife wears and
  those we play with and she never mixes the two.  
 My erection had subsided some as I had navigated my way past 287 and White
  Plains. The Mrs. reached over and wrapped the scarf around my semi-erect cock
  and began to slowly stroke it. It was not long before I was hard as a rock
  and ever so slightly shifting my hips to the rhythm of her stroke. My wife
  knows me as well as I know her and as I was about to hit the point of no return
  she stopped. I whimpered into my gag as she laughed. "You didn't really think
  I was going to let you cum, did you?" I pathetically humped the air hoping
  for a miracle.  
 The panties stuffed into my mouth had compacted with my saliva giving me
  a little room in my mouth. My left elbow was aching since I have not really
  been able to flex it since we started. The thong back is still sawing its way
  through my sphincter. I was dying to pull it out. My balls were throbbing due
  to no relief as much as due to them being bound. I imagined that they were
  purple, swollen and pulsating. I was driving through Danbury; it was 2:58 a.m.
  Halfway there; I'll never make it.  
 Every time my erection would start to go down she would stroke it back to
  life. Pre-cum had started to leak and some got on her hand. "Ew", she said
  in mock disgust as she wiped the cum on my face. Every time she touched my
  cock I was begging into my gag. Tears were rolling down my cheeks as we rolled
  past Hartford. I truly believed I would go insane before we hit Maine. It was
  3:45 a.m.; I was making damn good time.  
 My wife laid off my cock for a while as I ate up the miles on 84. Just past
  Storrs my wife announced that she had to use the little girl's room soon. I
  had not thought about that but I guess I could go too. There was not another
  rest stop until the Mass. Turnpike.  
 I worried as we drew within sight of the entrance to the Mass. Pike. There
  seemed to be a line waiting to enter in that too well lit toll plaza. I was
  sweating from all the stress my body was under and again I thought how I would
  look to others that might glace my way. My fears were unfounded as I got up
  to the toll plaza there was one easy pass lane clogged by a truck but another
  one was free and clear. In no time I bought the car up to 70 mph and had to
  start slowing down to enter the turnpike rest stop. I parked in an empty part
  of the parking lot and my wife hopped from the car and started walking quickly
  towards the restaurant and restrooms. In her right hand she held the car keys
  and pushed the lock button as she continued to walk. "No", my mind screamed. "She
  can't leave me here!" I started to cry, I had looked forward to being able
  to stretch my legs and relieve my bladder. It was 4:13 a.m.  
 I got control of myself and began to look around at my surroundings. What
  if someone should park near me? I'm bound to my steering wheel, gagged, wearing
  women's panties and my cock hanging out for all to see; what a sight I would
  be. Just then a state trooper's car pulled into the lot and slowly cruised
  by me. I put my head down as far as it would go and squeezed my eyes shut tight. "Please
  don't stop here", I prayed. I waited for the tap of a flashlight on my window
  but it never came. I looked up and there was no trooper car in sight. I had
  almost peed myself and now my bowls are much looser too. I saw my wife carrying
  a bottle of Diet Coke as she walked back to the car.  
 "Miss me?" She chuckled as she got back into the car and started it up.
  She put it in drive and said, "you better hurry daylight is coming soon". I
  gunned the car on to the entrance ramp and headed east on the turnpike. It
  was 4:28 a.m.  
 I exited the turnpike at Worcester and got on to route 290. Through Worcester
  she started stroking my cock again. All I could do was whimper, much to her
  delight.  
 290 merged into 495, which in turn merged into 95. Traffic was picking up
  as people made their way into Boston for work. The Mrs. continued my torture.  
 Two different thoughts struck terror into me at the same moment as we were
  crossing into New Hampshire. One was the lone toll plaza on 95 in New Hampshire
  did not have EZ-pass and two we were driving on fumes. I needed gas now. It
  was 5:11 a.m. as I took the last exit in New Hampshire before the toll.  
 I pulled into an abandoned gas station passing two others that had activity.
  I pulled forward to the pump furthest from the store. Thank god for self serve.
  I sat there and turned to my wife. "We need gas! I suppose you think I'll untie
  you? Forget it but be sure you will pay for making me pump gas!"  
 Our car has a release lever that is under my seat. You need to pull that
  lever to get at the gas cap. My wife got out of her side of the car and walk
  around to my side to open my door. She bent to reach the lever and pulled it
  but instead of pumping gas she took my hard cock into her mouth and started
  to suck. Talk about pleasure and pain, plus I could see the attendant watching
  us from the store window. "Do you folks need any help", his voice boomed over
  a speaker. My wife got up and waved him off with a pleasant smile. She then
  used her ATM card to start pumping gas into the car. As she was filling the
  tank a car pulled into the next series of pumps. This was too close for comfort.
  The guy had a clear shot at me through the car window. It seemed like forever
  to fill our tank. Once done she left me out there in the open, as she went
  into the store. I stared at the other car but luckily the guy had no interest
  in us. My wife came back out carrying another Diet Coke and got back in the
  car. I just sat there and stared at her. "What? Sorry but I need to wash the
  penis breath away", she laughed. She started the car and put it into drive.
  I headed towards route 1 north and Portsmouth. It was 5:38 a.m.  
 My left arm seemed to be numb. Every inch of my body seemed to be screaming
  in pain. Luckily my wife gave my cock a break. Maybe she felt the distress
  I was in. I needed a bathroom, now.  
 In Portsmouth I picked up 95 again and soon crossed the Piscataqua River
  into Maine. We were now cruising past the shopping outlets on the Maine Turnpike.
  It was 5:48 a.m.  
 Right before the first toll plaza we exit the turnpike and go north on route
  one. Again my wife lets me alone as we travel up one. She is too busy seeing
  what had changed since our last visit. Soon we turn off one and go on several
  winding roads till at last we reach the resort compound.  
 I drive right up to our cabin. It's the same cabin we always chose. We have
  been in all the cabins and this is the one we think is the best. It also happens
  to be the closest to the water. We are friends with the owners so we know that
  they have left us the key under the mat since its 6:15 in the morning and the
  office will not be open for quite some time.  
I sit as patiently as I can waiting for her to untie me. As tears start welling
  up in my eyes, she smiles at me and starts to untie my right hand. "I hope
  you have learned your lesson", she says sternly as she releases my left hand.
  Pain shoots across my chest as I move my left arm. "Well go on and do what
  you have to do. But hurry it up and unload this car".  
I get out of the car as quickly as my very stiff body will allow. I grab
  hold of my pants to keep them up while I am hanging out and still have a scarf
  tied around my balls. I'm still gagged too but I don't care. I have one thing
  on my mind and that is to get to the bathroom as soon as possible. The key
  is under the mat and I unlock the door and rush to the bathroom. "You better
  not cum!" She shouts as I finally dig the thong from my ass cheeks.  
When I come out of the bathroom my wife is standing there with the toy bag
  in hand. "Don't just stand there, get the suitcase".  
I stare at her for a moment longer and realized she has no intention of removing
  the gag. I hurry out to the car and drag the over sized case into the cabin.
  We love this cabin. It rustic but has all the conveniences too. I like it because
  the furniture and open beams give us many ways in which to tie me. From the
  bathroom she shouts, "Strip!"  
I quickly remove my clothes, including the dreaded thong. I am left with
  the scarf around my balls and the gag. My wife comes out of the bathroom wearing
  her black leather open breast bustier, black stockings and her Terra Firma
  harness with her new Feeldoe attached. She is carrying several scarves too.  
She grabs me by my hair and bends me over the foot of the bed. My arms are
  roughly pulled behind me and tied tightly in place by a scarf. She kicks my
  legs apart to spread them wide then ties my ankles to their respective foot
  posts. She had already lubed the dildo and just violently enters my ass with
  it. It hurt like hell and I screamed into my gag. Don't get me wrong, I'm no
  virgin when it comes to being a bend over husband but the hours of the thong
  cutting into me left the backdoor raw. So though it was all pleasure as she
  pounded me. Her hips slapping at my ass cheeks. I could tell she was close
  to cumming. She reached between my legs and with her still lubed hand started
  to stroke my rock hard staff. We both came at the same time. I was screaming
  into my gag as my wife continued to milk every ounce out of me.  
"That's for making me pump gas you bastard!"  
I make a mental note to have her pump more gas.  
What a way to start a vacation!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bound_bob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





