BDSM Library - Thackeray Manor




Thackeray Manor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Travel back to 18th century London and witness punishment day for the servants at the home of Lord and Lady Thackeray.   THACKERAY MANOR  
 by Alex B.  
 Edmund Thackeray stepped from his carriage and motioned for the horseman
  to move along to the stable. He was pleased to see the front door of his London
  residence on Woodbury Street.  
It had been a madhouse in Parliament that day and he was glad to  
be home. It was a bad year to serve in the House of Lords. 1775 was coming
  to a miserable close and 1776 didn't seem to hold much promise either.  
 Colleen, one of the Thackeray's servants, was there to take Edmund's hat
  and coat as he came in the front door. He walked down the hallway to find his
  wife, Lady Madeline Thackeray waiting for him in the sitting room.  
 "Hello, my sweet." Edmund said with a tired smile.  
 "Oh dear, you look exhausted!" Mrs. Thackeray said, turning to Jennifer,
  a servant waiting nearby. "Some sherry." she ordered.  
 The girl nodded and quickly left the room.  
 "It's been a devil of a day!" Edmund moaned as he sat down in his chair
  near the fireplace. "A devil of a day!"  
 Jennifer came back with a glass of sherry on a silver tray. Mrs. Thackeray
  took the glass from the tray and waved the girl away.  
 "Trouble in the colonies?" she asked.  
 Edmund gave his wife an annoyed look.  
 "You know I never discuss matters of state at home!"  
 "Of course, dear. I do apologize." she said, handing him  
the glass.  
 He took a gulp of the sherry and sighed.  
 "Yes, trouble in the colonies." he continued. "A damnable insurrection,
  that's what it is!"  
 "Oh my!"  
 "Oh, I can sympathize with their situation, the tax burden and all, but
  you can't just break off from the empire!"  
 "Certainly not!"  
 "The upstarts! They all need a good thrashing!" he said.  
 Madeline grasped the opportunity to change the subject.  
 "Speaking of thrashing, we need to deal with the servants.  
This is Friday.&quot;  
 Friday was the established day of the week to punish the servants for various
  misdeeds in the house. Not all punishment took place on Friday. Occasionally
  a maid would displease  
Mrs. Thackeray and quickly find herself bent over the nearest  
chair with her dress tossed over her head, having a dose of the Lady's oak
  hairbrush briskly applied to her bottom. Or perhaps a serving girl would spill
  something during supper which would result in an immediate spanking over Mr.
  Thackeray's knee.  
Edmund had no compunction about baring a servant girl's buttocks and spanking
  them soundly, even in front of guests. In fact, it was when others were present
  at the table that he was most prone to wallop one of his girls. The impromptu
  spanking or strapping  
of a servant was not uncommon at Thackeray manor. For the  
most part however, a record of misdeeds and unfinished duties  
were kept in Mrs. Thackeray's ledger and the corresponding punishments were
  meted out on Friday afternoon, before dinner.  
 "Very well." Edmund said. "Let's get on with it."  
 Lady Thackeray took a small silver bell from the mantelpiece  
and rang it vigorously. Within moments, four servants, all young women, had
  entered the room and were waiting at attention in front  
of the lord and lady.  
 "Are they prepared?" he asked.  
 "Yes, they are." she said. As always, the girls had been  
instructed to leave their aprons and undergarments in their rooms in preparation
  of punishment in order to make their bottoms  
easily accessible.  
 "Where are Katherine and Rebecca?"  
 "Katherine is not in the ledger this week." Mrs. Thackeray told her husband. "She
  has performed without flaw. As for Rebecca, she had to leave for a few days-
  some family matter. But I did settle accounts with her this morning, before
  she left."  
 "Did she require the hairbrush?" he asked.  
 "One of your belts, actually."  
 "Really?"  
 "Yes." Lady Thackeray explained. "Insufferable girl!  
Always dawdling- always up to mischief! I caught her taking  
a nip at our dinner wine yesterday!  
 "Good lord! I hope you laid it on well!"  
 "She won't sitting for a few days, I can promise you that."  
Sitting down across from her husband, she opened the ledger  
and chose a name from the list. "Emily, you will be the first."  
 Emily Wicklund was a small, brown-haired, buxom youth of twenty who's behavior
  on the whole was quite good. She had done very well for herself as a chamber
  maid, with the exception of some nervous clumsiness on her part. Emily stepped
  forward  
and stood quietly with her head bowed as the complaints against her were
  read.  
 "On Monday, Emily forgot to bring fresh water to the bedroom basin and on
  Wednesday she dropped one of my Aunt Margaret's antique flower vases, causing
  it to be chipped."  
 "Can it be restored?" Lord Thackeray inquired.  
 "I believe so." she replied.  
 "Well then, nothing too serious. Still, we must be more careful in the future
  mustn't we?"  
 "Yes, sir." Emily quietly agreed with a curtsy. Mr. Thackeray hooked his
  arm around Emily's waist and bent her over his lap. Without ceremony, he lifted
  the young woman's dress, revealing her pale, round buttocks.  
 "I think a good hand spanking should suffice, don't you?"  
 "I might have used the brush." said Lady Thackeray. "But I'm certain you
  know best. "Right." the gentleman replied and with that, he lifted his large
  powerful hand and brought it down,  
landing a sound, solid swat across Emily's fair cheeks.  
 Emily flinched and grimaced, but she did not cry aloud.  
She knew better. She had witnessed many a spanking at the manor and had taken
  note that the girls who kicked and cried only received more swats in return.
  As the volley of painful slaps rained  
down on her naked, vulnerable bottom, Emily simply gritted her teeth and
  tried to remain still, resisting as much as she could the impulse to cry out.
  Of course, after a while over Lord Thackeray's knee, it was impossible not
  to show some signs of distress.  
His ability to find the softest area on a bottom and to set that patch  
ablaze with pain was uncanny. His punishments were rarely unfair, but never
  forgotten. He was a quiet-spoken man except  
when angered. And if he was angry enough to raise his voice, someone's bottom
  would soon be throbbing.  
 Lord Thackeray laid swat after stinging swat onto Emily's reddening cheeks
  until even that well-controlled girl was  
weeping openly. Her buttocks were spanked until they were  
red and raw. She was about to start begging for mercy when her master gave
  her one last resounding slap and then put her dress back in place.  
 "You may stand." Mr. Thackeray said. Emily pushed herself up, wiping the
  tears from her face as she stood up.  
 "We will try not to be so clumsy won't we, Miss Wicklund?" Lady Thackeray
  asked her.  
 "Yes, ma'am." Emily answered, curtsying again.  
 "Off you go then." said Lord Thackeray.  
 Emily returned to her place in line with the other girls and began  
to rub the soreness from her aching buttocks.  
 Mrs. Thackeray glanced down at the ledger.  
 "Colleen will now step forward for punishment."  
 Colleen Sullivan was a trim, but sturdy young woman of Irish  
descent who wore her fine red hair in shoulder-length curls.  
Her smooth, porcelain skin and soft emerald eyes made her a vision hard to
  ignore. The only thing more noticeable than  
Colleen's beauty was her quick temper and stubborn will.  
Such elements in her personality caused her to be the most often punished
  girl in the house. During her first year in the Thackeray's  
employ, she had been spanked on no less than sixty occasions. Still, her
  insubordinate behavior continued. If it were not for a promise to Colleen's
  ailing mother to keep and train her  
errant daughter, Madeline would have released the girl long ago.  
 "Miss Sullivan has been lazy and insolent this week."  
Lady Thackeray declared. "On Tuesday, she was given the  
simple duty of beating the rugs. Not only did she perform her  
duty in a haphazard fashion, but when I informed her that she wasn't beating
  the rugs hard enough, she answered me with  
a sharp tongue!"  
 "Sir," Colleen interjected. "I only said that, if Lady Thackeray was to
  use her hairbrush, she'd have those rugs beaten clean in  
no time."  
 The other girls tried not to giggle.  
 "You impudent little whelp!" Lady Thackeray fumed. "If your  
mother had the strength, she'd-"  
 "There's no cause for anger, my dear." Edmund interrupted.  
"We shall simply show Miss Sullivan how to properly whack  
a rug." He stood and pointed to Emily. "Fetch the rug beater." Emily nodded
  and darted out of the room. "Only, I believe  
Miss Sullivan should experience this particular whacking from  
the rug's point of view." Lord Thackeray took a tall wooden chair from a
  nearby table and placed it sideways directly in front  
of Colleen. "You will lift your dress and assume the position  
of a dirty rug." he told her. Blushing as deeply as a rose,  
Colleen took hold of the hem of her dress and pulled it up  
above her waist as she lowered herself over the seat of the chair.  
 Emily returned with a long paddle-shaped instrument made from thick, shellacked
  wicker. Edmund took the rug beater from  
Emily and stood to the left of Colleen's upturned bottom.  
 "Now, I want you all to watch closely as I attempt to whack the filth from
  this nasty little piece of carpet." he said as he lifted the rug beater on
  high and brought it whistling through the air onto the young woman's buttocks
  with a thundering smack that caused the other girl's to flinch. Colleen let
  loose with a high-pitched wail that  
was answered by a second stinging swat. Tears streamed down  
Colleen's pale, freckled cheeks as the next few swats found their  
round, trembling target. "You see, you must stand clear of the rug and hold
  the instrument at the far end of the handle using it's full length when you
  swing. These quick smacks do very little to get the job done." He punctuated
  each of these words with short,  
sharp spanks. Lord Thackeray then took the handle in both hands, lifted the
  rug beater high above his head and swung it down  
across Colleen's bottom with a powerful slap, the hardest one yet. Colleen
  gasped and began to bawl. "You must use full-armed swats that produce a resounding
  clap that can be heard all around the house." He gave Colleen's bottom another
  cracking blow  
and then held the instrument out to Emily. "Now you try it."  
He noticed that Emily was hesitant. "Come on, now. You both need to learn
  from this." Edmund said, noting Emily's hesitation. He placed the handle firmly
  in Emily's hand. Emily blushed a bit as she took her place at Colleen's side.
  She took a deep breath, brought back the flat end of the instrument and swung
  it with all her might delivering a loud, solid spank to her workmate's pink,
  throbbing cheeks. Colleen was crying loudly now and when Emily  
landed another equally painful swat, the Irish lass howled with pain and
  humiliation. Emily continued the thrashing until Edmund  
 handed the beater to Jennifer Beecham.  
 Jennifer was a raven-haired beauty fresh out of school and new to the Thackeray's
  home. Colleen had made things difficult for the new girl with cruel pranks
  and teasing.  
 So it was with relish that Jennifer took the rug beater in hand and began
  smacking Colleen's fanny as though she was whacking a hundred years of dust
  from a thick carpet. She swung with terrific malice causing Colleen to grip
  the legs of the chair with both hands as she began to blubber uncontrollably.
  Again and again, Jennifer joyfully smacked Colleen's bottom, bringing it  
to a dark, ruddy hue. Eventually, Edmund took the beater from Jennifer's
  hand and passed it to Jane.  
 Jane Thisby, the Thackeray's short, slightly plump cook's assistant, was
  timid and easily frightened. She too had been mistreated by Colleen, but was
  afraid to spank her in earnest for fear of reprisals. Jane took the rug beater
  and began to give Colleen a few moderate swats, each of which landed with a  
dull slap.  
 "No, no!" Mr. Thackeray shouted. "You have to swing much harder than that,
  Jane!" Mrs. Thackeray added.  
 Jane curtsied and then continued to give Colleen a half-hearted spanking
  with blows only a trifle harder than before.  
 "No! This won't do!" Lord Thackeray said, grabbing another chair from the
  table and placing it flush against the chair that Colleen was bent over. "I'll
  show you how it's done!" He then took Jane by the shoulders, forced her over
  the empty seat and flung her dress up. The two girl's bare bottoms were snug
  against each other, Colleen's red and swollen one next to Jane's which  
was pale and unmarred. Lord Thackeray hauled back and swung the beater catching
  Jane's bottom with a powerful blow that had her wincing. This was followed
  by several harder spanks that swiftly brought tears to Jane's eyes. Then there
  was a surprisingly hard swat for Colleen who had begun to think her punishment  
had ended. Jane got another stinging spank followed by one  
for Colleen.  
 For the next few minutes the two took their spankings simultaneously. Mr.
  Thackeray alternated swats, from one bottom to the other until both young women
  were kicking and crying  
for mercy.  
 "Stand up, Jane." Edmund commanded.  
 "Yes sir." Jane sobbed as she stood, gripping her sore backside.  
 "Do you feel that Jane has been sufficiently punished?"  
 Mrs. Thackeray checked the ledger.  
 "Hmm. She only forgot to mop the kitchen floor one night.  
Yes, I think that should do. Get back in line, Jane."  
 Jane curtsied and took her place next to Emily and Jennifer.  
"You! Stand up!" Lord Thackeray told Colleen who stood, weeping and rubbing
  her bottom furiously as she hopped gingerly from one foot to the other. "Miss
  Sullivan, you have talked back  
to my wife! This will not be permitted! You will have no dinner  
tonight and no breakfast tomorrow! You are to be spanked  
by Lady Thackeray every morning this week and by me  
every evening. Any other transgressions on your part will be settled most
  harshly with my belt, do you understand?!"  
 "Yes sir!" Colleen gulped. Mr. Thackeray waved her away.  
Still sobbing, Colleen dashed back to her place in line.  
 &quot;Jennifer shall be last one.&quot; Lady Thackeray said, closing  
the ledger. &quot;I would like to take charge of this myself. You see,  
she neglected to dust the foyer on Wednesday and while that  
in itself may not be a grave transgression, it is something I have  
personally reminded her about again and again. I cannot help but think that
  she is ignoring me.&quot; She glared at Jennifer. &quot;And I will not have
  that.&quot;  
 "Very well." Edmund agreed. "Jennifer, bring Lady Thackeray her hairbrush."  
 Jennifer bowed her head and left the room returning a few moments later
  with a large oak hairbrush which she handed to  
her lady. Mrs. Thackeray wasted no time, hauling Jennifer over  
her lap, lifting her dress and landing the first swat of the brush  
in what seemed to be one smooth continual motion.  
 Lady Thackeray was an expert spanker. Every servant in the house knew the
  sting of that hairbrush and none of them took the subject lightly. It wasn't
  just the harshness of the swats, but the blinding speed with which they were
  delivered. A spanking from Lady Thackeray took far less time than one from
  her husband, but it was debatable which was more feared.  
 She dispensed an array of sharp stinging swats that had  
Jennifer's bottom bright pink within a minute. The fierce staccato  
of spanks continued and soon those pink cheeks were crimson. Lady Thackeray
  swung the brush like a woman possessed, peppering the girl's burning cheeks
  with blistering smacks,  
each one seemingly harder than the last. Jennifer was a mass  
of tears and apologies before her mistress was through with her.  
Then just as quickly as she had taken the girl over her knee,  
Lady Thackeray grabbed Jennifer by the arms and yanked her to her feet. She
  stood and stared coldly into Jennifer's watery eyes.  
 "From now on, you will attend to all the duties you are given!"  
 "Oh- yes, ma'am!" Jennifer tearfully replied.  
 "Very well. Back to work- all of you!"  
 Lady Thackeray clapped her hands and the girls all scurried  
out of the room.  
 Edmund sat down in his chair by the fire. Madeline stood behind  
him with her hands on his shoulders.  
 "That seemed fair enough." she stated.  
 Lord Thackeray stared into the flames for a few moments  
before answering.  
 You did seem a bit rough on Jennifer, though."  
 "Do you think so?" Madeline asked. Edmund smiled.  
 "Never mind." he said, patting his wife's hand. "You and I  
will soon settle that account."  
 Later that night, all four servant girls were gathered around the door of
  the master bedroom, giggling quietly as they took turns  
peering through the keyhole. One at a time, they watched with delight as
  Lord Edmund Thackeray, in his nightgown, held the naked Lady Madeline Thackeray
  over his lap, spanking her mercilessly with her own hairbrush.  
 "Look at her face." Jennifer commented as she moved aside, giving Emily
  a chance at the keyhole. "She almost seems to be enjoying it!"  
 Young Emily took a closer look.  
 "I think you may be right!" she replied.  
 "Imagine that!" Jane said, with amazement. Colleen rubbed her own bottom
  to feel the wickedly delicious sting. "Imagine that."  
 THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex B.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





