BDSM Library - Southern Nights




Southern Nights
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mary finds she needs a change in her life, and decide to do something about it. As she get in contact with a young girl named Linda, she suddenry realises that even her wildest fantasies actually just might come true....Chapter 1 &ndash; The turning point  
Mary was so nervous she had troubles keeping up with the traffic around her.
  It was early afternoon rush, and a lot of aggressive and impatient divers all
  over the place. Normally she would be so annoyed about this that her adrenaline
  would be like that of a cliffhanger.  
But not today. This was a very different day. Possibly a day to turn a new
  page in her life. At the very least a new start, that's for sure. She was on
  her way to a very important meeting. Very important indeed!  
Even much more important than the corporate meetings she frequently attended,
  meetings otherwise so important to her career possibilities. But this was not
  about career. No statistics this time! This was all about her  .
  About taking care of her own self.  
And who would believe that a woman like her, Mary Gardner, a well- off redhead
  just turned thirty-eight, with a good job and now dressed in her very best
  suit would be nervous about meeting a 16 year old girl!? Still almost a child?!  
But that was exactly what was up next. When she would just get out of central
  downtown and up past Sandy Bay, she would find a discreet place to park her
  car at the main mall, and then make the 10-minute walk down to another, smaller
  mall. Safety first! Up there on the second floor was a simple restaurant that
  normally wasn't very crowded. That was their rendezvous- point.  
She cursed silently &ndash; a hissing 'students T!' - when she again got
  too close to some car passing by. It was impossible to keep her focus on her
  driving. Again and again her thoughts went back to the mails and chats she
  had shared with this youngster.  
How fast it had all happened, and how afraid she was that she was being kind
  of set up, or that it was all too good to be true&hellip;. Somehow.  
She had finally got the nerve to try to sit down and write an Internet contact
  ad. An ad where she would tell anybody who wanted to see exactly  what
  she was looking for. Nothing more; nothing less.  
She had started by trying to get an overview of the available sites by browsing
  through a lot of other people's ads to get some ideas about how to formulate
  her own text.  
And that's when she happened to see the little note that she now hoped would
  change her life. It was well hidden among a lot of other ones with photos of
  varying quality displaying blot- covered faces or bodies.  
This one had no photo at all; just a small, but very direct text;  
Girl, 16 would like to know one or more    
Grown- up ladies for friendship and sex.   
I like to give pleasure and make you lay    
back and just enjoy.   
I fantasize about this a lot, and hope that some
      woman,    
preferably 30 &ndash; 45 would want to make this
      dream of mine   
come true. I hope you won't ever regret  .  
That was it. Plain and simple&hellip;  
So, she decided that before she would start to work on her own ad, she would
  try to respond to this one. Without any illusions she hacked out a few words
  and sent off to the specified email address. This child probably had several
  thousand replies already. This was exactly the kind of girl she had been dreaming
  of, so she had no illusions about being the only one to harbour such fantasies.  
Actually she never felt she was much of the bisexual type. In the beginning
  these fantasies had involved a young boy as her partner. But then again a boy
  of that age couldn't know anything about how to worship a mature, female body
  without expecting anything in return, so it didn't take very long to scrap
  that idea.  
On the other hand she didn't consider it much more likely that a girl would
  likely put herself in such a position either. Why would such a teenager be
  interested in being with a woman that to her must resemble nothing but a wrinkled
  granny? She remembered herself how she looked at such women back at that age.  
It wasn't until she started to read about girl's lesbian feelings in women's
  magazines that she started to think a little bit differently about it. There
  she read about girls having fantasies about known celebrities. Some of them
  quite young, but also women much older than themselves.  
The most interesting thing, however, was the most boring part &ndash; for
  most people; the statistics. A lot of these articles pointed to results of
  different kinds of polls, and even a few scientific studies, where those feelings
  were described in terms of numbers. Who felt what to whom? How often? How much?
  What kind of feelings? Ever tried something? Those kinds of things  
What she could read from this, was that in fact something like 10 &ndash; 15
  % of all declared bisexual girls had fantasies about women significantly older
  than themselves. Not because they were older, as such, but because for them
  they represented a mature femininity and elegance, which they were extremely
  attracted to.  
In a country with, say 40 million people, an estimated 10% of the women were
  self- aware bisexuals. That was some 2 million women. Of them about 10% were
  girls having fantasies about older women. That was 200 000 girls!  
In the beginning this thought was more frightening than exciting. She knew
  on her own that she would never have the nerve to make anything out of that
  discovery.  
Not until she got quite drunk with her girlfriend Lorraine one Saturday night.
  They were joking and laughing about a good- looking younger man, and what they
  would like him to do to them. And then &ndash; just like that &ndash; she brought
  up the same thing about a young girl they both knew! Lorraine had more than
  hinted that she quite liked girls&hellip; on several occasions. And she had
  always been very open and direct about such things, at times even a little
  bit vulgar for Mary's tastes.  
As it was clear to her that her girlfriend actually had had her flings with
  some young ones in the past, she really started to give it some serious thought.
  If she   could do it, why not me too?! It is after
  all consensual, sex between adults. No one gets harmed. Quite the contrary.
  Somebody could end up being very happy!  
  On the other hand she was definitely no lesbian in her own eyes. Certainly
  not! So anything happening would have to be this special way that she had considered
  completely impossible. And that had made her forget the whole thing for a long
  while. Almost! Well&hellip; actually not at all!   
She almost missed the exit off to the mall, and had to swerve her car over
  into the exit lane at the sounds of screaming breaks all around her!  
Was something like this really able to bring her so totally out of focus?!?
  She really thought she had some experience in life by now.  
She quickly parked in the huge lot, and started the short walk down to the
  other mall. The cold wind helped to cool down her body and mind. Ten minutes
  should be just about enough to calm her frayed nerves.  
She and Lorraine didn't talk much more about her confession for a long time
  after that night. She obviously didn't think of it as a big deal at all. But
  for Mary it was an entirely different thing though, a matter of a dream coming
  true or not. The thought had been implanted in her mind, and there was no way
  she was ever going to be able to get it out again.  
But her  case was probably hopeless, though! No matter
  what the statistics claimed, she still had to go out there and find her little
  one. And somewhere deep down she had the feeling that they really didn't exist.
  Not really  ! More than most other people, she knew exactly
  what you can  do with statistics! After all!  
So the discovery that the young girl behind the brave ad really did  respond,
  - and even quite quickly &ndash; was both exciting as well as frightening.
  Frightening because she immediately got the feeling that something about it
  wasn't really real - not really  - and even because this
  told her that she might have done this many years ago, this simple step&hellip; -
  just like that!  
Maybe she had wasted a lot of time - possibly many years of her life - by
  not taking the step earlier.  
There was a whole mixture of irrational feelings from this; realism, hope,
  desperation, embarrassment, passion, - and anger&hellip; And new hope!  
And; maybe she should have taken the time to formulate her own ad anyway.
  Instead of rushing directly into this, that is. Instead of throwing herself
  head on into the first opportunity that happened to pass by her rather monotonous
  life. She had always been the one to evaluate things carefully before making
  a decision; the one to check more places and other options; the one to try
  to get the best possible basis for a decision.  
Until now.  
This thing; this dream; this girl. Again, she had to admit, it had her fully
  off of balance. Out of control. And it even drove her fully out of her mind!!  
The chilly breeze didn't do much to cool her down. Her heart pounded and
  her hands trembled slightly as she hastily approached the mall. Inside she
  had to step by a downstairs restroom to check on her makeup and try to straighten
  up a bit before she continued to the escalators. She had to force herself to
  walk slowly. That way she wouldn't be gasping for breath as she entered the
  little restaurant. If she couldn't be as cool and confident as she normally
  was, she could at least try not to make a complete fool of herself. Not because
  of some girl&hellip; some common teenage girl!  
Then she could see the door to the restaurant coming up, and she lost all
  the rest of the confidence she never actually had! What the hell was wrong  with
  her?!? Why couldn't she handle a situation like this?!?  
She stopped at a CD counter at the opposite side, and tried to get a peek
  inside without being noticed. It was still more than two minutes to go, but
  she had a sneaky suspicion that the girl was already in there.  
As she roamed through the CD's without really seeing anything, she memorized
  the dress- code they had agreed on. She was wearing her dark blue business
  suit with her copy of the Ball Street Journal all right. Black purse, dark
  brown high heeled shoes, and deep red scarf with small, white dots. Bottle-
  green blouse. Check! She could see her brown eyes blinking faintly back through
  her red- framed glasses as she looked up to check out her hair in the window
  reflex in front of her. Quickly she swept a stray lock of her sleek dark reddish
  hair behind her ear.  
Yes, she looked good! Definitely! And it shouldn't be possible to mix her
  up with somebody else in this outfit.  
Could she risk that she would scare her off?  
The little darling should be wearing very light blue, stonewashed jeans,
  and a white tee shirt with the word " Hartley  " written
  across the chest. Dark red leather boots and matching belt completed the picture
  of what seemed to be quite a sporty and smart young babe.  
The girl's response had been very promising. In the first mail that dropped
  into her inbox she had told her that she really didn't expect any answers at
  all. How she had felt that everybody else were much stronger and prettier than
  her, and that she wouldn't stand a chance in the competition. From the composition
  and the spelling errors Mary felt quite sure that she really was what she said
  she was. A nervous young girl with a hot, hot dream! A perfect match for her
  own heated fantasies.  
But still that creepy feeling kept coming back. What if she wasn't really  real?
  Nothing had materialised yet&hellip;. after all. She couldn't quite believe
  it, somehow. Not until she had her in front of her, telling her the very same
  things that she had written in her emails. Those wonderful words. Extremely
  hot words of love and sex and compassion on a level far beyond anything she
  had experienced until now. If she had got it right.  
Of course it wasn't easy to say exactly how well they had understood each
  other. Their first communications had been very vague on what they were really
  expecting, and even wishing for in a possible relationship. And as they continued
  to write each other, it seemed that they both somehow avoided getting down
  to details. Neither of them wanted to be the first one across the line. Mary
  found this a little strange, keeping in mind the girl's bold words in her first
  ad. To " give pleasure and make you just lay back and enjoy  ." Just
  the thought of that sentence was enough to get her going, get her red- cheeked
  and soaking wet!  
What the hell! It was no point standing here like some transient idiot. Being
  afraid to enter a small restaurant because of a girl that may even turn out
  not to be there at all!  
She took a deep breath, checked her faint image in the glass once again,
  tightened the grasp on her journal and turned towards the entrance. She straightened
  her shoulders as she tried to thrust her chest forward, let her tits fill the
  bra properly and press firmly against the jacket. Look proud and confident.
  Walk with calm, even casual steps. Kind of breeze into the place. Like a world
  champion. Like the lady of a young girl's dreams!  
Still, as she passed in, looking stiffly right forward, she immediately caught
  a glimpse of someone with the matching clothes in the corner of her eye. Her
  heart nearly stopped, but somehow she still managed to get over to a free table
  close to the desk.  
There was absolutely no way she would be able to have a look in the direction
  of the individual at the opposite wall! No way! She got seated without looking
  too clumsy, and proceeded to unfold and open the paper she brought along.  
The waitress was at her side almost immediately, and she ordered a black
  coffee. Strong! Definitely no cream and sugar now!  
Her heart hammered in her chest as she let her eyes scan up and down the
  front page of the journal. Again she saw nothing except the faint contour of
  the same person over at the other side.  
She had  to get a better grip of herself before she
  would be able to raise her eyes and look over at her. She had to calm down.
  Get on top of this!  
By right now it was completely impossible to even take a sip of her coffee.
  She knew her hand would shake so much that she probably would spill half of
  it. At the very least! So that would have to be the first test of her self-
  control; getting a sip of your coffee like a normal, sensible person!  
On the other hand she couldn't just continue to sit there reading, without
  looking up. Time was up. After all she had come here to see someone! Anything
  more than another half minute of reading wouldn't be natural.  
No, it was time for the confrontation! Time to raise her eyes and face a
  fellow citizen!  
She took a few deep breaths as calmly as she could. And then she did it!  
She started by looking at her watch, and then let her eyes wander over to
  the entrance, before continuing her perusal further along the wall until they
  reached their goal. Her!  
It was her, all right. And she was looking right back at her! With a soft,
  slightly unsure smile. Obviously wondering why she hadn't been looking in her
  direction yet. Dammit!!  
They stared at each other for a long, breathless moment as the world around
  them disappeared. Mary's journal slowly sank down onto the table; almost tipping
  over her coffee. The hammering heartbeats almost made it impossible to even
  keep her facial expression calm. She felt the pulse create small ripples in
  her cheeks and neck, making her feel terribly clumsy. And she was sure the
  youngster could see it!  
The girl smiled broader, still looking innocently unsure. Mary felt she had
  to struggle to kind of break up her stiff expression to smile back. Somehow.
  At least something resembling a smile.  
That did it. The girl's face melted into its full, warmest smile. A smile
  so open and natural that she looked like the perfect angel&hellip; like she
  wasn't nervous at all! Mary tried her best to return it, but the corners of
  her mouth refused to behave naturally and felt totally stiff and cramped. She
  had to fake a cough to avoid making a total fool of herself.  
As she again looked up, she almost had to cough again, - this time for real
  - as she saw the girl getting to her feet. Oh My! She was coming over&hellip;..
  this way!  
And then &ndash; just like this angel from above - she was sitting in front
  of her, looking right at her, whispering a short, warm "hi". In her right hand
  she had her Coke, as they had agreed, and her fingers squeezed the cup lightly
  as she alternatively looked down into the table and up into her eyes.  
She was positively gorgeous. Quite tall, with shapy arms and legs. Sleek,
  silky, shoulder length, brown silky hair. Almost black eyebrows. Her skin was
  so well tanned that her look almost had a touch of Hispanic about it.  
The white tee shirt still had a corner of the price- tag sticking out at
  the neck. Mary guessed that the girl had bought it especially for the printing
  of the 'Hartley'- logo in some red- pinkish letters over her chest.  
Mary mobilised all her strength to come up with some kind of sensible response;  
"Hi to you too! I've been looking so forward to meet you!" Again her smile
  felt stiff as cardboard paper.  
But still she felt that it might appear a little bit more humane than her
  first attempts.  
She knew she was the one that definitely should hold the initiative in their
  conversation, and tried to search through her memory for any of the topics
  she had planned to pick up on once they had met. The initial phrases she had
  thought about. Those relieving, relaxing and confident words that would set
  the tone and ease the tension that was bound to be there. Even if they both
  should have been Supergirl and her mum!  
As the seconds passed and nothing seemed to come to her mind, her sense of
  panic grew. She had to come up with something  !  
"So, dear, now that we have met, would you like to tell me your name?"  
Relaxing and confident tone?!? Hah! More like the start of an interrogation.
  And even not with the friendly voice she tried to put up.  
"The girl got reddened slightly and looked down into the desk for a moment.
  Then she looked up and straight into Mary's eyes again.  
"My name is Linda," she told her matter of factly. "Linda Verdale".  
Mary took a deep breath.  
"And I'm Mary Gardner. Original name, don't you think?!?" She tried to back
  her attempt on relaxed humour with a small laugh, but again it all felt rather
  stiff and unnatural, more like crumpling up a piece of paper!  
Another short pause with a new attempt to get on a better track of conversation.
  The girl kept looking straight at her, but luckily she was able to flash her
  eyelids down when things got embarrassing too.  
"And you're really 16!? You look so young, it's almost unbelievable."  
The girl's blush deepened. Mary was sure she expected the question, but probably
  not at once, in such a straightforward way.  
"Well&hellip; yes; Uhhh&hellip; I'm sixteen in three days, actually&hellip;"  
"How wonderful! I&hellip;."  
Again Mary stopped herself before she came up with another clich&eacute;-
  like remark. Making another attempt to get grip, somehow. Sure in time they
  would touch in on the desires she had expressed in her ad, but not just as
  the next point on the agenda, like a grey court referee&hellip; or a statistician.
  Not even when she could do so in a gleeful tone!  
In the mean time she had to fill in with some kind of empty talk&hellip;.
  before she got down to the things she was dying to talk about.  
A new wave of nervousness came and passed, almost like stings of physical
  agony! After a few deep breaths she felt a little better.  
"Wonderful! You look beautiful! Lucky me to get to know such a young girl
  like you!"  
Another rather clumsy expression, but at least the smile didn't feel all
  that stiff and unnatural this time. She could even hold it for a moment without
  her lips starting to vibrate from tensed exhaustion.  
The girl had looked down for a moment, but now her adorable eyes beamed directly
  at her again with a shy frankness that seemed to allow her full view into the
  deepest recesses of her heart. Made her see that in there was a warm and gentle
  person that couldn't have anything but the very best of intentions. And with
  whom she could relax completely. Eyes so different from the eyes of her fellow
  colleagues and associates, hardened as they were from their share of experience
  from everyday life.  
This girl was still open to the world. Curious about what it had in store
  for her. Still didn't have to face and deal with the challenges of it all.
  At least not the hard way&hellip;yet.  
Somehow she could already sense what kind of impression she made, as one
  of the interesting elements coming in from the world out there. The big world
  out there. If she would be able to handle things the right way, she could really
  make a difference to this youngster. And to herself!  
She had to remind herself that the adorable little darling clearly had said
  she was a lesbian. So at least quite far over at that side, then. If so, she
  could expect her to react on her a little bit the same way as the men did,
  couldn't she? Never any problem to get the guys on the hook. She liked to think
  that it at least to some extent was her style and taste that contributed to
  the attraction. Not only  tits and ass! After all she
  was a girl. Actually an adorable young lady!!  
She was still extremely nervous, but somehow she felt calm enough to touch
  in on the things they had talked about &ndash; after all. She was even able
  to take a sip of her now lukewarm coffee.  
"I must admit I was extraordinary charmed by your little ad&hellip; It all
  seemed to me to be an impossible dream. And now - all of a sudden - it seems
  like it may in fact come through! In this real life!"  
The girl's eyes immediately darted down again, and her cheeks got purple
  red. Her lips vibrated lightly, but now words came from her.  
After a moment Mary collected strength enough to reach out and lift her head
  by a gentle finger under the chin. And she managed to do so without shaking!
  Will wonders never cease?!?  
"Linda.. darling. Look at me!" She was overwhelmed by a heart-warming feeling
  of love as their eyes met again.  
"I have to know! Do you&hellip; you know&hellip; do you like me? I mean&hellip; like
  me?"  
Another moment of silence. She let go of the girl's cheek.  
"Yes&hellip; oh yes&hellip; I do!" And then "a lot!!"  
They sat for a long moment without a word. Without moving. And now they locked
  eyes as they absorbed the meaning of what had been said. What that would actually
  mean, and the fantastic possibilities that could open for them.  
Mary felt the clumsy nervousness fade still further into the background,
  and suddenly a little of her own, confident self surfaced in the back of her
  mind to help her along. For the first time! As they were supposed to go the
  next step of the way. Actually it was a little surprising. She would have expected
  that the significance of their words would have made things even worse for
  her.  
She discovered she had been holding her breath for almost a minute, and let
  it out in a long, trembling sigh.  
A person passing behind the girl suddenly kind of woke her up, and brought
  her back to this world. She suddenly got aware of the terrible noise in the
  room. It reached into her mind almost like a shock, tearing her out of the
  magic state she felt they had been in.  
A huge kindergarten group had filed in and rumbled down at the tables next
  to them. They were accompanied by two young girls that couldn't be much older
  than them, and didn't have the slightest control on the cheering horde.  
Of course, it was still early afternoon, and children were out to learn about
  the realities of this world. The same reality that they would use a lot of
  their time to try to get away from when they grew up, she thought to herself.
  Just as she was doing right now? Seeking a new life, somehow&hellip;. a different
  world? Something that would allow her to break out of the monotony of everyday
  life, and find a new meaning&hellip;. maybe even the utopia called happiness?!?  
That certainly was what she was searching for, and maybe young Linda too?  
Could she really find happiness with a youngster like this one? And what
  would such a life be like?  
She shivered lightly. Actually that was nothing but a blue utopia too! Couldn't
  be!  
What would the little darling's parents say? Of course they wouldn't accept
  something like this. The girl could be her daughter, for student's sake! It
  would be totally unacceptable even if she had been a man!  
But then again&hellip; what did she need to be happy&hellip; really?? Come
  to think of it, the girl was actually looking for a sexual experience, someone
  to take and embrace the love and tenderness that she dreamed so much about
  giving!  
Could it be that she could continue her life and see if destiny really had
  a partner of the opposite sex up the sleeve for her? And experiment with her
  fantasies and emotions with a girl like this&hellip; as she went along? Wasn't
  that exactly what she could  do in an extraordinary relationship
  like this? If  it would materialize!  
She had been thinking this over and over again, but now it was suddenly all
  under her skin! Embracing her heart, rocking her mind. Like she still hadn't
  even considered it at all.  
She met the girl's eyes again. Dark and blue and wonderful.  
"Do you think that we&hellip; could.. I mean&hellip; do something?!?"  
Again a hopeless question! It just fell out of her. How could she be so extremely
  clumsy? Ignorant?!?  
But again the youngster was the one to handle the situation best. No doubt
  she had been preparing well for their first meeting. The girl took Mary's hand
  in both her own, and caressed it gently as she looked down for a moment to
  take a deep breath. Then the eyelids flicked up at her again.  
"Yes! Yes&hellip; I think we can, Miss. I&hellip; I'd love to&hellip;. Really!!
  More than anything!"  
Silence. Heavy heartbeats. Moist, sparkling eyes. Lightly shaking hands.
  Wild, dark dreams. Love and compassion. And desire!  
Mary felt more sure than ever. This was the beginning of something great&hellip;.  
Chapter 2 &ndash; A fresh start  
"What do you  think, Mary?"  
For a split second Mary felt the chilling flush of panic numbing her body.
  She tore her eyes from the notepad in front of her, and met Eric's eyes across
  the table.  
She had  been listening&hellip; carefully. All the time.
  Well... almost all the time! It was a matter of some seconds that her mind
  had drifted off a bit. And that bastard boss of hers had noticed immediately.
  He'd probably been watching her&hellip; looking for a possibility to strike
  at the first suitable moment. When her guard was low.  
Jim Mallory was fat, clumsy and extremely boring. He'd been lecturing on
  with his monotonous voice for more than half an hour, and there was nothing
  to indicate that he intended to conclude something very soon.  
He wasn't all bad, just extremely unattractive. And he positively loved  his
  own voice. Didn't guys like him have a mirror in their house? As he stood with
  his side against them, pointing long-windedly at each bulleted point he was
  eventually getting to at the board&hellip; belly protruding, suit wrinkled
  and head shiny bald - he was a terrific example of what a man should not  look
  like! Eric, her boss, sitting opposite to her at the table, was at least reasonably
  fit, and had quite some positive sides about him.  
Now he and the others were looking at her with stinging eyes - like they
  were all saying silently 'gotcha!'  
They got her in an awkward moment all right. No doubt about that! Mary knew
  she had to stay focused in this hostile pack of wolves, and so far she had
  managed&hellip; somehow. But not without a generous portion of self- discipline.
  Her mind kept creeping off to the upcoming appointment with the secret little
  sweetheart of hers, the wonderful little darling that had spell bounded her
  totally from the first moment they met. And it simply refused to stay with
  the plan for statistical evaluation of the latest corporate market analyses.
  Even if she knew perfectly well that that was important to her life too.  
"Well, I fully agree with Mr. Mallory's conclusions except for case 3 and
  7. In those cases I think that&hellip;."  
Hah! No problem at all. She hit back with full force, enjoying her boss'
  slightly sheepish expression when he realised she elegantly slipped out of
  his grip&hellip; again. Not that she had heard the latest remarks, but she
  had done what probably none of the others had&hellip; she had red the minutes!  
Mr. Mallory eventually continued his lecture, sweating and breathing like
  a trotting rhino in the hot conference room. Mary's thoughts were soon back
  again at that mall cafeteria and her first meeting with little Linda. Back
  to those last few minutes&hellip; when they had stopped taking, and just sat
  there. Overwhelmed by the fact that they had just told each other what they
  wanted to do together. And that they both really wanted sex! The image of that
  tiny figure with those dark, deep- blue, completely wonderful eyes made her
  body tingle with excitement. She felt her nipples grow rock hard in her bra,
  and knew that her panties would be completely wet through within the next twenty
  seconds!  
Even though the two of them had been bothered by the noise around
    them, the magic moment they had together seemed to last a small eternity.
    They held hands tightly and Mary had managed to come up with what she hoped
    would be her final stupid remark. Something like 'now I know you're really
    real' or whatever it was. 
  The girl's eyes were completely hypnotizing, and she felt affected in a way
  she never thought she would be. And as close to total happiness as she ever
  thought she would be. 
  When their time ran out, she managed to make an arrangement to see her again
  the next evening at one of her favourite downtown restaurant. She regretted
  it afterwards, as she came to think of the fact that someone might recognize
  her there. But then again there could be a lot of 'logical' explanations why
  she would be there with a young girl. She could be her daughter, as far as
  they were concerned!   
She felt the wetness break through her panties, and knew she would have to
  improvise to somehow get to avoid that it would stain her skirt. Faking a kind
  of sudden discomfort she adjusted her position on her chair, expertly using
  the index finger of her well hidden hand under the table to slip the back side
  of her skirt exactly high enough for her panties to rest against the cushion
  of the seat. After a few seconds she used her handkerchief to dry her neck
  and forehead, putting it down at her side instead of back into her purse. The
  next moment it was smuggled in between her legs to discretely wipe away the
  wet spot from her seat and then stay in position to absorb any addition amount
  of passion juices she might produce from her lazy dreaming of things to come.  
In just a few hours she'd be off for the next meeting with her little darling.  
The restaurant was quiet. It really was one of the best ones in town, and
  her favourite place to go, also when she brought along business associates,
  or just wanted a quiet evening with friends. Or simply just some time for herself.  
Or, - like now, - to meet a young girl that could make a major difference
  to her life. That would almost surely  make a major difference.
  Young Linda Verdale. This shy, but actually quite confident little darling
  who had said she would do anything to make her happy. Anything!  
Mary had the same conservative suit she had been wearing yesterday, only
  with a different scarf. This one was striped with a light green colour matching
  the darker one of her blouse.  
The girl arrived almost exactly on time. 19 04  ,
  to be precise. Statistically insignificant!  
Another sign that she was quite serious about this.  
She saw her immediately, and came over with that shy smile on her pretty
  face. Shy, but direct. At the same time. Were all girls of that younger generation
  like this? If she tried to imagine herself in a situation like this at that
  age, she knew for sure she would feel like she was facing the electrical chair!
  But then again, she would never even think of getting herself involved in something
  like this.  
Mary had been thinking about their possible relationship all the time these
  last days, and felt her old self-confidence and balance recover and build again
  for each passing hour. She was still nervous, but she had control! More like
  a trickling in her stomach similar to those she had when she addressed some
  important audience.  
Linda had the same jeans as yesterday, but a different, light yellow tee
  shirt with some kind of football team logo on it.  
She bent forward and put her hands over Linda's on the green- clothed table
  as she looked at her with smiling eyes.  
"Hi, how are you? How do you feel?" 
"Fine", came the soft answer. Voice shy, but eyes and body language confident.   
Fluttering eyelids.  
Short silence.  
"Mmmmm&hellip; how do you feel about our plans? What we've been talking about
  trying? Do you still feel good and hot about it?"  
"Yes&hellip;. Oh yes I do" came the meek answer. The girl slowly got red,
  and again struggled to meet her eyes.  
"Oh Linda&hellip; I'm so glad. You don't know how happy you've made me. So
  thrilled. Just by being you!  
Do you even have the slightest idea what you have promised? How you're going
  to please me? I can hardly believe it until I feel it! It's just too unimaginable!
  Just too fantastic!"  
Mary felt her hands shaking over the girl's. She just couldn't help it! She
  was in control in a whole new and different way tonight, but still. Now it
  was more like plain arousal than nervousness. Just the thought of what they
  would be getting up to&hellip;&hellip; if it wasn't all an impossible dream.  
Again they sat for a long moment without saying a word. But now it felt quite
  OK. It didn't matter. They already knew so much about each other.  
Mary knew she should be very careful about some of her questions, but there
  were a few things she just had  to know.  
"Linda dear... what about your parents? What do you say to them? What do
  they know about tonight?"  
The girl shuddered almost unnoticeably, but then met her eyes with her own
  innocent blue ones again.  
"I&hellip; I told my mother I'll be with a friend of mine. I have a friend
  from my class&hellip; Her name is Elisabeth. I just call her Liz. We often
  sleep over at each other."  
"But what if your parents ask her? Call her? Talk to her  parents?"  
The girl looked uncertain again.  
"They won't."  
"How can you know for sure?"  
"I just know. She never does."  
Just like that! It was quite obvious to Mary that the girl didn't want to
  talk about this. And she kept referring to 'she' instead of 'them'. She figured
  they probably were divorced, and she was living with her mother&hellip;.  
She decided to leave that for the time, but for sure she had to find out
  more later on. Could there be some other family problems she should know about?
  She certainly didn't want to end up in a situation where she could get the
  feeling that she had been taking advantages of somebody with personal problems.
  That was not what she wanted. Not what she needed. The whole point about their
  affair was the very fact that it was something both of them wanted, just from
  the bottom of their hearts! From the deepest and hottest sides of their fantasies.
  More than anything! The realisation of a crazy dream.  
No no. Anything else but that would be a major turn- off, no matter how you
  looked at it.  
She definitely had to find out what that was all about. But she had to make
  her moves carefully.  
"You know; it's so odd! Me being almost forty, and you being so incredible
  young!"  
The girl again avoided her gaze until she shook her hands lightly with hers.
  Then those wonderful blue eyes came up to face her again.  
"You must tell me honestly how you feel about it! Really!!"  
Again the girl's response was a faint, unrecognisable whisper, and Mary decided
  to leave also that for later.  
New strategy;  
"Now, Linda; I was thinking&hellip; do you think it would be possible for
  you to join me on a holiday trip to the south? I happen to own a flat down
  in Lievarez at the Sunny Coast together with a person that once used to be
  my husband.  
I can promise a lot of fun, sun and bathing if you go&hellip;. And those
  special things that we will do together. What do you say? I understand you
  cannot answer that here and now, but do you think you can find out in the next
  few days? That would be the best time for me, you see!"  
The girl listened in silence. Then those wonderful eyes looking right into
  hers again.  
"I don't know. I suppose I could go for a few days, but I don't know what
  I should tell my mom."  
"Well, what about some kind of organised excursion? Or a girl- guide trip
  to the forests? Try to think of something! Anything?"  
Again the girl didn't answer much, and Mary decided she would give her the
  days she needed to think of something. If she really wanted it as much as she
  had said, she would find a way. For sure&hellip;.  
They had received an ice cream desert each, and enjoyed the flavoured meal
  in silence. Then Mary made a decision;  
"Tell you what, little nugget; I suggest you find an evening really soon,
  when you can come back to my place. Then we will find out how much you really
  want me, and what we can think of to arrange things, OK?"  
That obviously was what the youngster needed. She quickly batted her eyes
  at her and gave her a much more confidant nod.  
Mary was totally breathless from her own courage. Now she was in complete
  control of the situation, and the move felt like a natural next step on the
  way. But just the thought about what they had just agreed on! That young little
  thing with her in her own flat! Just the two of them together! Oh that sweet
  pleasure of hope and desire!  
And the girl oh so clearly wanted it too. And what else did she want? Could
  there be something already at that first evening?!?  
The girl looked down again, and Mary realized she had been staring shamelessly
  at her. She immediately moved to put a gentle hand over the girl's, and stroke
  her silky locks lovingly. She mustn't let her boiling passion scare her off.
  Play your cards right, and it will encourage her instead!  
The next afternoon was Friday. They met in Lightfield, right at Linda's school.
  Mary saw the little beauty coming wandering along with her bag under her arm
  in the direction of her bench out by the riverbank. The light breeze played
  gently with her hair as she came running the last meters up to sit down beside
  her. She appeared read- cheeked and slightly breathless&hellip;. And beaming
  with enthusiasm.  
"I &ndash; I told my mother I ran into a girlfriend from last summer, and
  that I was invited to stay over tonight! She said OK!" Then her expression
  changed from joy to concern.  
"Would that be OK with you?!? I mean&hellip;. tonight&hellip;.. already??  
Now Mary was the one to get breathless&hellip; completely! Her head spun
  with heated passion, and she had to resist the urge to jump up and yell an
  ecstatic 'yessssss' all over the place!  
Tonight! She would have the adoring little creature in her flat tonight!
  And wasn't she saying she could even sleep over until tomorrow?!?  
"Linda dear, I am overjoyed!" Of course you can come and stay the night with
  me! Of course! No problem at all!! I had some other arrangements, but I'll
  handle that. Nothing that can't wait till later!"  
She almost tore up her cell phone to cancel her long planned rendezvous with
  an old girlfriend one hour later, blaming it on unexpected circumstances. Verna
  would be in town for several days. Time enough for her tomorrow!  
As she put down the phone, she had to take a few deep breaths to calm down
  a little. The little angel sat beside her, looking up at her with those spellbinding,
  incredible blue eyes. Watching her expressions with a heart- warming admiration.
  Like she herself should be some kind of a queen.  
She turned and met her eyes, and gave her a smile that for the first time
  felt almost completely natural.  
"I suppose you need to go home and get yourself ready, little angel. Then
  I will go home and make my own preparations."  
She took a few locks of her silky brown hair and caressed them between her
  fingers.  
"You remember how to find my flat now, don't you? Up to Clearing, and then
  across the street to no. 23b. Or do you want me to pick you up somewhere?"  
"No, it's fine. I've been there many times already. Oh, I can't wait!" The
  girl let her cheek caress the woman's hand, and Mary felt the wetness from
  a single tear of blissful joy.  
That did it! She threw away the rest of her adult inhibition and put her
  arms warmly around her as she continued to whisper sweet nothings into her
  ear. For a long while they sat like that, just feeling each other's nearness
  and excitement&hellip; and that extraordinary unity of understanding that was
  created purely by the language of love and passion rather than the spoken word.  
Mary opened the window even in the kitchen. The flat was unbearably warm,
  even though she was wearing just a light cotton skirt and a bare- shouldered
  blouse. She had worked feverously to get everything ready. Washed the entire
  place from floor to ceiling, sweating and cursing as she collected dust flakes
  that had piled up everywhere for at least two weeks. She could need a real
  slave girl, that's for sure!  
Now everything was as ready as could be, and she was fresh from her second
  shower within the last hour.  
Even though she felt reasonably prepared, she jumped involuntarily as the
  doorbell finally rang.  
The girl was ravishing. That was the plain word for it&hellip; even with
  her young age. A yellow top hanging loosely around her shoulders, showing off
  the sweetest of navels. A pair of black bicycle pants with a dark red stripe
  in the side stretching from waste to knees. Brown sandals on bare feet. Quite
  the little princess charming.  
Mary more or less hauled her inside, and pushed her in front of her into
  the living room. She planted her on the black leather couch with sandals and
  everything. Then she almost spilled the lemon soda drink she had prepared as
  she rushed to pick it up from the kitchen.  
When she let herself bounce down on her right hand side with her own glass,
  she was exactly as breathless as she had decided not to be. Just from a few
  steps back and forth! It made her appear more nervous, and now she really needed
  to show off her calm and confident side&hellip; more than ever! She knew perfectly
  well that she would have to be the one to take things in the direction she
  wanted. The girl was ready for action, but she definitely needed a woman who
  knew what she wanted.  
And she knew what she wanted, all right! The clue was to get them there without
  scaring the little darling off. To make it a fantastic experience not only
  for herself, but for both of them. She knew that was essential for their relationship
  to last. And she certainly wanted it to last&hellip; to last forever and ever!  
But still she couldn't avoid another of those short, embarrassing moments
  of silence, as she roamed through her mind for a way to start the whole thing
  off. The line that would melt the ice once and for all.  
She put her arm around the tiny shoulder. Pushed herself a little closer
  to her. Felt her tit press against her upper arm. Did she notice that she wasn't
  wearing a bra? That her arm was in contact with the real thing? Only covered
  by a thin piece of fabric?  
She pulled her even closer. Let her tit press firmly against her. Letting
  it bulge up from under the cutting of her blouse. Her hand playing lightly
  with the locks of her hair.  
That took the edge off. Some of it, at least. Suddenly there was no need
  to talk. Silence was almost like a natural part of their first real contact.
  Her heart jumped as she saw the girl's eyes flash over and dive down into the
  opening of her blouse. Just a flash, but she had noticed!  
"Linda dear. Dear, dear girl of mine&hellip; Do you feel good? As good as
  me? Do you?"  
She had to draw her breath deeply after just those few words. Her heart was
  already racing! She was in the process of loosing control of her body. Totally!
  Just after touching that wonderful little thing! Holding her shoulder. Feeling
  her close to her body.  
And now a small shiver ran through that young body too. The girl lifted her
  eyes and met hers for the first time in several minutes. Those crystal clear
  eyes. Looking right at her. Frank and honest and open... and amazingly full
  of confidence!  
"Yes&hellip; yes I do. Oh yes!" She blinked a few times, and took a deep,
  shaky breath. "I feel soo good&hellip; with you. I knew I would from the first
  time I saw you! It's just&hellip; just&hellip;"  
"What dear? What?! You can tell me everything&hellip; you know!"  
The girl looked down for a moment. Then those eyes came up at her again&hellip; melting
  her heart&hellip; and mind&hellip;  
"Just&hellip; just&hellip; that I feel a little frightened! A little&hellip; afraid.
  What we will do&hellip; I mean&hellip; you understand?  
Heat flushed through Mary's body as she saw those beautiful eyes get moist
  and almost overflow by emotions. Now it was her time to draw a deep, shaky
  breath.  
"Of course I do. Of course&hellip; of course!" She finally put her still
  stroking hand behind the silky neck and went down on her lips for their first,
  deep kiss. Her tit squeezed even harder against the little shoulder, and she
  felt her nipple slip all up the inside of her blouse&hellip; almost to the
  edge. It was hard like a nut, and so sensitive that she felt her hormones almost
  bubble over as it rubbed firmly against the soft texture. And the shoulder.  
Another wave of passion shivered through her as she felt the girl's almost
  frenetic response. Lips opening wide to welcome her, Tongue meeting her with
  a playful firmness that almost caught her unprepared. Twirling around her own
  in joyful twists before sliding along the edge of her front teeth. Cheeks rubbing
  against the tip of her nose. Practically sucking her into its own world of
  wonderful sensations. That marvellous mouth. That playful tongue&hellip;  
Suddenly another sensation made her jump. The feeling of a new and different
  contact. A brave hand&hellip; Resting gently on her hip. Motionless at first.
  Then caressing ever so gently&hellip; light, loving strokes back and forth.
  Finding and then politely ignoring that little Michelin roll slightly higher
  up. Then moving further up&hellip; slooowly&hellip; caressing.  
The girl now twisted like a snake in her arms. Pressing against her. Rubbing
  her chest at her tit. Melting into her&hellip;  
That little hand continued its bold journey. Making her tremble like a leaf.
  Stealing away her very last gasp of breath.  
Mary felt she almost had to tear herself free to be able to get up for air.
  After meeting those heavenly blue eyes for a split second, she let her head
  sink down into the little neck, whispering sweet nothings into that little
  ear, trying her best to catch up with her breathing. The best she could&hellip;  
Encouraged by her words, the hand came all the way up to stroke her tit,
  squeezing her nipple ever so gently between two caressive fingers.  
Mary felt her self control slipping further away&hellip; like sand between
  her fingers. As those fingers continued to massage her nipple through the texture,
  she stiffly squeezed her face into the soft little neck. Then all of a sudden
  she tore her head up and sealed those wonderful lips with her own again, drawing
  a tiny 'mmmmpph' from the surprised little nymphet.  
The itching in her crotch got so strong that she unconsciously kept on rubbing
  her thighs against each other in an increasingly agitated rhythm. All the same
  time as her behind rubbed down against the soft leather of the couch. Sweat
  broke out on her forehead and she suddenly felt uncomfortable warm even in
  the minimal outfit she was wearing.  
Almost as a response to her feelings, the nipple squeezing against the girl's
  twisting shoulder finally slipped over the edge of her blouse, and suddenly
  her full tit was rolling all over the girl's cheek. The little darling obviously
  sensed what had happened. As Mary came up for air the second time, the girl
  made a short gasp, and then bent to capture that swollen nipple between her
  lips. Securing it with a few, powerful sucks that drew a breathless groan of
  pleasure from the overheated woman.  
Both her nipples now were under masterful titillation. An attack so massive
  that no human being of her nature could possible withstand it. Mary hardly
  even tried to control her feelings any longer.  
She had slid quite low on the couch, and her skirt had travelled almost all
  the way up her thighs. The desire to spread her legs wide and touch herself
  down there was almost unbearable. But she knew that was the last barrier that
  they still needed to overcome. If the girl would back out now, she would get
  insane! Spend the rest of her days in a mental hospital! In reins!! She just had  to
  keep up the last strain of self control somehow, until she finally had those
  wonderful lips where she needed them most of all!  
She grabbed the hand squeezing her right tit and put it down on her naked
  upper thigh. The instant lack of stimulation was replaced by the blissful heat
  of the soft palm against her skin down there. Her pussy was so wet she was
  afraid she had stained the back of her skirt already. Which actually didn't
  matter any more. She wasn't going anywhere! And a cotton skirt could be washed
  easily.  
Was she really going to go through with it? Serve her needs for as long as
  she wanted? As long as she could take it? Even now when things got down to
  reality?  
Her breathing was already turning into more or less irregular gasps. She
  used the hand behind the girl's head to press her firmly at her tit, feeling
  jolts of pleasure flashing back and forth throughout her entire body. The girl's
  hand was already pushing the edge of her skirt gently upwards, and moving carefully
  in the right direction. Still Mary couldn't help grabbing it once again, and
  abruptly guiding it all the way up where she needed it. All until that soft
  palm rested on her naked pubes. Until it was there at last!!  
The girl moaned. Her sucking intensified to such an extent that she occasionally
  imbibed noisily. Her other hand was behind Mary's back, holding tightly around
  her waist and drawing her closer with a persistent pull.  
At first the palm rested motionless between her legs, but then it slowly
  came alive as reluctant fingers started searching their way over her swollen
  pussy lips. After a little bit of fumbling, the middle finger slipped in between
  and into a soaked wetness more juicy than anything the girl had ever felt before.
  As she let the finger slide slowly up and down in the unbelievable wetness
  the woman trembled again and the hand grasped her head almost painfully.  
"Oh Linda&hellip; you're driving me crazy!" She pressed her head back against
  a little pillow behind her neck, squeezing her eyes tightly shut.  
"Mmmmmm&hellip;" the girl purred as she continued feeding on the fat nipple.
  The lady's excited response made her bolder, and she used her finger more firmly
  to increase her pleasure. Trying her best to avoid the most sensitive spot,
  though. She wanted to leave that for the next step. The ultimate step. That
  final act of submission and worship that she had been dreaming of for so long.
  As long as she could remember&hellip; With a hot and horny lady like this one!
  The act that she was also a little worried about. How would it actually be?
  The wetness, the taste and the heat? Would it really be as great as she had
  thought it to be? She realised that she actually didn't know, and that she
  was about to put herself in a position of no return. The woman would never  be
  able to let her back out now. Not with such a heat between them. No way!!  
And she realised there was no way she would do so herself either. The little
  chill of uncertainty and fear slowly faded as her finger slipped still deeper
  in between those soaked pussy lips. The body started trembling slightly, and
  she was more determined than ever to take this wonderful body over the absolute
  peak of pleasure and passion, and make her stay there for all eternity!  
"Linda&hellip; I.. uh&hellip; I&hellip;" Even Mary's voice was shaky from
  her arousal. "I&hellip; I can't stand this any more&hellip; I wanted to&hellip; please&hellip; I
  can't&hellip;"  
The message behind her breathless gasps became clear to the girl as she sensed
  the hand behind her head shift slightly and make a gentle push downwards on
  her shoulder. The nipple slipped moistly out of her mouth, and rose proudly
  into the air, a small thread of saliva still hanging in between. Her full tit
  was now hanging outside her blouse and quivered deliciously as the girl's head
  slowly slipped down under it. She jumped slightly as her nose touched the cold
  metal of the tiny belt. So unsuspected in between the soft folds of blouse
  and skirt.  
For a moment she buried her nose in the soft folds of the skirt, listening
  to the sounds from the body quivering right under it. Her finger still did
  its tricks in the incredible moistness between those spread thighs, making
  slopping sounds as it went in and out in gentle movements.  
Small spasms ran back and forth throughout the belly under her. A short moment
  of uncertainty was subdued by an ever more persistent push on her shoulder.
  Further down&hellip; down to where her hand was. She shifted her head slightly.
  She saw her own hand moving slowly above the neatly trimmed bush covering the
  restless pubic bone. The smell of heated arousal hit her like a slap in the
  face! So strange&hellip; but extremely sweet and exciting. And pleasant! Caused
  by the heat of her arousal, maybe&hellip; but definitely pleasant. Wonderful&hellip; intoxicating&hellip; wild!
  At that very moment the last, faint stings of uncertainty evaporated. In a
  flash she knew that she could go through with everything this woman would want
  from her . Everything  ! There was nothing  she
  wouldn't do to please her&hellip; to the end of days!! The notion went like
  a numbing heat wave through her body.  
Mary's other hand came down from her abandoned nipple to pull the edge of
  her skirt even higher. And suddenly Linda's cheek was in contact with the incredibly
  soft skin of her slightly quivering belly. And then&hellip; her nose was in
  the bush! That sweet smelling bush. In that taft of curls&hellip; right above
  the eternal source of unparalleled pleasure!  
For a moment her senses were totally overrun. The smell&hellip; the soft
  skin&hellip; the bristly curls&hellip; damp curls&hellip; the persistent hand
  on her neck&hellip; urging her to continue. The heated moans from above. It
  all overwhelmed and out powered her almost like an anaesthetic drug.  
Somehow her lady must have sensed her condition. The palm on her head stroked
  her hair with rising impatience, and was soon joined by the other one, pulling
  a stray lock up behind her ear.  
"Linda&hellip; uh&hellip; please," she moaned as she started to shift her
  position. "I&hellip; uh&hellip; let me just&hellip; I can't&hellip;"  
Her left leg came up on the couch as her hand slid down to Linda's back.
  Her skirt slipped further to form a kind of wrinkled belt up at her waist.  
"Please&hellip; you must&hellip; please," she groaned with a strained, almost
  painful voice. "Please&hellip; go down on the floor&hellip; in front of me!
  I just can't wait any longer&hellip; ohhh! Now&hellip; Do it  !!"  
The hand pushing at her back almost made her fall over the lifted leg. Luckily
  she managed to swing her own leg down to make a more or less controlled bump
  down onto the carpet.  
As she struggled to regain control, she found her head firmly captured in
  the woman's shaky hands, abruptly pulling her in between her spread thighs.
  For a short moment her instincts made her fight against&hellip; attempt to
  oppose the ferocity of the action. Try to get on top of the situation, somehow.
  The glistening pussy lips were kind of pouting lewdly at her, seducing her,
  spellbinding her&hellip; opening slightly as the hips slid further down and
  wiggled to find an ideal position on the edge of the couch. It was a visual
  impact as strong as any stinging slap in her face! Something to invade her
  mind and soul&hellip; fill it with this raging mixture of passion and fear.
  Fear of the passion&hellip; the strength of the primitive lust&hellip; the
  look and taste of genuine female desire. Something that she actually didn't
  know anything about still. But what she had been longing for so long&hellip; and
  now it was going to happen. With absolutely no way back!  
Her hesitation lasted just a moment. A microsecond! Then the ever increasing
  pull on her head and an almost painful groan from above got her on the move
  once again. The heavy hips seemed to lift almost clear off the couch to meet
  her as she came forward with the persistent hands. The woman's body trembled
  as the moment of contact was imminent. The greedy pussy lips opened a little
  more, inviting her into the wet, pink interior&hellip; into the source of insane
  pleasure&hellip; the deepest pleasure&hellip; and the most genuine&hellip; for
  both of them.  
And then there was contact!! Intensively soft and caressing. And still both
  of them jumped at the first touch of lips on lips. And as the contact continued
  and deepened, and the sensations of taste and softness blew in all over Linda's
  mind like hurricane Andrew, she started trembling almost uncontrollably. A
  rivulet of juices managed to escape the seal she was building with her lower
  lip and seep down over her cheek, creating a slick, uncomfortable feeling against
  the silky skin pressed to her. Even with her limited experience she managed
  to think that that was a mistake. Certainly! She had to learn to be able to
  get those juices where they belonged; into her mouth! And she had to learn
  fast!  
But as she adjusted to try to collect some of it, she was almost overwhelmed
  by a second flush, burning hot, sense-laming musky and erotic. The pubic bone
  made a firm push up against her mouth, making the task of staying in some kind
  of control even more difficult.  
But she did  feel a new kind of strength now. Somehow.
  An increased level of self- confidence. Most of all from the fact that another
  one of the most important things had been clarified. And clarified exactly
  the way she had been hoping&hellip; and dreaming. This woman tasted wild! Wild
  and untamed&hellip; like a howl from the deepest wilderness, the darkest corners
  of her most primitive soul&hellip; yelling out for her!! Calling her home.
  Home to where she belonged! To where she wanted to be for the rest of her life!  
And this taste, this smell, this overwhelming experience of unparalleled
  femininity fuelled her passions like gasoline to the fire! She could scream
  her heart out in senseless joy!! Suck this lady inside out, until her toes
  curled up and her eyes doubled! Oh what a fantastic feeling! Nothing could
  be even close to this. Nothing  !! Not even close!!...  
So &ndash; difficult or not &ndash; Linda focused on her task with all her
  effort. Her heart almost bursting with happiness as she felt the horny woman's
  tensed grasp on to her head tighten even more and pull her even harder against
  the source of pleasure. The pull was almost painful as the pussy kept mashing
  itself all over her mouth, soaked lips slipping further apart as the trembling
  thighs cramped down around her cheeks.  
Even though there was nothing wrong with the girl's enthusiasm, there was
  still a clear lack of skills. The youngster's hopeless attempts to collect
  the flow of juice almost gushing from the overheated pussy made her forget
  using her tongue. Mary started rubbing herself at the face in a frustrated
  quest for more stimulation, mashing her entire slit all over the girl's face,
  totally giving in to her burning desire. Then she somehow got to her senses,
  and realised through a haze of arousal that Linda needed some time to adjust,
  to be able to learn to do the things she so desperately wanted. She had  to
  be more patient, get a grip on herself. At least try her best. Lack of self
  control could easily scare off more sexually adapted youngsters than this one.
  And the kid hardly knew anything about how to stimulate a pussy yet. Obviously!
  How could she?  
With an almost painful groan she let herself sink back a little, tried to
  relax her thighs and let go of the girl's blond hair.  
"Linda dear&hellip; I&hellip; I'm sorry&hellip; please&hellip; Are you OK?!?" she
  whispered completely breathlessly.  
The girl's lashes flicked open and the beautiful eyes gazed up at her in
  surprise. Mary was relieved to see that her face had been an expression of
  total bliss that clearly indicated that she had enjoyed everything. And the
  girl made no attempts to withdraw when she let go of her head. Quite on the
  contrary, she kept up the kind of subtle pressure with her lips against her.  
"Are you OK? Linda&hellip; I really didn't mean to be so&hellip; I'm sorry!" The
  girl kept looking at her for another moment with those beautiful blue eyes.
  Then she lifted her face just clear of her pussy, using a hand to wipe some
  shiny juice away from her cheek. "It's OK&hellip; really! Miss&hellip; I'm
  fine&hellip; oh&hellip;"  
Her lower lip trembled for a moment and then her eyes suddenly overflowed
  with tears! Mary froze. She made an attempt to get up to try comforting her
  young lover, but before she managed to move, the girl grabbed her thighs with
  both hands and buried her face into her crotch again. Mary trembled all over.
  Surprise gave way to almost insane passion as she realised the true nature
  of the girl's feelings. And then she felt the tongue! Clumsy and unsure&hellip; but
  extremely eager to please!  
"Oh dear girl&hellip; you sweetest love&hellip; Ooooh Linda!!!"  
She sank back again and let her legs slide further apart, allowing the blond
  head to press even harder against her. Even deeper! Again her hands found their
  way down to grab hold of that curly head and add even more pressure to it.  
As the sweeping tongue slid heavily over the top of her clit she had to let
  out a squeal of joy! It was a flush of pleasure unlike anything she had ever
  experienced&hellip; had even been close to! And even accelerated further by
  the girl's uninhibited desire to please! Creating a mental impact possibly
  even stronger than the physical.  
Then the tongue lost the most sensitive spots for a moment and she got a
  few seconds to recover a bit. She knew that just a few more of those flicks
  - no matter how clumsy - would deprive her of any strength, any resistance,
  and bring her to the very brink of orgasm. She could feel the trembling of
  her belly muscles go totally out of control already!  
Then the tongue flicked over the right spot again. Some quick, wet rubs with
  a flattened tongue tip. Mary's spine numbed and she groaned like in deep agony.
  Her pubic bone made an uncontrolled bounce up to meet the stimulation, kicking
  the girl's nose and bringing the roaming tongue out of position again.  
That caused her groan to be even more strained, and the girl suddenly stopped
  her ministration to look up at her with concern written all over her face.
  She didn't loose contact with her mouth, though.  
Mary had to straighten a little to lift her head enough to give her a reassuring
  smile. At the same time she had to resist an overwhelming urge to jam that
  sweet face back in hard.  
A short moment their eyes met to exchange the fundamental understanding of
  joy and pleasure, before those lids dropped down once again for the girl to
  focus on the task at lips. The eagerness of the roaming tongue tip told her
  with all clarity that the girl immediately regained the confidence necessary
  to go for it with the best of her efforts.  
And Linda was thrilled beyond belief! She could sing from pure bliss!! This
  was every bit as wonderful as she thought it would be!! Even more! Simply heaven!
  Nothing less. Her place in life!!  
The lady's response to her inexperienced efforts was more than she could
  ever dream of. The very fact that she  could provide this
  kind of massive pleasure to such a wonderful woman made her whole body tremble
  in something that felt like a sweet cramp! The gaping pussy lips yielded moistly
  to the pressure of her own lips. Sucking her in. Into the fold of unparalleled
  love. Making her one with this source of insane pleasure, this body of unparalleled
  heat, power and passion.  
For a while she lost herself completely in the hot nest of arousal, feeling
  the thighs tens and relax along her cheeks as the sensations rocked the shuddering
  body over her. Then that shuddering got even stronger. The soft curve of the
  belly in front of her eyes bucked and convulsed in a kind of wild dance, sending
  the pubic bone in irregular bounces up against her nose. Harder and harder.
  The heavy sighs turned into ragged gasps mixed with shuddering groans. Fingers
  dug painfully into her scalp to press her face even harder against her.  
She felt with every nerve of her body that it would take just a few more
  eager flicks to bring about the magic moment. The greatest thing of all. The
  first real female ecstasy generated by her! Only  by her!  
And what a moment that would be! Totally out of this world!!!  
Chapter 3 &ndash; Going south.  
The distant humming of the jet engines was a comfortable and almost dizzying
  background noise that made Mary feel quite sleepy. Sleepy and very relaxed.
  Probably because she had been through some very intense days of work and preparations,
  and the exhaustion hit back on her now. Not too much, but quite unmistakingly.  
And she definitely had no reason to be sleepy or tired&hellip; or bored&hellip; or
  anything at all. Actually she should be jumping up and down the aisle in sheer
  joy and ecstasy&hellip; tear the door to the cockpit open and yell 'YESSSSS!!'
  with full lungs. Wouldn't be too smart though, with terrorist alerts and all
  that, so it was better to settle with an inner feeling of tingling happiness&hellip; after
  all. Anyway that's what life is all about, right?!? Happiness!  
And the main reason for her happiness was sitting right there beside her,
  and had just for the mpht time whispered 'I love you' into her ear. Significant
  in any  random selection!  
They had just shared a deep and passionate kiss, and were now sitting back
  enjoying the very fact that they were there&hellip; together. And that they
  were on their way to the long awaited holiday. Finally! To the southern beach,
  with the palms, the Margueritas and the warm, salt breeze from the sea.  
And to what she hoped would be the most exciting and satisfactory erotic
  experience of her life! In every sense of the word. If everything would continue
  the same way as it had so far. From the fantastic start. The start with a bang!
  Every time her thought went back to it she felt a glowing itch in her groin.
  A knot in her belly so sweet it was almost painful. But oh- so powerful in
  its way of reminding her what was in store for her. If she would be able to
  continue playing her cards right.  
Yawn! The steady buzzing from ventilation and engines really was dizzying,
  and she felt herself drift into a kind of slumber as her thoughts went back
  to that fantastic start. That promise of an entirely new life. A life filled
  with satisfaction. The kind of satisfaction she  needed.
  As much as she would ever want! Something tailor- made for her  .
  For her only. At last.  
Although she had been single for so many years, she still felt that she had
  always had to adjust herself and her life according to other people around
  her. The job had taken a lot, obviously. Most of it, actually. She had worked
  very hard on her career for the last ten years&hellip; at least. But also family
  and friends wanted their share. And like a typical woman of her time, she had
  done her best to meet all obligations &ndash; real and imaginary - as good
  as possible. And she had been happy with it. It was only the past two years
  that the idea of looking more after herself had taken root. That she really
  should focus more on her own wishes and needs. And especially try to do something
  to sate her growing appetite for sexual satisfaction. Feelings that had been
  more or less asleep for so many years. Or rather just burning under the surface,
  somehow. Until they kind of broke through, and demanded a fair share of her
  life. Feelings so strong and enduring they took her by surprise.  
Feelings that finally drove her all the way to the decision to try her luck
  with this ad she had been working on.  
And see! Her wishes had come through before she had even been able to put
  down what they actually were. In the shape of this lovely young girl, this
  adorable darling who had promised to please her with all her efforts for as
  long as she could take it! She still found it hard to believe, somehow. Even
  though she had had som hard evidence, definitely statistically significant!
  Actually right on the expected value!!  
She hadn't had sex with the girl since that one, beautiful night, although
  she felt that the girl had enjoyed it just as much as herself. She had experienced
  two heart- shattering orgasms, the last one well after midnight. And the passion
  had been built more on the heat of the situation than the way the girl had
  worked her inexperienced tongue. With some training and soothing guidance her
  technical skills would probably come along in no time. But it was her total
  commitment to the task of pleasing her that really got her. It was so exciting
  she could orgasm almost from the mental impact of the whole scene. This lovely
  girl, down between her spread legs, devouring her pussy, really serving  it&hellip; serving her  &hellip; and
  enjoying doing it possibly even more than she enjoyed receiving it! Yeah! She
  could feel it in every nerve of her body.  
Still&hellip; going away with her on a one week trip like this was an entirely
  different thing. Obviously. She had to remind herself that the girl was still
  pretty much a child&hellip; deep inside. She would need to get used to the
  thought, and the expectations her adult partner would have. For this she would
  surely needed some time still.  
It was hard, but Mary knew that it was important for her to 'stay away' for
  the rest of the time up until their trip together. And even leave her alone
  with her thoughts and feelings. She knew she did the right thing from the simple
  fact that the girl did nothing to initiate further sexual encounters. Not that
  she avoided her or something. She just clearly needed this time to think. As
  simple as that. If she decided not to go with her, there was nothing much she
  could do to make her change her mind. So she would have to keep the interest
  up. Work on it on the right level, so to speak, and do nothing to discourage
  her. Simply play a little hard to get, although they both knew how that was.
  But if she could do it right, she surely would be amply rewarded.  
And she had succeeded! The girl was sitting right next to her. Right here,
  right now! With exactly the same kind of anticipation as herself. Still shy&hellip; still
  a little insecure. But yet the same wonderful young thing that had pleasured
  her so intensely back that first night they had been together.  
Oh that first night! She felt the sweet itching in her groin every time her
  thought just touched into it. As soon as they were installed in their room,
  the girl would have to deal with that immediately! And for a long time!  
The thought of everything they would do as soon as they were alone together&hellip; It
  was almost unreal. Still now. Her head was spinning with ideas, one kinkier
  than the next. And now it was all only a few hours away!  
She looked over at her again, wanting to see this deep affection in those
  wonderful eyes still one more time. Those promises of things to come. She discovered
  that the sweet darling had just dozed off. Her head was in the process of slipping
  down at her shoulder. Such a trustful little thing! Definitely her kind of
  girl!  
What seemed to have worked best was to play the role of the modern seductive
  temptress. Appeal to her senses the same way she would do to a man. Almost.
  The times they had met in between she had made sure to wear her best suits,
  set up her hair properly and in general try to look as good as possible. But
  maintaining her style of the confident lady executive, the well- travelled
  woman who knew her ways around and could get what she wanted. Mixing her cool
  sensuality with a kind of professional innocence that could get even the toughest
  of men onto the hook. If that had been the point. And it certainly worked also
  in that respect. By showing off more than usual of her erotic sides, she attracted
  attention to such an extent that she almost felt harassed. Actually it was
  kind of wonderful to get back home and dress down into her simple robe. But
  it had worked. The girl seemed to be thoroughly on the hook. Exactly where
  she wanted her.  
Enough so to do anything to be with her. Even to go away with her for a full
  week. Just somewhere. Which meant giving herself totally over to her, with
  no real escape, at least not one with any kind of face- saving alternatives.  
She had even lied to her mother to get the opportunity. What kind of retreat
  would that give her if things should go wrong? Non whatsoever. And she knew
  that just as much as Mary. And it was the decisive point. If she could get
  the courage to do that, she could do anything. And that was just what Mary
  needed to know and see. This girl being willing to do anything. Absolutely
  anything. For her.  
She had used several opportunities to show off those small, erotic details
  that she knew would get the blood boiling on any person who would like her
  type of a mature lady. Dark silk stockings with broad, dark crisp seams, held
  up with thin, grey- brownish straps. Straps disappearing up under a tailor-made
  business skirt with a black, lacy and very sexy underskirt. All seemingly innocent
  and accidentally, but still combined with those short flashes of seductive
  eyes back at her, saying clearer than a thousand words that she knew the youngster
  liked what she saw, and that she would love to let her have the goodies!  
Amazing how these things work! So easy with a man. So difficult with a young
  girl. And still so similar when the girl had the right feeling for an elegant
  lady.  
The girl sighed as her head slipped the last bit down onto her shoulder.
  She mumbled something and put her arm around her own. Another of these beautiful
  signals of love. And of total confidence and trust. Again a hot wave of passion
  flushed trough her, making her shiver lightly on her seat. It was so exciting.
  So out of this world! And even though they had already had one wonderful love-
  session, she felt like she was diving into an all unknown paradise once again.
  Possibly even more so exactly because she had experienced it once already&hellip;  
Her victory was hard won though. She was quite sure that her clumsiness could
  have destroyed the whole thing. The worst thing was this nervous chatting she
  was trying to keep up the morning after their wonderful night together. It
  felt like waking from a sweet dream and being thrown into the harshest of realities.
  Linda was still there. Still wonderful&hellip; and still sweet and admiring.
  And she was possibly even more shy and embarrassed than she felt herself. But
  the girl had the luxury of being allowed to pull back and be the shy, innocent
  one. Again Mary felt like being the one responsible of keeping up the appearance,
  create the cosy atmosphere and get the conversation going. And that morning
  she had failed totally once again. In her own eyes.  
Technically she had done everything right. She had been up first to shower
  and freshen up. Then she had given Linda the opportunity to sneak up and into
  the showers while she prepared breakfast. It was almost like a shock when their
  eyes met as she came into the kitchen. Embarrassment beyond compare. Damn!  
Everything had gone so slowly that it felt like a great relief when the girl
  had to leave at noontime. The rest of the day had been a total mess as she
  was trying to calm down and figure out what to do next. She had even been crying
  a couple of times as all kind of emotions came and went in a way totally different
  from what she had ever experienced before. Mary Gardner had been crying! Twice
  in one day! Over some 16 year old girl!  
That night she felt confident that she had messed the whole thing up, and
  that she would never see the beautiful thing again.  
So it had been an enormous relief to see the girl coming walking up to their
  rendezvous- point at the riverbank the next afternoon. With her usual shy smile
  she bumped down beside her with a sweet 'hello'. Mary saw the beautiful hair
  and deep blue eyes glance magically in the warm Sunday sunshine as the girl
  looked up at her. Different from Friday afternoon she wore a jacket, and it
  didn't take Mary long to understand that she had it for some reason. As she
  leaned back on the bench, it slid open to display a dark green tee-shirt with
  the words ' my kiss your bliss  ' written in red graffiti-
  like letters across the chest!  
That did it! Mary gasped and felt her cheeks getting glowing red. The girl,
  who had tried to make a kind of brave pose out of it, lost all her confident
  appearance and reddened too. As approaching foot- steps were heard behind them,
  Mary grabbed the sheet of the jacket hurriedly to cover the shirt with a shy
  'Linda' whisper on her smiling lips.  
For a moment the situation was once again quite embarrassing. But then she
  straightened her back and was able to pull herself together. The girl's move
  after all was the best confirmation of good will that she could possibly get!  
"You little rascal" she had smiled shyly, patting the closed jacket with
  a firm hand. "I should put you across my knees!"  
The girl's eyes flicked up at her again, saying clearer than a million words
  that she wouldn't mind that a bit! Not the slightest trace of surprise, uncertainty
  or irony. Just saying it! With those marvellous, almost worshipping blue eyes
  of hers. Melting Mary's heart like ice in the desert and making it impossible
  to even pretend to be offended by such a suggestive display. And how could
  she pretend to be, keeping in mind what they had already had together? No,
  just like she had felt as she saw it; it really was the  signal
  she had wished for. The message to tell her that there were absolutely no second
  thoughts about what they had done &ndash; and would be doing.  
Still she had needed a few moments to clear her mind before she had been
  able to move on&hellip; to settle it all in plain words.  
After chatting a little about some 'safe' topics, she had cleared her throat
  to get to ask;  
"So you really feel that the shirt of yours says what you feel? You really
  promise to please me with all your efforts all the time when we are together.
  Really make it good for me? All the time?"  
As Linda nodded eagerly, Mary came to think that Linda must have made the
  shirt before their first session together. With this kind of letters it wasn't
  made in just one day. Not on a Sunday anyway. Another signal of her sincerity
  and trust. Another signal that things were definitely  going
  her way&hellip;  
Back in the office Monday morning she felt like an entirely new person! Things
  that used to annoy her terribly suddenly weren't important almost at all. Insignificant.
  Even that asshole Eric almost appeared humane on some occasions. Maybe he sensed
  the change in her&hellip; some way. Maybe mistaking it for a kind of meeker
  attitude. Possibly even a sign that she adjusted herself to his superior leadership?!?  
Whatever. He was suddenly as insignificant as all the rest of it. Of course
  it was all still important to her career, but it didn't stress her on as it
  had before. Because it wasn't all she needed any more. There were so many other
  things to this life, wasn't it? She had herself a devoted little darling slave
  girl! A partner with whom she could share so much of her dream, desires and
  fantasies. Just leave all the trivialities of the emptiest part of her life
  behind. And go for the important things. The really  important
  things! Herself. The two of them. And what they were going to build together.  
A few days later they had met in a coffee- bar near the school. The girl
  was so eager she almost ran in the door. That was when she came up with the
  perfect cover story for their trip; a one- week guided trip to this place Lievarez
  at the Sunny Coast. As a scholarship for the best students in her class! There
  was a huge amusement park there with dolphins, seals and an underwater world
  section for studying all kinds of subtropical fishes and marine life. Even
  as a cover it was an ideal place for the girl to stay and learn for a full
  week. Fun, education and &hellip; fun! All different kinds of fun!  
The summer holidays were just tree weeks away at that point, and they immediately
  began plotting to make the necessary arrangements. Linda arranged things about
  the trip with her mother. She told her that in order not to loose valuable
  time, it was decided that the trip should be done immediately after the end
  of the semester. To ease any worries, Mary arranged a cell phone for the girl.
  That way it would be easy for her to stay in touch with her family. The phone
  was explained to be part of the scholarship arrangement as well.  
And so&hellip; they waited. Until this wonderful day when they could enter
  the plane that would take them to their new life. Finally!  
Mary had felt like in a haze. She had decided not to touch herself at all,
  just to make sure she would be hot as hell for what was coming. That was a
  decision that turned out to be very difficult to stand by at times. But she
  had managed! And now she was on her way to collect her reward!  
The girl sighed and nuzzled her head against her shoulder. Mary felt the
  heat of love and passion run through her body in a light shiver. She lifted
  her hand to caress the soft cheek and those sweet locks of hair.  
"Sleep my little darling" she whispered to herself. Sleep and collect your
  strength. We're having som very long night ahead of us!  
As the plane started it decent, she leaned back and tried to relax too. The
  sun was slowly getting red over the horizon. She yawned. Just a few more hours
  now. Getting over to the flat, unpacking, and then a late dinner somewhere
  near. And then the world would be only for them. Then they would find out what
  life was all about. Just the two of them. Down there&hellip;. in sunny Lievarez.  
Chapter 4.  Southern dreams. 
Finally there! Sea, sun and unlimited freedom. A place to truly enjoy all
  the finer sides of life 
The bellboy  a good looking guy of about 25 - bumped down the two heavy suitcases
  at the bedroom door in their suit. As he turned against them with a polite anything
  else, maam', Mary tipped him off with a small note. Which prompted him over
  to open the curtains and windows to display a fabulous view of the beach below
  and the wide horizon of the ocean beyond. The soft breeze immediately grabbed
  the curtains and started flicking them lightly. Fresh and warm ocean air filled
  the room, immediately replacing the somewhat artificially dry air from the
  conditioning unit. 
I hope everything will be to your satisfaction. Enjoy your stay. 
As soon as the door shut behind him, Mary and Linda fell in each other's arms.
  Finally alone Finally together! They held tight for a long moment without saying
  a word. Then Mary relaxed and looked down into Linda's spellbinding eyes with
  a snug smile. I certainly hope so too! 
She felt almost light- headed from joy Happy, relaxed and quite sexy. The
  unfamiliar uncertainty she had felt before was totally gone. She could still
  feel a little sting every now and then, somewhere deep inside, but the eagerness
  and admiration that the girl had shown  no matter how clumsy she had felt
  herself  had given her the comfort she needed to kind of get on top of the
  situation. From here things could only go the right direction. They would be
  able to find and develop their relationship exactly the way they both wanted  and
  needed. 
The girl's arms hugged her skirt- clad waist under the jacked as she rested
  her head against her neck and sighed. The ardentness of the movements and the
  light trembling in her breathing clearly told Mary that the girl was glowing
  hot already. Hot for her! Ready to please a lady! 
For a moment she let the girl enjoy the fullness and heat of her body. Then
  she reached back to grab the hands folded behind her back. 
Linda dear, we should unpack and prepare. We've got things to do! With a
  loving smile she freed herself from her grasp and held her hands in her own
  as she bent slightly to look deeply into her eyes. 
Now you take this suitcase and I take the other. We want everything to be
  tidy and ready for our first night together, don't we? 
The girl looked back at her with this familiar shyness, now mixed with a light
  touch of confusion. First night? 
You know first night here. First time  really  first time - of
  our new life together! 
She stroked the youngster's cheek with her most tender caress. Then urged
  her on to start unpacking with a light slap on her behind. 
The things were out and in their cupboards shelves in no time. Mary in the
  mean time made practical arrangements for the flat and inquired about new restaurants
  and things like that with the hotel front desk. Linda even noticed something
  about changing some of the chairs in the living room- corner. She couldn't
  understand why. They looked perfect with generously padded leather chairs and
  a dark, shiny oak table. But whatever the gorgeous woman wanted, it was fine
  with her. Whatever  she wanted! 
And the lady certainly knew what she wanted, in every aspect of their relationship.
  Before the girl even knew it, she had been over in her wardrobe to select a
  suitable dress for their evening dinner. Just a thin tee-shirt and light cotton
  panties, nicely matching the light high sandals she had been wearing on the
  journey. 
You don't need anything more down here, I tell you. It's still hot outside
  for many hours. And besides we'll be walking just one block down the street.
  Shall we? 
And her mistress was definitely right about the temperature. The heat met
  her like a slap in the face as they stepped out into the duskiness of the evening.
  Cars and bikes roared by with noisy engines. Filling the humid air almost the
  same way as the smells of all kinds of fries and oils and cheap fast- food
  that mixed with the salty scent of cool ocean. All of it adding up to the oh-
  so familiar picture of her childhood summer holiday resorts. 
She felt Mary's hand around her waist as she steered her on in the right direction
  through the milling crowd of people at the entrance. Then the hand sought out
  her own as they strolled down the street together. 
It felt so strange! Here she was, Young Linda Verdale, walking alone thousands
  of miles away from home, holding hand with a woman in a dainty business suit.
  A woman she had known only a few weeks, and met just a few times during that
  time. A woman nearly old enough to be her mother. How could she ever get herself
  into such a situation? Did she even have the slightest idea what she was doing? 
For a moment the old uncertainty came over her and ran a chilling shudder
  down her back. The same feeling that had kept returning the first days after
  she had met her. But then it was haunted off once again and replaced by the
  same calmness she had felt inside for the last couple of weeks. Mary's entire
  persona was so awesome, so strong and trustworthy that it served to convince
  her 100% that she had done the right thing. This mixture of anxiety, awe and
  admiration just served to strengthen the ties that she felt was growing between
  them. Ties that threatened to make her completely dependent of this fantastic
  woman. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by a tug in her hand as Mary rounded a corner
  and went up an alley on a somewhat dirty red carpet. The alley was quite narrow
  with torches on the stone walls at each side, sending a deep light with flickering
  shadows over the carved motives of some kind of sea- monsters that were draped
  in an eastern resembling style all around the thick, wooden entrance door to
  the restaurant. Suddenly the noisy street was quite distant and replaced by
  this almost oriental mood of mystery and timelessness. 
An older, white haired man in a slightly overdone uniform stepped forward
  to open the ancient- looking heavy door as they approached the front. The way
  he smiled and greeted her companion told Linda that they most likely knew each
  other from earlier visits. 
Seated at the table she got the nerve to ask. Why shouldn't she anyway? Couldn't
  be anything wrong about that 
Well, I've been here on several occasions, if that's what you mean, Mary
  told her. Just let's say that this place pretty much is a part of my past.
  The last few years I've been here with friends of mine. Last year I was here
  twice with a good friend and associate named Angela. Mary smiled warmly at
  the young girl as she once again reached out to stroke her cheek; But now
  we're here, You and I! So let's have a decent meal! 
Mary ordered some strange looking fish dish for herself, and helped Linda
  to a light beef in a spicy mint sauce. 
They chatted lightly and quite relaxed about nothing in particular for a little
  while, until the lady sighed and leaned back in her seat, patting her lips
  elegantly with a red napkin. The silk scarf in her neck was already opened,
  and several of the buttons in her blouse undone. She smiled again as she admired
  the sweet, innocent look of the girl opposite to her. 
I don't know if I should be so straight forward, but what the hell! I have
  to admit I'm so horny I can't even enjoy my meal properly!! 
She leaned forward again, making a sweet display of her bosom pushing forward
  to almost overfill the elegant bra under the straining material of her shirt.
  Linda felt a rush of heat through her body as she feasted her eyes on the full
  bosom and the deep cleft deliciously caressing an elegant little drop- shaped
  golden pendant. 
Then their eyes met again in a long, breathless moment. 
Oh, Ms.Mary, the girl breathed as a flush of unadulterated desire sent
  a glowing hot wave throughout her entire body. She put her hand over Mary's. P  please couldn't
  we just go back to the hotel? I'm really not very hungry right now. Again
  her eyes dropped down to admire the fullness and sensuality of the shamelessly
  protruding bust. Mary tried to push them even further forward for the girl's
  enjoyment, feeling how the remaining buttons were close to popping any time.
  A wonderful sensation in itself. 
You like it? she smiled as she put her fork down. Would you really like
  to see a little more of me? Stupid question, but still a part of the hot game. 
Oh yes oh yes please! You know I've been dreaming about this since the very
  first time we met! 
Mary was thrilled to note that the girl also seemed to have overcome most
  of her earlier shyness, and now spoke openly and relaxed of her desires. And
  now she let air to all her feelings. All of them! Giving herself to her in
  her typical open and confident way. Unconditionally, submissively, with total
  abandonment, and driven by her intense desire to have pleasure by giving pleasure. 
Mary got so wet she was sure she stained not only her skirt but even the seat.
  Luckily she had been prepared enough to wear her special Libresse. The one
  she was forced to start wearing after these fantasies came to her. 
  For a moment she considered trying to stay put and prolong the agony a little
  longer. But all of a sudden just the thought of such a thing was already almost
  unbearable. Letting all her resistance go, she waved impatiently for the waiter,
  and when they finally could leave, it was Mary who almost dragged the girl
  out the door, not even waiting for the old fellow to open it to them. 
As they walked hand in hand up the street they looked more like a loving couple
  than the mother and daughter they had decided to present themselves as. Linda's
  hand around her waist slipped so low that Mary almost felt like removing it
  briskly as they passed through the sliding doors into the hotel. And when they
  got alone in the lift, the girl hugged her tight and landed a rain of kisses
  all over her neck and the bare part of her bulging tits. 
They got so carried away that the clang of the bell came almost as a shock,
  and as the door slid open they had to tear apart breathlessly. Luckily nobody
  was waiting outside. 
Right inside the door of their flat, Linda's hands were all over her body,
  and Mary finally had to grab them in her own to calm the youngster down a little. 
Linda dear, she whispered breathlessly, her bosom heaving under the sexy
  confinement, I I want it. I'd like this to be nice to be good! 
She took the arms and put them over her neck for another tight squeeze. Then
  she took the girl's smiling face in her hand and kissed her deeply. 
You know good for both of us right, in a way. You understand what I mean? 
The girl nodded. She let her hands rest on the woman's hips and tried to behave.
  But the eyes clearly betrayed the wild excitement she felt. 
No, I'd like us to enjoy this for all it's worth. I would like to take a
  very long and very hot shower together with you, be close to you and feel your
  passion mixing with mine. Wouldn't you like that? 
Again an eager nod. Dark eyes scanning back and forth over her face as she
  talked. Taking in every detail. 
Could you be a dear then and go fetch the robes for us? And then you can
  turn on the shower and adjust it as hot as you can take it. That'll be fine
  for me too. 
With a final kiss Mary turned the girl around and patted her behind to get
  her going. 
As the youngster ran off, she hurriedly shred her clothes on the bed. As Linda
  returned with the robes, she was naked, just draped in a huge towel from the
  shoulders down. The girl froze, awestruck by the beautiful sight. With a seductive
  smile Mary reached out to take the robe out of the stunned girl's hand. She
  waited for a moment until she nodded her head in direction of the bathroom. The
  shower, if you please?!? 
The girl came around, and quickly disappeared inside. She could hear her struggle
  to get out of her clothes, and a moment later the water splashed against the
  tiles. 
For a moment she stood like that, looking at the door. Her heart pounding
  in her chest and her nipples uncomfortably stiff against the soft material
  of the robe. She couldn't help feeling that going in there would be the first
  step into her new life, that her future would be sealed, almost like a point
  of no return. 
In there was the first time that they would actually see each other completely
  naked two Eve's about to find the path to unparalleled pleasure. Oh, she was
  so horny she could burst!! 
Resolutely she threw the robe back off and stepped forward in all her nude
  glory to open the door. The bathroom was already thick with hot steam, and
  she could just barely see the contours of the young body under the spraying
  water. With short, slow steps she approached, arms hanging along her side,
  tits pushed forward as far as they would go. Trying to look like a Greek goddess,
  as sexy as humanely possible. She didn't feel much that way though. All naked,
  the feeling of being dirty after the long journey was still too prominent for
  that. But that was a thing that a distinguished lady always had to deal with,
  and besides it was about to change really soon, and then things were going
  to be entirely different. 
She felt the sharp sprays of water dig into her neck and scalp as she moved
  in under to face the girl. Again she couldn't resist the desire to grab her
  face and go down for another deep kiss. The girl managed to control herself
  a little better, and just rested her hands gently on the woman's waist, right
  over her hips. As they moved together in a new tight hug - continuing the insatiable
  kiss - the hands slipped down to caress the rounded globes of her ass cheeks
  though. Again a little too audacious for her taste, but now Mary had no doubts
  about letting it happen, and signalled her approval by letting her hips gyrate
  slowly against her, feeling the passion rise to uncontrollable levels. As she
  broke away for air, she felt her legs almost give and her entire body tremble.
  The hands on her bum grew bolder and probing finger started searching down
  between the wet globes to find her pleasure source. Mary grabbed a piece of
  soap and started rubbing herself down almost feverishly as the fingers approached.
  As an index finger found its way in between her throbbing pussy lips, she again
  had to grab the naughty hand. Incredible! This little strumpet was just like
  a boy. Maybe even worse! The impatient fumbling almost made her angry. 
In a swift moment she took the soap and slipped it into the impudent hand. 
Give me a proper rubdown now darling. You know how I like it, don't you? she
  whispered into her ear. 
  The girl's expression changed from uncertainty to excitement once again, and
  she jumped to obey her mistress' wishes. Mary could just raise her arms and
  let her body be covered up by milky foam as the girl worked her way all over
  it. She had to moan deeply as a sleek hand started rubbing all over her crotch,
  again penetrating both her holes with eager fingers. Now it felt much more
  appropriate though, and she could just give herself over to the melting sensation
  as the hand massaged her most sensitive spots. 
She felt herself being pushed gently into the cleansing shower once again,
  and those wonderful hands continued caressing her till she thought she would
  yell out her passion in blind delirium. 
  As the last soap was away, the girl fell to her knees in front of her. With
  her nose just inches away from her bush, she started caressing Mary's thighs.
  But soon the seductive hands slid up to her buttocks, and before she even knew
  it, Linda's hot young lips were on her pussy! Mary gasped as her clit was sucked
  gently out from its confinement to be met by a gentle tongue. Oh nooo! The
  heat hit her almost like a fist in the belly. She grabbed the bobbing head
  with both hands. This was going to fast. Way too fast! It shouldn't be like
  this not yet! 
For a moment she stood like lamed. Water splashing all over her. Running into
  her eyes. Blurring everything. There was no way she could be able to interrupt
  a wave of feeling as mind bending as this. The tongue was massaging the base
  of her clit in a wild flicking that again made her legs buckle under her. Oh
  golly, it was coming onto her already. No! It couldn't be! Not yet !! 
She managed to twist away with a solid grip in the girl's hair. Powerlessly
  she sank back against the tiled wall as she tried to support herself. This
  was more than a mortal woman could take. Too much too soon. She knew she would
  need a very strong drink very soon. 
Oh Linda this is just Come up here please! She grabbed the girl by the
  arm and pulled her up against her. Let us uh finish up in here, and then
  get out to bed, OK? 
Without waiting for an answer she once again went down on those wonderful
  lips for a deep kiss. With shaky hands she started soaping the slender body
  feverishly to have her ready for bed too. The girl kept clinging to her, and
  on several occasions one of her nipples were engulfed by soft, warm lips as
  she worked, adding even more fuel to her burning excitement. 
Soon the soap and water was off, and they dried each other with soft, fluffy
  towels. Now she felt completely clean and really ready for what was coming
  up. She would have preferred to use the hair- fan as well, but there was no
  way she would be able to concentrate on that now. Definitely a time to use
  a hair towel short- cut! 
Mary staggered out of the bathroom with the young girl's arm around her towel-
  draped waist. She got herself up to the bar and proceeded to pour herself a
  stiff glass of bourbon. Linda had wrapped herself up the same way, but clearly
  didn't know how to fasten the towel properly, so she had to use her naughty
  hands to keep it in place as the lady swept down the liquor in a short, gracious
  movement. Then she got up. With the liquor glowing it's way down her chest,
  she put up her most seductive smile, took the girl by the hand and led her
  along over to the alcove with huge bed. 
Chapter 5.  A hot night. 
Mary collapsed down on the huge bed, pulling Linda down on top of her. They
  were both still draped in their towels, Mary even with the one holding up her
  hair. The robes had been left behind over at the couch. 
The towels had absorbed some humidity from the steamy bathroom, which made
  them feel nice and cool as the outside evening heat threatened to overwhelm
  the silently humming air conditioner. 
Mary grasped the dark head and went up for another bout of hot kisses. The
  girl wrapped her arms around her neck and pressed down against the soft lips
  with trembling passion. None of that impudent roaming from the showers. Maybe
  she finally understood Mary's dislike of it. If she had wanted a fumbling young
  boy, she would have got herself one in ten minutes! Although her body was
  ready for passionate caresses, it should be treated with some respect! 
For a short moment they lay like that, just rocking slightly back and forth rhythmically
  with every second heartbeat. Then Mary let the final swing flip them over to
  the side. Still clinging together, not interrupting the kiss, she used a free
  hand to flick the loose end of the towel away and throw it behind her on the
  bed. Then she did the same to Linda's, removing the final obstacle between
  their naked tits and bellies. 
Now they were as close as one can get Belly against belly, tits against tits.
  A wonderful sensation beyond anything any of them had ever felt before. Especially
  with the tingling happiness of love. Hot and passionate love. Yes! If this
  wasn't true love, Mary realised she had never known anything like it in her
  entire life, at least not up until now. True enough she felt the sexual need
  burning like a raging flame in her belly, but it was so much more. Deeper and
  more tender somehow like a fundament on which the sexual arousal could grow
  into unendurable proportions. 
And it definitely was unendurable! To an extent where she felt impatience
  taking over although she immensely enjoyed the wonderful feeling of contact
  and understanding radiating out of their tight embrace. 
But she needed more. Her body called for action. Her nipples ached for a stimulating
  touch. 
She let herself slip slowly onto her back, gently pulling the girl's head
  along and at the same time nudging it ever so lightly downwards. Like an almost
  imperceptible encouragement for her to go for it. Her nipple pointed into the
  air right under the girl's nose, almost painfully stiff and protruding, her
  tit wobbling delightfully as it came to rest with her new, comfortable position. 
Another light nudge at the top of the dark head was what it took, then her
  body jerked lightly from the sensation of the nipple being engulfed by a pair
  of unimaginably warm and soft lips; a sensation so rapturous in hunger and
  wetness it made her toes curl from heated tension. 
And then a gentle sucking motion - combined with a little too light tongue
  flicks across the sensitive top - added even more fuel to the fire. Mary could
  yell out her desire and happiness shake her head wildly and scream from the
  top of her lungs before she had even been touched down there. Down there where
  the real  fire was waiting to take her into a world of sensations
  she could just barely comprehend from their first session together. 
As she lay motionless, just absorbing the sensations of the tenderly working
  lips, it struck her again; She had probably just experienced the first light
  waves of pleasure yet, just a taste of what was coming to her. With som experience
  and training this miracle of a girl would probably do much better than this.
  Unimaginable much better. She could feel it in every nerve of her body. 
Just the realisation flushed an extra wave of heat through her body and she
  moaned softly and impatiently as she gently started rubbing her thighs against
  each other. 
The girl was almost too passive too meek. Being audacious was one thing doing
  too little quite another! She decided the girl needed some encouragement to
  be able to start looking for the right tracks herself. It wasn't about being
  impudent, it was about doing it right when it was right. 
Linda dear lovely little darling! You don't need to be bashful I mean don't
  be shy to do what you like. Not at all! You know how much I'm longing for
  your for you! 
Mmmmmmm the girl moaned. Then she let the stiff nipple pop out of her mouth
  as she looked up, her lower lip shaking from emotion. 
Oh Miss Mary, I want it want you so much. Please just tell me how to do
  it right. To love you Again the lip trembled, and for a moment it looked
  like she would simply burst out crying or something. Mary let her hand stroke
  her cheek before letting it dig into the mane of her silky hair, right behind
  her ear. 
Don't worry darling! She bent to kiss her quickly on the forehead. You
  don't need to be told anything. You know what to do. You know how I like it.
  You can't imagine how I feel just thinking of our first time together. You
  were almost perfect then. You'll be even better now! 
Oh the girl stretched to kiss her again. Can.. can I do you think it's
  OK? Please!? 
But of course darling! Mary smiled. Thought you'd never ask! 
The girl was already struggling downwards. Mary couldn't help musing at the
  girl's ardentness as she helped her along by throwing the lower flick of the
  towel aside and spreading her legs in a slow, gracious movement. In her eagerness
  the youngster almost fell out of bed! Mary heard a faint thump as the girl's
  knees slipped off and hit the carpeted floor. She felt the dark head glide
  down between her legs, and stretched her body lazily as she opened wide to
  welcome the eager youngster for the long- awaited contact. 
Her senses were over- stimulated. She could feel everything ten times stronger
  than before. The girl's hands pulling lightly at the upper thighs, kind of
  grabbing hold of her as she got ready for the ultimate taste. 
And then she felt the tongue. Finally! 
Insecure, a little clumsy, but oh- so anxious to please! Finally, after that
  first evening of nervous, wonderful love. Finally ! Oh yes! 
After a moment of careful tongue- tip titillation the girl found one of the
  right spots, and Mary moaned as the glow of passion spread all through her
  belly and the rest of her body. The passion that could only be generated from
  a devoted service girl's desire to please. 
After doing a little bit of fine adjustments to find the optimal position,
  she let herself sink back into a cloud of heavenly feelings. She was here!
  Finally! In this hot night. In her favourite southern apartment, descending
  into the sweetest depths of the very dream that had been on her mind so often
  these past few years. Now it was her turn! Her turn to take care of herself
  and her own needs. Just forget about everything else and be the one to be cared
  for. Be the one to be worshipped like a queen, desired in a way that focused
  on her own pleasure and hers alone! 
She moaned again. Deep and shuddering. She just had  to let her hands
  slip up to start massaging her nipples. There was no other way. Later she would
  teach the little strumpet to take care of that part as well, but now it just
  was like a natural reflex in response to the raging heat in her body. 
She felt almost like drifting. Hovering weightlessly in her own dimension
  of mindless pleasure. And it felt so even though the girl wasn't doing it quite  right
  yet. Her eager tongue often slipped off the best spots, or simply worked too
  lightly when in position. Still it definitely was good enough to keep up a
  level of excitement that was further fuelled by that unparalleled enthusiasm.
  Muffled sounds of ecstatic joy came from down there, clearly indicating the
  excitement the girl felt about doing what she did. That part of it clearly
  was in order. 
And that was a major part of it too. She needed to know that she was desired
  so passionately. That her young partner apparently would do anything to be
  able to please her. It was as important as the pleasure itself, such a thrilling
  notion that the physical part of her worship created a combination so intense
  she felt she would be able to reach her crisis almost without being touched
  at all. 
Oh, it was coming to her already! Incredible! As the tongue twirled around
  near the base of her clit, she could feel the familiar burning knot in her
  belly forming and slowly spreading. The tongue continued its play right off
  the best spot, and she couldn't resist the urge to slip one hand down to try
  to guide it in the right direction. For a moment she succeeded, and that contact
  lasted long enough to drive her all the way up to the edge in a few, breathless
  flicks. And then over. 
She exploded! 
Her hips lived their own wild life, bouncing back and forth as the cramps
  hit her relentlessly. The girl's mouth slipped almost completely off her pussy,
  and Mary had to use her other hand to hang on to the dark head and force it
  back where she needed it. Eventually the girl sensed herself enough to grab
  hold of her hips and try to hang on from her side as well. By doing this she
  somehow found back to the throbbing clit again, prolonging and intensifying
  the orgasm to make it one of the best ones the woman had ever experienced. 
As the ecstasy subsided and was replaced by an oversensitive tickling, the
  tongue was back almost exactly at the right place. Too late though, because
  at this stage the stimulation was far stronger than what she could take, and
  she had to free herself with an almost abrupt push on the girl's forehead. 
The move took Linda completely by surprise. As her head was yanked away and
  the legs jerked up and together above her head, she almost fell down to the
  mattress. For a short moment her nose was squeezed into the soft crack between
  the woman's soft ass cheeks until she slowly slipped over on the side and rolled
  up almost into a ball. Linda lay panting heavily for a moment right in front
  of the glorious behind, watching the puckered little anal opening quiver delightfully
  with the woman's breathing. Then she worked herself up on her elbows to start
  planting gentle kisses all over the beautiful, almost illuminating globes. 
Mary enjoyed the warm feeling of exhaustion for a little while as she let
  the girl use her sweet lips to show her devotion. Then she groaned as she slowly
  stretched out and turned back to face her. 
Oh Linda, that was just wonderful out of this world! I haven't cum like
  that in ages! You have absolutely no idea how happy you've made me. 
She looked down at the girl's smiling face. 
Are you OK? Did you enjoy it too? 
The girl laughed and put a wet kiss on her hip before she answered Yes miss Mary I
  have never felt anything so fantastic in my life! 
She got serious before she continued; I love you! I love you more than anybody
  I've ever loved in my life! I only hope I'll be worthy of your love and devotion
  too. If I'll be good enough. 
In a few seconds the girl's expression had switched from all smiles into deep
  concern as she looked up at her lady with those sweet, blue eyes. 
But of course you will, Mary responded with an even broader smile, reaching
  out to stroke her brown curls. I think you're doing just fine. I'm quite sure
  this is the beginning of something very special. Something that can make us
  both very, very happy! 
The girl immediately got her smile back. She grabbed Mary's stroking hand
  and started kissing it lovingly. 
There is nothing I want more than to make you happy. Anything at all! And
  especially what we just did. That was soo special! Do you thing we could do
  it again? Please?!? 
Mary had to stop for a moment just to check on the feelings in her body. Wouldn't
  she be quite sensitive still after a session like the one she had just been
  through? 
Only one way to find out. Smiling seductively at Linda, she let her hand slide
  down between her legs to touch her pussy lips with a gentle finger. 
Oh yeah. She was ready for another go! Her body was so packed with hormones
  just from the way they'd been talking; there was absolutely nothing to derail
  her. Packed! With a sexual energy beyond anything she had ever experienced
  in her entire life. 
Linda dear she whispered as she gently removed her fingertip, I think we
  can try another go. Just be a little careful from the start. Think you can
  do that? 
Yes Miss The girl now completely forgot Mary's wish to use her real name
  only. 
The dark head bent down, and Mary felt the soft tongue find its way into the
  wetness of the slit again. Just like the first time her body needed a few seconds
  to sense what was going on, and then the pleasure impacted like a glowing hot
  flush all over her. Blowing her away! Once again. 
The almost unnoticeable feeling of soreness was gone almost immediately. Replaced
  by the glow of unparalleled passion. Incredible! This sexual energy really  was
  an entirely new experience. 
The tongue found a steady, surprisingly patient rhythm of light flicks back
  and forth under the base of her clit. For a moment it found one of the good
  spots, making her heart start racing again. But then it slipped a little too
  high, and started working right across the tip of her clit. That was a stimulation
  way too intense to be pleasant at this stage. First she tried to adjust by
  lifting her hips a little. But the tongue moved with her and stayed at the
  spot. She groaned almost in agony as she had to reach down and put a heavy
  hand on the girl's head to get her lower. Linda immediately looked up at her
  with uncertainty in her eyes. 
Its its OK dear It's just just Could you go just a little lower, please? she
  stemmed in an attempt to explain her move somehow. 
The girls responded by letting the sticky folds slide up along her face. Then
  she tried to resume her gentle tongue flicking again. But now she was way too
  low. Before Mary was able to try to do another adjustment, the girl found out
  by herself though, and came a little higher. A moment later she found a sensitive
  spot right above the urethra, and Mary sighed happily as the mouth heat spread
  out through her body again. 
They lay like this for a while as the girl brought her lady up towards yet
  another peak. Mary let her hand play joyfully with the brown locks over the
  girl's neck as her breathing got heavier and heavier. As her body started trembling
  and tensing, she noticed the girl reacting more or less the same way. As her
  belly tightened and she grasped the dark head in both hands, she felt the youngster
  shudder violently too. 
Then the orgasm hit her with such force that she thought her body would seize
  up. She trashed around all over the bed and lost her grip of the girls head.
  A shriek of pain escaped the little darling as Mary tried to hold her in place
  by grasping a handful of brown locks. It was a terrible lack of stimulation
  as the contact was broken, and she rolled over to the side as she used her
  other hand to replace the wonderful tongue. Almost like in a distance she somehow
  felt the girl trying to get back in position, but being bounced off by the
  trashing hips and thighs. 
Only at the last stage of her ecstasy did she calm down enough for the little
  darling to squeeze her way in between her legs and seal her hungry lips to
  her pussy again. Almost desperately. Like she had failed her most important
  duty. Mary could feel the tongue forcing its way in between her fingers in
  an attempt to find her clit, and quickly withdrew her hand. With a deep sigh
  she let herself slip over on her back as the girl nursed her through the lingering
  stages and down into a state of soul- draining exhaustion. 
For a moment her head felt completely empty. Drained of every last quark of
  emotions, thoughts and energy. Some kind of ringing in her ears. A ringing
  feeling of happiness. Such enormous orgasms! So powerful they made everything
  she had ever experienced before feel like an hour at the dentists! Was it really
  possible that this was what she could expect every time they were together?
  From now on?!? The entire notion was too fantastic even to contemplate! Even
  though the youngster didn't manage to stay with her all the way through this
  time. Even though she did a number of quite important mistakes. But all this
  would come with some training and experience. She had the talents, the enthusiasm
  and the passion that it took. That was the important thing for now. And it
  still had been a heck of a cum! No doubt about that. One of the best in her
  life!! 
Oh how she loved that girl. She realised she would be as dependent on her
  as she felt the girl was on her. Or her mouth, to be more precise her tongue.
  Her devotion. Her willingness to please. The tension and anticipation the
  entire situation of the two of them together. Making love. A lifetime worth.
  From morning to evening and far into the night. And into the fairy tale! 
She was in a state of blissful slumber in the hot room. She had even stopped
  playing with the silky locks of the girl's hair down there. If this continued
  she would end up falling asleep and sleeping away the whole wonderful evening. 
Linda lay almost motionless with her head on her belly, breathing deep and
  regularly. Maybe she already did fall asleep? A sleeping beauty a hot little
  ting a little slave girl tired from performing her duties for her mistress.
  The duty to make her feel good all the time. Feel great. Like the queen of
  queens. And didn't she feel just fabulous?!? 
Still - now when she was a little bit relaxed  there was this potential of
  improvement; the question of purely technical skills that could only be improved
  by training. Regular and systematic training. And it definitely was a technical
  thing. There was nothing to say about the enthusiasm, that's for sure. 
The girl was just wonderful! So consumed by her efforts to please. Small squeals
  of strained joy escaping her when she sensed her shuddering responses to her
  oral ministrations. But still, no matter how much she tried, she wasn't able
  to stay on the right spots at the right time. When she was as overheated as
  she had been today, it really didn't matter that much. She was ready to blow
  off like a firecracker as soon as the little strumpet got near her! The quest
  for the really top quality performance would come when her nerves were calmed
  and she would want the gentle, patient and relaxing stimulation that would
  keep her on a slow boil for hours. The kind of love she had actually been dreaming
  of most of all. The kind that they from obvious reasons hadn't been even close
  to trying yet. 
Just the thought of that  the image of herself in a chair enjoying a lemon
  drink and a full day of perfect oral service  set her crotch on fire once
  again. Incredible! It was like she had never had sexual relief at all! No risk
  of getting old too soon with this lifestyle!! 
Her body called for even more sexual action, but there was still the matter
  of perfect service. She hadn't actually planned to bring it up already the
  first evening, but she decided now was as good a time as any, actually. 
Linda dear she started, picking up a fair lock of dark hair again. Are
  you sleeping? 
Mmmmm nooo. Without lifting her head, the girl caressed the incredibly soft
  skin of the belly under her cheek with light fingertips. I was just thinking dreaming.
  Feeling how happy I am. It's soooo wonderful. 
And yourself? Did you cum good as well? 
She sensed the girl's body stiffen slightly, and for a moment she didn't even
  breathe. 
I I enjoyed most of all the way you had your pleasure. How I felt that you
  truly enjoyed it 
Mary smiled. No answer this time either. Never when it came to her own needs.
  Clearly nothing the girl wanted to even touch in on. 
OK; fine with her! She was quite selfish from nature, and if that was exactly
  what the girl liked. 
Is it OK if I ask you a question? Something I've been thinking of since the
  first time we met? 
Again a light tension in the girl's body. Then she finally lifted her head
  from its soft cradle to meet her eyes. 
Of course miss! You know you can ask anything. Anything ! 
I'm so glad darling, because I know you won't take it the wrong way. And it
  truly is for our own mutual enjoyment. An even higher pleasure! 
She worked herself up on her elbows and picked a couple of huge pillows to
  put behind her neck. Then she let herself sink back again with a big sigh,
  as she pulled the youngster higher up. Linda found her place right between
  the bulging tits. 
You know; you're doing great, and I've already enjoyed two fantastic orgasms
  from your wonderful mouth. Right now I'm the happiest woman in the world. I
  can really sense the passion and intensity in your pleasuring effort, and that's
  almost as exciting as the stimulation itself! 
She smiled and sighed contently as the girl started nursing gently on one
  of her nipples. 
And that's the point. To put it in clear words; the stimulation can be better!
  I mean with some good guidance, you can improve a lot. 
As the girl's body stiffened again, she hurried to add; 
There's nothing wrong about that. Absolutely nothing. We both know you haven't
done this before, so there's no way you can possibly know everything about how
to pleasure a woman from the beginning. Even though a girl knows perfectly well
what feels best to her, there are always differences. Individual differences.
Two women are never exactly the same. And obviously a tongue feels different
from a finger or some vibrator. Different and much, much better! 
Mary smiled and looked the girl deeply into the eyes before she continued. And
  a real woman should be served properly, don't you think? 
The girl looked at her with her big, blue eyes, with this typical mixture
  of confusion and adoration on her face. Then it transformed into a meek smile
  designed to signal understanding and acceptance of the woman's last statement. 
Oh yes miss only the best of course! 
It really didn't feel as an exaggeration the way she had put it. Mary genuinely felt  like
  a real woman right now. A real woman; strong, elegant, independent, horny and
  desired. As real as a woman can get. And desired and worshipped as a real woman
  should be. 
She felt the fire in her groin grow in intensity from the heat of the new
  topic she would be bringing up. 
So, my question is; would you mind if we practiced a little? I mean I could
  show you and tell you what is best  and when it is best. Would that be OK? 
Again the confusion on the face in front of her. Those wonderful eyes looking
  at her with a clearly unspoken question if she wasn't good enough. 
Again dear Linda; Its nothing wrong with you or what you've been doing. You
  should be able to tell from my orgasms. I just want it to be still better.
  And I don't even think it will be difficult for a talented girl like you. Please
  tell me you understand that! 
The girl hesitated another moment. Then she nodded and smiled meekly. Still
  uncertain, but encouraged by her words. 
Wonderful darling! Let's get up and over to the corner section. It is better
  when we move over to a chair. Would you be a darling and bring the robes for
  us? 
The last minute of talking had made the girl forget the nipple under her lips.
  Mary felt an almost agonizing chill as the warm breath went away and left the
  nipple cold and stiff. Another thing that the girl would improve on in good
  time. 
She had a hard time getting up and to her feet before Linda was back with
  the robes for them. 
She had to sigh from joy as the girl put the cool texture over her shoulders.
  With a warm and gratifying smile she grabbed the girl by her waist and brought
  her along over to the corner section at the opposite side of the room. It was
  almost midnight now, and completely dark outside. Only the huge pool was bathed
  in a dim light, its glossy surface sending a meek reflection of the stars above. 
Even though there was nobody to see around outside, she closed the blinds
  properly before she let herself slump down into the deep couch. The girl was
  at her knees in front of her before she was even able to open her eyes. 
Again she put up her warmest and most encouraging smile. Then  even before
  the girl had touched her  she slowly opened her legs to reveal her delightful
  treasure to those hot eyes. Even though she was prepared, she had to let out
  a little gasp as the head came down once again and she felt the thrilling contact
  of lips upon lips. She needed a moment to adjust before she could continue. 
Now, Linda dear please don't feel bad when I try to tell you how to do things.
  I tell you again that I do it for the both of us, definitely not to put you
  down. 
Another moment of correction was needed as the hormone- wave flushed a new
  surge up her body. This time the tongue had found its way to the right spot
  at the base of her clit right away. 
Maybe she didn't actually need training as such? Maybe she just needed time?
  Time to find the right way on her own? Could it be that she was way too impatient
  about it? 
The tongue started flicking back and forth much more persistently than before,
  creating uncontrollable ripples in the skin along her thighs and hips. Just
  like the first time. As though she hadn't had any sexual release at all this
  evening! 
Again she found both her own passion and the girl's progress almost astonishing.
  Those days when she could go for months without an orgasm suddenly seemed ages
  away. Those days when she would focus only on her work. Kind of switch off
  anything that had to do with the need for nearness and relief. 
Oh yes. Right here and right now that was ancient history for sure! She gasped
  as an especially well aimed flick sent a burning sting up her spine. Then it
  was followed by a breathtakingly intense focus on one of the absolute best
  spots. Mary had to let down even more and just absorb the sensation for a while.
  That treatment had her trembling and breathing heavily in no time. Made her
  instinctively spread out even further to make access for that fantastic stimulation. 
Then the stimulation gradually lost intensity again. As the girl's tongue
  started getting exhausted, it got weaker and slipped slightly off the right
  spot. It was still good, but definitely not as good as it could get. And Mary
  knew she wanted the best. Because the girl could  and wanted   to
  give her just that. Her hand came down behind the dark head in an instinctive
  attempt to increase the intensity by squeezing her harder against her. The
  girl groaned in ecstatic joy, sinking her face still deeper into the musky
  wetness soaking her face, but without any sign of understanding the demand
  for an increased stimulation effort. So; better get the focus back on the training
  she had actually changed position for. The girl still had a long way to go. 
First of all she had to learn and appreciate the fact that bringing about
  a really good orgasm is hard work. Sometimes very  hard work! To be
  perfect she had to be conscious about the need to focus intensely on her lady's
  pleasure, and strive to overcome the discomfort and pain of exhaustion and
  soreness. A lot of it could be achieved by technical skills, obviously. And
  the rest by physical training. Plain tongue work, no less! And then there was
  the ability to read and understand her reactions her body language. Come to
  think of it; that actually was the basis of it all. And obviously the right
  thing to get started with. And to get started with right now. 
She gently eased the pressure on the back of the girl's head. She had to clear
  her throat several times before she could speak up. 
Linda dear she breathed. You're so wonderful. You make me feel soo good.
  So absolutely fantastic! 
She sighed deeply as she collected the necessary strength to raise her head
  and look down into the dim- witted eyes of her young partner. 
Are you ready for our little session? Just to get started? 
The girl's eyes focused and looked straight back up at her. She nodded carefully. 
And do you still trust me when I assure you there's no criticism in what
  I'm telling you? Just advice to make everything work out better for both of
  us? 
Another nod. The girl now clearly seemed to understand what she was getting
  at. And why. 
OK. First of all how should I say it? I feel very strongly that you're
  really eager and passionate about giving me pleasure. And getting your own
  pleasure from that. I can feel that in every nerve of my body. What we need
  is to get your technical skill on line with your passion. An orgasm can be
  enjoyed ten times better if the stimulation is perfect all through it, and
  obviously also the moments before. Loosing the right spot right in the middle
  of it all is right out painful! Annihilating almost unbearable! So much that
  it takes your mind away from the pleasure you're experiencing. Do you understand? 
The girl nodded. She'd been paying full attention now. Sensing the importance
  of the woman's words, she had slowed down to a gentle lapping of the pink inside
  between the gaping pussy lips. The beautiful blue eyes shifted between admiring
  her pussy, tits and face as she spoke. 
So; nothing wrong with the emotional sides of it. Let's focus then on the
  technique. After two orgasms like the ones we've experienced now, I think you
  should start to find out what works best with me. 
Mary deliberately used the word  we ' to emphasize that although
  she was the one who had enjoyed the orgasms, they had been brought about as
  a common effort, an almost perfect cooperation. When the time was right she
  would ask the girl how she actually got her own satisfaction out of it. Or
  maybe she did, that last time? 
Mary took a deep breath to overcome the last touch of shyness she still could
  have towards the girl. Then she found herself an even more comfortable position
  before she bent down to start her instructions. 
Over the next few minutes she used her fingers to bare and expose all the
  folds and crannies of her wet pussy, explaining how and where to use her wonderful
  tongue at different phases of a perfect service. She made her seek out and
  gently lap at the clitoral nodule, carefully instructing her how to threat
  it the right way. 
Never go right at the clit in the beginning of a service! You should start
  by playing around at my urethra and the entrance to my vagina. When we get
  further on, you can lap gently at the base of my clit. Sometimes you can use
  your tongue to get under the hood on top of it and stab gently. Or wiggle it.
  If you go to the grooves at the side you can flick your tongue much harder.
  But never flick directly on the clitoral tip itself! That feels too sensitive
  all up until I'm at the brink of orgasm. 
The girl followed the instructions with intense concentration, using her tongue
  as she was told until a pleased sigh from her teacher indicated that she had
  got it completely right. 
Imagine she had thought this part was easy. Once she'd have a mistress to
  please, the rest would be no problem at all. This lady was showing her a different
  reality. That this was a discipline as demanding as any other. But the more
  rewarding the better she could get. And she would be the best! The best in
  the world for this woman. She would practice day and night to make her the
  happiest woman on earth. And they had already started. 
Once more Mary's passion resumed its grip, and she lay back with closed eyes
  to enjoy the girl's patient work. She let out a trembling sigh as it was time
  to get to the next step of the lecture. Again she adjusted her position slightly. 
You're doing great, Linda dear. Great. Look at me! 
The girl had been fully focused on her technique, but now her blue eyes popped
  up at her again. 
Try to look at my face as you work. Try to find out from my expressions what
  works best for me. 
Mary knew she had very visual facial expressions. This was something she had
  worked hard to suppress in her professional life, but in this situation it
  was actually just yet another of her distinctive qualities. 
Look out for and try to follow my entire body language. Listen to my moans,
  the trembling in my body and the way I relax and tense. This way we can develop
  a kind of mutual language that will tell more than a thousand words how we
  can make it all as perfect as humanely possible. When you have learnt this,
  we have the key to a love that is greater than anything anybody ever had. Greater Oooooh than
  anything! 
The effect of her words got to her so strongly that she was driven almost
  all the way up to the brink of a third, powerful climax. As the girl resumed
  a steady rhythm of tongue flicks, she felt the burning heat spread throughout
  her body once again. 
She had  to try to control herself a little bit longer though. On
  one side she demanded so much from her young lover. On the other side she herself
  wasn't able to stand her untrained caresses for more than a few minutes. Not
  even after two violent orgasms right before! It was almost embarrassing. 
She took a deep breath and tried her best to relax a little. 
But it was difficult. They now had full eye contact. Even though the child
  lost herself in the warm wetness of her pussy every now and then, she was quick
  to get back to checking up on her. After a few minutes of working this way,
  Mary could feel the results coming. A small ripple in her belly or a movement
  on her lower lip made the girl focus intensely on the spot that had generated
  it, thus drastically raising the standards of her ministrations. Now there
  was absolutely no let- up in the intensity of the feelings. No possibility
  to recover or even draw her breath properly in between waves of pleasure. And
  all of a sudden she realized that she had no control at all! She was completely
  in the girl's power, defencelessly left in her hands, susceptible to her every
  whim! She felt the familiar glowing knot forming in her belly, and tried to
  ease off some of the intensity by sliding her hips from side to side over the
  bed as her hands aimlessly grasped handfuls of the silky sheets. She let her
  head sink back, and tried to focus on taking long, deep breaths, on relaxing
  every muscle in her body. 
But she didn't stand a chance! The knot became a raging fire and for a short
  moment her legs and arms got almost numb as she lost all control. Then the
  climax hit her! An ecstasy completely beyond anything she had thought possible.
  Ever. A mindless delirium leaving her bouncing and screaming all over the bed.
  Her arms roamed around in search for something to hold on to as the girl got
  a powerful grip with both her hands around her waist. And this time she managed
  to stay in place. Although the wild trashing bounced her out of position a
  few times, she used all her strength to try to get back again, an exercise
  suddenly complicated by her own powerful climax. With a rain of stars and sparks
  raining all over her inner vision she focused intensely on finding back to
  that special spot that had caused her lady so much joy. And as the woman's
  eruption passed its peak, she was able to get in position for a final assault
  that would take out the full potential of her pleasure. And then she could
  focus on riding through her own peak of ecstasy with shaking hips as the woman
  slowly started to relax. 
They lay like dead for a while, with the heavy breathing the only thing competing
  with the humming from the air conditioner. Mary wanted to take her lecture
  still a little bit further, but now she couldn't stand even the thought about
  moving a single muscle in her body. Linda's dark head was resting on her belly,
  and she realized from her breathing that she had fallen asleep. A last caress
  with a lazy finger was all she managed to do before she felt herself drift
  off to. With a faint smile on her lips. Off into the kind of relaxed, dreamless
  sleep that only a well- served mistress could have. 
Chapter 6.  Setting in 
Mary slowly surfaced to consciousness with a strange feeling of almost being
  strangled. She let her mind drift freely for a moment as her senses gently
  started absorbing the world around her. Until the sounds and smells of last
  night came back to her, gently reminding her that it had all been of this world,
  not just a beautiful dream. It was all still the same, save for a kind of unfamiliar
  silence. A strange silence actually. It took a few seconds to realize that
  the air conditioning was not running. That certainly explained this strangling
  feeling. The room was baking hot. Felt like a sauna. Her entire body was covered
  in a thin layer of perspiration. 
Normally she would enjoy just laying around silently for a while, enjoying
  the lazy feeling of comfort and luxury. But this was just too much. And besides
  nature already called for a morning trip to the bathroom. 
She sighed deeply as she pulled herself together and got out of the almost
  damp bed. Her little darling was lying sprawled all of her part, still sleeping
  soundly. 
She took her time in the bathroom, finishing off with an ice- cold shower
  and a quick peeling of eyebrows before she put on her robe and went out to
  check on the air conditioner. The damned thing had obviously been switched
  off sometimes during the night. The door to the terrace was closed too. And
  now the morning sun was making a greenhouse out of the whole apartment, although
  the blinds were still shut and the curtains drawn. 
Her first reaction was irritation about why it had been done like this. Then
  she realized that meant someone from room service had been in there during
  the night. What had they seen? How had she and Linda been laying? And how could
  they feel free to walk in on people just like that? 
Then she realized she had forgot to put up the do not disturb'- sign at the
  door, and then they actually could  enter, even without knocking,
  if they found it necessary. 
Cool enough. In no time everything was wide open, and the fresh, salt scented
  ocean air filled every corner of the room. There wasn't even a breath of wind,
  and from up here the annoying traffic almost couldn't be heard at all. So the
  room was still silent as she started preparing breakfast for the two of them.
  Soon the smell of coffee and warm toast added to that of endless ocean and
  sun baked bricks. 
With some minor efforts and a few mild curses she managed to open the huge
  parasol on the terrace and push the table in under it. Then she laid the table
  the best she could to make everything ready for her little darling of darlings.
  The lack of wind even made it possible to use neatly folded napkins on the
  plates! 
The salty air did cool the room a little, but it still was necessary to start
  the conditioner again to finally get a decent temperature inside. Mary stood
  for a moment in the wonderfully cool draft from the fan. Then she finally went
  over to the sleeping creature on the bed. 
Good morning sleepyhead she sang, kissing the youngster on a damp cheek.
  The girl sighed and stretched graciously and then turned to give her the most
  beautiful of sleepy smiles. 
Sleep well? 
Wonderful! Never felt better in my life! 
The girl stretched again, this time over on her back. Her answer had been
  fully open and relaxed, kind of girlfriendish. Then, all of a sudden, she seemed
  to remember where she was and fall back into her role as a kind of lost puppy. 
How do you feel Miss? she asked as she hurriedly climbed off the bed and
  got her robe. 
Mary, dear Linda I'm Mary, remember? 
Oh yes, of course Mi Mary. 
I feel wonderful this morning, thank you the lady smiled at her. I've prepared
  a nice breakfast for us. Why don't you come and have a bite right away. You
  can shower and freshen up afterwards. It's nice and cool outside. 
Oh, thank you. Linda looked at the perfectly laid table with an almost sad
  expression on her face. Mary was a little confused for a moment until she understood.
  The girl probably felt she should have been the one making the morning preparations,
  and that she had failed to get up in time for it. A silly notion, but a sign
  that made the woman warm inside. This little darling had a huge potential in
  more ways than one, no question about that! 
It's quite Okay darling she smiled reassuringly, let's grab a bite, and
  then we can make plans for the next few days. 
She seated the girl at the table and poured coffee with milk for both of them. I
  was thinking that we could go exploring the village and stay at the beach a
  few hours today. For you to get to know at least the closest neighborhood around
  here. Tomorrow we can have a lazy day back here at the terrace. How's that
  to you? 
Fine she answered in her typical meek way. Then she pulled herself a little
  together though, and met Mary's eyes. 
Yes, I agree. You've been here many times though. Could you please tell me
  a little about the village, and what's interesting here? 
That was more like it. As they ate in the comfortable shadow of the parasol,
  Mary told her what she knew about the history of the old fortress down at the
  port, the shopping possibilities downtown and all the facilities along the
  beaches. Quite a range of attractions to say the least. Only Mary wasn't sure
  what was more attractive to the girl; the water slides and diving towers or
  the discos right below them down town. She had already decided to try to let
  go of the girl at least a few nights if she would be interested in some of
  the night life down there. It would be hard, but it definitely wouldn't do
  to try to force her will on her. Anything that wasn't done out of love and
  attraction was next to nothing to her. Nothing to build a lasting relationship
  on. And she definitely wasn't going to invest so much time in training and
  perfection of the girl's skills just for something more like a one night stand!
  The final orgasm she had last night had shown her in the most convincing of
  ways what kind of elevated pleasure just a little bit of instruction could
  give her. 
The girl immediately rejected any ideas about exploring the night life, though,
  as soon as she understood what Mary was getting at. Oh, Mary, I'd like to
  be here with you. Only with you! I want us to do all kind of things together.
  I don't want to go out to meet other people. Not now. Then she slipped back
  again for a moment; If it's okay with you, Miss? 
But of course darling, I just didn't want you to think that I wouldn't allow
  you to do what you want. And I'm so glad you said that because that's the way
  I feel too. So; let's just plan for everything together! 
They finished breakfast, and Linda hit the showers. Inside the conditioner
  had started taking effect, and the room felt quite much better. But the bed
  was a mess, so the best thing was to get out of the flat as soon as possible
  to have room service do their job. 
It was a wonderfully warm and sunny day. Down at the beach it was a little
  bit cooler, and a light breeze from the ocean made the conditions perfect.
  May and Linda found a nice place to relax for a few hours, just with a few
  short breaks for some snacks and drinks. Mary enjoyed this lazy life as much
  as ever, but she sensed that the girl was a bit more restless. Although she
  didn't say anything, Mary had a distinct impression that she got bored after
  a while. So, clearly not a good idea to spend much of the day at the beach.
  Another thing that was fine also with her. Using the terrace for the sunbathing
  and the hotel pool for cooling was just perfect. That way they could stay at
  the flat during the warmest day, and explore the surroundings after sunset.
  Definitely the best solution, Mary thought to herself as she looked at the
  young girl across the little beach- table. That wonderful girl who actually
  had promised to pleasure her forever. Then they could just step right inside
  whenever the heat and the mood ignited the ever-present fire down there 
Right after sunset they went to the same restaurant as last night. 
I thought we'll vary a little bit she told Linda as they walked hand in
  hand up to the entrance, but now we really need to eat properly. Because we
  didn't take time to finish last night, we stuffed ourselves with quite a lot
  of unhealthy snacks today. Don't you agree? 
Linda nodded enthusiastically. She had felt exactly the same way. But that
  had been the absolute only negative feeling she had had during the day. All
  the rest was just heaven. It was more and more clear to her that she was deeply
  in love straight out madly  in love! As they arrived at their table,
  she couldn't help putting her arm around Mary's waist, pull her close and kiss
  her sweetly on the cheek. No touching, no naughty hands. Just this one single
  gesture to signify her love to this gorgeous woman. 
They ate in silence. Until Mary suddenly put her fork down and looked at the
  girl with shiny eyes. 
Linda know what? she whispered. 
Linda didn't answer, but her eyes told the woman anything she needed to know.
  Mary got glowing warm inside, and felt her entire body tingle with happiness.
  She just had  to reach out and stroke the girl's cheek with gentle
  fingertips. Then she cleared her throat; 
I'm horny! she whispered with a hoarse voice More than ever. Practically
  exploding! You make me feel like I haven't felt in my entire life. 
Again the girl didn't answer. Those blue eyes just kept looking back at her.
  Then she sighed deeply, and suddenly pearly blank tears started rolling down
  her cheeks. 
For a moment Mary stiffened. That sting you always feel when you made somebody
  cry. 
She picked the napkin from her lap and hurriedly put it into the girl's hand. 
Linda took it and wiped her cheeks as she shyly looked down into her plate.
  Then she lifted her head and her tear- stained face broke into a warm smile. 
Oh, I'm sorry Mi Mary, she sighed, shaking her head lightly as though she
  was trying to kind of clear her mind. It's just that it's all so overwhelming.
  I still can't believe that it's true, somehow. You're so beautiful, so wonderful! 
Mary got even hotter. Love and desire fighting over which should make her
  cheek and air- flips glow the most. For a moment she almost felt her own eyes
  overflow from the emotional rush. 
No! This was just too much. They just had to get out of there at once. They
  were almost finished anyway, and she had left the hotel room number with the
  waiter. 
She got up and reached for Linda's hand. 
Hurry Linda, we've just got to get back to our room right away. I just can't
  take this any more! 
Linda was so surprised by the sudden move that she forgot to leave the napkin,
  and she still held it in her hand as they rushed up the busy street. As they
  finally tumbled into the flat clinging closely together, they were possibly
  even more muddled up than last night. To make the chaos perfect Mary stumbled
  on her heels and fell over, pulling Linda along with her down on the floor
  in a heap of giggling. Before they even knew it they were on top of each other,
  the girl's face joyfully sinking into the deep cleft between Mary's full tits. 
Mary felt the heat like a raging fire in her body, and couldn't help pushing
  her upper arms up to squeeze her tits firmly around the deeply buried face.
  When she felt the wetness of the softly searching tongue, she just knew that
  she needed some kind of release right away. But she needed it properly. In
  a way that made everything right in her world of passion. 
Linda listen; let's do it properly, shall we? I really need a proper shower
  to feel well about it. Then I promise you we'll play all night! We've also
  got some training to do, remember? 
Linda lifted her head for an eager nod. With her most intriguing smiled she
  went down for a hungry kiss on those full, wonderful lips of her beloved mistress.
  Then she worked herself up into a sitting position - straddling Mary's hips
  - as she started unbuttoning the lady's blouse. Then she carefully shifted
  further down to get access to her belt and skirt zipper. She didn't let the
  lady up before she had bent down and let her tongue play a joyful game in her
  naked bellybutton for a few seconds. Then she got up and took Mary by the hands
  to help her get to her feet. 
I can see you're improving every passing hour Mary smiled as she started
  getting out of the rest of her clothes. Linda helped undressing her until she
  was completely naked, still without any uncomfortable roaming and fumbling
  around. Then she dropped to her knees right in front of her, with her nose
  just inches from the wiry bush of her pussy, looking up into her eyes with
  this wonderful expression of love and awe written all over her face. 
Mary felt her blood boiling as she reached down to caress her cheek and mumble
  sweet nothings, not caring if she could catch her words or not. Her pussy was
  soaking wet and she knew she had to have her shower immediately to feel right
  for the next step of their love. 
As Mary got under the bruiser, she was amazed how quickly the youngster was
  naked and under it after her. Then she found the soap and started covering
  her up in creamy foam faster than she could say normal distribution'. She
  was almost surprised that the lovely child didn't fall down on her knees to
  kiss her pussy as she rinsed her off. Maybe she was too impatient to get ready
  for the real thing over on the bed? She certainly hoped so. 
When she was cleansed, she took her soft towel and started drying up as Linda
  soaped herself. She went out and let herself fall down on the bed. There she
  lay listening as the girl dried, brushed her teeth and put on the night cream
  she had given her. 
When she came out draped in her own towel and saw Mary lying like a goddess
  on the bed, she fell back into her meek and almost irritating submissiveness
  once again. Seemed to Mary that the girl kind of lost her courage when it was
  time to get going with the practical parts of their dreams. This was one of
  the first things she wanted to correct in their training together. Reluctantly
  she came forward and climbed up into the bed beside her, again having problems
  meeting Mary's eyes. 
Don't be shy darling. You know I'm dying for your touch. Nobody will be able
  to make me feel happy the way you do! she whispered, lifting the girl's cheek
  with a tender finger. 
Once again the girl's eyes got moist and threatened to overflow. And again
  Mary gave in to her urge to go down for a deep kiss, practically feasting on
  those unimaginably sweet lips of pleasure and joy. To comfort her - and herself
  too! 
The heat and depth of the kiss made them both so hot they started trembling
  lightly. And when they broke apart to get some air, their eyes met in clear
  consensus that none of them could wait a moment longer. As Mary let herself
  sink back on the bed, the girl was already crawling down in between the slowly
  spreading legs. This was no time for training. She needed sexual release, and
  she needed it now! She simply needed to cum into that wonderful mouth down
  there, the mouth that just found the source of her pleasure and made her body
  all numb. 
They quickly found a relaxed position with Mary supporting her head with one
  hand and holding Linda's tightly against her with the other. The girl was a
  little surprised about the calm way her mistress took her pleasure. She lay
  almost motionless, breathing with deep, regular sighs; just tensing and shuddering
  lightly as the girl focused her efforts more and more on her bursting clit.
  From the way she had expressed her feelings back in the restaurant, she expected
  this first one to be quite a rough ride. 
But it turned out not being rough at all. Only way too short to Linda's taste.
  She felt she had just got started on a gentle, regular rhythm as the woman
  suddenly stiffened and grasped her head with merciless vigor, her fingernails
  painfully digging into her scalp. 
Hnnnngggghh she hissed as the convulsions hit and shook her body. Because
  her head was held so hard, Linda managed to stay more or less in position,
  and kept hunting the protruding clit with a stiff tongue tip as the spasming
  pussy completely smeared down her face. It was a feeling more wet and slippery
  than anything Linda had ever known, and something making her feel so happy
  she could yell out her joy from the top of her lungs. 
The climax continued through all its wonderful phases until the spasms eventually
  let go and the luscious body relaxed. 
Aaaaahhhh the lady sighed long and contentedly as she started her recovery.
  The wonderful recovery from the first violent eruption of their second night
  together. 
For a moment she let herself hover in a heaven of soul- sated satisfaction
  as Linda continued to nurse her down through the sweet afterglow. Once again
  she was amazed about the power and intensity of the scene. Not just the sexual
  passion, but just as much the feeling of being special, being desired, wanted
  and needed. Being in the ultimate centre of someone's entire attention and
  consciousness. 
But it was time to continue the training. Now when she had had the chance
  to calm her nerves just a little bit, she knew she had to continue the work
  of making a perfect oral worshipper out of this lovely creature. If she couldn't
  do that, all of this would be more or less for nothing. She knew that over
  time it would not be satisfactory to take her pleasure from a girl who couldn't
  do it right. She already felt that her orgasms were disturbed by the fact that
  she worried about the next moment the tongue would slip off the right spot.
  No doubt this would be more and more important to her as the novelty started
  wearing off and their lovemaking  hopefully - got to be more of a regular
  thing. Not that she would forget about the beauty and passion of it, but she
  would simply want more than just the enthusiastic worship. She would want a
  perfectly skilled worshipping as well. 
Linda dear she mumbled without even lifting her head from the bed. 
Mmmmmm? the girl groaned, her tongue still deeply buried in her wet slit. 
That was wonderful, simply awesome. She sighed again. If you would ever
  know how happy you make me with your eagerness to please! I feel like a roman
  queen. 
The girl shuddered and let out a tiny squeal of joy at her words as she sank
  her tongue even deeper into her vagina. Her hands kept sliding caressively
  over her hips, belly and thighs as she worshipped her. Mary let her own hand
  gently stroke the silky brown locks, returning the love the best she could
  by simply being open and receptive to her. 
Oh, how unimaginably wonderful it would be when she could lay exactly like
  this after a completely perfect orgasm. Or maybe rather tree perfect orgasms.
  And it was probably a question of just a few days of training now before it
  was all within reach. Probably just a few days. 
Finally she lifted her head to look down at the youngster. Are you ready
  for our next little training session, dear? You know I'm simply dying to get
  on with it; see just how far we can get in making you perfect. 
Slowly she started the move to get up in a sitting position, giving the girl
  plenty of time to release herself from the depths of her pussy. 
Like I said last night; you're extraordinary good, and your eagerness to
  please is absolutely beyond compare. We just want to adjust your skills for
  my needs. Make you absolutely perfect for me, just as you've told me so many
  times that you want, remember? 
Oh yes Mary I remember. I'll be as good as you could ever imagine. Just
  tell me what to do and I'll do it. Anything at all Anything at all! The girl
  slipped out of her submissive role and became herself again for a little moment.
  The open, natural young girl she met back at the mall just a few weeks ago.
  The one she loved most of all. Once again she remembered that she hadn't succeeded
  in her perfection of this little love doll until she had brought back that
  side of her as well. 
Could you be an angel and get me my robe again please? I think we should
  move over to the recliner, as we did last night. 
The girl was on her feet in a flash and found the fluffy garment for her.
  Not that she actually needed it. Not at all. It was more like enjoying the
  extra feeling of exalted dignity it gave her. In this particular setting. Lazily
  stretching her arms behind her and feel the cool material being slipped up
  along them and onto her shoulders. Just to feel her tits jutting gingerly out
  the front opening. 
Know what? After such a relaxing orgasm I think I'd like a cup of coffee.
  Let's make a pot before we continue, shouldn't we? 
The girl shook her head lightly to kind of switch from heaven to earth- mode
  again. As she turned to rush into the kitchen corner, Mary grabbed her arm. 
Easy young lady. Not so fast. We've got all night. Let's take our time and
  just cool it. Let's do it together. 
Linda got the point and tried to calm down. She actually knew very well what
  her mistress was after, and had started to concentrate on how to do even those
  things according to her wish. Mary wanted a devoted and worshipful sexual partner,
  not a mindless slave girl. Sure she wanted her to be at her side, at her back
  and call if you want, and satisfy all her needs at her every whim. But she
  also wanted a partner she could talk to and share things with - someone with
  some strength and initiative - with a mind of her own. 
If she should be very honest with herself though, she was a little bit disappointed
  that her mistress seemed to have so much time after her first release of tensions.
  She should know quite well that she was still all heat and hormones on her
  part, and terribly impatient to get on with some more wet and wonderful sex,
  the drug she knew needed to live. 
Still she got into her own robe and went with her to the kitchen corner to
  dutifully help along with the coffee. She hated coffee herself, and had forced
  down the first full cup of her life last night. But she wanted to do anything
  this fantastic woman expected from her  or what she thought she expected -
  at least as long as it felt right or rather not completely  wrong.
  What else could she do, considering how Mary had given her all of herself?
  All of herself in exactly  the way she had been dreaming of as far
  back as she could remember? 
  She was glad she hadn't offered her any alcoholic drinks and didn't seem to
  have any other bad' habits that might frighten her. One more thing to make
  her feel so safe and comfortable in her company. She had noticed she occasionally
  took pills of some kind, but assumed it was some ordinary medication. She intended
  to try to find out though, one way or the other. She wanted to know everything  about
  this gorgeous woman! 
I feel much better now Mary smiled as she took her first, careful sip of
  the glowing coffee. Much more relaxed. But I must say it's almost annoying
  the way you make me loose my head all the time. 
Linda joined in on her contented laughter as her eyes flew back and forth
  between the silky curves of the lady's tits and her elegantly crossed legs.
  She tried to hide her shudder as she forced down her own first sip of the boiling
  fluid. Mary's tits seemed to well out from the opening of her robe, unbelievably
  soft and full, the prominent nipples with their wide areolas kind of staring
  at her, as though they were ordering her down on her knees! She felt her own
  body tingling from impatient arousal just from looking at her even the way
  she was sitting now. How could somebody  som person at all  have such an
  enormous impact on her? She would never stop wondering about that, no matter
  how obvious the answer was. 
Mary took another sip. Then she sighed, shook her head to make her silky brown
  locks flow over her shoulders, and just looked out into the room. 
It's just so wonderful all of this. Still like a dream. I cannot really
  believe that this is happening to me! 
She looked over at Linda again. Imagine you're sitting just opposite to me.
  And you've just given me the kind of pleasure I've been fantasizing about for
  at least the past five years. Can't you just feel it? She laughed again, putting
  her fingertips to her forehead to underscore the mental power of the situation. 
You came out of nowhere and swept into my life just like that. Just a few
  weeks back. And you made all my dreams come through. Just like that She put
  out her other hand in a gesture of amazement. Do you think that fairy godmother
  really exist after all?!? 
Again a relaxing chuckle to strengthen even the tiniest threads of their mental
  bounds. 
So, you see what the training I'm talking about really is she said, looking
  directly into Linda's admiring eyes. It is something to bring us from a fairytale
  into a paradise! Like going from perfect to even higher levels. She shook
  her head again and took another sip of coffee. 
You're as good as you can ever be with any woman you wouldn't know. What
  I would like us to do is to adjust properly to each other. To find our way
  of doing it. The way that work for me, and then also for you. The way that
  makes us perfect as a couple again she made a theatrical move and looked
  up to the ceiling; as one higher unity of pleasure! 
She stopped and smiled back to her thrilled admirer again; That's a good
  one, isn't it? 
Linda smiled back at her. Yes, it is! 







Chapter 7. &#8211; Love Training

Somehow the tension was hard to deal with. It was like an invisible cloud in the spacious room &#8211; hot and humid, despite of the now smoothly working air conditioner &#8211; pressing down on her shoulders like heavy weights - down on her entire body. And then there was the desire, of course. Hot, hungry and powerful; almost sickening in a way; at least the way it made her stomach churn. Like she should be having fever, totally out of her usual state of balance and comfort. And she probably had fever, come to think of it. At least a desire for this beautiful woman that kept scolding her inside exactly the same way.
Still she did her best to play it cool. When her lady felt like talking, she knew she should feel like listening &#8211; and even do some communication on her part as well. No matter how hard it could be at times. No matter how much her mind was preoccupied with the sweet notions of sex and skin and stiff nipples and moans and shudders. She almost lost patience and got angry with herself. Wasn&#8217;t she able to hold on just a little while? She knew she would be back where she wanted soon enough, so why couldn&#8217;t she try to settle with that? Show a little endurance? Some strength and discipline?
Mary suddenly put down her cup &#8211; almost abruptly &#8211; and got to her feet. With the open robe folding out like a sail behind her she strode over to pick up a glass and a bottle of fine brandy she had bought down at the beach, and again no attempt to offer anything to Linda.
I think I&#8217;ll need something a little bit stronger than coffee right now she mumbled, smiling a bit sheepishly at the girl as she poured herself a stiff glass. Do you want me to fix you something from the fridge? Lemon soda? Juice?
Oh no! Not necessary; I&#8217;ll find something myself afterwards, thank you!
You probably noticed that I don&#8217;t drink much, and I certainly don&#8217;t expect you to touch this stuff in several years yet. So forgive me for feeling that I need one right now; it&#8217;s a rather special occasion for both of us.
Linda looked back at her, not quite sure if she understood. To her it had been a special occasion all the time! Was she referring to the beginning of her training?
I&#8217;m thinking of the beginning of your training. I know we actually started a little last night, but that was more for me to fall asleep. She chuckled and took a fairly small sip of her drink. Then she placed it down on the table and got serious.
So, I really don&#8217;t want to make jokes about this. You know by now how much it means to me &#8211; to us. I honestly think we have found something very special, and my highest wish is that we can continue to develop this; make it even more special. And when we have worked together to adjust to each other, I really do think that we can be a higher unity of pleasure; It&#8217;s actually possible! Mary&#8217;s eyes had an expression of frankness and openness that Linda had never seen in an adult before. Not like that. And something that made a new wave of love wash over her mind. Once again her eyes overran, and she had to use the sleeves of her robe to stop salty tears from rolling down her cheeks. This woman could rock her mind in any way she wanted with the wink of an eyelash!
Mary saw her tears coming once again, and swept down the rest of her drink in one, elegant gulp before she went back and slumped down on her recliner. Time to get on with the training before this darling got too emotional. Come to me, dear she cooed, leaning back and stretching her arms out against her. The girl threw off her robe and was over in her arms in a second, her face burying down in her lady&#8217;s neck as she kept striving to control her emotions. Mary felt the wetness from the tears and tenderly put her arms around the girl&#8217;s naked body to comfort her as she enjoyed the sensational feeling of skin to skin contact with someone she loved so dearly. She held her like this for a little while until she nudged her head up to be able to dive in for a long and wonderful kiss - a very long and wonderful kiss.
As they finally broke away for some deep breaths of air, Mary smiled sweetly up at the girl. She wiped away some remaining moisture from her lover&#8217;s eyelids with gentle fingers and then ran them through the silky mane of dark hair. Do you really love me that much? she whispered sweetly, drilling her eyes into the beautiful blue ones over her. Once again they got moist and threatened to overflow as the youngster bit her lips and held her breath in another effort to control her emotions. For a moment she kept staring back down into her lovers eyes without saying a word, her eyelashes winking moistly, her throat- muscles working lightly and her lips trembling even within the grip of her teeth. Then she let herself slip down and buried her face back into Mary&#8217;s neck once again.
For a long time they lay motionless like that. Mary continued stroking the silky brown hair with tender fingers as she felt the girl&#8217;s heart beating against her own. Then she lovingly urged her up and put up her hands to gently cup the girl&#8217;s face between her palms.
I love you too!! Oh, you&#8217;re so sweet, so wonderful. I&#8217;ll never be able to live without you again. She stole another sweet kiss before she continued. We&#8217;ll make love a lifetime worth. Enjoy each other all day and all night just as long as I can take it. As long as we can take it! Oh, it&#8217;s going to be wonderful!
The girl seemed to have overcome some of her emotional meekness, and her kiss was more craving as their lips met for another tribute to their outspoken love.
I take it you&#8217;re ready to play a little again; aren&#8217;t you? At least I hope so. Your love is making me so warm and so horny. Exactly like it should be between lovers. I have to admit I felt a bit sated after our first pleasure, but now I&#8217;m more than ready to go again. How about you?
Now the girl even gave her a small smile, using her own hand to caress Mary&#8217;s hair with gentle fingers.
I love you came the answer to her question. And then, Can I please love you again?
Yes, oh yes &#8211; you can! Mary breathed as the girl&#8217;s tongue started painting a wet stripe down between her full breasts. As her heart started racing once again, she shot her chest up against the flushed face and slowly drew up her legs and parted them graciously, kind of meeting the downward slide by invitingly opening her entire self. The girl&#8217;s knees bumped down onto the carpet one after the other as the tongue took a break to make love to the soft dip of the belly button.
Mary kept caressing the silky mane &#8211; with both hands now &#8211; as she felt the passion take hold of her body once again. A feeling so sweet she thought she would never be able to live without it any more. And the little rascal hadn&#8217;t even touched her sweet lips to her yearning pussy yet! She had to resist an overwhelming urge to lift her pelvis to ardently meet the wonderful touch. She was so impatient she could scream!
Still she managed to play it cool and continue caressing the soft, girly hair as the dark head painstakingly slowly worked itself downward. Now she felt the lips nibble the curls of her pubic hair ever so gently. It caused such intense tickling she felt itching shivers rush up and down the length of her spine. The sweet lips played breathlessly on top of the pubic bone for a moment until they both let out a deep moan exactly at the same time. Mary just couldn&#8217;t help but spreading even more - by pure instinct - as she finally felt the lips slowly continue their playful journey downward. Oh, the mouth was soon there any moment now. Any moment she&#8217;d be back in pleasure paradise once again.
No, she really couldn&#8217;t help it! No darn way. No matter how much patience she ever tried to put up. As she felt the mouth come dangerously close to its final target, she grabbed her knees and pressed them up against her chest to expose herself even better and totally surrender her burning pussy to the love of that wonderful mouth. Her trembling got even stronger and spread out into her entire body as she awaited the ultimate kiss with her head thrown back in blissful ecstasy.
And then it came! The tongue that fantastic tongue. She felt its wetness bury down on the hood of her clit and then slip further down along the groove before it made a persistent upswing right over the rock hard nodule. Then she felt the soft lips following right behind, encircling her throbbing clit in an embrace so warm and passionate that her entire body shuddered spasmodically. Mary squeezed her head backwards and kept her eyes tightly shut as she tried to cope with the overwhelming sensations; the glowing feeling of passion that threatened to driver her to the peak of ecstasy before they even got properly started. Before she would be able to absorb the full pleasure of it at all.
This girl was unique. As the tongue started making caressive love to her burning clit, drawing it in between her lips and massaging it with soft seductive strokes, her passion escalated beyond anything she had experienced with her so far. It was from the stimulation itself, obviously; but also from the clear fact that she as by instinct felt how the girl now went for her orgasms with full focus. As an element of maximizing her own submissive rapture. The rapture of bringing her supreme mistress to the very peak of pleasure. The way of putting her up onto the pedestal where she belonged! As the tongue continued its loving caresses, the flame in her clit spread into her belly to build the burning knot that signaled the early making of a new, thunderous orgasm. The second one of the evening; before they had even started the real training. The very training that should ensure &#8211; among other things &#8211; that the youngster learned to build her up in such a way that she wouldn&#8217;t cum too soon. The training that would ensure she had a long, and a very stable build- up; one with an gentle and uninterrupted rise &#8211; with precise and rhythmic stimulation that took her upwards without even a single miss; not one clumsy or careless move to slip off the right spot! That was what she wanted; not just a wild rush to orgasm to calm her nerves for a little while until the frustration was all over her again. And wasn&#8217;t this exactly the kind of rush she didn&#8217;t want right now?
Oh yes! Oh no! This was going way too fast! The first orgasm was the one that was supposed to calm her down for the lecture she was planning for the evening. Now she was all stirred up again. One more like that would leave her exhausted before the evening had even started! Before she had been able to give a single instruction. Instinctively she tried to ease the intensity by letting her legs down and pressing her thighs together around the bobbing head. The girl gave out a heated moan from the passionate embrace, intensifying her massaging of the tip of her pleasure pearl, reveling in the feeling of her almost slave- like submission.
Ooooh Linda nooo!! she groaned as the glowing knot escalated into a raging inferno in her belly, making her body slowly stiffen as the orgasmic spasm got hold of her. Then she had to mobilize all her strength to get away from the wonderful mouth. The push was so abrupt that the girl tumbled and almost fell backwards. She remained up on her knees thanks only to the grip she had around the soft upper thighs. As the woman slipped over to her side, squeezing her legs shut as she tried to hold back the upcoming eruption, Linda searched blindly to find her way back into the wonderful haven again. Her eyes were still filled with tears of emotion, blurring her vision as she moved her head back in. Her face nudged against the full curve of a shuddering ass cheek, and when she had wiped her eyes enough to see again, she saw the whole fabulous bottom jerk and convulse as the woman tried to get control of her body. She had her hand squeezed flatly over her pussy in a kind of instinctive move of protection. Only the sexy little anal ring quivered and contracted spastically as the raging convulsions worked all hell out of the gorgeous body. As she watched, the woman curled up even more, making an obscene display of her puckered anal opening gaping against her in a kind of lewd invitation for a tender and worshipful kiss. As the woman continued struggling to regain control, Linda was bewitched by the quivering opening, feeling drawn towards it as it reached out for her. What an extraordinary sight! Such an unparalleled visualization of ecstatic life and energy. Should she really accept the invitation? Would it add to the lady&#8217;s pleasure, or would it just be annoying. Then she recalled what was actually happening, and understood why she had been pushed away. And Mary&#8217;s words about their training came to her in a feverish flashback. She pulled slightly back as she watched with a trancelike fixation how the twitching gradually subsided and the delicious opening and the entire body started relaxing again. 
She waited patiently back on her haunches as her lady recovered, her body tingling with passion as she drank in the awesome view of the glorious bottom. Glorious in its intruding, raw femininity, smooth and peachy with a few spots and a birth marks scattered about, adding to the breath-taking, tenacious conviviality of it. Still small aftershock rippled through the powerful thighs and buttocks. A shiny droplet of pussy juice seeped out between the fingers covering the pussy. Breathlessly she watched as it ran down her fingers and disappeared into the crease between hand and thigh. She was absolutely sure; this was magic passion as she would ever see it in her life! Oh how she loved this lady!
All of a sudden the body seemingly sprang to life as the lady turned over to sit up a bit. Her face was flushed and slightly strained as she looked down at her darling with warm smile.
You You are just I &#8211; I nearly blew it! You&#8217;re just incorrigible wonderful you Her incoherent babbling combined with her slightly sheepish smile and disheveled hair to make out a look of a total stranger.&nbsp; Just for a very short moment though. Linda was torn out of her trance- like state as the lady bent down for another deep kiss on her lips again. They both were so out of breath though, that they had to break away in just a few seconds. Their eyes met over the lady&#8217;s knees until the strange expression made them both burst out in a relieving but still slightly agitated laughter. Mary let her legs part and graciously slip out on the armrests again, opening up to the hot gaze of her young venerator. Immediately the atmosphere thickened in burning passion as kissy lips were drawn magnetically against pussy lips for a new and strongly awaited reunion. Instinctively &#8211; before she could control herself - Mary&#8217;s hips undulated forward to meet the young lips with a welcoming vulva. It was as though she couldn&#8217;t feel quite sane before she had that mouth firmly planted on her starving pussy.
Now was the time to really show some discipline though. If she could just go through with this in a proper way, it would be time enough all the rest of the night for their carnal lusts to unfold freely. And it would be so rewarding when they had seen it through.
She let her fingers bury into the girl&#8217;s dark hair again, applying a light pressure backwards to signal for her to hold back a little moment before she plunged back in. Then she let her thumb slide tenderly over her forehead to kind of lure those beautiful eyes open to look up at her.
My sweet little girl! You&#8217;ve made me so hot I&#8217;m nearly exploding even before we&#8217;ve started! Her hand started shaking as she strove to hold the girl&#8217;s head up from her gaping pussy lips. The beautiful blue-eyed gaze keep switching between her face and her obscenely spread pleasure rose.
Mary cleared her throat. Now, to make it as good as possible for me, and for the both of us, it is important to build the pleasure in a steady and predictable way. At least that&#8217;s what works best for me. She let her other hand slide down to stretch the full lips a bit. The best thing is to start off with som very light teasing &#8211; especially if I&#8217;ve had som orgasms already &#8211; just kind of play along to create the right mood. Just use the tip of your tongue to tickle the inner lips and play a little between them and over and around the urethra. That soon creates this warm and intense feeling of lust and hunger; the very basis for a good and deep orgasmic build. 
The last words were said in a hiss as she had to interrupt her lecture with some heavy breaths. Wild passion grabbed hold of her just by talking, and it was like a blissful relief to gently guide the dark head down to seal those red lips over her pussy. Finally!
Immediately she felt the tongue push its way into her love channel in zealous hunger, making it spasm uncontrollably in a warm and wet welcome &#8211; as by pure and unadulterated instinct. Mary gasped as she moved to push hard down on the dark head. In the split second of laming passion before her body cold respond to her mind, the youngster got grip though, and pulled back wetly to push the tip up against the urethral base. There it started wiggling gently, spreading a new flush of glowing heat into Mary&#8217;s overcharged body just as the previous one passed over. Her heart thumped like a hammer in her chest and blood rushed crazily through her veins, making her skin glow and her nipples stiffen almost painfully. The stimulation was according to her instructions though, so Mary tried to relax and absorb as she concentrated on the next step of her planned training.
Yes oh yes That&#8217;s it. Take it easy please don&#8217;t rush it too much. Remember the feeling should ugh be building gradually She had to gasp again as a totally uncontrollable spasm mad her body jerk. Oh yesss gradually and predictably. I should be able to expect and prepare for even joyfully anticipate your every move in this Ooohhh early stage
They both moaned in unison. Linda concentrated intensely on her teacher&#8217;s words and tried to be as predictable as possible. Her own passion was so intense that she had trouble getting enough air through her nose. This was just too much to even comprehend; she was giving so much pleasure imagine! She could feel it in every nerve of her body. And every nerve of her mistress&#8217; body! This close and deep contact made her sense every tiny shudder and ripple of Mary&#8217;s joy at least as strong as she did herself. Each single one being a mental stimulation twice as strong as her partner&#8217;s physical one! At least!! Oh yes she could tongue and suck this wonderful pussy for ever and ever. Just scream out her senseless joy every time it erupted ferociously in her mouth. Over and over again. Till the end of time and far far beyond! She didn&#8217;t know it was possible to be so much in love!
Somehow they found a steady rhythm and remained more or less motionless for a little while, the heavy breathing wrestling with the humming of the conditioner to be the dominant sound in the room. Linda&#8217;s tongue wiggled wetly back and forth over the same spot as the two bodies twined almost imperceptibly, interrupted only by small shudders and jerks. Mary felt the tongue gradually work itself into a particularly sensitive spot and start another glowing knot in her belly. A knot that would bring her out of control in no time if she would let the play continue. But she did right &#8211; exactly right &#8211; and should have her due credit for that!
Oh yes that&#8217;s exactly it! Linda O yesss! Just like that! Exactly like that. This builds me right up makes it impossible to uuuuhhhhhh
The knot spread and sent numbing jolt into her thighs and spine. She had to use all her strength to push the fantastic mouth away from her to stop the burgeoning orgasm before things got exorable. A terrible void filled her and her abandoned pubic bound made a few aimless twists as she instinctively strove to re-establish contact. She had to squeeze her head backwards and groan like in desperate agony until her body gradually came down from the brink of orgasm. As she lifted her head again, she realized she held a handful of the girl&#8217;s hair in a tight fist, causing such pain that tears practically cascaded from her eyes. Shocked she let go and started working herself up a bit more.
Oh Linda I&#8217;m so sorry!! Please I&#8217;m so terribly clumsy she whimpered as she looked down into the flushed face still contorted from the intensive pain. Please you know I would never want to cause any pain never oh I&#8217;m so terribly sorry!
The girl wiped her face in a handful of Kleenex, and Mary went through a miniature hell the few seconds it took before the girl&#8217;s face was revealed to her again. It was a gigantic relief to finally see those beautiful eyes blink bravely up at her, still filled with this heart-warming admiration. Her lips moved for her to say something, but then a sticky stream of pussy juice seeped out of the corner of her mouth. A sight that ignited Mary&#8217;s raging sexual fire once again. That juice was from her! Her passion - her pleasure - in the mouth of her very own little slave-girl! Right where it belonged. Oh, she would give her her orgasms &#8211; all her passions &#8211; over and over till the end of time
Mary was still spread wide in front of her, her gaping pussy just inches away from her damp face. She couldn&#8217;t help her impatience as she waited for her little darling to come along enough to be able to put her mouth back where needed it. A few more Kleenex-wipes later, the girls eyes finally dropped down to her drooling pussy. Immediately her head started moving. Mary felt her body shudder in sheer anticipation, and she hurriedly put her hands down to spread her swollen labia for the desperately awaited lips. She had to stifle a cry of delight as the contact was established. And as that marvelous tongue started its magic work, intense mouth heat spread throughout her body as spastic shocks. And even in this moment of insanely mounting heat the girl remembered her words of predictability, immediately finding a rhythm and level of stimulation that was exactly the way she wanted it. Again showing her total commitment to her pleasure.
The girl really seemed to understand all her signals too. Or they understood each other better, to be more correct. Linda worked relentlessly, carefully varying the stimulation according to her mistress&#8217; moans and shudders. As she sensed her climax approaching, she kept up her technique, but reduced the intensity down to a level that allowed her to come slightly down again. The trick &#8211; and the next steps of her training &#8211; would be to find the right level of eased stimulation; preventing the uncontrolled explosion, and at the same time avoiding that the intensity go too weak. A fine-tuned balance that could be optimized only by patient and determined practice.
After some half hour of this overheated lovemaking, they both felt that they had come close to what could only be described as the perfect way. With hoarsely whispered instructions Mary had managed to smoothen her ecstatic up- and downswings to a relatively stable, yet very intensive level. Both of them were covered in a thin layer of perspiration as they toiled on into the night; on their untiring quest for the ultimate love; the still unknown higher unity of pleasure. The last few minutes the whispering had faded away, and the lady just lay back in a haze of heavenly feelings as the girl found the absolute optimal level of stimulation. As though she should have done so all her life! Only their heavy breathing could be heard, occasionally broken by a sigh or an uncontrolled gasp.
A fantastic experience! First of all the oral service itself of course. But there was a possibly even grater thrill in the fact that the girl got it all so quickly! That she already understood and read her emotional language so perfectly. Much quicker than she had expected judging from the first love-sessions they had together. The girl did her absolute best from the very beginning, of course, but it was hard to imagine that the progress up to perfection would require only one full night of training! But now they were there together; and now was the time to enjoy the fruits of her labour; to collect her well-deserved prize. Oh yeah! In fact she would be collecting it quite soon anyway. Her devoted little pet did beautifully down there.
Oh Linda I can&#8217;t take it any more. I think you&#8217;ve made fantastic progress already Mary had thrown her head back over the top of neck support, and whispered without even raising it at all. Please try to increase the intensity very slowly gently and patently until until I cum in your mouth! I&#8217;m almost there already ooohhhh
She hadn&#8217;t even finished her instructions before Linda started applying an almost imperceptibly stronger pressure with her rhythmically working tongue. But still enough to make the whole body in front of her jerk uncontrollably, just like she should have had a slap in her face! She focused fully on her own discipline as she tried to avoid rushing it in any way. A slow and patient increase, that&#8217;s what she was going to get! Still &#8211; even with her slowest one &#8211; she had to hold back. Mary&#8217;s body started shaking like a life, and the thighs tightened their hug around her head. She found it almost unbelievable. She really hadn&#8217;t started anything at all yet &#8211; more or less. It must have been the lady&#8217;s own mental adjustment to go for her climax. She couldn&#8217;t ease the stimulation any more without actually reducing it even from her regular level, so she decided to keep on the way she did until her wonderful mistress brought them both to the peak of pleasure.
The thighs tightened even harder around her head, and one hand came down to clasp its claw-like fingers into her scalp. The shuddering became even stronger, and the pubic bone started a series of convulsive jerks against her mouth. Moans transformed into wheezing gasps; the other hand came down to tear painfully in her dark locks.
Then a mind-shattering explosion!
A delirium of galactic proportions! A racked groan transformed into a pierced shriek that echoed throughout the room. With her head trapped like in a vice between the thighs, Linda was thrown around like a ragged doll with the trashing of the ecstatic body. Almost desperately she grabbed hold of the wildly bucking waist and used all her strength to try to stay in position as her tongue continued its relentless lashing of her lady&#8217;s clit. A very generous quantity of sweet pussy juice flooded her mouth, and during a particularly powerful lurch, Linda even thought she felt a tiny squirt hit the back of her throat. The woman practically ejaculated her orgasm into her mouth! Wonderful! She literarily sprayed her passion into her gave herself totally over to her in the relentless spasms of ecstasy!! Oh how she loved this woman!! How she could suffer any agony to increase her pleasure even just the tiniest bit more! She could feel her submissive passion putting her own body on fire in a way she never felt before. As she continued rubbing her tongue relentlessly over the spasming clit, she felt her own pussy tighten in a glowing cramp that signaled nothing but a cracking orgasm threatening to overrun her as well. She had to spread her legs and raise her hips almost awkwardly to be able to stop the plunge into the no-return depths. And at the same time keep up the stimulation of her mistress&#8217; clit.
Another tiny squirt of juice sprayed her tongue. The woman went into some particularly violent trashes as she tried to stifle as scream of pleasure by holding her lower arm over her mouth. The other hand hung on to her head, pressing it still harder against the pleasure-craving pussy as she rode through the last waves of her tremendous eruption. A few final spasms made the clit dance against her tongue as she tried to concentrate on the right moment to ease the intensity of her stimulation. It probably was the very last second. The body had started trembling stiffly &#8211; in a completely different way than a second before &#8211; and the hand on her head suddenly stopped pulling. But she avoided the painful tug in her hair and sensed how the woman&#8217;s body slowly relaxed and sank into some kind of sated indolence; a decent into a pleasurable afterglow that Linda concentrated on letting her down into with all the attentiveness she could muster. Only the best was good enough for a goddess like this one; like her own mistress Mary!

After another very refreshing shower, the two lovers stood together on the apartment balcony with a glass of lemon juice each. It was just past midnight, and the moon was already high, making an extraordinary beautiful reflection in the calm ocean surface out there. Mary felt more receptive to this kind of beauty than ever before. She had always enjoyed it of course, but never with such keyed-up senses as right now. She was filled with a glow of satisfaction she had never even thought possible. The warm, salty breeze toyed with their hair and tucked on the flicks of their robes as they stood in silence, just enjoying each other&#8217;s company and all the beauty around them. What a fantastic night! What a fantastic place and not to mention the feeling of sheer happiness! Mary saw a tiny fishing-boat drift slowly into the sparkling reflections of the moonlight. A seagull crossed through in the opposite direction. A faint scent of spicy barbeque drifted up to them and reminded her that she was actually a bit hungry. But not that much still. There were much more important things to this night than food. This was the time for a different kind of nutrition. One of her most important nights
It&#8217;s like a fairytale really! Linda&#8217;s voice almost made Mary jump. I still can&#8217;t believe that I&#8217;m here. Here in this beautiful place; here with you. I - I&#8217;m so happy
The girl had cried a bit again as they went to the showers, but now she appeared completely contented and relaxed; even in spite of her emotional words. So much so that she easily could find the courage to talk to her in such a natural way. Another very positive sign in the development of their relationship.
I&#8217;m so happy to be here with you. You &#8211; you you&#8217;re fantastic. I love you so much
The girl spoke with a slightly shaky voice. She had turned towards her lover. Even though her face was in darkness, Mary could actually see the glow in those heart-warming eyes. She could feel it too! Like a ray of heat against her body. So intense in its peculiar way that she felt her desires slowly reawaken. Would wonders never seize? Just a couple of minutes ago she had felt totally sated, for a long time. So much so that she really started wondering if she would be able to see through the last of her planned lectures.
Linda dear, now you must tell me; I really want to know! she tapped her finger in the rail at her side to underscore her insistence. Please tell me; Did you have an orgasm too? Did you come together with me? Tell me!
Again there was no response to that particular question. But Mary was determined to get it out of her this time. Resolutely she bent and put a persistent finger under her cheek. 
It&#8217;s important to me she whispered as she went down for a kiss on her sweet lips. You will please me very much by telling me this!
That got her more cooperative. Her lips trembled as she prepared to answer, just interrupted a couple of times by a few more swift kisses.
I &#8211; I no No, I didn&#8217;t. she stemmed. After a few more hot kisses she hurried to add; You know I want you to have all the pleasure really. I want you to feel as good as possible. And
And what?...
I &#8211; I think that we will love again won&#8217;t we?
Mary&#8217;s body started tingling again. Incredibly! All of a sudden she felt her nipple stand erect against the texture of her robe. Once again she bent down for a kiss, still holding her finger under the girl&#8217;s cheek.
Yes yes we will. &#8216;Cus you make me feel like I never felt before! Yes we will! But you must promise me this; you must promise me not to hold back. Promise me to think of your own pleasure as well. It would make it even better for me too. Honestly! she sighed deeply. Can you do that?
One final time she sealed her lips over her young partner&#8217;s. She stayed there a little while to give her time to come up with an answer the right answer.
Y &#8211; yes she breathed. Yes okay. I promise. But
What?...
I &#8211; I you must think of your pleasure only I &#8211; I will manage. I will Trust me! The last part came as a meek whisper, almost inaudible.
Okay sure! You know I will. I will come in your mouth again! The same way I did a moment ago. Don&#8217;t worry. You know I can think of my own pleasure. That&#8217;s why I&#8217;m asking too. See?!?
Again a faint breath of ocean breeze from below ruffled their hair, and all of a sudden it flicked Mary&#8217;s robe open. It was like an open invitation for the girl to slowly get down on her knees and place loving hands on her mistress&#8217; soft hips as her eyes locked in spellbounded fixation on the exciting pubic bush hardly visible right in front of her. Mary remembered where they were, and quickly threw some glances around to check that nobody were watching them. 
Linda please
Then she realized it was so dark that it would be really hard to see what was going on. And besides most of the action was hidden behind the rail anyway. She felt her passion mount and her nipples stiffen almost painfully as she slowly reached out and put her hands on the dark head. 
Be gentle she whispered hotly as she applied the lightest of pressure to guide it where she wanted it.
The girl was patient enough to follow her hinting direction, and let her face slip daintily into the already damp crotch. Mary had to moan s she felt the tongue sneak out and slip in between her dripping pussy lips. It got her so hot she had to resist the urge to let her fingers group the soft locks in a painful tear. There really was absolutely nothing like this girl! So lovable, so understanding, and so incredibly devoted to giving them pleasure. And still not like a slave girl; so much more like a partner, in spite of her young age.
Another fresh ocean breath caressed Mary&#8217;s body and helped her free her aching nipples from the restraints of her robe with an imperceptible tug. It was like a double pleasure to feel the tongue push up against her clit as her tits swung freely in the caressive breeze at the same time. The cooling draft caressed her languorously, kind of cooling away the heat that the waves of passion created &#8211; as though nature knew exactly how she felt!
Suddenly the urge to massage her aching nipples became almost unbearable. She was just about to let go of the girl&#8217;s head as she changed her mind. This was actually a great opportunity to throw the little darling even further down into the depths of unconditional submission!
Linda, please she whispered sweetly; Use your hand to caress my nipples too. They&#8217;re lonely up here, and need attention too! Please? 
The playful tongue made a few extra powerful flicks, making her belly convulse deliciously as the girl let go of her mistress&#8217; hips and let her hands glide seductively upwards. To Mary it was like another glowing shower of heat as the hands caressed her oversensitive skin. And then the fingers grouped the creamy curves of her tits and finally found her nipples! And started playing with exactly the right firmness! Again as though she had a lifetime of experience doing just that
Mary gasped, and had to use one hand to support herself on the rail. She knew it would feel good, but still the outburst of passion took her completely by surprise; adding a new dimension to the unparalleled experience of stupendous body worship. Designed just for her; For her only!
As she bent her head dim-wittedly, she could see those beautiful eyes looking up at her through her well-trimmed pubic bush. Desire and adoration radiated up at her, adding up with the physical pleasure generated by fingers and tongue. Oh, it was getting to her already even after the orgasms she had been through. If she wouldn&#8217;t do anything soon, she wouldn&#8217;t even be able to support herself any more. Her legs were practically buckling, and she couldn&#8217;t possible put any more weight on that up-turned face down there no matter how insatiable her pussy was!
Linda Oh Linda! Please
Mmmmmm? The girl&#8217;s face could hardly be seen in the dark shadow down there.
Please stop just a moment. She used both her hands to gently pull the head away from her. The tongue slipped out with an obscenely wet &#8216;plop&#8217;. The girl looked up at her with a confused expression on her soaked face.
Linda Let&#8217;s &#8211; let&#8217;s go inside to the bed She gasped as the passion from her upcoming remark shot through her; To bed hurry! I &#8211; I want to sit on your face!...


To be continued













Southern Nights 08 - Lounging





 
  Tantala
  A young girl's submission to an executive lady's needs
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-02-07T00:36:00Z
  2006-02-07T00:36:00Z
  1
  4170
  23770
  198
  55
  27885
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  0
  0
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Southern Nights 08.  Lounging.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Yet another beautiful day saw the sun
spreading its intense rays down over the village of Alvarez and the rocky coastline around. Only deep
down in the horizon a few cumulus clouds could bee seen hovering faithfully
over the sleeping Volcano of Maracolar. The tiny draft from last night had
grown into a refreshing morning breeze that played with the two womens hair as
they lounged languidly on the terrace overlooking the endless horizon out
there. The saline, humid ocean air felt wonderfully refreshing compared to the
unnatural aridness created by the conditioner inside.

Again Linda had overslept. Not too much,
but just enough not to be able to please her beautiful lady with breakfast in
bed. So they ended up preparing it together, working swiftly as the most
perfectly timed team to have it nice and ready on the broad terrace-table. Both
of them were quite hungry. Last nights dinner wasnt finished properly either,
in spite of their very best intention. For the second time the sexual urge had
got the better of them, so it was about time they picked up a bit on the
physical nutrition part as well.

Now it was 11 AM and really about time to get up. When she
was younger, Mary could enjoy sleeping almost all day when she had the chance,
but nowadays it felt like a loss if she wasnt up and running at least by 9.
Too little daytime left. A typical thing coming with mature
age and sense of responsibility? Or was it simply lower demand for
sleep? She was almost surprised to see young Linda so active at the same time
as her. Even that was different from what she had seen from other girls her
age.

It wasnt possible to get totally away from
work either, of course, and Mary had received several files to go through from
that asshole boss of hers. Something that just couldnt wait
until she was back again. Anyway it was good to be somewhat updated, and
she had seen enough already to know that Jim Mallory had messed things up
again. Nothing irreversible, but still so much that it certainly would mean
some extra work for her when shed be back in office. How could he ever think
they could get away with a simple Wilcoxon- test on
such a material? Good thing she agreed to be accessible during her stay.

As usual she felt a short surge of anger
shooting up in her chest, but then she had one gaze over at the sweet girl
opposite to her, eagerly munching away on a huge ham sandwich; and everything
was forgotten. The mild breeze made her almost golden brown locks dance around
her cheeks in movements of eternal grace and beauty. A beauty only matched by
the magic twinkle in those deep-blue eyes gazing back at her. Those
spellbinding eyes; so filled with love and adoration. What a contrast to the
way things were that time back at the Sandy Bay Mall. That first time they met.
Now it was hard to imagine that she hadnt even had the nerve to look in the
little darlings direction when she had entered the cafeteria. And how about it
now! Things had gone exactly the way they should. They had moved from completely
wrong to perfectly right in just a few weeks. And most of it had been done just
the last few days. Although she had made a complete fool of herself in the
beginning, because of her nervousness - at least thats how she felt about it 
the girl seemingly never had any problems accepting her as a lady worthy of her
worship. On the contrary, in fact. Sometimes she felt her
admiration so intensely that she almost got nervous to do something that would dethronize
her from the superior position she clearly had in her life. If she got used to
this unconditional worship, how should she ever be able to do without it? A
horrendous notion

Today was a day of lounging and tanning on
the terrace, as they had planned the first evening. And it suited both of them
quite well. Mary had to admit she felt a bit exhausted from last nights
excesses. As they snuggled together under the refreshing spray of the shower,
it all came back to her again. And so did the heat! And that seemed to be the
case with her young admirer too as she clung tightly to her and started
breathing noticeably harder. In no time at all a pair of silky sweet lips had
captured a nipple and started an adoringly gentle sucking, drastically adding
more fuel to the smouldering fire within. The exhaustion she felt as she woke
up was completely gone. Just as though they never had had a
full night of wild lovemaking behind them. It was simply incredible what
this youngster could do to her!

Suddenly the little minx let the nipple out
of her mouth and looked up at Mary through the foggy spray of water, a new kind
of fire fluttering in her eyes.

Mary, could you please let me be of
service? I mean help you?

The question was adorable, but slightly
confusing. What  what do you mean?

You know be of service. Let me do things
for you

But you are doing things for me. You are
being lovely, wonderful making me happy!

Thats not what I mean. Let me show you

With that the girl grabbed the piece of
soap and started rubbing it all over Marys body. Starting with her neck, she
gently worked herself down her back, then over her chest and tits before
continuing down the belly to her crotch and butt. In no time at all she was
soaped all over. And in no time at all she was horny like trickling hell once
again. Those magic fingers could make her mind-splitting crazy!

Then she was rinsed and humbly guided out
from the warm spray with a gallantly supporting hand. The girl grabbed the
largest, fluffiest towel and started rubbing her with even more gentle and
loving care. As the sensual material massaged her butt and thighs, she couldnt
help spreading her legs instinctively to the head that kept moving in
coordination with the rhythmic rubbing right in front of her pubic bone.

The girl finished the task at hand with
full focus though, and then opened the door slightly to reach for her mistress
robe which she had left on a chair right outside to keep it comfortably cool.
This token of consideration added even more energy to Marys emotional heat,
making her tremble lightly in intense excitement. There was nothing in this
world like this incredible girl!

&nbsp;

All dried up and dressed in her cool robe, Mary crossed the room with a huge lemon drink in her
hand and swept through the fluttering curtains out onto the terrace. Linda had
stayed inside to finish drying her own hair and rubbing the suntan lotion into
her skin. Then she rushed to the kitchen corner to grab the coffee can and pour
the content over into a classy china pot on a shiny silver tray before she
finally put the fluffy isolation hood over it.

All stark naked except for a light t-shirt,
she carried the tray with the bottle of lotion out on the terrace and placed it
on the small table under the broad parasol. In the cool shade underneath her
wonderful lady was already reclining on the comfortable deck chair, her robe
opened and wrapped to the side, her naked, tanned beauty gleaming against the
young girl as she faced her with the lotion in her hand.

Oh, hurry up little precious, Im just
dying for your tongue, the woman sighed, pushing her prominent sunglasses
properly up on her nose with a lazy finger. Her nipples were enormous, almost
bursting with desire for some caring stimulation, and her belly jerked convulsively
as the first cold drops of white lotion fell down on the glowing skin.

Even though thighs slipped widely apart and
horny pussy lips opened lewdly in anticipation right in front of her, Linda
breathlessly took her time to rub the lotion properly in. This would be their
first day of full sun exposure, and a proper layer of factor 20 was essential to
avoid any discomfort after several hours on this terrace. Even
if they stayed in the shadow of the parasol, like now. And it was a
wonderful way to drive the heat all the way up to a fever pitch as they
prepared for their lazy hours of lounging!

Her rubbing hands kneaded belly, thighs and
full tits till it was all deliciously moist and shiny. And her mistress nipples
literarily throbbed and her hips started making small bucking movements as the
girls hands passed by, leaving the fat pussy lips gaping hungrily for
worshipping attention.

When the arms were finished, she had to
turn around for the treatment of her backside though.

As the girl worked herself from the heels
upwards, the buttocks continued the shameless motion, flexing and relaxing to
the sensation and rhythm of the massaging hands, readily welcoming anything
prepared to do a good servicing of the dark crack in between.

Linda felt her heart beating like a hammer.
The movement of the soft, voluptuous body under her fingertips almost drove her
crazy. The way those muscles and rounded curves of silky thighs and buttocks
responded to her caresses! Unbelievable! She felt her own patience run out and
leave her in a state of completely unbearable heat. 

Knowing that the back side would not be as
critical as the front, she resisted the urge to dive head on into that tempting
dark crack, and let her oily hand move down on her ladys hips to signal that
she wanted her to turn over again.

Mary did so with a deep sigh, and again her
legs slipped apart almost automatically, ready to receive the loving attention
she was waiting so impatiently for.

Now time was definitely up! Resting her
weight on trembling hands, Linda gently got down to find a good position in
between the indolently spread thighs. When she crouched down on her knees, Mary
could allow the girls upper body between the awesome thighs and still keep her
lower legs firmly up on the chair. Linda got a better idea though, and suddenly
jumped up to run for some towels in the bathroom. As she returned with a huge
pile, her mistress still lay as she had left her, with a slightly confused look
on her face. But as Linda proceeded to put several layers of
towels over the plastic armrests, her expression again transferred to one of soothing
appreciation.

This will make it more comfortable to rest
your legs to the side, Linda murmured as she straightened the white texture
over the crummy rests. Then their eyes met in another adorable smile as the
youngster gentled the thighs out to the sides, deferentially opening her gorgeous
lady to her feverish gaze.

Once again she got on her knees and let her
upper body slide down in between the welcoming legs. The warm pussy felt almost
magnetic, drawing her against it as she painstakingly slowly started kissing
her way up the inside of a hot thigh. Mary sighed deeply and her hips kind of
gyrated slowly in anxious urges. As the sweet lips came up close, the pubic
bone made an impatient little jab up against them, as though it was trying to jump
up and grab her.

Oh, no! There was absolutely no way she
could contain herself any longer. With a thin strand of saliva suddenly seeping
out of the corner of her mouth, she let her cheek brush up along the last inches
of silky skin until her lips sank down onto the lips of the exorable centre of
pleasure. That released a trembling sigh from both of them, unisonily substantiating
their mutual ardour.

As she sank in deep, immersing in
gratifying relish, Linda felt tears press on to once again blur her dim-witted eyes.
She thought she had gotten a bit more in control of her emotions after last
night, but this situation was again different; a setting more explicitly acknowledging
her role as a humble worshipper docilely serving her indolently demanding mistress.
An undisputable classic. And a beauty
of unparalleled proportions, impeccably reflecting the deepest void of her secret
dreams. Reaching into the depth of her soul, and pulling it right out in
the open. And placing it right at her mouth! 

She made a meek attempt to pull herself
together, but then the feelings overwhelmed her for a moment, and the sudden attack
of sobs made her whole body shake. Marys elated moans momentarily shut out any
sounds from down there, but she noticed the almost imperceptible movement, and
was torn out of her state of lustrous bliss. Her voracious pubic mound stopped
amid its ravenous upward thrust and she worked herself up on her elbows to
check on her little precious. Linda sobbed convulsively, tears running down her
nose and moistening her mistress pubic bush. Mary looked down at her with
glowing compassion as she let a hand stoke her head caressively.

Dear girl she murmured with a slightly
concerned voice, you must tell me if Im too demanding... if Im too selfish you
hear!

Linda released her grip around her ladys hips
for a moment to dry off some of the tears. Then she sighed deeply through her
nose before she let her tongue sink back in deep, accompanied by an elated
Mmmmmm

Mary continued stroking the beautiful girl
until the feelings got too intense for her again. Feeling confident about this
being another of her little darlings emotional outburst - simply caused by her
intense submissive passion - she let herself sink back to fully enjoy the
skilfully working tongue. That had proved to be the best way to comfort her
anyway.

Soon the girl was completely calm, and a
kind of placid silence descended. The two of them just lay there, dwelling in
the sensation of
perfectness, happiness and
burning passion; waves of emotion and compassion undulating back and forth
between them. An exceptional kind of love, shown by their
exceptional kind of contact. Lips upon lips  tongue between lips a
mouth working skilfully and patiently with the ultimate goal of providing maximum
pleasure for both of them. A pleasure to signify the bond that now tied them
inexorably together.

Even though Mary had high expectations to the
girls progress, she was still amazed how she managed to read all her bodily
signals. Linda had learned to control her mistress orgasmic build just last
night, and still she was already finding the right level from the very
beginning of their love-session. No instructions necessary. She couldnt have
done it better if she could have worked on herself! Something that should make
it easy to lay back and just enjoy immensely, without a single thought unsettling
her numbed mind. Only that the simple recognition of this extraordinary
progress made her so raging horny that her sensitivity mounted uncontrollably
every time the very fact of it passed through her mind, making the girls task
a difficult case of aiming at a moving target!

Mary had decided to stay put for quite a
while still, but the mental heat produced by all of this just made the whole
situation unbearable. She urgently needed a release that could bring her
emotional havoc a bit under control.

Linda dear I could you bring up the
first one please? I  Ill need that to be able to enjoy our day properly. This
 this is just too much. She sighed deeply before she continued. You know
you have learned it all. In just one full night of training.
Its amazing. Youre just perfect already. And Im so happy and proud that Im
ready to explode! If you take us up, it will be better afterward ooooohhhh!

Mmmmmm.

The sweet tongue changed its movement
almost unobtrusively, searching out some slightly different spots to incite
additional erogenic sensations; without homing closer in on her clit at all.
This was something Mary never actually tried to teach her. It clearly must have
been an idea she had developed herself, figuring out how to keep up the
intensity as she slowly started the build to ecstasy. And it definitely worked!
Mary felt intense waves of heat flush through her belly as the new stimulation
took effect. It made the upwards spiral an entirely different experience,
bringing a kind of unpredictability to it that was entirely different. And it
was her own bodily responses that got unpredictable. Her ability to absorb and consummate the different sensation.
Something that felt as though it came from the inside out rather than the
normal clitoral build towards the point of no return.

And even if she had felt prepared, the
orgasm rushed in all over her before she even knew it. Starting deep within, then
finally rushing down to the eagerly lapping tongue devotedly massaging her
clitoral base before radiating on out. It set all her belly on fire before it
spread out throughout her thighs and up along her spine all the way into her
fervent brain, making the deck chair creak as her body started trashing all
over it. It was an orgasm possibly even harder than the one she had at the end
of the perfect lecture last night, making her bite her knuckles almost
painfully to avoid screaming her pleasure out all over the apartment complex.
Her pelvis lifted itself all off the chair, and she felt her buttocks being
grabbed by craving hands as the wonderful girl continued feeding ferociously on
her blatantly convulsing slit. Her pussy juices literarily gushed into the hard
working mouth as she worked herself sturdily through the furious peak of climax
and over into the lingering stages of satiation and finally a kind of shattered
exhaustion.

Even though it was the first orgasm of the
day, Mary felt almost completely drained, more so than she had actually
expected. Much more intense than planned. But, come to
think of it, it was quite logical, since it actually was her first orgasm
enjoyed from start to a shattering end in perfect physical and mental
relaxation, with full focus on her pleasure only. And with
the full capacity of the girls skills. Something quite different from
the lecture-like sessions they had had up until now; although they had been
most satisfactory too.

And for the first time she didnt really
feel like having the wonderful mouth between her legs for a while; a situation
shed hardly been able to imagine in the earliest days of their lovemaking.
After a short period of sighing recovery, as her wonderful pupil nursed her
down ever so gently with the light tip of her playful tongue, she started to
feel a bit restless.

Linda, dear

Mmmmmm.?

Enough. My lovely little strumpet oh enough

Uh... what? The girl raised her head with a confused
expression on her face. That was the last thing she had expected to hear from
her adorable mistress at that point. Mentally she had already planned the path
through her recovery to the last detail, and was ready to see it through with
every single nerve of her body; until her lady would be ready for some more
wonderful hours of burning hot lovemaking.

Come and sit up a little while, wont
you? Mary had to smile at the obvious disappointment on the girls face. Just a little while. You can stand that, cant you?

Linda smiled back, a bit sheepishly. She
even blushed ever so lightly from the blatant passion and voracious hunger with
which she went to feed on the wonderful source of their mutual pleasure. As she
moved to get up and over to her own deck chair, another shiny strand of pussy
juice seeped out between her lips, making her light embarrassment a bit
heavier. Mary noticed, although she was busy adjusting the back of her chair,
and her smile broadened as she saw the girl quickly wiping it away with the
napkin at her plate.

Youre a picture of eternal youth and
beauty Mary purred as she raised her glass to enjoy the last mouthful of her
lemon drink. That suddenly reminded Linda of the coffee she had prepared and
she hurriedly got the hood off the coffeepot and poured the cups for both of
them. Lifting it elegantly by the fragile plate, she used the spoon to stir in
a few drops of milk before she reached out to hand it over to her beautiful
mistress. The woman accepted it with an almost unnoticeably shaky hand and
immediately took a few deep sips. A sigh of approval told the hopeful girl that
she had done well, also with this part of her service.

They enjoyed their coffee in silence. Mary
almost upright now with her legs crossed, her
shoulders and tits still shining moistly from the fresh lotion. Her breathing was
calm and content and her entire body had an aura of satisfaction that was
almost tangible. An entirely satisfied lady; the thing that
had become the prominent  the only 
goal in Lindas life. Still, somewhere in that aura, in that serene haven
of consolation, there was this imperceptible hint of new energy; a distant dawn
of obscure erotic ardour. 

Linda sensed it immediately. She should
have been amazed, but her own unsatisfied passion kept her on the edge of her
seat as she tried to enjoy her coffee with patient repose. It wasnt easy
though. The heat of the action had brought her almost to the brink of orgasm
herself, and it was just because she knew that there would be so many more
chances to enjoy relief that she was able to withstand the temptation and give
herself over. Now she immensely enjoyed the sweet torment of watching the glistening
skin of Marys body  full, oily tits, powerful arms and thighs and this
deliciously curved belly - feverishly dreaming of the moment when she could
glide in between those wonderful thighs and set to work with her mouth and
tongue once again. The moment when she would feel the first
shudder of pleasure deep inside her goddess body.

They decided on another two and a half hours of tanning, or rather lounging in the shadow of
the huge parasol. Or  actually  a low-grade ride of mutual pleasure that
would make their relaxation complete. And a ride that would show once and for
all that Linda had learned all the tricks and twists of placid pussy worship.
Mary lay motionless, her eyes closed behind the dark sunglasses, an occasional
jerk or a shuddering sigh the only signal that the sensations gently massaged
her convivial mind.

Linda was amazed about the patience and aptitude
with which Mary could take her pleasure. Even though she was totally relaxed
and breathing regularly and composedly, there was a well of very faint signals
to hint at the sweet sensations she enjoyed. It was the regular shudders that
only she could notice, deep within that voluptuous body, or the magical glow of
her skin, especially the heat of her thighs against her cheeks as they slipped
in languorously every now and then, as though they were making love to her
their own way.

And she knew she did the stimulation level
thing exactly right; hours at end. That she managed to
control and reduce the up-and downswings of pleasure down to a practically even
level by carefully observing those same imperceptible signals. And the
token of appreciation flowed at her like a mental ravine, even though not a
single word was spoken, or the slightest caress given. Not until her mistress
finally had a short glance at her watch and found the time right to end the
sweaty ordeal on the now heat-vibrating terrace with another trip to the peak.

Linda dear Ohhhh!

As her lady moved to adjust her body for
maximal enjoyment of her upswing to another intensive peak, Linda used the
opportunity to put her hands under the delicious ass-globes, to kind of lift
the sweet crotch up against her hungry mouth. She kneaded the globes ardently
as she continued feeding on the ravenous slit, using her tongue to stimulate
the clitoral shaft with mounting intensity. The reaction was imminent and
powerful, with the regular sighs quickly transferring into erratic gasps as the
increased passion got to her.

Linda established her steady recipe for
eruption by letting her tongue glide wetly in massaging sweeps up and down across
the sensitive shaft. As she felt the climax rushing on, she took all of the sex
in her mouth, concentrating on keeping the tongue-sweeps on the same rhythmic level
of intensity. The thighs along her cheeks started shuddering and jerking, and
the belly muscles danced and throbbed deliciously in front of her eyes as her
lady worked herself ferociously up to the final level; the edge from which
there was only one way ahead!

Then it hit!

Mary clenched her teeth and threw her head
back as her hips bounced wildly up and down on the chair. Linda grasped the
oily waist with both hands and pressed her mouth at the pulsing opening as she
strove to hang on through the violent ecstasy. She kept her tongue swirling
relentlessly across the spasming clit as Mary drew a series of short breaths
without exhaling, before she finally shook violently and spurted a rich
quantity of creamy pussy juice into her admirers hard-working mouth. Then she
tensed stiffly, lurched a few more time, before she collapsed down on the chair
again with an almost painful groan. 

Linda had remained in perfect position all
through the ecstasy, and once again succeeded in finding the right moment to
ease the stimulation, before it went over into an unbearable tickling. With her
most loving care, she let her tongue slip down to continue its play ever so
gently a long the pink groove of the lower slit, letting her hands slide
caressively over belly and thighs as she want along. 

Mary lay almost silent for a while until
she had her breathing under control again. Her thighs slipped limply to the
side. She recovered her sunglasses from her armpit and put them back on her nose.
Then she let one hand slip lazily down to caress her lovers damp forehead.

Oooh Linda youre simply the best. The
best! This was perfect in every way! She raised her sunglasses up on her
forehead with lazy fingers and smiled down at her. Im afraid Ive got nothing
more to teach you

Mmmmm I love you. Hmmmmm

And I love you. Youve learned so well and
so fast that Im afraid Ill never be able to live without you never!

It was said a bit jokingly, but they both
knew there was quite a significant element of truth in it. And Linda hoped it
was entirely true. Right now she wanted nothing more than just spend the rest
of her life between these thighs, pleasing her new-found love for all eternity.

Although the afternoon heat was almost
unbearable, they both lay silently for a little while to recover. Any thought
about getting up was totally horrendous.

Mary?

Mmmm?...

Do you really mean that I did it
absolutely right?

Of course. Didnt you notice?

Mary tried to keep her voice relaxed, but
she was so sensitive that even the light tongue-tip play at the entrance to her
vagina kept her nervously tensed. But it was quite a sweet agony after all. The
girl flashed her a faint smile, and raised her head
slightly to rest her cheek on a glowing hot thigh, still using her finger to
gently toy with the curly pubic bush.

Mary uh when were making love uh

Yes darling? Mary immediately understood
that something important was coming up. 

When we uh... do
it. Could we could you gosh its so hard to say. The girl frowned and tore
almost painfully in Marys pubic hair. Could you be a
little rough?!

Pardon? I mean uh what do you mean? Rough?

The girl reddened, even more now than ever
before since they met. She swallowed hard a couple of times before she
continued.

Remember you asked if I thought you were
too selfish a little while ago? Another hard swallow.
Well I didnt. I didnt! I  I would like you to be more strong more
demanding. Really. When we make
love. I want you to be my mistress. My strong mistress!

Mary understood. Immediately.
Like the final puzzle-piece falling in place. She had felt it all the time,
actually. It was all in the young darlings dainty personality. A submission stronger than she had been able to imagine in her wildest
dreams. Like this wasnt already a wild dream.

Again nothing was said as the idea started
sinking in. Then Mary smiled, worked herself up from the chair and sighed
deeply.

You know; why dont we hit the showers and
go grab a bite to eat again? Lets talk it over with our favourite beef on the
plate. Im starving. Back on her feet she threw the robe over her shoulders.
And I really want to hear you properly out on this!

Linda relaxed visibly, and resolutely jumped
to her feet to assist in their preparation.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To be continued

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Southern Nights 09 - Perfect Satisfaction

 
  Tantala
  A young girl's submission to an executive lady's needs
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-09-24T18:39:00Z
  2006-09-24T18:39:00Z
  1
  4872
  27776
  231
  65
  32583
  10.2625
 

 
  
  0
  0
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Southern
Nights 09.  Perfect Satisfaction.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Jim Mallory again! No deep screw this time
either, but enough to embarrass everybody, or at least those of them who
understood the situation well enough to now they should be embarrassed. Mary included. Still; in spite of all his
physical and mental imperfections Mary kind of liked him - after all. He was
clumsy, true enough, sometimes terribly clumsy, but generally good-tempered and
even quite hard-working. Completely different from Eric. And naturally her boss
was too preoccupied with his own appearance to recognize the fact that they
were most likely loosing grip of the situation right now. 

Mary knew that the right thing would have
been to ask her to hold the presentation. Or rather  ask her to revise the whole
basis for the study, using an entirely different statistical method. 

She had problems concentrating  almost as
usual these days  even though she new she had to keep her focus well enough to
avoid further stab-in-the-back attempts from Eric. 

Even now it was all because of a woman. But
at least not some docile teen-ager as before. This time it was her good old
friend in need Angela. And Mary had good reason to have problems with her
focus. She still couldnt believe what she had done. Telling her friend in
almost plain words what shed been up to on her latest vacation in Alvarez!
Well, not exactly telling  hardly even hinting  but still crossing a line she
knew would bring her good friend straight on the track. Angela wasnt stupid.
No friggin way. Then she wouldnt make it as far as she had done up the
corporate ladder of Wiley &amp; Brooks. Just in some five years or whatever it
was. Sure she could be a despondent ass-licker to get on upwards, but she
possessed the blessed ability to do it in a way that presented her as a
solicitous Madonna to the people she just walked over. Heaven knows how many
times she had envied her that quality. Why couldnt she succeed in getting
around Eric that way? Now the situation was rather that she would be torn along
if he for any of several good reasons should tumble off the chair he clung on
to.

Anyway, tonight she would see Angela in
Chester Lodge, a hotel bar close to the restaurant where she had her first
serious talk with Linda. There she knew she would be interrogated from head to
toe. Angela had had like five million questions on her phone already, all
indicating that she was more than passionate about her hunch. Still Mary didnt
want to reveal much more than her initial hints. First of all she quite enjoyed
keeping Angela a bit in the dark. Secondly  and much more important  it was
still quite embarrassing to talk about this, no matter how much intimacies they
had shared in the past. All those things had been about men, and quite ordinary
things about men. And they were close enough to admit any kind of sexual
arousal without the faintest touch of embarrassment when it came to that. No
problem at all. But attraction to women  not to mention much younger women -
that was an entirely different ballgame, and something they had never vented in their heated discussions
on various sexual adventures. Angelas persistent pursue of more details about
her latest off-time endeavours had caught her a bit off-guard, and she felt a
certain need to kind of disarm the whole situation once they sat down to talk
it over. Maybe she would be left totally embarrassed, and with one close friend
less in her life?

Still, her gut feeling told her that
Angelas interest was genuine - even passionate - in a way that sent a million
inconspicuous signals about her immense curiosity about these kinds of
lady-girl encounters. Consequently Mary found herself in a situation where she
would have to keep a delicate balance between safeguarding her own dignity and
satisfying her curiosity about Angelas real desires in that area. How
wonderful it would be if she could come out as a friend in need even there!
Someone to share even these kinds of very secret passions with. Not that she
actually felt the need to share it with anybody at all  she was perfectly
happy with the way things were at the moment  but still there was this need to
just talk to someone about all the
wonderful things that had happened in her life the last few weeks. It was a
frustrating thing to feel so good and so cherished, and not being able to tell
everybody about her happiness! So, Angela would have to be her someone, at
least if she would prove broad-minded enough to handle it.

Broad-minded or not; she was late, as
usual. As she finally came rushing in the door, Mary had been there for almost
half an hour, already downing two stiff drinks as she waited nervously,
thinking back and forth about how to put things the right way. She wasnt angry
at all. Actually she felt she needed the extra time for some additional
thinking. And she knew anyway that Angela always ran late, no matter what
agreements they made. That was just an integrated part of her. And another
thing that constantly kept her wondering how on earth she managed to get so
easily ahead in her career.

Angela slumped down opposite to her with a
flushed face and slightly untidy hair, breathing heavily from what looked like
at least a one-block run. Still, her beauty was undisputable even in this
state. The woman was a ravishing blonde; tall, exceptionally sexy, with heaven-blue
eyes under unusually long and languorous lashes. She was married the second
time, and as far as Mary knew it worked quite well this time. At least so far.
Her husband had made it quite big in real estate development, and the
partnership shares from his ventures were worth enough to ensure them a good
and wealthy life whenever he should choose to retire. 

Only Angela would never settle down with
something like that; just immerse into some empty heap of luxury and float
about with the eddies of everyday congruities. She was  and would always be 
a woman of action, one who would like to see things happen around her. Exciting
things. That was also the sole reason why she pursued her friends words so
persistently, if Mary knew her right.

And she knew her right, all right. It
didnt take her more than about ten minutes of empty talk of shopping and shoes
and a few extra  completely invisible  pounds on her gracious ass before she
got down to business. A bit hesitantly, sure enough, but typically Angie.

Mary, she got serious, and a touch of read
appeared on her cheek. She coughed once, then once more. Mary I  I know you
quite well. Well enough to know that youre not a lesbian. If so, I would have
noticed a long tome ago. She stopped, looking Mary over with those almost
diagnostic eyes of hers as she took a deep sip of her drink. Still Mary felt
that her friend struggled a bit to meet her eyes as straight forwardly as she
normally did. So whats this all about? I mean just just how are the two of
you making out!?

Mary had waited for this moment. But no
matter how well prepared she ever felt, none of those clever remarks came to
her mind now when she needed them most; no matter how much she had practised
and put them artistically together in her memory. Her head was like completely
empty. She just sat there looking open-mouthed back at her friend, until Angela
finally burst out laughing.

Dont look so damn far out, baby. You
should have seen yourself right now! She laughed even more. Mary couldnt help
but joining in. Im really glad I didnt  she responded defiantly as she
shook her head to kind of clear her mind a bit. The giggling broke the tension
a bit, and Mary suddenly recalled some of the things she had decided to tell
her friend about her fantastic experiences with Linda.

Well you know uhhh I didnt say
anything about making out any

Aw come on baby. Dont give me that cr
nonsense. You dont fool me. You wouldnt mention things the way you did if it
wasnt absolutely exceptional. You wouldnt mention it at all! And if you
wouldnt even make out one way or the other, how could it be that sensational? To someone like you?
Dont forget I know you!

Again; Angela could present herself as a
solicitous saint to the people she just walked over. This was a classical case
of her steamroller overrun, although for her it wasnt even a hostile one.
Actually the situation more than called for the kind of clear language
necessary to say things in plain English. Mary could see that too. A new kind
of boldness was needed, even in the relationship between the two of them.
Because this was different from their ordinary empty sex-gossip they normally
shared.

Only problem; she simply couldnt get
around to lay it out in those simple, direct words that practically pounded in
her chest to be cracked wide open in front of them. One thing was to do it all,
to enjoy the heated passion of the wild action she and Linda had enjoyed
together over a full and most fulfilling week. Another thing to put those things
into clear words opposite to a friend. It was as difficult as deliberately
using vulgar expression, something she had never fancied, although some of her
male partners had asked for it on several occasions in the past.

I uh She swallowed, only partially
camouflaged by another gulp from her drink. Then she decided there was no
reason why she couldnt keep her friend a little bit longer in the dark as she
tried to figure out how to put things without sounding stupid  or vulgar or
both!

Ive got an idea. Lets get together for
the outdoor concert with the Mayland Philharmonics tomorrow evening. I was
planning to go there anyway, and some classical music wont kill you. By then
Ill know what to say, and then we can talk. How about that?

Done!

That was it. Test passed. No question that
Angela was interested. Her being willing to go through a classical concert to
get to know the details about Lindas qualities, that was true devotion to the
subject at hand! And Mary got off the hook just as easy as that. And the
feeling of relief was so tangible it made her friend burst out in laughter once
again. She took the edge off any bad feeling that might be left still by
raising her glass and cheeringly clicking it with Marys as she finally brought
it up. They were on it, and there was only one way ahead.

-
- -

That night Mary had serious problems
falling asleep. Her heart thumped in her chest even as she lay relaxing in her
own bed. She was terribly excited, and there vas no way she could get all kinds
of vivid images out of her mind. So many new things had come up. So many
exciting possibilities. Especially since Angela had entered the scene with her
quite surprising attitudes about Marys sexual resurrection.

To her own surprise she felt the heat pump
her libido the most when her thoughts returned to how to phrase things in front
of Angie the next day. Just imagining the heated discussion they would be
involved in was enough to make her skin tingle. And there was another dimension
to it as well; something she didnt mention at all back at the restaurant. If
things would develop the right way, and she would feel confident that all three
of them would be capable of handling it, she could call Linda in to join
them!! Just call and ask her to come over and sit with them. That would be a surprise. She would love
to see even Angies face flatten out like a honey-dyed pancake the moment she
understood who she was facing. That would be a sight for sore eyes. Imagine;
she looking someone in the eyes that she realized at some point might be found
wedged down between her thighs to use her insatiable mouth on her succulent
pussy!

That remained to be seen, of course. Mary
obviously appealed strongly to Lindas appetite, no doubt about that. But it
was no saying how things would work out with Angela. To Mary she was a
neck-twisting beauty, and if she herself should ever be tempted to try
something with a woman, it would have to be with someone like Angela. But still
you can never know how that turns out when it is about a different person.
Different eyes and taste. Still; she would be exceptionally surprised if there
wouldnt be some kind of emotional link between the two of them. If it would be
just a fraction of the intensity with which she and Linda came together, it would
be another raging success. Beyond doubt. She just had to make sure it wasnt
just too much of a success though. She might want to share the experience with
her best friend  since she was so enthusiastic about it  but not loose her to
her. No way! But she doubted very much shed be rude enough to attempt
something in that direction when she was told so clearly that this girl was her
plaything and hers alone. She was more like hoping she could be inspired to
find such a girl on her own. A lady like Angie certainly could use help like
that. Which was actually the reason why the thought struck her in the first
place. Then she could set off to train her the same way she had trained Linda.
And learn that the training could be as delightful as the final skills that
came from it. Like she had learned in such a wonderful way herself.

As she twisted her body around for the
mphth time on the damp sheets, her thoughts wandered back to those wonderful
days of wine and roses in Alvarez. Now when it had all got a little bit more
distant, it was more and more like a fairytale. Almost like it had happened in
some cloudy dream, not in this real life on this real planet. Oh how she wanted
to have her here right now. Right here between her legs. Have that incredible
tongue nurse her gently to sleep, blessedly freed of all tensions and
frustrations. The way only she could. But the kid had quite a lot of things to
pick up on, and her mother had been most insistent even before they set out on
their trip that following things up afterwards was an inescapable condition for
going away at all. So they both had agreed that it was a good idea to lay low
for a few days until things settled back to normal. None of them had the
impression that her mother suspected anything else but what they had pretended
it to be; a preparation trip for a possible season job as a local
tourist-resort guide. Every girls dream, convivially understood even by her
mother. Still it was better to be on the safe side, and Mary had accepted the
fact that she would have to deal with her rediscovered sex drive on her own for
a few days. That too was an incredible thing. Just a few weeks back that was
the way things were in her life. Now, all of a sudden, she could hardly
contemplate how to survive these few days without the comfort of the girls
skilled stimulation.

Most of all she would have liked to be back
in the wonderful bed, even struggling with the poorly functioning air
conditioner, and enjoy the intense worship of that incredible girl. Not just
her skilled stimulation; just as much the unparalleled enthusiasm and devotion
with which she strove to please. The devotion that made her feel so special.
Made her feel like there was nobody else in this world for this girl than her.
A mind-buggering sensation that made the sexual stimulation much more intense,
adding a mental dimension to the physical that skewed her mind into sheer
bliss.

Oh yeah; right here between her legs!
Serving her with that shuddering passion of hers. The unparalleled enthusiasm
and devotion she would never be able to live without any more. That was already
completely clear to her. Her life would be completely empty without young Linda
Verdale to comfort her. Normally that would be a pretty frightening notion;
basing your life on something as dubious as that. But somehow she felt so
confident about the girls feeling to her that it served only to fuel her sense
of immense happiness. And heat! It trickled through her body, running warm and
cold shivers up and down her spine, making her nipples painfully stiff as it
overwhelmed her with an almost suffocating mental force.

Just like it had done those last nights in
the heat of her flat in Alvarez. The warm, sweaty atmosphere had been an
ever-present background as they poured out their insatiable passion on each
other into the longest hours of the night. Only interrupted by the cold,
refreshing showers they had together as they recovered in between her orgasms.

They had tried every thinkable and probably
a few unthinkable positions and fantasy schemes, driven on by an unstoppable
energy that stunned both of them with its tireless ferocity.

Especially Lindas request that Mary be
more rough on her really got their passion flowing. It acted as a kind of key
to unlock even deeper and more secret chambers of hidden passion, setting free
dreams and desires they hardly knew they even possessed. It was like an
overpowering drug, taking hold of their bodies and minds and reshaping them
into wild animals of lust. Mary remembered like in a haze how she found herself
sitting on Lindas face as she pinned her arms down into the mattress with
hands and knees, rubbing her burning pussy relentlessly down on the girls
mouth as she trembled and shuddered in a passion far beyond anything the likes
of cognisant sensibility. Even in this out powered position the magic tongue worked in perfect harmony with her erratic
thrusts, wrestling delightfully with her pulsing clitoris as it slid back and
forth over the delighted mouth. It didnt take long until the rollercoaster
ride to ecstasy made her knees slip off the girls arms, and as Marys hands
came down to hold and guide the girls head, she got her own arms free to go
for her ladys nipples as she used her tongue to stab the twitching clit the
last few lashes up to a thunderous orgasm that had to rank with the best ones
Mary had ever experienced her entire life! She recalled how she had pulled
mercilessly in the girls hair as she bore down with her pussy with such force
that the girl whimpered in agony. Still she kept her mouth open and her tongue
working as the gut-wrenching ecstasy gushed her love juices down into her
throat like a bursting water pipe.

Thinking back, this was probably the
ultimate peak of their lovemaking. The wildest climax of a week as wild as she
could ever imagine. And as wild as she could ever take it. And that was the
thing that still amazed her so many days afterwards; something she really
couldnt get over. How she could muster this kind of insatiable sex drive? She
had no idea how many orgasms she had experienced during those fever-hazy days.
Still, after each one, she was almost immediately hungry for more. It was like
she was picking up on a lifetime worth of wasted sexual energy! All in one
intense week!

And not only did she have an endless number
of orgasms. After these first fumbling evenings, the quality of them had
sky-rocketed as well, leaving each new climax with an increasing intensity that
nearly made her faint at times. That alone would be powerful enough to take
down any ancient warrior. But not her! The girl got her going again in no time,
simply just by the mental power of her presence. Those eyes looking
worshipfully up at her. And that miraculous tongue working at exactly the right
intensity at exactly the right spot at exactly the right moment - all the
time!! Bringing new life to her war-torn body in a matter of minutes. Like she
had never had sex at all.

And then there was this unforgettable last
night. The last, exhausting night together where they coupled lazily to the
first light of dawn seeped in through the blinds. True enough they had some
short naps of sleep in between bouts, but the nearness of their warm bodies
soon had them going again, bringing young head between widely spread lady
thighs for new passionate rides. That incredible tongue found its way into all
her most secret places, discovering new, unknown g-spots as it went along.
Spots she never knew about on her own body, but immediately appreciated as soon
as the miraculous tongue spotted them, one by one. And in places that she never
imagine she would ever let a tongue go! But with young Linda she happily drew
her knees all the way up to her ears, doubling up to make perfect access to her
devoted darling, as she kept exploring all the treasures her body could offer. 

Although she wasnt able to reciprocate in
the ways her wonderful slave girl did, she still enjoyed having her body close
to her, letting her hands or her cheek caress soft hips and smooth-skinned
thighs as they enjoyed a kind of 69- position where the girl devoured her pussy
with unstoppable hunger. Although it was a stronger experience of nearness,
which brought on very intense orgasms, she still preferred to be on her back
and let the girl eat her gently and slowly up to controlled but insanely
convulsive explosions that normally made her pass out for a little while before
the girls nursing tongue brought her back to consciousness again. Somehow the
extra feeling of power of that position got to her even stronger, definitely
adding to the intensity of the orgasms. And she sensed that this was her young
worshippers preference too. She could tell by the way she moaned, by the way
her nose buried in her pubic bush, the way her hands kept sliding and caressing
her buttocks, belly and tits as she started shuddering in the upswing to yet
another gut-tearing outburst.

Linda hardly ever let herself be driven
over the edge along with her. She could tell because the few times it happened,
she screamed through her nose into her pubic bush as the climax impacted, although
she tried to bury it so hard it could hardly be heard. A woman knows
immediately, and there was no way she could hide it from her. It even
intensified her own orgasms, making her squirt some exhausted jets of thin
juice into her throat as she laboured insanely against the incredible mouth.
The girl let herself go only when she felt sure Mary could take no more, and
normally she was right. There came a time when even her strength ran out, and they simply passed out as they lay and
slept like tops far into the next day. Luckily there was no further problems
with the conditioner, so they could wake up reasonably fit, although mostly one
our later for each passing day.

So it was two overly happy and exhausted
persons who entered the flight back home the next afternoon. Alvarez lay bathed
in sunshine like ever before. A beautiful day to finally make a few pictures
that Linda could use as a cover for her stay back home. The fortress, the
marina and the pearl-fishers museum, the sulphur lake and all those other
known things she had to know as a potential future guide.

On the plane they fell asleep immediately,
and didnt wake up until dinner was served. That was when they finally had some
time for some real serous talking about their life together. How they were
imagining things to be in the near future. The girl was surprisingly relaxed
about it. Obviously she anticipated few problems from the side of her mother,
something that again revoke Marys curiosity about what she actually could be
like. She made a mental note about remembering to check this out more closely
when they got back. Something she hadnt found time to do yet, by the way.

They found they were able to speak
completely naturally about their feelings now. None of this obstructive shyness
that made it so hard in the past. Mary remembered how she felt the need to pour
her heart out to the young girl as they ate; just as though she was an old
girlfriend in need.

You dont know how much this has done to
me! When we first met I felt an uncertainty I hadnt experienced since early in
my working career. I felt awkward and clumsy to the degree of sheer
helplessness. And if you ever know how much I have worked on getting away from
this how much I have trained and practiced to keep up a confident and elegant
appearance at all times  Then youd know what I mean.

She sighed and
adjusted the pillow behind her neck to find a more comfortable position in her
seat, sending a languorous wave of perfumed musk over into Lindas convivial
senses.

Did it show? I mean could you see how
confused I was? Easily?!

Linda was silent for a moment, her mouth
full from a generous fork of chicken chest. After a moment of intense chewing
and thinking, she looked over at her and nodded. Then she smiled a bit shyly.

Really? Mary smiled back almost sadly,
prompting the girl to quickly wipe her mouth with the napkin and gulp down her
mouthful.

You shouldnt feel bad about it Mary It
was pretty tough for me too. I tell you! We never did anything like this
before. None of us. And we didnt know what to expect

The well-chosen words almost left Mary
agape. Linda turned more towards her and put a hand on her sensual shoulder.

The important thing is how we are now,
right? I feel so good as I never did before in my life! She stopped and looked
at her lady for a split second. Dont you?

Oh yes Yes! Of course I do. You wouldnt
even know! She smiled and turned over to stroke her lovers cheek with gentle
fingertips. Then she looked her deeply into the eyes. Linda I think Im desperately
in love with you! She paused a moment. I dont know if Ill ever be able to
go back to a life without you!

Linda looked back bravely, noticing that it
was Mary who almost had tears in her eyes this time. But as she prepared to
answer, she felt them coming to her too.

Mary you dont have to! Honest! Then
those wonderful words came; Ill serve you the rest of your life. I promise!

Before they knew it they were in each
others arms, sobbing gently as they made a pact that felt as important as a
marriage, almost. They both knew it was nothing like that, but it underscored
their mutual will to be there for each other whenever possible. After all Linda
vas a teenager and she was 38, almost 39. She wouldnt even want the youngster
to spend the best years with her only. But she was hoping that they could find
a way to make things good and happy for both of them as they went their natural
paths of life.

Im so glad Linda darling Ill be there
for you. And youll always be welcome Always!

&nbsp;

Mary felt so happy just
thinking back on that wonderful conversation and so horny she was ready to
burst! All those mind-boggering images almost drove her crazy. Her hand had
found its way to her pussy, and she was overly attempted to take it off to a
thunderous orgasm right there and then. Otherwise she would never be able to fall asleep. The she
managed to get hold of herself. 

Her young darling would be
with her again tomorrow night, looking after all her desperate needs with the
adorable attention that she loved and craved so much. Holding through until
then would just make things even better. And her orgasms belonged in the girls
mouth now. Nowhere else! Although the first one was bound to blow off within a
few seconds of skilled tongue stimulation! But what the hell. There would be
all the rest of the evening and the night for the more composed and controlled
build-ups.

If she could only calm down
enough to fall asleep now, everything would be ready for another mind-bending
rapture the next evening.

After a while of restless
twisting about on the bed, she found the only solution that would bring peace
to her mind. Jim Mallorys last report about the Wilcoxon- method on the
clinical impact of Maracydine on the Teloco-databasis of RFT &amp; Lexter
Venture draft

- - -

So, you really made out
after all, didnt you? Angela looked triumphantly into her eyes, the effect of
her third stiff drink showing in her highly eloquent eyes. They had fond a table a little bit
to the side, and had enjoyed the mollifying music and a few stiff drinks for
quite a while already. And as the conversation inevitably returned to the
centre interest, they quickly forgot about everything but the signals they sent
each other. Angela clearly needed to find out more about this, and now she was
well on the way, seeing how the alcohol slowly blurred even her faithful
friends solicitous vision.

Angela, I told you; I dont
like those kinds of expressions. 

So in what way do you want
me to put it, for heavens sake!? Im being extraordinary modest already. You
know that.

Yes, I know. Mary muttered,
taking a deep breath to finally open up to her close friend. Now she felt much
more prepared. The long night of thinking and masturbation had brought things
in order in a way, at least so that she had found a way to convey her feelings
about the affair, even to a person as close as Angie.

Yes, we made love. A whole
lifetime worth. It was unbelievable!

There was a moment of silence
as the words sank in. The first real confirmation of what they both knew. 

Yes?

Well she was adorable. Such
a sweet little darling. I really couldnt get enough of her!

So you guys went down to
some kind of you know 69? You know where they pleasure each other mutually?

Mary frowned again, then
decided to simply ignore her friends way of putting things. At least for now.

Uh not exactly

What do you mean not exactly? What did you do then? Mary, dont be
cruel. You started it, no you tell me, you hear! Angela grabbed her arm so
impatiently that Mary almost spilled some of her drink. She understood this was
something special; more than just another roll in the hay, even if it was with
a girl. Special even for that!

Mary was a bit giddy for a
moment, then put her drink down and smiled, reddening slightly as she got ready
to set off the really big bomb.

She, uh she was serving
me

She what? Angela gasped and
her jaw dropped.

Serving me. I mean she did
it to me. Pleasured me. Made me feel good.

Angela stared open-mouthed
for another moment.

The whole week?!? she
finally blurted out.

Mary got redder. Uh yes.

Angela closed her mouth and
swallowed. Her eyes had got an almost tangible glow that threatened to burn
through her skin. She raised her glass with a shaky hand and drained the rest
of her drink. Her eyes went from one side to the other, as though she was
looking for something. Then down on her hands and deep into her empty glass.
Then, all of a sudden, they drilled almost brutally into hers again.

The whole week?!? She
suddenly burst out laughing, again grabbing her arm with her strong hand.
Mary, youre incredible. I dont believe a word of this! Then her eyes got
this sudden touch of profoundness that clearly revealed how her mind worked on
it. She let go again and leaned back as she folded her fingers under her cheek.
She was silent for another moment as she looked her friend all over.

Its really true, isnt it?
I can see it all over you! And I knew this had to be something really
extraordinary. I could read you like an open book! Again a shining smile; a
little more reluctant this time.

Even under this scrutinizing
attack Mary felt she was getting more and more on top of the situation. She
could still feel her cheeks glowing, but her breathing and pulse gradually
returned to normal. Her friends unhidden excitement over what she had heard
made her feel that it wasnt such a hilarious thing after all. Not in Angelas
world, that is.

Only the repeated crossing of
her knees back and forth revealed her on-the-edge excitement over the whole
thing.

This girl - what was her name again?  Linda
this Linda She put her folded hands down over her skirt-covered knee. She
pleasured you all the time. Like with the tongue? On your your?

Uh-huh

The whole week?

Uh-huh

I dont believe you! Again
those intense eyes protruding her mind like a spear. How how could you I
mean that must be a helluvalot of orgasms right?

Yes

She got silent. Mary could
see on her lips that she once again repeated the the whole week- sentence to
herself. And then again. Then silence for a moment.

Mary, now when youve told
me this, I hope youre going to let me see her! I mean a girl like that Well
uh they just dont happen to grow around on trees.

Mary chuckled. I should
think not she mused guilefully. The nervousness she had felt was completely gone.
Totally replaced by a feeling of utter supremacy. As being in charge in an
entirely new and wonderfully exciting way. Quite a new situation in her
relationship to Angie.

Angela leaned forward almost
abruptly; You are going to introduce
us, arent you?!? Her voice was thin and her eyes now revealed something near
sheer desperation.

I think so

When?!?

How soon would you like?

As soon as you can make it.
Her eyes  her entire body  radiated sheer and blatant arousal. Again Mary had
to strive to stop herself from laughing condescendingly.

Mmmmm. Ill see what I can
do, okay?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Southern Nights 10 - angela



 
  Tantala
  A young girl's submission to an executive lady's needs
   jim
  2
  2066
  2006-09-24T18:39:00Z
  2006-09-24T18:39:00Z
  1
  5410
  30842
  257
  72
  36180
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  0
  0
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Southern Nights 10 
Angela.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Finally! After almost a week of agonizing
waiting! Mary sat in her car a few hundred feet up the street from Lindas
school, as they had agreed. Her heart thumped heavily in her chest as she
waited impatiently, trying to sort out Lindas silhouette in the group of young
people that squirmed about all over the campus-like courtyard in front of the
distinguished old building.

She almost jumped when she suddenly saw the
familiar profile of her little pet coming sneaking up from the opposite
direction, showing up only a few feet from her car. She almost threw herself
over to help open the door to her. The girl slumped down in the seat beside her
with a beaming smile and the most wonderful hello you can ever imagine, and
bent over to hug and kiss her beloved lady with the most open and natural of
shifts. Mary grabbed her and held her tight for a long moment, carelessly
forgetting everything around them, until she noticed Linda started struggling
to get free. One of the teachers came walking by, and they just barely managed
to get composed before their heated embrace would be spotted. Mary smiled a
little clumsily and turned back to start up the car. Definitely better to find
some place else. She really wouldnt like to see their first meeting end up
with her little darling struggling to get away from her! They took off down
towards the beach boulevard, heading the shortest possible way to her flat over
in Dexter.

Mary was still frustrated beyond words.
Circumstances had made it impossible for them to meet up as planned the last
couple of days. Lindas mother had insisted that her daughter pick up quite a
bit on her studies, and besides they had had relatives visiting from out of
town, something that obviously demanded even the daughters undivided attention
for several days. Linda had been asked to tell them everything about her
exciting stay in Alvarez, and the possibilities it left her to have a part-time
job as a tourist guide the following years. She found it surprisingly easy to put
together a long story with continuous lies that would make her crumple in pain
under any normal circumstances. Maybe because the truth was
so totally beyond anything that would be possible to tell anybody.
Anyway, she had lied continuously for several hours,
and she didnt even feel bad about it. Picture that!

So this would be their first real afternoon
together since the return. And they didnt have much time. Later Mary had
scheduled for them to meet with Angela at La Campona down town, where they were
going to sit down for a proper dinner and some serious talking. Right now Mary
bitterly regretted that she had agreed to set it up so soon. She would gladly
give her right arm for a full, undisturbed night with her little darling girl.
But she never thought it would be so long until they would be able to enjoy
each others heated company again.

There was a clear lesson to be learned from
this; Linda was still in school, and that obviously came first. Case closed.
They simply had to get used to the fact that she was in no position to run off
and do whatever she liked any time she liked. Mary couldnt either, of course,
but still her position was a lot more free anyhow,
only limited by the flexible working hours, and left her with plenty of
possibilities to sneak away to have her needs looked after.

As soon as they were clear off the school
courtyard, Linda leaned over again to plant a wet kiss on her mistress lightly
rouged cheekbone. Then she went over to let the tip of her tongue play moistly
in her ear as she let her hand find the surface of an incredibly soft and silky
thigh under the edge of the skirt.

As they crossed the corner at Wellman, they
saw that the shortcut at the other side of the bridge was jammed to full stop.
And there was no other way to get through on a fast track at this time.

Mary cursed between clenched teeth, a bit
out of ideas about what to do next. She was so horny her hands were shaking on
the wheel, and she couldnt stand even the thought of waiting in line for more
than an hour to get there.

They sat in silence for a moment, with
Annes face still nudged down into Marys neck, her lips and tongue-tip playing
games with the sensitive skin and the dangling ear-ring. Then she suddenly
lifted her head.

Mary

Yes, precious?

Why dont we uh go up to Milton Park? I
mean its probably deserted up there right now

Mary was confused for a moment. Then she
felt a glowing wave rush along her spine as the meaning hit her.

You mean yeah?!?

Mmmmm Linda nodded, sinking her face back
in her neck and taking a deep breath to enjoy the scent of her mistress silky
hair.

Mary was out and around in no time, and soon they passed by the memorable mall at Sandy Bay and headed up the steep road to the top of
the rugged hills overlooking the city from the north. 

By the time they turned into the huge
parking lot on the top, Linda had peeled open the two upper buttons of her
ladys blouse, and her hand was all the way up under the skirt, gently tickling
a pair of throbbing pussy lips through the now totally soaked texture of her
panties. As expected, the lot was completely empty, and they got over to the
opposite end, right at the solid rail at the cliff. As soon as the break was
on, Linda was on her knees in the narrow space, urgently tugging at the lacy
material of the panties. Mary helped along the best she could, somehow lifting
her butt off the seat as her feet slipped noisily off the pedals under her. She
couldnt understand why she had got the idea to wear panties on this occasion
anyway. If the thing was to avoid getting her skirt stained, a huge Pampers
Baby Dry would have been a better idea!

Somehow she even managed to get the shoe off
her right foot to put it up on the seat as the girls dark head plunged in to
finally get the long yearned-for contact. In a few seconds the effect of the
penetrating tongue got to her with such force that she drew in a series of
short, sharp breaths without a chance of exhaling. Desperately she fumbled with
the handles to get the seatback further down as she prepared for a trip to
paradise that was likely to be a very short and intensive one! It finally came
down with a tug, making her pelvis jump instinctively, impaling her even firmer
on the already hard-working tongue.

Oooohhh Linda! Oh
Yesssss!!

Mmmmm.

Mary thought she had been prepared for the
sensations that washed in over her. That the memories from
those endless hours of unparalleled bliss down in Alvarez were still alive and
fiddling in the back of her mind. All ready to rock n roll once again.
But she was wrong. Desperately wrong! 

Despite the rather uncomfortable position,
with the steering wheel digging painfully into her left thigh and no support of
her lower back, she felt the intense pleasure like a paralysing glow, numbing
her entire body as she strove to draw her breath. 

Luckily they had reached a kind of
consensus about this being just a short intermezzo on the way to a deeper and
more thorough satisfaction as soon as they finally reached the privacy of
Marys comfortable flat. Or at least as thorough as time would allow until
theyd have to split for the appointment with Angela.

After a short bout of light fucking in the
sweet folds of her vagina, the girls clever tongue quickly found the shaft of
her clit, and started a rhythmic, relentless flicking back and forth that had
the woman shaking like a leaf in a matter of minutes. Mary instinctively
grasped the bobbing head with both hand and pressed herself relentlessly
against the hard working mouth, feeling the last grain of control flowing out
of her along with her rich quantities of pussy juice.

The next moment the shaking and the grip on
the dark head drastically intensified, until a violent jerk signalled the
arrival of an orgasm more deliric than any of them had ever experienced before.
Two weeks of pent-up passion to be released in one, violent eruption!

Mary threw her head back against the
neck-support as she screamed wildly, almost blowing their eardrums in the tight
confinement of the car.

The bouncing and trashing got so wild that
Lindas cheek was kicked painfully against the wheel several times. But she
managed to stay in place and keep her focus on the pulsing clit and the
generous spurts of sweet pussy cream that splashed all over her tongue. The
ecstasy was so incredibly wet that she for a moment feared the liquid flowing
at her would be more than just passion of her orgasm. But the flavor remained sweet and musky, nothing of the
briny, salty taste shed expect if that unthinkable thing would happen.

Still it was much wetter than what she
remembered, almost drowning her in the unremitting pursuit of the last,
exhilarating waves of pleasure. Seeking her submission in
ways that made the flame of love just as strong as that of passion in her body.
She was more convinced than ever that this lady deserved nothing but the
absolute best that could be given to her. The best service,
the most avid worship, the most dedicated oral pleasure that any mortal person
could possibly provide.

Yes, she really was in love. In love with Mary Gardner. In love with
her passion, her almost demonic dominance. The dive of
passion that struck exactly the right emotional cords in her own searching
soul. Yes, the untamed, all-consuming passion. Created by her own well-trained stimulation. Thats probably the reason
why she had reacted with shudder of desire when her old friend Angela
something had been mentioned when they talked on the phone. Somehow she was
certain that she would represent a firework of dominant desires just as
intensive as Mary. Somehow even the name told her so. Angela. Angela. Synonymous with relentless, even merciless desire for sure.
Despite of its chaste tone! She felt it in every nerve of her body. Especially now as she sagged down powerlessly, resting her cheek on
the edge of the seat as they both slipped down into the sweet aftermath of the
ladys violent eruption. The first  but certainly not
the last  in some wonderful days to come.

-
- -

Welcome, darling!

Thank you miss.
Linda looked bravely back into Angelas blue eyes as she raised her glass to
accept the greeting. Mary had prepared her for the meeting the best she could,
and it really helped to get her self-confidence up for this crucial event.

Im so very delighted to meet you,
finally. Mary has spoken so warmly about you and how good you are! 

Down to the point. Linda felt her cheeks starting blushing,
although she had mobilized all her strength to take this situation calmly and
relaxed. From Marys warnings she had felt well prepared. Still this first
remark brought her completely out of balance before the fight ever got started.

How good you are! Next Mary might
go ahead and put up her hard-earned capabilities on a billboard down at Sandy
Bay Mall! She looked over at Mary, her eyes reflecting a mixture of light embarrassment
and annoyance. She knew she had told her best friend about their relationship,
and she had explained her why she had done so. Still there had to be some kind
of cotyme about how, and exactly what was told. After
all it was quite a personal thing, wasnt it? How much more personal can you
possibly get!

Mary looked back at her with a big smile, almost
completely hiding her own annoyance about her friends careless words. Still
Linda knew her so well she was able to recognize the inconspicuous twinkle in
the corner of her eye. She did agree, undoubtedly, a thing to give her back the
momentarily lost feeling of her being on her side in this face-off.

She roamed through her brain for a sensible
way to respond. How on earth do you react to the innuendos behind these words? Suggestions of things so outrageous that any decent person would
back out in horror? If they wouldnt happen to be an insider in her and
Marys beautiful world of pleasure, that is!

And what an insider she was. Linda had felt
almost lame since the moment she laid her eyes on her! The classical blond
beauty made her body tingle. Not only because of her looks as such. Also from
the fact that she knew she was in on their little secret from Alvarez. And what
all that could mean for the action to come.

Right now she could just admire the ladys
style. She wore a dark blue blazer-like jacket with an even darker blue
knee-long skirt. Underneath she wore a high-cut light blue shirt with an open
white scarf around her neck. Belt, arm rings and handbag matched her shoes with
an undeterminable golden brownish tone that brought an almost magical totality
of taste and style to her entire personality. And then it was her incredible
body. Her tits protruded lusciously under the shirt, and the bottom  although
she got just a short glimpse as she sat down  looked good enough too eat; even
without ketchup! And even the ladys light movement with her hand over it,
stroking the skirt in place as she moved to sit down, revealed a combination of
something that to Linda felt like appetite and strength. Something like that!

Well, my dear girl, Angela smiled,
getting even further down to the business at hand. Mary told med that youre a
passionate lover of female desire, and that you certainly know how to indulge
in it. Is that so?

The girl got even redder, but managed to
fight her strong desire to look down once again. Instead she took a deep breath
and a shaky sip from her glass.

I  I think so I uh  I love it very
much!

From what Ive heard you certainly do.
Angela coughed and threw a quick glance over at Mary before she continued.
Mary told me a lot about it. But still Id like to hear it from your own lips.
I need to understand it fully in order to know if we can get into this
together If youd like to do so, of course! From what Ive been hearing, I
certainly would!

Before Linda could respond, she was
interrupted by Mary.

Linda, uh before we go on, I
think I have a bit of explaining to do! She put a relaxing hand over Lindas
tensed one.

Like I told you, Angela is
like my best girlfriend ever. What happened is that we used to come together
every now and then to sit down and frown over our male colleagues at work.
Theres always some frustration to vent in that area, I can tell you! We used to
get really drunk on some of those occasions, and once I told her about my dream
about sometimes finding a young girl for love and pleasure; something very
different from what we have to deal with in our normal everyday life. Weve
been teasing each other about this regularly ever since, and it was just plain
impossible to keep this to myself after I met you. 

As soon as she learned about
it, she hasnt left me alone for a minute, and she has insisted to meet you!

Mary locked her eyes with
Lindas.

Linda, you know me well
enough to know that I dont run around advertising this to everybody. Angela is
the only one to know, and the only one wholl ever know, I guarantee you!

There was a short moment of
embarrassing silence. Then Angelas joyful laughter broke the ice again.

You really shouldnt feel
annoyed about Mary. Shes just a plain good person. Thats it! Down to the core. She cannot help sharing wonderful
experiences she has on her way. And this experience clearly was too wonderful
to hold back. No problem to see that. She just had to tell somebody. And that
somebody couldnt be anybody but me!

A short,
joyful giggle again. You should be as glad as I am. You know; I get a share in your secret,
and nobody else does! 

Linda felt a little more
relaxed. She had to admit that she was a bit upset about the whole situation,
even though she had had some hints that should have told her this might happen.
She had felt that the relationship with Mary had been so incredibly fulfilling,
and definitely had no need to share it with somebody else. Or to be shared with
somebody else, which was probably a more correct way to put it.

Still, Catherine was an
overwhelmingly elegant and beautiful lady. So if it should be like that; if
thats what her beloved lady really wanted, then she knew she could go with it.
Why not, in fact? Before they met - back when she decided to put out her little
ad - she had just wanted somebody. Somebody to please and
worship. Somebody to be there for, even to live for,
in a way.

And she had probably gotten
even more than she bargained for. At least Mary had been like the visualization
of her deepest passions and desires. A dream come true in a way she had never
even considered the possibility of experiencing.

So  actually  why not have
two wonderful lovers instead of one?

Angela locked her smiling eyes
with the girls as she bent a little forward, straining the upper buttons of
her shirt as she did. So, dear Linda; why not have two lovers instead of one?
She held in just a short moment. I would sooo very much like
to explore your talents!

Linda looked over at Mary. She
could see a mixture of pleading and embarrassment in her eyes, like she really
wanted her to help her out. For a split second she thought she saw a touch of
weakness in those gorgeous eyes, sending a little trickle of frustration down
her spine. Was the whole situation just a result of her lady simply just
talking too much? Plumping out with their precious little secret to anybody? After all?

She looked back at Angela. Met those heaven-blue eyes again. That
spellbinding cleft between the full tits. Explore your talents No
doubt everybody around the table had a clear perception on the name of the
game.

She had to smile after all.
Whether it was this way or that, she knew what would be expected of her. And
that very moment she felt absolutely sure about it too. Definitely.
No matter if the situation just happened to come out of a clumsy remark or not.
How could she come to believe that her mistress was perfect anyway? Of course
she could expect her to say something like this to her best friend. It had
been a truly wonderful experience to her, after all, hadnt it?

The two ladies visually
relaxed and sat back in another, almost childish giggle. Mary realized that
they had been more or less holding their breath for who knows how long, and
they sighed deeply several times; just as much out of sheer lack of oxygen as
from the renewed passion of clarification. 

Oh my dear girls, Angela
sighed excitedly, I think well have some wonderful times together. I just
cant wait for the three of us to get down to Alvarez. Ill start reworking my
schedules first thing in the morning!

Mary put her other hand on
Lindas shoulder and smiled seductively at her. Im sure we will. Lindas
going to have a hard time keeping both of us satisfied all that time!

Angela laughed wholeheartedly.
No chance, dear friend. After all she will have to sleep at night, wont you
darling? She looked at Linda as she took a deep sip of the champagne that they
had but completely forgotten in the dense atmosphere of the conversation. Then
she took a deep breath before she continued.

Honestly young lady, I think Id explode
like a bomb the moment I got your lips on my pussy! Angela laughed warmly as
she lifted a hand to rub the girls tensed shoulder. Youre so incredibly hot,
even much more than what I imagined from Marys description, and what I saw
from your pictures.

She looked over at Mary again. Mary, with
all due respect, you just have to let me have a go right away. Right
away! Linda dear would you be so kind and let me have that one. I have to
admit Im so worked up I cant stand it another minute!

Lindas last grain of resistance
evaporated. Her annoyance had transferred into a heart-pounding excitement that
made her cheeks glow. As the prospect and actual imminence of sex with this
super-hot woman steam-rolled all over her mind, she could hardly sit still on
her chair. Instinctively she started looking around, just as though there would
be a place to hide away right there in the restaurant.

Oh no, I dont think La Campona is the
place, the woman smiled, almost a bit ironically. My flat is just a fifteen
minutes walk away. Id love to invite you both over there. Really! Then a short wave with her hand, shall we?

They walked in silence. The
two elegant ladies, with little Linda between them. Almost
in silence. Every now and then a little remark was passed, but otherwise
the realisation of things to come seemed to have silenced even Angela. Linda glanced
at her regularly to look for traces of nervousness on her face, but all she
could see was this cool, beautiful composure that seemed to be her undisputed
trademark.

Back in her flat - a typical downtown
apartment, tastefully decorated with the same sense of cool confidence and
steadiness that masterfully reflected her personality  Angela opened a new
bottle of champagne and urged her guests to sit down. As they clicked glasses
again, Linda already felt the effect of the pearly fluid in her head, and decided
to take it very easy from now on. No way she wanted to
destroy the glory of this moment by getting too dizzy for her senses to absorb
it all perfectly.

Angela excused herself a bit huskily and
disappeared into the bathroom. As she returned she slumped town onto the
leather couch beside Linda. Without a word she started toying with the girls
fair locks. Then she bent in to whisper a word into her ear. The girl sat
stiffly for a moment. Then she looked over at Mary, collecting the encouraging
little nod she obviously felt she needed to go on.

That was the signal to trigger a rush of
feverish activity. Linda turned and pressed her face and lips into the ladys
neck before she proceeded to kiss her way up across the cheekbone and up to her
lips. At the same time her fingers started working on the buttons of her
blouse, opening the first and then the second as she sealed her lips against
her lovers. Mary watched breathlessly as her friends lacy white bra appeared
with more undone buttons releasing the tension of the strained material of the
shirt.

The kiss seemed endless, and Mary felt a
faint sting of impatience. She had just come to think of the fact that this
would be her first opportunity to see her darling little girl in action from an
entirely different angle. And there was nothing she would want more than to let
her dear friend in need share in on the wonderful experiences she had had
herself with the little wonder girl. 

Angelas tits appeared very full and ripe
in the shadow of the opened shirt, underscoring her overwhelming and daunting
femininity, much more so than she had noticed before in more everyday settings.
Now it kind of exploded into the already dense atmosphere of the room, filling
even Mary with a trickling anticipation that threatened to make her heart burst
in feverish anxiety.

The same feeling obviously soared through
Lindas spine as well. After letting her face slip down to drown into the abyss
of the cleft between the pert hillocks of female ripeness, a shudder ran
through her as she slowly let herself slide off the couch to kiss her way down
over the rounded belly, taking time to let her tongue play daintily in the
glowing hot belly button. The body above languorously slid forward on the seat,
making the leather creek deliciously as it opened its entire self to the
advancement of that marvellously skilled tongue. 

A trembling moan escaped both lovers
simultaneously as the tongue moved further, all the way down to the cold little
buckle. The skirt was tucked all the way up
to Angelas hips, so it was just a small jump to land another wet kiss on the
top of a silky thigh. And yet another small move to crawl in between those
incredibly hot thighs to quest for the dripping prize in there under the
stretched hem.

The woman slid further down on her seat,
lifting her butt in an abrupt movement to get the skirt further up and around
her waist. The whole thing happened so fast Linda hardly had time to react. She
just froze down there on her haunches, staring agape at the shaved pubic mound
that glistened against her. Angela had shed her panties while in the bathroom,
and now the glorious pussy opened with hugely swollen lips, brazenly seeking
her ultimate submission in the shape of a deep and consummating kiss.

The tension lay like a dense fog in the
room, as time seemed to stand still. Angelas hips gyrated inconspicuously as
her impatiens mounted, making the dripping pussy lips rub delightfully against
each other in a spellbinding game that seemed to paralyse the girl even more.

Finally the lady could take it no more, and
reached out with both hands for the girls dark head. With an insistent but
gentle tug, she pulled her down to place the open mouth against her gaping
pussy lips.

please

For a short moment her lips just lay
flaccidly against the juicy opening. But then, as the smell and taste of
overheated female passion invaded her senses, the girl seemed to spring to life
like a Duracell mascot. All of a sudden the lips slid along to seal themselves
over the slick inner pussy lips as the tongue found its way into the pink
depths of ultimate femininity.

Angela gasped as the full length of the
tongue filled her up in a way she had never felt before. Her face stiffened in
a rapturous expression of passion that made Mary smile,
no matter how aroused she was from the heat of the show taking place right in
front of her. Seeing her friend enjoy such immense pleasure
made her heart glow even more. There was nothing like sharing a real
diamond with a real friend.

And there was nothing like sharing the
skills of that diamond as well. As the girl started an intense cadence of
powerful tongue thrusts, she could see the sensations grasp her beloved
girlfriends body almost like an invisible hand, quickly bringing her out of
her usual stance of cool and ironic self control.

And when she started giving encouraging
instructions, Mary could hear the change in her voice as well.

Oh yeah she whispered with a deep sigh,
making her tits rise and fall exquisitely under her tailored shirt. Thats it.
Just keep that up for a little while please.

Linda kept on lapping obediently,
continuing the rhythm, shifting to a different technique of slow, caressive strokes with the flat of her tongue, slipping
wetly between the inner pussy lips and over the base of the ladys clit. Even
though she could sense the womans excitement, she still couldnt feel the
pleasure nodule protruding much from the hide in front of her upper lip. But
she knew it was a matter of just a few well-aimed tongue strokes to change that
profoundly.

Linda had all her senses on spurs as she
worked affectionately on the task of providing pleasure, trying her best to
familiarize herself with the writhes and whims of this new and slinky body. It
was so entirely different but still so similar. Familiar and
strange at the same time. Like a rich nest of warmth and womanhood; a
secret garden of eternally flowering beauty beyond anything any normal senses
could comprehend. It sucked her in, in a way; into its insatiable depths,
craving her passionate caresses like a fish craving
water. Demanding it relentlessly with a drive that threatened
to swallow her whole  skin and all  into the very core of the luxuriant
female being. 

The taste was different. Spicier
in a way. More definite, or whatever she should call it. And the softness of the thighs the tickling from the sweet little
bush around her nose. All those little things that made up the awesome
situation of serving a genuine, demanding lady...

Then the first little ripple ran through
those mighty thighs. Made the belly convulse lightly in front
of her vision. And the full tits wobble as even the entire torso jerked
slightly to the sting of pleasure. Linda could scream from joy! Sing her
happiness and feeling of victory into the bottomless depth of endless pink
under her sweeping tongue. The response spurred her to even greater effort,
driving her into a regular rhythm of thrusts and flicks she knew had such a
devastating effect on her own mistress. Almost unnoticeably the body over her
found the same pattern, falling into a regular cadence that matched the one of
the young worshipper perfectly.

Gradually her effort started paying off.
She felt the unmistaken firmness of the clit button stand out as a rigid little
pearl in the slick softness enfolding her convivially sensing upper lip. The sting of pride almost made her loose her rhythm, and she felt an almost uncontrollable urge to lure
the engorged little organ into her mouth and suck the living daylight out of
it.

She knew that would be way too much though,
and managed to stay with the steady rhythm that would bring on the desired
result in a much more rewarding way for both of them. And even make her beloved
mistress proud of her extended skills in a way that was the highest reward in
itself.

Over the next few minutes she kept up the
same rhythm, increasing it gradually as she felt the womans movement intensify
and herd her low moans get more elaborate as the sensations went in more and
more intense waves throughout her body.

Sticky pussy juice leaked out over her
tongue as she worked it slightly higher to close in on the rock hard base of
the now gently throbbing clit. She felt the tension in those soft thigh
trembling lusciously along her cheeks grow perceptibly in response, clearly
revealing the mounting passion within, until a mighty jerk in the entire
abdomen told her she had found the very heart of her ladys bliss and devoured
it greedily along with the generous quantities of her milky juice.

A squeal of joy escaped her as her limbs
quivered tautly, and for a split second Linda thought she had driven her over
the edge way too early. But then she recognised the conspicuous indolence, the
unmistakable sign of the inherent strength that kept ladies like her in control
of any situation  even a situation like this.

With renewed confidence she picked up on
her solicitous cadence of stimulation, sensing how the silky thigh soon resumed
their delightful trembling along her cheeks, making her heart burst of pride
and joy as she dug deep for the gold of ecstasy.

Oooooohh, Ive just got to admit
it, Angela moaned as she looked over at her friend on the other chair. Shes
incredible just fantastic You thought her really well really well
Resolutely she put her hand down to bare her clit with a pair of elegantly
manicured fingers on each side of the hood.

Please Linda lick me here. Now! I just
cant stand this any longer. Please!

The sudden loss of the very self-control
that she had admired so much about her just a second earlier,
stunned her a bit. Still  as she got grip  she knew it was just another step
on the way to conquering this extraordinary lady for her insatiable hunger,
exactly the same way as she had broken down Mary.

She went for the swollen knob with all her
skills. If thats what she wanted, thats what she was going to get! Gingerly
she let her tongue slide its way into the grooves on each side, and then bury
in under the hood on the top of the clit, baring it all the way to the base in
a series of relentless twirls and flicks. Angelas belly convulsed powerfully
and the pubic bone bounced aimlessly against her nose as the sensations sent
sparks of electricity up the length of her spine. She had had quite some good
head in her time, but this was an entirely different thing beyond anything she
had been even close to before. All of a sudden the numbing trickling got so
intense it almost hurt, and as the heat in her belly turned into a glowing knot
that started radiating from its centre right under the hard working tongue, she
knew she was lost. 

As the girl started caressing the bulging
clitoris with a combination of intense suction and soft tongue swirls she
didnt even last one more minute before the knot exploded in an insane frenzy
flushing through her body like a flood wave. Linda sensed it coming, and
engulfed the entire opening with her hungry lips at the moment the first jet of
milky cum squirted over her tongue. As Angela threw her head back and screamed
out in mindless delirium, several more flushes drenched her mouth, prompting
her to tighten her grip to hang on grimly as the body bounced crazily over the
couch. The thighs slammed in on her cheeks over and over again, adding to the
pain of the sedulous fingers pulling
insensitively in her hair for increased pleasure.

If Marys orgasms had been long and
powerful, this seemed almost endless. The hips continued humping against her
face as the body trembled and shook, and the ladys breathing went in rugged
gasps as she strove to hang on through the mind-bending waves of pleasure. Even
though yet another couple of squirts of slimy juice filled her mouth, this new
lover wasnt secreting nearly as much as her beloved mistress. More like what
her lady had been like in the very beginning. Could it be that her trained
stimulations had caused Mary to develop a much more liquid orgasm? Just from
the intercourses they had been able to enjoy so far? She found it quite hard to
believe, but at the same time there wasnt many more ways to explain the flood
wave of sweet elixir that filled her mouth when she came. 

With another succession of erratic
trashing, Angelas body started coming down, and the shuddering tension
gradually gave way to a limp lethargy that made her arms and legs fall back
like the ones of a lifeless octopus. Even her head fell powerlessly to the
side, and it took a moment for the other two to realise that she had actually
passed out!

Angela Landon, the high-flying executive
had fainted! Believe it or not! Collapsed from the intensity of the ecstasy
brought about by little Lindas tireless efforts to please. Mary could hardly
believe her eyes as the realisation struck. She had almost been there herself
too, but really didnt expect to see this from Angie.

Linda sat back wiping her mouth with the
back of her hand. She looked nervously over at Mary.

Dont worry darling! Mary had to smile
involuntarily. Shell be around in a moment. Take it as a tribute to your
fabulous training!

Linda smiled back and started looking
around for something to clean up with. In the same moment Angelas head nearly
flew up as she woke with a violent jerk.

For once in her life, she now was the one
being the object of the laughter. Her completely confused expression made Mary
almost double up on her chair. Her reaction was so direct  so straight out
blatant - that Linda just stared at her adored mistress. Seeing her react like
this was so strange, like she was suddenly showing off well-hidden sides about
herself. Maybe it was just the way she was when she was properly relaxed with
her friends?

Angelas expression transformed from
confusion to smile. For a split second Linda thought she noticed a shadow of
annoyance in her eyes, but then she was all laughter with her friend.

Phiew, that really was something, she
sighed waving her hand against her neck to indicate her state of exhaustion. I
havent cum like that for years

A drop of milky juice ran down the corner
of Lindas mouth, and she used her hand to quickly dry that one off as well.
The woman had squirted substantially, but still very little compared to the dam
bursting floods that came with Marys violent eruptions.

She had grown so used to Marys body and
her reactions to her various stimulations. So used that they
almost were like one spirit during their lovemaking. With Angela it was
an entirely different thing. But in a good way. In a
wonderful way! It definitely was a challenge rather than a problem. Like conquering new and unknown territory instead of starting all
over again with something completely different. The feeling was so
strong it kind of surprised her  and filled her with even greater joy.

Mary? Angelas voice was dizzy with
satisfaction and exhaustion.

Mmmmmm?

So when are we off to Alvarez?

Three weeks from now. Thatll be a full
blown two week stretch-out, I can tell you!

Mary lifted her head and looked over at her
friend. Will you be able to make it?

Not if the third world war breaks loose.
In all other cases; yes, I will!

&nbsp;














Southern Nights 11 - Under Maracolar




 
  Tantala
  A young girl's submission to an executive lady's needs
   jim
  2
  21779
  2007-03-10T00:43:00Z
  2007-03-10T00:43:00Z
  1
  6132
  34953
  291
  82
  41003
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  0
  0
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Southern Nights 11.  Under Maracolar

tanrayb@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

The noise from
the outboard engines continued ringing noisily in Lindas ears as they suddenly
went down to just a sloshy humming in response to Angelas well-practiced
navigations. They had been on full speed for a little more than an hour,
enjoying the fresh afternoon breeze as the endless surfaces of deep blue from
heaven and sea embraced them and swallowed them into a different world of
unparalleled peace and beauty. Out here there seemed to be no clear boundary
between heaven and ocean; the one floating over into the other in a kind of
magic spell that sang a deep tone somewhere far back in Lindas hopelessly
romantic mind.

And the girl
didnt quite know if it was because of her delightfully depraved heart or not,
but to her romance was thick in the air. Romance in the shape
of two lovely ladies that were going to be her intimate and graceful lovers for
the better part of the evening and night.

Angela sighed
deeply with a content smile all over her beautiful face.

This is
perfect, she exclaimed excitedly as she looked around the horizon. Some two
miles away the rocky cliffs of Maracolar rose towards the sky, hovering almost
threatening over them with its hidden forces of sleeping volcanic ferocity. To
Linda it was almost a bit scary having it so close, even though it was actually
not close at all. Just so much bigger than it looked from the
home base back over the port
 of Alvarez. As usual it had
a majestic cloud hanging like an arch around the craggy top, adding to the
effect of overpowering immensity.

But her attention
was soon drawn back to two other magnificent objects wincing about on the deck.
Her two mistresses had shed their bikinis already right outside the old port
barriers and had used the time to chat lustily and rub each other up with
suntan lotion. Angela had even given little her a good rubdown on the way, and
now they were a golden heap of soft, feminine bodyparts shining
deliciously in the glowing sunshine, quickly fuelling the dull underflow of
passion that had been lolling right under the surface all the way out. Linda
was almost a little surprised she hadnt been called for any kind of service
yet. Not even after they were all rubbed down and hot and stiff-nippled and
more than ready for some serious relaxation. Her body already tingled with
desire as the two women went back and forth around her with swaying tits and
wiggling buttocks, preparing things for a few more hours of lounging and
tanning on the front deck.

She got breathless
and almost felt ashamed of her blatant arousal when Mary climbed the steps up
to the deck with a basket of refreshments, exposing the full glory of her
incredibly broad and inviting behind as she went. The mighty globes wobbled
delightfully with every movement, making the oily reflection sparkle like
raining stars from the peachy skin. And the pussy lips stretched and slipped
elastically against each other in an agile pout that practically screamed for
some docile tongue attention.

The locals say
theres a deep underwater trench down here. Its supposed to be more than 6000
feet just a little bit further out, Mary informed as she prepared a set of
deck chairs around a huge cooling bag filled with refreshments. I felt that
just the knowledge of that adds to the awesome impression of the whole scenery
out here.

It certainly
does, Angela responded with a quick glance over at the rocks. That volcano
looks like it might come alive and eat me skin and all any moment. 

Mary laughed. I
dont think so, my dear. Its been dead for some two or three thousand years or
something.

Im definitely
glad to hear that, Angela responded, pulling a can of beer out of the ice in
the box and raising it towards the mountain with a short cheers.

Imagine being
able to look down into that trench. A house would be just like a small dot down
at the bottom. And its practically right under us

Both ladies
smiled devilish to underscore all sides of the enormity of the nature around
them. Both of them wore heavy sunglasses that added to their almost dour image
of stern, cool maturity.

When they looked
serious for a moment in between their light, humorous chatting, it gave them a
look of almost hostile authority that got Lindas blood boiling crazily from
rampant desire. So much that she had to use all of her self control to stay
calm for things to come. Where was the perception of the weak female gender out
here? Linda felt like in the company of titans! With people holding a strength and authority that made it an unmitigated honour
to serve. An honour and an immense pleasure. More than
anything she could ever imagine. If she would finally be called to do so, that
is.

The one detail
that made her understand that her call was finally imminent was the fact that
Mary was in the process of preparing just two chairs at the upper deck. As
Linda came up behind her with another pile of fresh towels to spread over them,
she was again faced with the full glory of the broad butt as her mistress
flipped out the last seat. She got so close she could even notice a pearly drop
of sweet juice shining seductively on a fat pussy lip. For a moment it hung on
to the delicious flap of seductive flesh, but then it slid down silkily,
stretched, and fell soundlessly onto the white deck. Linda felt an instinctive
urge to dive down to catch it on her tongue, and got so distracted she almost
dropped her pile of towels.

She was brought
back again by Angelas laughter. The woman had turned to get some towels for
her chair, and had captured the youngster staring completely hypnotized in
between her friends mighty buttock.

I think youre
just about ready to enjoy some real hot pussy, my dear, she smiled, grabbing a
few of the towels from the girls arms. From the look in your eyes, I think we
better get ready pretty right away. Remember your mistress hasnt had her
well-deserved pleasure for almost tree weeks!

Linda shuddered
as the meaning of the words sank into her sex-blurred mind. It was time. Finally!
After all this agonizing waiting. Time
to enjoy the fruits of her hard-endured patience.

And it was true
what Angela had said. They hadnt been together for real since the wonderful
evening back home where she met Angela at the down town restaurant.

Mary had had to
go on a long business trip for her company, and Angela had been smart enough 
although it took a lot of self-discipline  to stay away until the day they had
agreed to travel south. She had been quite busy on her own hand too, by the
way. Just squeezing a fourteen-days leave into her busy schedule was something
that cost her a lot of her energy and stubbornness 
and even some of her hard-earned goodwill. So she was not going to waste it all
by doing some stupid moves before it was all cleared by her best and dearest
friend in need. 

Pleasure would
come to those capable of waiting for the goodies. And this was no Cinderella-
kind of waiting. Definitely not! The reward was imminent, and it was
granted; just a matter of surviving through some few, endless days of sweet
agony before they got there.

And when they
finally came together to enter the plane that would take them to the
long-awaited bliss of those warm and wonderful southern nights, there was a
kind of unspoken consensus that they would try to refrain from all intimacy
until time and conditions were perfect for a real deep and heavy dive into the
divine world of passionate oral action. All to make it a sexual bliss beyond
anything they could possibly imagine.

Mary never told
her that she had rented the huge, white cruiser until after they arrived. They
just got time to get to the hotel to unpack, shower and change before they went
straight for the harbour. And still there were several hours of afternoon sun
and heat to go as they cruised out into the vast, blue openness right outside
the old port.

Now they were so
far out even the recognizable profile of the ancient fortress could hardly be
seen through the blue mist over the horizon.

As Mary finished
arranging everything with the two chairs, she let herself slump heavily into
the free one with a deep sigh. She sent a lazy smile over to Angela before she
turned her attention to Linda. Her dark sunglasses left the girl without any
eye contact as she got aware of the sudden focus on her.

Linda dear,
theres still a bottle of champagne in the ice box under deck. Would you be a
darling and go get it for us, please?

Of
course, Mary! Linda jumped to obey before the sentence was even
complete. She needed just a minute or so to find the right box. When she came
up, she stopped abruptly, and just couldnt help staring in awe.

The two ladies
had lowered the backs of their chairs, and were now lying almost fully
stretched. It was a sight so alluring Linda felt her hand trembling and the
pulse hammering in her neck. When she moved forward it was almost like in
trance, putting the bottle into the ice bath with a completely shaky hand. Then
 before she even knew what she was doing  she fell to her knees in front of
them. 

For a moment she
felt this gnawing uncertain. What was expected of her now? She wasnt supposed
to take any initiative herself or was she? A surge of
something near desperation shot through her chest as she let her hungry eyes
wander back and forth between the two golden bodies. Through the thick
sunglasses she could feel their stare, and for a split second she felt an urge
to jump to her feet and just run off. But she knew that was actually the last
thing in the world she wanted to do right now!

Luckily a soft
murmur from her beloved mistress brought things back in order.

Linda dear, I
think Im ready for some loving attention quite ready, actually.

The two ladies
looked at each other and giggled - almost like teenagers. Then Mary spread her
gracious limbs to put her thighs up against the armrests, opening her wonderful
body to the youngsters glowing eyes.

You remember we
decided to wait until everything was nice and perfectly ready, so we could
relax and just enjoy our time together fully and without any disturbances
whatsoever? Well I think everything is about nice and perfectly ready. Are you
ready my dear?

Yes, Mary. Yes
Im ready! The girls voice was light as a birds song as she moved forward to
crawl in between the welcoming legs.

Angela, do you
mind waiting a little longer yet? Me and Linda have
got some things to pick up on thats been long overdue. Very long

Angela smiled
even broader as she raised a hand in a welcoming gesture. 

Be my guest,
dear friend. Linda is after all your pride and work. And you deserve every
minute of it!

Thank you, my
dearest, she sighed as she raised her hips lightly to meet the long
anticipated contact with the incredible mouth.

Linda tried to
maintain some kind of patience as she let her head move slowly forward to get
to her reward. As the hips kept undulating lightly in feverish anticipation,
she noticed how extremely most and swollen the outer pussy lips were. The
entire body of her beloved mistress was so set for sexual stimulation that it
practically overflowed with love juices!

Mary jumped
lightly at the first touch of gentle fingertips to her skin. And as she felt
the soft cheek brush its way up along her right thigh, she groaned almost
gutturally, trigging another light giggle from the lady on the other chair.

Linda noticed it
only vaguely as she felt her senses being overwhelmed by the wonderful smell of
her mistress excitement. A moment later her lips reached their target, and she
started planting small, adorable kisses over the full length of the swollen
slit. Even before the lips had opened, juices of passions seeped out between
them to moisten her lips and cheeks as she continued to show her unconditional
worship and adoration. Then she gently opened her mouth and let the tongue work
its way in between.

It was almost
like a dam bursting, and she had to press her mouth over the opening to catch
the flood as the juicy lips slipped apart around her invading tongue. She
managed to keep her seal tight even though her mistress pubic bone jerked
abruptly upwards at the first sense of real contact with the adoring mouth.

Oooooh Linda
dear beautiful little girl Ohhhhhh its been so long soooo long

Linda put her
arms in a persistent grip around the trembling thighs, and pulled her mistress
firmly against her as she set to work on the pulsing slit. She let her tongue
slip teasingly through the soaking wetness of the full length of the slit,
sensing and hearing how the treatment brought her beloved mistress into a
shuddering rapture almost before they got started.

This was a heat
and passion so intense they both knew the lady wouldnt last more than just a
few minutes. Angela definitely wouldnt have to wait long to get her share of
pleasure as the afternoon would turn into evening.

Linda tried to
avoid even getting near the ladys clit for the time being. She settled with a
slow, rhythmical slide up and down, from the opening into the shuddering vagina
and all the way up to the urethra as the pussy got more and more agitated
against her face. Her ladys body switched between trembling stiffly, and
twitching erratically against her face as they started the climb up to an
ecstasy Linda sensed would be the most intense they had ever experienced
together. Even superseding the one they had as she had delivered her first
perfectly trained service back in the hotel during their first stay.

Even though she
had been hiding it well, Mary had felt a slight embarrassment in front
of her friend during the day. Not because of her nakedness of course, that was
something they had got quite used to. But because of this; the blatant
arousal she knew she was going to display the very moment Linda would show her
talented tongue up her pussy.

One thing was to
enjoy it all in the privacy of her own flat, with only
the two of them there. Having and audience  even when it was her very best
friend  sitting ringside and watching every detail, was something entirely
different. But she knew she would handle it reasonably well after all. Angela
was in the same situation, and there wasnt even the slightest sign of any kind
of embarrassment on her part. That again was perfectly in line with her
personality, obviously, so she hardly had any reason to be surprised. But it
just underscored the fact of the matter, the way she saw it. Why should she be
embarrassed when Angie wouldnt be? When was she ever going to get over this silly childish ideas that kept haunting her far into
her mature years?

A faint feeling
of stubborn anger was totally subdued by a violent surge of shuddering passion
as the tongue moved up close to the base of her clit and started flicking rhythmically
back and forth in a way that made her body almost numb. The hormones raced
through her veins with such ferocity it made her feel all weak and almost
helpless. Her body trickled and twitched in ways that were almost a bit
frightening in the way they made her feel out of control, and she had to grasp
onto the bobbing head with both hands in order to get some kind of control of
the situation. Still she knew that there was no way she could prolong this for
any reasonable amount of time, the way she was now.

Oh, dear Linda
please just make me cum right away, will you? I cant
stand this much longer right now, and besides Angie is waiting for her turn
oooohhhhhhh!!

Linda took her by
the word and let her tongue tip twirl around the excited clit nub in a swift
and firm swerve. Actually she had been hoping that her mistress would be in for
a quickie after all. She was very curious about the taste of Angela, and she
knew there would be plenty of opportunities to enjoy the rich body of her
beloved mistress on numerous occasions during the course of the evening.

The pubic bone
started bouncing frantically against her nose, while the oil-glistening belly
convulsed and shuddered in front of her heated vision. The delicious tits
jumped in rhythm with her abdomen, wobbling wildly until the body suddenly
stiffened and Mary squeezed her head back as the ecstasy hit her.

The juddering
thighs smashed in around Lindas head and the persistent grasp on her head
transformed into a merciless tear in her brown hair as an overwhelming quantity
of pussy juice flooded her mouth. The insane yell of ecstasy made Angela raise
an arm in an instinctive move of self-protection as she followed the unfolding
scene with a wildly mounting itch in her own groin.

Linda did her
best to gulp down the gush of liquid as it flowed at her, but this time she
stood no chance, no matter how well and enduring their training had ever been.
All of a sudden she choked, and the next moment a jet of sticky, white cream
shot out of her nose. Immediately tears filled her eyes, and the coughing
reflexes made her sputter strands of pussy juice up along Marys belly. The
outburst came in the middle of Marys orgasm, and her pussy continued its
aimless bouncing against her lips as another couple of squirts splattered over
the girls face. The woman groaned almost like in pain as the contact was
broken, and instinctively increased the pull in the stained hair to get the
mouth back in position.

Then she seemed
to realize what kind of trouble her lover had, and she let go as she mobilized
all her strength to tolerate the lack of stimulation throughout the last sweet
shocks of her waning orgasm. Another lamenting groan escaped her as she
practically forced her uneasy hips down on to the bench to get calmed down a bit.

Angela
burst out laughing. Well well; that wasnt very convincing, I must say. She
used her fingertips to wipe tears of laughter from her eyes. I thought you
said youve been training, didnt you?

Mary
almost completely overheard her friends remarks, taking off her sunglasses and
working herself up in a sitting position as she watched her little worshipper
with concern written all over her face.

Linda Im sorry. I  I didnt uh it must be this long time uh

Linda had found a
towel, and buried her face in it as she continued coughing and gurgling in
order to finally get some air. It took her some seconds to regain control, and
then some more to stop her running tears before she could put it down and face
her wonderful mistress with a meek, but brave smile.

Sorry about that
Mary she gasped, putting a hand on her lovers knee to indicate to her to
relax.

Mary was on her
way out of her chair to help pat her back or something, and only hesitantly sat
back down again.

You sure youre
okay? Should I get you something to drink? Mary was still not convinced that
the girl was completely well, and continued watching her with a motherly warmth in her eyes.

Of course shes
fine. Angela had stopped laughing and watched the two lovers with an amused
smile. Pussy juice never killed anybody, and you gave her quite a load, I can
tell!

With some more
gasps to fully regain her breath, Linda came around to plunge into her role of
devoted servant once again. Oh Mary, Im so terribly sorry, she exclaimed as
she folded the towel and started rubbing the sticky strands of cum off her
mistress belly. Mary made an instinctive move to interfere, but then she
stopped and let herself sink back again, trying to concentrate on enjoying the
sensation of being cleaned up.

I hope I didnt
destroy your pleasure entirely, the girl sighed, a thick lump building in her
throat as she let the towel slide caressingly over the perfectly rounded belly.
Was it any good for you at all?

Mary put up her
most reassuring smile as she saw the girls lower lip tremble on the verge of
crying. Oh yes, Linda! Just relax. Rest assure it was a cum
well worth all the waiting weve been through, I can tell you. I loved it, and
as usual your tremendous efforts made me feel like the queen of queens, just
the way youre so incredibly good at!

The girl sat back
on her haunches with a reassured sigh. They just looked at each other for a
moment without saying a word, only exchanging those invisible signals of love
and compassion that tied them so closely together as
lovers. All until a soft voice drifted through to them from the other chair.

I hate to
interrupt you dears, Angela commented jokingly, trying her best to play the
insulted and overseen one as she took a sip from her drink, but I have to
remind you that Ill die in less than a minute from now if I have to stay like
this any longer. Mary is not the only one in need of some loving care you
know

The two women
came around, and Linda threw a short gaze over at her lady to seek a final
approval, although she knew the answer already.

Off you go then,
dear Mary smiled reassuringly, giving the young behind a friendly slap as the
girl got to her feet and turned. But dont forget Ill be
needing you again shortly!

Of course Mary,
the girl smiled back over her shoulder as she crouched down at the other chair.

Angela was
already getting prepared, lifting her legs up towards the armrests and
spreading all of her glorious self to the girls view. A moment later they both
squealed with joy as they connected in the beautiful and unadulterated act of
eternal female love.

Ooohhhdo it
well, my darling girl, just the way you did it last time the last, wonderful
time

From Marys
position she could see the girls naked butt wiggle in frenzy between the
widely spread legs as she buried her face in deep to really get to the ladys
sensitive spots, her entire body living with her in the adamant effort to
provide unparalleled pleasure.

She watched them
in silence for a little while as warm thoughts of relaxed realisation drifted
over her mind. It was also much clearer to her now, that thing she had sensed
already the last days of their previous stay down her. The
fact that her needs had mounted so drastically. If she would let their
way of lovemaking continue like it did, she would grow completely dependent on
the youngsters devoted service - to such an extent that she would probably
never be able to even contemplate living without it on a daily basis.

She watched
breathlessly as the youngsters jaws toiled on in a rhythmic movement,
assisting the tireless tongue as it did its stupendous tricks deep inside
Angelas pulsing pussy. Every now and then the executives belly convulsed
lightly or a thigh contracted spastically. Lindas lips were glued like a high-pressure
seal over the womans opening, devouring her source of pleasure with a
predator-like hunger that made her squirm about on her chair under the
intensity of the stimulation.

Oooooh yeah,
Angela murmured with her deep, sexy voice as the sensations made her hormones
dance flat tango throughout her system. Youre doing great baby, juuuust
great

Squirming
indolently on her chair she put a hand on the girls head to adjust her
stimulation efforts to an even better spot, moaning deeply as the tongue found
its intricate way.

Yeah, right
there riiiight there, baby just keep it steady. Oooohhh

Angela was a much
more extrovert personality than her friend, also in the way of expressing her
enjoyment and pleasure. Her murmuring was just as much to herself as to the
girl, a kind of substantiation of the heavenly sensations generated from the
different tongue techniques expertly applied for her increased pleasure.

Just go exactly
like that exactly on that spot Oooooohhhhh and I Ill be cumming in your
mouth in a moment ooooohhh in just a moment

To Mary it seemed
she slipped gradually into a world of her own, getting more and more oblivious
to her surroundings. Her eyes got a look of hazy dizziness, still with a touch
of some animal-like rapture about them, and her whole feature seemed to
transform into one of a prowling cat hunting for the ultimate target. It was a
transformation so striking and mesmerizing Mary could hardly believe her eyes,
although all of it was probably just her imagination. But as the ladys
breathing got heavier, and her hips started squirming more and more intensely
over the chair, the perception was even stronger, although it was somewhat
dampened by the soft whispering of passion that kept urging her lover on to
even higher efforts.

Oh Linda Im
gonna cum Im gonna cum in a moment

Sweat had broken
out all over the writhing bodies, mixing with the oily lotion to make their
skin almost glisten and sparkle the reflections of the intense sunshine around
them as Angela worked herself towards the peak. 

Oooooh
Yesssss!

As her body
started tightening and shuddering, she grasped the girls head with zealous
hands to press the hard working mouth hard against her leaking opening. As the
girl open wide to engulf all of her pussy with her hungry lips, there was a
sharp shriek of pleasure as the orgasm hit with relentless force, making the
body tighten and lift in a bow on the chair.

The audible
testimony of her pupils priceless skills made Mary lean instinctively back in
her chair, seriously worrying that they might awaken the sleeping volcano
towering grimly in the background. The chair got a workout so strenuously it
barely held together as the glistening bodies trashed all over it in the throw
of blind ecstasy. Mary had had some mind-buggering orgasms herself, but her
friends spastic delirium seemed to be way beyond anything she had even been
close to. Still Linda hung on relentlessly, keeping her violently flickering
tongue in perfect position to draw every last quark of orgasmic power from the
bucking body as it started its slow decent into a state of deep and exhausted
afterglow.

Linda licked her
down with practiced ease, senseless joy written all over her face as she
literarily drank down the fruits of her stupendous work with her still deeply
buried mouth.

For a long while
afterwards nothing could be heard but the heavy breathing of three happy women.
Three women having had their first fulfilment of the day
after a long and agonizing wait.

Ooooh I just
cant stand this heat Angela suddenly jumped to her feet, and before her
friends even knew what was happening, she threw off her sunglasses and dove
over the rail in a gracious arch, splashing into the water with perfectly
aligned and straight legs like the most experienced competitive diver.

The two others
had worked themselves up in surprise, and stood motionless for a moment,
looking at each other with mouths agape. Then they smiled and turned towards
the rail too. As Angelas head emerged from the foamy green of her splash, the
two lovers jumped in at each side of her.

Aaaaah that was
extremely refreshing, Angela sighed as she bumped back down onto her deck
chair with the towel over her shoulder. She used another one to brusquely dry
her hair as she turned to face the tanning rays of the glowing sun.

Im afraid all
of this just served to increase my appetite for some more tender care, she
smiled, looking over at Mary. Do you mind if I borrow your little lover again,
darling?

Not at all,
dear, her friend smiled back naughtily. She just came up with another pile of
towels, covering the floor between the deck chairs to form a warm and dry
playground for their planned activities. 

Linda
dear, why dont you get over and pleasure Angela as I finish this? Mary asked coyly,
putting her sunglasses back on her nose. Linda responded immediately, dropped
the other pile of towels and proceeded to crawl towards her second mistress,
who eagerly parted her legs.

In a few moments
they were deeply involved in another heated coupling, sighing and groaning as
the burning passion once again got the better of them.

Linda used her
tongue with vigorous force, sensing Angelas ardency, and eagerly complying
with all her whims and sighs to maximise her pleasure.

It didnt take
long until she had her hands digging into her hair and guiding her bobbing head
with almost brutal urgency. At first it was a bit difficult to follow, but then
Linda found it much easier to be guided so persistently in her pleasuring
efforts. The right spots were easily identified by the tightening grip in her
hair or an increased shuddering in the thighs locked around her head. And as
soon as she found them, she used all her skills to excel in her stimulation in
order to drive her mistress towards another ultimate peak of pleasure.

Suddenly she was
pulled away by a brutal tug in her hair.

Linda lay down
on your back quickly, the woman gasped as she struggled to get out of the
comfortable chair. I want to sit on your face. Hurry!

The pain had
brought tears to her eyes, but Linda practically fell backwards until she was
lying flat out in a pile of soft towels between the chairs. Before she even got
around to wipe her eyes, Angela was squatting over
her, sinking her dripping pussy down onto her face. Through blurred eyelashes
Linda could see her face in a grimace of ardent desire between her wobbling
tits above as the broad crotch came down on her.

Come on,
darling, she urged. Use your tongue. I want to come this way Ive been
dreaming of it all my life. To cum in your mouth, like this.
Do it she hissed more than talked as she lowered herself down onto Lindas
waiting mouth, sighing deeply and blissfully as the youngster glued her lips to
her and started a fierce tonguing.

The intensity of
their lovemaking quickly escalated out of control, and soon the lady bore her
cunny down on the hard working mouth with relentless ferocity. Her knees sagged
out wide, putting almost all the weight on the upturned face as she started
trembling and shuddering to the intensity of the tireless stimulation. Linda
held a firm grip over the bucking hips as she played out all her register of
skills while carefully watching the jerks and convulsions in the rounded belly
through the ruffled pubic bush mercilessly grinded down over her nose. From the
other deck chair Mary breathlessly watched the broad butt of her friend gyrate
over the young head, the juddering globes all but engulfing the hard working
jaws as the girl strove to hang on with her pleasuring efforts. She could feel
the itch in her own groin again, as though she had never had the almost
all-consuming orgasm just a few minutes ago. The urgency of her friends
passion was more than enough to once again fuel her own libido to fever pitch
in no tome at all.

As Glorias
movements grew ever more erratic, Linda seemed to be torn along with her into
the wild madness of uninhibited sexual rage. The girls hands went from
gripping the bucking hips hard in order to press the slippery pussy down on her
mouth, to stimulating her own itching pussy, and then again up to caress the
gold-tanned waist and thighs above, all as her legs sprawled and kicked
restlessly in sheer submissive euphoria. At times it almost looked like she
panicked and struggled to get some air as Glorias weight continued grinding
down on her mouth, but then again her hands came up to her mistress hips to
help squeeze her even harder down to maximise their fuming rapture far beyond
the boundaries of sanity.

More and more the
hard working jaws squeezed into the depths of the mighty crack between the
wildly flexing buttocks until Gloria suddenly threw hear head back and screamed
wildly as another explosion made her stiffen like a log. Mary could see the
muscles along her back tighten as ropes before they were covered by the flying
mane.

All weight came
down on the youngsters face with crushing force, and Linda tried to meet it by
pressing her tongue as far as she could up into the spastic love tunnel. She
could felt the orgasmic cramps milk it in shuddering pulses as a copious amount
of pussy juice flowed along and down into her eagerly waiting mouth. As the
grinding got so rough her entire skull started hurting, she mobilised all her
strength to squeeze her head upwards to launce a final, violent attach on the
pulsing clit with fierce tongue lashes. The belly bulging out in front of her
vision convulsed in violent contractions and another ecstatic howl
substantiated the raging success of her superhuman efforts.

As the violent
eruption finally subsided, Gloria slipped powerlessly over to the side until
she lay straight out on the towel-covered floor gasping possibly even harder
for breath than the youngster who had served her with such total and
unmitigated abandon. Linda remained on her back, arms straight out, lying
almost like dead, with a euphoric expression on her smeared-up face.

Gloria was the
first to lift her head and look over at the heaving girl.

Phhiew, that was some ride. Did you enjoy it as much as I
did?

For a moment the
girl lay like lame. Then she smiled and nodded with such gusto that Mary felt a
flush of relief warm her cheeks. After Gloria blew her load, she had seriously
feared that the crazed ride had been too much even for this seemingly
unbreakable little slave doll of hers.

Do you think
youre up to handling your own mistress? I think shes more than ready for your
services, Gloria smiled, glancing coyly over at her friend. Mary suddenly
discovered one hand having found its way between her legs to gently stimulate
her itching twat, and instinctively removed it as the attention was turner her
way. The sudden lack of stimulation was like a sting of furious sexual craving
in her body, and she knew she had to have another cum just as intense and
ravaging as that of her friend in need.

As she tried to
find out which way she would want it, she was interrupted by Lindas angel
voice, still a bit hoarse from her heavy breathing.

Mary please come she almost pleaded as she remained on her back with
her arms stretched out to welcome her. That was enough to still her every doubt
and she got out of her chair and knee-walked with swaying breasts over to her
young lover.

As she lifted her
leg to straddle the dark head the same way Gloria had done, her friend reached
out to stop her by a gentle tug on her arm.

Why dont you
try it the other way around? It would be really exciting to see that.

Mary needed a
second to understand what she meant, and when it sank it, so did the tongue of
her young lover, masterfully slipping its very wet ways up to her bulging clit
to make love to it with a few well-aimed lashes. This made it almost impossible
to stop, and it was only her friends renewed request that made her strong
enough to comply.

Linda uh is it
okay with you? she stuttered, lifting herself off the ardent tongue with a
strained groan.

Mmmmm yes yes,
Mary please The answer was thick with the sticky
pussy cream already coating her tongue.

See? her friend
gleed, make a real great show for me. Shell love it!

Mary tumbled
around on trembling knees, trying her best not to nock her young lover
senseless in the process. Finally in position, she somewhat apprehensively
lowered herself towards the waiting mouth, only giving herself over as she felt
the girls arms pulling her impatiently downwards with a persistent grip by the
hips. 

With an
mmmpppph the air was driven away from between them and the full length of
juicy slit was plastered all over the girls mouth. Mary made an instinctive
move to lift herself in order to relieve her sweet lover from the weight, only
to be held back even more ardently by the girls grasping hands.

Then the tongue
came snaking wetly in between the dripping folds of her inner labia, crushing
all her barriers of self-control in a new rush of animal-like lust. As the
twirling tip started stabbing gently around the clitoral shaft, she had to
fight a monstrous urge to press herself with all her weight down on it.

Oooohhhh Linda
I  I she whimpered as shudders of sheer joy ran through her body and made
her nipples painfully stiff.

The girls face
was completely engulfed by the deep cleft between her juicy buttocks, and her
nose pressed firmly against the tight anal ring. As Linda felt the need to draw
her breath, she pushed her head backwards, taking the delightful weight on her
cheek and tongue, thus freeing her nose enough to fill her lungs before she
dove in again. Her skilful stimulation made it a self-reproving exercise
though, with the broad bottom pressing harder and harder down on the sweet face
as she did her magic.

Marys body
started trembling lightly as new rushes of almost perverse passion hit her like
the wicked lashes of a stinging whip. As the girls tongue worked ferociously
on her clit and vaginal entrance, she felt her entire abdomen get weak and
flaccid, like it was melting off her body and onto the face on which it was
resting so heavily. The nipples of her wildly juddering tits got so stiff they
ached, and true to her new feeling of evil domination, she grabbed the girls
hands from her hips and firmly put them to work on her tits. The fingers
immediately sprang to action, sending another almost numbing spark of
electricity down her spine, causing a cramp-like spasm in the pussy all but
engulfing the beautiful face.

The ride got so
intense even Angela started worrying that the girl would enjoy the sweetest of
suffocations under the trembling buttocks of her dearest friend in need. So far
Mary seemed to have been able to sport at least some kind of self control, but now she clearly lost
her last inhibitions as a she started building for another titanic orgasm.

It became
increasingly difficult to breath under the literarily heavy assault of mindless
passion, but Linda went for it with a vigour possibly even stronger than that
of her lover, more determined than ever to see it through to the last drop of
orgiastic tremor. She kept up a rhythmic sweeping of the clitoral shaft and the
urethra, as far as she could reach it in this new and strange position, feeling
her ladys excitement grow as the stimulation took inevitable effect.

Mary went through
a long bout of wiggling back and forth, rubbing her slit mercilessly against
the hard working mouth. Then, to Angelas surprise, the motion gently relaxed
and faded town to just a light bucking at the hip as her body tensed up more
and more. Then she started shaking violently. Harder and harder it got, her
back crouching and her teeth gritting as a melting glow grew and then exploded
in a raging fire.

Suddenly she
threw her head back and yelled out, her hair flowing in an elegant arch from
her face over to her back as she surrendered to the untamed powers of nature. A
violent squirt of pussy juice flooded the girls tonsils as she received the
well-earned reward for her unparalleled efforts.

The flexing
buttocks threatened to crush the dark head under their weight as the orgasm
continued sending its glowing flashes of lighting throughout the trashing body.
She humped the dark head with such mindless brutality that Linda was sure her
skull would crush, and she used all her strength to meet the assault with a
hard upward push that met the heavy hips with equal rage.

Squirt after
squirt hit her tongue as the wild woman rode through the last stages of her
violent outburst, and Linda was amazed how much delightful liquid she could
feed her. She managed to gulp it down without coughing, and even found the
strength and self control to rub her lip and nose over the clitoral groove to
get the last tremors of ecstasy out of the magnificent explosion.

Finally Mary fell
over to the side, limp as a ragged doll, totally drained of all her essences of
life. She wanted to laugh in astonishment, but didnt have the breath to do so.
Instead she rolled over on her back and let her lungs work freely to get her
war-torn body back in control.

Linda remained on
her back, lying like hypnotized, with perfect ecstasy written all over her
face. Her eyes were dim and a thick strand of milky cum seeped from the corner
of her mouth and down her glistening cheek. Once again Mary got worried about
the condition of her little pet, reaching over to check on her with a shaky
hand.

Linda dear, talk
to me. Are you okay?

The girl seemed
to surface from a long, dream-like flow through an ocean of blissful joy. 

Mary she
responded with a firm and self-confident voice that almost surprised her
affected partner, remember I told you that I wanted to try everything.
Absolutely everything. She used the back of her hand to wipe her mouth of some
of the running pussy juices as her eyes again grew dim and faced the blue sky.
You have no idea what a fantastic experience this is to me. Im having the
best time of my life. Her eyes almost overflowed from emotions once again.
The best time in my life! I never thought I could experience such joy as right
now with you and Angela. Never. She looked straight into her eyes as
she repeated with gusto.

Mary smiled and
shook her head in amazement - almost disbelieve  over her pets
openheartedness, immediately accompanied by that typical light titter over from
Angelas side.

Linda boldly turned
her head and repeated Really never, a new kind of confidence shining out of
her dim-witted eyes.

&nbsp;

To be continued

&nbsp;













Southern Nights 12. &#8211; Over the trench.
tanrayb@hotmail.com

The crystal clear water was so warm it hardly served to cool down the three passion-driven bodies at all. Not even now as the most intense heat was over.
Now, once the sun had passed it's apex and started a downward journey, it didn&#8217;t give the same feeling of being roasted alive as they once again sat down on the upper deck to dry the salty water out of their hair.
The sun had now approached the horizon and started painting the vast deep blue scenery in the west in a magnificent myriad of red. Soon every reddish nuance played up all over the skyline as the gloomy profile of Maracolar got darker and turned up its most hostile contour of contained geological rage, seemingly determined to finally scare off the minuscule intruders that so shamelessly trespassed its timeless proximity.
After a while the rental company called them on the radio, and Mary was on to reassure them and make sure to follow their direction on switching on the appropriate lanterns for the upcoming darkness. A little later she even switched on the sonar and called the two others down to have a look.
See, we&#8217;re just drifting out over the trench, she told them excitedly, pointing at the green line down at the corner of the screen. You can just see the edge down here as it slips out of range.
Linda wasn&#8217;t afraid in any way, but the feeling of awe kept creeping in on her as the sound of a sharp gasping sound from the sea right outside made her jump. Mary smiled at her inexperienced reaction. Dolphins, she stated flatly as she started ushering her two companions out and back up onto the top deck. If we&#8217;re lucky they will start singing for us in a little while.
The light breeze that had cooled them a bit during the afternoon had died down to nothing and left everything completely quiet. The ocean was like a mirror, and the only sound to be heard was the chuckling ripples of water along the boat side every now and then.
Under the slowly swaying light of the lantern Linda went on to bring up another huge pile of towels, making the deck between the chairs a love-nest of itself for the evening&#8217;s passionate activities. 
Soon the dusk with its waning artwork of sunset reds had tuned into complete darkness, and to Linda the atmosphere got much more intimate in some peculiar way. Probably from the fact that the vastness around them had been reduced to little more than the illuminated part of the upper deck right under the lanterns. Even the threatening profile of the volcano vanished into the depth of darkness as the outside world faded away and left the three of them floating alone in the very center of it. Soon the dolphins started their low, lamenting song, like lonely sirens lost somewhere far out in the night, making the experience of nearness to nature almost tangible in its mighty prominence. Linda thought they sounded like a choir of lost mistresses pleading to join them in their peaceful quest for ultimate pleasure. 
Life was perfect.
I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;ve felt so romantic in years, Angela smiled as she raised her glass to click it with her two companions. It&#8217;s like an overdose both of sexual pleasure and awe-striking nature, she added with her short, girlish giggle. Who could believe it could be so awesome all of it.
Mary smiled back and nodded as she sighed deeply in her almost dizzying state of gratifying contentment. Awesome is the word, that&#8217;s for sure. I can feel the vastness around us as a kind of deep tone, a kind of humming deep in my soul striking a low cord somewhere deep within She had to smile at her own philosophical elaboration, thinking she should have topped it with some dry remark from her other &#8211; and very distant - world of statistics.
Every now and then there was a click or some other sound coming from the radio down under. But they were left alone and undisturbed, as they had asked. Only the three of them, together there under the warm light, getting closer than ever before, on all emotional levels.
Sitting on the pile of towels between the two deck chairs, Linda felt a new glow of consolation and confidence fill her heart. Maybe it was the champagne, but the desire to play her role out to perfect completion made her entire body tingle with a kind of drowsy excitement. Somehow the darkness and intimacy of the imaginary confinement of light made her bolder than she would ever thought she could be.
Ma&#8217;m, she cooed coyly, putting her hand on her mistress&#8217; knee. Is there any way I could be of assistance to you? Anything at all? I think maybe you could use some loving attention from a humble slave longing to worship
Immediately Mary&#8217;s thighs slipped apart, revealing a pink, swollen cleft still slightly reddish after its last outburst of mind-bending ecstasy.
Oh yes, my darling. Go on. Serve me. Make it good for me. That&#8217;s what you&#8217;re for Mary&#8217;s voice was deep and soft &#8211; almost raspy - with a mixture of teasing sensuality and blatant passion to it.
That&#8217;s my only purpose in life, ma&#8217;am. My only desire. I belong to you!
They both smiled at the palpable expression of eternal love and devotion, yet somehow they knew that it was all very real. About as real as it could get. In its own way. Their own special way. This was what they both wanted more than anything in their life, and there were only the obstacles of reality that could change that. Obstacles that possibly could be overcome one way or the other?
Oh yes, mammmmmmm The hungry lips found their target and tongue followed between lips to slip into its predetermined place in the groove directly at the left side of the lust-ripening clit.
Mary was sated but not completely exhausted. Still she needed some time to overcome the slight feeling of soreness that damped the onslaught of new emotions in the beginning. But then it gradually faded away, and passion flooded throughout her system as ever before as that wonderful mouth did its well-trained tricks.
The girl seemed to sense her prevalent need for rhythm and predictability though, and she started a very slow and patient massage of the clitoral area that inevitably drove her lady very slowly towards another peak. As Mary felt it coming she focused on relaxing every muscle of her body, and just let everything flow according to its own spine-shuddering and muscle-flexing pace. She was almost amazed as the ultimate moment came and her hips wiggled vigorously against the dark head completely by their own drive for ultimate pleasure. That made the intensity of it so overwhelming she had to shriek uncontrollably as she exploded inside out into the warm mouth, wetting the enthusiastic tongue with another generous squirt of lady juice as the ecstasy flowed through her. She really thought she should have learned to control her vocal outputs during her orgasm by now, but she realised that with this sensational girl it would grow increasingly difficult as the little darling continued finding new ways to intensify her pleasure. And what the hell did it matter far out here? Nobody could hear them except the dolphins that kept prying along every now and then, and they had a song of their own!
It took a long time of devoted letdown nursing before Linda finally lifted her mouth from the happily swollen pussy to meet Angela&#8217;s eyes over at the other chair. Mary groaned just semi-consciously as the contact of love was broken, and the girl could sense her strive not to fall asleep right on after her gut-draining eruption.
Linda gently put her mistress&#8217; legs down and covered her entire crotch area with soft, still sun-warmed towels before she turned her attention to the patiently waiting lady beside her. There still was this delightful task to attend to, and she went down into a low crawl, attempting an imitation of a big cat &#8211; even purring and daintily licking her lips - as she moved over towards the stunning beauty at her side. She was welcomed by languidly parting thighs, and the lady eagerly slipped down to position her butt at the very edge of the chair to be in ideal position for the prowling youngster. Lips sealed themselves upon swollen lips with a succulent mmmmmm closely followed by a breathless gasp to signal the start of another joyful ride to the heights of unparalleled pleasure. A shudder went through both of them &#8211; from the one over to the other &#8211; as the wave of passion washed over them like a tidal wave. Angela grabbed the arms of her chair as soft hands came up to start tweaking her erect nipples in a perfectly balanced rhythm with the tongue invading her well-lubricated love tunnel with vivid thrusts.
Yes, like that baby just like that. You know exactly how to do it you little strumpet oooohhhh
Mary had to mobilize energy just to open her eyes as she heard the unmistaken sounds of mounting passion right beside her. She knew her exhaustion was only temporary, and the sound of her friend&#8217;s pleasure-drowned instructions immediately filled her chest with a new glow of joyful desire, bringing her to life in a way she never would have thought possible just a few months back. All because of the amazing talents of her incredible young aficionado.
As she watched the dark head bob on between the obscenely spread legs of her friend, she started wondering how far this girl actually could drive them. Right now it seemed there was no real limit to how high the intensity of their pleasure could get. It was practically just a matter of how well coordinated they could get with her, something that obviously was a matter of how much time they would spend together.
From her position right behind the upturned butt she could see the girl&#8217;s fingers play gently over her own lust engorged clit, expertly coordinating her own pending orgasm with that of Angela as their breathless exercise culminated in a terrific bout of bouncing and trashing and Angela&#8217;s blatant howl of ecstasy. She knew the girl had hers &#8211; no matter what efforts she made to try to conceal it &#8211; when she couldn&#8217;t take the intensity of the heat any longer; a relief of her insatiable hunger for their domineering pleasure.
Afterwards they all piled up together on the heap of damp towels, intensely enjoying the feeling of nearness and comfort. The two ladies even overcame their reluctance to touch each other and were soon kissing and stroking gingerly as Linda&#8217;s tongue worked it&#8217;s tickling magic on some body part most available and receptive to new signals of passion.
On and on their lovemaking went, all three of them seemingly insatiable in their unremitting pursue of unparalleled sexual bliss. Mary could hardly understand where she got this amazing sexual energy from. Maybe some of it came from witnessing her friend&#8217;s rapture, the way she so utterly shamelessly gave herself over to her passion, delightfully selfishly pulling every last flick of sexual stimulation from the overloaded girl tongue consistently at her devoted service. It was a kind of staunchness that had been unknown to her with her slightly introvert sexual ways, at least compared to that of her friend.
Sometimes in the morning they woke up from the cold breeze. With goose bumps covering their entire bodies, they withdrew down below deck and under the warm covers of the welcoming sleeping cabin beds, sighing and groaning happily as they went to sleep for the rest of the night entangled in each others arms and warm bodies with yet another increased level of comfort. 
The harbour did not call them during the night, meaning that there was no bad weather or anything else endangering their languid luxury out in the vast openness of endless dark horizons.
Mary was the first one to get up on deck and peer against the intense light of the morning sun. They had drifted quite a bit during the night; so much that they could clearly see the difference when they studied the profile of Maracalor. They were much closer, and Linda felt a little trickle of fear run down her spine by the sight of the rugged profile, suddenly so near and bullying in the intense light. She knew by heart she would never make friends with that dormantly sleeping beast.









Southern Nights 13. &#8211; Southern Nights.
tanrayb@hotmail.com

I really don&#8217;t know how many times I&#8217;ve used the word &#8216;amazing&#8217; since I came down here, Angela smiled as they stepped out of their rental car and looked at their home for the upcoming evening and night. All three of them wailed in girlish excitement over the style and elegance of the bungalow in front of them. I just couldn&#8217;t help it, you know, Angela told them excitedly as the warm breeze playfully ruffled her fair locks, when I saw the sunset out at the ocean that first night, I decided I just had to find a place up here with the best possible view to enjoy it to the fullest once again. She waved her hand towards the elegant house as she shut the car door and threw her handbag over the shoulder. I simply asked at the reception last night, and they immediately told me that for what I wanted, this was the place. The place indeed! So I took the liberty of booking it for tonight &#8211; without even asking you. The last passage she told them looking coyly over the rim of her mighty sunglasses. Hope it&#8217;s okay with you 
Her two companions nodded in unison in response to her seemingly innocent inquiry, knowing perfectly well that this was a prevalent case closed as far as Angela was concerned. And they didn&#8217;t mind a bit with the beauty of the scenery completely mesmerizing them as they strolled through the spacious and well-gardened compound.
Right in front of the bungalow, behind a high and protection-providing hedge, there was a broad terrace, built from huge stone tiles or rather flags that formed an artistic texture of sun-baked mosaic surrounded by an even more artistically forged black iron rail with a shiny brown oak handrail on top of it.
In the front, facing right westwards, was an opening with a stair down to a lower balcony down at the outer cliff. This left a completely open view to the magnificence of the sunset whenever the weather allowed for it. Like this glorious evening. The sun was already low, and the worst heat was gradually loosing its merciless grip as the three of them walked through the cool interior of the bungalow and out to the terrace. Sure enough the flagstone floor was still too hot to walk without sandals, but that was going to change fairly quickly once the ever-present breeze got the better of the intensely baking heat of the sunshine.
Exactly as perfect as I was told, Angela mused as she drew in the fresh ocean air in a long and deep sigh that made her tits bulge under her thin yellow blouse. Just perfect for our purpose, don&#8217;t you think? The question was followed by her characteristic girlish giggle. Mary joined in and for a moment both ladies faced Linda with lustful eyes, sending intense vibes of dominant craving like glowing arrows through the air, right into the core of the girl&#8217;s passion-engorged soul. Confronted once again with all this overwhelming strength and beauty Linda felt an urge to drop to her knees and start worshipping their feet right there and then. Instead she straightened her back to pull herself together and returned her most beaming smile, letting her tongue run coquetry along her lower lip to underscore her exultant consent. Immediately Mary reached out and pulled her in to her fiery bosom in a warm and loving hug, filling her lungs with the smell of the dark, girlish hair right under her nose.
You are just completely wonderful, she sighed, burying her nose deeper into the youngster&#8217;s sleek hair. Just fuckin&#8217; incredible. The last part was said in an almost inaudible wisp, more to herself than anyone else. As she felt the girl&#8217;s hands slip along her back down low, grouping the globes of her butt exactly the way she did when she tongued her pleasure-craving slit, the itch in her crotch caught fire with such intensity she had to mobilize all her strength not to push the girl down to her knees right there on the spot. There would be a time for that, definitely, but not until things were in perfect order around them. And she was still quite curious to see what Angie had in mind for this sunset thing of hers. Oh yes; rushing things was the deadliest sins of all at moments like these.
A strong draft from below made their locks fly. Mary lifted her head to admire the view once again. From the end of the lower terrace, behind the rail, there was a 10 &#8211; 15 feet of relatively rocky surface out to the edge where the cliffs seemed to dive at least some three hundred feet right into the ocean below.
This left them with a panorama that was completely breathtaking and almost a little frightening at the same time. They had the enormous arch of the ocean on three sides, the full scenery only interrupted by some low trees hanging on to some green spots out along the edge of the cliff.
Mary discovered she had been hugging Linda harder and harder, almost like she was afraid to be sucked out over the edge and into the abyss. With a deep sigh she let go and had the girl turn around in her arms to be able to admire the awesome view together with her. The horizon ran like a blue-greyish line that seemed to slice the endless vastness into heaven and ocean by some inexplicable force and let each part fade off deep into a kind of indolent incessancy.
Again there was this unfathomable humming tone somewhere deep inside her chest &#8211; or was it the air? &#8211; that enigmatic sound that seemed to draw its power from the incomprehensible immensity of glittering ocean out there. The deepest bass imaginable, voicing to all humankind an eternal warning of nature&#8217;s boundless powers; listening or not. Reminding them both of the open-hearted gift of marvellous evenings like these, and the untameable ferocity of its un-released powers, just as it had done with the looming profiles of the distant sleeping beast way out there in the infinitely vast blue of the ocean.
Up here though the profile of Maracalor could hardly be seen far out towards the west. And as the sun descended, its contours were totally erased by the intensity and glittering reflections of the reddening light. Anne noticed another island far out to the south, one with a similar profile as that of Maracalor; probably also of volcanic origin then. A cold trickle of fear ran down her spine as she contemplated the fact that the whole area &#8211; including the cliffs they were standing on &#8211; actually may be a part of the same dormant power that so perceptibly displayed its might through the profiles of those fearsome islands out there. Maybe the beast could in fact try to grasp at her all the way up here if they wouldn&#8217;t show the proper respect and awe that the whole scenery persistently demanded? She shrugged in Mary&#8217;s arms as she tried to shake the silly notion off and turn her mind back to the immense beauty of it all. That was what they were here for after all. To admire beauty. The beauty of mother nature, and the beauty of an almost overwhelming female aura. A mother nature in an entirely different &#8211; but just as awesome &#8211; way. Her mind flashed from unease to passion in an abrupt mental swerve, aided by the feeling of Mary&#8217;s bulging tits pressing at her back through the fabric of her thin, red blouse. Her lady still had her arms wrapped lovingly around her, as though she would be protecting her from her own apprehensive thoughts as Linda kept staring open-mouthed at the beautiful scenery around them. 
You two enjoy yourself for a moment and I&#8217;ll go prepare the chairs, Angela smiled as she turned around and disappeared inside. A moment later they could hear her rumbling around with the furniture, and they hastily broke up to assist her. In no time at all a table, a huge parasol and two very comfy chairs were put up on the lower terrace, and Linda was right in to fix them some refreshing orange juice drinks from the well-equipped fridge. She had to smile as she returned out to find here two mistresses stark naked and comfortably seated in the shadow of the parasol, facing the glittering ocean, clearly awaiting her service as the most natural thing of this world. The view itself, along with the knowledge of their unmistakable expectations, was enough to feed the girl&#8217;s incorrigible submissive fire, as usual, and she had to stop and take a deep breath before she proceeded up to hand them the ice-cold drinks.
They took them with broad smiles, waving for her to sit down on the hard stone floor in front of their chairs. The lack of comfort for her was entirely on purpose, of course, underscoring the comprehensiveness of the very submissive role &#8211; definitely close to that of a slave girl &#8211; she was inevitably slipping into, almost as by its own force of gravity.
It&#8217;s just incredibly wonderful to be warm and naked with the panorama of such an incredible sunset. Simply the best feeling ever, Angela sighed as she removed her back hair clips and let her golden blond locks flow all over the neck of the chair before her head sank back gracefully. Her nipples protruded stiffly, revealing her almost ubiquitous state of arousal as she peeked down at Linda sitting obediently on her haunches in front of her. With a big smile on her lips the girl let her eyes wander between pussy, tits and face as she used the tip of her tongue to tease the woman to new heights of sexual yarning. They all loved this game immensely, sometimes stretching it all out into a lengthy, electrifying foreplay of shuddering enticement, leaving an almost liquidised craving for all those sweet things to come.
You look like a real angel sitting in front of me like this, Angela sighed. An Angel sent to bring joy to all mankind or rather womankind or rather especially to me! She smiled broadly as she let her legs slip graciously further apart, revealing the full treasures of her sex to the youngster&#8217;s ardent stare. Her finger came down to caress the girl&#8217;s chin and dark locks as she prepared for yet another bout of almost unimaginable pleasure.
Now I would like us to fulfil this one great fantasy of mine my most favourite dream of all time, something that to me would be the most romantic thing. She laughed coyly before she continued. The most romantic thing in my world, of course!
She took a deep sip of her drink.
It will be a work of immense precision, she continued in the same almost mocking voice, demanding the highest coordination skills from both of us.
She could notice the glimpse of curiosity in the gorgeous eyes as she spoke, even though there couldn&#8217;t be much doubt about the essence of the girl&#8217;s imminent task.
I&#8217;ve always loved sunsets like these all my life. The colours and the sparkling glow. Just like now. She waved her hand out towards the ocean in an elegant swing that made her tits wobble delightfully. And I&#8217;d like this one to be the most special of all. She cleared her throat and locked the girl&#8217;s eye&#8217;s firmly with her own. Exactly the moment the last slice of sun disc slips under the horizon... I want to cum in your mouth! And I&#8217;d like it to be my best cum yet the best cum ever!
The girl&#8217;s eyes immediately beamed with appreciation and joy. Yessss Angela I&#8217;ll make sure it will be the best one ever. I&#8217;ll do my very best! Her young body shuddered lightly as she spoke.
I know you will. I wouldn&#8217;t doubt that for a second. Angela sighed as she eased herself a bit further down in her chair, spreading a bit more to the dark head that slowly started its descend down to her centre of pleasure.
For this to work, you need to use your tongue in a very regular and rhythmic way, allowing me &#8211; and you &#8211; to coordinate the build-up with the setting of the sun. Not a single slip or irregularity you understand?
Yes &#8211; Yes I do!
Just a regular rhythm
Yes.
Good girl
Angela put her voluminous glasses back onto her nose and sighed deeply as sweet red lips and hot, horny pussy met in a languid embrace of soft, but yet very untamed passion, a passion bound to crack off like a fireball of heavenly sensations once that well-trained tongue set to work for real.
And it did its magic tricks more precisely than ever before, having Angela moaning and writhing on her chair in a matter of minutes. The lady got exactly what she had asked for. Linda found a perfect, slow rhythm of flicks back and forth along the underside of her clitoral base, stretching from the urethra all the way almost up to the red-engorged knob, leaving off right under the over-sensitive tip.
With this kind of regular stimulation - hard work even for the most well practiced and enduring tongue - Angela knew Linda would get tired in a matter of minutes, so this would be the ultimate test of the girl&#8217;s resilience and real determination to please. A decisive demonstration of devotion and exceptional endurance. She estimated it to be some ten minutes yet before they would reach that magic point in time &#8211; at least.
With Mary watching more and more breathlessly from the other side of the little white table, the two ecstatic bodies writhed in lazy waves along the entire scale of intense bodily pleasures as more and more of the glowing red disc got engulfed by the led-grey arch of vast ocean endlessness. Angela seemed to control her pleasure build by her breathing - almost like in labour - gasping and hissing as she ravenously consumed the pleasure burning intensely throughout her body with seemingly insatiable energy. Again Mary got the impression that the two of them had a unity of lovemaking that made it all look like they had done absolutely nothing else but exactly this for the better part of their lives. To Mary Angela had it all so natural in some peculiar way. Even though Angie and Linda never had the time to melt into a unity of love &#8211; her favorite way of thinking of it - like she felt the girl had done with herself, it still was like they had been lovers for years. To Linda Angie simply was a natural - the natural. Her movement so clearly telling the wildly excited girl what was expected and how she wanted it, pointing up the best sensations by sighs, moans and even some petite adjustments by a gentle but persistent hand, never leaving any doubts about where she had her, and what she should do to keep here on the right level of boil for any suitable occasion or any suitable length of time.
Linda felt her tongue getting a bit raw, and her throat muscle slowly getting tired from the vigorous labour required from its rhythmically sweeping and protruding rhythm. Only the most strength-consuming thrusts made Angie shudder lightly with lust the way she wanted, and as soon as she tried softening her intensity just a tiny bit, she felt the demanding body kind of coming after her to force her stimulation back to full effort. Absolutely not a single moment of ease with this relentless lady!
Resolutely she literarily threw herself back in with all her strength, living entirely by the moment, desperately determined to keep up all her very best effort for as long as it would ever take, pushing the nightmare-like thoughts of a possible collapse far back into the lowest shelves of her fevered mind. Surely she had to be able to bring this woman what she craved, even if it would cost her the very last tremor of energy? She just couldn&#8217;t fail them now, not after such a long time of successful service, could she? No chance. Over her dead body! They were going to learn that nothing could break her devotion to give her uppermost at any time. Absolutely any time! And they were going to learn it the hard way. Her hard way! As to underscore her determination, she collected everything she got to bring on a thrust that made Angie gasp hoarsely. Then she continued her rhythmical assault, feeling her jaws and throat muscles starting to burn lightly from their growing exhaustion.
My oh my, what a lovely view, Angela murmured, more to herself than her two friends.
The horizon was a myriad of colours, glowing and fluttering in a soundless crescendo of incomprehensive immensity, as to show off its very best panorama just for the little well-coordinated team up there on the cliff. And the ocean reflected it all with a sparkling generosity that lifted it to a monumental symphony of silent, wispy art. The warm draught that every now and then came up to caress their cheek and even lightly ruffle their locks made it all almost tangible in its terrific stateliness, as if to incessantly remind them how very close mother nature was even on a distant spot and in intimate moments like these.
Smiling joyfully towards the magnificent scenery Angela stretched her limbs almost ecstatically as glowing ripples of sparkling jolts shot up and down throughout her body. The heat was creeping in on her like a wild cat ready to strike, and she had to take several deep breaths to control her body as the rhythmic tongue thrusts threatened to tip her over the edge much too soon.
Just a few more minutes, and she could just squeeze her head back and give herself over to the rapture of the impending orgasm.
Linda sensed her mistress&#8217; mounting heat, and concentrated all her effort into the final stages of her service, more determined than ever to break her beautiful lady before she ran out of strength herself. Mary could see a new and different glow in those beautiful blue eyes down there; an almost self-destructive resolve to serve, making the girl&#8217;s body tremble and strain in tensed agony as she kept up her rhythm with relentless gusto. Her tendons tightened like ropes around her neck as her jaws worked, and Angela&#8217;s body started jerking and shuddering as the determined stimulation started to overwhelm her. At one point she grabbed the armrests of her chair with shaky hands, her knuckles whitening strenuously as her grip tightened in an indomitable effort to control her treacherous body the last minute she needed for the perfect ecstasy to burst.
As the sunset approached its spectacular finale, the lovemaking intensified conspicuously, making both bodies shudder and writhe even harder in and exquisite mixture of passion and exhaustion. Linda&#8217;s jaws were sore and her tongue completely raw. But she felt the effect she brought on, and nothing on this planet could derail her from the task of bringing this beautiful woman exactly the pleasure she craved.
And the tongue worked exactly the way it should, its rhythmic predictability allowing Angela exactly the bodily control she needed for the challenging coordination. She felt her entire abdomen kind of dissolving into a glowing lava flow of burning fury around that miraculous tongue, and she could cry out in abandoned bliss from the sheer knowledge that with the way this magnificent youngster played out her talents, she could control her orgasm down to the very core of her soul and beyond, topping anything she had ever experienced before in her life.
Exactly the moment the last slice of glowing red shrank into a glimmering dot and then disappeared with a last little winkle under the steel- grey horizon, Angela gave way and let her belly melt into a flaming inferno, allowing the fort-breaking orgasm to kind of grow out of the grasp around the rhythmically intrusive tongue. Her body tightened up and then stiffened and she let out a long and guttural groan as her body floated freely by its own unremitting drive. As the magnificent eruption mounted to its heart-bursting peak, she shrieked wildly and shot a tiny but still sharp and well-defined squirt of pure liquidized passion right into Linda&#8217;s eagerly working moth. The orgasm was raw but controlled; perfectly in line with the heart-warming experience of romance and awe she had been feeling facing the spellbinding scene of sheer indefinite magnitude and beauty. Linda followed her easily, tonguing and lip-rubbing the clitoral shaft with rhythmic twirls as her lady shook through her ecstasy in a frenzy of gasps and hisses, desperately holding on to the armrests of her chair to stay in ideal position for the expert stimulations of her adorable little slave girl. Linda noticed she didn&#8217;t grab her head and grind her pussy all over her mouth as she normally did, and tried to give her the effect of it by an extra intensive flicking of the throbbing clit as a last little squirt signalled the culmination of her mistress&#8217; terrific eruption. 
As it passed over, the lady&#8217;s body gradually relaxed and she fell back powerlessly; totally spent and unable to move a single muscle in her body. Linda followed along gently, determined to give her the best let-down lick ever provided as she lovingly let her tongue caress the pink inside over the cum-soaked vaginal entrance. Angela lay like that for a while, completely still, using all her senses to absorb all the beauty and comfort surrounding her &#8211; and laying open and available for the pleasures the little darling right in front of her continued to bestow on her; now in a perfectly tuned low-key stimulus that served to affectionately accompany her down the heart-warmingly slow descent into an airy featherbed of perfectly harmonized afterglow.
The girl worked patiently for a little while, sensing the post-orgasmic tension and contractions deep inside the body surrounding her face gradually give way and being replaced by a pliant softness and harmony that fuelled her totally insatiable attraction to this treasure of feminine lavishness. Oh how she could pleasure these wonderful women. To the end of times, and way beyond that! Way beyond.
As she looked up to meet her mistress&#8217; eyes, Linda could see this beautiful expression of recognition and gratitude that kept making her heart feel like bursting with pride and satisfaction every time they made love together. She had done well, and her lady had had a great time, that was all that mattered. Their lovemaking and her mistress&#8217; orgasm had been a part of a higher experience of beauty and romance, just as she had wanted it to be - and expected it to be - and she knew there was nothing else in this world she would like to do but make absolutely sure that they would be able to enjoy such thrills from her worshipping lips as often as possible the rest of their life. With love and affection burning in her chest she continued licking the heavy pussy lips with soft, silky strokes, letting her finger slide lovingly along the peachy skin of thighs and buttocks in humble worship as she went along.
Linda had no idea how long they lay like this until Angela finally sighed and reached out to have another sip from her drink. Her body had a warm glow about it that felt almost like a scalding ray against the girl&#8217;s cheeks and shoulder as she lounged between her thighs, patiently nursing her through her incessant states of blissful lassitude. All until her mistress sighed deeply in a joyous mixture of exhaustion and gratitude.
Oh Linda if you keep doing that, you&#8217;d have to do me again. You &#8211; you I can never get enough of your mouth never A tiny contraction of her upper lip revealed a new dribble of pleasure trickling through her body. I thought you should go to Mary first but now I really don&#8217;t know
Another convulsion rippled through her belly and made her pubic bone bounce against Linda&#8217;s nose.
With a teasing smile she glanced over to her friend at the other chair, making an excusive wink with her free hand before she sank back in her chair with a trembling sigh.
Soon the two of them were engaged in another intensive coupling, sighing and groaning in intense pleasure as they drifted away on a fluffy cloud of heavenly feelings.
That&#8217;s it girl right there A little harder just there
The vibrant heat from her mistress&#8217; thighs transferred into a raging blaze in Linda&#8217;s own lust-engorged body. The woman&#8217;s heated instructions &#8211; selfish and compassionate at the same time &#8211; drove her almost insane with submissive lust. The numb exhaustion from a minute back was completely gone, and she went after the pleasure-driven directions with renewed energy. Her own passion had risen to unimaginable levels from the first bout, and it poured through her mind and limbs like electric waves, pulsing with the rhythm of her heart as she lost herself in the overwhelming femininity surrounding and almost consuming her in its drive for the ultimate pleasure. She had no intention on bringing on her own relief in a long time yet. All it would take was a little tweak with two fingers &#8211; just something firm to come against - and she would be off in a starburst explosion any time she wanted. But that wasn&#8217;t until she absolutely couldn&#8217;t take it any more.
Oooohhh that&#8217;s my baby
Another twitch of the abdominal muscles made the pubic bone bounce at her nose once again, and for a split second she was knocked out of position. Immediately hands came down to grasp her head with sharp nails and squeeze her back in again where her effort was needed. She came along with a deep tongue penetration that made the hands shudder in their grip on her head as a strained groan of momentary lament sounded over her. Then the woman took some deep breaths.
You know now we can just let it go as we please no coordination to limit our pleasure ooooohhhh!
This was going to be a quick one indeed. The thighs started trembling along her cheeks; small ripples shaking along the full length until the knees rattled along the armrests almost out of control. The grasp on Linda&#8217;s head got harder and more painful, and she could feel tears of pain filling her eyes as she set in the final assault to bring on the explosion she so desperately desired.
Mary knew they had a secret understanding that this sunset thing should be her friend&#8217;s scope first of all, since she had had all the expenses for this luxurious place. And it was &#8211; as she had said &#8211; definitely a realization of a long time dream of hers, one which Mary had no intention of disturbing by pushing too hard for her share of the action.
Still it was quite hard to be patient as she felt the itch in her own pussy grow into a raging fireball of voracious desire by the sight of the two lovers enjoying their perfectly tuned play. She had to use all her strength to keep her hand away from her crotch as the scene continued to unfold. Oh no; no fooling around with an irresolute finger. That zone was for her little girl&#8217;s sweet mouth only. The only right place for it to go!
Her incredibly wicked mind almost got her off without a single touch as a numbing flush of heat rushed through her. And the fact that Angie suddenly cramped up and had her second mind-skewing orgasm into that same, incredible wonderful mouth had her shake completely out of control as she struggled to avoid tipping over the edge and spin all along with them into the abyss of senseless ecstasy.
From her seat Mary could se her friend hanging on with both hands to the dark head, this time grinding her pussy mercilessly all over the beautiful face as she stretched her neck to howl out her ecstasy like some wild animal. The scene went on for a small eternity as the two sweating bodies trashed all over the creaking chair in total rapture, oblivious to anything but the raging fire of ecstasy racing through them. Then her dear friend finally started relaxing and slumped back like a chunk of strawberry jelly, panting wildly in an effort to catch up on her oxygen after her blatant vocal tribute.
She lay like that for a little while, letting the young angel take her gently and lovingly down into sweet post-orgasmic lassitude with feather-light tongue strokes along the inner walls of her leaking vagina. Then, suddenly, she turned her head and looked directly over at Mary. Not a word was needed to express their feelings as their eyes met. The eyes said it all. Mary blew her a light kiss to underline how happy she was on her old friend&#8217;s behalf. How glad she was that she could give her an experience like this. As the warmth of this different love of friendship and compassion filled her chest she reached out with her hand to grab that of her friend. Angie took it with grace and lifted it to her lips to kiss the back of her hand. Thank you Mary, she whispered, almost inaudible, her lips twitching lightly from the sensations brought on by the still gently working tongue.
Down between the damp thighs Linda concentrated on her work, far too busy to listen in on the light whispers above. For once she was much more occupied with her own feelings. Not from any urges to consider her own needs, but rather because of a sudden dizziness that had come over her after the last violent trashing between Angela&#8217;s legs. Her jaws were hurting once again, even more now, and her tongue was so raw it was almost numb from all the hard work. Still that was something she knew she could cope with if she only had at least a little bit of rest in between bouts. But the dizziness was worrying because it felt like growing, and even spreading as a faint discomfort in her abdomen. Hopefully she wasn&#8217;t going to pass out or something?
It came over her eyes, like a swarm of small black dots all over her inner vision, and she felt an intense desire to shake her head. All she could do was blink her eyes though, staying dutifully in position to nurse the beautiful woman over her through the different nuances of post-orgasmic sensations.
Then her service was suddenly up as she noticed her lady turn over at her friend in need at the other side of the table. With a big smile she turned back and looked down at Linda.
Hurry over and give her a quick suck-off, will you? And then come back immediately, you hear? I&#8217;ll be waiting VERY impatiently.
Mary had to laugh at the ardour of her friend&#8217;s urge. Gone was her usual cool prevalence, spiritedly replaced by an almost childish impetuosity that revealed the intensity with which this whole experience had gotten to her. Well I thought I should never get the honour&#8217; she smiled back, daintily opening her gracious legs to accommodate the dark head that immediately came hustling around and up to her.
Linda had used the opportunity to take some deep breaths and shake her head to clear her vision. As she crawled over on all four she also let her head down low enough for her hair to brush against the rocky floor as she moved. All this helped to clear her mind a bit, at least enough to resuscitate some of the dormant passion that always drove her to serve the way she loved most of all. Surely, by loosing herself fully in the depths of her self-imposed duties, she would recover fully and throw herself into it with her usual gusto, no question about that? What would be more tragic than to have to serve without passion?
But then she was welcomed by the most mouth-watering sight as her gracious lady opened up fully to lay everything bare for her in a gesture of the sweetest cordial love and compassion, the way only her own beloved mistress could do it. In a flash all discomfort was gone, and she felt a glowing surge of heat shoot through her body as the passion recaptured her heart and soul with a force almost brutal enough to take her breath away.
Mary&#8217;s sex was a rosy revelation of swollen pussy heat, with glistening lips anxiously yielding and closing in pouty kisses, joyfully stretching a full labia to show off confined glimmers of the incredibly pink interior. Anne immediately had to control herself not to dive in and devour the leaking hole like some starving beast. She could see shiny strands of sticky pussy juices that had seeped out steadily to be absorbed by the curled-up heap of towel that Mary had piled up between her legs in an effort to keep her ass crack dry and comfortable.
As Linda moved her face close in, her entire body shudder in response to the sex-loaded sight of her mistress moving forward to get her crotch in position clear of the towels, displaying all her feminine glory to her insatiable eyes &#8211; and mouth. The intoxicating smell invaded her senses and caressed her fevered mind, reminding her with the same irrevocable ardour where her irrefutable place in life was. Anne delicately moved on in to let her nose find its place in the little split in the stray bush of pubic curls that it had formed by its already countless encounters with its tickly embrace, like a perfect fit for the contours of her face exactly where she wanted it most. Gingerly she let her hands slip palms-up under the voluminous hillocks of peachy buttocks to lift the sweet vulva to her almost drooling mouth as she sealed her lips over it to scoop up the next rivulet of shiny juice about to spill out from between the intoxicatingly smiling lips. In fact they were always smiling; always welcoming her in for the ultimate kiss, possibly even more invitingly than the other lips up there, accompanying Mary&#8217;s even more convivial brown eyes. They were certainly smiling too, and as she let her tongue make its first deep sweeps to say hello, she met her adorable mistress&#8217; beautiful eyes, and almost swooned in the feeling of joy and happiness from the lustful waves that radiated back on her in return. 
Then there was this first, very familiar deep &#8211; almost shuddering &#8211; sigh that told here that everything in her world was fine, and happiness was as complete as can ever be.
Actually Mary had been a little bit cooled down by the duration of her friends last indolent let-down threat, but the eager tongue of her beloved girl got her picking up again in no time at all. In fact the flush of heat rushed through her almost like a shock, making her gasp hoarsely as it impacted. From then on four minutes was all she needed to have her first shattering orgasm of the evening, humping the girl&#8217;s mouth with relentless gusto as she sprayed it with her much richer quantity of juicy deluge. A delightful tribute to their enduring training. Linda felt like a drowned cat by the time she had gulped her way through the magnificent outpour, making sure to swerve her tongue over the clitoral nodule in between spurts with the same persistency as she had managed to keep up with Angie. Her head was knocked back and forth with the bouncing of the wildly kicking legs and hips, but she held her mouth sealed by a vicelike grip with both hands around the waist, holding her steadily in position as they both rode out the intense peak of mutual pleasure.
Of course her first orgasm was just a little appetizer for the next one, and Linda exactly knew her where&#8217;s and how&#8217;s in order to bring her beautiful mistress through the sensitive aftermath and up and going again in the shortest possible time. Reading even the tiniest ripples and sighs like an open book, she masterfully adjusted her patient ministration spot on at the tolerance level of her beautiful mistress until she could notch it up again ever so gently to gradually be off for a second ride across the wide plain of endless pleasure. Angela would just have to wait on for another quickie over at this side. She had her sweet lady twitching and moaning like a bitch in heat in a matter of minutes, and the second explosion came almost before the girl had managed to prepare properly. Still she took the powerful gush of sticky pussy cream with ease and swooped in to stay firmly with her all the way through to prolong the intensity of their pleasure as far as possible. Again the wildly bouncing hips got her out of balance as she struggled to hang on, but it wasn&#8217;t nearly as bad as the last time with Angela. As she nursed her lady down again and finally released her mouth from the happy hole with sticky strands of pussy cream stretching out between them as she moved, she knew there was another hole impatiently awaiting her attention right at her side. Tapping the sated pussy and her own flushed face clean with a fluffy towel she moved to crawl back to the night&#8217;s lady of honour. 
Angela had watched the lustful ride in complete relaxation, letting the heated sighs of love along with the warmth, smells, sounds and panorama around them massage her senses back to a renewed stage of indolent passion. Linda was almost surprised to find the sweet sex once again munificently overflowing with juice, and as her head was grasped with loving hands and her lips put resolutely to work at the leaking pleasure source, a surge of sticky fluid gushed over her tongue the moment it slipped in between the swollen lips. The woman&#8217;s sexual drive seemed completely insatiable, and for the second time Linda&#8217;s sore jaw and raw tongue made her doubt if she would be able to see this through the way she knew was expected of her. Still she set to work with the same resolve as always, soon having the woman sigh and groan in renewed passion as she let her exceptional skills play out their artistic harmonies on the more than convivial pleasure source.
It took a long time to build her up this time, and Linda was left to do all the work as the lady absorbed the pleasure work almost without a movement. Only a small shudder or twitch revealed her growing passion as darkness gradually crept in over the terrace to wrap the colourful horizon in a gigantic curtain of grey and black. By the time the sighs and shudders picked up in intensity to signal the pending climax, Linda&#8217;s tongue was acing intolerably, and her entire neck and jaw was numb from the continuous pleasuring efforts.
Oh Linda I&#8217;m cumming ooohhhmake it good for me
Angela&#8217;s hands came down to spread her labia with shaking fingers and reveal her pink little jewel of pleasure to the delicately twirling tongue, and the girl certainly took her by the word, focusing all her attention on the little knob as their lovemaking drew closer to the inevitable conclusion.
Angela trembled hard and then stiffened as the waves of pleasure flushed over her once again. Her thighs held the girl&#8217;s head in a vice-like grip as the violent tremors of her all-consuming orgasm shook her like a leaf. A hand grasped desperately at her head, digging its nails painfully into her scalp as she struggled to hang in the best she could. On and on it went as series of short shrieks once again gave munificent vocal acknowledgment to her gut-wrenching ecstasy. As the thighs made a final jerk and then relaxed their crushing grip, Linda felt a sudden darkness come over her eyes, and before she managed to react, she felt herself fall down onto the sun-warmed floor, gasping of exhaustion, hardly managing to damp the fall with trembling hands. She rested her cheek on the stone, a strand of pussy cream leaking out over her lips and leaving a damp patch as she struggled to hang in and not loose consciousness. Luckily the floor had cooled down quite a bit, and it actually helped her by a slightly cooling of her damp cheek and face. But when she tried to open her eyes, everything got a blur and she pressed her chin down and continued breathing heavily.
Above her the two mistress lay, just as exhausted and heavily breathing as herself, striving to collect some strength to even start recovering from the abiding session of passionate love, completely unaware of the discomfort of their devoted little slave girl. It was hardly surprising that insatiable little minx was exhausted and needed some recovery, so non of them thought it worthwhile to check on her as they focused on their own pleasurable let-down from the heights of ultimate bliss. The way they had always done and the way it should always be.
Linda lay motionless a couple of minutes, hyperventilating intensively in her struggle not to loose consciousness. A noisy humming filled her ears and kind of added to her agony. On top of that a new wave of sickness made her stomach cramp up and she really worried that she was going to throw up. What an embarrassment that would be! At her mistress feet and everything For a moment she almost panicked. Instinctively she knew it had nothing to do with the generous quantities of cream from all the generous orgasms, so it had to relate to the dizziness she kept experiencing as she was released from the crushing grip of their almost burly thighs.
A cold shudder ran down her back and transformed to a trickling feeling of numbing sting somewhere in her neck and torso. Her mind started spinning, and she felt a desperate need to grab hold of something not to fall. Her hands slipped instinctively to the sides, leaving her in an awkward spread-eagled position as she pressed her cheek hard to the ground. Panic fought with reason inside her. Would it pass soon, or would she end up sick enough to really throw up all over the floor? She was that close at the moment Oh if it could only pass over and finally leave her alone. Damn damn damn
She took some more deep breaths and finally felt the first sign of relief as the all-consuming wooziness started to slip away. Again the strange trickling ran down her back, this time to signal the clearing of the almost strangling feeling of discomfort. She lay like that for another couple of minutes, nervously sensing, and finally even enjoying the feeling of recovery and relaxation, only dimly noticing the distant sound of low conversation between her two mistresses above. There was Angela&#8217;s typical little laughter again. 
Her mistresses knew nothing of her distress, of course; simply thinking that she took a well- deserved little time-out in order to collect strength for further excesses. All a focal part of their delightful little game of domination and submission; the inimitable game of unspoken sexual acquiescence that had made all of this possible in the first place. It had never been as unmistakable and outspoken as this evening - more like some intangible sensation, or maybe rather expectation, somewhere deep under the jovial surface of their daily regularity. Certainly a clear-cut role of giver and receiver, but otherwise an atmosphere of equality that sometimes almost frustrated Linda a bit in its unmitigated consistency.
This evening was all different though, and she had gotten almost more than she had bargained for in terms of delightful mental abuse and subtle degradation. Exactly the way she had dreamed about it all her life. Maybe it was her sore knees as well; from not even having a towel to kneel on during her service? Another little detail to gently accentuate their mutual understanding of her role in this peculiar relationship. Like her mistresses had put her to her last test and finally found the answer they had been looking for?
Could that be the reason for her sudden problems? Simply the mental impact of finally reaching this final stage of all her submissive dreams? The feeling that her innermost secrets and dreams had been thoroughly searched out, understood and now realised through all the hidden details in their lovemaking this wonderful evening? Could such a mental blow be strong enough to bring on a physical reaction like this? Could it
Linda dear, could you get us our robes from the bathroom please? This breeze is getting cool quite quickly up here once the sun is gone. I think we&#8217;d better continue inside.
Mary&#8217;s voice took a few seconds to reach all the way into Linda&#8217;s dishevelled brain as she lay recovering from her sudden discomfort. Desperately wanting to respond to her mistress&#8217; bid, she lifted her head carefully, and as she felt the dizziness slowly clear off of her mind, she quickly got on her feet to stumble into the house to carry out her new order. She had to support herself at the entrance as she tumbled inside and continued taking deep breaths as she went on to fulfil her latest task.
When she returned out with one robe over each forearm, she found her two ladies standing next to their chairs, swaying lightly as they tried to remain steady on still quite shaky legs. It was quite dark, and their huge sunglasses now eventually hampered more than helped their vision. As Linda slipped the robes over each pair of elegant shoulders, she offered to take their glasses. Both women peered with their eyes for a moment as the little remaining light hit, but it helped find the way across the terrace and in between the two huge palm trees flanking the broad sliding door into the coolness of the bungalow.
Linda helped them prepare for a refreshing shower and went in with them for a bout of soaping and rinsing of gracious and voluminous female body parts. She still had some difficulties with her balance as she bent down to towel and massage the two beauties, every now and then planting a soft kiss on a warm tit, a soft thigh or a wobbling buttock.
She was glad to notice that the worst jaw-ache had waned as well, and &#8211; although strenuous as hell &#8211; she definitely would be able to continue her pleasuring effort for as long as it took once her ladies felt ready for more. Hopefully at least. She worked her jaw carefully, again a bit unsure how far she could actually take it, but still as determined as ever to put everything she had into it. Hell yes; everything.
After another ice-cold glass of orange juice, Angela let herself fall back on the huge master bed.
Oooooh I&#8217;m exhausted then again that typical little giggle of hers. I&#8217;m almost too tired for more sex almost
Well, that would be the surprise of the week, Mary responded mockingly as she stretched her limbs languorously along the broad leather couch opposite to the bed. Both women&#8217;s robes were already wide open and curled up in a dishevelled heap under their golden bodies. Inside the bungalow there was nothing of the breeze that had finally driven them in from the terrace, and the voluptuous bodies radiated a compulsive heat of indolent comfort and flimsily dawning arousal. Linda knew it was her own unsatisfied libido that made the flame of passion well up in her chest again, but she could swear her two ladies experienced the same - just from the glow in their skin - although in a much more feline and lingering way.
Mary and Angela tended to talk together like Linda wasn&#8217;t present at all. Under any &#8216;normal&#8217; circumstance she would have felt it to be an intolerable offence, but now it felt just exactly right to continue the encroachment of her submissive role, and as such just served to bring her fire to new heights. She was there to serve, to bring them as much sexual pleasure as they could possible take, and her own well-being or needs were of no interest to her superior mistresses as long as they got theirs. Nor was her need for attention or acceptance into their world. Of course it was a game - like it had been out there at the terrace as well - but they were so engrossed in it that the feeling of reality was more than tangible as events kept developing.
The heat quickly wined up again. Linda had found her place at her mistress&#8217; legs on the floor, and it didn&#8217;t take long before her dark head was bobbing faithfully between the invitingly spread thighs. Mary had other plans than just another regular cum though, and after a few minutes of heating up, she gathered the necessary strength to tear loose and get up on shaky feet. 
Linda uh I want to sit on your face get over to the bed hurry
Linda had been completely unprepared for the abrupt interruption, loosing herself completely in the sweet wetness. She almost fell over as she scrambled to her feet to obey. Angela rolled over on her belly to leave some space for them on the huge double bed, smiling broadly as she excitedly awaited the new scene to unfold right next to her. She had noticed her friend preference for a &#8216;classical&#8217; service &#8211; firmly on her back - but clearly felt that her own creativity had inspired the more wicked sides of her friend&#8217;s imagination.
Mary followed the eager girl onto the bed and knee-walked up along her body to straddle her chest facing down her slender body. Any trace of their initial shyness was long gone for both of them, and Mary shamelessly bent at the hips to get in position, blatantly showing of the full beauty of her charms as she did.
Linda once again felt the blood boiling furiously in her veins as the broad, wonderful behind filled her world with its powerful visual impact and started descending down on her upturned face. She had developed a growing preference for the more irregular positions of lovemaking, and this had emerged as a clear favourite lately. Still, of course, her lady&#8217;s preference was her law, and that still seemed to be the more classical positions. So every time the opportunity for some of the more kinky stuff came up, she literarily grasped the opportunity with greedy hands and a hammering heart in completely illimitable excitement. Even before the powerful behind came down on her, squeezing the air form between them with a hissing mmmmmpppffff, she used both hands to help press her harder down and find the ideal position to welcome her with one of her deepest and wettest tongue penetrations. 
A breathless gasp from above indicated her efforts certainly were not unappreciated, and she wiggled her face from side to side to drill in deeper, her nose burying into the softly yielding entrance of the pink little anal opening. A massive attack with her tongue into the depths of her lady&#8217;s love channel triggered some delightful tremors that made the butt cheeks quiver joyfully over her face. Mary soon found herself shaking and shuddering in response to the girl&#8217;s well-trained touch, and she bore down relentlessly on her hard-working mouth as her body writhed and shuddered its way towards another violent climax. At the same time Linda&#8217;s hands pulled her down even harder, pressing the woman&#8217;s crotch all over her face until the peachy globes of her ass even covered her eyes. It was a feeling so maddeningly wild and crazy that she felt herself twitch and squirm under the delightful weight as she used her tongue as a piston to reach as far up her lady&#8217;s love-cannel as she possibly could. She could feel the powerful buttocks flex and shudder over her face, and knew her orgasm was already close. 
&#8216;Oh yes sit on my face cum in my mouth smoother me with your wild passion&#8217; Linda&#8217;s submission was so total and unadulterated she felt her body shudder even harder than that of her dominant lover. The entire crotch churned on her face, pussy lips slipping slickly over her mouth, butt globes rubbing all the way up to her forehead as they continued their joyous ride towards another thunderous climax.
Every time Linda needed a breath, she used her well-adept strength to lift her lower face enough to free her nose from its position imbedded in the silky depths of the puckered anal opening, violently attacking the engorged clit with powerful tongue-flicks as she drew a lungful of air before she let herself sink back in again. This way she knew Mary wouldn&#8217;t have to worry about anything, and could focus 100% on her mounting pleasures.
And it definitely had the desired effect. Mary didn&#8217;t even last five minutes before she stiffened and cried out, squirting yet another copious dose of pleasure cream down her lover&#8217;s insatiable throat. Her butt cheeks quivered violently over the girl&#8217;s glistening face as she rode out her insane ecstasy with teeth-gritting abandon. As it finally subsided she fell forward on the bed, drained as a ragged doll, panting wildly in an effort to catch up on her breathing.
With just a little bit of gurgling and sputtering Linda succeeded in downing all of the munificently spent pleasure cream and lay beck to regain control of her own breathing as she dwelled in the fantastic sensation of being so utterly and unconditionally used for another person&#8217;s pleasure. And her own pleasure as well, of course. As always. She had almost given in to the temptation to reach down and get herself off during the ride. It was next to impossible to stand the intensity of it all. Still she knew there was a lot more to come, and she would need her very last spark of sexual energy to hang on all the way through; all until her two beauties could take absolutely no more, no matter what.
She wasn&#8217;t left a lone for more than what felt like a minute or so before another shadow fell over her. The mighty twin hillocks of Angela&#8217;s mind-bogglingly awesome behind came descending down on her, gracefully but persistently, the dripping furrow of liquidized passion aiming directly for her mouth. When she got low enough for the pubic curls to tickle Linda&#8217;s nose she stopped for a moment, just to give the girl time to take some extra deep breaths, and then the mighty tail came down heavily to seal her mouth with an abrupt and airy &#8216;mmmpppffhhhh.&#8217;
Linda&#8217;s arms were still pinned down by Mary&#8217;s legs, so she had no possibility to indulge deeper into the crazed blaze of mindless sexual abuse by pulling Angie hard down just as she had done before. Still she made her desire known by a gurgling squeal of joy into the succulent depth of overpowering female rump as she drilled her face in deep to drown helplessly right in the middle of it all. Angela shuddered joyously and wiggled her crotch over the face to get the contact she wanted and craved. As she felt the tongue drill in deep, she let out an even more delighted squeal and pressed down hard to get as much out of it as she could.
Once fully seated on the up-turned face, Angela made herself more comfortable by sticking her legs down under those of Mary who was still lying half over Linda&#8217;s body, recovering from her violent ecstasy. Mary was able to help her by lifting herself slightly, but then she sank back down luxuriating in her sweet exhaustion.
Angela soon found the right position and used her fingers to spread her self gently to the invading tongue, thus sealing her nether lips over those of her bedazzled lover. Through her curly pubic bush she could enjoy the sight of the girl&#8217;s upper face as it tensed up in concentration and enjoyment for the task at hand.
The heat of the previous bouts had taken its toll, and Angela had almost no resistance left as the tongue drove her relentlessly towards another peak. As her orgasm approached, she went into a low crouch over her, suddenly bringing her face down close to Linda&#8217;s, her beautiful blonde hair cascading down to confine their world of passion. A pearly drop of sweat fell from the woman&#8217;s nose and hit Linda on the forehead. Angela&#8217;s stocked breathing caressed her face like the scalding draft from an over-heated melting pot as the strong thighs along her cheeks started tensing up for another mind-bending eruption. The pubic bone worked relentlessly against her face, making the little bush of curly hair tickle her cheeks almost unbearingly as it split delicately around her desperately flailing nostrils. Sticky pussy cream literarily sloshed around the hard working tongue that kept working its way back and forth between the clitoral base and the depths of the sex-ravenous love channel with unrelenting vigor. 
Mary&#8217;s slow recovery eventually got disturbed by the escalating humping behind her and she lazily worked herself off Linda&#8217;s body and rolled over on her back with a deep, almost afflictionate sigh. From there she could see the final stages of her friend&#8217;s stormy ride as it raced for the grand finale. The muscles along Angela&#8217;s back worked frantically as she rode on, and Mary noticed how fit her friend actually looked, at least from this angle. Her skin, now wet with perspiration, glowed like gold in the dim light from the terrace lamps. The powerful buttocks churned heavily over the young girl&#8217;s face, seemingly humping it right through the mattress in desperate pursuit of ever higher peaks of pleasure. The girl&#8217;s freed hands immediately found a firm grip around Angela&#8217;s hips, pulling her even harder down to stir her on in her relentless abuse of the girl&#8217;s burning desire to please.
Then Angela stiffened like hit by an oversized, invisible bullwhip.
As her peachy ass globes shook violently she crouched down even further and let out a pitched cry, followed by several more as her body shuddered in violent convulsions. Mary could vividly imagine how a thick squirt of liquid ecstasy shot down into the girl&#8217;s throat exactly that moment, and she could see the girl&#8217;s body twitch and turn under the woman&#8217;s fierce assault, her hips pumping up and down and legs kicking wildly back and forth as though she was struggling to get free. But her hands kept the same vicelike grip around the woman&#8217;s hips, holding her in position the best she could as she used her tongue to try to stay in contact with the critical spots that would increase and prolong her mistress&#8217; orgasm as far and as long as humanly possible.
Exactly at the moment Angela&#8217;s orgasm seemed to subside, Linda&#8217;s tongue found an extra sensitive spot, sending the woman into a new series of convulsions as a second orgasm hit almost like a fist right in her belly. Linda had finally rubbed her thighs together in order to set off her own relief of tension, and all of a sudden both of them trembled in the throes of an orgasm so intensive it made them freeze like bronze statues in the dim light from the outside lamps. Mary watched the beautiful scenery with growing excitement, completely awestruck by the energy they could muster in the wild pursue of unparalleled sexual pleasure. Angela inhaled in short, sharp gasps without exhaling, the muscles in her back straining as her body shuddered more and more intensely. Linda&#8217;s body slowly bowed upwards, her heels digging deep down into the mattress as she nearly lifted her back and torso clear off the sheets. She seemed to remain motionless in that position for an endless second before her body once again erupted in a cascade of motion, trashing wildly back and forth under the relentless weight of Angela&#8217;s erratic assault. The woman crouched down even more, squealing and hissing like a wild animal as she relentlessly rode out her orgasm. Linda received a dose of sticky pussy cream almost equalling that of Mary, and had to swallow as fast as she could to hang on, working desperately to focus on her mistress&#8217; pleasure as her own monumental orgasm blew her mind clear of anything but fierce, primal lust.
Angela&#8217;s powerful buttocks gyrated and humped the upturned face so the post slammed against the wall to the rhythm of wildly creaking bedsprings. Suddenly she straightened up and threw her head back sending her blond mane like a wild cascade backwards as she let out a sharp shriek that marked the end of her uncontrolled eruption. Mary could hear the girl gulp as she received a final squirt.
Aoooooohhhhh!!!!!
The woman&#8217;s pelvis worked like crazy, mashing the girl&#8217;s nose to pieces as she grind down senselessly in the throes of her heart-bursting climax. The vocal tribute was ear-shattering, and Mary instinctively lifted an arm for protection as her friend cracked off more wildly than she had ever seen before.
Yeeesssss doooooo
Mary could hear some throaty gurgles from the girl underneath as well, a mixture of joyous squeals and frightened wimps. The girl&#8217;s legs continued sprawling all over the bed behind them, and Mary suspected she had another of her own intense orgasms from the sheer effect of her mistress&#8217; violent spectacle. Still she never took her hands away from Angela&#8217;s hips, holding her in position for all she was worth in order to keep her tongue exactly at the right spots all throughout the crazed ride. 
It took another minute of violent jerks and trembling before the cramps slowly waned and Angela could start catching up on her breathing. Now it was her turn to sag and then fall forward like a sack of potatoes and lay lifeless after the mind-buggering discharge of energy.
Linda still twitched and trembled as her face was freed of its delightful burden, letting out small groans and squeals as the glowing stings of ecstasy pulsed throughout her body. Rubbing her thighs against each other she tried to get as much out of her second orgasm as she could, hopefully without being noticed by her two mistresses. Her soaked face quickly got cold and sticky and she desperately wanted to grab one of the towels to clean up properly before she did anything else. It had to be done very carefully though, in order for her ladies not to feel that she was eager to wipe them off her face. Gently she let her right arm slide along the sheets in search for a towel.
I see you dear, Mary sang mockingly as she instantly understood what she was after. Don&#8217;t you ever think that you&#8217;re through yet my sweet little darling
Linda blinked her eyes to clear her vision and turned her head over the direction of the well-known voice. A thick strand of sticky cum seeped out of the corner of her mouth and mixed with the tangy liquid already smearing up her cheeks. She made a fruitless effort to capture it with a long tongue sweep, then was unable to resist the urge to drag her cheek against the soft surface of the towel that happened to be right under her head. She was already caught in the act after all.
I &#8211; I wouldn&#8217;t want to be, Linda gulped out as her breathing got caught in a glob if cum still drenching her raw tongue.
Of course not darling, Mary smiled meekly. You know I&#8217;m just teasing you.
Linda groaned. With at least one half of her face cleaned a little bit, she felt a bit better and blinked her eyes again to focus. Mary was on her back the way she had ended up when she rolled away. Her legs were invitingly spread and her drenched pussy still a feast for the eyes as the satisfied pussy lips seemed to throw her a juicy kiss of love and desire. Would her beloved mistress be able to reach yet another ecstasy after what she had endured so far? Angela definitely seemed to have had enough, and her regular, deep breathing indicated that she was already drifting into sleep.
The discomfort came over her again, still not sickening but making her head spin in an almost uncontrollable way. If she wouldn&#8217;t be laying already she would never be able to stay on her feet, that&#8217;s for sure. Still she resolutely moved to crawl her way in between her mistress&#8217; thighs to try to keep up her level of service as long as they could take it, just as she had promised herself.
The pubic bone and the stray bush of sweet pubic curls bounced at her nose as she was suddenly there, and she enjoyed the wonderful sound of a passionate gasp as she split the juicy pussy lips with her tongue. She managed to take a few deep licks all along the furry of the slit before the dizziness came over her again. This time worse than ever. Once again she closed her eyes hard to try to control it. As she glimpsed up she could see her mistress&#8217; head sink back and her huge tits rise to a deep sigh. Then everything got grey and blurry, and then finally darkness came and carried her away to a gentle place of rest and recovery.
Sometimes during the night she vaguely noticed her face loosing contact with the stray bush of pubic hair as her mistress rolled over in her sleep. Her head slipped softly down on the warm sheet that the wonderful body had covered. Some kind of drive deep inside told her she should try to find her way back again, but then she drifted away into blissful oblivion and immediately indulged languorously into a wonderful world of warm bodies and silky skin
As Linda finally surfaced back to consciousness the next morning, her tongue was raw and her jaws ached terribly. Gradually the sounds of voices and scrambling of cutlery reached into her clouded mind, and she realized she must have overslept dramatically. Her two mistresses were laying the table and preparing breakfast with coffee and juice as they chatted stifled and relaxed. Both of them were wearing their robes, and both had their hair wrapped up in huge towels, indicating to Linda that they even had had time to take their morning showers as she still remained dead to this world.
She lifted her head and yawned, trying to get used to the intensive light cascading into the room through the fluttering curtains of the huge terrace door. But even a yawn was almost impossible to do properly as the soreness quickly transformed to numbing pain as soon as she tried to open wide.
None of the ladies seemed to notice her until Angela finally threw a glimpse her direction.
Well good morning you little sleepy-head; we thought we wouldn&#8217;t see your beautiful little eyes until sometimes this afternoon! How do you feel?
Uh good Linda felt her jaws aching even worse as she tried to speak, and her swollen tongue made the words almost unrecognisable. She took a deep breath before she repeated, good
The two ladies chuckled knowingly. As Linda worked herself up to sit on the edge of the bed, Angela strode over to her, opening her robe and lying her pubic curls bare right in front of the girl&#8217;s nose. A little good morning- welcome to you my dear, she gleed, letting the girl plant a light kiss on her pubic mound.
You did wonderfully last night my dear completely out of this world. You&#8217;re one of a kind, that&#8217;s for sure! You should be very proud of yourself.
Mary smiled. Indeed! A performance definitely statistically significant. Even with a student&#8217;s T!
Whatever you say.
They finished the table and asked the drowsy youngster to join them as they sat down. Both ladies dug in with great appetite, catching up on their nutrition after last night&#8217;s major outload of energy. As they looked over at Linda, more giggling broke out. The girl really had problems chewing the toast, and continued making funny grimaces to try to accommodate her jaws and tongue in order to get something down at all. Her mouth was also completely dry, and she poured down a couple of glasses of juice before she was able to sink her first bite of toast.
Mary reached out to stoke her lock with warm affection written all over her face. I don&#8217;t think any of us anticipated a day like this the time we first met in that cafeteria at Sandy Bay Mall, she smiled rhetorically, gently massaging her lover&#8217;s aching jaw with the point of a finger. I hope &#8211; and think &#8211; that you really got what you bargained for!
Linda made some more jaw gymnastics to down another peace of toast, and then had to join in the amicable laughter of her two mistresses.
I certainly did. And I&#8217;ve loved every minute of it. Every minute! The girl got serious as she continued. I&#8217;ve never been so happy in my life.
Her mistress leaned over and embraced her warmly. Linda leaned in to her chest and could hear the steady heart beets through the soft robe. Again love and awe filled her and she knew she could do anything for this wonderful woman. Anything at all. Still her feelings were somehow slightly different after angela had been brought into the game. More relaxed perhaps? She was more focused on what she could do to please, maybe a slightly more physical love than what she had felt in the beginning? Still, Mary was the lady of her life, and she knew she was lost and gone to anything else as long as she could be with her. And she felt that Mary had noticed and understood, and that was the important thing. Right now and in the future.
Mary sighed. I cannot imagine what it will be like to get back and see Eric and Jim and the others again after all of this.
Her friend rolled her eyes in frustration. My dear, they are still many days away, an eternity the way we live now. Eternity!
I know, I know. But, there&#8217;s no telling what they may have messed up while I&#8217;ve been away.
Angela was serious for a moment before she responded. &#8217;Well, maybe this has given you given us a slightly different perspective of things, after all.
Mary had to look one extra time at her friend. That was some statement coming from Angela Landon, the woman who would gladly walk over the King of Aragon with her bare feet to forward her career. Well well well. Miracles still happen, apparently.
I mean If they messed up, there&#8217;s time to straighten it up, right?
Mary&#8217;s jaw dropped. Yes well yes; yes it is. Always is it&#8217;s just that
You wouldn&#8217;t expect to hear that from me? Angela laughed wholeheartedly. Well, perhaps I really did learn some new values of life during my stay here. Is that so surprising?
Mary smiled. What could she say? Maybe it was the power of Linda&#8217;s extraordinary performance after all? Maybe she just didn&#8217;t understand what a mighty emotional force she had created? Or maybe Angela understood it better than herself?
Anyway, her colleagues from back at the office seemed a thousand miles and hundred years lost and gone, and it was like the three of them had been down here together for ages. Incredible just what a difference sex and love can make.
Mary turned to Angela and put her hand on her shoulder.
 So, you see what just a little ad can do for your life. If you could get one of your own, I&#8217;d love to bring Linda along and come with you down here again. I have a feeling that the two of us might be a little too much to handle for only one girl. She smiled coyly throwing a quick side-glance over in Linda&#8217;s direction. What do you think about that?
Oh yes, darling, that would be just lovely, Angela responded eagerly. To tell you the truth, I&#8217;ve already written the text for my ad. It&#8217;s going on print first thing back in the office. You talked me into it you know - like sister to sister. Isn&#8217;t it just marvellous what good oral communication can do?

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tantala


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





