BDSM Library - Internet, Its Your Problem




Internet, Its Your Problem
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A case of mistaken on line identity.Copyright, kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 Another story by Pagan.   
    The Internet, that's her problem.   
"Don't hog the mirror," the tanned blond girl pouted towards the
      glass for the benefit of the watching girls, "You're in no need of it you,
      you ugly four eyed pig."   
Another girl joined in giggling, "With a face like yours you'll
      break it."   
The blond haired girl grabbed at the plats and swung the bespectacled
      girl away from the basins making her fall in to the side of the first toilet
      cubical.    
A dark haired girl flicked her ponytail with her fingers, admiring
      it in the mirror, "Thank you Lara, mirrors are for beautiful people," she
      turned, looking down at the stunned girl, "And you little piggy aren't
      in our league."   
The five cheerleaders had used, little piggy, as the tormenting
      name for Jill Martin ever since she had talked to Ted Heaphy, stupidly
      she had let it slip that she had a crush on him, it had been overheard.   
Ted had politely told her he was already seeing some-one but the
      pretty elite cheerleaders, lead by Lara Davis couldn't resist yelling it
      out around the campus every time they bumped in to her, "That little piggy
      should be left alone, that little piggy should stay at home," and so it
      stuck.   
Jill Martin sat in her bedroom, with her home-work done and, as
      usual at that time, her lonely life turned to the computer for comfort,
      she thought to herself, at least chat rooms could be turned off unlike
      her tormentors at school.   
She got a coke and a couple of chocolate bars and settled her self
      down in the swivel chair. The keyboard pressed, the site opened; she put
      in her password, CUP CAKE and waited.   
She browsed through a few messages, which boy bands did she like,
      which film stars, etc then a couple from girls she knew with, how are you?
      I'll be on line at 7, got a lot to tell you about D, she thought to herself,
      its either don't bother and be alone all night or talk on same old, same
      old, with silly girls then, a knew one caught her eye.   
CUP CAKE sounds nice, are you a nice boy or a naughty girl? R   
Some-one new, should she, shouldn't she, where's the harm.   
Girl, and you? C C   
She waited.   
Boy, naughty boy, you didn't say if you were a naughty girl R   
She giggled at his remark, well it made a change from, have you
      read page 14 of Hello mag.   
That's my business and I don't think I should talk to naughty boys.
      C C   
Why not? The other type are so boring. R   
In what way, boring? C C   
They don't say or do anything exciting. R   
What do you do that's exciting? C C   
I think we have to get to know each other better before I share
      my secrets, unless you want to share yours? R   
No those I will keep to myself. C C   
Well that's it then, see you, maybe. R   
She panicked, he was going, she quickly hit the keys.   
How old are you? C C   
How old are you? R   
High school, now you? C C   
2 years since left, didn't do well only sports, football you know,
      fun things. R   
Oh I like sports. C C   
Are you a cheerleader? R   
Could this be her revenge on that bitch Lara Davis, oh how she
      always wanted to be some-one like her.   
Yes. C C   
What color is your uniform? R   
She'd got him back.   
Gold and Purple with gold boots. C C   
Mmmmmm sounds real classy are you real classy you must be to be
      a leader. R   
Well people say I'm quite cute but I don't think so. C C   
I bet you are, cheerleaders always are the best so you must be
      the best. R   
She was giggling at the flattery.   
Thank you, but what about you? C C   
Doing quite well in a small law firm, learning lots and hoping
      to be a lawyer, what are you studying for? R    
She thought of Lara Davis, little miss, look at me I get all the
      grades.   
Economics and Biology. C C   
Wow we are smart, thought so, can always tell the cleaver ones,
      anything else to tell me as I must be going soon? R   
Jill thought quick.   
I will be on line at the same time tomorrow, if you like? C C   
Sounds great, until then. R   
Rod, Robert, Ralph, Randolph what did the R stand for, she'd have
      to make a name, after all they were now friends, and she had a date tomorrow
      like girl and boy friend, who knows what, a hunky sports man and a lawyer,
      she was so excited as she stripped for bed.   
She wanted to sleep but Roy, the name she had chosen, kept materializing
      in her mind. He was tall with a sporty build, clean shaven with a hit of
      shadow, not quite six foot but his smile was adorable, as she thought about
      him her fingers slid over her breast's, her nipples were hard, she began
      to roll them between her fingers.   
The ached for pleasure, so did her pussy. Her right hand slid down
      her body, the fingers running over the mousy brown curly hair in to the
      moist slit, her fingers parted the folds allowing her to rub on the little
      hard bud, as her fingers touched it her back arched in expectant pleasure.   
Her other hand slid down, she could now fully concentrate on her
      wet cunt. The fingers on her left hand holding herself wide open as the
      fingers on her right hand rubbed furiously over the nub of her clit and
      up in to her hole.   
Her legs were now wide open, her heels pushed in to the bed raising
      her hip up to the wet fingers. She bite her lips as her mind filled with
      Roy's big cock breaking her cherry, fucking her, his kind strong face looking
      down on he before it slipped out of view and his mouth fell on her nipples,
      sucking and licking before tenderly kissing all over her creamy breasts.   
Her fingers pushed as far up as she dare, rubbing at her now sloppy
      hole, she had never felt so wet, she fought to keep her voice from squealing,
      she could hear the bed moving, she pushed harder with her heels, her whole
      body now taught, like a bow arched up stopping the bed from moving the
      last thing she wanted was her mother coming up, catching her with her finger's
      stuffed up her sopping wet cunt as she rushed towards her frenzied climax.   
Jill spent the day keeping herself to herself, nothing had to spoil
      it; all that mattered to her was 8pm and the computer screen.   
8.05, 8.10, Jill looked at the message board, a couple of girly
      things but no, suddenly there he was, R for CUP CAKE.   
Hello, thought you weren't coming. C C   
Sorry, late as usual still how are you, had a good day? R   
Yes, busy with friends, thank god no practice today. C C   
Don't you like practice bet you look great in your uniform, tell
      me about your height and the way you fit the uniform. R   
Jill thought and then thought of Lara Davis.   
I'm 5. 7 I suppose you want my measurements, 38, 24, 34, I wear
      my blond hair in a pony tail and that's as far as I'm telling you. C C   
I can see you now, and yes you are cute, do I get a name? R   
Lara Davis. C C   
And what kind of things does Lara Davis like? R   
Jill thought she must make things interesting if she was to keep
      him interested in her.   
Oh I'm a broadminded girl, I like boys. C C   
What do you like about boys, are we getting to the naughty part
      again. R   
As naughty as I like. C C   
Are you kinky, I'll tell you my kinky things if you tell me yours.
      R   
Jill's brain raced, what's kinky, must sound like a girl of the
      world.   
You first. C C   
Oh I like to be masterful and strong when I make love to my woman.
      R   
So a man should be, there's nothing wrong with that. C C   
Sometimes I like to tie them up and make love for hours, my aim
      is to satisfy a girl, what about you, R   
Oh I've read about it, sounds alright. C C   
She was struggling now but it was to late.   
So could you be in to bondage? R   
Yes but I wouldn't have to know about, the surprise would add a
      little spice to it. C C   
God what was she writing, she'd only read about in a silly magazine.   
So if I come to see you unannounced you may be in to a little bondage
      eroticism? R   
Sounds just what I like, I would play up to it, add a bit of excitement
      you know a bit of struggling and moaning so you better know what you are
      doing C C   
Jill laughed at what she was writing.   
But how far would I have to come to see if I'm as good as I say.
      R   
I live at Alston. C C   
Oh that's a far distance from me, what a shame, and I'd bought
      a little present, oh well. R   
Jill could have almost cried.   
Yes that is a shame but we can still talk like this you never know.
      C C   
I would like to send you the present R   
No my parents are a bit old fashioned. C C   
Could I mail you the present, may be to the school if your parents
      wouldn't like you to talk to me. R   
I'll have to think about that. C C   
I'll give you time, talk tomorrow. R   
He was gone. Again she couldn't sleep again her cunt ached to be
      rubbed, again she fingered herself. She imaged him tying her hands gently
      with silk scarves as he massaged her all over. Tenderly tickling her, she,
      unable to stop him as he drove her to heaven.    
Her fingers were now diving into her sloppy hole; stifled grunts
      came for her tight lips as she humped herself in to her hand. She turned
      on to her stomach and fucked her cunt in to her fingers, trapping them
      between her body and the bed until she shuddered to an incredible climax.   
That day she made up her mind, she must keep him talking, having
      him to look forward too made the hell of school bearable and it would be
      8pm before she knew it.   
Hello CUP CAKE. R   
Her heart jumped.   
Hello, how are you today. C C   
Looking forward to your answer. R   
Yes, its Alston Catholic girls and St Augusta boys, Creek Beacon
      Alston. C C   
Must go now some things come up, talk same time tomorrow, my kinky
      CUP CAKE, LOVE. R   
She jumped up and down on the bed, she was so excited, LOVE, LOVE
      he wrote LOVE when suddenly it hit her, it would be addressed to that bitch
      Lara Davis.   
Campus was out and the kids were oblivious to the two middle aged
      men that sat in the red ford, to busy chatting about life to even notice,
      epically the five cheerleaders, dressed in their purple and gold as they
      crossed the road to the boys football field but the two men took extra
      notice of the one in the middle of the crowd; she was a pert blond with
      the pony tail and in big letters emblazed on her back was LARA.   
They watched them, the boys practicing, but the binoculars trained
      on the girls going through their routine, the two men watched, both sets
      of eyes took in every piece of the perfect form prancing in front of them.   
The blond ponytail bobbed around, the front of the uniform jumped
      and swayed as the sports bra did little to control the large, well-formed
      tits.   
Her perfectly shaped long legs bent and sprung, the little ra-ra
      skirt bounced up showing the firm curve of her shapely ass looking very
      desirable, one man nudged the other, "Looks very Kyle Minogue, blond hair
      and in them clinging gold pants."   
From under the binoculars the other mouth curved in to an evil
      grin, "Well she said she was cute."   
For three practice night the men continued their vigil, following
      Lara Davis a few blocks, then waiting a day or two before picking her up
      on route again, changing their vantage point, watching, waiting, never
      being seen until they watched her as she entered her house.   
 Jill sat in her swivel chair and waited by her computer for another
      message from R.   
 The two men took it in turns to eves-drop on the girly chatter
      as they rested between practice sessions. They were either leaning on an
      adjacent tree pretending to be on the phone or laying on the ground close
      by reading a book, different wigs and beards help them melt in to the background,
      nobody noticed them until she thought no-one else was around but he was
      listening.   
A little, highly effected voice rose above the others, "My lord
      I just can't wait until tomorrow. Fathers away to Paris in the morning,
      mothers lunching with that awful Gerard-Phillips woman and I'm going to
      spend all day alone just pampering myself," with a little shriek she announced, "I'm
      going to play sick, I'm skipping lectures."   
Other voices excitedly asked her all sorts of silly girly questions,
      snippets could be heard, like, pedicure and conditioner and nails to do,
      tanners, shaving, the man reading the book smiled as he heard, "I'm really
      going to have to take my body in hand."   
As he got up and walked towards the red car he muttered, "Well
      some-one is."   
The red car sat at the end of the tree lined road, the large white
      and beige house stood amongst the trees, the manicured garden looked almost
      too perfect as its edges hugged the drive.   
The silver convertible slid down the drive, the very attractive
      blond driver looked quickly both ways before accelerating up and past the
      two bearded men, who couldn't help but notice the red glossy lips and the
      sculptured cheek bones of the woman.   
One man said it was a pity the rest of her face was covered by
      the black sunglasses, the other laughed as he said he never got that far
      up, but he did mention that her large chest was almost out of her expensive
      pale green, lace topped blouse, then the beards came off.   
Putting the black ski masks to the top of the small rucksack they
      got out of the car. Slowly with no rush they sauntered down the road, their
      eyes never leaving the white and beige house.   
They knew what they were looking for having seen the house many
      times now and last night they had drawn the screws from the small kitchen
      window, so they knew they were going in.   
For two over weight forty year olds they were agile. A quick tug
      and the window pulled free, first one then the other slipped in pulling
      the window up and back in place as they did, now to find that gorgeously
      perfect young thing, their pray.   
Deftly they padded through the large house, noting all the trappings
      of a wealthy family, obviously on show to impress anybody that called,
      one man whispered, "Eddie, looks like we better hire a van for this little
      lot."   
Eddie just looked, "Take cunt first, take what ever later."   
The main staircase scrolled up from the main hall; quietly they
      took each step avoiding anything that may creak, they reached the landing,
      Leo pointed left. A little noise came from the room at the bottom, it was
      a girl singing and singing badly out of tune.   
They arrived outside the door, there was no keyhole but the handle
      gave, slowly they pushed the door, the singing got louder.   
Eddie waited as the door opened, his eyes stared at the widening
      crack between door and frame; he raised his arm, Leo stopped. She was sat
      on a little fluffy pink stool, her back to him, her blond hair cascaded
      down her back, all she had on was a purple and gold football shirt. He
      could just see past her to the mirror, though the shirt was baggy, the
      front jutted out, just accommodating her fine full breasts.   
A silver band ran across her head, two black pads covered her ears
      as she sang to what ever was playing in them, she was bent forward, the
      purple shirt trapped under her round firm buttocks left nothing to Eddies
      imagination as to the shape of things to come.    
She stared in to the mirror; her shapely tanned legs, crossed at
      the knee, showed the thick strong muscles of her thighs as they disappeared
      under the folds of the shirt. Her eyes squinted as she plucked at her eyebrows,
      her mouth moving in weird ways got Eddie going, he saw her delightful pink
      tongue, in his minds eye it was tickling the end of his now very rigid
      cock.   
Eddie turned and nodded, Leo took the little bottle from the rucksack
      and the thick square of cloth, another nod and the liquid was emptied on
      to the cloth, the rucksack dropped to the floor, the ski masks pulled down
      over their faces, a last check through the crack and the door burst open.   
Lara never saw them until the blur in the mirror made her drop
      the tweezers; her head only managed to turn slightly before the cloth slammed
      across her nose and mouth, instinctively her hand went to her mouth, before
      they had chance to touch the cloth Eddie grabbed them and held tight.   
Both men grinned at her in the mirror as they watched the fumes
      do their job; slowly the fight went out of the girl. Her eyes, at first
      wide with fear were now drooping towards unconsciousness; Eddie felt her
      arms go limp, he let them drop to her side as he bent and whispered, "Hello
      Cup Cake," he put his hand round and squeezed her left breast, "Surprised
      enough?"   
"Up two three," they lifted the unconscious beauty up and carried
      her to the bed. Leo looked at the bed, "This is some bed, and real mahogany
      I bet." The large double bed had a brown and chocolate cover, from each
      corner rose a four-foot post, black lacquered mahogany, tapered to a small
      ornate gold colored ball perched on the top. Eddie stopped admiring the
      bed and grabbed the bottom of the shirt and dragged it up. The most perfect
      slit he had ever seen showed itself between the partly open thighs.   
The trimmed hair, almost a pencil line slid from the top of the
      slit for about three inches, she had obviously just shaved, her toned flat
      stomach showed a little talc from her bath especially around her button.   
Eddie pulled further up, as Leo dragged her arms up and over her
      head so Eddie did with the shirt; her breasts rose fat and firm, the nipples
      were like organ stops. Leo stood gazing at the beauty, "You can see why
      she popular with the boys," Eddie sniggered, "Will she be as popular when
      we've had some fun with her?"    
Eddie went back to the door and retrieved the rucksack; Leo grabbed
      her ankles allowing Eddie to clip on the two straps, then he fitted the
      four-inch link rod that locked them together. They rolled her over and
      dragged her arms behind her; the same type of equipment locked her wrists
      behind her.   
Eddie bunched her hair up as Leo tied a cord around it making a
      perfect high pony tail of her blond hair, they pulled her wrists half way
      up her back and tied the other end of the cord to the link rod, Eddie delved
      in the bag again.   
Leo held her head up and pressed his thumb on to her chin, her
      full lips parted then her extra white teeth, the black hard rubber ring
      looked ugly as it forced the perfect mouth in to an obscene O. With the
      buckle clipped securely behind her head they let her roll on her back and
      waited.   
Eddie was inspecting the rucksack, checking rolls of duck tape,
      lengths of cord and how much was in the little glass bottle while replacing
      the thick cloth in its air tight bag, Leo tapped his back as the naked,
      bound girl started to move.   
Both men gloated at the panic on her face, her struggling stopped
      short by the way her wrists were connected to her hair, Eddie sucked on
      his teeth as she tried to save the pain of pulling her own hair, she started
      pushing her arms up her back, as he elbows bent up so her large breasts
      pushed out, Leo bent forward and dragged her to a sitting position, her
      tapered waist made them look even bigger.   
Eddie's grin grew wider as he asked her, "So you like a bit of
      bondage, how's it feel?"   
Her blond hair dragging her head back, the tears in her eyes and
      the aagghhhh sounds just made the grin turn in to a laugh.   
"You said I better make it good, I can assure you it will be good
      and it will be bondage with a bonus, you did know the R stood for rapist
      and I have been paying particular interest in you mouth, so shall we begin?"   
The girl could do nothing but sit and wait, she watched as their
      shirts came off then their trousers and pants, ordinarily the great Lara
      Davis would laugh at middle aged men in under shirts and socks, but alone,
      helpless and staring at the two fat long cocks poking out at her she was
      terrified.   
Leo knelt beside her, "Spread your knees, let's see it, lets have
      some fun with it before we drill it." Eddie grabbed her ponytail and pulled
      her face down, holding her head steady he slid his cock through the ring
      and groaned as the warmth of her mouth enfolded his cock head.   
The grin returned as he shoved his cock deep in to her throat,
      he watched his length as it disappeared in to the black ring. Lara fought,
      her body wiggling as she tried to escape the invading meat in her mouth.    
Trying to keep her balance her knees parted, Leo soon had his head
      between them, his tongue sliding out and over the juicy slit, it was a
      joy to shove his tongue hard in to the pink folds, the puffy fat lips folding
      over his tongue as he felt her sweet taste on his own lips.   
She gagged as Eddie started to work her mouth hard, pulling her
      hair painfully forward as he fucked her mouth, his cock working its way
      in to her throat. Leo slavered at her cunt like a dog at a succulent bone,
      his tongue pushing further and further in to her slit, his saliva opening
      her dry hole to his attack.    
Eddie couldn't resist her tits any more, his left hand kept her
      head moving his right hand tweaked at the nipple, his fingers easily gripped
      the long fat bud and made it easy for him to pull and twist them, dragging
      them around, hurting her, pinching the tips, making sure she was in no
      position to refuse the demands he was making on her mouth.   
Harder and harder Eddie rammed her mouth full, she was gagging
      and choking as far as Eddie was concerned that was her problem, his, was
      to empty the condense of his balls down her throat, giving himself maximum
      pleasure while he did.   
Leo continued his assault on the sweet tasting cunt, occasionally
      letting his right hand up to play with some round firm tit, until he felt
      her being moved violently, Eddie groaned as he pleasured himself by filling
      her mouth and throat with hot sticky juice, they both knew they would have
      to give her chance to swallow it before they could start playing with her
      again.    
With her head held back she was chocking Leo shoved her side ways,
      Eddie let her roll on the bed, her head to one side the men could watched
      as Lara gagged out the bubbles of white sticky juice, but they didn't let
      he lay for long.   
Eddie dragged her back up to the sitting position again, "Same
      as usual, you want to fuck her mouth and I'll have some sweet tasting cunt,
      I like a good lick at them before we fill their ass's and cunts, never
      did like cream pie."   
Lara shook her head in panic, her eyes wide at what they intended
      to do to her but all to no avail, quickly Leo grabbed the ponytail firmly
      and dragged her mouth down and on to his cock so her mouth fucking could
      begin again.   
Eddie was soon down between her legs; with Leos tongue giving the
      slit some lubrication his tongue was active very quickly, with his elbows
      pushing at her knees and his fingers pulling the fleshy sides open, he
      was soon forcing her cunt to give up its sweet juice's.   
&nbsp;    
This cunt was exceptionally perfect, maybe Eddie thought, maybe
      even unused so he was really enjoying tonguing the beauty out, after her
      bath and shave she smelt fresh, he knew he could have some fun. Having
      been part of the twosome that had fucked many unwilling cunts he knew how
      hard Leo would fuck Lara's face, being totally helpless she would have
      all on keeping what was between his legs happy to worry about what was
      happening between her own.   
Leo was in his element as his cock thudded in to Lara's throat,
      every so often he would push it as far as he could before yanking the ponytail
      back and forth forcing her throat to jerk him off.   
He continued this viscous assault until he could hold back no longer
      and gripping her head tight to his stomach he unloaded the juice from his
      balls in to her throat.   
The gagging chocking sounds again filled the room, Leo just pushed
      her back and watched the same scene as earlier, her, vomiting cum on to
      her expensive bed cover.   
He looked down at Eddie who was still enjoying eating her out, "What
      do you want first ass or cunt?"   
Eddie looked up, "As I'm already here seems I'll fuck this tasty
      cunt first, then we can roll her, get her up and over that fancy looking
      bed roll and then you can ass rape her."   
Leo nodded, "I'll get the plug and seal for the gag, I want to
      take my time with her and I bet she'll squeal a lot."   
He grabbed his fat cock and waved it in Lara's face, "I bet you'll
      hit a high note when I get this stuck up your ass."   
Both men dragged Lara in to the middle of the bed. Eddie pushed
      his knees between hers, she moaned as the straps on her ankles bit in to
      her flesh, with the bed keeping her head up she had to push her arms painfully
      up her back, her tits stood out like to huge offerings which Eddies hands
      took greedily.   
His finger pulled and twisted at the sore red buds, pulling them
      out and letting go, watching the mounds move and wobble before bending
      and biting at the swollen nipple; his body moved down, nudging at her bound
      legs until he arched his ass up and positioned his cock at the entrance
      to her tight smooth slit. Lara was shaking her head wildly, grunting at
      him but all Eddie did was grin as he watched the head of his rigid cock
      push the folds apart.   
It was now Eddies turn to grunt as the tight moist cunt slowly
      opened to his hard penetrating meat; the aaaggghhh noise's were a delight
      to his perverted mind, the shaking of her body only enflamed him more as
      he watched her magnificent tits sway and bounce under him.   
Eddie kept going, Leo watched his mate slowly defiling the pretty
      girl; Eddie stopped, the grin grew wide, "Saved yourself for me did you
      darling, I didn't know you cared?"    
As Leo swore, "You lucky fucker," Eddie drove threw her cherry,
      a long AAAAHHHHH from behind the gag let him know Eddie had broken her
      in.   
Eddie started pumping at the virgin slit, every stroke made easier
      by the blood and juice up her cunt. Leo slapped his thrusting ass, "And
      I bet her ass is cherry too, sometimes I think there is a God, screw the
      bitch mate go on have yourself a good time, give it to her good."   
Eddie didn't need telling twice his cock hammered in to the defenseless
      girl, each thrust harder and deeper than the last, his ass arched in the
      air as his mouth attacked her nipples.   
Eddie couldn't hold back, fucking Lara was incredible; a beautiful
      girl like her, big tits and the tightest of cunts, bound and gagged and
      unable to stop him fucking her now and as he allready knew, again later.   
Eddie pumped her cunt full, the look of horror on her face as she
      felt his cum flood her womb, he laughed, "Whops, not on the pill sweetheart,
      never mind we can make beautiful babies."   
Still laughing he helped Leo maneuver her over the bedroll, her
      ass stuck up and neither men could resist belting the firm round globes;
      both using their hands until her squeals were nothing more than pitiful
      whimpers.   
Eddie still happy from fucking her laughed at the dozens of red
      hand marks covering her once pale buttocks, "Now that's what I call looking
      at our handy work."   
A good spanking always turned Leo on. He grabbed the black plug
      and jammed it in to her mouth, three strips of gray tape sealed Lara's
      mouth then he took no time in positioning himself behind her, the shrill,
      now muffled squeals soon came back as his fat cock end forced itself up
      and in to her puckered pink entrance.   
"Come on bitch relax it, I'm going to have your ass whether you
      like it or not," But she held tight, clenching her ass muscles against
      the invading meat. Eddie moved and came back with her face cream. Leo moved
      back, took a finger full and to the sound of muffled moans, shoved it hard
      up her ass, then a second before a third lot was rammed up using two fingers.
      As he rubbed some over his cock end, he slapped her buttock again, "As
      I said whether you like it or not," he shoved hard, this time the entrance
      couldn't hold, it slipped in and he wasn't gentle.   
It was a vicious ass rape; he thumped it up her, no mercy, no feelings
      except the tight excitement of her virgin ass clinging to his cock. Lovely,
      mph, mph, mph, sounds filled the room as he worked at her, his hands coming
      round and grabbing handful's of her tits to drag himself harder in to her.   
He must have knelt behind, fucking her ass for a full ten minutes
      before he suddenly went rigid and pumped her bowels full of hot juice;
      his mouth showed a satisfied smirk as it grinned out from the mask. Slapping
      her ass again he got off, both men watched as juice leaked out of her abused
      holes.   
Eddie smiled at him, "Your cock need a wash?" Leo looked down and
      the streaked thick meat, "Guess so."   
Dragging Lara off the roll they turned her on her back again, then
      positioned her head over the end of the bed, the rope forcing her head
      back made it easy for them as they ripped off the tape and removed the
      plug. Eddie was the first to stand, his legs either side of her head, then
      he bent, his head hovered over her cunt, then his left hand took his cock
      and he shoved it through the ring gag, filling her mouth with dried blood
      and cum, then as he felt her tongue making futile attempts to dislodge
      it he went to work on her cunt again.   
Her cunt tasted different but he knew it was his cum, he really
      enjoyed it and of course the excitement was enhanced by the work her little
      pink tongue was being forced to do as he worked on squirting some more
      juice in to her body.   
It wasn't a lot of cum this time but just as enjoyable as he took
      it out and slapped it over her tear stained face before changing places
      letting Leos filthy cock get the warm mouth treatment; he fucked her mouth
      for a little longer and dumped more juice in her, he pulled out and watched
      as some of his filth bubbled out of her nose. It was then that both men
      decided to have a little break, maybe a smoke and find some drink. They
      put on the thin white gloves and went looking.   
Lara fought and squirmed on the bed her pain racked body trying
      to release itself but these bounds were a specialty, made to keep females
      helpless and the more she struggled the more the thick rubber bands bit
      in to her sore flesh. Her head ached from pulling on her arms, her mouth
      was in agony being forced wide open and the pain in her throat from the
      thumping of their cocks made her choke every time she moved.    
She was still squirming around on the bed when she realized she
      was being watched. Leo and Eddie stood admiring the positions she was getting
      in to, they swigged whisky from a bottle as they watched her tits wobbling
      and moving, her cunt opening as her legs tried to lever herself to freedom,
      and her ass hole caked with dried cum kept showing itself and that was
      especially exciting to Leo.   
Leo capped the bottle and put it in the rucksack. Nodding at Eddie
      they both took off their gloves and moved towards the cowering Lara. They
      grabbed her and lifted her off the bed, standing either side of her they
      decided to enjoy some time groping her beautiful body.   
Dragging her ponytail back Eddies tongue dived through the ring
      gag and in to her soft wet mouth. Leo bent and went to work on her tits,
      sucking each nipple in turn while his hand went between her legs, two fingers
      pushed the tight folds apart as a third shoved in to her sore abused hole.   
Eddie's hand soon found her ass and the two of them played with
      the defenseless girl, sucking and prodding her until their cocks started
      to fatten and swell, Eddie took his tongue out of her mouth and licked
      her ear, "Fancy a double ended roasting, I know my mate loves fucking your
      ass and I'm just dieing to get my cock back in your mouth again, what say
      we have you now, just nod if you want us to fuck you."    
Eddie grabbed her ponytail and dragged her head up and down, grinning
      in to the terrified eyes he laughed at her, "Horny and accommodating, just
      like every girl should be."   
Despite silly squeals of protest Lara was soon back over the bed
      roll, her ass in the air and Leo fucking it hard, driving her forward on
      to the cock in her mouth; Eddie, whose hands were guiding her mouth back
      and forth, nodded at Leo as she went up and down his length which was now
      stuck firmly in her throat.   
Both men took their time, stopping, allowing their cocks to slow
      off before banging back in to her again. They had just cum and were in
      the throws of laughing at Lara as she chocked and dribbled out more juice
      on to her now badly stained bed cover when the noise of a car door slamming
      startled them.   
A quick look out of the window confirmed the silver convertible
      was back in the drive, mother was early. Leo grabbed up the rucksack and
      dug out the plug and tape, "Shut her up," the plug flew through the air
      to Eddie's hand. Leo's hand went back in the rucksack and clutched the
      bottle and bag with the cloth in, by the time they heard a woman's voice,
      Lara was squirming on the bed and the two men were either side of the door.   
"That bloody Phillips women, how dare she insinuate my boobs are
      false, Lara, Lara are you still in your room, is my little baby still feeling
      poorly, mummy's coming," the door flew open, " Do you know that blood-------y," she
      stopped.   
That second, that eventful second when a victim stops, your mind
      trying to comprehend the sight of your naked daughter bound and gagged
      squirming on a bed is all it needs, that eventful second when the chloroformed
      rag is over your nose and a masked man thumps you in the stomach.   
Breathing quickly after the thump Lara's mother soon collapsed,
      the fumes overpowering any resistance, Eddie and Leo lay back against the
      wall, the whisky bottle back in their hands.   
"I can see why you didn't get to the glass's, some set of tits
      on her," Eddie nodded, "Some set of everything on her, got the face of
      a fucking supa-model, she's fucking gorgeous."   
Both men scanned her from heel to head, her long shapely legs visible
      all the way up and past her thigh, the way she had fallen, one knee pointed
      out the other leg straight, the light tailored skirt bunched around her
      ass, showing everything of the skin above her stocking tops, the tight
      snug fitting V of her pale green, lace trimmed panties drew a low whistle
      from Leo.   
The blouse Eddie had admired earlier was pulled tight, her tits
      strained at the material, Eddie reiterated, "Some set of tits, bigger than
      the kid but they look just as firm, you can see the size of them nipples
      from here, a maybe that bloody Phillips woman's was right?"   
Leo nudged him, "Only one way to find out."   
As the men moved down towards her mother Lara squealed from the
      bed, they didn't take any notice just bent beside the unconscious woman,
      Eddie flicked away the blond hair from the beautiful face, then stuffed
      his finger in to her mouth, "Oh yes soft and warm, just like a hot bath
      you want to dip your-," Leo stopped him, "No it ain't your toe your want
      to dip in there."   
Leo was pulling at the front of the lace topped blouse, the two
      tanned mounds of flesh pushed from the over filled pale green bra, he laughed, "All
      that meat and no bread, still be a shame not to dip something in there
      too."   
Eddie said, "With a body like this no wonder she got herself a
      rich husband," Leo gripped his hand, "Yes rich, plenty of money, and to
      think we were going to take a few trinkets, but now I have other ideas."   
Leo got up but Eddie still knelt with a puzzled look on his face,
      Leo smiled, "Go have some fun with the yougin for a while, I got a few
      jobs to do."   
She looked terrified as Eddie walked towards her, he leapt on the
      bed beside her and started mauling and sucking her tits. His hand pushed
      between her legs, she tried to keep them shut, Eddie looked up at her,
      his menacing eyes started at her from the black mask, she slowly opened
      her legs.   
"Your learning, now you just lay there while I play with you, I'm
      just going to finger your cunt cause I've already fucked it, no, I want
      to find out why my mate likes fucking your ass so much."   
She moaned but Eddie couldn't have cared less, he went back to
      her large succulent nipples while his hand crooked, forcing fingers up
      inside her cunt.   
Playing with the young beauty soon had him hard again, he slapped
      her tits around and pinched her nipples until reluctantly, she turned over
      on to the bedroll.   
Eddie was happily fucking her ass as Leo came back, he dropped
      three lengths of coiled rope on the floor he had also found another roll
      of duck tape, he got the rucksack and rolled mother on to her front.   
He went to the en-suite bathroom. As he came back he was rolling
      up a pair of soiled white bobby socks, which he stuffed in to mothers mouth,
      one strip of tape crossed one way another crossed the other and two, one
      under the nose and one above the chin sealed them in.   
Her elbows were next, tied tightly together making it easy to tie
      the wrist's. He ran his hand over the back of her thigh before he surprised
      Eddie, who was still buried happily up Lara's ass by pushing the skirt
      down, then he crossed her ankles and tied them tight before dragging them
      and the spare rope up, fastening them to the ropes around her elbow, before
      pulling on each one just to make sure there was no escape.   
He stood up, "Now you ain't going no where, well not with out me
      your not."   
He looked at Eddie, "You done fucking her yet?"   
Eddie grunted, "Just, a, aahh bout to, oohhh yes, god that's a
      tight ass," Leo said, "Right get your dick out of her ass and don't fucking
      argue, just get dressed."    
Leaving Lara laying over the bedroll Eddie and Leo dressed. Leo
      picked up two rolls of tape, "Grab the yougun."   
Following Leo instructions Eddie unclipped the ankle straps and
      lifted her up from the bed, helped by Leo they straddled her across one
      of the bed posts next to the wall, as she felt the gold knob touch her
      cunt she moaned and thrashed but they held her firm.   
Leo grabbed her ankles and wound tape around the post capturing
      her ankles, then the same to her knees, then, with a second roll of tape
      her thighs were strapped on to the post which was now firmly between her
      legs.   
They laid her back on the wall, she groaned and gurgled through
      the gag but all Leo did was ram the bung in and seal her lips.   
"As long as you keep your legs closed, nothing should happen to
      you, but if you relax you'll be in for the biggest fucking you will ever
      have."   
Eddie looked at him, "We gona have some fun with mum now?"   
Leo shook his head, "No we are going to take mum to our favorite
      place," Eddie looked, "Why, not the---," Leo shut him up.   
He moved closer to the stunned Eddie, "We will keep mum until daddy
      parts with 50K then he can have her back," he nudged him in the side, "Maybe
      do him a favor by making her a little more worldly wise in the art of sucking
      cock, that's got to be worth 50K of any bodies money, so go get the car."   
Eddie laughed, "I love the internet, always got bargains, get one
      pussy get another one free," they both laughed as they picked mother up.   
Surprisingly easier than they thought she was in the trunk and
      they were moving towards the river, the way they had left Lara was the
      main reason for their laughter, the way the post was letting her slide
      a little, the gold knob pressing hard on the pink folds, her eyes wide
      with fear as she gripped at the post with her bound knees, but as Leo said,
      that was her problem.   
They had the woman's mobile, a quick call to daddy had got him
      booking a plane, they had given him all the usual warnings but they did
      think the sight that was to greet him in Lara's bedroom might make him
      think, and it was only 50K for returning his wife the way he remembered.   
Three hours later they arrived at the boathouse, a little more
      chloroform had her easily up the stairs and laying on the dusty loft floor.   
Jill Martin stood outside the white and beige house; she rang the
      bell and banged on the door. In the bedroom over looking the front door,
      Lara Davis tried to make sounds through the black plug, fearing any movement
      in her body as the tape around her legs struggled to grip the shiny mahogany.    
Jill was furious, "Have you had a present from my boyfriend Roy?
      Has he given you something? Where are you, if you weren't such a bad mannered
      bitch people would visit you, they'd know they could just walk in but no,
      you keep your ivory tower to yourself, well you can stay there but if I
      find out you have had what I should have had then your in for it, gang
      or no gang."   
Lara tried so hard to make Jill hear but all Lara heard was the
      sound of disappearing footsteps; she squeezed her thighs together as she
      sat precariously on the post.   
The two men sat either side of the bound woman; the old brown chairs
      creaked as they rocked back on the staves. The chairs, a table and the
      old bed were all the furniture in the loft. The sound of the water lapping
      under them was broken by the groans of the stirring woman.   
Leo stood up, and pulled the ski mask out of his pocket, "Time
      to cover up again, I think sleeping beauty will be wanting her kiss."   
The woman stirred again, then she jumped, realization had clicked
      in, she couldn't move, she couldn't speak and she didn't know where she
      was and worst of all, who was with her.   
The two men could see that, her head swung left and right as she
      tried to move, both of them crouched down, Leo grabbed her hair and hauled
      her face up, "Afternoon," he said smiling out from his black mask, "You
      want to be a good girl or a dead girl?"   
She blinked at him her face one of sheer panic; she muffled something
      through the sock gag. Eddie let Leo take control. Leo moved to her side, "Here
      lift her on to the bed, she may as well get accustom to it," the two men
      lifted her again, turned her and lay her on her back on the bed.   
Leo looked at he, he smiled at the way he had tied her; she lay
      just as he wanted her to.   
Her elbows pinned together really pushed her tits out and wide.
      Her ankles crossed and tied forced her knees wide, the little designer
      skirt did little to hide her inner thighs. Her whole body bowed upwards,
      almost offering itself to the two sadistic rapists.   
She was as Eddie had said of supa-model perfection only supa-models
      didn't have big round firm tits but she did.   
Her muffled moans were just perfect, Leo sat beside her, "We will
      take the gag off and you will speak to your husband, understand," she nodded.    
He tore off the tape and pulled out the socks, she coughed, "Water," Leo
      snapped. "Later."   
Eddie tapped out the keys, a mans voice answered, he put the phone
      beside her ear, "Tell him who you are."   
"Hello Darwin, its Rachel."   
"Tell him what is happening."   
"I've been kidnapped."   
"50K and we will contact tomorrow."   
She told him.   
"Tell him when he gets home what he sees could happen to you, only
      worse."   
That frightened her but she told him.   
"Tell him if he does everything right, everything will be alright."   
It was a struggle but she told him, the phone played its silly
      tune and went dead.   
Leo stuffed the socks back in her mouth and put fresh tape over
      it.   
They both moved to the table, Leo had a map, he pointed to a spot, "That
      will be the telephone, that will be the pick up, that will be where we
      leave her, its up to them how we leave her."   
They went back to the bed, Leo sat, "Reckon he'll get the money
      by tomorrow?"   
She nodded.   
"Not to long for you and me to get acquainted then," he put his
      hand on the inside of her knee.   
Rubbing her knee was the first thing then letting his hand slide
      up her inner thigh was next, his fingers touched her soft skin above her
      stocking top, he watched her shudder, "What's up rich bitch, don't like
      my dirty hand touching your high and mighty skin?"   
He bent closer to her face, "Well my little beauty get used to
      it because until you rich ass-hole of a husband pays your ransom you're
      here and ours to play with, just remember your cunt, ass and mouth are
      ours to fuck as we please and as for your tits, you won't believe what
      a painful future I got planned for them."    
As if to show her just how helpless she was he slid his hand up
      the inside of her thigh and cupped her cunt through the pale green panties,
      his fingers digging in until she moved in pain, "Your little baby was a
      good fuck, buggered her ass then made her suck all of it off, bit of a
      bonus her being cherry in all her holes."   
Eddie moved to the other side and joined in the fun. His fingers
      searching out a nipple to pull, "Well we know two were cherry maybe she
      just sucked off the football team."   
Leo was enjoying terrifying the woman, "If she did they didn't
      teach her much, she only just learnt today how to deep throat," Eddie giggled, "And
      choke."    
Leo's fingers started pushing at the edges of the fancy lace trimming,
      he was still grinning at her, "Bet you suck all the way, bet you got a
      throat fit for fucking, is that what got you a rich boy, legs open to get
      his wallet open, really your nothing better than a high class whore, well
      tonight your going to give it away to a couple of, what would people like
      you call us, low life's."   
His finger worked its way inside the panties and slid over her
      slit, "And as I said to your pretty little daughter just before I stuck
      my cock up her ass, whether you like it or not."   
Eddie had found a nipple through the thin bra and was working on
      it, pulling and twisting at it, he stuck his tongue out through the mask
      hole and waggled it at her, "Hope you like a bit of rough, because tied
      up like you are that's what its going to be, I'm gona use you hard and
      rough, your gona squeal like a stuck pig while your stuck on the end of
      my cock."   
Eddie was really squeezing and working on her tits, being a rough
      as he liked, "What's up mummy your daughter talks on the internet about
      being tied up and fucked, she didn't think it would happen but it did,
      so now its your turn to have that problem."   
She moaned as Eddie's fingers started to rip and the blouse, the
      fine material was no match for the brutal hands and ripped easily. Then
      the hands ripped at each of the bra shoulder straps, shredding them before
      he grabbed each cup and pulled down unveiling the two big firm tits, he
      licked his lips at the size of her areola's, like small rose colored saucers
      with a thick long bud growing from the center.   
Leo watched Eddie tickle the exposed nipple as his own fingers
      actively pushing in to the hood, the tip of his fore finger rubbing against
      the bud of her clitoris, his mind racing through the perverted things they
      were going to do to this beautiful woman, raping her every hole and abusing
      her fantastic body and being paid for it.   
Almost 10 am, Leo was laid on the left hand side of the old bed,
      the mobile to his ear; he was waiting for ten to talk to her husband. Rachel
      lay on her side, lower and in the middle of the bed, her head bouncing
      up and down on Leos hard cock, pushing until it was all in, forcing her
      throat to except the filthy meat.   
Eddie was laying behind her, her right leg hung back and over his
      as he fucked her ass, grunting while thrusting his hips forward; his right
      hand over and between her legs as he fingered her cunt. She was unable
      to stop them, her arms twisted and tied up her back, right wrist to left
      elbow, left wrist to right elbow, they were fastened tightly to her body,
      ropes around her upper arms were also wound around both her tits, making
      them jut out fat and hard while pulling them apart, this was the painful
      way she had been tied for the last 15 hours.   
Rachel had stop fighting them, the pain in her tightly bound tits
      testimony to the vicious way they had abused her defenseless body.   
They had used her all night, she was nothing more than their plaything
      both men had this incredibly beautiful woman and were certainly too rampant
      to sleep.    
After Eddie had ripped her bra off, Leo had done the same to her
      panties, she could nothing but lay in that obscene position, her mind told
      her that Darwin would have been looking after Lara and trying to sort out
      the money. She knew he would not risk the police, he was weak and would
      do as they told him so therefore help was not coming, she was there helpless,
      unable to stop what ever these perverts planned to do to her, she was right,
      immediately they saw her magnificent body they attacked her like frenzied
      animals.   
Her torn and ripped designer clothes lay in pieces on the dusty
      floor, she was now naked apart from her laddered stockings. Eddie sat on
      the bottom of the bed, tied the way she was it was easy for his fingers
      to explore the pink open slit between her legs. Leo sat on her chest, her
      arms bound tightly behind her, her tits forced out and his cock now between
      them, he was giggling at her as cock slid up and down between the warm
      soft mounds making her moan behind the gag as he thumped his rigid cock
      head in to her chin as hard as he could.   
It didn't take him long to cum, spurting his cum over her face
      deliberately trying to get it up her nose, her head moved trying to escape
      the torrent of filthy, he laughed at her pathetic attempts as he wiped
      the end of his sticky cock on her fine breasts, "You want to fuck some
      tit, there good and I'm sure the face cream will improve her looks."   
Giggling at their victim the men changed places, Eddie, horny from
      playing with her cunt soon splat his juice over her face degrading her
      by rubbing it in before they got some pieces of designer clothes and wiped
      what was left off.   
Both of them had got rid of a load so they decided to have some
      fun with her and those tits where just begging to be abused, Leo untied
      her legs.   
They dragged her up, she could hardly stand, Leo, still mauling
      her tits said, "You want to sit down for a while?" she nodded.   
He let Eddie have some fun with her tits while he went to the rucksack;
      taking a little packet from it he grabbed the chair and put it behind her.   
He quietly emptied the packet on to the chair, "O K your ladyship
      sit a while," Eddie let her go and she slipped back on to the chair. From
      behind the gag a muffled shrill squeal filled the room, Leo looked at Eddie, "Found
      them while I was searching the house, thought they might be fun," he waved
      the empty tack packet between his fingers.   
She tried to get up but Leo held her, "You have to earn favors
      now, you ain't lady of the house now."   
He held her head and ripped off the tape, then pulled out the socks,
      she crocked at him, "Please, please they hurt."   
Leo just kept on smiling, "I bet they do, so what you want to do
      to stop them hurting, its gona be fun taking them out but first how about
      some really good head?"   
She shook her head, "No, no I can't do that."   
Leo grabbed her a lifted her up only to push her down again, as
      she wasn't gagged any more the scream filled the room, Leo waited until
      it was a sob, "Then you better learn then, we can always spread them on
      the floor and roll these fine tits in them," just to drive home the point
      he grabbed her nipples and twisted hard.   
In between cries and moans Rachel nodded, Leo pulled them towards
      him making her move, the pins doing the rest, "Aaahhh yes, yes alright," Leo
      kept pulling, "Alright what?"   
She moaned, "Alright, yes, aahhhh, alright I'll suck your cock."   
Leo looked down at the bobbing head, he could tell she didn't do
      this for Darwin, but he was determined to have it all down her throat,
      Mrs. High and mighty was going to have his hairs up her nose, the rest
      of it was as he would say, her problem, he held her head and started shoving.    
She gagged, she choked, at one point he thought he'd killed her
      but eventually he filled her throat with his juice. She coughed, gagged,
      vomited until she could breath again, tears streamed down her face. Eddie
      stood there, ripped designer clothes to wipe her face again in one hand,
      his rampant hard cock ready to shove down her throat in the other, he moved
      towards the squealing woman.   
Minutes later the room was once again filled with the sounds of
      choking woman as Eddie fucked her face, that pretty face now squashed flat
      against his stomach as his hairs tickled her nose before her head was dragged
      back and forth until her throat and stomach received another load of male
      juice.   
She had almost forgot the pain in her ass but they hadn't. They
      stood her up and enjoyed taking each thumb tack out of the firm round globes,
      dozens of pin prick holes trickled blood until Leo was stood in front of
      her, waving the packet at her, "Any no I wont's will have me getting these
      out, your ass was the best place for you, inside your cunt or on the end
      of your tits may be less attractive, understand."   
Rachel bit her lip, her eyes filled with fear and hatred just nodded,
      Leo nodded to, "Talking of tits, lets have you tied so as we can use everything
      you have to offer.   
Slapping her face down on the bed, they untied her arms then twisted
      them up behind her, tying her wrists to her elbows, then they dragged her
      up and over to the chair, this time they bent her over the back stave,
      her tits hung over the seat.   
Eddie held her as Leo looped a length of cord around one tit made
      a noose and pulled it tight, then round and round squeezing the big mound
      up and fat the nipple looked about to burst, then the other one until they
      were both tied off around and to her upper arms, Eddie got hold of her
      hair and dragged her up.    
Tears of pain as her breasts throbbed, the blood fighting to move,
      the nipples hard and pointed stood out, Leo squeezed them, she moaned.
      Eddie looked at them, they were huge and pointing slightly left and right,
      the purple veins like a road map over the tanned taught skin he couldn't
      help but join in the squeezing of them, both men ignoring the pathetic
      pleadings of, "No, please stop, no, it hurts," from Rachel.   
Leo grinned at her, "You want me to untie them?" she quickly stammered, "Yes,
      yes please god please it hurts," Leo took a step back, "Then I think we
      will have you on your knees this time."   
Soon the loft echoed to the sound of slurping mouth on hard cock,
      it echoed for about half an hour as both men made her use her mouth on
      them, a few minutes on one then on to the other with the occasional visit
      to each mans balls, groans of male pleasure now filled the room as the
      society beauty was humiliated into kissing up and down these two perverts
      stinking cocks.   
Her head was bent as she spat out the juice that hadn't been forced
      in to her stomach, then she whinsed as they dragged her up, "Will you untie
      my, my, could you take the ropes off," Leo laughed, "Go on say it."   
She started sobbing again as she blubbered out, "Will you untie
      my tits now please," Leo squeezed the huge globes, "I said after some good
      head, I didn't say which good head and that was just fair head, besides
      while they are all fat and hard I want to play with them and as for them
      nips they are just made for my mouth."   
They threw her down in the middle of the old bed and lay each side
      of her, her tits were their main attraction, sucking at the long, thick
      really hard nipples while hands spent their time pumping at the fat flesh,
      of course every so often fingers would be between her legs, or her mouth
      would be forced to kiss and tongue one of them, she just hoped they would
      get bored with her and sleep.   
Sleep was the last thing they did, they had both decided to use
      her all the time they had her, fucking her cunt and ass was their priority
      which they did several times between letting her mouth keep them hard.
      Then there was the five times they both took her at the same time, ass
      and cunt, ass and mouth, and cunt and mouth.   
They enjoyed giving her several spanking sessions just to keep
      her mouth active.   
10 am he hit the number and male voice just said, "Yes."   
Leo grinned, "You got the money?"   
Another, "Yes, is she alright?"   
Leo said, "I will give you instruction, then you will speak to
      her, she will tell you what she is doing, that should make sure you do
      as your told, if you don't, just remember your pole dancing daughter."   
Leo told him the phone booth and the time then he put the phone
      to Rachel's ear, "Darwin?"   
"Yes, yes, I'm here,"   
"Do as they say, please just do it, get me out of here."   
Leo looked at her, "Tell him, you know what to say," the cold stare
      from behind the mask was all it needed.   
"I'm naked, I'm tied up, my tits are tied tight and they hurt,
      and I'm sucking one mans cock while another is fucking my ass, aaaahhh
      and he's fingering my cunt, they will, aaahh release me as soon as you
      deliver," she carried on the well rehearsed speech, "But as you now know
      that's not until 2pm as they want to fuck me for the rest of the morning,
      please remember while your sitting at home what they are doing to me this
      morning so don't do anything stupid and I will see you later," Leo looked
      hard at her, "Oh and yes darling they have taught me how to suck cock really
      well and I will suck you off anytime you want."   
Leo pulled the phone away, switched it off and rammed her head
      back down on his cock.   
The delivery went well. Both men had enjoyed a few more hours of
      abusing and fucking the society well to do before bundling her back in
      to the boot and driving her to the hut in the middle of a wood they had
      known as kids.   
They had her blindfolded, and gagged, her wrists tied behind her
      and her feet and knees tied tight She moaned as they sat her, still naked
      on the little chair they had brought, fastening a rope from her ankles
      under the chair to her wrists they made sure she couldn't move. They both
      had a last squeeze of her bruised tits, the marks from the ropes looked
      red against the tanned mounds, leaving her they moved back out and sneaked
      along the track back to their car and the money.   
They hadn't got 20 yds when they heard footsteps; they dropped
      to the ground, Eddie whispered, "I thought he wasn't going to be here for
      another three hours, time for us to be long gone?"   
Leo looked up, he nodded for Eddie to do the same, coming down
      the other path were five stinking hobos.   
They heard the filthy one in the middle shout at two others, they
      were obviously drunk, "Who's got the rest of the fucking booze, you better
      not of fucking lost it, that were two fucking good bottles I nicked and
      we want them when we get to the hut, its just around that hedge."   
&nbsp;    
They let them pass before they got up, they moved swiftly away,
      Leo laughed, "She thought we were rough and filthy, boy has she got three
      hours to find out what low life really means, do you think we should go
      back, I reckon their gona rape the shit out of her?"   
They heard shouts and drunken yells.   
Eddie laughed, "Don't think there's any point now besides, that's
      her problem." 
They sprinted for the car.   
Pagan. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





