BDSM Library - Evil Twins




Evil Twins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Diana and her twin brother swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh and then blackmail Daddy.The Evil Twins  
Diana Fox and her twin brother Peter lay head to toe in her large bed. It
  is a typical Saturday morning and Diana is sprawled over her brother with his
  cock buried deep in her mouth. Similarly, Peter's tongue is buried in his sisters
  pussy. The only sounds are the muffled moans and slurps of the seventeen year-olds.
  As he laps at his sister's cunt lips, Peter grips a cheek of her tight bum
  in each hand and separates them, revealing the tight bud of Diana's asshole.
  He forces the middle finger of his right hand into her ass and Diana reacts
  by sucking and chewing gently on Peter's cock with greater enthusiasm. Suddenly,
  her brother's sperm floods her mouth. The hot cock cream triggers her own orgasm
  and Peter's mouth is soaked with his sister's cunt juice. Brother and sister
  eagerly swallow the oily products of their lust.  
Sated for the moment, the pair climb out of bed. As is the nature of most
  teenaged girls, Diana goes over to her full-length mirror to admire herself.
  Her brother stands beside her. As always, she marvels at how physically dissimilar
  she and her twin brother are. She knows that she is as attractive as he is
  repulsive. The only physical characteristics they share are coal-black hair
  and icy-blue eyes. Diana is five feet seven. While that is relatively tall
  for a girl, her brother towers over her by a good eight inches. Peter admires
  his sister's reflection. She has a heart shaped face with widely spaced eyes,
  a full mouth with pouting lips and a small straight nose. A dimpled chin complements
  her beautiful face. Diana looks at her brother's reflection in the mirror and
  smiles mischievously. As he stares back at her, she parts her lips slightly
  and allows a thin rivulet of sperm to leak out of the corner of her mouth.
  It rolls down the side of her chin and dangles briefly before dropping onto
  the pink tip of her left breast. Her smile widens when she sees her brother's
  cock jerk in reaction. For the thousandth time, she thinks to herself that
  the only attractive thing about her brother is his cock. She moves closer to
  him so that he drapes his arm around her shoulders. She takes his cock in her
  hand and begins to stroke it.  
As Peter gazes at his beautiful sister in the mirror, he remembers the first
  time they screwed -- a day that changed their lives&hellip;.  
It was the morning of their fourteenth birthday. Being Sunday, he had been
  sleeping late. Diana quietly crept into his room. She didn't want to wake their
  father, although she knew that he was probably in a drunken stupor from a dinner
  party he had attended the night before. She slowly pulled back his blankets.
  Her brother slept in the nude. He was lying on his back and, like most boys
  of that age, had a raging hard on. Diana grinned and got onto the bed. She
  was wearing a flannel nightgown. She hiked up the gown and knelt, straddling
  her brother's legs. Diana had never seen an erect cock before except in the
  porno movies her father thought he had so cleverly hidden. The girl gently
  grabbed the shaft of her brother's cock and gave it a squeeze. Peter woke up
  and gazed at his sister in astonishment.  
"Happy birthday, Brother Dear," she whispered. "I thought I'd give you your
  present early."  
Peter lay mesmerized as Diana let go of his cock and lifted her nightgown
  over her head. Ever since they turned twelve, Peter had tried to imagine what
  his pubescent sibling looked like naked. He smiled as reality surpassed his
  imagination. His sister's breasts stood out proudly on her chest. Still developing,
  they were hard and cone shaped and tipped with sharp, pink nipples. Peter ran
  his eyes down her flat abdomen to her pussy. Diana's plump, smooth cunt was
  unadorned with pubic hair. She had been shaving her cunt hair since it first
  began growing two years before. His sister's thick clitoris peaked out from
  between the top junction of the fleshy petals of her cunt.  
Diana bent over and looked closely at her brother's engorged cock. It was
  over eight inches long and an inch and a half in diameter. Aroused, it was
  an angry red. Diana's face was so close to the tip that she could feel heat
  radiating from the silk-smooth skin of his plum-shaped glans. The girl always
  plaited her long black hair in two braids every evening to prevent her hair
  from tangling while she slept. As she inspected her brother's dick, her braids
  hung over her shoulders, tickling the skin of his hips. Diana pursed her pillowy
  lips and blew softly on the end of his engorged dong. A shudder of pleasure
  ran through his body and a clear drop of pre-cum oozed out of the slit at the
  tip of his organ. Like most young teenaged girls, Diana's lips were always
  dry due to an addiction to lip balm. She smiled and gently touched the end
  of her brother's cock with one finger, wetting its tip with the cock juice.
  She brought her finger to her mouth and rubbed the hot liquid over her lips
  until they glistened wetly. The sight of his juice on her lips was too much
  for the horny boy. Untouched by human hands, it erupted, shooting thick wads
  of sperm into the air. A large dollop hit Diana on her cheek just below her
  right eye. More cum fell back onto his legs and abdomen. After he had cum,
  he looked sheepishly at his sister.  
"Wow!" she exclaimed. "Was that ever neat!"  
"I'm sorry, Di," said Peter. "You got me so excited I just shot my wad."  
Diana wiped the cum off her cheek with her finger. She put the finger in
  her mouth and sucked off her brother's spunk. "Don't worry, Pete," she smiled. "My
  girlfriends say that one of the good things about teenaged boys is how fast
  they can get it up again." She bent across his deflated cock and licked up
  the sperm on his belly. She took his cock in her hand and lay it on his abdomen
  so that its tip was pointing at his chin. Holding it in place with her forefingers,
  she ran her tongue from his bellybutton down his body. He gasped when her hot
  tongue touched his cock head. He watched as his beautiful sister ran her hot
  pink tongue down the underside of his cock shaft. It was beginning to swell.
  The fourteen year-old virgin jammed her tongue into the fold of flesh where
  her brother's scrotum met the base of his cock. She opened her mouth and took
  his left ball into its warm, wetness. She looked directly into Peter's eyes
  as she gently sucked first the left ball then the right. The sight alone almost
  made him cum. Peter groaned loudly when Diana released his balls and ran her
  tongue down the crack of his ass and licked his asshole. She then returned
  to suck his balls again. During this delicious torment, she had continued to
  hold his cock along his belly with her forefingers. When she released it, it
  sprang erect with such force that it whacked her in the nose. She laughed and
  sat up. This time, Diana moved quickly. She knelt on the bed, straddling his
  hips and grabbed his cock in her left hand. She used two fingers of her other
  hand to push open the lips of her pussy. The beautiful fourteen year-old lowered
  herself until her brother's cock head was nestled in the warm pocket of her
  cunt. She looked him in the eye and slid down his cock. She cried out softly
  as her twin's fleshy battering ram pushed open the tight channel of her vagina
  and tore through her hymen. Diana cried out in pain but continued to slide
  down her brother's cock shaft until all eight inches were buried in her cunt.
  She bounced up and down on Peter's pole. The lad reached up and captured his
  sisters breasts in his rough hands. Her sharp nipples dug into his palms. Despite
  their intention to be quiet, Diana began to moan while her brother grunted
  loudly. The twins came simultaneously. Peter flooded his sister's love channel
  with hot cock snot. She soaked his hips with her cunt juice. She then fell
  forward onto her brother. Her tits pushed into his belly, her head rested just
  under his chin. They did not move. Diana clenched the muscles of her cunt,
  trapping her brother's cock in her wonderfully tight love channel. The sperm
  that leaked from her pussy was tinged pink with her virgin blood.  
"Happy birthday," Diana softly whispered.  
"Happy birthday," her brother responded hoarsely.  
Suddenly the bedroom door flew open. Before they could move, their father
  burst into the room. Jonathan Fox was the vice president of a large insurance
  company. He had been forty-five years old when Peter and Diana were born. Their
  mother died when they were ten. Jonathan Fox wasted little time mourning and
  married Mary, his "personal assistant" a month after his wife's funeral. Mary
  was only twenty-two when she replaced their mother.  
"What the hell is this?!" stormed their father. He stood in the middle of
  the bedroom. He wore only striped cotton pajamas. He stared at his son's cock
  imbedded in his daughter's pussy. "Are you both insane?"  
Diana calmly sat up and dismounted her brother. Still naked, she stood up
  to face her father. She ignored her brother's sperm as it rolled down the inside
  of her thighs.  
"Calm down, Daddy," she said softly.  
"Calm down?! Calm down?!" he shouted. How can I calm down when I walk into
  a room and find my children fucking?! You filthy slut!" Mr Fox backhanded his
  daughter across the face.  
Peter hopped out of bed and crouched on the floor, assisting his sister to
  her feet. Diana's lip had been split by her father's blow. The naked twins
  stood shoulder to shoulder facing their father. "Dad," Peter said evenly. "If
  you ever hit Di again, I'll kill you." This is no idle threat as even at fourteen,
  Peter Fox was three inches taller and thirty pounds heavier than is father.  
Jonathan Fox ignored his son and concentrated on Diana. "How can you do this?" he
  asked. "My God! Your own brother." Try as he might, he had great difficulty
  keeping eye contact with his gorgeous daughter. His eyes kept dipping down
  to feast on the sight of her naked body. Sensing his difficulty, Diana arched
  her back, pushing out her breasts. She widened her stance, causing her cunt
  lips to open slightly.  
"Goddamit!!" shouted Fox. "Cover yourself!"  
Diana broke into an evil grin. In his fury, her father didn't realize that
  the fly of his pajamas had gaped open. He daughter could clearly see that his
  cock had hardened.  
"Gee Daddy," she said innocently. "Your cock doesn't seem to object to my
  nakedness."  
Before he could respond, Diana said to her brother, "Grab him!"  
Moving with an agility that belied his size, Peter seized his father from
  behind. The youth had been a star of the high school wrestling team and easily
  put his father in a half nelson, pinning his arms.  
"Drag him over to the chair," ordered Diana.  
Peter wrestled his father over to a wooden chair that Diana had pulled from
  a corner of the room. Working together, they forced their father to sit down.
  Using belts from Peter's bathrobes and a couple of electrical extension cords,
  they bound their father to the chair. Brother and sister stood in front of
  their father, admiring their work. Jonathan Fox was trussed tightly onto the
  chair. His ankles were tied to its front legs.  
"Let me go!" ordered their enraged father. "By God, when this is over you'll
  both pay for this!"  
Ignoring his raving, Diana reached into her father's pajama bottoms and pulled
  out his cock.  
"My, my, Daddy," she purred as she knelt down and stroked his engorged member. "Despite
  all your shouting, part of you is quite happy to be here." She smiled at her
  brother and continued. "You interrupted us before I had a chance to suck Peter's
  cock. Since you're a man of vast experience, I would love it if you could coach
  me." She made a quarter turn on her knees called her brother over. Peter stood
  in front of her.  
"Tell me Daddy," she said in a "little-girl" voice. "If I'm doing this properly."  
"Diana," her father responded. "Please don't do this. It isn't right."  
The naked girl ignored her father and grabbed the base of her brother's cock
  in her right hand. She opened her mouth slightly and leaned forward. Peter
  gasped when the large glans of his cock made contact with the silky ring of
  his sister's lips. Diana began sucking and soon her brother's cock head was
  resting on her hot moist tongue.  
She leaned back and Peter's cock popped out of her mouth.  
"Ya know, Daddy," she said. "Peter's cock is both soft and hard at the same
  time. Sort of like an iron rod covered in soft leather. It tastes kind of salty."  
"Diana, Peter" Jonathan Fox begged. "Please stop. You both must be ill. Let
  me go and I'll make sure you get counseling."  
"Counseling, Daddy?" The only counseling I need right now is advice on the
  best way to suck dick. Too bad Mary's spending the weekend at a spa. If she
  were home, I'm sure she could give me some pointers. After all, she started
  sucking your dick before mother died."  
Jonathan Fox's face turned red. "Diana, leave your stepmother out of this."  
Impatient, Peter said, "Come on Di. Start sucking."  
Like a good little girl, Diana bent to her task. Again, she wrapped her lips
  around her brother's dick and sucked hard. Peter took hold of her braids and
  pulled her head onto his cock. She gagged when the tip of his pecker hit the
  back of her throat. Diana pulled her head back. For a second, a sticky string
  of slime connected her lower lip to her brother's penis. Smiling, she took
  the pecker into the warm confines of her mouth a third time. This time she
  noisily moved her head back and forth along Peter's cock shaft.  
Peter looked down at his father. Mr Fox was gazing in rapt fascination at
  the sight of his precious daughter. The beautiful naked teen was on her knees
  only a foot or two in front of him. Despite himself he could not but admire
  the girl's pert breasts, tipped with hard nipples or the way her tight bum
  swelled so provocatively. But the image that made his cock tremble was the
  sight of his son's fleshy pole pistoning in and out of his daughter's pretty
  face. As she sucked, drool ran from her mouth onto the floor of the bedroom.
  Soon Mr Fox's cock was leaking pre-cum onto the seat of the wooden chair to
  which he was bound. Suddenly Peter shouted out and began to cum in his sister's
  mouth. Diana's cheeks swelled as she tried to take the whole load in her mouth.
  After what seemed like a full minute of spasms, Peter was spent. His sister
  carefully let his dick drop from her mouth. Staying on her knees, she turned
  to look up at her father. She opened her mouth so that he could see the large
  pool of yellow-white sperm that bathed her tongue. Her back molars were completely
  submerged in the thick cock snot. She closed her mouth and scooted closer to
  her dad. She stood up and went to her father's side. Grabbing a handful of
  his sleep-tousled graying hair, she tilted his head back. When he opened his
  mouth to protest, she planted her lips on his and spit her brother's cum into
  her daddy's mouth. Jonathan Fox spluttered and coughed. What he didn't swallow,
  he spat on the floor. While he was coughing and gagging, Diana turned to her
  brother. She asked him to go to Dad's study and get his gun. While Peter was
  gone she took her father's cock in her hand and began stroking it.  
"Stop, Diana," begged the older man. "God, this isn't right. How can you
  be so depraved?"  
Diana looked into his eyes and said, "I've had a good role model, Daddy.
  After all, you could hardly wait until mom was buried before you married that
  slut Mary. And don't tell me you hadn't been fucking her when mom was dying
  of cancer."  
To his horror, revulsion mixed with delight when his teenaged daughter then
  leaned forward and sucked his cock into her mouth. He was protesting weakly
  when his son returned holding his nine millimeter Glock pistol in his hand.  
Diana quickly stood up and approached Peter. Turning to her father and smiling
  sweetly, she said that she and Peter were going to her room to set things up
  and that Peter would come to get him soon.  
Left alone, Mr Fox sat in shocked silence. He struggled briefly but could
  not loosen his bonds. All he did succeed in was tipping the chair over onto
  its side. After about ten minutes, Peter returned carrying the gun. He released
  his father from the chair. He then ordered him to stand up and remove his pajamas.
  Once the older man was standing naked before his son, Peter ordered him to
  walk down the hall to Diana's bedroom. He did as ordered. When he walked through
  the door, he stopped in shocked disbelief.  
Diana was tied spread-eagle to the four posts of her large bed. A pillow
  had been shoved under her ass. Attached to each of her nipples was a spring-loaded
  bulldog clip. Their cold black metal jaws squashed the girl's buds painfully.
  One clip had broken the skin at the base of her left nipple and a rivulet of
  blood oozed down her firm breast.  
As Jonathan Fox stood staring at his bound daughter, his son shoved his gun
  behind his ear and said to play along or he'd happily blow his brains out.
  His father turned to look at his son. He looked into Peter's eyes and was terrified
  at the cold determination that he saw in them. He knew in his guts that his
  son would not hesitate to kill him. He decided to go along with their warped
  little charade and then, once free, arrange for them to get professional help.
  Besides, he thought to himself, how often does one get a chance to fuck a beautiful
  fourteen year old girl. He realized that was turned on by sight of his naked
  daughter splayed out like an animal about to be slaughtered.  
"Get on the bed," Peter whispered, "and put you cock in Diana's mouth. Then
  shove it into her cunt. Follow her lead or I'll kill you. Now go."  
As soon as Peter shoved his father towards the bed, Diana looked at him in
  horror and cried. "Please Daddy, don't do this! It's not right! I'm your daughter."  
Appearing to ignore his daughter's pleas and very aware of the gun pointing
  at his head from the corner of the room, Mr Fox climbed on the bed and straddled
  his daughter's shoulders. "Daughter or not," he said. "My balls are full and
  I'm going to empty them into you. Now suck, you little slut." Jonathan Fox
  was being turned by his own abusive words.  
"Please, Daddy," Diana continued, tears pouring from her eyes. "Don't make
  me take it in my mouth. You've forced me to do it since I was eight and I still
  can't get used to it. It makes me gag."  
Her father snarled and said, "I would have made you suck me when you were
  six but you couldn't open your mouth wide enough. I don't know why you gag
  at the taste of my spunk. You must have swallowed gallons of it over the years."  
Diana responded by saying, "All right Daddy, I'll do it if you promise to
  take the clips off my titties. The pain is horrible."  
Diana lifted her head and captured her father's cock in her mouth. Warming
  to the role into which he was forced, Jonathan Fox grabbed his daughter's ears
  and pistoned his cock in and out of her mouth. After five minutes, Diana spit
  out his cock and told him in a resigned voice to hurry up and rape her. "I
  just want to get it over with," she sobbed.  
Jonathan fox scuttled on his knees down his daughter's body. She screamed
  when he inadvertently brushed her nipple clips with his ass. Soon he was kneeling
  between his fourteen year-old daughter's thighs. Her cries of protest increased
  when he placed the tip of his cock between the folds of her pussy lips.  
"Oh Daddy!" she cried. "I promised mommy on her death bed that I'd try to
  remain pure until I married. You waited only a week after her funeral to rape
  me. Daddy, how could you! I was only ten years old."  
Her father, now really into his role, used his thumbs to spread open his
  daughter's pussy lips and forced his engorged cock into her. Diana cried and
  resisted as best she could, considering her spread-eagle state. As he slammed
  his cock into his daughter, he pulled on the clips attached to her nipples,
  stretching them and making them bleed. The sight of her blood took him over
  the edge and he pumped his sperm deep into her cunt. He collapsed on her until
  he caught his breath. Then, with a big smile on his face, he pushed himself
  off her and got off the bed. He turned to her and said that they'll do this
  again next week only that time he'll tie her on her stomach so that he can
  bum-fuck her. He stood there with a satisfied smile on his face thinking, if
  they want me to participate in their sick games, I will.  
Peter went over to Diana's desk and moved some of the books that were piled
  there. With a smirk he picked up a video camera that had been hidden among
  the books and switched it off. Seeing the camera, Jonathan Fox's heart sunk.
  His children managed to record him appearing to abuse and rape his teenaged
  daughter. If the tape got out, he'd be ruined. Fox sat heavily on a chair in
  the corner of the room.  
Still holding the gun, Peter placed the camera on the bed next to Diana.
  He removed the clips from his sister's tits. Her nipples were bruised and swollen
  but she didn't complain. As he released her wrists and ankles, Diana commented
  that the pain of the nipple clips added realism to her role as the abused and
  raped daughter. "Tears come easily when your nipples are being squished," she
  said. She stood up and came over to her father. She sat down on the dazed man's
  knee and put her arm around his shoulder. He could feel the grease of his own
  sperm leaking from her pussy onto his thigh. Despite this, he sat quite still.  
"Daddy," said Diana cheerfully. "If you don't do exactly what we want from
  now on, Peter and I will make sure that the little drama we just filmed will
  be sent to the police. Imagine how you will feel when they drag you away in
  handcuffs for raping me. Your friends and colleagues will see you as the monster
  that forced me to take your dirty weenie in my mouth when I was only eight.
  The beast that ripped away my innocence before mother was cold in her grave.
  Of course, I'll reluctantly have to testify that you molested me on a weekly
  basis and that Mary usually participated. Peter will have to tell the cops
  how you forced him to fuck Mary. Once the authorities see that tape, they'll
  believe anything we tell them. I'll be so pitiable on the witness stand that
  you'll be lucky the jury doesn't castrate you then and there. The judge will
  be so angry he'll probably order that you be put in the general population
  at the penitentiary."  
"Yeah, Dad," Peter said. "I bet within a week you'll have one broom handle
  up your ass and another shoved eight inches into your ear. You child molesting
  monster."  
Jonathan Fox didn't protests. The broken man rested his head on his daughter's
  shoulder and wet her breast with his tears&hellip;.  
Three years later, Peter Fox is shaken out of his happy reverie by his sister
  who suggests that they go down to get some breakfast. They get dressed and
  proceed to the head of the stairs. They can hear their father operating the
  electric can opener in the kitchen. Jon Fox has continued to work for the insurance
  company. In fact, he even got promoted to senior vice president. His life seems
  quite normal to the casual observer. However, he dare not say anything about
  what goes on at home for he knows that two video recordings of him "raping" Diana
  rest safely in her safety deposit box. He knows, too, that a letter sits in
  a lawyer's office instructing that one tape be sent to the District Attorney
  and the other to their father's boss should any harm befall Diana or her brother.  
The twins enter the kitchen. Their father is opening a can of dog food. On
  all fours in the corner of the room is Mary, Jonathan Fox's trophy wife. Over
  the past three years, she has been turned into the family pet. The twenty-nine
  year old woman is naked. She waits on all fours by a dog dish. Jonathan crouches
  down to spoon the disgusting no-name dog food into his wife's dish. As soon
  as he is done, she eagerly begins to lap up the horsemeat. Coarse iron manacles
  adorn Mary's wrists and ankles. Instead of a leather dog collar, an iron one
  tightly binds her neck. One-inch diameter nipple rings decorate the beautiful
  blonde's large breasts. A smaller ring has been forced through the flesh at
  the base of her clitoris. Mary is in excellent physical condition. Her regime
  of physical exercise is quite simple. Her stepdaughter devised it. Every day
  Mary is permitted to stand on her two feet. She steps onto an expensive electric
  treadmill. Three chains connect her nipple and pussy rings to a ring in the
  control panel of the exercise device. For an hour, she is made to run at full
  speed on the treadmill. She is motivated not to lag by the simple fact that
  doing so would result in the rings being torn out of her nipples and cunt.
  Last year she did falter. Luckily, Jonathan knew a former plastic surgeon with
  a cocaine problem who fixed up her split nipple and torn pussy as best he could.  
After watching her stepmother wolfing down her dog food. Diana walks over
  to her dad who is standing quietly by the counter. "Good morning, Daddy," she
  says and gives him a peck on the cheek. He flinches when she kisses him but
  she chooses to ignore it. It's the weekend and Daddy is dressed as the family
  butler. He is wearing a gray suit, white shirt and black tie. His shoes are
  highly polished. The only peculiar thing about his outfit are his trousers.
  The front has been cut away and his cock hangs out. Since becoming his children's
  slave, his dick has been modified. He can remember the surprise on the face
  of the woman who ran the body piercing shop Diana told him to call on. She
  wasn't used to visits from a conservative looking businessman in a thousand-dollar
  suit. Her amazement grew when he asked her to adorn his cock with a "Prince
  Albert". By the time he left, his cock had a large ring through its tip. In
  addition, Diana had forced her father to place tight elasticized rings around
  the shaft of his cock. The outside of each ring was studded with sharp metal
  points.  
Diana reaches down and fondles her father's cock.. The seventeen year-old
  looks down at Mary and whispers in his ear. "Go get her."  
Without hesitating, the broken man approaches his wife. He kneels down behind
  her and grabs her hips. Mary whimpers but keeps eating &ndash; she's only fed
  once every two days. Her husband plunges his cock into her pussy. She cries
  out but does not resist. She is used to this. At least once a week, her stepchildren
  order her husband to fuck her. Consequently, the lining of her cunt resembles
  hamburger. If Peter or Diana is in a particularly nasty mood, they pour hot
  sauce on their father's prick just before he fucks her.  
The doorbell rings. Since their butler is occupied with the family pet, Diana
  and Peter go to answer. They open the door. Standing on the porch is a beautiful
  teenaged girl. The blue-eyed blonde is dressed in a cheerleader costume. The
  short pleated skirt reveals the girl's shapely legs. Her tight sweater displays
  her large breasts. She's carrying a box of chocolate bars. She smiles brightly
  at the twins and asks if they'd like to buy a support the local high school
  football team by buying the candy.  
Diana smiles warmly at the girl and invites her in. "I'm sure my parents
  would love to support your school," she says. "My brother and I attend a private
  school but I know Mom and Dad believe strongly in supporting the public school
  system. Just wait here a moment and I'll talk to them."  
The cheerleader stands in the foyer while the twins go to the kitchen to
  get some money. The girl can hear moaning and grunting noises coming from the
  kitchen. She is thinking of leaving but Diana and Peter return. She is holding
  a twenty-dollar bill. Peter hands are behind his back. As his sister hands
  the money to the girl, he walks behind her. Moving quickly her grabs the cheerleader
  and covers her mouth with a rag that has been soaked in chloroform. After a
  brief struggle, the girl loses consciousness. Peter lets her fall to the floor.  
"Oh boy," he says as he looks at the unconscious beauty. "I was wondering
  what we were going to do today. Now I know. We can show this little meat puppet
  my ant farm."  
Diana shudders at the suggestion. Despite her cruel and perverse mind, she
  wouldn't wish the ant farm on her worst enemy.  
End of Part One.  
If you've enjoyed this little tale and wish to contact the author, you may
  do so at cerberus713@hotmail.com.
  Cerberus is happy to entertain any suggestions the gentle reader might have
  for this or any other of his stories.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





