BDSM Library - Breeding Gluttony




Breeding Gluttony
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is kidnapped from her home by the Waterman and sold to a satanic cult who turn her into Gluttony, one of the seven sins and is offered in sexual sacrifice to the Devil.Sharon opened her eyes reluctantly, the doorbell ringing constantly "hold
  on!" she called, pulling on her robe in the cool morning air. The robe hugged
  her body snuggly, but she was out sizing it, the cloth belt digging into her
  soft middle. She lifted her arms in a long stretch before cracking the door
  open, peeking her head out to see who stood outside.  
A trim, sandy-blonde haired man with chiseled features and body looked at
  her from under the brim of his ball cap and smiled.  
"Hello, I was sent by the management to check on your water gauge"  
She looked at him cautiously "I wasn't notified" she said.  
"She gave me this to show to you" he said, handing his clipboard to her with
  a note from her landlord "sorry for the short notice, the water bill was way
  too high this month so he's here to check it out. Apple Tree Apartments"  
Sharon pulled her robe around herself tighter and let him into the apartment
  to the small back yard where the gauge was. Watching him intently as he kneeled
  down to check the gauges.  
In the distance the waterman's accomplice, sniper rifle in hand, aimed in
  her direction. With a barely-audible PFFT from the silencer a Tranquilizer
  dark landed squarely in her leg, making her collapse in seconds.  
The chiseled maintenance man looked at her sprawled form for a moment, her
  robe having fallen open. He scooped up the plump girl taking her out to the
  awaiting van "good, I got her" said the sniper who was packing his weapon away
  in a secret compartment before opening the back door, revealing a large wooden
  crate lined with hay.  
The strong man placed her into the crate, smiling viciously. He had been
  well paid for this and the fun has just begun, he thought as he nailed the
  door of the crate shut and closed the single door of the van shut, then driving
  off.  
&nbsp;
Sharon woke up to the stinging sensation of a cattle prod on her behind to
  motivate her to move out of the crate which was now placed atop a large mosaic
  pentacle. The only light in the room coming from a spotlight from the rafters.
  She had been stripped naked while in her unconscious state and now tried to
hide her nude body from the eyes she felt all around her. 
Slowly people emerged from the shadows, all of them wearing black robes with
  dark hoods then stopping at the edge of the pentacle. A figure wearing a red
  robe steps forward, looking at Sharon, then at her deliverer the Maintenance
  man  
"This will not do, our Dark Lord will not be pleased by such a meager example
  of Gluttony and sloth! But I understand under the circumstances that she will
  do, but the grand appearance of the Antichrist will have to be postponed" he
  said, a fair touch of anger in his voice. Sharon stayed huddled on the circle
  one of the Satanist behind her with the cattle prod, kept near her back. Poking
  her occasionally without the electric current flowing.  
"Chain the vessel down, her gluttony is apparent but not obvious! Make it
  so!" said the man in Red, stepping into the darkness leaving the underlings
  to work.  
A group of the dark-clothed fiends surrounded her forcibly reaching out to
  her, grasping her arms and legs to force her to lie spread eagled, Sharon fought
  and kicked growling and screaming like a trapped cat but she was swarmed many
  bodies stronger than one.  
 As her body was held down others locked heavy leather manacles around her
  wrists and ankles attached to short chains on the floor. She pulled and fought
  against them, hitting her body hard against the floor, electing smiles from
  the onlookers.  
Eventually she stopped, her large chest heaving "are you done now? We have
  work to do. We can do it one of two ways, Master wishes you to be a prime example
  of Gluttony, so that means lots and lots of food. Either we can force a tube
  down into your belly, or cut you open. What do you think Flock?"  
There was much murmuring in the crowd, and then they yelled in unison "TUBE!"  
Sharon arched her back trying to get away form these people as what appeared
  to be an enema bag and tube was brought to the pentacle.  
"Oh Unholy Lord, with who's dark blessing we have prepared this gluttonous
  meal for this vessel, bestow onto this body your unholy appetite so she may
  bloat and swell in mockery of Gods gift of life!"  
the room darkned and became very cold for a moment, before the spotlight
  came on again  
"now say ahh slut!"  
Sharron backed up as far as she could, twisting her head this way and that
  avoiding the tube, one of the Satanist grabbed her head forcing her jaw open
  as the tube slid into her mouth to her throat down into her stomach. The small
  switch controlling the flow was opened, sending an unholy gruel into the belly
  of the pudgy, unwilling woman.  
"get more, I'm not stopping till I see her belly gets really distended"  
she was groaning, almost the whole bag of gruel in her body. The rest was
  forced down the tube by squeezing the bag hard, elicting a scream from her
  much to the pleasure of the crowd. Another bag was brough it, squeezed from
  the beginning to fill her body like a baloon with gruel. Bag after bag was
  forced into her, her stomach rising up above her body like a dome Looking pervetedly
  pregnant, she was crying from the pain, feeling as if she would burst but the
  dark majiks granted by unholy means kept her in agony.  
Days and days past, her belly rose higher and higher. Her body converting
  into a fat ball.  
"Brothers and Sisters who worship the Dark one, the day has come, Gluttony
  has reached mecha, a rich, over ample vessel from which the Dark Lords Progeny
  will be born!"  
said the man in red, a loud cheer arose from the crowd.  
&quot;We are here to usher in a new era of darkness by our lords powers,
  in this our temple the son on Lucifer shall be conceived and grow to overthrow
  the world in darkness; for this we choose one hideous and in sin to generate
  our lords son and he shall seed this fat wench and onto us shall be atasked
  nurturing her decadent body till the seed as grown and consumed the soul of
  this Gluttonous vessel&quot;  
the room once more pluged into darkness, accompanied by the smell of burnt
  sulfur, a gigantic figure with the lower half of a goat its hard cock jutting
  out in front of him and the upper half of a disfigured man appeared in the
  pentacle. With a flick of its hand the chains were broken then he rolled over
  the ball of fat onto her massively bloated stomach aiming its massive cock
  for her womanly recess then delves inside of her, causing her to scream like
  she had never screamed before in her life. The huge member inside of her cracking
  her ribs apart with each thrust. The Lord of Hell cackling at her pain, her
  blood lubricating the unholy mating. The massive otherworldly creature howls
  as her pains elect it to orgasm, flodding her body with its seed, hot as the
  lava flows of hell, he pops his thick shadowy member from her broken twat laughing
  as it fades back to its own realm. The Satanists crowd her to ensure shes still
  alive. But already her body is changing.    
   
her breasts begin to swell almost immediately "quick, Master says to Tie
  up those massive flab bags so we can watch her squirm!"  
large, industrial rubberbands were snapped around the base of her massive
  tits as they swelled with milk, making her moan in pain as her tits turned
  red, then purple  
"we must ensure that she becomes fatter to nurture Our Dark Lord!" says the
  leader, as a strange aparatus is brought into the chamber. Another underling
  taking a hose attached to it and inserting it deep into the Glutton girls asshole,
  turning on the flow.  
"our Glutton is now going to be fatter than ever, we're pumping her full
  of fattening LARD" he smiled, patting the fat girls ample backside.  
Her stomach mounding before her, a shadowy figure could be viewed inside.    
   
After a month her stomach was massive, dwarfing the rest of her fat frame,
  the shadowy figure constantly moving inside of her then it burts through the
  fatty layers the cultist had built on her body, stepping from the fat, soul
  less hull the living shadow picked up her body and drank all of what had been
  accumulated in her torpedo-like breasts, throwing the hull away like a ragdoll.  
And so happened the end of the world.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  milkedmaid


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





