BDSM Library - Celebrity Roast




Celebrity Roast
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A popular actress is lured to Dolcett, New Heden for a gala festival featuring and honouring her works. She finds herself feted and entertained, in lavish style, according to the customs of the locals which revolve around gynophagia (the eating of women); leading up to her spectacular Celebrity Roast.Please Note: This whimsical tale was written to satisfy the request of a
  fan of the two actresses featured in this story. It is fantasy and not meant
  to demean or embarrass the celebrities.  
Celebrity Roast   
 By DolSade  
An Offer From New Heden   
Elizabeth Hurley could scarcely believe her ears as her agent described the
  latest role in her acting career. Granted, things had slowed down in the past
  little while but this offer seemed outrageous. "Let me get this straight. This
  place in the colonies, New Heden, wants me for a pilot TV show and to make
  commercials urging young women to volunteer to become, what was the term you
  used, "spit muffins", to be cooked and eaten?  
I admit that I have on occasion, eaten femcan meat since the liberalization
  of the laws but enlisting women to volunteer seems a bit bazaar. Tell me more
  about the offer."  
"This place, in the colonies, declared independence during the economic collapse
  of the USA. Some military and techs managed to take control of nuclear weapons
  in their area and using nuclear blackmail, the state seceded and set itself
  up as an old fashion city-state.  
They, basically, set up a libertine country, where almost anything was allowed.
  A group of gynophages, that is people who desired to eat human female flesh,
  congregated there and soon held political influence and sway. So much so, that
  the name of their capital city is called Dolcett, named after an early advocate
  of gynophagia.  
Anyways, the citizens of Dolcett claim to be among your most ardent fans
  and want you for a pilot TV series, a celebrity roast, in the entertainment
  sense not the culinary sense.  
You are to be profiled and your films honoured in a weeklong festival.  
In addition, they would like you to make a series of commercials that will
  be used world wide to encourage like-minded people to join their community
  and, especially, to recruit women to volunteer to be culinary treats. The TV
  show will also be syndicated worldwide.  
Both the TV show and the ads should get you back in the public limelight
  and restart your flagging career with a bang. Of course, the decision is yours
  but I urge you to at least visit Dolcett for the Elizabeth Hurley Festival
  and consider the other requests."  
The bemused actress felt her pussy getting wet at the prospect of journeying
  to the heartland of femcan and her own roasting, in the culinary and entertainment
  senses.  
So after some consideration she was off, with her agent. The trip was kept
  somewhat of a secret, in case things didn't pan out and because of the scandalous
  nature of the enterprise to "correct" British society.  
The two set off for New Heden on a Lear Jet supplied by the backers of the
  enterprise.  
Elizabeth was met at the airport by a throng of wild enthusiastic fans who
  wanted to see her in person, get her autograph and even touch her. She had
  not had so much attention, for a long time and she did all she could to accommodate
  all of her fans' wishes. The praise from the city fathers and mothers swelled
  her head and fed her ego.  
Mayor Loco told Elizabeth that he would present the keys to the city to Elizabeth,
  the next day and a gala dinner was planned to fete her, later that week.  
The next afternoon, the actress was given the keys to the city at a dazzling
  city hall reception, covered with great flare and &eacute;lan by the TV press
  and news media. Elizabeth was enthralled by the attention and honour bestowed
  upon her. An aide to the mayor suggested that Elizabeth be taken on a tour
  of the city to visit the venues of her film festival retrospective and of course
  the actress immediately agreed.  
The crowds at all the theatres were even more overwhelming than the crowd
  at the airport and Elizabeth was in her glory greeting her fans, having countless
  pictures taken with them and signing so many autographs that her writing hand
  was soon sore.  
Later at her hotel, the best five star hotel in the city, Elizabeth relaxed
  with her agent and enjoyed a special liqueur the hotel had sent up to her.
  It was a new liqueur that Elizabeth and her agent had never had before. The
  taste was full-bodied and very smooth with a fruity flavour. Very satisfying.
  It made Elizabeth tingle a bit and sent shivers up and down her spin and after
  finishing the drink; she was relaxed and a little horny. 'I definitely have
  to find out what this liqueur is and take some home when I leave.' She mused
  to herself.  
Later that evening, Elizabeth relaxed. She had enjoyed a leisurely dinner
  with her agent in the hotel dinning room. And the hotel staff had made it a
  point to ensure that the couple was able to dine without the intrusion or interference
  of fans.  
Back in her suite, a phone call broke Elizabeth's revelry. The concierge
  of the hotel was on line advising Elizabeth that the hotel was sending up a
  welcome gift.  
Elizabeth went to the door expecting a bottle of champagne or a fruit basket
  but when she opened the door, a beautiful woman, dressed in a skimp black maid's
  outfit and a hunky man in a conservative Harris Tweed jacket and brown pants
  greeted her. The man was handsome with light brown hair, about six feet tall
  and muscular. The maid was in her early twenties with auburn hair and a petit
  but shapely body. Her face was elegant and youthful and beaming a big smile.
  The outfit was lacy and brief, showing a lot of leg and cleavage. The maid
  was holding the expected fruit basket and champagne.  
The man introduced himself as James Cetti and said that he had been sent
  by the film production company to be Elizabeth's guide and liaison during her
  stay. He introduced the young woman as Judith and was about to proceed when
  the girl broke in. "I'm not really a maid but the hotel let me bring up this
  fruit basket and wine. I'm your biggest fan in this part of the world and I
  just had to meet you. And furthermore, I was chosen to be your female entertainment
  while you're here, if you know what I mean. After all this is New Heden. And,&hellip; Ta
  Dah, I will be the main entr&eacute;e at your celebrity roast dinner. When
  I heard that you were coming to town, I had to volunteer to be the spit muffin.
  In fact all the girls in your fan club volunteered but in the end it boiled
  down to my friend Sarah and I. I was the picked for spit muffin and Sarah was
  picked to be your stand-in during the tapings. I don't want to spoil things
  but the studio made some changes to Sarah that will amaze you."  
Elizabeth was taken aback by Judith's statement. Elizabeth knew that volunteer
  young women were spitted alive and roasted, but to have such an attractive
  and sprightly young thing announce that she was willingly subjecting herself
  to such a fate was a shock.  
The couple was invited into the room and the "maid" proceeded to serve drinks
  to Elizabeth and James. Elizabeth was delighted to learn that the bottle was
  not champagne but the liqueur that had been served earlier. James identified
  the liqueur as a blend of brandy and fruit and special herbs that was called
  Joie De Vivre or Joy Juice by the locals. He told Elizabeth that the outstanding
  flavour was not the only selling point. "There are rumours that the herbs are
  based on a Indian aphrodisiac and the drink has been know to raise some drinkers'
  libido."  
Elizabeth had Judith join in the festivities and the trio were relaxing and
  letting the drinks take effect. After a short interval the little fan made
  her move on the movie star and Elizabeth welcomed the attention. Judith sensuously
  and passionately undressed Elizabeth, kissing and licking everywhere. The girl
  targeted the actress's pussy and paid homage to the clit and labia with special
  attention.  
Elizabeth moaned quietly at the pleasurable sensations and then felt a set
  of lips on her lips. She opened her eyes to see that James had undressed and
  was passionately kissing her. James moved his attention to the star's swollen
  breasts and taut nipples, sending chills up and down Elizabeth's spine.  
A now nude Judith had resumed her licking and fingering of Elizabeth's pussy
  with heightened intensity and fervor. The cunt was nice and wet when James
  and Judith changed places and James penetrated Elizabeth hard and deeply. Elizabeth
  moaned and sighed as James rode her to a climax and the star moaned as she
  felt James' moist ejaculation fill her love tunnel.  
Judith and James made sure that Elizabeth climaxed over and over again that
  night, as the threesome made full use of the liqueur's aphrodisiac qualities;
  and as Elizabeth drifted off to sleep she could hear Judith whispering, "My
  movie star, you have made my fantasies come true. Making love with you has
  been the pinnacle of my life, till now.  
I hope that my last and penultimate pinnacle and orgasm, will be when I become
  your girl meat. And, I hope that it will be a highlight of your life also."  
Elizabeth slept in till late morning and noticed that her new lovers were
  not in bed with her but quiet sounds from the main room of her suite indicated
  that one or both of her friends were probably still present. Sure enough, when
  Elizabeth had completed her morning absolutions, applied her makeup and exited
  the bedroom, James and Judith were waiting for her. James was fully dressed,
  while Judith was completely nude except for high heel shoes. "I hope you don't
  mind, but I have to get used to being nude in public for my big scene and so
  I thought I could start now", she shyly asked.  
 The three had brunch in the suite when Judith admitted that going to the
  dining room, nude, was still too much for her to handle.  
Over the light meal, James laid out the tentative itinerary for the festival
  and TV show.  
Elizabeth had a week to enjoy herself, attend festival events and meet her
  fans. The spit muffin recruiting ads would take only one day, even if she decided
  to make all the ads.  
There would be a special celebrity interview done, by one of the most celebrated
  interviewers in the world, on Friday afternoon, followed by an informal dinner
  with the TV executives and Studio brass, if Elizabeth was willing.  
Saturday evening the live broadcast of the "Celebrity Roast of Elizabeth
  Hurley, screen legend" would be staged. The plans were for the culmination
  of the Elizabeth Hurley Festival to be broadcast live in New Heden and later
  syndicated as a pilot for a new series, around the world.  
Elizabeth was delighted and overjoyed. This would be the highest honour of
  her career and the reception, she had already been accorded, left no doubt
  in the actress's mind that all would be a smash hit.  
After brunch, James offered to be Elizabeth's escort for Mayor Loco's dinner
  and Elizabeth volunteered Judith to be Elizabeth's agent's escort at the dinner.
  The little fan was ecstatic. James left to return home and Judith left, nude,
  with a bathrobe over her arm. The auburn cutie had resolved to see if she could
  make it to the hotel change room where she had left her clothes. The bathrobe
  was just in case. Elizabeth was left to enjoy the day and prepare for her grand
  entrance at the dinner.  
The State Dinner   
James arrived in the early evening dressed in a stylish tuxedo with Judith.
  Judith was a vision of loveliness in a satin purple strapless gown. Her hair
  was done up and her makeup carefully and expertly applied. The studio had outfitted
  and groomed the young woman so that she would be a worthy adjunct to Elizabeth's
  refined polished beauty at the grand affair.  
Elizabeth was the epitome of the glamorous Hollywood film actress, in her
  white silk designer gown. The studio had made available funds and resources
  for Elizabeth to acquire a suitable wardrobe for her visit to New Heden and
  the actress took full advantage of the opportunity to obtain the best the European
  continent had to offer.  
The studio makeup and hair professionals made sure that Elizabeth's appearance
  would be prefect in all aspects and by all criteria.  
The two couples were driven by stretched limousine to Dodge's Hilltop Restaurant
  for the evening's festivities. Much to Elizabeth's surprise and relief, the
  dress was formal but the fun was courteous, colonial merriment and enjoyment.
  The speeches were few and brief and a live music trio added a party atmosphere
  to the proceeding with a m&eacute;lange of current popular music that ran the
  gamut from jazz, to easy rock and light country.  
But, a little to Elizabeth's disappointment, she was not to true star of
  the evening. The scene stealers at this gala were the opulent platters of girl
  meat and the young spit muffins that were on hand to be oven roasted, spit
  roasted and grilled alive.  
Judith knew the muffins and was excitedly pleased that her friends were being
  made into girl meat at such a gala event. She could be heard saying over and
  over again that she hoped her dinner would be as elegant and as memorable.  
Elizabeth really was at a loss. She had eaten girl meat on occasion but this
  meal was all girl meat with only a few vegetables. Moreover, there was still
  some reluctance to engage full heartedly in such cannibalistic delights.  
But as the wine flowed and dishes were placed in front of her, Elizabeth's
  English resolve weakened and she was soon enjoying each dish with relish. As
  Elizabeth drank the wine, she thought she could make out the same taste she
  had enjoyed in the hotel liqueur and the effect was very similar. 'So much
  the better', she thought. 'Tonight is a night to cast off inhibitions and get
  horny. I have my aides to quell my passions, all night.'  
Elizabeth was feeling no pain and slurring her words slightly when Mayor
  Loco rose and announced that the volunteer spit muffins would now be put on
  to cook. The three nude spit muffins were led out of the kitchen by a cadre
  of chefs. All three women were in their twenties and Elizabeth could see that
  all three were very attractive with shapely female bodies. Two were blonde
  and the third a redheaded colleen. All were smiling and seemed pleased to be
  paraded, nude, around the dining room.  
Two cooks brought out a portable Jessica 3000 and a blonde beauty went over
  to the machine. The muffin was secured into place and the machine was readied
  for action.  
James began to explain, "The young woman, or spit muffin as we like to call
  them, has volunteered to be oven roasted for tonight's dinner. She has already
  been cleaned and spent the day in lovemaking. She has to be gutted and her
  body cavity cleaned and then stuffed with a special mix of sausages and rice.
  This part is usually done in the kitchen, but to honour your presence here,
  the cooks will do the procedure live, in front of the guests."  
The Jessica 3000 was used to gut the muffin without a big mess and a show
  was made of stuffing the body cavity and arranging the muffin in the roasting
  pan. Elizabeth watched in amazement as the girl was cut open and stuffed. The
  girl remained smiling throughout the procedure, grimacing only occasionally
  when the pain was severe. The muffin was taken to a large oven with a windowed
  door and allowed to roast. Elizabeth noted that the girl was blinking her eyes
  while roasting.  
The red haired colleen was chosen as the next spit muffin and placed in the
  Jessica 3000.  
James continued, "This girl will be prepared for live spitting and live pit
  roasting in the barbeque pit. The machine will not only gut the girl but will
  assist in impaling the cutie on a spit. Again, this is being done for your
  benefit and all efforts will be made to make the spitting as clean as possible.  
As the girl screamed in pain, James continued, "The machine has gutted the
  muffin and allowed her internal organs to collect in the base receptacle. The
  scream was more theatric than painful. The muffins are given Joy Juice and
  drugs to deaden the pain and keep them alive, as they wish.  
The spit is being inserted into the vagina and through the body cavity. The
  cooks are directing each other so that the heart and lungs are bypassed. If
  the heart is hit, the muffin will die and if the lungs are injured, the muffin
  will not last as long on the spit roaster.  
Watch for the point of the spit to emerge from the mouth.  
Holes in the spitting pole allow for air.  
The rectal post and other retaining accessories will keep the body in place.  
The muffin is now being taken to the BBQ pit for roasting."  
Preparations were started for the final spit muffin when a message was brought
  to the Mayor. After consulting with some advisors and the remaining spit muffin
  the Mayor announced, "A special volunteer has come forward for tonight's festivities." He
  waved papers that could easily be seen to be volunteer spit muffin authorizations. "Our
  Rachel has agreed to allow her meat to be auctioned off, for her favorite charities
  and to honour Elizabeth Hurley, providing the auction and enjoyment of her
  flesh take place tonight. Our muffin Beckie has graciously agreed to wait for
  the Celebrity Roast, to be made meat. So we will proceed with the display of
  Rachel and the sale of her prime cuts, if all are agreeable."  
The Mayor nodded to Elizabeth and when the bewildered Elizabeth nodded back,
  the Mayor took that as a signal of agreement and motioned for the cooks to
  proceed. The brunette woman was let around to each table and examined by the
  patrons. As the delicate looking woman approached Elizabeth, Elizabeth thought
  she recognized the face and heard a quiet whisper saying, "Don't let them do
  this to me. I'm Rachel Weisz."  
Elizabeth was shocked and turned to James.  
His response was reassuring but not totally comforting. "The muffin is a
  minor celeb around here. She volunteered to become a muffin, if she could have
  her face altered using plastic surgery to look like Rachel Weisz, for her last
  days; and she asked to be treated like the movie star, around town. The request
  was accepted and the muffin was allowed a month, after healing from surgery,
  to make her theatrical rounds. The Joy Juice and the night's happenings have
  probably disoriented the darling. The Mayor and the guests will honour the
  girl, one more night, to give her a grand send off. Play along and enjoy the
  fun."  
Elizabeth sat back and considered. Hadn't she read, recently, that Rachel
  Weisz had been killed in a car accident in East Asia. However with the next
  round of drinks, Elizabeth was back to her playful, unconcerned self, ready
  to enjoy the auction.  
A chef, in white uniform with a chef's hat, did an examination of Rachel's
  body. The movie star was presented spread eagled on a wooden frame, for all
  to see and examine in minute detail. He caressed and fondled each part of the
  beautiful body and commented, "The mons-veneris will make a premium cunt filet
  and is considered to prime cut of girl meat.  
The breasts are firm and tender, best served stuffed with rice and herbs
  to soak up the rich fats and juices, oven roasting will produce and served
  with a cream sauce make using muffin breast milk, a culinary delight.  
The ass cheeks or rumps are fleshy and well marbled and will both make excellent
  stuffed roasts or cutlets.  
The loins and upper thighs are meaty and firm and with proper tenderizing
  will produce tender steaks, chops and London Broil.  
The leg and arm shanks are meaty and suitable for a femcan osso bucco.  
The feet are shapely and free of calluses and bunions and a dream for the
  foot fetishes amongst us.  
Ribs, and the internal muscles will, no doubt, produce tender and flavourful
  BBQ style short rib dinners and prime steaks, chops and filets.  
The fingers are dainty and long, ideal for Lady Fingers."  
The chef went on till all parts of the spit muffin's body were extolled and
  then the Mayor announced that bids and orders would be taken for the next hour,
  for Rachel's prime cuts.  
He announced that Rachel had requested that her pussy filet be served to
  Elizabeth, the guest of honour and that Rachel's request would be carried out.  
Beckie re-emerged to clean and pleasure Rachel one last time. Beckie gave
  Rachel a glass of Joy Juice and then proceeded to, sensuously and erotically,
  towel Rachel's nude body, lingering over the breasts and genitalia for long
  intervals.  
James whispered to Elizabeth that Beckie had been a porn movie starlet before
  joining the ranks of the spit muffins. Beckie spent the hour, during which
  orders and bids were taken, demonstrating her expertise in lesbian love making,
  on a moaning appreciative Rachel. Elizabeth watched in wonder, drinking glass
  after glass of the liqueur, she had grown to love and she was getting very
  horny. She wasn't the only one. Most of the restaurant patrons had their hands
  under the tables and were writhing in pleasure, as they watched the show.  
As Mayor Loco rose to his feet, Beckie curtsied to the restaurant patrons
  and left to polite applause. The Mayor announced that Rachel would be taken
  to the kitchen and her prime girl meat cuts harvested from her living body
  to fill all the orders that had been taken. He told the patrons that almost
  all of Rachel's tender flesh had been ordered and thanked everyone for their
  generosity, adding that Rachel's designated charities would be very appreciative
  of the donations and that Rachel had thanked all, for their generosity. He
  added that Rachel had left for the kitchen; saying that she hoped all would
  enjoy her fleshy treats. Again polite applause broke out.  
Many of the diners flocked to the restaurant bar, to view the live butchering
  of Rachel. A large window allowed the bar customers to view the systematic
  processing of the young actress. The kitchen chefs and butchers provided a
  spectacular show of harvesting the cunt filet as the girl screamed in pain.
  The oval of prime girl meat was wrapped in fem-can smoked bacon to be served
  as a Fille Mignon to Elizabeth.  
The breasts were massaged to tenderize the meat and then removed whole. A
  guest had ordered the flesh stuffed with an herbed rice pilaf and the dish
  was to be served in a creamy muffin milk b&eacute;chamel sauce.  
Thighs were skinned and the flesh cut from the bone, to be pounded into tender
  cutlets.  
The cheeks of the ass were sliced away and oven roasted in moist heat to
  tender, savory flesh.  
The feet were cut off whole. They would be roasted and served in black high
  heel pumps to the two lucky foot fetishes that had put in generous monetary
  offers, for their favorite meat.  
No part of the beautiful actress went unpurchased and the cooks took great
  pains to harvest the flesh from a live muffin, as long as possible.  
By the end of the evening, no part of Rachel Weisz, the actress born on 03/07/1971,
  in London, England, UK, and trained at Trinity College and the University of
  Cambridge, would be left uneaten.  
Elizabeth noticed that there was activity at the oven and roasting pit and
  asked James what was happening. James explained that the two spit muffins had
  expired while Rachel was being pleasured and the meat girls were being removed
  to the kitchen for adjustments, to protect body parts from damage and burning,
  during the cooking process.  
After further explanation, James advised Elizabeth that the two live spit
  muffin preparations had been staged to allow the actress to see the show. The
  heads of the two muffins would be removed and attached to two muffins that
  had been put on to cook earlier that afternoon, so that all the restaurant
  patrons could enjoy well cook tender girl meat. James advised Elizabeth that
  her spit muffins were disappointed that their girl meat would not be served
  at the gala dinner but agreed to this manner of presentation, to honour the
  famous movie actress.  
Elizabeth was allowed to nod off for a while at her seat, by her dinner companions,
  as the dining room waited for the girl meat to be served. The refreshing nap
  revived the beauty and she was ready for the feast of girl meat. A decorative
  platter with a fully cooked spit muffin was wheeled through the restaurant.
  Elizabeth was entranced by the sight of the young beautifully golden-brown
  body. The girl seemed to be peacefully sleeping. A wonderful smell of cooked
  girl meat assailed Elizabeth's nose and the beautiful actress began to salivate.  
The cooks carved and served the girl meat to the appreciative patrons, as
  the barbequed spit roaster was removed from the roasting pit and wheeled through
  the room. Elizabeth noted that this muffin was a bright reddish brown and not
  as beautiful as the first muffin.  
This girl meat looked like a delicious suckling pig on a grand and impressive
  scale. The skin looked crisp and flavorful and Elizabeth could imagine that
  the girl meat would be moist and tender.  
She would have to taste both spit muffins before the night was over, she
  resolved.  
However, Elizabeth's revelry was broken as a bell sounded and a waiter brought
  Rachel's cunt filet, on a gold plate, to the actress. This was the first cunt
  filet Elizabeth had ever enjoyed and she bit into the tender flesh with gusto.
  The meat was surprisingly tender  
and sweet. Elizabeth decided to enjoy the flesh of Rachel Weisz, a beautiful
  actress and rival, secretly wishing that she could absorb her rival's sexual
  powers and feminine assets into her own body, as she enjoyed eating the girl
  meat.  
The rest of the dishes made from Rachel's body were served and the din of
  the dining room increased as the patrons partook of the pleasures of the three
  muffins' girl meat.  
Elizabeth did manage a taste of all three muffins and was pleasantly sated
  as she left the restaurant.  
A very raunchy Elizabeth got into the limousine with James and Judith. Elizabeth
  almost immediately attacked Judith, in wild sexual passion. The actress was
  hardly a lesbian but all the beautiful spit muffins' nude bodies and exquisite
  female flesh had triggered a new lust in Elizabeth's passion. The movie star
  had to enjoy live girl meat. She had to enjoy the feel and taste of a female
  body that was destined for the roasting spit or oven. Of course an equally
  horny Judith responded in kind and the two beauties were locked in passionate
  lovemaking. James undressed but let the women pleasure each other and instructed
  the limo driver to take the long way to the hotel.  
James, with the help of the hotel concierge and the service elevator got
  the women back to the suite without creating a memorable scene. He joined the
  women in bed and the trio spent the night in wild passionate sex.  
 The threesome got up together just before noon and enjoyed a leisurely light
  brunch.  
After the meal, the three split up to return home and recover from the night's
  revelry.  
Elizabeth relived the gala dinner and felt a tingle in her pussy every time
  she thought about the spit muffins. Perhaps the volunteers were not as crazy
  as she had originally thought. Being spit roasted or oven baked in such an
  opulent, sexually charged manner would have an overwhelming appeal for the
  'die young and leave a beautiful body' set.  
The filming of the spit muffin ads was to take place in two days and Elizabeth
  looked forward to the experience.  
Recruiting Spit Muffins   
James and Judith arrived in a limo to take Elizabeth to various festival
  venues and events. Of course the actress enjoyed her fans' adulation and adoration,
  but there was nothing special or awe inspiring about the attention she was
  receiving. Pretty much the standard fare for festival gatherings. However,
  one thing did stick out. When scantily clad or nude spit muffins attended the
  events, the girls were always introduced to enthusiastic applause and cheers.
  The volunteers often flashed their pussies or nipples to show their meat girl
  tags. Even shy Judith flashed her pussy and stripped to join a group of nude
  spit muffins.  
Elizabeth decided to spend the evening alone, to recover from the jetlag
  and the gala dinner, much to Judith's dismay. She dinned in the suite, on a
  simple room service meal and studied her lines for the spit muffin recruitment
  ads, which were to be shot the next day.  
James and Judith picked up Elizabeth the next day and were driven to the
  studio.  
At the studio, Elizabeth was greeted by the production company as Judith
  removed her clothes and joined a group of nude spit muffins. Elizabeth was
  in for a shock when Judith introduced Sarah to Elizabeth. The nude girl looked
  like a younger version of the actress. Sarah blushed and explained that her
  face had undergone plastic surgery and intensive makeup to make her look like
  Elizabeth. Sarah would be Elizabeth's stand-in and nude body double during
  the filming of the commercials.  
Sarah gushed that Elizabeth was her favorite actress.  
Judith reminded Elizabeth that Sarah had volunteered to be the entr&eacute;e
  at the Celebrity Roast.  
Sarah gleefully said that she was honoured to meet Elizabeth and act as the
  actress's stand-in.  
The director met with Elizabeth and explained that he wanted Elizabeth act
  out certain situations that would be later edited to make the ads. Some of
  the scenes involved nudity and Sarah had agreed to do those scenes. Looking
  at Sarah, Elizabeth couldn't help but notice that the young woman had a more
  shapely, toned body with large full breasts, and Elizabeth was thankful for
  that little blessing.  
The scenes were rehearsed and taped all day long.  
Elizabeth urging women to volunteer to offer their bodies and girl meat for
  spit roasting.  
Elizabeth explaining that all travel expenses and accommodations would be
  provided for suitable candidates.  
Elizabeth extolling the sexually charged environment the muffins spent their
  last days enjoying.  
Elizabeth signing a volunteer authorization form herself.  
Elizabeth nude, mounting a Jessica 3000 awaiting the ecstasy of live spitting.  
Elizabeth interviewing muffins, who showed their enthusiasm and ecstatic
  joy at the prospect of being made into girl meat.  
Elizabeth interviewing beautiful women and handsome men who expressed their
  admiration and thanks to the muffins who had volunteered for the dinner plate.  
After her scenes had been filmed, Elizabeth watched scenes, involving the
  spit muffins, being taped. She watched in wonder as all the muffins, including
  Judith and Sarah were practice spitted using a special Jessica 3000 that used
  a magnetic modular spits to hold the muffins in spitting position without complete
  penetration of the body cavity. James explained that an inventor, who went
  by the nickname of Leo, had invented the machine to allow the muffins to practice
  and enjoy the Jessica 3000 spitting experience without damage to their bodies.
  Judith and Sarah gushed as they explained to Elizabeth how the machine induced
  the most intense orgasms the girls had ever experienced. The giant dildo-like
  probes in their vaginas, asses and mouths combined with the knowledge that
  they would soon be delicious girl meat was the ultimate turn on. Of course,
  all the spit muffins had already been filmed making the same kind of statements,
  earlier.  
Elizabeth's pussy tingled at the thought of riding the Jessica 3000 but her
  British reserve once again held her back. Judith sensed Elizabeth's reserved
  interest and casually offered that she and Sarah were staying after the other
  muffins and the production crew had left, to practice being spitted. James
  had also offered to stick around and help the girls. When Judith invited the
  actress to stay and watch; Elizabeth jumped at the offer.  
James produced some of Elizabeth's favourite liqueur and after a few rounds
  of Joy Juice and watching Sarah and Judith ride the Jessica 3000 to satisfying
  orgasms; Elizabeth was nude and waiting her turn on the fucking machine. It
  was awkward at first, learning how to manipulate her body into the right positions
  and learning to relax, but finally Elizabeth was rewarded with a volcanic climax.
  The three women fucked each other and rode the Jessica 3000 for the remainder
  of the day. James was finally invited to join the action and satisfied the
  three beauties and himself.  
Elizabeth invited the two spit muffins and James to join her for dinner in
  the hotel dining room, where all four had tender succulent cunt filets. The
  group moved on to the suite and the two young women were entertained by Elizabeth's
  stories of her movie shoots and her movie star lovers. A few more rounds of
  Joy Juice had the women ready for some more carnal pleasures, but while the
  couplings were satisfying, they were brief, so the two girls and James went
  home and left Elizabeth to enjoy a peaceful night's rest.  
The next few days were spent visiting festival venues and meeting the fans.  
Later in the day, Elizabeth or one of the muffins always seemed to find an
  excuse to ride the Jessica 3000 practice machine and all three women practiced
  being spitted over and over again.  
Elizabeth was becoming a bit concerned that she was getting so turned on
  by the idea of being live spitted, roasted alive and eaten, during the few
  hours of sober reflection she managed each day. But the liqueur and the unbridled
  glee of Judith and Sarah soon had the actress lost in a revelry of fun and
  games.  
Moreover, Elizabeth had convinced herself that it was her obligation to make
  sure that Judith's last days and nights be memorable. And Sarah's expert cunnilingus
  made it imperative the Elizabeth's look alike spit muffin was also included
  in any carnal activities.  
The Interview   
   
James sat at a boardroom table with the studio executives, organizers of
  the festival and production crew. He was updating everyone on Elizabeth's state
  of mind and any problems that might be on the horizon. "Elizabeth doesn't appear
  to be aware of our true purposes. The subliminal messages played back while
  she is asleep and in all the print media she sees, are making her very receptive
  to the idea of offering herself as a spit muffin for her roast. I think she
  will be a willing victim by the time the weekend rolls along. The two muffins
  have become her playmates and the practice Jessica 3000 the trio's favorite
  toy. The Joy Juice with the extra herbs is acting as advertised. I guess those
  herbs are an aphrodisiac to some women. All in all, things are progressing
  better than planned."  
"Also, we had no problems obtaining the signed volunteer forms. The airhead
  didn't even ask about them, after she signed away her life. Thought it was
  just part of her role, I suppose. So legally, we can do as we wish, in any
  event."  
"Her agent is more concerned about the number of muffins he can screw and
  the liqueur seems to be an effective aphrodisiac for him, also. There is no
  one else concerned with Elizabeth's well being after the weekend."  
"Today we will shoot the scenes for the interview and all the rehearsal scenes
  will be shot tomorrow. The look alike muffin, Sarah, will also be taped in
  a variety of scenes. She looks so much like the Brit that all the viewers will
  think she's Elizabeth Hurley, the actress. We also have lots of shots of Elizabeth
  and Sarah riding the Jessica 3000, surreptitious taken with hidden telephoto
  lenses. We can use them to strengthen the case that Elizabeth was a willing
  participant, even practicing being spitted with the other spit muffins."  
"After the final tapings today and tomorrow afternoon, we can edit together
  any scenario we want. Elizabeth Hurley will be feted and honoured at her celeb
  roast tomorrow. And, if I'm reading the consensus of this meeting, the look
  alike will be spitted and barbequed as Elizabeth Hurley for the mass TV audience
  and our wealthy dinner guests can dine on the real Elizabeth Hurley Sunday."  
"I think all the bases are covered and l see only smooth sailing ahead. It
  will be interesting to see how willing our entr&eacute;e will be, come roasting
  time Sunday. Anyone care to place wagers?"  
"Just make sure everything runs smoothly this time. We lost a fortune when
  we had to use that other actress, what was her name, oh yea, Rachel Weisz,
  ahead of time", interjected one of the studio execs.  
"Not really." James replied. "The local diners paid well for that dinner.
  Maybe not as much as the millionaires and billionaires will pay for the dinner,
  Sunday, but still a great deal of money; and we owed Mayor Loco and the city
  council. After all, everyone at the dinner knew the real Rachel Weisz was the
  star entr&eacute;e.  
After their unexpected treat, I'm sure that things will be copasetic for
  a long time."  
Elizabeth arrived at the TV studio, early Friday, lucid and semi-sober. She
  was quite used to giving interviews in such a state, so she foresaw no problems.
  When it was explained to the actress that the production crew wanted to film
  a large number of scenes for the final edited interview and the Celeb Roast
  on Saturday, Elizabeth thought little of the request. Her only real concern
  was that it would lessen the time she could spend with her love muffins and
  her new toy, the Jessica.  
Elizabeth was somewhat relived when she was introduced to the interviewer.
  She recognized the man as one of the good guys, who was more interested in
  trying to turn ordinary actresses into screen sirens and legends than in finding
  and dishing the dirt.  
Moreover, the promise that Elizabeth could ignore any questions she didn't
  like, and the reassurance that both Elizabeth and her agent could view the
  final interview and make changes before airing, set the actress's mind to rest.  
The interview began.  
" Elizabeth Hurley was born on 06/10/1965,
    in Hampshire, England, UK. &nbsp;She is 5' 9&quot; tall and weighs 117 lbs. &nbsp;Elizabeth
    Hurley attended London Studio Centre and began her career in popular British
    show &quot;Rumpole of the Bailey".   
Tonight we will show the human side
    of this famous actress and share childhood memories, relive past roles and
    get a personal insight into the things that make Elizabeth the person she
    is."   
Elizabeth didn't like the reference to her age but the rest of the intro
  was OK. The interviewer and his staff had done an amazing amount of research
  and had uncovered a great deal of Elizabeth's life. Elizabeth was astounded
  by all the information and data.  
She couldn't believe all the positive comments made about her and her work
  by her peers, both in front of the camera and behind. The topper was, not one
  comment or remark was negative.  
Elizabeth was lost in the whirl of scenes that were shot that day. If she
  had any doubts about any scenes or any lines, those doubts were quickly squelched
  by her agent who urged Elizabeth to get on with it.  
Finally the taping was all over. Elizabeth and her agent had a sumptuous
  dinner of girl meat dishes with the interviewer and the studio bigwigs. Elizabeth
  savored the meat. It was now her favorite. But Elizabeth's major concern was
  for Judith. Tonight would be the lovely girl's last night, and Elizabeth and
  Sarah had promised the muffin to make the night special.  
When Elizabeth arrived at her suite, she found the two muffins nude sprawled
  across her bed. The girls had spent the day on the practice Jessica 3000 to
  make sure all would go off without a hitch, so their vaginas and asses were
  very sore.  
A round of liqueur soon got the women in the mood and soon the trio were
  fucking like bunnies. The two spit muffins had brought their favorite dildos
  and vibrators and Elizabeth had gone to an adult sex shop to pick up a few
  gems of her own.  
The love toys, tongues and fingers were put to good use, all night.  
Copious amounts of liqueur was consumed, mixed with other drugs to make the
  evening special.  
When the women could no longer muster energy for their love games, Judith
  promised Elizabeth that she would do her best to make Elizabeth's day memorable
  and the spit muffin made the beautiful actress promise to eat her cunt filet.  
With that declaration, the three slipped into blissful sleep.  
The Roast   
The three beauties rose early for the big day and had a light breakfast.
  Judith was filled with glee and nervous energy. Her big day had come. Elizabeth
  was a bit torn but she could understand her paramour's enthusiasm. Elizabeth
  caught herself wishing she too could ride the Jessica 3000 for real and feed
  her fans, her ultimate offering.  
At the studio, the three women were meticulously cleaned and groomed. Of
  course, special attention was paid to the muffins anuses and vaginas.  
As Elizabeth got ready for her makeup, the director announced to the women
  that the climax of the Celebrity Roast would be the real spitting, roasting
  and consumption of Elizabeth. As Elizabeth sagged, he quickly announced that
  Sarah would, of course,  
be used for the actual spitting and roasting and she would be eaten.  
Judith and Sarah hugged joyously, as a bewildered Elizabeth wobbled to makeup.  
A radiant beautiful Elizabeth returned from makeup dressed in a sexy, stylish
  red satin gown.  
She sought out the muffins and listened to a joyful Sarah tell her, "I'm
  in heaven. This has always been my fondest dream. Not only did I get to make
  love with my screen idol and share in her life. But I get to be eaten at her
  special dinner. This is a lot better than when we won the cheerleading finals,
  last year. But, there is one problem. Can you manage to eat two cunt filets?"  
Elizabeth promised to try.  
Then the director yelled the infamous line, "Lights. Cameras. Action" and
  the show began.  
The interviewer, acting as the emcee, began with the Elizabeth Hurley bio
  and all was set into motion. Elizabeth was lost by what was happening but by
  glancing at the monitors and with her knowledge of how TV productions went,
  she knew her comments with edited clips were creating a seamless tribute to
  her and her acting career. At least she hoped that was the case.  
After a commercial break, the emcee announced that the time had come for
  the spit muffins to be prepared for the oven and the barbeque pit. He announced
  that Elizabeth Hurley had volunteered to be roasted for her Celebrity Roast
  to honour all her fans in New Heden and a video clip of Elizabeth signing her
  volunteer form was shown. The next scene was Elizabeth removing her dazzling
  red gown and undressing completely.  
It was announced that Elizabeth and Judith, a spit muffin volunteer and a
  member of the Dolcett Elizabeth Hurley fan club would pleasure each other,
  to intensive the flavour and tenderness of their flesh. For an hour the studio
  audience and the TV audience were treated to the two beauties making wild,
  passionate lesbian love.  
Beckie and another muffin were introduced and toweled Elizabeth/Sarah and
  Judith clean, sensuously and erotically.  
Judith was led to a Jessica 3000 and was gutted as the emcee explained the
  procedure to the few in the audience who were not familiar with the steps.
  The public show version of the gutting, minimizing the gore of blood and intestines,
  was used. Judith was stuffed, arranged on the Jessica 3000 and spitted as the
  emcee announced the familiar steps of the process. Spitted and properly secured,
  Judith was taken to the roasting pit. A, on site, reporter got a raspy comment
  from the muffin as she was being taken to the pit, "This is the crowning moment
  of my life. I hope all the diners enjoy my meat."  
A video clip of an excited Judith talking, about how she was looking forward
  to her spitting, roasting and being made meat, was aired.  
Elizabeth/Sarah was led through the studio audience and acknowledge all their
  praise and good wishes. She enthusiastically mounted the Jessica 3000, as clips
  from the commercial tapings were aired. The actress was extolling the virtues
  of volunteering for spit muffin status in New Heden and the joys that would
  accrue.  
A clean gutting was done for benefit of any queasy viewers. Most of the time,
  the camera was focused on the muffin's face, showing a radiant smile, only
  occasionally marred by grimaces of pain. The empty body cavity was stuffed
  and the wound sealed with special glue and meat girl bandages that hid the
  wound. The cooks moved the body into the position they had earlier decided
  upon. The muffins magnificent breasts and pussy were fully displayed and the
  beautiful face made the focal point of the presentation. To the polite applause
  of the studio audience Elizabeth/Sarah was taken to the large oven, where both
  the in studio audience and home viewers could watch her cook to a perfect golden
  brown.  
Approximately 40 minutes into the cooking, the cameras zoomed in on the beauty's
  face and the announcer reported that Elizabeth/Sarah had become meat.  
A similar declaration had been made 10 minutes earlier for Judith. Each time
  the audience quietly applauded.  
The tributes continued all afternoon and into the early evening with clips
  of the various interviews and scenes from Elizabeth Hurley's movie and TV career.
  Of course, there was a great deal of coverage centred on the two roasting spit
  muffins.  
 When cooks pronounced the girl meat ready for dining, special carts arrived
  on site and the two roasted spit muffins were ceremoniously plated and wheeled
  though the studio to waiting vans.  
TV cameras followed the vans a short distance to Dodge's Hilltop Restaurant.  
The ornate meat girl platters were ceremoniously wheel into the dining room
  to a loud standing ovation.  
Mayor Loco motioned for the restaurant patrons to be seated. Next, he said
  a New Heden style of grace, thanking the spit muffins, especially Elizabeth
  for their gift of meat and instructed the cooks to serve dinner. Applause broke
  out once again as the cooks carved girl meat and served the guests. As a gesture
  of kindness, portions of Judith and Sarah's cunt filets were taken to a sequestered
  Elizabeth. Elizabeth kept her promise to her lovers and ate their flesh.  
The meat was tender and savory and with each bite Elizabeth reminisced over
  the past few days with the lovely girls.  
Of course, the cameras continued to roll and present to an envious home audience,
  a scene of opulent consumption.  
For the home audience, a local resident of Dolcett that had been chosen to
  represent the common people and he was interviewed. Mr. Katatoauton had
  a big smile on his face, as a plate of Elizabeth was brought to his table,
  for him to enjoy. As he savored the meat, he commented that Elizabeth Hurley
  was his favorite actress and eating this portion of her flesh would be the
  high point of his life.  
Of course, all the city dignitaries and studio execs were counting their
  blessings as they enjoyed the girl meat.  
Elizabeth Hurley &ndash; Spit Muffin   
   
James had insured that Elizabeth had been given copious amounts of her liqueur
  and other drugs to sedate her. Elizabeth's agent had been told ahead of time
  that Sarah would sub for Elizabeth and no harm would come to his client. Two
  expert muffins had been assigned to keep the man preoccupied and happy, so
  the agent presented no problems. Just to be on the safe side, the agent would
  be kept confined.  
The next morning, James awoke Elizabeth and allowed the beauty to regain
  some sobriety. Elizabeth sobbed pitifully when she was told that she would
  be spitted and roasted like Sarah, later that day. James told Elizabeth that
  100 of the richest men and women in the world had paid $10,000 each, to dine
  on her flesh. The $1,000,000 legacy would find its way to Elizabeth's chosen
  heirs as a final payment to her. James asked Elizabeth to remember Judith and
  Sarah and the last few days. He told Elizabeth that she had spent the last
  week as a spit muffin with her spit muffin brethren. He urged Elizabeth to
  embrace the experience as a muffin and go to the spit joyously.  
Elizabeth simply responded by drinking a copious amount of liqueur.  
Early that afternoon, James arrived to take Elizabeth to Dodge's Hilltop
  Restaurant for her final performance. The actress was somber and docile. She
  had been dressed in her red satin gown and groomed to perfection by the studio
  makeup artists.  
Just to be sure, James offered a large glass of liqueur to Elizabeth that
  she greedily gulped down.  
Elizabeth was escorted into the restaurant by James, to a thunderous standing
  ovation. The roasting would take hours but everyone had arrived early for the
  complete show.  
A special platform had been erected as centre stage and Elizabeth was taken
  to that stage. Beckie and another spit muffin joined Elizabeth. The muffins
  were nude. The girls proceed to undress Elizabeth as erotically as they could.  
Mayor Loco, acting as an emcee, told the assembled elite that the two women
  with Elizabeth had volunteered to give their meat that day, also. There was
  polite applause.  
He announced that in keeping with established practice, the spit muffins
  would pleasure each other to impart special flavours that only sexual orgasm
  could produce.  
Beckie once again demonstrated the skills she had learned as a porn star.
  Interest was so great that many patrons left their seats for a momentary close-up
  view of the spectacle.  
James and his associates gauged the audiences' interest in the sexual extravaganza
  and allowed the show to go on for one hour.  
At the end of the hour, a Jessica 3000 was brought to the platform and Beckie
  was secured for gutting and spitting. The public display mode would be used,
  only this time a little blood would be allowed to splatter on the cooks' white
  uniforms. As the gutting blade torn into Beckie's torso, the muffin screamed
  in agony and thrashed about. As the cook finished the gutted and stuffed the
  cavity, the beauty screamed that she had changed her mind and pleaded for mercy.
  The cooks ignored the screams and pleas, and soon the yelling was stilled by
  the spit poking out of Beckie's mouth. Beckie was ceremoniously taken to the
  glassed in barbeque pit and put on to roast.  
Muffin two was tried by her hands and feet to a rectangular frame and the
  patrons were invited to order their favorite body parts, which would be prepared
  according to the diner's wishes. The muffin would be displayed for one hour.
  As orders were taken, the unavailability of the flesh would be indicated by
  a blood-red marker.  
The room dimmed and a spotlight centred on Elizabeth. The Head Chef moved
  to prepare the movie star. Elizabeth had been jolted back to reality by Beckie's
  screams. James had advised the Head Chef to administer another dose of liqueur
  to quiet the beauty, but when the drink was offered, Elizabeth declined and
  whispered that she wanted to honour Judith and Sarah by going into the oven
  as a true spit muffin. The chef looked to James and at his nod, the drink was
  taken away. A local anesthetic was applied to the star's torso to ease the
  pain of the very sharp knife and the stuffing of the empty body cavity was
  done quickly. Gluing and taping of the wound was done expertly and quickly
  so that the body appeared to be intact and whole. Elizabeth was arranged in
  the same position as her stand-in, the day earlier to display her breasts and
  mons-veneris and highlight her beautiful face.  
Once in the pan, James had the star loaded on to a cart and asked the actress
  if she had any last request. Surprisingly, Elizabeth asked to be wheeled through
  the room to acknowledge her fans. James slowly wheeled the cart to every table
  and Elizabeth bravely acknowledged each compliment and all the praise, sometimes
  with a small smile. A thunderous last standing ovation ushered Elizabeth Hurley
  into the roasting oven.  
Hushed murmurs went through the crowd as first Beckie and then Elizabeth
  were made girl meat.  
The second muffin was taken to the kitchen to have her meat harvested for
  entr&eacute;es after an hour of being on display. The restaurant patrons spent
  the rest of the afternoon watching the Elizabeth Hurley Roast and Testimonial,
  while watching Elizabeth cook to a delicious golden brown.  
Many of the patrons of the grand meal had made other arrangements to keep
  their lust and passions churning as the spit muffins cooked.  
Some took advantage of the bar viewing window and watched the cooks harvest
  the girl meat from the pretty muffin. The thrill of watching the preparation
  of their meat was an orgasmic turn-on, which could not be denied. As with Rachel,
  the harvesting of the cunt filet, breasts, rumps and leg meat was accompanied
  by quiet moans as both men and women rubbed their genitalia in lust and passion.  
More often than not, a rendezvous with a spouse and/or lover was consummated
  in a waiting limousine or hotel room. Glamorous call girls, provided by the
  event sponsors, also did a brisk business.  
When the Head Chef pronounced the roasts ready, the waiters removed Beckie
  and as her flesh cooled, Elizabeth was plated amid a colourful m&eacute;lange
  of vegetables and wheeled through the dining room.  
The room was silent and in awe as Elizabeth was wheeled through the room
  slowly so that all could ogle the beautiful golden-brown form. The cart stopped
  in front of the tables of the most distinguished luminaries and the choicest
  cuts of girl meat were served on gold plates, with local seasonal vegetables.
  The Fille Mignon went to a senior member of the White House. Breasts were served
  to CEOs of the top Fortune 666 companies. The actress's feet fed a senator
  and four-star general. Before the evening was over, all the restaurant patrons
  would receive a portion of the savory flesh.  
The two other muffins ensured that all patrons would be well fed and. in
  the end; all the patrons unanimously agreed that their exorbitant bill of fare
  had been money well spent and the evening had been memorable.  
A week later, newspaper headlines announced that a private Lear jet carrying
  the popular British actress had disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle. The actress
  had been vacationing and pursuing a part in a TV series, in the West Indies
  with her agent.  
After the search and rescue was called off, the interview and retrospective
  of Elizabeth Hurley, filmed in Dolcett, received worldwide play.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DolSade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





