BDSM Library - Omorashi Academy




Omorashi Academy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tales of a boarding school designed to break young women and turn them into twisted perverts. The signature technique used by the school to warp its victims is to force them to break their toilet-training - thus the school's nickname, from the Japanese word for 'bathroom accident'.Omorashi Academy 
Chapter 1: The First Day 
 "Kimiko! Sit still!" barked Mr. Johnson, glaring at the new student from
  over the tops of his spectacles. Kimiko wilted under the attention, and tried
  to stop rubbing her legs together, whimpering softly. 
It's not fair , thought Kimiko, her face pale as she clutched at
  the edge of her skirt. He already said no to a hall pass, and now he's
  yelling at me for trying to hold it?  She glanced at the clock, and groaned
  inwardly. Forty- five minutes to go... 
 It was two weeks since Kimiko Saeki's mother had decided to send her away
  to the Alderson Institute, a secluded but well-regarded boarding school - at
  least, according to the literature they'd received in the mail. The elder Saeki
  hadn't investigated much further - after all, the reason she was sending her
  daughter to boarding school in the first place was that she hadn't the time
  to take proper care of Kimiko. Perhaps a closer look would've warned Kimiko's
  mother that something was amiss about the Institute. And then again, perhaps
  not - the Institute was well-practiced at hiding its true nature from casual
  observation. 
 Certainly neither Kimiko nor her mother had noticed anything unusual when
  the girl was moving in; the facilities and rooms were quiet, and the staff
  polite and friendly. As an incoming eighth-grader, Kimiko had been assigned
  a senior as a roommate; Bridget was a leggy blonde with a cheerful disposition
  and a twinkle in her eye. 
 Kimiko Saeki herself was quite pretty - or at least, that's what her mother
  had always told her. And, well, it was true. She was a petite young half-Japanese
  girl, just beginning to bloom into womanhood - she'd gotten her first bra over
  the summer, and was very proud of the fact that she'd finally started to develop.
  She kept her straight black hair cropped in a short pageboy cut, with a blue
  ribbon tied in it. 
 One of the first things Kimiko had noticed was that there wasn't much time
  between classes; three minutes was barely enough time to get from one class
  to the next. She hadn't even really noticed this  until just before
  third period, when she realized her bladder was starting to get a little full,
  and the line to the restroom looked a little long. 
 Just before fourth period, she'd waited a full minute in the line before
  she had to rush to class with an achingly full bladder - and Mr. Johnson had
  refused to give her a hall pass, saying that "You should've taken care of yourself
  between classes. You're expected to be a grown-up in this  school." 
 So now Kimiko was stuck - sitting in an interminable lecture, her need to
  pee inexorably growing every moment. She'd tried to catch Mr. Johnson's eye,
  to ask again, but his expression was formidable and unsympathetic. She squirmed
  in her seat again, trying to control her bladder, only to freeze again at another
  glare from the teacher. 
 Thirty minutes to go now, and Kimiko simply couldn't sit still any longer
  - she was constantly shifting her slender hips on the hard wood of the chair,
  her thighs crossing one over the other, her hand pressing into her crotch to
  hold her aching bladder. Mr. Johnson, seeing this, snapped, "Stop that this
  instant, young lady! Either sit still, or you can stand in the corner in front
  of the class!" 
 "Y-yes, Mr. Johnson," squeaked Kimiko, as she tried to straighten up in her
  seat... and then her face went pale with shock. She slammed her knees tight
  together, but it was no use - she could feel the hot wetness soaking into the
  crotch of her panties and spreading down her bottom. 
 Seconds later, the entire class was mumbling to one another and staring at
  Kimiko - or more accurately, at the fragrant yellow cascade pouring from the
  back of her chair and spreading in a puddle beneath her desk. Her eyes tight
  shut and her face blushing to the roots of her short black hair, Kimiko was
  helpless to do anything but sit there and wet herself in front of everyone. 
 Mr. Johnson watched impassively, waiting until the flood had slowed to a
  slow trickle, and then a drip. "Are you quite finished, Kimiko?" he asked,
  his tone cold and sarcastic. Starting slightly in her chair, Kimiko swallowed,
  and then nodded mutely, tears of shame beginning to form in her eyes. 
 "Good," said the teacher. "Now come up to the front of the classroom and
  stand in the corner. I will not  tolerate a student who has no self-control!" 
 "But sir," protested the shame-faced Kimiko, "I couldn't help-" 
 "Silence!" roared Mr. Johnson. "I will not tolerate excuses either! Now on
  your feet, little girl!" 
 Stifling a response, Kimiko nodded, sniffling softly. She got up, and walked
  past the snickering and muttering students on either side of her, feeling the
  tears begin to start - and also feeling the way that the back of her school
  skirt, which she'd been sitting on, was now clinging wetly to the backs of
  her thighs, and the way her sodden underwear was quickly growing cold and clammy. 
 By the time she reached the corner, she was sobbing in shame and humiliation,
  and was more than happy to face the corner so that she didn't have to look
  at the faces of her fellow students - even if that meant that the piss-soaked
  patch on the back of her skirt was plainly displayed for all to see, as well
  as the tiny rivulets of urine that were running down the backs of her thighs
  from her saturated panties and being absorbed by her socks. 
 The next half hour seemed to take an eternity, as Kimiko stood there in her
  peed panties - but finally the bell rang and the students began to file out,
  a janitor pushing past them and heading toward the puddle under Kimiko's desk.
  Kimiko turned to Mr. Johnson, and asked timidly, "Sir, can I please have a
  late pass to my next class?" 
 "Certainly not! What makes you think you need one?" 
 "I, uh, I need to change my panties... and my skirt-" 
 "Nonsense! If you pee in your panties like a little girl, it's your own fault.
  Which reminds me..." He scribbled on a notepad and handed it to her. "I'll
  expect to see you after school for an hour detention for disrupting my class." 
 "B-but sir!" Kimiko wailed, shifting her weight uncomfortably. "I'll have
  to go the whole day with-" 
 "Are you going to stand here and argue with me, young lady, or are you going
  to get to your next class?" 
 Kimiko's lower lip trembled, but she mutely accepted the detention slip and
  filed out of the classroom, whimpering as her soggy panties shifted and clung
  to her rump. The syllabus had been very clear that tardiness was unacceptable,
  and she'd already gotten one detention on her very first day - she was in dread
  of what might happen to her if she committed another offense. 
 Catcalls followed Kimiko down the hall as she rushed to fifth period, and
  several students pointed at the wet patch on her skirt. Covering her face,
  she cried as she ran - in the shame and disgust over the urine-drenched panties
  clinging to her crotch, she completely failed to notice that a few other students
  were doing the same thing... 
 Kimiko tried to sneak into Mr. Jarvis' math class without anyone noticing
  her. Unfortunately, one of her classmates from Mr. Johnson's class was ready. 
 "Well, if it isn't Little Miss Kimmy Potty-pants!" jeered Brenda, a red-headed
  girl who looked about a year older than Kimiko - several inches taller and
  with bigger breasts. Brenda was also one of nature's bullies, and she'd already
  managed to assemble a small clique. As Brenda mocked her less fortunate (and
  wetter) fellow student, her cronies took up the cry. "Little Kimmy Potty-pants!
  Little Kimmy Potty-pants! Gonna pee for us some more, Little Kimmy Potty-pants?" 
 "Shut up!" whined Kimiko, her face reddening anew. "I couldn't help it! Leave
  me alone!" But her pleas only encouraged her tormentors, repeating their cruel
  chant until Kimiko was crying again, burying her face in her hands. 
 "Let's see Kimiko's potty pants!" exclaimed Brenda suddenly, and before Kimiko
  could react, she'd pulled the smaller girl's skirt up. Several other students,
  who'd just now been looking up to see what all the fuss was about, began to
  murmur or giggle as they got a good look at the girl's pee-stained panties.
  Most of them were repulsed and looked away, but a few - especially the boys
  - were ogling the girl's wet panties with the undisciplined lust of the young
  adolescent male. 
 "NO!" squealed Kimiko, now nearly in hysterics. "C-c-cut it out, or I, I,
  I'll tell!" She tried to tug her skirt away from Brenda's grasp, but the other
  girl was too strong for her, and so poor Kimiko's sodden underwear remained
  on display as Brenda continued the taunting. "Awww, poor widdle Kimiko went
  pee-pee in her panties! Sooo yucky! Does widdle baby Kimmy need a diaper? Oooh!
  I bet she's gonna go poo-poo in them too! Kimmy wanna poo her panties for us?" 
 Unable to do anything other than flail ineffectually at her tormentor, Kimiko
  was red uced to a blubbering bawling wreck - and then Brenda let go of the
  skirt and scuttled to her seat, suddenly the picture of studious innocence.
  As Kimiko's skirt mercifully fluttered back down over her shamefully soaked
  panties, she looked up just in time for Mr. Jarvis to walk into the room. 
 "Would you like to sit down, young lady, or do you want to remain standing
  the whole period?" said Mr. Jarvis sarcastically, evoking another brief storm
  of giggling at Kimiko's expense. Red-faced, humiliated, and teary-eyed, Kimiko
  could only stumble toward her desk, wincing as the cold wet cotton pressed
  into her rump. 
 Kimiko didn't learn much in the last three periods of the day - the discomfort
  and smell of her cold wet underwear, and the occasional taunting of her classmates,
  made it hard to concentrate on anything else. Three very wet and uncomfortable
  hours later, Kimiko was rushing back to Mr. Johnson's classroom as fast as
  she could despite the rumbling sensations in her tummy. The detention note
  had been quite clear - three minutes after seventh period, without fail. 
 "Ah, Kimiko," said Mr. Johnson, closing the door behind her as the bell rang. "So
  good of you to come. Take off your skirt, please," he added matter-of-factly. 
 "W-what?" asked Kimiko, going pale with shock. 
 "You heard me," said Mr. Johnson calmly. "Take off your skirt and show me
  what you did in your panties in my class." 
 Kimiko shook her head. "N-no! You can't do this!" she protested, beginning
  to grow outraged. 
 "I don't believe you understand the situation here, Kimiko," said Mr. Johnson,
  putting his hand on the girl's shoulder and walking around here. "At the Alderson
  Institute, we expect our students to be obedient . That means you
  do as you're told..." He leaned down to look Kimiko in the eye. "Or you will
  be punished. Do I make myself clear?" His hand tightened on Kimiko's shoulder,
  not quite to the point of pain but firmly enough to make it clear exactly who
  was in charge. 
 Cowed by the man, Kimiko shook her head, the tears starting again, but she
  reached down to unzip her skirt, which soon whispered to the floor. Mr. Johnson
  nodded. "Good," he said, as he stood back and began to circle Kimiko once more,
  looking down at her sodden panties. 
 The panties were pure white cotton, standard issue for the Institute - but
  now, there was a prominent half-moon yellow stain on the seat of them, the
  wet fabric folded and wrinkled as it clung to her firm young bottom, and to
  her crotch as well. As Mr. Johnson ogled her, Kimiko managed to find the courage
  to speak up again. "S-sir?" 
 "Yes, what is it, Kimiko?" said the teacher, sounding distracted as he studied
  her wet panties. 
 "I, I need to go to the bathroom, sir." 
 "You just did, three hours ago. In your panties." He gestured to the evidence
  clinging to her loins. 
 "N-no, sir, I need to do, uh, do the other. Number two," she mumbled, blushing
  all the more intensely. 
 "You'll just have to wait, young lady. You've had all day." 
 "Sir, please -" 
 "If you speak out of turn one more time, young lady, you'll get another half-hour
  of detention! Now sit down and be quiet! And start writing. One hundred times:
  'I will not urinate in my panties during class.'" 
 This threat shut Kimiko up promptly, and she quickly retired to a desk at
  the front of the room, grateful for the way this slightly hid her exposed,
  dirty panties from the man, and began to write. 
 Time passed... and though her arm and hand ached from the writing, the urge
  to defecate was worse. Kimiko pressed her bottom into the seat, whimpering
  as this squished the wet panties against her tender skin, moaning as her tummy
  gurgled - in her urgent need to go, she was completely oblivious to the way
  that Mr. Johnson was avidly watching her show of desperation. 
 Twenty minutes in, Kimiko could take no more. Her voice edged with pain,
  Kimiko said, "Please sir, please let me go to the bathroom!" 
 "Half an hour more," Mr. Johnson said calmly, cruelly, looking her in the
  eye. 
 Kimiko whimpered plaintively, staring at the man and biting her lip... and
  then winced with pain as she felt her bowels began to move. Leaning forward
  and clutching at her desk, she groaned, and the odor of fresh shit filled the
  room as the poor girl felt her already-dirty panties begin to fill. 
 Mr. Johnson said nothing - simply watched as Kimiko, sobbing with horror
  and shame, squatted at her desk and helplessly pooped in her panties. He said
  nothing until it was clear that she was done, as the girl slumped forward against
  her desk and began to bawl. 
 "Disgraceful," he said, getting up from his desk and standing beside her. "Sit
  down!" he snapped, taking her shoulder and forcing her back into the seat -
  there was a wet squelch, and Kimiko nearly screamed in disgust as her bottom
  was forced into the pile of crap, which oozed all through her panties and began
  to leak out of the leg-holes. "And when you're finished writing your first
  hundred sentences, you can start another two hundred of 'I will not defecate
  in my panties during detention." 
 Kimiko barely heard this, her throat welling up with choked sobs. Oh
    god...  she was thinking to herself. Please, please let me go clean
    up... I feel so filthy...  But something about the unsympathetic reaction
    to her earlier pleas warned her not to speak her complaints out loud. Instead,
    she suffered in silence, writing more slowly now thanks to the distraction
    of the filthy mess she'd been forced to sit in. 
 Another half hour passed - an half hour of hell, as Kimiko cried and wrote
  and marinated in her own feces, unable to decide which was worse: the stench
  of her own shit, the horrible slimy sensation of the muck clinging to her tender
  rear, or just the humiliation of having wet and messed herself like a little
  baby. As the first hour of her detention drew to a close, though, she realized
  something worse yet - she needed to pee again. Fearing the worst, she timidly
  raised her hand. 
 "What is it now, Kimiko?" sighed Mr. Johnson, affecting exasperation. 
 "I, I need to go pee again," whimpered Kimiko, cringing as she spoke. 
 "Oh you do, do you? Then stand up!" said the cruel teacher. The girl complied,
  trembling, holding her hands in front of herself. Mr. Johnson looked her up
  and down, and said, "Now pee." 
 "W-what?" gasped Kimiko. This was just too much! She'd expected just to be
  denied the bathroom, but to be ordered  to pee her panties? "R-right
  here?" 
 "That's right. You don't deserve  to go to the bathroom, you filthy
  little girl. If you have to pee, then you can just stand right there and piss
  in your panties." 
 Kimiko gulped and looked at Mr. Johnson pleadingly, but as his expression
  hardened and he opened his mouth as if to snap at her again, she swallowed
  and shut her eyes tight, and let go. She moaned in disgust as her already-saturated
  panties began to dissolve her shit into gooey mush - and then her moan dissolved
  into a keening wail as the piss began to trickle down her legs, running into
  her socks and soaking them as well. Mr. Johnson sat back and inwardly gloated
  to himself as he watched this pretty young girl, this almost-a-woman, stand
  there and cry and helplessly urinate in her panties. 
 The flow of urine down Kimiko's legs finally came to a stop, but her humiliated
  sobbing didn't. Even when Mr. Johnson barked, "Now sit down and get back to
  work!" the tears continued unabated, even as the girl stumbled back into her
  seat, her wails redoubled as she sat in the urine-softened crap in her panties.
  Slowly, very slowly, Kimiko's pencil began to move across the paper again,
  as her crying just as slowly settled into sniffles and whimpers - and coughs,
  as she nearly choked on the acrid stench she'd made in her underwear. 
 Finally, as Mr. Johnson said, "Time!" Kimiko looked at her paper, and sighed
  in despair. "I... I've got another hundred and twenty sentences to go, Mr.
  Johnson," she murmured, hiccoughing from the long crying fit. 
 "Then we'll finish your punishment tommorow," replied Mr. Johnson. "Stand
  up!" And as she did so, the teacher examined the shit-filled underwear... and
  began to pull them down. 
 "W-what are you doing?" Kimiko whimpered, but softly - the past hour had
  taken a lot of the fight out of her, and so she hardly flinched despite the
  fact that her naked young sex was exposed now, the hairless folds slightly
  reddened from the urine-soaked cotton that had been clinging to them all afternoon. 
 "Preparing for tomorrow," Mr. Johnson explained. "You'll wear these for your
  detention tomorrow." 
 "N-no..." Kimiko whispered, her heart sinking. "No, please don't make me
  do that... they're so filthy..." 
 "And why are they filthy, young lady?" asked the teacher, glaring up at her. 
 Kimiko bit her lip, but the admission was forced from her. "Because... because
  I went to the bathroom in them..." she sniffled. 
 "That's right. Little girls who potty in their panties are filthy, and so
  they deserve to wear their filthy panties." 
 Wincing in shame, Kimiko could only nod in acknowledgment. "I'm sorry, sir," she
  moaned. 
 "You'll learn," said Mr. Johnson. "Now go back to the dorm and get cleaned
  up, Miss Kimiko Potty-Pants." 
 Cringing at the terrible insult, stung by the reminder of Brenda's taunting,
  Kimiko could do nothing but return to the center of the room, hurriedly put
  her skirt on over her bare and shit-smeared bottom, and rush out of the classroom. 
 Mr. Johnson turned the soiled panties in his hands, admiring the pale yellow
  ring above the crotch where the piss was almost dry, and of course the thick
  brown lumpy load filling the seat. Putting the panties in a plastic bag, he
  grinned to himself in sadistic glee. "Oh, will you ever learn..." 
Omorashi Academy 
Chapter 2: Bad Little Girls 
 "What's the matter, Kimiko?" Bridget asked, as her younger roommate came
  into the dorm room, bawling her eyes out. Kimiko just shook her head and flopped
  onto her bed, crying into her pillow.  
 Bridget crossed the room and put a hand on the girl's shoulder. "What happened?" she
  asked again. "Are you okay?" She wrinkled her nose - this close, she could
  smell the faint but unmistakable odor of shit.  
 "Nuh-nuh-nothing..." mumbled Kimiko into her pillow, her shoulders shaking.  
 Bridget knelt by the bed and stroked the girl's back. "It's okay, hon...
  you don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. But... if you need someone
  to talk to, I'm here. What are roommates for?"  
 Though her tone was kind and soothing, Bridget smiled cruelly to herself
  - she knew full well that the poor girl had had an accident. Or rather, an "accident",
  since as Bridget also knew from personal experience, the Alderson Institute
  provided countless opportunities for its female students to mess in their panties. A
  first-day, Bridget thought to herself, and too embarrassed to even talk
  about it. Oh, she's going to be such fun!  
 Kimiko sobbed and shook her head, but slowly and by degrees began to relax
  as Bridget comforted her, and her tears eventually subsided. Still trembling,
  she turned to Bridget and leaned forward, and Bridget wrapped her arms around
  her roommate and gathered her into a hug, holding her comfortingly. "There,
  there..." she murmured. "It's gonna be all right..."  
 
 The next day, Kimiko was determined not to have a repeat of the day before.
  Despite the long lines to the girls' restrooms, Kimiko made a point of visiting
  it as often as she could, whether she needed to or not.  
 So, by fourth period, she was able to sit quite still in Mr. Johnson's class.
  Or at least, there were no bodily urges pressing upon her. But she did squirm
  when she caught Mr. Johnson's eye, provoking a half-smirk from him - she knew
  full well that the rest of her terrible punishment was awaiting her at the
  end of the day.  
 This is outrageous, Kimiko thought to herself. He has no right
    to make me put on my messed panties! And she returned his smirk with
    a hostile glare, and then looked down at her textbook again.  
 By the time the detention hour rolled around, Kimiko was determined. He was not going
  to get away with punishing her that way! She walked toward his classroom with
  strong, confident strides. The slight twinge in her bladder worried her not
  at all - she'd have no trouble holding it all the way through. She'd show him!  
 "Ah, if it isn't my favorite little panty-wetter. Come in," said Mr. Johnson
  with a smile, as he pulled yesterday's plastic bag from his drawer, the filthy
  panties still sealed inside. "Please, put these on," he said, matter-of-factly,
  holding out the bag.  
 "No!" declared Kimiko.  
 "No?" asked Mr. Johnson mildly, peering over his glasses.  
 "No!" she responded. "You have no right to do this to me! I'm not gonna do
  it!"  
 "Is that so..." said Mr. Johnson, gently setting the bag on his desk, and
  reaching down into the drawer again. Then, before Kimiko could even flinch,
  he stood up, strode forward, and grabbed the girl by the wrist, clamping a
  handcuff onto it. The cuffs were of slightly non-standard design, two normal
  wrist cuffs, with a second chain attached between the wrists and leading to
  a rather smaller locking mechanism.  
 "What are you - let me go!" shouted Kimiko, struggling futilely in his grasp. "Stop
  it! I'll scream!"  
 "Go ahead," said Mr. Johnson, as he reached for her other flailing hand,
  finally latching onto it as well and tugging it forward into the handcuffs. "The
  classrooms are quite soundproof, and besides, there's no one but other teachers
  here at this time of day."  
 Kimiko screamed nonetheless, her young voice cracking as she cried out "Help!
  Help! Mr. Johnson's attacking me!"  
 "You're a lot livelier today, Kimiko dear," said Mr. Johnson, over her screams. "You
  didn't put up this much of a fight yesterday. I wonder why?" By now, he'd locked
  the handcuffs to the desk, and was lifting up her skirt. "No matter. You will
  learn obedience, one way or another!" And with that, he had started to spank
  the girl, his hand slapping hard against her panty-clad rump.  
 "OWWW! What are you - OOWWW!" Kimiko exclaimed, howling in shock and pain
  as Mr. Johnson's callused hand walloped her tender behind. By the time the
  spanking was done, she was crying and gulping, but her expression was still
  twisted in anger when Mr. Johnson reached into the desk again and pulled out
  a bottle of pills. Shaking one into his palm, he held it up to her mouth. "Take
  this," he instructed.  
 "Wh-what is it?" Kimiko quavered, as she leaned away from his hand.  
 "A diuretic," explained Mr. Johnson. "A drug designed to make your body produce
  urine faster. This one acts pretty quickly - it shouldn't take more than a
  half hour for your bladder to fill."  
 It took a moment for the implication to sink in - and then Kimiko went berserk,
  flailing and yanking at the handcuffs. "NO! NO! You can't make me take that,
  it's not fair! It's not fair!"  
 Mr. Johnson took hold of Kimiko's short dark hair. "This is your punishment
  for disobeying me when you came in," he said gruffly, yanking her head back. "And
  if you continue to fight me, your punishment will only get worse. Now open
  your mouth!"  
 Kimiko screamed as her hair was tugged painfully back - and this was enough
  for Mr. Johnson. With practiced aim, he dropped the pill straight down the
  girl's throat. "Now swallow!" he demanded, holding her mouth shut and pinching
  her nose.  
 Kimiko struggled for a moment longer... but as she grew short of air, eventually
  she had no choice. Her throat moved, and she swallowed. Mr. Johnson opened
  her mouth again with one hand while the other hand kept hold of her hair, and
  he did a quick search of the girl's mouth, making sure that she hadn't hidden
  it under her tongue. Satisfied, he let go of her hair.  
 "hff... pff... You'll never get away with this," Kimiko gasped as she slumped
  forward, her hands resting on the desk. The horrible pill, she knew, was heading
  down her gullet, and would soon be working its way on her body.  
 "Teachers have the authority to administer whatever punishments they see
  fit," said Mr. Johnson as he unlocked the handcuffs from the desk again, then
  dragged the girl across the room. He pressed a rocker switch on the wall, causing
  a rope to lower from the ceiling, and he hooked the cuffs onto the metal ring
  on the end. Activating the rocker switch again, he adjusted the rope so that
  it held Kimiko's arms straight in the air, leaving her just barely able to
  stand on both feet.  
 "It's not fair," sobbed Kimiko. "Let me go..." Ignoring the girl's pleas,
  Johnson reached down to her skirt and lifted it up, tucking the hem into the
  waistband. This provoked a scream of humiliated outrage from Kimiko, and she
  tried to kick at him. "Put that back down! I don't want you looking at my panties!"  
 "Still disobedient, eh?" said Mr. Johnson, easily dodging her flailing foot. "I've
  got the cure for that." One more visit back to his desk, and he came back with
  a pair of rubber bulbs. "A little enema should do the trick."  
 After all the indignities that had already been visited on her, Kimiko could
  only whimper at this one - and so shocked was she that it didn't even occur
  to her to wonder why a schoolteacher would happen to have enema bulbs
  in his desk. Or handcuffs. Or a handy rope to drop from the ceiling. "N-no...
  you can't... please..."  
 Unmoved, Mr. Johnson lifted the back of her skirt and tugged down the seat
  of her panties. Ignoring the flailing of her feet, he pressed the nozzle of
  the first bulb into her anus, and squeezed, forcing the solution into Kimiko's
  unwilling bowels, then repeated the process with the second, finally tugging
  Kimiko's panties back into place.  
 Kimiko shook her head, sobbing, and then groaning as she already felt her
  bowels begin to cramp. "N-no... stop it... let me go to the bathroom..."  
 "Good little girls do as they're told, Kimiko," said Mr. Johnson, patting
  her on the shoulder. "Little girls who don't do as they're told are bad little
  girls. And bad little girls," he added, completing the cruel logic, "don't
  get to enjoy the privilege of using the toilet. When bad little girls pee and
  poo, they pee and poo in their panties." He leaned back, enjoyed the look of
  horror that began to spread across Kimiko's face, and then returned to his
  desk to watch the show.  
 Within minutes, Kimiko's bowels were trembling mightily. "It's not fair..." she
  sobbed. "I need to go poo..." She dangled from the handcuffs, her feet rocking
  back and forth and her ass clenching. But protest as she might, squirm as she
  might, Mr. Johnson just kept watching impassively. And eventually, the girl's
  exhausted anus gave up the struggle, and with another plaintive sob, she began
  to fill her panties for the second time in as many days.  
 As the odor of Kimiko's shit began to fill the room, Mr. Johnson stood up
  again. "Awww, did little Kimiko go poopy in her pants?" he cooed mockingly,
  reaching under her skirt and feeling the gooey load, still growing as it weighed
  down the seat of the girl's panties.  
 "S-stop that..." whimpered Kimiko, tears running down her face, followed
  by an "Eeugh!" of disgust as Johnson squeezed, pressing the filthy shit against
  her bottom.  
 The cruel teacher said mildly, "Are you telling me what to do again?" as
  he continued to fondle the girl's shitty panties, smearing the mess up and
  down her butt-cheeks. Kimiko, nearly choking on the smell wafting up from beneath
  her skirt, felt so horribly dirty as Mr. Johnson ruthlessly ground her own
  feces against her bottom, and all she could do was whimper and shake her head.  
 "I didn't think so," said Mr. Johnson, as he wiped his hand on the back of
  her skirt. "Now I haven't forgotten your offense from yesterday, when you pissed
  yourself in class. You're going to have to learn some self control. So you
  have until half-past the hour, and you have to hold it till then. If you pee
  yourself any sooner, you will be punished again. Do I make myself clear?" Kimiko
  looked up at him, her face going pale - she could already feel her bladder
  starting to send its signals - but she nodded meekly. "I'll try," she whimpered.  
 "Trying isn't good enough," he responded. "Your crotch stays dry till half-past,
  or you pay the consequences." And with that, he returned to his desk once more.  
 At first, Kimiko could think of nothing but the smelly shit being held against
  her ass by the panties... but as time went on, and the diuretic worked, soon
  she was squirming again, crossing her legs back and forth, swaying from the
  rope as her desperation grew.  
 "Five minutes," called Mr. Johnson, enjoying the show as young Kimiko struggled
  not to pee, the still-pristine front of her pooped white cotton panties on
  display for him. He'd had years of experience with desperate girls, and as
  he watched the girl writhe with the need to relieve herself, he could see that
  she wouldn't be able to hold it for more than a handful of seconds longer -
  much less five minutes.  
 Kimiko knew it too. Tearfully, she sobbed, "Please, Mr. Johnson... I can't
  hold it any longer... please let me go pee..."  
 "Five minutes," he repeated implacably. "Piss yourself any sooner, and you
  pay the consequences."  
 "It's not fair..." wailed Kimiko, her knees knocking together. "I can't help
  it..." And with that, her head slumped forward, and the crotch of her panties
  blossomed with a wet yellow stain that quickly began to spread up her belly
  and down toward the brown load behind her.  
 "Tsk... Kimiko..." said Mr. Johnson chidingly. "Wetting yourself already?"  
 "It's not fair," Kimiko sobbed again, but she couldn't stop - the hot piss
  began to trickle down her legs and flow into her frilly white ankle socks,
  soaking those as well as her panties. Her shoes quickly overflowed with pee
  and began to spill onto the floor - and still she couldn't stop urinating,
  couldn't stop her body from flooding her panties with dirty yellow piss. Couldn't
  stop wetting herself, until her bladder was finally empty, pungent urine dripping
  from her filthy panties, squishing in her flooded shoes, and wafting its fumes
  around her from the golden puddle beneath her.  
 Mr. Johnson gave her a few moments to wallow in her shame and disgust...
  just long enough to let her think it couldn't get any worse. "Really, Kimiko,
  that was a disgraceful performance. Tomorrow, I'm going to have to put
  you on toilet ban."  
 "T-toilet ban?" Kimiko stuttered, her tear-streaked eyes looking up. No...
    no, surely he couldn't mean...  
 "Tomorrow," said Mr. Johnson, in a formal voice as he pronounced her sentence, "you
  will not be allowed to use the restroom facilities during school hours. Furthermore,
  I remind you that the dress code forbids you from removing your panties outside
  the lavatory." A brief pause. "Therefore, you will have to hold it in all day,
  or else do it in your panties. And you will not be allowed to clean up until
  the end of the day."  
 By the end of Mr. Johnson's speech, Kimiko was crying and stuttering in disgusted
  horror and fear. "N-n-n-no... oh God no... please, that's so horrible... please
  can't I have another punishment instead?" She could clearly remember using
  the bathroom at least twice that day - if she'd had to go in her panties each
  time... "Please, I'll do anything, anything, don't make me pee my panties
  all day, that's so cruel..."  
 Mr. Johnson glared at her for a long moment as his hapless victim writhed
  in helpless shame and fear and disgust. Finally, as Kimiko's desperate protests
  degenerated into helpless blubberign, he said, very quietly, "Anything?" He
  returned to the wall controls, and began to lower the rope again. "Anything?
  Then on your knees, Kimiko..."  
 Still sniffling and dripping, Kimiko let herself be lowered her to the ground,
  wincing as her knees splashed in the puddle of piss. "Wait, what are you -" she
  began, and then her voice trailed off, her eyes widening in shock as Mr. Johnson
  stepped in front of her and unzipped his trousers, presenting his stiff cock
  to her - about seven inches long, but it looked huge to Kimiko's inexperienced
  eyes. "Oh god," moaned Kimiko, leaning back and swaying from her cuffs. "Is
  - is that what I have to do?"  
 Instead of answering right away, Mr. Johnson leaned down and unbuttoned her
  blouse - Kimiko flinched, but knew there was nothing she could do about it
  - and carefully tugged her bra upward. "What's a little girl like you doing
  wearing a bra, anyway?" sneered Mr. Johnson. "It's not as if you need one..."  
 Even in the midst of her terrible humiliation, Kimiko rebelled against that
  remark. "I have breasts!" she pouted. But the comment still stung, especially
  since it was true. Although Kimiko's now-exposed chest did feature a growing
  bosom, her breasts were also quite small - barely an A-cup - and were firm
  enough not to need any support. But she'd been very proud of being old enough
  to wear a bra, and Mr. Johnson's words made her feel all the more like a little
  girl - an emotion amplified by the panties she'd been forced to piss and shit
  in.  
 "Barely," sneered Mr. Johnson, as he reached down to fondle the firm little
  mounds. "But they'll have to do. Now..." he said, straightening up and offering
  his manhood to the girl. "Suck on it. Make sure to use your tongue - that's
  a mistake a lot of little girls make their first time."  
 How would you know? Kimiko thought angrily. Do you do this to a
    lot of little girls? But by now she'd learned at least to keep such thoughts
    to herself - and fortunately for her mental state, she didn't think about
    it long enough to realize that it was probably true. Trembling with disgust,
    but knowing it was her only hope of escaping an even filthier day tomorrow,
    she leaned forward and swallowed the purple tip of Mr. Johnson's penis, her
    tongue slowly and unwillingly caressing it - and her nose wrinkled and she
    almost spit it out as she tasted the glob of precum that oozed out.  
 "Deeper!" snapped Mr. Johnson, and his fingers laced through the girl's hair
  and forced her head forward. Kimiko reflexively resisted for a moment, but
  the pressure on the back of her head was inexorable, shoving even more of the
  hot shaft into her mouth. She was almost at the point of gagging when her nose
  buried itself in the teacher's pubic hair and her lips reached the end of his
  manhood.  
 "Better. Now suck... and lick... there you go..." instructed Mr. Johnson,
  sighing contentedly as the girl's lips tightened around him. Despite the girl's
  inexpert technique, his penis began to harden still further, stimulated as
  much by Kimiko's abject humiliation and degradation as by her clumsy lips and
  tongue. "That's right..." he crooned, as he began to rock his hips slowly back
  and forth, his fingers still tangled in her short hair and holding her head
  against his crotch.  
 Kimiko did gag this time, a little, as Mr. Johnson's cock was forced
  down her throat, and she moaned muffledly about his lips and struggled to breathe
  through her nose. "Keep licking!" snapped Mr. Johnson, heedless of the girl's
  plight - no, savoring it - as he forced the girl to fellate him.  
 Faster and faster his hips began to move, and - never mind licking - it was
  all that Kimiko could do to breathe as Mr. Johnson moaned in pleasure and rammed
  his cock rammed repeatedly between her lips. Just as Kimiko was beginning to
  dread the possibility of having to swallow, Mr. Johnson pulled away from her,
  her lips making a slurping sound as they closed shut. And he aimed his manhood
  toward her chest... Kimiko winced, and turned her head away, but there was
  nothing she could do to stop the man from splashing his hot, thick semen all
  over her budding breasts, coating them liberally with the white gooey stuff.  
 Finally, Mr. Johnson sighed happily, and tucked his now-flaccid penis back
  into his trousers, then leaned back and admired his handiwork - a young girl,
  trembling with shame, her face blushing and streaked with tears, her bare chest
  covered with cum, her exposed panties drenched in urine and loaded with her
  waste. "Huh. Not bad for a beginner," he said dismissively. "I guess it's good
  enough for you to get out of that toilet ban - this time." He leaned
  forward and tugged her bra back down, right over the top of her cum-smeared
  breasts. Kimiko groaned in disgust and squirmed, but could do nothing as the
  semen soaked into her bra, making her feel filthier than ever.  
 Mr. Johnson then reached up to the girl's wrists, unlocking the handcuffs.
  Kimiko, eager to cover her soiled panties, immediately untucked them from the
  waistband, only then pausing to rub her wrists. "Well, you've still got those
  hundred and twenty sentences to do, Kimiko," said Mr. Johnson. "Better get
  to it."  
 Kimiko didn't respond right away - her shoulders were shaking with silent
  sobs, tears leaking from her tightly shut eyes. She didn't even really hear
  his words - all she could think about was how dirty she was, how slimy Mr.
  Johnson's cum felt against her breasts, how gooey and yucky her shit felt held
  against her rump by her pissy panties.  
 "Kimiko!" snapped Mr. Johnson, forcing her out of her gloomy reverie.  
 "W-what?" moaned Kimiko miserably.  
 "The sentences. One hundred twenty times, 'I will not defecate in my panties
  during detention.' You didn't forget, did you?" Mr. Johnson pointed to the
  desk, with the writing materials at the ready.  
 "N-no, sir, I, I'll get right on it," Kimiko mumbled, climbing to her feet,
  wincing once again as her damp socks squelched in her shoes, and shuffled back
  to her desk. She perched on the edge of the chair, beginning to write, only
  to gasp in disgust as Mr. Johnson casually shoved her back into the chair,
  her crapped panties making a wet splat sound as she was forced to sit in her
  own mess yet again.  
 Kimiko could barely manage to write, as she sat there marinating in her sticky
  and wet and smelly underwear, and her tears of shame and revulsion kept dripping
  onto the paper in front of her. A mere eternity later, she finally finished
  the one hundred and twentieth sentence. "Good," said Mr. Johnson, picking up
  the papers and reviewing them. "Now wait there until your detention is over." 
  
 Five more minutes passed - each one creeping by like an hour - before Mr.
  Johnson announced, "Time! Now, I don't want to see you in here again, Miss
  Kimiko, do you understand? If you hate pissing and shitting yourself as much
  as you pretend to do, you will behave yourself in my classroom. Is that clear?"  
 Kimiko gulped, stung by the suggestion that she was only pretending to be
  suffering, but nodded meekly. "Good," said the teacher. "Now off with you." Kimiko
  climbed up out of her chair and stumbled toward the classroom door, then headed
  back to the dorm as fast as she could stand to walk - which, because of the
  poop that shifted disgustingly in her panties with every step, wasn't very
  fast at all.  
 
 "Ah, hi, Kimiko - oh my god, what's that smell?" Bridget said, looking up
  from her book as her younger roommate squelched through the door and stumbled
  across the room, slumping against her bed and sobbing piteously.  
 "Oh no," exclaimed Bridget, acting astonished. "What happened? Ssh... it's
  okay... it's okay," she said, wrapping her arm around Kimiko's trembling shoulders.  
 "H-he, he, he made me mess my panties," Kimiko slurred thickly, through her
  sobs. "An' then he... then he..." The girl shook her head, and buried her face
  in her arms and bawled, unable to recount the deeper humiliation of having
  to suck off her teacher.  
 "Poor Kimiko..." crooned Bridget, rubbing the girl's back. "That must feel
  horrible... Come on, hon," she added sympathetically, as she tried to gently
  urge Kimiko to her feet. "We need to get you cleaned up. You are allowed
  to clean up, at least, right?"  
 "Y-yeah... why wouldn't I be?" murmured Kimiko, sniffling, as she leaned
  on Bridget.  
 "Never mind," said Bridget, petting Kimiko's hair softly. She's not ready
    to hear about the all-day toilet ban yet, thought Bridget to herself
    as she led the girl to the showers. Kimiko allowed herself to be led, her
    eyes tightly shut so that she didn't have to see all the other students staring
    at her on the way there.  
 By the time Kimiko opened her eyes, Bridget was already taking off her bra,
  revealing a pair of shapely round breasts that made Kimiko feel a little jealous
  of the older girl. "Aw, c'mon, it's okay, Kimiko... we're all girls here," said
  Bridget as Kimiko blushed and turned her head away. "Come on, I'm sure you
  can't wait to get out of those filthy panties..."  
 "Y-yeah," Kimiko agreed, risking a relieved smile as she reached up under
  her skirt and gratefully slipped off the stinky underwear, gasping slightly
  as a glob of poop fell out of the seat of her panties and plopped onto the
  floor. "Oh god, that feels so much better," she said, as she slipped
  off her shoes and took off her damp socks.  
 Bridget, meanwhile, was taking off her own skirt and panties. "Come on, come
  on, let's have it all off," she said brightly. Kimiko blushed, but took off
  her skirt, then reached for her blouse... and hesitated, afraid that her roommate
  would see the cum-stains on her bra.  
 "It's okay, you don't have anything I haven't seen before," said Bridget
  reassuringly as she reached for Kimiko's blouse. The girl gasped and flinched
  away, holding her arms over her chest. "What's the matter?" said Bridget, tilting
  her head.  
 Kimiko hesitated, trembling and blushing furiously. Finally she said, "N-nothing," and
  with quivering fingers, unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off, then hurriedly
  reached behind her back to take the bra off and toss it onto the floor.  
 "There you go, that wasn't so hard, was it?" asked the older girl. Despite
  Kimiko's efforts, she had noticed the pale yellow stains on the fabric of the
  little bra cups, but didn't say anything about it yet. "Come on, into the shower
  with you!"  
 Nodding, Kimiko stepped into the stall, and sighed in utter bliss as the
  hot water ran down her body, feeling it begin to wash away the filth that had
  coated her. It felt so good that she hadn't noticed Bridget stepping into the
  shower with her until she felt the older girl's soapy hands on her narrow waist.  
 "Here... you've had a rough day today. Let me wash you?" Bridget asked. Kimiko
  hesitated, looking up at her older roommate... then nodded. "Okay," she said
  softly.  
 And it did feel so good, the gentle touch of Bridget's hands along
  her body, so much better after the filth she'd had to endure for the past hour.
  Kimiko was beginning to relax, enjoying even the feel of Bridget gently scrubbing
  her ass... and then she gasped again, as Bridget's hand slipped up between
  her legs. "W-what are you doing?"  
 "Well, I need to wash you there too, don't I?" said Bridget placatingly. "It'll
  get irritated down there if you let the pee stay there, and believe me, it really hurts
  when your girl bits are sore..."  
 "O-okay," Kimiko said meekly. Faintly, she wondered if there was something
  wrong with letting Bridget touch her there, but Bridget was so nice to her...
  and it did feel good... so good, as Bridget's long slender fingers, slippery
  with soap, caressed Kimiko's pink young petals. "Nnnh..." Kimiko murmured,
  feeling her cheeks flush again. "A-are you sure this is okay?"  
 "Of course it is, hon..." purred Bridget soothingly, her soapy fingers caressing
  Kimiko's sex with a very light, deft touch. "You've suffered enough today,
  haven't you?"  
 The growing haze of desire was beginning to cloud Kimiko's mind, and the
  cruel abuse she'd suffered at the hands of Mr. Johnson - abuse she was still
  convinced she didn't really deserve - had her primed to believe that it was
  only fair that she get to enjoy herself too. So she relaxed, leaning back against
  Bridget's warm soft chest and letting her roommate gently yet skillfully stroke
  her.  
 Again and again Bridget's fingertips glided along Kimiko's slit, slowly guiding
  Kimiko to higher and higher levels of arousal - very careful not to turn the
  girl on too quickly for fear of spooking her. By degrees, Kimiko began to squirm,
  her knees buckling as she tried to press herself against Bridget's fingers,
  and Bridget caught her with an arm around her chest, her other hand now delicately
  fondling the small firm mound of her breast.  
 "Ahhnnn... more, Bridget..." Kimiko begged, her small bosom heaving with
  her gasping breaths, and her roommate eagerly complied, slipping two fingers
  just into Kimiko's vagina and playing with the tiny clit. Even a few seconds
  of this delightful treatment was too much for the young girl, and she climaxed,
  shuddering and trembling in her roommate's arms.  
 Bridget murmured soothingly to the girl as she moaned and wriggled in ecstasy,
  her skilled fingers carefully guiding her younger proteg&eacute; through her
  orgasm, moving slower and more lightly as the girl began to relax. "Mmmn...
  better now?" she purred.  
 Kimiko could only nod, smiling, and she turned around to put her small arms
  around Bridget in a grateful, relaxed hug. Bridget held the happy girl in her
  arms, letting the warm shower water wash over them both. Yes... such fun
  indeed, thought Bridget to herself, as she turned off the shower and guided
  Kimiko to the towels - quietly disposing of Kimiko's filthy panties and washing
  off the floor when the girl wasn't looking.  
 "There you go," said Bridget, as they got dressed again and walked back to
  their dorm room. "Need any help with your homework?"  
 "Nope, I'm okay," said Kimiko, now once again as cheerful as she'd been when
  she'd arrived, and, fishing a clean pair of panties out of her underwear drawer,
  she settled at her desk to work. Then she paused, and got up again, and gave
  Bridget a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you..." she whispered.  
 "You're welcome," murmured Bridget, enjoying the younger girl's affection,
  tousling her hair. Kimiko looked up, blushed, and looked away again, giggling
  in mild embarrassment, then danced back to her desk and got to work.  
 Bridget watched her young new friend over the top of her book, finding that
  she enjoyed the girl's delight as much as her distress. You really are a
  sweet one, aren't you? she thought to herself. I'm glad they paired
  you up with me...  
Omorashi Academy 
Chapter 3: Dirty Mouths, Dirty Bottoms 
 It had been two days since Kimiko's humiliating punishments at the hands
  of her English teacher, Mr. Johnson. She was mild-mannered and obedient by
  nature anyway, and two days in a row of having to wet and soil her panties
  made her very determined to avoid any further punishment. 
 Other students weren't so well-behaved. Brenda, the girl who'd made fun of
  Kimiko for wetting her panties on Monday, had been chewed out yesterday by
  the biology teacher in second period for swearing in class and ordered to serve
  detention. The foul-tempered Brenda had seemed quite blas&eacute; about this
  punishment, especially given Ms. Itsuki's kindly and even-tempered attitude
  in class. You're just lucky you didn't do that in Mr. Johnson's class,  Kimiko
  had thought to herself with furtive glee. 
 This morning, though, as Kimiko filed into the classroom, she noticed that
  Brenda was wearing a sullen expression, as well as a bright orange wristband.
  And when Brenda noticed the attention, she glared at Kimiko with sullen rage. 
What's got into her?  thought Kimiko, as she took her seat. It's
    not like I'm the one who made fun of her  on Monday.  She
    glanced again at Brenda, who was no longer looking in her direction - and
    noticed that Brenda was squirming slightly. Before she had much longer to
    think about this, though, Ms. Itsuki had arrived, and the lesson was beginning. 
 Kimiko dutifully took notes and read along in the textbook, and only gradually
  was she aware of a shuffling sound from the direction of Brenda's desk. Eventually,
  Kimiko's curiosity got the better of her, and she looked backward, bracing
  herself for Brenda's evil glare. But Brenda wasn't looking at her. Instead,
  her eyes were fixed with a venomous gaze on the teacher, and she was muttering
  under her breath, as she twined her long legs together, one knee bouncing over
  the other. 
 Kimiko, having suffered the same symptoms in Mr. Johnson's class on Monday,
  recognized them immediately. She has to go pee?  thought Kimiko wonderingly. But
  it's only second period. Why didn't she go before class? And surely she could
  ask permission? I'm sure Ms. Itsuki isn't as mean as Mr. Johnson... 
 Even as she thought that, though, she saw Brenda's eyes squeeze shut, and
  the (relatively) busty redhead's body tensed up. Kimiko's eyes went wide and
  she bit her knuckle in shock, knowing  what was going to happen next...
  and sure enough, a trickle of piss began to flood off the edge of Brenda's
  chair and patter to the floor. 
 Just as on the previous Monday, the class erupted in a chorus of muted murmurs
  as they turned as one to watch Brenda's shameful predicament. All except Kimiko,
  whose eyes turned toward the science teacher, wondering how she'd treat this
  indiscretion. To Kimiko's astonishment, though, the teacher said nothing at
  all, merely nodding and watching Brenda, as if in satisfaction. 
Oh my god... that orange wristband... Ms. Itsuki put Brenda on toilet
    ban!  thought Kimiko in shock, putting a hand to her mouth and turning
    in her seat again as Brenda continued to wet herself, her face twisted in
    an expression of helpless rage. Mr. Johnson had threatened Kimiko with that
    terrible punishment two days ago: a student under toilet ban had to go the
    whole day without the use of any toilet other than her own panties. 
 Up until now, Kimiko would have been quite happy to watch Brenda suffer that
  punishment, especially after Brenda had pulled up Kimiko's skirt on Monday
  and displayed her wet panties to the whole math class. But now, as Kimiko watched
  the hot urine spread in a puddle beneath Brenda's chair, she felt a pang of
  sympathy for the erstwhile bully. It's not fair,  Kimiko thought. Even she  shouldn't
  have to wet her panties as a, a punishment... 
 Finally, the flow of pee slowed and stopped, and Brenda turned her sullen
  glare upon the students watching her, as if promising terrible retribution
  if anyone dared to comment. As Brenda's gaze passed across Kimiko's wide-eyed
  face, though, some other unidentifiable expression flickered across Brenda's
  countenance - but it only lasted for a moment, replaced by an especially hostile
  stare and even a snarl. 
 Kimiko flinched back as if struck, and faced forward again. What did
    I do to her?  Kimiko wondered. Well, I guess I was staring at her,
    but so was everyone else - why'd she look so angry at me? Even Ms. Itsuki
    didn't get that  nasty a look...  At which point Ms.
    Itsuki cleared her throat and got on with the lesson, leaving Brenda to marinate
    in the pungent odor of her own urine and Kimiko to look upon the biology
    teacher with newfound fear. She seemed so nice... how could she do that
    to anyone? Even Brenda...  Another thought occurred to Kimiko. How
    come she peed herself so soon, anyway? It's only second period - I don't
    even feel a twinge... 
 "Fuck no, I'm not writing any goddamned sentences!" Brenda had snapped at
  Ms. Itsuki. "That's a, a kiddie punishment! I'm in high school now, I don't
  have to put up with that shit!" 
 "Apparently you still haven't learned your lesson, Brenda," said Ms. Itsuki,
  sighing. "So your punishment is going up to from two hundred to five hundred
  copies of 'I will not use swear words at the Alderson Institute'. You'd better
  get started - it's going to take you a while." 
 In a foul mood, Brenda sat down to writing, but had barely finished the first
  ten sentences when she threw down her pencil. "Fuck this! I'm outta here! Call
  me when you have a real punishment!" 
 "A real punishment, eh?" said Ms. Itsuki, and she leaned out to grab Brenda
  by the shoulder. "All right, here's a real  punishment. Tomorrow,
  you are going to be on toilet ban." 
 "What's a toilet ban?" Brenda asked, confused. Ms. Itsuki explained. 
 "The whole day? And I have to do it in my panties  if I can't hold
  it?!" exclaimed Brenda, now truly outraged. "Fuck that! What kind of fucking
  sicko are you? I'm not going on any fucking toilet ban, bitch!" exclaimed Brenda,
  shoving Ms. Itsuki backward. 
 Or at least that was the plan. Instead. Ms. Itsuki's hands flashed out like
  lightning and gripped Brenda's wrists in an iron grip. "Let go of me, you bitch!" frothed
  Brenda in frustration, struggling to free herself. 
 "You still  haven't learned, have you, Brenda?" said Ms. Itsuki,
  her level voice still showing no signs of strain. For her slight build, the
  older woman was surprisingly strong. "You will  serve a toilet ban,
  young lady... and because of this insubordination, it's going to be even worse." 
 "How can it be worse than a toilet ban?" shouted Brenda, beginning to grow
  fearful despite her bravado. 
 "Well, you could have two or three days of it, for one thing," replied Ms.
  Itsuki. "But instead we're going to do something a little different..." 
 It was time for English class with the dreaded Mr. Johnson. Kimiko tried
  not to look too directly at Brenda as she walked into the room, but even out
  of the corner of her eye, she could see that the redhead was walking funny,
  with her knees together and shuffling steps. She needs to pee again already?  thought
  Kimiko in confusion. You'd think that she'd avoid the water fountains when
  she was on toilet ban... 
 Kimiko tried not to watch Brenda, knowing that the other girl was suffering
  enough already, but she couldn't help but hear the shuffling and squirming
  as Brenda struggled to control her bladder. "Goddammit, not now..." muttered
  Brenda under her breath. "Not in front of her, not again..." 
Not in front of who?  thought Kimiko to herself, confused. But Kimiko
  wasn't the only one who'd heard the outburst. "Please come up to the front
  of the class, Brenda," said Mr. Johnson, his eyes glinting with what Kimiko
  recognized as delighted lust. 
 "Whadda ya want now?" growled Brenda as she laboriously got up from her desk
  and tottered to the front of the classroom, one hand pressed to her crotch
  and her knees squeezed tightly together as the girl tried not to pee. 
 "I understand that you're on toilet ban at least partially for swearing,
  and yet I distinctly heard you swear yet again. Kindly raise your skirt and
  stand with your feet one foot apart, so that your fellow students can see what-" 
 "Raise my skirt?! Are you f- are you kidding me?" exclaimed Brenda. "Forget
  it!" And with that, she started to walk back toward her desk. 
 A hand gripped Brenda's free wrist. "I gave you an order, Brenda, and I will  be
  obeyed," said Mr. Johnson, dragging her back to the front of the class. "And
  for disobeying me, you will serve a detention with me this afternoon. Now raise
  your skirt. Now." 
 Kimiko cringed in horror at this. Of the entire class, she alone knew what
  a Mr. Johnson detention meant, and it was more than just soiled panties. No...
  please don't do that to her, Mr. Johnson... she's suffered enough...  thought
  Kimiko to herself, but she didn't dare say it, for fear that she'd join Brenda
  in Mr. Johnson's depraved detention hall. 
 Instead, Kimiko watched, white-faced, as Brenda reluctantly lifted the hem
  of her skirt above her waist, displaying the white cotton panties of the Alderson
  Institute and the damp yellow stain from her earlier wetting in biology class.
  And then, the crotch of Brenda's panties suddenly overflowed with piss, as
  the girl's overtaxed bladder once again began to relieve itself against her
  will. 
 And so Brenda stood there, holding her skirt up, trembling and red-faced
  with anger and embarrassment as she helplessly peed her panties in front of
  the entire class, while Mr. Johnson said, "This, my students, is what happens
  to disobedient young ladies. If a little girl has a dirty mouth, she'll have
  a dirty bottom too." She winced as she felt the piss run down her legs and
  begin to soak into her socks, and groaned as she heard some of the boys whistle
  at her. And she cringed as the girls who she'd thought were her friends, the
  same ones who'd helped her mock Kimiko for her  accident on Monday,
  where among the loudest to snicker and point as Brenda was forced to wet herself
  in front of everyone. 
 As Brenda finally managed to stop urinating in her panties, and the flood
  of pee slowed to a drip from Brenda's soaked crotch to the puddle below, Mr.
  Johnson said, "All right. Now, class, please turn to page thirty-eight - Brenda,
  I did not dismiss you, please remain with your skirt up - and read the poem
  halfway down the page." 
 Brenda, who'd been preparing to flee to the relative safety of her desk,
  gasped in dismay, but reluctantly lifted up her skirt, her glare passing around
  the room. Once again, Brenda's eyes fell on Kimiko with particular viciousness,
  and Kimiko blushed and averted her eyes. 
 Brenda had to stand there in her own puddle for ten minutes, trembling with
  humilation, her nose wrinkling from the pungent smell of piss, her teeth clenched
  in frustration as the other students were allowed to ogle her sodden panties
  as much as they wanted. Finally Mr. Johnson said, "Please return to your seat,
  Brenda," and she nearly ran back to her desk, her piss-drenched socks squelching
  and urine splashing out of the sides of her shoes, and she barricaded herself
  behind her textbook. Kimiko wasn't sure, but she thought she heard a sniffle. Well,
  I know I'd be crying if I'd had to show off my panties to everyone while I
  peed in them,  thought Kimiko, but Brenda? Surely Brenda wouldn't
  cry... 
 After school ended, Kimiko went to wait outside Mr. Johnson's classroom. Someone  has
    to be nice to her,  thought Kimiko. I heard she had to pee herself
    two more times today, and all of her friends were just as mean to her as
    they were to me. It must feel horrible to have to wet your panties that many
    times. No one deserves a toilet ban, much less whatever Mr. Johnson's gonna
    do to her...  Last time Kimiko had been in Mr. Johnson's detention,
    he'd forced Kimiko to fellate him on threat of toilet ban, and no doubt Brenda
    was undergoing some similar sort of perverted torment even now. 
 Finally, the door opened and Brenda stormed out, her face almost as crimson
  as her long hair. Kimiko realized in dismay that Brenda's pretty locks were
  streaked with something white and sticky - eww, he came in her hair,  Kimiko
  thought - and she was surrounded by a stench that told Kimiko that the redhead
  had had to shit in her panties, and was still wearing the horrible mess. Brenda
  stopped short, blinking at the sudden sight of Kimiko in front of her - and
  before Kimiko could say anything, Brenda erupted. 
 "You goddamned bitch! " screamed Brenda hysterically. "Don't you dare  say
  a goddamned word! Cause if you do, I'm gonna-" 
 "Brenda... a word, please?" came Mr. Johnson's voice from the door. Brenda
  went pale with shock, and walked back into the classroom as if in a nightmare,
  while Kimiko watched helplessly, her hands to her mouth. When Brenda emerged,
  she was still palefaced, shaking, and nearly in tears. 
 "You... you..." said Brenda haltingly, "th-th-thanks to you I'm on toilet
  ban again tomorrow!  And they're gonna make me take a laxative and  a
  diuretic!" With a start, Kimiko realized the answer to the mystery of Brenda's
  multiple wettings. Oh my god... not only did they not let her go to the
  bathroom, but they gave her a diuretic so that she'd constantly have to pee
  her panties!  Kimiko thought, horrified. And now a laxative on top
  of that - how can they - how can anyone  be so cruel? 
 But Brenda wasn't done screaming. "Now I'm gonna have to go the whole god-" Brenda
  stopped herself with a visible effort, "the whole day  shitting and
  pissing my panties! I hope you're happy!" And before Kimiko could respond,
  Brenda ran off in tears, ignoring the little gobbets of poop that were falling
  from her soiled panties. 
She... she was  crying,  thought Kimiko, horrified.
  Tough-as-nails Brenda, mean, cruel Brenda... was crying. "Brenda, wait! Please,
  wait!" cried Kimiko, and she ran after her classmate, her heart aching for
  the unspeakably cruel punishment Brenda had already endured, and the even worse
  torment she would endure the next day. 
 Brenda's trail wasn't hard to follow, and soon Kimiko found the redhead leaning
  against a water fountain, shaking with sobs. Kimiko slowly walked toward the
  other girl, and said, timidly, "Brenda, I'm so-" 
 "Go on!" Brenda snarled bitterly through her tears. "Make fun of me! Make
  fun of me for pissing and shitting myself! Make fun of me for being a potty-pants!
  Go on! You know you want to!" 
 "NO!" wailed Kimiko, beginning to cry herself, as she realized why Brenda
  had been glaring at her all day. All this time, she thought I was going
  to pick on her! Like she did to me...  "N-no... Brenda, I don't want to
  make fun of you! It's, it's not fair, what they're making you do... it's too
  cruel! I'm so suh-suh-sorry... I didn't mean to make you so upset just now..." 
 "Don't give me that!" snapped Brenda. "I made fun of you on Monday for pissing
  yourself, so it's your turn to pick on me! Isn't it?! Isn't it?!" Brenda turned
  to face Kimiko, glaring at her dark-haired classmate in helpless rage and humiliation,
  panting heavily, her hands clenched into fists at her sides. 
 "No," said Kimiko softly, shaking her head and walking forward hesitantly. "No,
  Brenda. I thought I would, but... when I saw you in Ms. Itsuki's class, I remembered
  what it was like when it happened to me. I remembered how horrible it was.
  It's too horrible." She looked up at Brenda, her eyes welling with tears of
  compassion, and reached out to put a hand on Brenda's shoulder. "Even after
  what you did to me... it's too much." 
 Brenda flinched away from Kimiko's hand and looked Kimiko up and down, looking
  for any sign, any sign whatsoever that Kimiko wasn't serious. "Y-you mean it,
  don't you? You really mean it..." murmured Brenda unbelievingly. "You really
  do feel... feel s-sorry for me..." And then, bewildered and ashamed, Brenda
  burst into tears and fell forward onto her knees, wrapping her arms around
  Kimiko's waist and burying her face in Kimiko's chest and bawling, bawling
  with the shame of it all. 
 "Oh, Brenda..." murmured Kimiko, hugging her back, stroking her long red
  hair, ignoring the stench of Brenda's panties and let Brenda press her face
  into her almost nonexistent bosom. "Brenda..." she whispered again, and held
  her former tormentor close, letting the girl cry her heart out over all the
  horrible degradation she'd endured that day. For of all Brenda's classmates,
  Kimiko was the only one who could understand what she felt. 
 Finally, Brenda's sobs began to subside, and she became a little more aware
  of herself. "God, I hope no one sees me like this," Brenda moaned, sniffling. "It's
  so embarrassing." 
Huh? More embarrassing than pissing yourself in class?  thought Kimiko,
  bewildered, but she knew better than say it out loud. And then Kimiko blinked
  in astonishment as she suddenly realized that yes, for Brenda, breaking down
  and seeking comfort from someone else - especially someone whom she'd picked
  on days before - really was  more embarrassing than going to the bathroom
  in her panties. "Come on, then," whispered Kimiko, helping Brenda to her feet. "I,
  do you want me to help you clean up?" 
 "S-sure," muttered Brenda, sounding uncertain of herself, but she allowed
  Kimiko to lead her to the showers. Her original burst of rage-fueled energy
  had left her, and she now walked slowly, in the waddling gait of a little girl
  with poopy panties. "Ugh... this is so gross..." she muttered. 
 "I know, Brenda," said Kimiko encouragingly. "Just keep going... we're almost
  there." She herself felt a little odd, trying to be the comforting one, but
  she had an example to look up to. Kimiko's roommate Bridget had helped her
  when she was feeling filthy and abused - now Kimiko was going to do the same
  for Brenda. It was as simple as that. 
 "Um... you can go now, Kimmy," Brenda said, as they walked into the showers. "I
  mean... ugh. Right, you're helping me clean up, right, right. Er... can you,
  uh, do it without looking? I mean..." Brenda was blushing hotly, and tugging
  down on the back of her skirt with both hands, clearly embarrassed at the idea
  of anyone seeing her soiled underwear. 
 "It's okay, Brenda," replied Kimiko, resting a hand on her shoulder reassuringly. "I,
  Mr. Johnson made me poop my panties too, you know. Twice." The dark-haired
  Asian cringed visibly at the memory, then forced herself to be cheerful again. "So,
  um, you know, I don't mind. Let me help?" The girl's hand moved down to Brenda's
  wrist, the slender fingers wrapping gently around it. 
 Brenda stood there uncertainly for a moment, her mouth working. Finally,
  she murmured, "A-all right," she said, letting go of her skirt again. "B-but
  you mustn't make fun, all right?" 
 Kimiko knelt down beside Brenda and carefully unfastened her skirt, lowering
  it to the ground. Then she winced at the sight of the sagging, heavy brown
  mess in Brenda's panties, staining the white cotton, bits of brown muck oozing
  out of the leg holes; almost as bad was the front of her panties, which showed
  several concentric yellow rings along her belly, showing the high-water marks
  of the poor redhead's many wettings. "Oh god..." said Kimiko. "Th-that looks
  so horrible... God, that must feel awful..." 
 Brenda sobbed. "D-don't remind me!" she whimpered, putting her face into
  her hands and stepping away, groaning as the foul muck oozed around against
  her ass. 
 "Oh, god, I'm sorry, Brenda," gasped Kimiko, remembering herself. "Here..." And
  with that, Kimiko carefully eased the soiled garment down Brenda's legs, careful
  not to let any more of the filth get on her. Then she took several handfuls
  of toilet tissue and wiped some of the shit off the back of Brenda's thighs
  and her bottom. "There..." she said, trying not to breathe through her nose. "G-go
  on and get in the shower... I'll be right there." Kimiko lifted the poopy panties
  off the floor again and began to rinse them in the toilet. 
 "O-okay," said Brenda, blushing. She finished undressing while Kimiko's back
  was turned, and climbed into the shower. She sighed softly as the soothing
  warm water sprayed her messy bottom, beginning to rinse away what was left
  - and then shrieked in surprise as the shower curtain moved again, covering
  her body with both hands. 
 "It, it's just me," said Kimiko timidly, blushing herself, just as naked. "Um.
  I... I just thought I'd help you wash up too. You know. Um, I don't have to
  if you don't want me to..." Kimiko backed up a step, reaching to close the
  shower curtain again. 
 "N-no... it's okay... come on in, Kimmy... you just surprised me, is all," said
  Brenda, lowering her hands again. Kimiko's blush deepened as she got a better
  look at Brenda's nude form. Her classmate wasn't quite as pretty as her roommate
  Bridget, but she was still very attractive - soft-looking, full breasts just
  large enough to be firm without support, athletic thighs, a bushy tuft of hair
  'down there'. Kimiko swallowed, and stepped into the shower, and began to soap
  Brenda's bottom with trembling, uncertain hands. She'd never touched another
  girl like this before, and she didn't understand why it made her all flushed
  and tingly. Just embarrassment, she thought. 
 Brenda flinched a little as Kimiko's hands brushed against her tush, but
  slowly she relaxed as she felt the little fingers wiping away the last of the
  filth. "Ugh... that was so horrible... I hope I never have to serve detention
  with Mr. Johnson again," she said, her voice quavering. "And, and having to
  shit myself wasn't the worst part either..." 
 "I know what you mean," Kimiko said fervently, as she paused to lather up
  her hands again, letting the shower rinse the suds off Brenda's rear. 
 "Y-you do?" asked Brenda, looking around. "Oh, of course you do, you said
  he made you shit yourself twice..." Her voice dropped to a hoarse whisper. "Did
  he come in your hair too?" 
 "My chest," said Kimiko, pouting. "And he took off my bra first. Said I didn't
  need to wear a bra and stuff, too." Kimiko began to scrub down Brenda's thighs,
  her hands shaking as she relived that humiliating memory. 
 "Well, you don't," said Brenda, matter of factly. "I mean, they aren't that
  big, they'd hardly jiggle at all." 
 "I know," whimpered Kimiko, her face scrunching up as she sniffled. "But
  he, but he didn't need to say  it. I mean, they're growing ..." She
  looked up at Brenda. "It's not fair. You're the same age as me, but you've
  got such nice breasts..." 
 At the sight of Kimiko's miserable expression, the words Well, tough
    shit, you flat-chested little kid  floated through Brenda's head. But
    she didn't say them. She wasn't sure why. Maybe it was the compliment to
    her own breasts, which she was quite proud of herself. Or maybe... maybe
    it was the way Kimiko was so nice to her. People weren't often nice to Brenda.
    It felt strange. It felt good. Instead of insulting the girl as she normally
    would have done, she found herself kneeling down beside Kimiko and saying, "Well...
    actually, I'm probably a year older than you. I... I had to repeat third
    grade. 
 "Oh," said Kimiko, looking a little happier, a little less jealous now of
  her classmate's superior tits. "Oh, okay. I'm... I'm sorry to hear that." 
 Again Brenda was momentarily bewildered by Kimiko's show of sympathy. "It,
  it's no big deal," she said, shaking her head. "Are... are you done washing
  me?" 
 "N-no..." said Kimiko. "There, there's one more place I need to wash you..." And
  with that, Kimiko reached a sudsy hand between Brenda's legs. 
 "H-hey! What're you doing? That's, that's, that's my pussy you're reaching
  for!" Brenda exclaimed, leaning back. 
 Kimiko's hand froze in mid-grope, then pulled back. "S-sorry! Sorry! I'm
  sorry! I didn't mean to..." she said, and then she blinked. "But Bridget washed
  me there, when I came back from Mr. Johnson's detention all messy. It... it
  must be okay, right? She's a senior, she wouldn't do something like that if
  it wasn't okay..." 
 "Really? Your roommate did that to you?" Brenda asked. "Well... I guess it's
  okay..." She relaxed, and leaned forward on the balls of her feet, presenting
  herself to be washed. "But be gentle..." 
 "Y-you sure?" Kimiko swallowed. "Okay, then..." And Kimiko reached down again,
  her slippery fingers brushing against Brenda's sex, as the younger girl tried
  her best to remember exactly how Bridget had done it. Her touch was inexpert,
  uncertain - but Brenda's puffy lips were very sensitive after having pissy
  panties clinging to them all day, and the first touch made Brenda gasp. "Aaah!
  Gentler... gentler..." 
 "O-okay," Kimiko said, and eased back even more, barely brushing the reddened
  folds. Slowly the soap and water began to rinse away the stinging dried piss
  under Kimiko's ever-so-gentle caresses. 
 "Oh, god, that's so much better..." breathed Brenda. "I had no idea how itchy
  I was down there..." 
 "Mmmn..." murmured Kimiko, soaping up her hand again. "I'm glad..." she whispered.
  Her fingers hesitated for a moment, then she remembered Bridget's ministrations,
  and gently caressed the top of Brenda's slit, just under her dark pubic hair. 
 "Aaaahn..." moaned Bridget, swaying backward and breathing harder, making
  her breasts rise and fall. "Oh wow... that's... that's... do that again..." 
 Kimiko brightened up a bit. "Okay," she said, and caressed her again, a little
  more firmly this time, a soapy fingertip slipping between Brenda's folds and
  running along her sensitive clit. 
 "Nnnnghn..." Brenda's toes curled, and her legs spread apart. "It... it feels
  like when I play with myself..." she murmured hoarsely. 
 "Y-you play with yourself?" Kimiko asked uncertainly. "My mom always said
  that was dirty..." Kimiko's young, slender digits continued to brush along
  Brenda's pussy, still very gently. 
 Brenda chuckled wryly. "Don't be silly, Kimmy. There's nothing wrong with
  it, you know. I'd teach you, but... mmmn... it feels like this roommate of
  yours already did..." 
 Kimiko blushed. "Oh..." she said, embarrased, drawing her hand back as she
  realized that she was actually masturbating another girl. 
 "N-no, no, don't stop, Kimmy, don't stop..." Brenda said anxiously. "Please...
  it's just starting to feel good..." 
 "Well... if you don't mind..." said Kimiko hesitantly, and began to stroke
  Brenda's crotch again, trying to remember how Bridget had done it. Yes... rub
  up and down along there... now put a finger in... what was the other thing?
  Oh yes... Kimiko scooted a little closer, her own little breasts pressing against
  Brenda's side, as she reached over the other girl's shoulder and began to caress
  Brenda's chest. 
 "Oh, woooow..." moaned Brenda, her eyes rolling up in her head. "Woow...
  you learn fast, Kimmy... that's so nice..." And because Brenda was used to
  having her own hands busy when her pussy was being played with, one free hand
  began to feel around behind her, groping fitfully between Kimiko's legs until
  she found the younger girl's own slit. 
 "B-brenda, I... mmmn..." gasped Kimiko, her blush redoubling, but she could
  hardly object, could she? Not while she had her own hand between Brenda's legs...
  but the pleasure distracted Kimiko, and her fingers began to fumble along Brenda's
  sex, as if they'd forgotten where the clit was. 
 "N-no, Kimmy... up at the top... that's it... yeah..." Brenda coached, even
  as she began to finger-fuck her former teasing victim, groaning in pleasure
  as Kimiko's inexpert fingers picked up the technique again. 
 "Nnnh..." Kimiko moaned, slowly rubbing her chest against Brenda's side as
  the desire overtook her, and she began to fondle Brenda's larger bosom more
  fervently, barely remembering through the haze of lust that she was supposed
  to caress the nipple with two fingers. 
 "Oh, god, Kimmy, yer an expert..." moaned Brenda, thrusting her hips against
  Kimiko's hand even as Kimiko had begun to press a second finger in. Kimiko
  wasn't prepared for this, but the motion pressed Brenda's swelling clit between
  the other girl's fingers, making the redhead squirm and writhe in pleasure. 
 "Buh, buh, Brenda..." blubbered Kimiko incoherently, quickly going wild with
  desire - her classmate's fingers actually knew their way around a girl's pussy
  better than Kimiko's did, and Kimiko forgot all the technique she'd learned
  from Bridget's tender molestation, and she leaned her slender body into Brenda's
  side, humping and grinding, her fingers now blindly fumbling around Brenda's
  sensitive places. 
 But Brenda was so close anyway, even Kimiko's now-clumsy groping felt delicious,
  and it wasn't a few seconds more before both girls were crying out in pleasure,
  squirming and writhing, both their slits flooding with sticky hot cream, before
  the two girls collapsed into a tangled heap of bodies, leaning against each
  other and panting as the shower water washed over them both. 
 "Oh, wow... I've... I've never done that with another girl before..." murmured
  Brenda, as Kimiko's head flopped against her shoulder. 
 "Yeah... wow..." murmured Kimiko. Then she blinked. "Um... does this mean,
  I mean, uh, when we... like just now..." she stuttered, bewildered and nervous
  even through the afterglow of her orgasm. 
 "Sssh... it's okay, Kimmy... there's nothing wrong with it..." said Brenda.
  And impulsively, she leaned down and kissed Kimiko full on the lips. 
 "Mmmh?" exclaimed Kimiko, as she found her lips enveloped all of a sudden. M-my
    first kiss? With a girl?  wondered Kimiko. But it felt... right ,
    somehow. Maybe it was just the orgasm talking, but... nothing that felt as
    good as this could be wrong, could it? 
 Eventually, Brenda broke off the kiss, blushing hotly herself. "Y-you won't
  tell anyone, will you?" said Brenda. "I mean, not that there's anything wrong
  with it, but... what was that?" she added suddenly, turning her head toward
  the shower curtain. 
 Kimiko blinked, still blushing, and looked at the curtain herself. Eventually
  she said, "I didn't see anything..." 
 "Me either," admitted Brenda. "I just thought I saw something move... oh,
  never mind," she said, turning toward Kimiko again. "At least I'm all clean
  now, right, Kimmy?" she went on, smiling. And then her face turned grey with
  horror and she started to tear up again. "Oh god... tomorrow..." 
 Kimiko sat up and hugged Brenda tight. "I know... I know... but I'll be there
  for you, right? I know, I know I can't help you during the day, but as soon
  as school's out, I'll help you clean up again, okay?" 
 Brenda clung to Kimiko, trembling in dread of spending another whole school
  day wetting and soiling herself. But eventually she relaxed, burying her face
  in Kimiko's shoulder. "Well... okay... but only if you clean me up the same
  way you did today, okay?" 
 Kimiko looked down at Brenda, pop-eyed... and then both of them collapsed
  in girlish giggles, clinging to each other like the lovers they'd somehow become,
  as the cleansing hot water poured over both of them. 
 Bridget sneaked quietly back out of the bathroom, giggling to herself, her
  footsteps obscured by the noise of the shower. So my adorable little roomie's
  already seduced someone,  she thought. And this Brenda girl's a cutie,
  too. I'm almost jealous.  Bridget grinned to herself as she heard the
  giggling erupt behind her. Maybe next time I can surprise them both, teach
  them a little more... But first, I'd better go look up who Brenda's roommate
  is. I don't want to go poaching on her turf...  Bridget walked back to
  the dorm room, already plotting how she was going to further introduce her
  pretty young roommate into the wonders of sex... just like Bridget's roommate
  had done for her three years before. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gary Mendor


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





