BDSM Library - Story of jade




Story of jade
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story of a female slave in training to a beautiful Dominatrix.
I had been training with my Mistress for several months. I was collared, but She
felt I needed a considerable amount of training and so She trained me intensely
with an enormous amount of expectations and for every mistake or flaw, I was
punished. On one of my scheduled days of service to Her, I arrived at Her
dungeon on time (there'd be hell to pay if I was late, so I was careful to never
be late). As soon as I saw Her, I knelt as I had to do every time I was in Her
presence unless She otherwise specified. There were some days, that everything
was completely formal and full of ritual. On other days, though not that many, I
was allowed to be a bit more relaxed and sit on the furniture and speak with
Mistress a bit more freely. There were less of those days, but it was always up
to Mistress according to Her mood and I was informed upon arrival if we were
going to have a relaxed day. Even if this were the case, I was still expected to
speak only with respect to my Mistress and I still had to ask permission for
certain things: ie to leave the room if She were in it, to go to the bathroom,
to drink, to smoke, etc. I enjoyed these days sometimes as I got to enjoy the
company of my Mistress and perhaps, watch a movie or eat a nice dinner together.
She was still my Mistress - always- but during those times, I was not required
to be in formal training mode. This day was not one of those days.

"Hello, Mistress, " I say trully excited to see Her. She tells me to head to the
dungeon room and She will meet me there and She turns to go into another room. I
head to the dungeon room and kneel awaiting Her. I look around the room that has
become so familiar to me: the deep crimson and black carpet, the chains that
hang from the ceiling, the crisp black leather couch, the gothic sconces on the
wall and the candles all around that dimly light the room. I wait for several
minutes; thoughts run through my head as I wonder what Mistress has in store for
me today. Some days, she enjoys tormenting me and testing and pushing my pain
threshold and making my body writhe in pleasure; and some days I am allowed to
cum and satisfy the burning inside me, others I am denied the privelege and I
must suffer the agony of my unsatisfied hunger. My orgasms are totally up to
Mistress's discretion and She decides on Her whim if and when and how I may
orgasm. Some days, I clean or do other types of chores, and on other days, She
sends me out on errands all day to hunt down things She desires. Mistress is a
total perfectionist and it is almost impossible to complete the tasks perfectly;
I try my hardest to please Her, but, She wishes to train me to do everything
perfectly according to Her expectations. She is a gorgeous sadistic Goddess and
it is my number one focus in my life: to please Mistress and satisfy Her
expectations. My job is where I must go everyday, but my time otherwise belongs
to Her and the wish to please and serve Her is what I strive for always.

Finally after ten minutes or so on my knees, Mistress enters. She walks directly
in front of me and stops and I bend down and lightly kiss Her boots as I have
done every time She enters the dungeon room for the first time in my day with
Her. "Thank you, Mistress, for Your training, " I say, which is what I must say
after I kiss Her feet. "How are you doing today, pet? " She asks me, in such a
caring manner, yet she never loses Her commanding aura for a second.

"I am well, Mistress, thank You."

"Good, I am glad." She smiles at me. In the next breath, She orders, "Clothes
off, " matter of factly as she stands over me. I immediately get up and disrobe,
removing every piece of clothing and laying it in a neat pile and return to my
kneeling position. Mistress grabs a crop from the wall and sits on the leather
couch. She motions for me to come in front of Her and so I scooch over a few
feet so that I am kneeling in front of Her. My hands remain on my thighs as
Mistress slowly drags the crop down my shoulder to my breast as she informs me,
"Today, I have a friend coming over." Mistress slowly pulls the crop down to my
crotch. "You are to be on your absolute best behavior. I expect you to do
everything you are supposed to, no mistakes. Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress, " I quickly reply, wondering who is coming over and what it has
to do with me.
Mistress tells me to spread my legs and to put my hands on my head and I
immediately do so. "If you make me proud and act properly, you will be rewarded.
If you do anything wrong in front of my company, you will be a very sorry slave.
I hope you do not dissappoint me," Mistress then strikes the crop down hard on
my pussy.
"Yes, Mistress!" The stroke of the crop forces me to answer forcefully. She
strikes my pussy again, harder and I let out a moan, but am careful not to move
from position. She flicks the crop between my pussy lips and I can feel a slight
wetness building. Mistress lets the crop come down again on the same spot.

Mistress puts the crop in front of my mouth horizontally and commands me,
"Open." I open my mouth as she places the crop in my mouth. I then clamp down as
she tells me to "hold this". Mistress then gets up and walks behind me.

"My company is coming in a while. In the meantime... hmmmm.. " Mistress paused
for a minute thinking. She returns with what I could see were two clothespins
which she puts down on the couch. She walks again behind me and I hear her tell
me, "I want you to polish these, " and she lays several floggers, crops, whips,
restraints and all the leather toys I knew of in the room on the couch. Mistress
then tosses a rag in front of me and puts a bottle of leather polish on the
coffee table next to the couch. My hands are still on top of my head and my
knees are spread as I have not been told to move otherwise. Mistress picks up
the two clothespins from the couch and one at a time, clamps them on each of my
nipples. The pain is quick and sharp and I let out a short sigh. "Don't want it
to be boring for you, my dear, " Mistress says, amused a bit more than I am.
Boring would have been okay; in ten minutes, I know my nipples will be burning
intensely. In twenty, I fear the burn will be intolerable. I don't even know how
long She will leave them on me.

Mistress takes the crop from my mouth and adds it to the pile. "You can begin, "
Mistress says with the same tone of voice that my college professors used. I
quickly grab the first implement in reach and the bottle and rag and start my
task. "Those clothespins better not move or I'll move them in a way you will not
like, " She adds.

"Yes, Mistress, " I say, my voice slightly pained.

Mistress grabbs my hair suddenly and pulls my head straight back, "I'll be back
in a bit, " she chimed as she lightly kissed my forehead. She left the room and
I polished.
I polished for ten minutes when as I predicted, the burning became intense. I
breathed in through my nose and out through my mouth as I bared the budding
pain. I was careful to do a thorough job, making sure that on every spot, the
polish was evenly applied and that there was no dust or lint anywhere on each of
Mistress's toys. Every piece was nice and shiny. About ten more minutes went by
and my knees were beginning to ache so I shifted my weight which alleviated most
of that discomfort. But, there was nothing I could do about the slicing pain in
my nipples. My body wanted me to pull those clothespins ever so slightly even
for one second to relieve my burning nipples, but I wouldn't dare no matter
what. Not only would I be punished far worse than any of the pain that those
clothespins were causing, but I would be disobeying my Mistress and nothing
would abate the guilt I would feel for that. I was attempting to dilligently
clean the implements, but I kept stopping to place my arms down and bend forward
on my knuckles as I was now in severe pain. I closed my eyes and tried to wish
the pain to subside in my brain. I had to keep working for if I did not finish
what Mistress thought was the amount that should be done by the time She
returned, I feared She'd be unhappy with my work, which would also result in
some kind of torturous, very unpleasant punishment for me. I looked at my watch
and watched the minutes drag on. I tried blowing on my nipples, but that was
completely pointless.

I had about 3/4 of the toys given to me in my done pile. I heard Mistress's
footsteps as She entered the room and I began polishing even quicker and without
hesitations so She would not think I was not working hard. The pain was so
intense at this point, I wanted to just sob. I kept letting out little whimpers
uncontrollably. Mistress ordered me to stop and turn around to face Her as She
walked toward me and I about faced, still on my knees. She told me to put my
hands on my head and I did, wishing She would kindly remove those bastardly
clothespins from my nipples. Please please please just take them off, I was
begging in my mind. I didn't say a word because that would only cause Her to
leave them on longer than She intended or to flick them with Her fingers to
cause me even more discomfort; I know because I've made that mistake before. If
She were to ask me how my nipples are feeling or if She were to ask me if I have
any requests, then I would be allowed to plead for their removal. Otherwise, I
must bare what She wills to do with me. Mistress walks behind me in the small
space between myself and the couch. I can see Her picking up and looking at each
of the implements I polished out of the corner of my eye. Please please please
hurry and get these things off of me, I wished so loudly I think She could
almost hear the thoughts in my brain.

I could see through my peripheral vision Mistress putting the toys back down one
by one on the couch and she then walked around so that She was in front of me
again. My mind was filled only with my thoughts running rampantly wishing She
would just remove those clothespins. With my hands still on my head, Mistress
lightly caressed my breasts around my nipples. She worked in circles making me
think of nothing else but the raw burn of my nipples. I thrust my body slightly
toward Her trying to subconsciously will Her to end my current misery. Mistress
took one hand and began fingering my clit slowly. It was all I could do to
remain still and not move and I wasn't going to do anything that could possibly
cause these clothespins to be on me for a longer time. I knew that was what my
Mistress was almost trying to make me do.. She was trying to make it very
difficult for me not to squirm so that if I did, she would leave me with the
clothespins or there'd be flicking them intently causing agony and I would have
almost knowingly caused my own added suffering. I closed my eyes and tilted my
head back and moaned in the mix of the cutting pain of my nipples and the waves
of sensation running through my body from Mistress's fingering. "I'm not
bothering you, am I?" I was asked.

"No, Mistress, I am Yours to do whatever You wish. I love to suffer for You,
Mistress." was the correct answer I made my mouth say. Certain questions asked
had definitive answers Mistress expected to hear. At first, it was difficult to
remember these responses- especially with such distractions as what I was
enduring now. After enough training, I could say these things in my sleep.
Mistress took two fingers and penetrated my pussy, sliding Her fingers in me as
far as She could reach. I almost fell over, but managed to keep my hands on my
head and whimpered loudly as I was becoming so wet with desire at this point.
Mistress pulled her fingers out of me suddenly and put them in front of my lips.
Knowing what She expected, I began to suck my own wetness off of her fingers. I
sucked hard and fiercely as I was taught a slave must always suck what is in her
mouth hard and fiercly. "Good girl, " She praised me. Her praise was worth
everything in the world and I'd do anything to earn it.

Mistress removed Her fingers from my mouth and walked behind me. The pain in my
nipples was almost unreal. Mistress told me I did a good job on Her toys. Thank
the lord I thought to myself. "Thank you, Mistress " I replied to Her
compliment. I was happy I pleased her, but I was even more relieved that I would
not be punished one way or another through these clothespins. There was a minute
of silence as Mistress just stood behind me. Please please please, I thought in
my head. Finally, after what seemed like an absolute eternity of that silence
and my waiting with my hands on my head and the piercing pain of my nipples
shooting through my brain, She finally asked: "Would you like me to take the
clothespins off?"

"Pleeeeeaaase, Mistress, if You would have mercy on Your slave. " I knew She'd
like that. I said it with an absolute begging tone in my voice and then I let
out a few true whimpers of pain. I know if I said too much or said please a
dozen times in a row like my instinct was to do, She would only leave me in my
plight. I learned this early in my training as well. My Mistress felt
undignified begging was unbecoming and unnecessary unless she wished to see a
slave beg in such a manner specifically.. Some begging by a slave is a good
thing, I was told, but too much is whiney and childish and won't be rewarded
with what I wish. This can be so hard, especially when I am in as much torment
as I am in this moment, but I am learning to control myself according to
Mistress's wishes.

"Yes, " I was informed and my heart danced for joy. This was one of the most
tormentuous moments in my time with Mistress. Waiting and waiting for something
that could have been done five minutes ago when my nipples are dying in pain is
torture. It's more tortuous than any crop, cane or paddle. I thrust my nipples
forward so anxious for this happy moment in my meager life. Mistress leaned over
and asked if I was ready. She asked this because She knew that the immediate
pain upon removal of clothespins is mind blowing. The pain increases so fast and
so hard before it will subside. I answer in the affirmative and take a deep
breath and close my eyes. She takes them off quickly mercifully and I yelp in a
momentary agony. "Thank You, Mistress," I quickly mutter through my pained
breath. I bend over slightly to catch my breath as the pain starts to subside.

"You can put your hands down now, " Mistress commands.

Again, I thank Her as I breath slower as the burning subsides more and more. My
nipples are still burning, but it is completely bareable at this point. It
remains at this same constant level and I am so grateful to be free of the
excruciating clothespins.

"My company is coming shortly. Do you have to use the bathroom before She comes?
" Mistress asks.

"Yes, please, Mistress."

"Go and then come back here. Put everything back where it goes . You can finish
the rest another day. After everything is cleaned up, you can wait for us on
your knees over there, face the wall, hands behind your back. Understand? " She
pointed to a place near the corner of the room on the same wall as the door.

"Yes, Mistress, " and I leave the dungeon room and use the restroom. I wash my
hands and face with cool water and rub my nipples which is of the greatest
relief. I return to the dungeon and put the different toys away and then get
down on my knees and face the wall as Mistress instructed with my hands clasped
behind my back not knowing how long it would be that I remain here.




I knelt facing the wall for what I guessed to be at least twenty minutes; it was
a pure guess because I was unable to see any clock or my watch as my hands were
clasped behind my back. I started to feel a dull ache in my knees, but I could
not really shift my weight at all with my hands behind my back. I had no idea
when my Mistress was coming back and not knowing how long I would be on my knees
waiting was more tormenting than being in this position itself. If I knew it
would be a half hour, for example, than at least I would have an idea in my head
of how long I'd be like this; but not knowing at all made it seemingly infinite
and it was that sense of unknown infinity that made the weight on my knees
multitudes heavier by the minute.

After probably ten minutes more, I heard Mistress's footsteps walk past the door
of the dungeon and I heard the front door open. I heard another woman's voice
but could not make out anything that was said. I heard Mistress and the other
woman approach the dungeon closer and closer and a nervousness set in. I was
most apprehensive because who was visiting and why and how it would affect me
was completely unknown to me- everyone knows the fear of the unknown is the
absolute worst kind of fear. Mistress and the other woman entered the dungeon
and I made sure to straighten my back as straight posture was pertinent to
Mistress when in a kneeling position. Mistress and Her guest chatted for a few
minutes and I ascertained from the conversation that this woman was a good
friend of Mistress. The two of them stood and talked only a few feet from me,
but neither made any gesture to acknowlege that I was even there. I tried to
turn my head ever so slightly, trying to do it unnoticeably, and I could only
make out the other woman's figure in the corner of my eye. I saw that she wore a
black suit of some kind, but I could not see her face or any of her features
specifically at all. I thought I could sense my Mistress glancing at me, that
sense of someone watching you is almost always unmistakeable. So, I shifted my
eyes back to staring downward at the wall in front of me.

Mistress and her friend continued to chit-chat seemingly catching up on each
other's lives. I continued to kneel in the same position all this time, all the
while my presence had been completely unacknowledged by Mistress or her friend.
I continued to listen to their conversation which was nothing more than mundane
chatter between two friends. I curiously then heard Mistress mention to Her
friend that she recently acquired a few new toys. I heard Mistress's walk over
to the other side of the room and she opened what I knew was Her toy chest. I
was careful not to move a muscle, not knowing for certain if Mistress was
watching me or not. Mistress was telling her friend about a new remote
controlled vibrating butt plug that has all kinds of "cool functions," as She
put it. Mistress apparently was showing her friend the device which She said was
bought by one of Her other slaves. Mistress's friend seemed to be greatly
interested in this plug and mentioned that She loves butt plugs and thinks they
are very effective in training Her slaves. So, my Mistress's friend is also a
Mistress, I realized. This fact made me both a little excited and a little
nervous. Excited because, well, a Dominant woman is always terribly exciting to
me. Nervous because now I knew why my Mistress told me I better be on my best
behavior and that for even the slightest mistake I would be sorely punished.

My Mistress also told her Mistress friend that she also received a pair of
wireless remote controlled vibrating nipple clamps. "This is the age of
technology alright, " Mistress's friend wittily chimed. I heard my Mistress walk
over to the side of the room closer to where I knelt where all the crops and
floggers hung from the wall. Mistress excitedly told her friend about new
paddles She bought that have cut outs and added that they really have to be seen
in action. I had no idea what She was talking about. In fact, I didn't know
anything about any of these new instruments at all; Mistress must have gotten
them very recently or She purposely did not show them to me or use them on me.
Her friend admired these toys and mentioned that She must go toy shopping really
soon and suggested they go together in the near future. My knees were really
feeling strained and I struggled a bit to maintain my position, scared to move
at all with my Mistress so close by.

Mistress then told her friend that She has another new toy and then I heard Her
walk directly towards me until She was standing right behind me; Her shadow
capped over me, and I felt my heart beat so loudly in my chest in nervous
anticipation. "This is my new slave. Turn around, jade, and say hello to my
friend, Mistress Cassandra. " I had never served Mistress in front of anyone
else before and I was very self-conscious of my nakedness, but I knew this was
my place as Her slave whether anyone else was present or not. Being that this
was the first time anyone else was present while I was servile, I was extremely
nervous, moreso than ever before in my service to Her; I wanted to be a perfect
slave and make Mistress proud and only hoped I could live up to Mistress's
expectations of me.

I immediately turned around, relieved to be able to move a bit, and said,
"Hello, Mistress Cassandra, it is an honor to meet You." I leaned forward and
placed a light kiss on Mistress Cassandra's shoes and then returned to an
upright kneeling position. I was now facing my Mistress and able to see Mistress
Cassandra for the first time even though She had been here for what I estimated
to be nearly fifteen minutes at this piont. Mistress Cassandra gave a slight
smile to me and said, "Hello" and then returned to converse with my Mistress.
She asked Her how long She has been training me, if I was a difficult slave to
train and asked about my Mistress's recent trip to London. My Mistress talked a
bit about Her vacation in London and then told Mistress Cassandra that I have
been with Her for three months. She said that I was endearing which made me so
happy to hear, but added that I need much refinement and can be a bit lazy so
She has had to work on those things quite a bit. They talked among themselves
and talked about me as though I were not even there. I just stayed kneeling, not
making a peep or moving a muscle, and I noticed Mistress Cassandra was quite
attractive with long, jet black hair and Her lips were painted a fierce shade of
red. She wore a black business suit and Her skirt hem was several inches above
Her knees, just long enough to cover Her ass, revealing an amazing pair of legs.
She wore black patent leather shoes with stilletto heels that were gorgeous. She
was to die for. My own Mistress was even more amazing, however, with Her
beautiful pin-straight, shiny crimson hair. Her silky black dress revealed the
longest, leanest legs I ever knew and She wore knee high shiny platform boots
that I polished only days earlier.

Mistress asked her friend, Cassandra, if She wanted to see how the new toys
worked and Mistress Cassandra answered cheerfully, "Of course! Nothing is as
much fun as breaking in a new toy."

Mistress walked towards the center of the room and told Mistress Cassandra to
make Herself comfortable. There was a sofa about three feet from the center of
the room with two end tables on either side and Mistress Cassandra sat down and
crossed Her legs, putting Her arm on the armrest to Her side. Mistress looked at
me, snapped Her fingers and said sharply, "Assume the position, " and pointed
down to the floor right in front of Her in the center of the room. I crawled
over to that place and quickly assumed what was termed by Mistress as, "the
slave position". This meant that I was on my knees with my forehead to the
floor, my arms lay outstretched in front of me. My legs were to be spread apart
the amount equal to the width of my shoulders and my ass straight up in the air.
This ensured that I was completely exposed and available to anything my Mistress
wished to do to me. To me, it was the ultimate feeling of submission. My long
hair lay over my head and I could not see anything other than faintly seeing my
Mistress's boots as she walked right in front of me. I could only make out
certain sounds, but I could tell She was opening a package of some kind, the
plastic made a loud crinkle. Suddenly and without warning, I was startled by Her
cold fingers pinching my labia on one side as she crouched behind me. I jumped
just a little, but I was extremely conscious of the need to remain one thousand
percent still.

"Now these are for the nipples, but they can be used for lots of things also..
they work on the clit, on a pussy, even on the tongue if someone is mouthy,"
Mistress talked over me towards Mistress Cassandra. I then felt something clamp
on that one labia, holding my labia in its grip. The truth is I was pretty horny
that day; the idea of seeing my Mistress always makes me hot in anxiousness,
but, also, the last time I masturbated was eight days ago and I was craving
release again. In this state, any touches to my pussy drive me wild. When
Mistress touches me there and I have no control over how much She does it and in
what ways, it drives me insane with desire. I could sense that I was
accumulating wetness down there and Mistress noticed as well as she informed
Mistress Cassandra, "See how she is wet even before I do anything. That is
because she is a total slut. I think if she could, she'd play with herself all
day, every day. Of course, I am very limiting as to when she is allowed to
release; I find that keeping it very limited keeps her hungry and so very
willing to obey. If I let her do it whenever she wanted, well, I think she'd
just be really uppity and too cheeky which would make her much more difficult.
Making it something she has to long for and earn and at My will keeps her humble
and obedient. Doesn't it, slave? " Mistress emphasized the word, "slave,"
strongly.

"Yes, Mistress," I quickly replied, my voice muddled by the fact that my mouth
was facing the carpet. Mistress denied me the right to masturbate more often
than She ever granted me permission. On a few occassions, when I asked for
permission, and sometimes just because She wished it, She would command me to
masturbate and gave specific detailed instructions on how I must and then
instructed me to stop at the very point when I was ready to orgasm. That was
absolute pure torture. It left me dying to release and my mind was preoccupied
with nothing but the thought of cumming and my horniness until whenever I was
finally given the permission or ordered to cum. Sometimes I was denied as part
of a punishment and sometimes, it was purely because She felt like it. Such was
my life as Her property.

"I can't hear you and Mistress Cassandra certainly can't hear you, " Mistress
rebuked me.

"Yes, Mistress!" I said louder lifting my head barely, just enough to make my
voice clear. I immediately put my head back down to the floor. I then felt
Mistress place my other pussy lip in another clamp of the same kind. It didn't
hurt, but I was definitely very aware of its presence.

I heard Mistress Cassandra comment from behind me, "She must really like that
because she is sooo wet! Does she always get like that?" and I heard Her giggle.
She must have gotten up so the two of them could discuss just how wet I was from
behind me while they stared at my sex. It was utterly humiliating and I felt my
face turn flush even though no one could see it. I so wished the topic of
conversation would just change.

"Sometimes, she drips streams to the floor. Of course, I make her lick it up.
But you see, I told you, she is a real slut," my Mistress talked about me,
embarrassing me to death. I couldn't react or object, but tried to put my mind
elsewhere so that perhaps I could magically disappear. The subject did change
thankfully. "So, anyway, there is this wireless remote that has controls and I
can make it clamp tighter like this..." my Mistress explained, not talking to me
but to Mistress Cassandra. I felt the clamps start to tighten as the tension
slowly increased. They got much tighter and it forced me to let out a low moan
as the clamping got increasingly sharp. My pussy lips were now squeezed so hard
it was causing me a good deal of pain. I let out a series of moans as they were
now pinched between those clamps as much as I think they could possibly be. It
was far worse than if someone were to pinch my lips between their fingers as
hard as they could; it felt as if the clamps went through my labia altogether.
"That's the maximum, but isn't that cool, Cassandra? I don't have to tighten
screws or change clamps or clothespins.. just the push of a button." I let out
whimpers that were only somewhat muffled by the carpet. If my Mistress heard
them, She certainly didn't pay them any attention. "They also buzz!" with an air
of excitement in Her voice. She informed Mistress Cassandra, "Watch this." I
then felt a buzzing vibration run from those clamps. The vibrations increased in
intensity slowly also as Mistress pressed the buttons in Her hand. The
stimulations were more than I could bear. I moaned so loud now in successions as
the combination of the intense vibrations and the piercing pressure on my
delicate pussy lips was making me absolutely insane. I couldn't get my brain off
of the impossible pain and fire my labia was made to bear. It didn't subside and
was only getting more excruciating. I began to dig my nails into the carpet,
trying to find an outlet for my agony. I kept moaning and grunting, but Mistress
was completely unaffected by my cries. I was so wrapped up in the ferociousness
of my pain, I only half heard Her words as She was explaining something else to
Mistress Cassandra about something on the remote. That remote that controlled
the destiny of my pain. Again, the uncertainty of how long I was to remain in
this torture made the experience impossible to bear. I wished so badly that
Mistress would just hint to me that for five minutes or ten or twenty was how
long I had to suffer any particular torment. But, She must have enjoyed
burdening Her slave with the unknown in addition to the torment itself.

"You know, " Mistress said, "this isn't going to work. Her parts are too low and
I have to stoop down to get to them. No, this is no good." I still remained in
my agonizing torture doing the best I could to maintain my slave position
knowing if I moved in any way, whatever I was experiencing now would seem like a
cake-walk compared to what I would then suffer; I knew this was especially true
if I did it in front of this other Mistress. I think I'd be done for if I moved
for any reason now. It was all I could do to not jump up or move either clamp
from its biting grip of my tortured skin. I continued to moan uncontrollably,
mixing the moans with pleading whimpers begging to be free of this intolerable
misery without being allowed to utter a word. I heard Mistress ask Her friend
for assistance and then I heard something being dragged accross the carpet,
something substantially big since Mistress needed help in transporting it.
"That's good, right there. Thanks." Mistress said. I heard Mistress Cassandra
plop back down on the loveseat that was a few feet in front of me.

"Up!" Mistress barked and she pulled on the chain that connected the two clamps
that drove my pussy insane with distress and countless tormenting sensations.
The yank caused me to sit up so fast, I didn't even have time to absorb the
added pain from Her tug on the clamps. "On your feet, " Mistress commanded, and
I rose as quickly as possible, so afraid of my Mistress's sternness. I was
barely able to stand and my knees buckled in from the crazy intensity happening
between my legs. "On the table, same position." Mistress patted the table as she
said this, signaling for me to get on it and do it fast.

"Yes, Mistress," flew from my mouth in a tone conveying my pain and suffering. I
whimpered not believing that this torment was only going to continue. I climbed
onto the table that was in front of me and assumed the same slave position as
before, except now I was facing the other direction. This meant that my pussy
was fully open and in plain view for my Mistress and Mistress Cassandra, and
even though the pain was unforgettable for even a nanosecond, I was fully
conscious of the humiliating situation I was in. I only dwelled on it for a
second because the pain was blinding me now and it was all my brain could
absorb. The agony took my mind off of any humiliation, I didn't really care so
much at this point, the pain was so unbearable. The table I was on was a very
large, sturdy square table and the top consisted of padded black leather. It had
eyeholes all around and all down the table's legs so that a person could be
bound in many ways on all sides to the table in various positions and angles;
however, I wasn't bound in any way other than by the fear of my Mistress should
I dare move out of my position. I stretched my arms out in front of me and
grabbed the edge of the table between my finger tips as a means to attempt to
bear this pain. I lay on this table for several minutes with nothing being said
or done, I just could feel eyes watching me. I continued to moan, but now it was
in a sobbing manner. No one seemed to care at all and I was left to just
continue to suffer in this absolute sheer agony. I couldn't help but wiggle my
ass from one side to another at this point. I couldn't keep still, for anything
in the world because of the pangs in my labia. It was just impossible.

"I guess her ass is needing attention too, " my Mistress said almost laughing. I
immediately stopped wiggling because I knew that Her comment was a threat. I
cried louder now, tears were welling in my eyes as my knees dug into the soft
leather of the tabletop. . I closed my eyes and grit my teeth in the
impossibility of the situation. "Ok. Let's see how this one works," I heard
Mistress utter. And, then, finally, I almost cried in joy as Mistress magically
decreased the amount of pressure of those clamps. The pinching was still there,
and the clamps still grabbed my lips tightly, but the pain subsided from
excruciating to just really intense. "Thank you, Mistress! " I made sure to say
so loud and clear as I got a chance to catch my breath. She didn't diminish the
vibrations at all, however, and my brain still struggled to absorb the wild,
stimulations they caused, but at least the pain was closer to bearable.

I heard a tube squeezed just as Mistress said, "A little lube because I'm in a
generous mood, " with just a hint of sarcasm. I then felt something cold and wet
hit my ass cheeks. "My slave loves being fucked in the ass! Don't you?" Mistress
informed Cassandra and asked me.

"Yes, Mistress," I made my mouth say as this was the only response She expected.
The words came out with mixed sobs as I still had much torment happening to my
pussy and I feared the penetration about to come. I forced myself to make sure
to pay attention to what She said and asked as I was so afraid of missing
something and being punished for not answering fast enough or ignoring a
command. It was so difficult with my brain being forced to focus so much on
bearing the torment of my pussy, but at the same time, I had to not let my mind
wander at all away from Mistress's words. As fast as the words came out of my
mouth, I breathed in hard and swallowed as I was taken aback by the initial
intense, cold entry of a plug. I grunted in response to the sharp push. Mistress
stepped back leaving the plug in my ass. It was not a large plug and so I had an
added challenge to concentrate on tensing my butt cheeks while my legs were
spread somewhat to keep the plug from falling out. That too would be a hugely
punishable offense as I had learned in past training sessions. These things made
my Mistress so impossibly tasking in Her training of me. My body did not know
what to think of first: the unrelenting torment in my pussy lips, paying perfect
attention to my Mistress's questions and orders, or the need to clench hard to
keep this lubed butt plug from falling out of me. "Let's see how this works, "
Mistress said to Cassandra. I then all of a sudden felt vibrations from the butt
plug inside of me. It was so strange and odd. The vibrations increased as I
guess Mistress upped the strength from Her remote. The buzzing was so loud and
so strong inside of me. The feeling was like no other I had ever felt in my ass.
The next thing that happened was the butt plug began to fill inside me more and
more. It confused me at first, but then I adjusted to its growing in size until
it grew to the size of a large plug. I moaned and moaned as it filled my ass and
became harder to bear. "Wow, this is MUCH better than having to change sizes, "
Mistress informed Cassandra and Mistress Cassandra agreed. "Here, try it." One
minute later, I felt the vibrations decrease as I guessed Mistress Cassandra was
testing the remote Herself. The butt plug also shrunk back down and I fearfully,
quickly squeezed my ass cheeks because I felt it start to slip. Within moments,
the vibrations became full force again and the butt plug grew back to full size
and filled my ass again.

My ass was now feeling a tremendous pressure and intense buzzing that made me
want to squirm violently, but I had to force myself not to. Mistress put her
hand on the end of the plug that stuck out of me and gave short, sharp pushes. I
moaned and let out several grunts as the plug worked my ass. This mixed with the
unrelenting throbs in my pussy were enough to drive me to complete insanity. My
mind could not handle what my body had to endure. I was breathing so hard and so
fiercely letting out a combination of whimpering cries, pained moans, and brutal
grunts. I wanted to beg for a cessation so badly, but pursed my lips to keep my
mouth from speaking forbiddenly. The vibrations in my pussy lips were directly
tickling my clit and I realized I might begin to cum. I fought the orgasm as
hard as I could in my brain and was petrified that I would succumb. I shook my
head from side to side, trying to tell my body no. Mistress could tell from my
rhythmic moans what was starting to happen. "Better not! " She teasingly
admonished, knowing full well the absolute torment She made my body bear. I
sobbed in tormented frustration. The pressure in my ass was beyond
uncomfortable, but the vibrations and Mistress pushing the plug were only
helping to bring on the throes of an orgasm. I moaned and sobbed so loud,
wishing something to end to prevent me from cumming. It's not that I didn't want
to cum, my body was dying for it; the burning for it was consuming me. But, I
was absolutely terrified of the result of cumming without permission, especially
here and now in front of Mistress's friend. I was on the verge and couldn't keep
myself from crossing.

"Pleeeeeeaaaase, Mistress, I am about to cum," just came out of my mouth. I knew
I was not permitted to speak freely unless spoken to in the slave position
whatsoever, but I frantically concluded it was better to let my Mistress know my
situation than to release without Her express permission. I was completely stuck
in between a rock and a hard place and did not know what else to do.

"Not on your life," Mistress said so matter-of-factly with an ever so slight
sarcastic chuckle, completely unmoved by what I was undergoing . And, ever so
quickly, the vibrations rocking my pussy lips and my ass stopped completely.
"Thank you, Mistress" I quickly uttered attempting to regain control of my
breathing. I was thankful that She stopped the tormenting stimulations and, most
importantly, that I was able to be prevented from cumming as I could not prevent
it on my own under those circumstances. There was no way, no how. I was still in
a miserable agony, however, in that my body was sooo close to that edge of
bliss, I was mad with lust, and I was abruptly and cruelly denied the sweet
taste of relief. I let out low sobs because of this torture that my body had to
endure. I would have fucked anyone or anything practically after all that
torturing arousal, and here I was, left in a frenzied state of hungry desire.

"You see, this is why she needs much work. She can't control herself on her own
and obey a simple command. Property does not experience pleasure without its
Owner's permission. Plain and simple. I thought that was how it worked. Isn't
that how it is, jade?"

"Yes, Mistress. I'm sorry, Mistress." I was trully sorry. I want so badly to
suffer for Mistress and perform perfectly for Her and make Her proud, but I
failed. I suddenly felt the pain in my labia increase sharply so that they were
squeezed to the absolute maximum again. I moaned and sobbed as the raw soreness
returned to my lips. I sobbed because I could not beleive I had to go through
that same pain again and the relief from it was removed. I still remained in the
same position, my body exhausted from its ordeal.

"Then why would you even think about cumming anyway without MY permission?" I
was asked so sternly, I didn't know what to say. I then felt Her hand flick the
clamps on my pussy lips in one swift move and the anguish was more than I could
possibly bear.

"I'm sorry, Mistress." I cried out, half from sheer sorriness and the other half
from thef pain. "I tried so hard, Mistress, but I couldn't help it, " I
stammered, knowing full well that no answer would have been at all acceptable to
Her." I beg your forgiveness, Mistress," I cried this as well, partially because
I was so sorry I nearly disobeyed and failed and partially because I was in
agony.

I saw Her figure pace in front of me as I faced down into the table and I became
frightened of the consequences. "It is something we are going to work on, and
work on hard. Is that understood?"

The vibrating in my pussy lips began again and intensified so that within
seconds, I was back in a miserable plight, my pussy made to suffer excruciating
torment. "Yes, Mistress," I replied in between moans.

"You will learn to control yourself as you are MY property. You do not decide if
you get to cum, do you?" She forced the clamps on my labia to sway again and I
cried out in agony.

"No, Mistress, Never. " I quickly responded. I groaned again and again as I bore
the excruciating torment between my legs.

"Does it matter what the situation?" Mistress asked me almost as if She did not
know the answer, although She very obviously did.

"No, Mistress," was the only right answer from me.

Finally, after another minute or two, the vibrations all ceased and the pressure
of the clamps again abated. I was so immensely grateful for my Mistress's mercy.
She could have left me in a complete state of frenzied torture for as long as
She wished, but She granted me a reprieve. "Thank You, Mistress, " I was sure to
say emphatically.

Mistress pulled the butt plug out of my ass and I again thanked Her with a
profuse gratitude in my tone. "Oh, we're not finished. There is still the matter
of you speaking out of order. Did you think I didn't notice or would forget?"

"No, Mistress." I answered, although I had hoped it did go unnoticed and had
secretly prayed She would forget.

I noticed Mistress did not remove the clamps from my pussy, although it was an
incredible relief that their pain was not as intense. My pussy lips ached and
throbbed beyond belief. I would have sold my soul for the removal of those
clamps, but that wasn't in Mistress's plans yet. I nervously awaited whatever
Mistress had in store now as I still maintained that same position. My arms
itched to move down and touch my pussy; they wanted to move those clamps so
badly, but they reluctantly remained outstretched in front of me even though my
pussy lips continued to ache and throb. My clit also ached and throbbed
torturously, but that was the least of my worries. My legs and knees were pained
and I spread my legs just a half of an inch, an insignificant amount, but it
helped to relieve the discomfort somewhat.

"Cassandra," I want to show you how those paddles work, and, apparently, my
slave needs her ass beat."

"I can see that, " Mistress Cassandra concurred with my Mistress.

The fear of what was coming made me cringe and I almost began to cry, but held
back and prepared mentally to be punished by Mistress and tried to be determined
to not do anything to fuck up more and make Her look even worse in front of Her
friend. If I were a better slave, I'd bear everything dished out as I should and
I would behave according to Mistress's wishes perfectly. I knew I needed to work
on a lot and I also knew that the methods used to 'help me' were going to be
hard and miserable. I still, however, wanted nothing more than to please my
Mistress and be the best slave for Her. So, I would continue to suffer through
Her training willingly and passionately.

"Get down, face the table and bend over." Mistress ordered. She added a very
matter-of-fact "Now." I quickly climbed down, and stood and bent over the table
as my Owner commanded. "Spread your legs, " and I moved my legs apart even
though my knees were shaking slightly in trepidation. My hands grabbed the sides
of the table as I didn't know what else to do with them. I looked straight ahead
with my chin resting on the table. Mistress walked over and locked a cuff
tightly around each of my thin wrists. She expeditiously chained each cuff to
eyeholes in the table as she stretched my arms out tightly and locked the chains
in place. I could not move either arm at all, She left me no slack. It was a
little painful in my shoulders and I struggled to find a position that did not
put strain on my arm muscles. I was able to grab the sides of the table and did
so out of nervousness. Mistress then put a blindfold over my eyes; this made me
even more fearful for some reason. Taking away my ability to see not only made
me feel terribly afraid of the unknown, but also seemed to make me feel whatever
was inflicted on me to a greater degree. It is like every sensation feels much
greater and sharper in pure darkness. I faced straight ahead, left in my own
darkness and heard Mistress talk. I licked my dry lips and tried to control my
breaths.

"You see the cut outs on the paddles? This one has stars. This one says 'slave',
this one has a heart, and, this one has little circles," Mistress was showing
Her new collection to Mistress Cassandra. Before I knew it, without warning, a
paddle came down on my ass so hard, the sting made me yelp. "See, now there are
red stars on her ass."

"That is really cool, " Mistress Cassandra admired.

Another thud met my ass and I let out a loud moan. "This one leaves an imprint
of a heart. I like that." And, again, Mistress brought the paddle down on my ass
as hard as She could. "Maybe, I could train her to know which one is which just
by feeling it?" Mistress wickedly suggested. I hope She realized that that would
be absolutely impossible. Each paddle felt the same.. they all made my ass sting
with fire and I couldn't feel stars or hearts. I seriously hoped she was joking
because I'd never ever learn which was which this way. Another stroke was
brought down and abruptly interrupted my thoughts as Mistress told Cassandra
that She likes the circle design, but added that it's not as good as the heart.
I was lost in my own space in my head, letting out short breaths and moans,
desperately trying to overcome the repetitious pain of each thunderous thwack. I
could tell Mistress was choosing a different spot each time, I guess so each
impression had its own spot. A paddle brutally hit my ass causing a smart so
harsh, I could barely keep still. I grabbed the table so hard and I began to
whimper, begging Mistress to wait even a minute before the next with just my
cries, but I could only beg in my mind. I got about twenty seconds as she told
Cassandra, "This one is my favorite, it puts the word "slave" right accross her
ass," Mistress informed us. I burried my face in the tabletop and sniveled.
Mistress lay another hard slap of the paddle to my ass. This time it was in the
exact same spot as the previous stroke. The power of the sting felt as though it
would send me flying, my hands grabbed the edge of the table so that my knuckles
must have turned white. I let out loud sobs at this point. "Do you like my new
paddles, jade?" Mistress asked me, speaking only an inch from my ear.

My ass was burning and my eyes were welled with tears and I answered "Noooo,
Mistress, " because I couldn't bear this any longer.

"Hmmm. Shouldn't that be a 'Yes, Mistress'?" Mistress harshly corrected me. And,
Mistress paddled my ass again, causing me to wail this time. "It pleases me and
I like it, and don't you like what pleases me?"

I sobbed even harder because my buttocks were burning in a hellish fire. "Yes,
Mistress! I like whatever pleases You!" the pain forced my mouth to say.
"Say it again!" Mistress barked as she lay yet another forceful smack of the
paddle on my skin.
"Yes, Mistress! I like whatever pleases You, " I said it so loud and so emphatic
trying to convince Her of how much I meant it. I swallowed hard. I sobbed and
cried the words; I'd have said anything for my punishment to end.

Mistress brought the paddle to my ass with such might, I could not take the
intensity of the stinging pain. Almost out of an involuntary reflex, I moved my
legs together and bent my knees just for a single, solitary second of a respite.
My brain registered what I had done and I knew it was a huge mistake and
immediately spread my legs apart wider than before, trying almost to make up for
the error. This made the strain in my arms more intense and my whole body ached.

"No one told you to move," She sternly rebuked me.

"I'm sorry, Mistress!" I yelped sobbingly.

"I see that, " my Mistress answered. I wondered how many more I had to take and
prayed that the paddling would end.
"Since you moved, that one doesn't count. We do that one over."
"Yes, Mistress," I cried, the words barely making it from my mouth. I wanted to
show Her I was being as submissive as I knew how, but again the paddle hit my
ass with all its might and I was blubberring.

She stopped and I continued to cry and whimper. I fought the urge to beg and
plead so hard by clenching my mouth shut. I was only permitted to beg through my
cries.

Mistress stood next to me and suddenly grabbed my hair and pulled my head up. I
could feel Her face was very close to mine. "How many has it been?" She asked.

Oh my god, I lost track. My brain raced in fury trying to recount.... "Eleven,
Mistress, Eleven including the redo, ten without it, Mistress, " I said with an
extreme desperation, praying that I was right. The words came interlaced with my
subsiding sobs.

"At least you got that right. Three more," She said. The words were both painful
to hear and music to my ears. I didn't know how I was going to take three more,
just hearing it made me let out a moan. But, knowing that an end was so near
made me feel so relieved that it was so close to being over. Just three more I
thought. What is three? Three is so close to one. Mistress pushed my head back
down on the table.

I took a deep breath and let out another sobbing moan as Mistress struck my ass
with fierce strength again. My ass wiggled up and down, and again I couldn't
help it. I wanted to just jump up and down to shake off the blazing sting, but I
knew that was impossible.

I felt as though I had reached my limit. I could not take any more. I wanted to
scream out. I wanted to beg and plead. I tried to find sanity in my mind.
Suddenly, Mistress Cassandra spoke to my Mistress, "Maybe she has had enough?
She has suffered and taken it well." I wanted to thank Mistress Cassandra from
the bottom of my heart at that moment. I was so grateful for her plea on my
behalf.

My Mistress, however, quickly faded my hopes for amnesty. I then heard my
Mistress tell Her, "Nope. No dice. No mercy. I won't be soft with Her, she has
much to learn. She doesn't fully understand Her place. I KNOW she can take it, I
have a lot of faith in her. I know she tries hard, " Mistress's tone of voice
changed from that of admonishment and severity to one of compassion and caring.
She stroked my hair as she said this and added, "But, she has to try harder. She
is a good slave, I am proud of her and I know she will be a great slave to me
over time." I could hear Mistress almost smile as she said this. And, in the
same moment, she brought her paddle down on me again. Now, however, after
hearing Her words and the few moments of rest I had been afforded, I found a
renewed strength and a deep, passionate want to do anything and take anything to
please Her. That was all I wanted here and now: to please my Mistress in every
way.

"Thank you, Mistress, " I enthusiastically said. I said this not out of fear or
by command, but out of my own volition. It just came naturally. I prepared for
the final blow, and although it came fiercely and caused a shuddering wave of
pain, I would have been able to take more. I thanked Mistress again through the
tear I felt roll down my cheek. I felt an inexplicable sense of contentment. I
had taken more than I ever thought for Her. I somehow felt a peace in my
suffering.

My Mistress carressed my back with her hand ever so lightly for just a minute.
"I knew you could take it. Good girl! I am very pleased." Mistress succinctly
said and then she said no more. Those words praising me and allowing me to know
She is pleased with me are rarely ever uttered and they make it all worthwhile.
They make my heart dance and my insides leap with joy. That small, tiny iota of
praise and affection is worth all the pain and suffering I go through to get it.
"Thank you, Mistress," I blurted unable to even remotely convey just how
thankful I felt.

After a minute or two, I felt the clamps that were on my pussy lips throughout
this immense amount of time removed one at a time quickly and sharply. My pussy
lips just throbbed in achiness, I didn't know which hurt more: my ass or the
flesh of my labia. The pain was subsiding and I was able to find a comfort
within it. Mistress unlocked the cuffs from the chains that connected them to
the table, but She left each cuff locked on my wrists. Mistress took off my
blindfold and commanded me to get up as She pointed to the floor. She still left
the wrist cuffs on me.

I knew without thinking that I was to drop to my knees and so I did. I then bent
forward to kiss my Mistress's boots with tears still welling in my eyes. "That's
enough." Mistress said to me and I slid back on the floor just a little bit, but
stayed in the same position, on all fours with my face near the floor, waiting
for Her next command. I didn't move or change positions as Mistress said nothing
of the sort. "See how well she learns her place with just a little bit of
attention and a few reminders?" She asked Mistress Cassandra almost
rhetorically.

"Apparently, you know what works well with her."

"Ok. jade, go to the bathroom and wash your face. Clean yourself up. When you
get back here, go and face the wall over there." She motioned toward the spot
where I waited earlier. " On your knees, hands on your thighs, palms up. I'll
let you know when and if you are needed again." Mistress stressed the words,
"and if".

"Yes, Mistress. Thank You, Mistress." I said still maintaining the very same
position. I could feel both Mistress' eyes upon me.

"Go now, " Mistress ordered and I ran and did as told. In the bathroom, I washed
my face and splashed cool water on my neck. I turned my body and strained to see
my ass in the mirror. I could only faintly make out red imprints in my reddened
flesh, but could barely see what they were. Tomorrow I'd be black and blue and
purple, I thought.


I then returned to the dungeon and crawled over to the spot by the wall near the
corner. I then waited on my knees facing the wall, waiting in my place for
whatever use Mistress had for me.




My Mistress left me to maintain my kneeling position in the corner for what
seemed like an eternity. My mind wandered and I half listened to the
conversations she had with her visiting friend, Ms. Cassandra. Neither made a
single gesture or motion that acknowledged that I existed and my Mistress
certainly didn't express any concern for my discomfort or feelings. She simply
had no use for me so it was as if I was not there. My place was to wait on my
knees here until She decided my service or use was desired. For some, this might
be upsetting or difficult to deal with; after all, I was practically just shoved
aside inconsequentially. For me, however, it was actually ironically satisfying
and deliciously exciting. Somehow, being used and then tossed aside made me feel
closer to my Mistress and increased the hunger within to please Her. I thought
about all of those things as my knees strained on the carpeted floor. My whole
body was becoming increasingly drained after the earlier ordeals I had endured.
I thought about how odd it is that I almost feel no consciousness of my
nakedness, even in front of a stranger, and I was becoming almost completely
used to total random nudity. It was all part of being a slave, especially a
slave who belonged particularly to my Mistress. Strong feelings of humility and
an overwhelming desire to please and satisfy Her were brought out by everything
She was teaching me and everything She was making me endure.

I was almost completely lost in my thoughts when I heard my name called almost
seemingly in a distance. I did not answer, but instantly I regained my senses
and awaited further instructions. Mistress called me over to Her and I crawled
to where She was sitting on the couch with Ms. Cassandra. She had me kneel right
beside the arm of the couch and she began to stroke my hair. I basked in this
gift of affection. These moments were not so frequent and I absolutely cherished
the times when She bestowed this type of attention on me. She continued to go on
in conversation with Ms. Cassandra for a few minutes longer as she caressed my
hair and then ran Her hands ever so lightly up and down my back. I lapped these
moments up like a parched dog given water. There were no words for the feelings
of humbled joy I felt, nor could I even begin to express just what I would do
for this amazing Domme I am lucky to serve.

After a few minutes, Mistress looked over to me and informed me that She and her
friend would like some cheese and crackers and a bottle of wine. She asked Ms.
Cassandra if Pinot would be alright; Ms. Cassandra confirmed it would be fine.
With that, I went to the kitchen to prepare a platter and to fetch the wine.

Mistress had taught me very specific, detailed instructions for serving food or
drink (mostly to guests) properly to Her liking. She spent several instances
alone just to train me in opening and pouring wine similar to the way a wine
steward would in an upscale restaurant. I was glad for my previous catering
experience because She was so precise in the way She wanted things done and I
don't know if I'd be able to perform these tasks acceptably if not for my
earlier experiences being a waitress. I found the shiny, black and white latex
apron I was to wear for serving hanging in the pantry and I put it on. I tied
the wide latex strings around my waste with a large bow in the back. My backside
was completely exposed and my breasts were hanging free in this apron, it only
covered my privates. I then found the bottle of Pinot Grigio in the fridge and
placed it on a large black tray Mistress had just for serving. I found two wine
glasses and inspected them by holding them up to the light to make sure there
were no smudges of dirt or lint anywhere on the glass, even the bases had to be
absolutely smudge-free. Mistress expected me to make sure every single thing I
served Her and Her guest was absolutely perfect.

I searched the cabinets for the wine chiller and filled it with ice. I took a
black linen napkin and folded it in half and laid it over the top of the
chiller. I made sure the wine key was in the proper position on my tray.
Mistress would consider it nothing but a complete disregard for my duties if I
were to bring the wine without all of these things and I'd certainly be punished
because it would mean that I ignored Her clear instructions and I did not care
to pay attention to details in my service; both things were utterly and wholly
intolerable.

I found a block of Camembert in the fridge and grabbed that with a bunch of red
grapes and a ripe pear. I took a medium sized oval platter and I found two
varieties of crackers in the cabinet. First, I cut up the cheese into small
slices, attempting to cut them as evenly as possible. I made two rings along the
outer edge of the platter, alternating the slices of cheese and the crackers. I
sliced the pears attempting to make the wedges as close in size as I possibly
could. I made a flower of pear wedges in the center of the platter and
surrounded that with the grapes which I had removed from the vine so that every
grape was free of stem. Part of my duties in serving Mistress and Her friend was
to ensure that they could eat and drink effortlessly without a single worry in
regards to food or drink.

I decided my cheese platter looked fantastic (if I did say so myself) and placed
it on the tray I was to bring to the dungeon where Mistress and Ms. Cassandra
waited. I folded two beige linen napkins into neat triangles and took two very
small, square paper napkins specifically intended for beverages. I took one more
black linen napkin and folded it in a neat triangle as well. I also grabbed two
small china plates that were perfect for nibbling. I checked my tray, and then
deciding everything was perfect and ready for Mistress, I carried it to the
dungeon. When I reached the dungeon room, I stood waiting in the doorway for
Mistress to allow me to enter. She nodded slightly to gesture me to come in and
She continued Her chatter with Ms. Cassandra. I placed the tray down every so
lightly on the coffee table that lay in front of the couch they were sitting on
and knelt so that I was facing them from the other side of that table. I was
nervous, but knew exactly what I was to do and what Mistress expected.

I opened one of the beige linen napkins so that it was just folded in half the
long way and held it up so that it draped accross my hands. I kept my eyes
lowered as I offered this up to Mistress first and then did the same with the
other beige linen and held it up likewise to Ms. Cassandra. Both Ladies placed
the napkins in their laps and then watched me intently. My heart raced, but I
tried to ignore my nervousness and continued. I put one china plate directly in
front of each Mistress on the table. To the right of each plate, I put down a
beverage napkin and placed the wine glasses down on each napkin. I was careful
to only pick those glasses up by their stems when I lifted them for my fingers
were not allowed to touch the upper part of the glass at all. I presented the
bottle of wine to Mistress and then showed Ms. Cassandra the label. This was
rather silly to me as Mistress picked out the wine Herself and surely She knew
what type of wine was in her own refrigerator, but She enjoyed being served
meticulously and with much ritual. The details I had to practice in serving Her
wine was just one example of this fact.

After I presented the bottle, I opened it with one of the black linen napkins
laid over my left arm exactly as a professional waiter would. I had to make sure
the label faced Mistress at all times, anything else was unacceptable. I cut the
foil by making two sharp, quick cuts with the small knife on the wine key, and I
neatly pulled the top part of that foil off in one piece. I was rather impressed
with myself that I could do this so immaculately. Next, I screwed the cork screw
into the cork while holding the bottle steadily by the neck, still being sure
the label was facing front. I slowly and gently raised the cork and was able to
lift it out of the bottle by tugging gently with my hand. It did not pop, but
barely made any audible noise. I breathed a sigh of relief for getting this far
with no errors at all. I placed the cork halfway in between both Ma'ams on the
coffee table vertically so that it would not roll off the table.

I took the napkin from my arm and folded it so it was quartered and held that
under the neck of the bottle of wine while my other hand held the wine from the
bottom of the bottle as I began to pour. My hands were not allowed to touch the
neck or lip of the bottle of wine once it was opened. It was as almost as if a
slave's hands would contaminate the wine. I poured a tiny amount in my
Mistress's glass, filling the glass with maybe a half of an inch of wine only. I
was careful to hold the napkin under the lip of the bottle as I poured to ensure
that not a drop spilled anywhere. That too was a highly punishable misdeed. I
poured the same amount of wine for Mistress Cassandra and then withdrew the wine
and kept my eyes lowered to the floor as I had been trained. I waited until each
Mistress sampled the wine as I held the bottle close to me. I then asked, "May I
pour the wine, Mistress?"

Mistress answered, "You may," and both Ladies put their glasses back down on the
beverage napkins. I poured Mistress Cassandra's glass first this time, filling
it two thirds with wine. I did the same in my Mistress's glass and then took the
wine chiller off the tray and placed it on the left handed corner of the coffee
table as I held the wine from the bottom of the bottle with my right hand. I
concentrated intently on not dropping anything. I put the wine in the chiller
with the label facing Mistress again and lay the linen napkin gently over the
bottle of wine. I figure I could get a job at the most fanciest of restaurants
and there could be no customer more difficult or requiring more meticulousness
than my Mistress.

I actually really enjoyed this aspect of my service to Mistress; the finely
detailed ritualistic service was a bit challenging and was a nice contrast to
some of the more monotonous, mundane chores I have done for Her such as
scrubbing floors or cleaning out Her refrigerator. I also knew it meant She had
a certain trust in me that I could perform such pedantic tasks.

After I set the wine in its chiller, I then had to find a place for the tray
that was out of the way. I picked up the tray and then stood up from my kneeling
position, ever so careful not to spill my cheese platter that rest upon it. Of
course, it would have been easier to put the platter on the table first before
lifting the tray, but that was not the acceptable etiquette. As I stood
carefully balancing my tray, I backed away from where I stood so that I did not
turn my back to Mistress. I placed the tray on a small table off to the side and
placed the remaining black linen folded over my arm and carried the platter back
to the coffee table. With my eyes lowered, I knelt back down again facing both
Mistresses from the other side of the coffee table once again. I held the
platter carefully in one hand and used my free hand to lay the black linen
centered on the table. My platter was not to touch the table itself, but could
only rest on a linen napkin. I, however, was required to hold out the platter
myself to make it easy for Mistress and Her friend to eat from it without having
to bend at all. Mistress actually complimented my work and said "Your platter
looks quite lovely, jade" Mistress Cassandra expressed agreement with my
Mistress.

"Thank you, Mistress," I replied quietly and demurely with my eyes looking only
downward. I was proud of my work but would not dare to express or display any
haughtiness.

With their napkins delicately folded in their laps, they began to take from the
platter and then resumed talking, and again, it was as if I was almost not even
there. They nibbled on the cheese and fruit as I held my arms straight out with
the platter resting on my hands. I kept my eyes lowered, but carefully monitored
each glass of wine. After two sips were drunk from a glass, I immediately was to
place the platter down on the table and remove the wine from its cooler. I used
the linen napkin that lay on the wine cask to wipe the bottom of the bottle from
any residue wetness from the ice, and then again folded it in quarters to hold
under the lip as I poured. This all was not easy to do accurately and it
required effort to time perfectly, and I had to focus intently on filling the
glasses at the proper time. I was thankful there was only Mistress and Her guest
for when there were three or four people, this was far more difficult. I had to
pour the wine specifically after two sips, no more or less and had to be careful
not to spill a drop of wine each time. After I poured the wine, I replaced it in
the cask and held out the platter again with straight arms.

It was probably exhausting to watch, but even more arduous to do. I was actually
grateful for the opportunity to put down the platter as it grew increasingly
heavy in my arms and caused my arms to ache slightly. Mistress and Ms. Cassandra
continued to eat and talk and drink without acknowledging that I was there,
except I could feel Mistress's gaze upon me every so often. I guess She was
inspecting that I was maintaining the levels of wine in each glass properly, or
perhaps She was just looking at me because I was there; I really did not know.
When about one quarter of the bottle of wine remained, both Mistresses seemed to
stop eating and drinking. I still remained with my arms stretched out holding
the platter which was becoming extremely heavy. I was hoping someone would take
another sip of wine so that I had a reason to put it down, but that did not
happen. I tried shifting my hands a little underneath the platter so that my
arms could bend slightly at a different angle, but that only helped for a couple
of minutes and then my arms ached again. I kept my head lowered and know I had a
pained expression on my face, but no one paid any heed. I lifted my ass off of
my legs and knelt upright to help alleviate some of the growing pressure on my
knees. This too only helped for a few moments.

I listened to Mistress's chatter with Her friend... they seemed to be able to
talk forever, nonstop as only two female friends can. And, then, I made a fatal
error. Mistress Cassandra made a funny remark and I foolishly let out a small,
but audible snicker. I don't know why I did it, it just happened, but I let the
giggle slip from my lips. My Mistress laughed as well, but ceased suddenly.
Before I knew what had happened, I heard my Mistress say coldly to Ms.
Cassandra, " I did not know we were here to entertain my slave," Mistress
Cassandra did not answer the rhetorical question, but I felt both sets of eyes
burning through me.

I instantly wiped the smile off of my face and kept my head downward knowing I
had slipped. The silence was like walls closing in on me and I hoped they would
just go on with their conversation again. But, of course, that did not happen.
Mistress told me to put the platter down and I carefully laid it on the black
linen napkin, somehow hoping my carefulness with it would balance out my
blunder. With my head bowed and my eyes lowered, I could see Mistress get up and
come over to me. With one swift motion, She slapped me intently across the left
side of my face. The blow stung for a moment, but shocked me into a harsh fear
more than anything else . As I absorbed the fading sting that her blow left on
my cheek, I saw Mistress walk across the room even though my head was still
lowered. She returned with some rope and from behind, she quickly bound my hands
behind my back. I saw Her walk away and return with a blindfold out of the
corner of my eyes, which she steadfastly placed over my eyes. I wish I had kept
my mouth shut was all I had thought about. Moments later, I felt a ball gag fill
my mouth hastily. Mistress pushed me over so that I fell on my side and I had no
way to balance myself with my hands bound behind my back. I toppled over easily
and I then felt my legs being bound and before I knew it, I was hog-tied and I
was harshly pushed over like a piece of meat so that I was laying on my stomach.
My arms and legs were bound together uncomfortably behind me. "Spread your legs,
" Mistress sharply ordered me. Event though, my legs were already spread
somewhat due to my position, I jumped and spread my knees as far as I could in
out and out fear. I felt something inserted into my pussy and then felt that
object vibrate and gyrate inside me as I felt Mistress's cold hands fiddle
around my pussy lips. The vibrations were weak and the turnings were slow inside
me, but I was acutely aware of the pulses inside my sex. I knew this dildo and
ascertained that Mistress left the buttons on low because if they were turned up
high, I'd be convulsing in orgasm. Instead, I was merely just aware of the
object working inside me.

"There, now that is entertaining, " Mistress followed this with a laugh. "If I
were you, I'd be sure that doesn't fall out now." Even though I couldn't see
Her, Mistress obviously directed this towards me.

So, here I lay in complete pained discomfort, the ropes cutting into my wrists
and ankles and the vibrations inside me were enough to make me think about
cumming, but in no way reach that possibility. I did feel myself grow somewhat
wet and brought my legs in as much as I could. They were still spread to some
degree, however, and my mind raced with dread in the thought of that dildo
slipping from my wet pussy. I kept squeezing my muscles inside me almost like
kegel exercises to hold it in and this seemed to work. I focused on finding a
center and withstanding my discomfort. My brain was all over the place lost in
thought, but I could not free myself from the dull throbbing within. I moaned
and I grunted, but no one paid any attention as Mistress and Her friend
continued talking. I could hear their words, but much of the time my mind was in
its own world and I didn't absorb the meaning of what they were saying. It
sounded almost like a bunch of people talking off in a far distance- I could
hear some words, but not make out any content. I concentrated intently on
holding the phallus inside me as my wetness made it harder to do. Without
warning, I felt the dildo shoved hard inside me and I guessed Mistress to be
pushing that dildo as it was thrust hard and forcibly deep inside. I let out
pained moans and I began to feel my body overcome with arousal as she
ferociously fucked me . "Do you find this funny, jade?" Mistress asked me,
putting an emphasis on the word, "this". I shook my head emphatically and moaned
"no" just the same. Just as suddenly as the fucking started, it abruptly stopped
and Mistress went back to ignoring my presence. I felt my juices dripping from
my pussy after Mistress walked away and it made me even more conscious of the
movements of that dildo inside me. It was enough to torment me, but not nearly
enough to relieve me with any pleasure at all. It was all just enough to drive
me crazy.

I must have been left like this for a long period of time, at least the ache in
my wrists and ankles made it seem to be that way. Finally, I felt the phallic
object pulled out from me; it slid extremely easily from the dripping fluid my
pussy emitted. The blindfold was removed as well and I heard Mistress's
footsteps walk away from me. I turned my head and saw Her sit back down with Ms.
Cassandra.

"I have to get going, " Mistress Cassandra informed my Mistress. "I have an
appointment at 7."

"Ok. Well, I am really, really glad you stopped by, " Mistress informed her
friend. "Oh, I almost forgot... So, it is a deal??" Mistress asked Her friend. I
had no idea what deal She was speaking of, but apparently Ms. Cassandra did.

"Sure, why not?" Cassandra answered. "My boots are in the shopping bag by the
door." I watched the two converse while I struggled to find some relief from the
biting of the rope that bound my legs and arms together. "I don't really wear
them much anyway lately, so you can have them," Ms. Cassandra informed my
Mistress matter-of-factly.

Mistress looked over at me, it seemed that She was making sure that I knew She
was intently looking straight at me. "So, what time should she be there
tomorrow?" I was a tad confused as I strained to make out what they were talking
about.

"Oh, how about 9 a.m.? She's off from work tomorrow, right?" Ms. Cassandra asked
my Mistress.

"Oh, yes, she's off tomorrow and Sunday and is all yours for the whole weekend,"
my Mistress said purposely loud enough for me to clearly hear. Mistress laughed
and then added, "Just bring her back in one piece."

"Of course," Ms. Cassandra assured Her. "Don't worry; I'll take good care of
her."

My Mistress replied, "Not too good, I hope!" And they both laughed.

So, I had been traded for a pair of boots? I wondered in my head. That's crazy.
Impossible. My Mistress was actually trading me for a pair of used boots. They
weren't even new boots.

Mistress Cassandra said her goodbyes and then left. Mistress sat on the couch
and picked up Her glass of wine and took a sip. "So, tomorrow, you will be at
Ms. Cassandra's at 9 am. Of course, you will be on time. I'll email you the
address later tonight. Bring what you need because you will be staying with Her
until Sunday night, unless of course she tires from you before that," Mistress
instructed me and then took another small sip of wine. "Her word is as good as
mine to you. Understand?" Mistress asked me.

I dutifully shook my head in the affirmative. I wanted to ask a dozen questions,
but I knew there was nothing for me to do but obey whatever Mistress desired of
me. Mistress continued to slowly sip the white wine and left an eerie, but oddly
comfortable silence to fill the space between us as I remained bound and gagged.

When She finished the last sip in Her glass, She walked over to me and released
me from my gag and untied me from the ropes. As she did this, she only
instructed me to clean up everything and to make sure the kitchen was immaculate
before I left. Mistress said She was tired and was going to take a nap and as I
stood up and rubbed my throbbing wrists, she placed a kiss on my cheek. She held
my chin in her hand and in a tone equally conveying both authority and love, She
added, "Don't worry. You will see me soon. Be good at Cassandra's." And, that
was all She said to me as left me alone in the room.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scarlett Fever


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





