BDSM Library - Regina's Awakening




Regina's Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bad day for Ragina becomes a great night.Regina's Awakening   
It was a bad idea to work late on a Friday night, she thought. Regina was
  waiting at the bus stop for the bus to take her home for over forty minutes.
  This has not been a good day for her. First, she woke up late for work. Then,
  her car had a flat tire and had to run to catch the bus to work. Next, her
  boss was on her because her reports were late due to the computer system and
  servers being down for most of the day. Then, her boyfriend of three years
  left her at lunchtime. And now, after a long and, apparently, shitty day, she
  has to take the bus home at 10:50 p.m. All alone. Of course, Regina called
  her friend, Maria, for a ride. However, she (Maria) was getting ready for an "intense
  date" tonight. So, as she stood at the bus stop, she thought, it couldn't get
  any worse.  
It starts to rain. Talk about the icing on the cake.  
As the rain began to pour, a green van pulls up along side Regina and the
  passenger window rolls down. "Would you like a ride home?", asks the young
  woman behind the wheel. Regina looked cautiously at the young woman, who happens
  to look Hispanic, and says, "No thanks. I live on the North side of town. I
  don't want to be any trouble." "Nonsense.", says the young woman, "I live near
  the mall off the loop. Don't be so proud that you will risk getting sick in
  the rain. Do you have a raincoat or an umbrella?" Regina nods no. "I was in
  the same situation once before.", said the young woman, "Come on, we, girls,
  have to stick together. Right?" Regina looks within the van and sees that it
  was empty with the exception of a child seat in the back. Regina thinks momentarily
  and says to herself, at least something good happened today.  
She gets into the van and is handed a towel by the kind young woman. "My
  name is Helena.", she said. "I'm Regina.", Regina replies. She takes the towel
  and starts to dry herself. "Thank you.", she says. "You're welcome, chica.",
  Replies Helena.  
Suddenly, there was a small sharp pain in Regina's side. "OW!", Regina cried
  out. As she starts to take the towel off her head, it was suddenly pulled down
  tightly. Regina tries to pull it off. However, she feels herself get weaker
  and weaker. She finally felt too weak to move and lost consciousness. The last
  thing Regina remembers hearing was Helena saying, "Sleep tight, chica." Then
  darkness.  
 
  Regina finally awakens to find herself in a dark room with no hint of any windows.
      She is on a small bed with a table at the opposite side of the room. As
      she tries to get up, she realizes that she cannot move. Her hands were
      tied at the elbows and wrists. And her legs were tied together at the knees
      and ankles. She also realizes that her mouth has been gagged with a rubber
      ball, which has been taped over her lips. As she continues to struggle
      against her bonds, she again realizes that her clothes have been removed.
      With the exception of her blue bra, black panties, and black thigh high
      stockings.   
Suddenly, Regina hears a door open and looks to see two figures at the door.
  As the two figures walk in, Regina sees that they are women. And more than
  that. Regina recognizes one of the women as Helena, the young Hispanic woman
  that had picked her up. She can see more of Helena now than before in the van.
  She was a bit large yet shapely. Her hair was extremely short. Like a military
  cut. She wore a black leather vest with leather pants, flat-heeled boots, and
  skintight leather gloves. Her neck was adorned with an Apache bone necklace.  
"My friend has taken an interest in you for a while now.", said Helena, as
  she motioned to the figure beside her. Regina saw the other figure beside Helena.
  She could tell that the other person was an African American female. Except
  she was a bit darker than Regina. The mysterious woman was medium build but
  well put together. Regina couldn't determine anymore about the other woman
  because she wore a full hooded cobalt blue cape and a stunning Chinese mask,
  which concealed her.  
All of a sudden, Regina's exploration of the mysterious woman was interrupted
  as Helena spoke again, "It took us a while to get you here. But now that you
  ARE here, let's get the party started." Regina's mind automatically flashed
  with panic at the sound of those words. And she suddenly found herself struggling
  against the ropes that held her. Apparently, this amused Helena, for she smiled
  upon seeing Regina's vain struggle.  
"Now, there are some rules that you must follow.", said Helena, "First,
    you will address Me as 'Ma'am'," And Helena made a motion to her mysterious
    companion and continued, "and you will address Her as 'Mistress'." Regina
    looked blankly at the two women. Helena continued, "If you do not address
    us accordingly and respectfully, you will be punished." And from behind her,
    Helena pulls out a flat wooden paddle, the kind that High School Vice-Principals
    used to use. The paddle measured about 10 to 12 inches in length and about
    4 to 5 inches in width. It was about 2 inches thick and had holes throughout
    the surface. The surface was smooth and polished.  
  Naturally, Regina's eyes widened with fear and terror over the instrument that
  Helena presented just now. "The first offense will be 10 swats of the paddle.
  If you continue to refuse us or disobey us, the punishment will be 20 swats.
  Do you understand chica?" However, Regina couldn't answer for she was sill
  frozen in place by fear. All of a sudden the Masked Lady forced her down from
  the bed and to the floor. She then sits on Regina to immobilize her. "I gave
  you your ONLY warning, chica!", snarled Helena. And like lightening, the first
  impact sent shockwaves of pain so intense; that it reassured Regina that what
  was happening to her was no dream. A loud, muffled cry came from behind Regina's
  gag. The second impact came much quicker and harder in intensity that she was
  not prepared for it. Tears of pain and fear came streaming down her face as
  the paddled came down again. As the paddling continued, Regina couldn't think.
  She couldn't even ask "Why? Why was this happening to me?". All that she could
  feel was the pain that rocked her body as the paddle slammed against her buttocks.
  After the last whack was sent, the Masked Lady rose off Regina and lowered
  her to the floor on her knees. Regina could feel the heat emitting from her
  freshly spanked ass. It was painful for her to keep still. But she managed
  it. "Do you understand now?", asked Helena. Regina slowly nodded.   
The Masked Lady approached Regina and placed a collar around Regina's neck.
  Attached to the collar was a leash that was normally used for dogs' collars.
  Helena also approached and untied Regina's arms and legs. "Get up!", ordered
  Helena, and Regina slowly rose from the bed.  
Regina was suddenly pull by the chain by the Masked Lady and motioned to
  an empty blue metal folding chair that was placed by her. "Yes, Mistress.",
  said Regina, through her gag, as if the Masked Lady had spoken to her directly.
  And she walked towards the chair. Uncertain as to what to do next, she stood
  before it, with her hands behind her back and her head lowered, and awaited
  for further instructions. Helena smiled and said, "You learn quickly, chica.
  Now, sit down with your hands behind the back of the chair." "Yes, Ma'am",
  replied Regina.  
She slowly sat as instructed and felt her wrists and ankles being
    tied and secured to the chair. A cloth hood was suddenly placed over her
    head. And small hands began to slowly pull off her panties. All of a sudden,
    she felt something being inserted into her. Hard. Plastic. A vibrator. Try
    as she might, Regina was horrified and helpless to stop this "invasion" of
    the unwanted device and gave a low grunt as it was inserted into her. For
    a moment, Regina thought she heard one of the women make a comment. "Interesting." 
  Regina felt her left breast being slid out of her bra. Her nipple being pulled
  and twisted. She felt an ice cube being place on and around her nipple causing
  it to expand. "Let's see her reaction now.", Regina heard the Hispanic woman
  say. The hood was pulled off and Regina could clearly see both figures standing
  directly in front of her. The Hispanic woman walked over to Regina and started
  to play and tease the piece of flesh at the front of her breast. It started
  to stiffen and ache. She suddenly felt an intense wave of pain course through
  her body as small metallic teeth bit onto her tender nipple. Regina stiffened,
  jerked and screamed through her gag. "Wonderful response time.", Helena chuckled
  as she spoke to her masked companion.   
Regina felt her right breast being slid out. She began to feel the ice cube
  being placed onto her sensitive nipple. Her breathing quickened, as fear began
  to take root. "Oooooo, it seems that Our little pet is frightened.", said Helena.  
Tears started to stream down Regina's face. Her eyes looked imploringly at
  her female captors in an effort to plead for mercy. She muffled "Please, don't!" behind
  her gag and shook her head violently. However, all her efforts fell upon deaf
  ears and blind eyes, for what she heard Helena say next caused her sink into
  despair, "I don't think so, chica." and she turned away from Regina. Her body
  was still reacting to the pain of the metallic teeth biting into her tender
  flesh.  
Despite the pain she was feeling, she was surprised to feel her arms and
  legs being untied. Her bounds being removed. She felt herself becoming free
  of the chair. She raised up and out of the chair. She was bent forward with
  her hands being held over her head by the Masked Lady. However, her legs were
  still stiff from being bound to the chair that she remained immobilized. "Some
  people never learn.", Helena dryly stated.  
Without warning, the first swat of the paddle hit Regina squarely on the
  buttocks. The impact send shockwaves of pain throughout her body. She cried
  out in pain behind the gag. The second swat of the paddle came in sooner than
  she had expected followed by the next swat. And the next. Each swat caused
  a searing pain never before imagined. Even in Regina's memories of her childhood,
  her punishments were never so severe. Each smack was a new moment. A new experience
  in pain and suffering. The paddling and the pain became so intense that Regina
  thought that she would pass out from it. And as suddenly as the paddling had
  began,... it had stopped.  
 
  Regina was placed back onto the chair. Her hands and legs were once again bound
      to the chair. She could feel the coolness of the seat against her reddened
      buttocks. She then heard Helena speak. "The more you screw up, the more
      you will be punished. Comprende', chica?"   
Behind the sobbing, Regina managed to respond behind her gag, "Yes, Ma'am."  
Then instantly, Regina felt the metallic teeth biting hard onto the tender
  flesh of her right nipple. She gasped as the pain shot throughout her entire
  body. She realized that no ice was used to numb the pain this time. The pain
  begin to mix with a pleasure that she has never known before. Her body began
  to shiver in both pleasure and pain. She felt herself coming to an orgasm.
  However, it was one unlike anything she had ever experienced before. The intensity
  was overwhelming.  
After a while, The clamps and the vibrator were removed. Regina's body tingled
  with every movement. A slight touch caused a wave of euphoria to wash over
  her. The nipples, which were subjected to the unmerciful bites of the metallic
  clamps, felt sore. However, she began to ache for these items to be placed
  onto her once again. As if the very item that was removed from her were an
  essential part of her anatomy. Even the vibrator, the very item that she despised
  when it was first inserted into her, caused her pussy to gasp and hunger for
  the small plastic intruder. However, she was starting to wonder why she is
  beginning to have these feelings. Did it start with her capture and torment?
  Or have they always been there?  
However, these are questions that would remain unanswered, for now, she could
  feel her binds being untied. Regina remained still for fear of receiving another
  punishment. "Good girl, chica.", Helena stated and gently stroked Regina's
  tear and sweat soaked face.  
The Masked Lady helped Regina from the chair and led her to a small table.
  She motioned Regina to lay on the table. And Regina responded, through her
  gag, "Yes, Mistress.", and proceeded to walk towards the table and laid down
  upon it.  
"Chica is coming along very nicely in her training, isn't she?", Said Helena
  with a big smile. The Masked Lady nodded silently in response. " She was definitely
  worth the wait, huh?", Helena stated. Again, The Masked Lady nodded silently
  .  
 
  The ominous pair walked over to the table and proceeded to bind Regina's hands
      and legs to each leg of the table. In addition, her collar was fastened
      to a D-ring on the table. And lastly, her gag was removed and was to be
      replaced with a type of harness that resembled a horse's bit. Regina looked
      at it bewilderedly. However, her curiosity of the item was interrupted
      by the sound of Helena's voice. "Open wide, chica."   
"Yes, Ma'am.", Regina replied meekly. And the bit was placed into her mouth
  and the harness fastened tightly around her head. Regina felt a pair of chains
  were protruding from either side of the harness at the bottom of each cheek
  and were tauntly secured to the table. To her surprise, she suddenly felt her
  head being pulled up. Apparently from a chain that was connected to the top
  of the harness. Thus, keeping her head immobilized. She also realized the true
  purpose for the head harness. For she saw in the mirror in front of her, not
  only, her reflection. But the reflections of those behind her. Mainly Helena
  and The Masked Lady.  
"Chica, I think that you're wearing TOO much.", said Helena with an evil
  smile on her face. Regina felt a surge of fear and panic rush over her as she
  saw a pair of scissors being raised. However, as much as she wanted to try
  to break free of the bonds, she dared not make any movement for fear of harsh
  punishment. So, Regina closed her eyes tightly as she felt the scissors slowly
  cut away at the flimsy fabric of her bra and panties. Her body flinched slightly
  as the cut items were quickly removed leaving her naked and exposed. She felt
  a wave of shame wash over her.  
However, that feeling was not going to last. For she felt herself suddenly
  being violated from behind. As her eyes widened in surprise, she saw in the
  mirror's reflection, The Masked Lady fucking her like a dog with a strap-on
  dildo. With each slow and violent thrust, Regina became shocked and aroused
  by the violation. She also saw that Helena was beside her. She had something
  in her hands. It wasn't too long to find out that it was a multi-tailed whip.
  For Helena started using it across her back every time The Masked Lady thrust
  into her.  
Regina started to moan deeper and louder. Her eyes were closed tightly as
  the violation progressed. However, her eyes suddenly opened wide as she felt
  a slap hit squarely across her ass. "Keep them open.", whispered The Masked
  Lady. "Yes, Mistress.", responded Regina through her bit and looked at the
  pair through the mirror. "Good girl.", whispered The Masked Lady.  
"Always remember, chica,...", Helena started to say as she lit a blue candle, "...with
  pleasure comes pain." Regina looked at Helena with a sense of confusion as
  the very pleasure that Helena mention began to grow inside with an unbridled
  passion. Each stroke and thrust brought Regina closer to that blissful state
  of Heavenly Oneness. She was at the pinnacle of reaching and being One with
  her universe until she felt that sudden scalding drop of candle wax hit her
  on her left shoulder blade.  
Instead of a rush of euphoria washing over her, she felt intense pain. She
  let out a cry of pain as her body shuddered violently. She felt a line of hot
  wax being poured carefully along her spine. A loud moan filled the room. And
  suddenly, the Universe exploded from within Regina. Worlds were created. Stars
  were formed. And the Blackness of Space was now populated in a single, violent,
  and beautiful climax. The waves of a thousand orgasm washed over her tiny and
  fragile form. Her cries of ecstasy filled the dark and silent room. Her tears
  flowed down her face like a cascading mountain waterfall. Sweat poured and
  glistened her body. Her juices flowed out of her as an unending stream and
  it's scent filled the room. For Regina, nothing else mattered but that moment.  
And, for what seemed like an eternity, time and place had no meaning. However,
  Regina was brought back to Earth as she suddenly felt the soft and gentle touch
  of a hand lightly removing the stiffening wax from her sweat soaked back. She
  was surprised to see that it was Helena. "Did 'chica' enjoy this session?",
  asked Helena as she bent to kiss each mark left by the candle wax. "Yes, Ma'am.",
  replied Regina though the bit gag. Helena smiled.  
Helena and The Masked Lady proceeded to undo Regina's bounds and helped their
  sweat soaked captive to her feet. They led her to a door that was unseen until
  now. Helena opened the door and revealed it to be a bathroom. "Clean up and
  come back into the bedroom when you're through.", stated Helena. Regina bowed
  her head and replied, "Yes, Ma'am.", and walked into the bathroom.  
As closed the door to the bathroom, she looked around at the brightly
    colored room. A definite contrast to where she had emerged from. The scent
    of sandalwood and jasmine filled the room. She walked across the cool tiled
    floor towards the tub and started the water. As the water poured, she walked
    towards the mirror and looked at her reflection. He back was covered with
    long red marks and her buttocks were a deep shade of purple. "Man, I'm hope
    these aren't permanent." She notices a window and sees that the moon is full
    and most of the rain clouds are gone.  
  She goes back the tub and tests the warmth of the water. Satisfied with it's
  warmth, she enters the tub and turns on the shower. She looks around at the
  bath and body wash and sees that it is one of an expensive kind. As a matter
  of fact, she had noticed that mostly everything in this bathroom is of a high
  end quality. From the tiles on the floor to the shower that she is in to the
  Armoire that holds the towels and toiletries. All of it is high class. Regina
  begins to wonder and asks herself, "Why Me?"   
She finishes her shower and steps out and dries herself. She sees that her
  clothes are hanging on a hook on the door neatly pressed and smelling of sandalwood.
  She reaches for them but stops suddenly.  
Meanwhile, Helena and The Masked Lady are waiting, at the foot of the bed,
  for Regina to come out of the bathroom. Both rise as they her the door open.
  Regina emerges from the bathroom naked. "Feeling better, 'chica'?", asked Helena.  
Regina bows her head and meekly replies, "Yes, Ma'am." She is astonished
  as to how comfortable she has become in this "submissive" role.  
"Do you like this place?", asks Helena.  
"Yes, Ma'am.", Regina replies, "I like it a lot."  
The Masked Lady approaches and presents two leather collars before Regina.
  One collar has the word "Slave" embroidered on a silver plate in the middle
  of the collar. The other collar has the word "Sub". Also embroidered on a silver
  plate. Regina looks to Helena in confusion. "She is offering her collar to
  you.", explains Helena, "If you accept the 'Slave' collar, you can stay here
  rent-free. All you have to do is serve her. If you pick the 'Sub' collar, you
  will still belong to her, however, you will be your own person in the outside
  world." Regina listens as Helena continues. "If you wish to leave and never
  come back after tonight, We will take you home. And everything that you have
  experienced tonight will be nothing more than a dream. We will not force you.
  The final decision will be yours to make." Regina's looks at the collars. "One
  more thing...", Helena starts again, "...if you accept and later want to leave,
  you'll be free to go. You control the limits of your servitude. Where we set
  the pace. Understand?"  
At this point, Regina was stunned. "You mean I have a choice?!", she exclaimed.  
"Yes.", The Masked Lady stated, "From the first time that I saw you, I have
  always loved you. This Lifestyle is built on trust." Regina thought that she
  recognized the voice. The Masked Lady slowly removed the mask to reveal who
  she really was. "Where you go, at this point, is up to you."  
Regina's jaw dropped as the woman behind the mask was revealed to be... Maria.
  Her best friend. "Oh My God!", said Regina, as she fell against the wall behind
  her. "I've know you for years! Why did you keep this a secret from me?!", she
  yelled.  
Maria walked over to Regina and, with tears running from her eyes, she says, "I
  was afraid of what you would say. I needed to know if you could be the type
  that would be into this Lifestyle. I needed to save money to support both of
  us if it actually happened." Regina listened to what Maria had just said and
  replayed the events of the evening. It had started to sink in. It all started
  to make sense. "I can move you in, if you say yes. You'll have nothing to want
  for. I will always love you. Protect you. And provide for you...", she pauses
  for a moment. "...IF you will allow me to.", she continues.  
Regina slid down the wall and sat at the floor with her knees to her chest
  and her arms around her legs. "O.K., let me get this straight...", Regina begins
  to say, "For the last couple of years, you have been saving up all of your
  money, studying all of the things in my Life, and keeping ALL of this from
  me in the hopes of me being your 'sex toy'?!"  
Maria knelt down before Regina. "No! To be my lover in Life.", she said.
  Maria holds up a Ying Yang symbol, which is connected to a silver chain around
  her neck. The black half was going over the white half clockwise. "Do you see
  this?", Maria asks. "Different but united. Dark and Light. Dominant and submissive.
  Mistress and slave." She then looks over to Helena. "Hand me the folder, please."  
Helena walks over to the table and retrieves a manila folder and delivers
  it to Maria. "Here you go.", says Helena and walks away.  
Regina watches silently as Maria opens the folder and presents a document.
  It looks like a contract. "This is an agreement stating that what is mine is
  yours and what is yours is mine. It is a palimony agreement." Tears started
  to swell up in her eyes. "I drew up these papers six months ago.", Maria continues
  as she wipes the tears from her eyes.  
 
"You did ALL of this just to have me?!", asked Regina astonished. Tears started
to flow down her cheeks.   
"Yes! Oh, God, Yes!", Maria exclaimed. "All of this. And my heart and soul
  and my whole Life. I kneel here before you. Open and undefended. Let me take
  care of you forever. And I will always be faithful and true from here on in."  
"If I do this, you'll never hurt me. You'll never abuse me?", Regina asks.  
Maria smiles. "Emotionally, never. Physically... well, only in a session
  and to the limits that you set. If you want to stop a session, just say 'olive'
  and we'll stop the session completely. You control the sessions and the intensity.
  I will give you only what you deserve."  
"If I take the 'Sub' collar, I can leave anytime that I feel like and still
  live here with you and keep my own job and you will provide for me." As she
  holds up the palimony, she asks, "So, what happens if I leave later?"  
Maria points to a paragraph and says, "If this union is dissolved, what is
  yours stays yours and what is mine stays mine. Joint property is slip fifty-fifty."  
"What if my family asks where I am?", Regina suddenly realized.  
"Give them this phone number and address. They can visit. If they ask, tell
  them that you moved in with a friend and are sharing the mortgage to get better
  credit. It's better than renting. Remember, you'll own half the house. My gift
  to you.", Maria informs.  
Regina thinks for a moment. "Where's the pen?", she asks with joy she has
  never felt before.  
And an enormous smile on her face.  
As soon as Regina signs the document, she kneels before Maria and says humbly, "Mistress,
  I humbly accept your collar as your 'Sub' and will stay with you as long as
  you wish." And she kneels forward and kisses Maria's right boot.  
Maria helps Regina to her feet and embraces her.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ande Diqiu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





