BDSM Library - Satan's Cellar




Satan's Cellar
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Judy reads about the nearby sex club on an Internet site and although she is under eighteen she manages to persuade them to allow her to train as a slave. Michael, an electrician is employed to re-wire the cellar and decides he wishes to become a master but for a year he must first experience life as a slave.Satan's Cellar   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF NC  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Chapter 1. Judy   
'&hellip; and I walked painfully home with my poor bottom on fire just like
  it was after my initiation into Satan's Cellar in Dinton a year ago.' Judy
  read that line over and over. It was almost a throwaway line in the story she'd
  downloaded from an adult site, describing the plight of a woman submitting
  herself to the domination of a strict master. The word that caught Judy's attention
  was 'Dinton'. Dinton, the neighbouring town where she was going to attend the
  sixth form college next term.  
Judy enjoyed stories where the heroine was frequently punished and forced
  to sexually submit to men and women in the most outrageous ways. The fingers
  of her left hand, now slimy and coated with juice, furiously masturbated her
  cunt while her still clean right hand repeatedly hit the 'page down' key. Reading
  the story for a second time she pondered, &quot;Is Satan's Cellar a real place
  or just a figment of the author's imagination? Is it real or is it fiction?&quot; First
  she checked to see if the date on the BDSM Library heading was current. It
  was. &quot;Maybe it's in the phone book.&quot; It wasn't. &quot;Try Dinton's
  Tourist Information Centre Site.&quot; Nothing. A Google search on &quot;Satan's
  Cellar&quot; and &quot;Dinton&quot; only came up with the story she already
  had. These negative results only made Judy more determined to find an answer. &quot;It's
  probably a fictional place but it's odd the author chose a small town like
  Dinton. From a few other clues within the story Judy guessed he or she must
  live locally. Probably a she from her pseudonym, 'timidpeahen' and from the
  way the story was written.&quot;  
For a while she studied the header information and debated whether or not
  to email timidpeahen. At sixteen years old, she knew she shouldn't have accessed
  the site but knowing her way around computers she had long ago thwarted the
  Net Nanny programme her mother thought was installed. Neither of her parents
  were around much these days and even if they were, they were not computer literate
  and would have to come right into her room before they could see the screen.
  After much hesitation, she decided to email the author using her web email
  account in the name of Obfus-Kate.  
&gt;Dear timidpeahen   
I very much enjoyed your story, Satan's Cellar and as I live close
      to Dinton, I wondered if Satan's Cellar was a real place and if it is,
      where I might find it. I would love to experience some of the things you
      did and had done to you.   
Obfus-Kate&gt;   
Next morning she had a reply.  
&gt;Dear Obfus-Kate    
Yes, the place is real but it is a private club whose members are
      necessarily quite wealthy or who are sponsored by a member. Sorry, for
      security reasons I cannot give you the location at this time. How much
      experience do you already have?   
timidpeahen&gt;   
Over the course of several more emails Judy explained that she had no experience
  of sex or of being beaten except when she had tried self-flagellation with
  a belt and with a whip she'd made from bootlaces. &quot;It wasn't very successful,&quot; she
  told timidpeahen, &quot;Partly because I couldn't swing either the belt or
  the whip very well and partly because I wasn't tied down and helpless. I was
  also able to stop at any time and there was only my finger for sex afterwards.
  I did once force myself to hit my cunt twenty times with the whip, which made
  it very sore for a couple of days even though I didn't hit very hard.&quot; When
  asked to describe herself, Judy replied, &quot;I am a large girl, 5' 10&quot; tall,
  large framed and rather plump and I'm quite well endowed in the boob department.
  The main problem is that I'm very shy and spend most of my spare time on this
  computer looking at sex sites particularly those with a BDSM content. I don't
  seem to be able to hold a conversation with boys but am better when anonymous
  on email.&quot; She lied and said she was eighteen years old.  
&gt;Hi O-Kate   
I would like to meet you. Would Saturday in Denton Park by the
      bandstand at 10.30 be okay? I will wear a red jacket with a light yellow
      skirt. That should be distinctive enough. You can call me Carol.   
Timidpeahen&gt;   
For mid-June the weather was cool with showers off and on. Judy arrived at
  the park on time and shortly afterwards saw the petit Carol walking along the
  path towards her. For a few moments she just stood there, ready to turn on
  her heels and walk away and probably would have if Carol had not called out, &quot;Kate?&quot; Judy
  looked around, but no one else turned their heads. &quot;Kate,&quot; Carol
  called again. There was no escape now. Carol gave her a hug. &quot;I guessed
  it was you from your description and the way you looked startled and frightened
  when I called,&quot; Carol went on, &quot;Look, its not a very nice day to
  sit and talk outside, let's go to Molly's Tea Room and grab a coffee. We can
  talk there.&quot;  
For a while they talked of inconsequential things, just getting to know each
  other but soon their conversation was interrupted by an influx of customers
  two of whom were girls she knew from school. &quot;Hi Judy, may we join you?&quot; Emma
  asked, &quot;Haven't seen you in here before. Who's your friend?&quot; Blushing,
  Judy introduced Carol as a penfriend she'd just met, which wasn't far from
  the truth.&quot; They talked for a few moments, or at least the two girls and
  Carol did. Judy retreated into her shell and kept quiet.  
Sizing up the situation, Carol stood and said, &quot;We'd better get some
  shopping done before the morning goes altogether.&quot; When they were outside,
  Carol spoke quietly, &quot;So Judy's your real name, well Judy you have a choice,
  get on the bus and go back home or come to my place and be punished for lying
  to me. I only live ten minutes walk away. Come with me and we'll explore your
  desires in a practical way or leave for the bus. It's up to you. I know you'll
  be taking a risk but that's part of the excitement surely? I promise you though,
  there will only be the two of us there and you won't be badly hurt.&quot; Carol
  walked away. For some minutes Judy stood watching the red coated figure make
  her way through the crowded street and then took off after her.  
&quot;Come in,&quot; Carol invited the girl and when safely inside ordered, &quot;Go
  into my bedroom and take off all your clothes. Everything. Then come into the
  lounge and be prepared for a hard spanking.&quot; Judy hesitated. &quot;Do
  it and get a move on!&quot; Carol snapped, &quot;Otherwise it will be more
  than a spanking you'll be getting.&quot;  
Shaking a little Judy did as she was told. &quot;I guess this is where I
  find out if I really want this slave thing,&quot; she said to herself as she
  undressed, &quot;It will be my first real hiding. Will I be able to take it?
  I know she won't like my big fat body when she sees it.&quot; Shyly covering
  her breasts with her arms and keeping her legs as close together as possible,
  Judy entered the lounge.  
&quot;Hands behind your head,&quot; Carol ordered, &quot;I want a good look
  at you. A look and a feel.&quot; She was a little over awed by the girl's physical
  size when compared to her own much smaller body. &quot;It will be okay as long
  as I keep in control,&quot; Carol told herself. Judy started to shake a little
  when felt Carol's arms around her neck and the older woman stretched up and
  kissed her. A long sensuous kiss. One like she imagined her male lover might
  kiss her. &quot;Keep your hands where they are and kiss back,&quot; Carol whispered.
  Judy did and when she felt Carol's tongue trying to gain and entrance she opened
  her mouth and allowed it to enter. Never before had she felt the thrill of
  kisses like this and was disappointed when Carol pulled away without any comment.  
Moments later Judy's boobs received Carols attention. &quot;You said you
  were well endowed, Judy and I can see what you mean. The men will love them
  and so do I.&quot; Carol suckled and massaged first one tit and then the other
  until Judy could feel wetness between her legs and was murmuring and giving
  little cries of delight. &quot;Did you ever try whipping your tits like you
  did your cunt Judy?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, but not hard and it isn't easy to do more that flick the whip.
  Even that hurt quite badly. I don't know how the women in the stories could
  stand it.&quot;  
&quot;They do, Judy, they do, especially when they are helpless and cannot
  do otherwise. I speak from personal experience, Judy. It does hurt like hell
  but it often gets me horny too so there are compensations. Breasts the size
  of yours will attract the cane like a magnet whereas my smaller ones are more
  often whipped just for punishment and not for the pleasure of seeing them bounce
  around. Think about that Judy if you really think about joining the club.&quot;  
Slowly Carol's lips worked their way down Judy's body and between her legs. &quot;This
  bird's nest will have to go too, Judy. Either you'll have to keep shaving,
  which is a pain or you'll have to have electrolysis. It is rare for the masters
  and mistresses to like a hair-covered cunt. Some don't mind if there is a small
  decorative patch but not this amount. I'll do it for you later if you like.&quot; Carol's
  fingers and tongue probed the younger girl's vagina and quickly brought her
  to a climax.  
&quot;Well you certainly seemed to enjoy that my girl. You certainly seem
  to have plenty of sex drive in that body of yours,&quot; Carol commented. Judy
  blushed. &quot;Now it's my turn. Come.&quot; Carol led her back into the bedroom
  and unashamedly undressed in front of Judy. She then lay spread-eagled on the
  bed. &quot;Do unto me as I did unto you,&quot; Carol laughed misquoting some
  passage from the scriptures. Still feeling very exited and sexually stimulated,
  Judy took her time exploring her new friend's much smaller body. The fine red
  lines that decorated her arse, the front of her thighs and her breasts, particularly
  intrigued her. They were obviously not too recent but they must have been painful
  when they were administered. She asked about them.  
&quot;They marked the end of my year of being a slave. I can now be a master
  if I wish or I can continue as a sub,&quot; Carol explained. &quot;Now though
  it is time for me to punish you for lying to me.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry Carol. I didn't want to reveal my real name on a first visit
  and obfuscate means to blur or hide so I guessed you would know&hellip;.&quot;  
&quot;That wasn't what I was talking about Judy. You're right, I guessed
  Kate was a false name. I wasn't worried about that. What is much more serious
  and what could have got me into a lot of trouble was the fact that you lied
  about your age. You are not eighteen, you're only sixteen or at most just seventeen
  like those schoolgirls in Molly's. How old are you really Judy?&quot;  
&quot;Sixteen,&quot; she whispered, &quot;I'm sorry. I thought I could look
  like eighteen and I knew I should not have accessed the site.&quot;  
&quot;You know you cannot join Satan's Cellar until you are eighteen except
  if your parents sign a consent form. Both parents. Even then you will have
  to start as a trainee and then do full slave training when you're eighteen,
  if someone sponsors you.&quot;  
&quot;They'll never do that,&quot; Judy began to weep, &quot;They'd never
  agree.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't say they would have to agree, I said they had to sign a consent
  form. Not quite the same thing Judy.&quot; She gave a mischievous grin and
  Judy caught her train of thought  
&quot;Maybe I could get them to do that,&quot; Judy thought out loud. &quot;They
  often have to sign school forms for me and rarely do they read the forms first.&quot;  
&quot;You deserve a spanking for that as well,&quot; Carol laughed, &quot;Will
  your parents expect you home anytime soon?&quot;  
&quot;I left a note to say I would be gone all day, and would be looking
  for somewhere to stay while I attend college. If they are in, they will probably
  expect me home at teatime. I can leave a message on the answerphone if I am
  going to be later than that. My last bus leaves at 6:45 though.&quot;  
&quot;I think I can solve two of your problems at one go then. I can drive
  you home and I can offer you a room at a nominal rent provided I have access
  to your body at weekends or when you are free of college work. Does that appeal
  to you?&quot;  
&quot;That sounds great Carol, really great. Thanks you.&quot;  
&quot;First though, there is the little matter of your spanking and here
  I must warn you that I can be very cruel when I get a helpless girl or boy
  to thrash. I shan't spare your arse Judy. It will be tender for several days.
  You said you couldn't do what you wanted to yourself, now you can find out
  what it is really like to feel the strap bite into your soft flesh. You will
  be fastened down so you can do nothing to stop me once I start. &quot;It's
  your choice now. Lie face down on the bed or get dressed and catch the bus.&quot;  
Judy didn't hesitate. This was what she had dreamed of. She had a vague idea
  how much it would hurt and this would be a chance for her to find out. &quot;May
  I use the loo first?&quot; was all she said.  
&quot;Whap!&quot; The leather paddle hit Judy's arse with considerable force.
  Her body bucked under the impact but the bindings held her in position. She
  expected pain, but not this bad but she tried not to cry out. In any case the
  gag muffled her cries. &quot;Whap!&quot; the paddle descended again, and then
  again. Carol laughed at her discomfiture. &quot;I'm only just starting Judy.
  Plenty more to come and just think how lucky you are that this is not a cane
  or a whip.&quot; Still taunting her victim, Carol kept the paddle striking
  the reddening buttocks. At first Judy felt nothing but the hell of pain but
  slowly a warm feeling flowed into her vaginal area, her cunt flowed with wetness
  and she climaxed.  
Shortly after Carol released her. Tears flowed down Judy's face as she massaged
  her sore bum but she didn't complain of her treatment. Her climax was one of
  the best she ever experienced. Now though the soreness was coming to the fore. &quot;You
  took that very well and orgasmed, I didn't expect that my girl. Time we had
  a shower and some lunch,&quot; Carol said.  
Chapter 2. Michael   
&quot;Michael Sullivan? Amanda Goodman. You did some electrical work for
  a friend of mine, Mrs. Farquarson and she recommended you.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I remember the lady, I rewired the whole of her house.&quot;  
&quot;Would you be interested in doing a considerable amount of electrical
  installation work for me? The thing is though, you would have to be extremely
  discreet and not breathe a word of what you are asked to do&hellip;No it's
  nothing illegal but some of the things you'll see and do will be, shall we
  say, unusual?&quot;  
&quot;Unusual, in what way Ms. Goodman?&quot;  
&quot;It's work in a sex club. Does that put you off?&quot;  
&quot;Not necessarily provided the money's okay and I don't have to get involved
  with drugs and underage stuff.&quot;  
&quot;No you don't have to get involved in any of the activities Michael,
  we just want you to install special lighting and hoists and arrange the power
  supplies to other equipment. There's three-phase electricity already there
  but it will need updating to conform to the new regulations. Can we meet and
  discus it? That is if you think you might want the job. You can charge your
  usual rate and we'll pay a premium for your secrecy.&quot;  
&quot;This used to be a small private printing firm,&quot; Amanda explained
  when they met, &quot;This was the basement where they did the typesetting,
  guillotining and stored paper. The floor above is reinforced to take the weight
  of the presses. Those double doors lead to the yard. They'll still open but
  we now only use the daughter door unless anything large is to be brought in.&quot;  
But it wasn't the doors or the power supply arrangements that caught Michael's
  immediate attention. Rather it was a wooden St. Andrew's cross that stood against
  one wall with leather straps at various points. From this, together with other
  items in the basement, Michael quickly realised the nature of the sex club.
  His prick started to stiffen. &quot;Its like a dungeon Amanda,&quot; he remarked.  
You can call me Mandy, Michael. Yes, it is supposed to be a dungeon and will
  be even more realistic when we have it refurbished. One of the members is coming
  in to plaster and make the walls look like rock and up there,&quot; she pointed
  to places near the ceiling, &quot;Will be two false windows with bars. We'll
  need some very subdued light behind them to make it look like dim daylight
  is coming through.&quot; She went on to explain and showed him what else was
  required and spread the plans on a solid oak table that also had straps fastened
  at various points.  
&quot;Mandy?&quot; They had stopped for coffee, &quot;Can I ask you what
  actually goes on at these meetings? Do you really whip people? Torture them?
  Rape them?&quot;  
Mandy laughed. &quot;Are you afraid that if your work isn't up to scratch,
  we'll strap you to that cross and whip you? No we won't do that, but yes, we
  do whip, cane and strap people but they come here willingly and submit to it.
  We don't rape them because they are willing, but we do screw them in every
  orifice. The punishments are painful, even very painful but no permanent damage
  is done.&quot;  
&quot;I've often fantasised that I was a whipmaster on a plantation, or the
  sheikh with a harem or a Gestapo officer interrogating Jewish women prisoners
  and forcing them to submit to my desires. It sounds as if here you make those
  kind of fantasises come true.&quot; Mandy noticed Michael's eyes were looking
  vacant and his prick was tenting his overalls.  
&quot;If you are thinking about joining, you may need to think again, Michael.
  You either need to be rich or you need a sponsor. Not only that, you have to
  serve for at least one year as a submissive slave. A kind of apprenticeship.
  During that time you will be assigned to a master for six months and then spend
  six months with a mistress or vice versa. They will allow you to go about your
  daily business but will demand your services whenever you are free and will
  punish you if those services are not up to scratch. You will be brought to
  at least ten of the monthly meetings here and at those meetings you will be
  at the mercy of all members. Members can only be masters if they know what
  it feels like to be a sub. It's not something that suits most people and there
  is a very real difference between fantasy pain and the feel of a whip on your
  skin. Now let's get back to work. Think about what it would really be like
  to be caned, and caned hard and if you still feel you would like to join us,
  give me a ring and come and see me at the weekend and ask for a sample. I have
  a flat upstairs.&quot;  
Michael did think long and hard. He'd met Mandy several times during the
  week on business and liked her friendly personality but she never mentioned
  the weekend. He didn't either. Now it was Friday afternoon. Decision time.
  Weighing up his options Michael decided if he didn't at least try it, he would
  never get the chance again. &quot;She's a friendly woman so I guess she won't
  hit too hard and I may be able to get my cock into her as well,&quot; he thought. &quot;In
  any case I'm so much bigger than her, I should be able to overpower her if
  things get out of hand. He phoned when he got home.  
&quot;Come about six Michael, we can have dinner together and I can find
  a bit more about you afterwards you can decide if you wish to be my slave for
  the weekend,&quot; suggested Mandy. Michael hadn't expected to be with her
  more than one evening but thought the chances of screwing her would be an even
  higher. Little did he know that Mandy planned to seduce him as well as caning
  his arse. &quot;If we get him into the club, there is a better chance he will
  keep his mouth shut and it will be very useful to have him as a semi-permanent
  electrician,&quot; she suggested to Paul, the Grand Master of the club.  
Promptly at six, Mandy let him in. &quot;Nice place you have here,&quot; Michael
  remarked trying not to look too hard at the revealing way she was dressed, &quot;very
  spacious for a flat.&quot;  
&quot;This was the office end of the printers,&quot; Mandy explained, &quot;And
  the lounge we are in now was for the typing pool. When lead type was on the
  way out, girls typed all the text on to long rolls of paper and these were
  cut and pasted on to sheets for photographing and printing. But you aren't
  here to learn about the old printing techniques, you came to have your bottom
  warmed and you hope to get your cock in me. Right?&quot; Michael could only
  nod; his eyes were glued to Mandy's breasts as she bent to kiss his forehead. &quot;Dinner
  and talk first, then we'll get down to the real business unless you decide
  to walk out of the door.&quot;  
Dinner over, they sat in comfortable chairs drinking coffee. &quot;So to
  summarise,&quot; Mandy gave an infectious smile, &quot;You are twenty-one,
  single, live alone, have your own business and try to work from 7 a.m. and
  finish at 4 p.m. to allow you to prepare a meal. After tea you often have office
  work, ordering supplies and booking keeping. You've had a number of girl friends,
  one who lived with you for three months and you've had casual sex with several
  women who you have done work for. None of them really allowed you to dominate
  them and you've not had any homosexual experiences. That about right?&quot;  
&quot;You seem to have me summed up, Mandy.&quot; Michael grinned.  
&quot;The correct reply should have been 'Yes, ma'am'. Dinner's over,&quot; Mandy
  snapped. &quot;Now is your last chance to leave. If you stay, you are here
  until four o'clock on Sunday afternoon.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry ma'am,&quot; Michael decided to play her game, &quot;I will stay
  ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Then get those clothes off, I wish to see the hidden parts of my new
  slave.&quot; Mandy's voice was sharp and brusque. Willingly Michael undressed
  and dropped his garments on the floor. &quot;Fold them,&quot; Mandy ordered, &quot;And
  put them on the chair over in the corner. You won't need them for a couple
  of days.&quot; When he was once again standing before her hands behind his
  neck, Mandy hooked her right index finger under his half-hard prick and gently
  lifted it as though testing its weight. &quot;Not too bad,&quot; she commented, &quot;Reasonable
  length and thickness.&quot; Michael wisely refrained from saying, &quot;No
  girl has complained so far.&quot;  
&quot;Turn round, bend right over and spread your legs wide, slave boy.&quot; Mandy
  probed his arsehole. &quot;Very tight,&quot; she noted, &quot;But we can soon
  open it up. All the masters will wish to use it, some more than others. And
  we'll also have to remove all this hair from around it and from around your
  prick as well. You will need to be a bald as I am there and your hole just
  as open.&quot; She bent down and lifted her skirt. As Michael had suspected
  from glimpses during dinner, Mandy wore nothing underneath. His prick became
  fully erect as he gazed at her bare cunt and, when she pulled her bum cheeks
  apart, he saw how open her arsehole was. He longed the thrust his prick into
  her but knew he wouldn't be allowed to do that without permission. &quot;My
  hair has been permanently removed, but for this weekend I'll only shave you,&quot; Mandy
  said. &quot;Stand up straight again,&quot; she ordered and opened a drawer
  in the sideboard. &quot;You know what these are of course?&quot; She showed
  him the items she'd taken out.  
&quot;Cuffs and a collar.&quot;  
&quot;Cuffs and a collar MA'AM! Don't forget how to address me otherwise
  you forgetfulness could prove painful. That was your last warning slave boy.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry ma'am. I'll try and remember.&quot; Michael began to wonder if
  he had gotten himself in deeper than he'd wanted but the sight of her cunt
  had kept him fully hard and he thought that it might not be too long before
  he was able to screw her.  
&quot;You're right, cuffs, a collar and also a body belt. All slaves wear
  them.&quot; Mandy fitted them on and linked the ankles with a short length
  of chain. The wrist cuffs she connected to the back of the collar. &quot;That
  is how you will be restrained when not working. We have many other devices
  that allow you some movement when required,&quot; explained Mandy. &quot;Now
  because you have made me horny, you will use that tongue of yours to bring
  me to a climax. Be warned though, if you have an emission, I will cane your
  prick and if you don't do a good job with your tongue you will feel this quirt
  across your arse.&quot;  
Michael now realised how helpless he was. He might be bigger and stronger
  than the woman but he could only walk with short steps and did not have the
  use of his hands or arms. Hesitating a moment too long Mandy swung the quirt.
  The thongs curled around and stung his back. He almost cried out but instead
  sunk to his knees and crawled to where Mandy now sat. He'd never been a great
  lover of cunt lapping but he knew he would now become very familiar with the
  technique. Mandy lifted her skirt for a moment and Michael again saw the lovely
  lips of her hairless cunt. He pushed his face towards it before Mandy dropped
  the skirt over his head. Tentatively he pushed out his tongue.  
&quot;Swish!&quot; &quot;Splat&quot; This time the thongs spread lengthways
  along his arse and some of the ends curled into the crease and caught his tender
  brown hole. &quot;Aaaagrhh!&quot; Her thighs muffled his cry.  
&quot;Get on with it slave boy! Get your tongue right in. Suck my clit. I
  need to cum!&quot; Mandy emphasised her words with another stroke of the quirt.  
Had he been able to use his hands to hold her, had he been able to see what
  he was doing, Michael might have performed better. Instead he received eight
  painful strokes before he found the right places to lick and suck and finally
  gave Mandy the climax she sort. Lifting her skirt again, she told him to stand
  and was furious to see Michael's wilting cock and his semen in her lamb's wool
  rug.  
&quot;What did I say to you?&quot; She raged, &quot;I warned you what I would
  do, didn't I?&quot; Dragging him by the hair to a small footstool, she made
  him kneel with his prick on top of it, then with a piece of rope she tied his
  ankle chain to his neck collar, forcing his head back. Michael started to plead
  but she silenced him with a gag. &quot;Stay there,&quot; she commanded. &quot;Normally
  you would be made to lick up your mess but as it's my precious white rug, I
  shall have to clean it with soapy water.&quot; Ten minutes later she returned
  to Michael. &quot;You haven't made a very good start to your weekend have you
  boy? And we haven't even started to give you a proper caning yet. Pity you
  couldn't control yourself better, I was hoping to have that prick of yours
  inside me tonight but I guess now it won't be in a fit state to do anything.&quot; Michael
  could only groan into the gag.  
Selecting a riding crop, Mandy used it to push the still sticky prick into
  position. &quot;A lot of masters like to do this to their slaves on a regular
  basis so perhaps it is a good thing you get to know right from the beginning
  just what it feels like.&quot; She brought the tip of the crop down near the
  base of his cock. Although she didn't use much force the pain seemed incredible.
  Michael tried to plead with her but Mandy ignored his pitiful groans and continued
  to lash the offending piece of flesh on both sides until the last two strokes
  went across the head. For Michael the pain seemed almost too much to bear.
  He wanted his hands free, He wanted to touch his prick, he wanted to massage
  the soreness. He wanted to lash out and hit the woman who caused him so much
  suffering. He wanted to go home. None of these were options. She had him tied
  and helpless. He hadn't realised she could be such a bitch.  
She left him kneeling at the stool for some minutes before coming and speaking
  in a more friendly tone. She untied the rope, &quot;Sorry Michael, that was
  pretty painful I know but if you want to become a master, that is one of the
  things you will do to others and I didn't hit unduly hard. Come, we'd better
  get you to the bathroom in case you want to spurt piss as well as semen.&quot; The
  hard toilet seat soon reminded Michael that it was not only his prick that
  was sore. The lashes from the quirt had made his arse very tender too. When
  he'd performed in front of her Mandy gently massaged his prick with some salve
  which eased the pain a little. Had it not been so sore, Michael would have
  enjoyed it and soon had an erection. As it was it only stiffened a little.  
&quot;I'm going to remove your gag now Michael but if you start swearing
  at me or pleading for release, I will put it back again and it will stay there
  until morning. Understand?&quot; Michael nodded his agreement. &quot;Remember
  to keep quiet Michael or you jaw will be very sore and stiff if this ball stays
  in all night,&quot; Mandy warned again. &quot;Thank me when I take it out.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;I'm also going to give your hands a little more freedom. Don't abuse
  the privilege slave boy.&quot; There was a veiled threat in her words as she
  undid one wrist and put the cuff around his arm just above the elbow and fastened
  it to his body belt. When both arms were similarly fastened Michael found he
  had somewhat restricted use of his hands and forearm but could probably feed
  himself and do simple tasks. He decided his chances of overpowering Mandy while
  his ankles were still linked and without the full use of his arms were slim
  and it would be better to bide his time.  
&quot;Come slave boy, no touching your prick unless you want your hands sore
  as well,&quot; Mandy ordered and took him to the kitchen. &quot;Bring me a
  glass of wine into the lounge and then get to work and do the washing-up. Make
  sure you don't spill the wine on my rug either.&quot; Fortunately he didn't. &quot;Thank
  you Michael. Come back in here when you're done and kneel beside me.&quot;  
Half an hour later he shuffled into the lounge to the erotic sight of Mandy
  sitting skirtless with her legs over the arms of her chair reading. Her cunt
  was widely and obscenely displayed. Michael rightly guessed she'd want another
  tongue job. Fortunately the quirt was nowhere to be seen. &quot;Get to it slave
  boy,&quot; Mandy ordered, &quot;A gentle one this time.&quot; Fifteen minutes
  later when she'd climaxed she pushed him away. &quot;Get me another glass of
  wine please, Michael and there's a beer in the fridge if you would like one.
  Relax for a hour until it is time for your introduction to the cane and the
  butt plug.&quot; The thought of being caned was far from relaxing for Michael.
  He picked up a woman's magazine from the table and started to read but it held
  little of interest for him and after a short while he put it back and sat watching
  Mandy. She was still bare from the waist down but now sat in a more conventional
  way. His prick was still very sore but the sight and smell of her sex when
  he tongued it and the sight of her now caused him it to harden a little but
  he knew he daren't touch it. He'd already seen how she could instantly change
  from being nice and calling him Michael to being a really cruel bitch to her
  new slave boy.  
&quot;Looks like there's some life coming back to it Michael,&quot; Mandy
  commented peering at him over the top of her book, &quot;Maybe I will get to
  feel it inside me before the night is out.&quot;  
&quot;I'm not sure ma'am. It maybe too sore to harden properly,&quot; responded
  Michael, &quot;It's throbbing badly now.&quot;  
They chatted about inconsequential things until Mandy stood, &quot;It's time
  slave boy. Go and piss and then come into the bedroom. Sit on the loo so you
  don't handle your prick.&quot; On his return she ordered him to lie face down
  on the bed while she fastened his ankle chain to the footboard. There was no
  need to tie his wrists because his elbows were still cuffed to the body belt.
  Mandy sat on the bed alongside him. &quot;Michael, when you are initiated,
  that is if you decide to go ahead and join us after I've finished with you
  this weekend, you will be caned by two mistresses chosen at random, Usually
  somewhere between a dozen and twenty strokes on your buttocks and back. Afterwards
  five or six masters will bugger you and some of the mistresses will wish to
  put your prick through its paces. Tonight I'm just going to give you the dozen
  on your arse and&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Ma'am I'm already sore from the quirt and&hellip;&quot; Michael tried
  to plead.  
&quot;Stop whining slave boy unless you are asking for the ball to go back
  in your mouth. And don't dare interrupt me again when I am telling you what
  is going to happen. No amount of pleading is going to alter anything except
  to make me angry and get you more punishment. As I was saying, I am giving
  your arse a dozen strokes of the cane and afterwards fit you with a butt plug.
  I could just as easily use full-size dildo and give it a good work out if I'm
  angered. You can scream if you wish although I hope you will try and keep it
  under control, but no swearing, pleading or abuse. Understand slave boy?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am. Please ma'am don't be too hard on me, I've never&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;That's fourteen strokes,&quot; Mandy snapped, &quot;Do you wish to
  go for a score or more?&quot;  
Knowing he had no choice and shaking slightly with fear, Michael quietly
  said, &quot;No ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;When I've finished, I will do what I can to ease the pain and to comfort
  you. Just how much pain relief and comfort may well depend on the fortitude
  you show during the caning. Lie still while I fetch the cane.&quot;  
The next quarter of an hour was shear hell for him. Mandy laid the cane on
  slowly and mercilessly. Eleven welts decorated his arse and three across his
  shoulders. At first he'd tried to take it without yelling but after the third
  stroke that resolution went out of the window. After every stroke Mandy gave
  him just enough time to absorb the pain before applying the next. Before she'd
  finished he was a sobbing wreck. He was sure now he'd made a terrible mistake
  in coming here this weekend and wanting to join the club.  
&quot;This is the butt plug slave boy. Have you seen one before?&quot; Mandy's
  voice came through to his fuddled brain.  
Michael shook his head. &quot;Only pictures in books ma'am,&quot; he stuttered
  through his crying. He watched as she lubricated it with Vaseline.  
&quot;Up on your knees now boy, arse will in the air so I can get at the
  hole.&quot; When he'd struggled into the position she desired Mandy firmly
  eased it in place. &quot;Relax boy otherwise it will hurt.&quot; It felt uncomfortable
  but now it was in place it didn't hurt unduly. It was nothing compared to the
  fire the cane caused. Mandy gave him two Ibuprofen tablets, put cream on his
  stripes and helped him into bed. The pain eased slightly. Mandy removed her
  blouse and crawled into bed and held him close to her body. &quot;Unless you
  do something stupid in the next couple of days Michael, that's the worst over,&quot; she
  whispered.  
Chapter 3. Judy's initiation   
Naked, Judy lay on the black, satin covered 'altar', with her arms stretched
  sideways, her wrists tied to rings at the altar sides. A belt straddled her
  stomach just below her navel, fastening her down near the end of the altar
  with her buttocks overhanging the end. They had wanted to pull her legs back
  to her head but her physical size made that impossible. She wasn't a lithe
  gymnast. Instead they opted to pull her legs wide apart and upwards using ropes
  to the ceiling in order to fully display her open cunt and arsehole. In that
  position a man could stand between her legs and fuck either of her holes. Two
  pillows lifted her head so she could see between her breasts and watch whenever
  she was penetrated. So far none had done so but she knew it was only a matter
  of time. &quot;Is this the way I really wanted to have my virginities taken?&quot; she
  mused, &quot;To be gang raped like in the stories? Would it have been nicer
  to have them taken by a loving boyfriend? Perhaps one I would meet in college.
  Too late now. It's out of my hands. I don't have that decision to make any
  more. I can't even beg to be released.&quot;  
As each master and mistress arrived they went to the altar and kissed her
  between the legs and on each breast. Kissed perhaps isn't the right word for
  the lingering sucking and licking they called a kiss. It was an act of homage.
  Rarely did they have a virgin to sacrifice. Now though she was left on display
  while the masters in their revealing 'devil' costumes and the provocatively
  dressed mistresses sipped drinks and conversed with each other, whilst waiting
  for the entertainment to start. Most held a leash attached to the collar of
  a naked or near naked slave that they delighted in showing off to other guests.  
As with some trepidation she watched the guests as they circulated she mused, &quot;I
  don't know who is going to do it, or how many will follow afterwards. All I
  know is that they are certified medically clean and I've been on the pill for
  long enough for it to be effective. Carol has stretched my bottom hole with
  a butt plug and given me several enemas so I hope I can take a man's prick
  up there without too many problems.&quot; Her mind ran over the events that
  had occurred in the five weeks since she'd first met Carol Brightman.  
Getting the forms signed by her parents had been no problem. Other forms
  requiring their signatures had arrived from the college and Judy put them all
  on a clipboard and lifted the bottom half of the pages and indicated where
  to sign. Two weeks after her first meeting in Dinton with Carol she moved in
  with her. She had her own bedroom/study which was larger than the one at home,
  her own toilet with a washbasin and mirror but had to share Carol's shower
  room. Weekdays, when Carol left for work at 10:00 a.m. and didn't arrive home
  until 7:00 p.m., she cooked her own meals but at weekends they cooked and ate
  together. Sometimes they slept in the same bed but this wasn't always satisfactory
  because Judy's bulk required too much bed space so after a lovemaking session,
  she returned to her own room. Carol instigated an exercise programme for her
  mainly using an exercise bicycle and some other simple equipment she had. &quot;It's
  not that I want you to lose a lot of weight Judy,&quot; Carol told her, &quot;Many
  men and women like a girl that is on the plump side, but we need to tone up
  your muscles a bit.&quot; In the three weeks Judy had been on the programme
  she'd lost about 4 lbs. in weight and could ride the bike further without getting
  out of breath. In some ways Carol worried over this. She liked the firmer body
  of her charge but wondered what would happen if Judy decided to rebel against
  her. So far she had been completely submissive.  
Several masters and mistresses had visited during her stay, which at first
  she'd found very embarrassing. Carol always undressed her before presenting
  her to them and they minutely examined and toyed with her body. Grand Master
  Paul was the first and he set the pattern for the others. After sucking her
  tits and fingering her cunt and arse, he sat down and ordered Judy to kneel
  between his legs and suck his cock. Never having seen a man's prick in the
  flesh before and uncertain as to what she should do, Judy baulked until Carol
  laid the strap several times across her back. When she was sucking to his satisfaction,
  Paul and Carol discussed her as though she wasn't there. They agreed to leave
  her virginity intact until the next full meeting and have her ritually deflowered
  in front of everyone. Paul also suggested the use of the butt plugs. &quot;Keep
  them a little smaller than a good prick size so she feels whoever takes her
  in that hole for the first time,&quot; he said. Soon after Paul came in her
  mouth but didn't allow her to pull away, &quot;Just leave it there slave girl
  until it starts to harden again and then start sucking.&quot; Carol was angry
  when he left and tied her to the bed and gave her arse twenty hard strokes
  with a strap. &quot;Don't you ever humiliate me like that again in front of
  a master, Judy, and certainly not the Grand Master. When you are given an order&hellip;you&hellip;do
  it&hellip;No&hellip;hesitating&hellip;no refusing.&quot; Carol punctuated the
  words by lashing the leather down on Judy's unprotected flesh, totally ignoring
  her pleas to stop.  
&quot;KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!&quot; The heel of the master's trident pounded
  the hollow floor of the dais. &quot;Masters and mistresses,&quot; Grand Master
  Paul's voice brought her back to the present. He stood on a raised platform
  dressed in a red leather 'devil' costume. An open-fronted horned hood covered
  his head and below this he wore a red leather shirt which Judy thought more
  suitable for a woman because of the circular openings that showed his nipples.
  His three-quarter length trousers, 'pedal pushers' Judy called them, were open
  at the front to display his semi-hard prick and open at the back with only
  a narrow strip connecting the waist to the crotch. &quot;Welcome to our entertainment
  evening,&quot; Paul went on when everyone had quietened. As you all know we
  have a very special event for you this time. However, before we get to that
  I would like you to welcome a new slave to our midst. Mistress Amanda would
  you like to bring slave Michael to the platform and introduce him?&quot;  
After the ritual pleasantries, Mandy went on, &quot;Michael is an electrician
  and he came here to re-wire our cellar. You may have noticed the new lights
  he's already put in and the hoists. Ironically he may be destined to be the
  first one to use them. He really wanted to jump straight in and be a master
  but has agreed to do his servitude time even if he doesn't really enjoy it.&quot;  
&quot;Oh we'll make sure he doesn't,&quot; one of the guests called out to
  the laughter of others.  
Mandy stepped down and Carol was asked to introduce Judy. &quot;Masters and
  mistresses, some of you may be wondering how I came to have a trainee slave
  so soon after finishing my year, in fact it was pure chance. Judy contacted
  me after the naughty girl read one of my BDSM stories on the Internet. By our
  usual standards she is underage, being only sixteen but her parents signed
  the consent forms possibly to help overcome her shyness. You've all had a good
  look at Judy and have no doubt commented on the profusion of her blushes. She
  is extremely shy, more so when she first came to me than she is now. At home
  she'd tried to spank herself but since she's been with me, she has gained some
  satisfaction from receiving the real thing. So far though, I've restricted
  her chastisement to the strap. Tonight as part of her initiation, she must
  face being caned. For the next three years she has enrolled as a student at

  Dinton College to study computer graphics so we must allow her adequate time
  for her studies. I shall of course be checking her grades and warming her rear
  if they are not A grades.&quot;  
&quot;You didn't tell me that!&quot; Judy said to herself. &quot;I didn't
  know I was to be caned tonight nor that you would check on my college work.&quot; Had
  she not been gagged Judy would have tried to protest even though she knew it
  would be futile.  
&quot;As you all realise from her position,&quot; Carol went on, &quot;She
  is a virgin ready for deflowering in the manner prescribed by the rules of
  this club. By the time I take her home she will have experienced the pricks
  of more men than most women twice her age. College doesn't start for another
  three weeks so we needed worry too much about her having to sit down for a
  few days. Despite her size she seems very much a sub however, that may change
  when she gets the chance to be on wielding end of the cane. Thank you for your
  attention.&quot;  
As far as she was able with the restricted movement available to her, Judy
  looked around the room. Everyone was looking at her, She blushed deep red again
  much to everyone's amusement.  
&quot;Thank you Mistress Carol,&quot; the Grand Master continued, &quot;Now
  it's time for the entertainment to begin. Tonight it is in three parts. Being
  a very chivalrous person&hellip;&quot; There was muffled laughter from the
  assembled guests. &quot;I am putting the lady first. The usual introduction
  for a slave is twelve cuts with the cane but in view of the young age of this
  girl and the fact she cannot begin slave training proper for another two years,
  I am reducing the number to eight. Will those mistresses who would like to
  apply the cane please put your badges in the blue cauldron.&quot; He indicated
  a two-gallon size iron pot to his left. &quot;I'm giving the mistresses the
  chance to use the cane because the masters will be able to use their rods for
  other purposes.&quot; Again laughter. &quot;I shall personally take her maidenhood
  and Master Gregory will pierce her anally afterwards, again in view of her
  age, I am restricting the number of masters to enter her to eight. Masters
  may chose which hole they enter. Gentlemen, wishing to perform this service
  please put your badges in the red pot.&quot;  
While the guests were crowding around the two pots, Carol came and spoke
  quietly to Judy. &quot;Be brave girl. You are going to be very sore soon but
  this is why you wanted to join the club. The women with the canes will not
  spare you, especially as they have reduced the number of strokes and the men
  will fuck you hard for their enjoyment. Your pleasure doesn't come into it.
  Don't dare refuse to suck their cocks afterwards either whatever the state
  they are in or you will be in for a lot more pain. Be brave Judy, be brave.&quot; With
  that Carol gently kissed her.  
&quot;Mistress Nicole and Mistress Delilah,&quot; Paul announced when he'd
  drawn two badges from the blue cauldron. Both mistresses laughed with delight
  as they pinned their name badges back on and selected a cane each from a black
  velvet covered table.  
Judy watched helplessly as the two women approached swinging their canes
  menacingly. She could do nothing to save herself and with the gag in her mouth
  she could not even plead for mercy. &quot;Would you like to stripe her arse
  while I do her tits Nicole? They're better displayed than usual and there is
  plenty of flesh to decorate.&quot; Delilah squeezed and pushed the bound girl's
  tits around.  
&quot;Certainly Delilah, plenty of surface area here too.&quot; Judy watched
  and cried with fear as the guests stood in a large circle around her and waited
  for the caning to start. She hadn't expected a tit thrashing this early on
  in her initiation. Through her tears she could see some of the slaves kneeling
  with their heads buried in the crotches of their owners and wished she were
  one of them; insignificant, not the centre of attention. &quot;Shall I start
  Delilah?&quot; On receiving a nod she sent the cane hard and fast across and
  into Judy's bum. Had she been able, Judy would have screamed. Never before
  had she felt such searing pain and her face contorted with anguish. It reminded
  her of words in the story of Carol's that brought her here. 'and I walked painfully
  home with my poor bottom on fire just like it was after my initiation into
  Satan's Cellar in Dinton.' The onlookers signified their approval at the livid
  welt that appeared across the white flesh by clapping and cheering.  
Waiting about half a minute for the pain to sink in, Nicole raised her cane
  and held it high and waited for her victim to open her eyes again and register
  her fear. &quot;You've only got four so we're going to have to make sure each
  one is a painful as possible slave girl,&quot; she laughed as she brought the
  vicious stick crashing down across both breasts just above the aureoles. Judy's
  head swam. The pain was almost too much for her to bear. &quot;Is this what
  I really wanted?&quot; she thought. &quot;It's not like in my fantasy. God,
  I wish I could go home!&quot; But that was not an option. Delilah's cane struck
  again. Another deep welt appeared close to the first.  
For the next few minutes, Judy's body was alternately racked with fire across
  her arse and breasts. All the poor girl could do was watch the canes as they
  were swung to fiercely into her flesh and suffer the agonising pain. She could
  see the welts on her breasts. They were all within the brown area surrounding
  her nipples and two had touched the nipples themselves. Although she couldn't
  see her arse, she could feel the horrendous pain. Each time she tried to close
  her eyes and not watch the cane but every time it seemed to mesmerise her and
  she felt compelled to watch until she felt its impact. &quot;How am I going
  to withstand the raping by ten men after this?&quot; she thought but that was
  yet to come. The guests now closed in and felt the tender areas. Hands rubbed
  her tits, fingers poked into her vagina and rectum. The pain eased only slightly.  
&quot;Masters and Mistresses,&quot; Paul began, &quot;Please clear a space
  around our new acolyte so that those of us whose duty it is to initiate her
  into the ways of Satan's prick, have room to perform without hindrance.&quot; The
  group moved back a little. &quot;Mistress Carol please remove the gag and ensure
  your slave's cunt is ready for entry.&quot; Carol did as she was bid and for
  a short while Judy felt the pleasure of the familiar tongue laving her and
  getting her juices flowing. It didn't take away the pain but did give her a
  little pleasure. While he waited a woman in her thirties gently sucked Paul's
  cock to full hardness. Carol moved to one side and the woman aimed the prick
  at Judy's entrance. She gave a groan as she felt her sex lips part slightly. &quot;Followers
  of Satan witness you the loss of this woman's virtue and welcome her into the
  joys and pleasures that our Master can bring. Let her orifices be well filled
  with his seed.&quot; With those words he lunged forward and forced his prick
  deep into Judy's body. She cried out as his manhood tore away her maidenhead
  and his loins hit the welts but this was only greeted with cheers from the
  guests. Paul held his prick deep in her for a short while and let her tightness
  encompass it, then withdrew completely and showed his blood-stained weapon
  to everyone including Judy but she could not see it clearly through her tear
  filled eyes. He forced it in again and proceeded to ravish her hard and fast
  until he could no longer withhold his sperm. &quot;Trainee slave Judy, receive
  this gift of our pleasure within you. Let it be the first of many such gifts
  received in the service of our master, Satan.&quot; With these words Paul withdrew,
  knelt on the altar and lowered his cock towards Judy's mouth.  
&quot;Oh my God, what a mess,&quot; Judy muttered as she saw the prick coming
  towards her face. For a moment only she thought of keeping her mouth tightly
  shut but quickly remembering Carol's warning and what happened when she refused
  Paul's prick a few weeks ago she opened her lips and allowed a slave to guide
  it in.  
&quot;I think you had better suck mine now.&quot; The man knelt in the place
  Paul vacated. &quot;At least his cock is still clean,&quot; Judy noted. From
  his nametag Judy saw it was Master Gregory the master who was to violate her
  bottom hole. While she lathered his cock with saliva Carol was busy lubricating
  her hole with a lemon flavoured gel. She worked first one and then two fingers
  into the trainee's hole as she spread copious amounts of the gel.  
&quot;She should be ready for you now Master Gregory,&quot; Carol announced
  hoping Judy really was ready. &quot;She should be okay, Gregory's not very
  thick, not much thicker than the plug she's been used to but he's quite a lot
  longer,&quot; she said to herself as Gregory slid off the altar and positioned
  himself between her legs. His slave, an eighteen-year-old boy introduced to
  the club six months previously, pulled Judy's striped cheeks apart causing
  her to cry out with the pain but giving her violator better access to her brown
  hole. Gregory pushed the head of his prick against her opening; Judy tried
  to relax her muscles like Carol had trained her but with the pain she found
  it difficult. Before long though, her sphincter ring gave allowing the prick
  to slide passed and Gregory to insert himself to his full depth.  
&quot;Oh I do like a nice tight warm bum,&quot; he called out to the audience
  as he began ploughing to and fro into her rectum. It wasn't long before his
  spunk filled her bowels. The actual fucking hadn't caused her too much extra
  pain except when his body forcibly hit her welts. Afterwards when the prick
  was once again presented for cleaning, Judy was glad her mistress had cleaned
  her out so thoroughly before the meeting. There was only the taste of lemon
  flavoured sperm and not of shit she'd experienced when made to suck the butt
  plug.  
The next hour was exhausting for Judy. Five more men fucked her cunt and
  three her arse and two of the latter were much bigger than Gregory, which Judy
  found painful but by now she was beginning to get some pleasure and sexual
  satisfaction from it all. When the last master had finished with her mouth,
  Carol came to her. &quot;You are to remain here for a short while so the ladies
  can have a little play with you. Normally they would get a full hour but the
  altar is required for slave Michael's initiation,&quot; she said.  
&quot;I need to pee Carol, I need to pee bad,&quot; Judy pleaded.  
&quot;Don't you dare girl, not on these satin sheets. I'll take you as soon
  as I can.&quot;  
&quot;That's no problem Mistress Carol,&quot; Mistress Fran who was standing
  by, cut in, &quot;My slave will take care of that. Get your mouth over her
  opening slave boy. You know what to do.&quot; Judy saw a man in his late twenties
  kneel and seal his mouth over her little hole. &quot;Carry on girl. Piss. He'll
  drink all you can give him.&quot; Despite needing to go so badly, it took a
  little while before she get start her flow going but when it did, there was
  no holding back. The boy it seemed had been trained to allow the acrid stream
  to run straight down his throat. &quot;Clean her boy. I'm sure she won't want
  that spunk drying on her legs. Clean both her holes while you're at it,&quot; Fran
  ordered.  
By now other mistresses had started playing with her tender breasts, including
  Delilah who had punished them earlier. &quot;I wouldn't mind a loan of this
  one Carol. I could really make her tits wobble under the lash if I had her
  at home for a day or two.&quot; Judy hoped and prayed Carol wouldn't loan her
  to that woman.  
Chapter 4. Michael's initiation   
Michael arrived early and knocked on Amanda's door. &quot;Get undressed and
  your gear on as far as you are able. I hope you've bathed and had your enemas.&quot;  
&quot;Yes ma'am. Just before I came out.&quot;  
Ten minutes later, he sat nervously waiting, watching Mandy dress and wondering
  how he would stand up to the forthcoming initiation. While waiting he mused
  over the month or so since his first meeting with Amanda. He remembered that
  first night when she'd whipped him, beaten his cock and then caned his arse.
  And then when he'd been ready to forget the whole idea, she'd taken him into
  her bed and cuddled him against her naked body. He'd even fucked her when his
  sore cock finally managed to erect itself. Every weekend since he'd returned
  and while he'd been punished none were as bad as that first time. Always too
  he'd she'd allowed him to fuck her at least once, usually several times.  
On the second weekend Mandy introduced him to enemas and told him where to
  buy the equipment for his own use. &quot;Next weekend I expect one of the masters
  will come and wish to see your progress. So far you've only had the butt plug
  and a small dildo up there but I'm sure the master will introduce you to the
  real thing,&quot; Mandy informed him. Her expectations proved correct. On the
  Saturday afternoon, Mandy gave him three enemas in a row so he was thoroughly
  clean when Master Paul arrived. They went to the dungeon. Michael re-lived
  that evening,  
Paul examined him intimately and then spoke to Mandy. &quot;Fasten him over
  the horse and warm his arse a bit for me Mistress Amanda if you please.&quot; Then,
  when she picked up a leather paddle, he said, &quot;Use a quirt, I like the
  pattern of lines it produces. It will also let me see his resolve. He's had
  it before, I assume.&quot;  
&quot;Not to any great extent because I didn't want it to affect his work
  here. It is only his third weekend too but perhaps now is the time to move
  up a grade.&quot; Mandy picked up the quirt and swished it in the air a few
  times. &quot;Don't you dare let me down Michael. Scream but no abuse and no
  begging.&quot; She'd followed those words by giving his arse a lengthy and
  hard thrashing until Michael felt he wouldn't be able to take any more. His
  arse felt like one big raw blister. Mandy placed her hand on it and then she'd
  said, &quot;I think it is warm enough for you now Master.&quot;  
By then Paul had divested himself of his clothes and stood with his prick
  close to Michael's face, &quot;Suck it,&quot; he ordered, &quot;Put plenty
  of saliva on it if you wish to ease its passage inside you.&quot; Mandy had
  warned him he would be expected to participate in homosexual experiences and
  for the first time in his life, it was going to happen. &quot;It can't be too
  bad,&quot; Michael told himself, &quot;Mandy and other girls have done it to
  me.&quot; With Paul's prick only inches from his face, Michael opened his mouth
  and felt it slide right in. Hardly had he started to suck when he couldn't
  contain a scream. Mandy was pushing his buttocks apart and greasing his hole.
  Paul transferred his prick to the lubricated hole and pushed in causing Michael
  to cry out again, not so much from the entry, Mandy had prepared him for that,
  but from the way she pulled his cheeks to give Paul access.  
With hard long thrusts, Paul fucked him without any concern for the pain
  his pelvic bone caused each time it his the welted flesh. To Michael it seemed
  to take for ever before Paul shot his load deep into his bowels and withdrew.
  Now came the part he was dreading. Sucking the master's prick clean. He almost
  baulked but knew the punishment would be severe. Cleaning was an anti-climax.
  The enemas had taken away all the shit so it was only sperm and juice on it.  
&quot;Your first time slave boy?&quot; Paul enquired and when Michael affirmed
  that it was Paul pointed out that at the initiation, his fuck would be immediately
  followed by a number of others.  
&quot;Don't fall asleep, slave boy!&quot; Mandy's voice brought him back
  to the present. &quot;Zip me up.&quot; Michael could only ogle at her shiny
  red PVC costume. It seemed to make her look more naked than if she had nothing
  on at all. Quarter cups supported her breasts and thrust them upwards leaving
  her nipples and aureoles completely on display; a circular cut-out gave access
  to her cunt and another at the rear, exposed her arse. &quot;I guess you appreciate
  my dress, slave boy,&quot; Mandy laughed, &quot;But don't get any ideas and
  keep that prick of yours under control until after the meeting. This is always
  ready for use.&quot; She touched the leather strap hanging from her waist.  
&quot;Come boy.&quot; Amanda gave a little tug on the leash. Michael followed
  as best he could with his ankles hobbled and his wrists cuffed to the body
  belt. &quot;Take your time on the stairs.&quot; The hobble chain was only a
  little longer than necessary to step from one tread to the next but he made
  it without mishap. &quot;Kneel.&quot; They had arrived at a group of masters
  and mistresses. Amanda started chatting but Michael had to try and control
  his feelings and not allow himself to become aroused. It was difficult when
  his face was level with four bare cunts and two half hard pricks. His situation
  was made worse by the fact that he was kneeling alongside a near naked female
  slave and there were two others only a short distance away. The one in front
  of him had very red breasts and by the tears in her eyes had been punished
  recently. To his embarrassment, Amanda fondled his hair while they discussed
  'her new toy'.  
After circulating for a short while Mandy said, &quot;I think we'll go and
  see the other initiate now,&quot; and she dragged him over to the altar. &quot;She
  looks very young and innocent don't you think slave boy?&quot;  
&quot;Yes mistress.&quot;  
Michael watched as Mandy kissed Judy's sex and suckled her breasts. &quot;Sorry
  boy, slaves don't get to touch the initiates, not until later at least.&quot; They
  drifted to a group where a master was verbally castigating his slave girl whose
  feet as she knelt submissively, had tripped Master Raymond It wasn't her fault
  but the master blamed her.  
&quot;You know what to do Joanna,&quot; the master said. Even though the
  punishment was grossly unfair she didn't protest and knelt with her head to
  the floor and her arse high in the air. CRAACK! The master laid his strap hard
  across the woman's arse. She gave a gasp but didn't move. Eleven more times
  the leather landed on the unfortunate victim until she was reduced to sobbing
  loudly. &quot;Do you wish to take her Master Raymond?&quot; her owner asked, &quot;I
  see her warming has stimulated you.&quot;  
&quot;That is most kind of you,&quot; Raymond replied, &quot;Do you mind
  if I use the arsehole?&quot;  
On receiving an affirmative nod he turned to Amanda, &quot;Mistress Amanda
  would you allow your new toy to lubricate my penis with his saliva to ease
  my passage please.&quot;  
&quot;Oh no!&quot; thought Michael but a jerk on his lead indicated he had
  no choice. The prick was clean and it only took a few minutes sucking and laving
  before Raymond deemed it ready and pushed it straight into the poor woman's
  sore bum. He proceeded to fuck her hard with no thought for the pain that he
  was causing. By now a small crowd had gathered to watch the scene. It reminded
  Michael of the times when a fight developed in the school playground and everyone
  gathered round to cheer.  
After several minutes Raymond spent his load and withdrew. &quot;May I use
  the services of your slave again please Mistress Amanda?&quot;  
&quot;Of course Master Raymond. Slave Michael will be only to pleased to
  clean you, won't you slave boy?&quot; Although he knew he would have to, Michael
  hesitated. CRAACK! Mandy's strap exploded across his backside. He quickly took
  the prick in his mouth. &quot;My apologies Master Raymond. This is his first
  outing and he hasn't even been initiated yet. I will deal with him further
  when we are home but for the moment I'd like to keep his arse free of blemishes
  ready for the ceremony.&quot;  
For the next hour Michael knelt through Grand Master Paul's introduction
  and witnessed the initiation of the new girl slave. He worried as to what would
  happen to him. &quot;If they treat a young girl like that, what will they do
  to an older man?&quot; However, it wasn't all gloom. Several times he closely
  saw couples having intercourse and twice was ordered to perform cunnilingus
  albeit the women were somewhat older than he. Now though, the altar was clear
  and Grand Master Paul was on stage.  
&quot;KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!&quot; The heel of the master's trident pounded
  the hollow floor of the dais again. &quot;Masters and mistresses,&quot; Grand
  Master Paul's voice brought home to Michael the realisation that his turn was
  next. &quot;Mistresses Edwina and Sharon have been selected to apply slave
  Michael's welcome. Mistress Amanda has agreed to ten strokes from each. Ladies
  which way up would you prefer him?&quot; After a short discussion, they agreed
  to have him bent over the end of the altar.  
Amanda led him there and unclipped his leash. &quot;Be brave Michael. This
  is probably the worst thrashing you'll get and Mistress Edwina will delight
  in laying it on hard,&quot; she whispered.  
Mistress Edwina crashed the first stroke across both thighs a little above
  the knee. Michael couldn't stop himself from crying out. Never in his life
  had be been caned as hard, not even Mandy had done so. A short interval later
  a second line of fire cracked across his thighs. Sharon had placed her stroke
  slightly above the first on and from the other side. Michael yelled but tried
  to heed Amanda's warning not to beg for mercy at least until the halfway stage.
  Halfway? He wasn't sure he could withstand the pain for that long, let alone
  the full amount. He didn't have a choice. Relentlessly the pair of sadistic
  mistresses worked their way up his thighs and decorated his arse until it was
  one mass of deep welts. He sobbed, he yelled, he begged, all to no avail. Finally
  it was all over and he felt hands gently rubbing his soreness.  
From somewhere he heard Mandy's voice and then felt the coolness of a spray.
  First part over slave Michael, only four masters wish to bugger your arse so
  you are getting off lightly there.&quot; She applied lubrication to his hole
  and he cried out as the Grand Master entered and proceeded to ravish him. Having
  already climaxed in Judy, he took longer this time but Michael almost became
  inured to the pain. He felt the other three enter but it was almost an unreal
  dream. Finally they were done.  
&quot;Turn him over so we can get at his prick! It was Edwina who gave the
  order.  
&quot;Oh my God, what are they going to do now. I can't stand much more.
  Mandy didn't tell me about this.&quot; Michael's mind was distraught at the
  thought of further punishment. Again he yelled as his very sore flesh hit the
  hard surface of the altar and he was fastened down, face upwards.  
Edwina's hand grasped his prick and started to pump it. &quot;Come on slave
  boy, get this thing hard enough for us to use.&quot; Despite the pain, Edwina's
  manipulations had the desired effect and soon it was hard enough. She climbed
  on the altar, lowered herself on his weapon and began to fuck him. Every time
  she hit bottom so his arse cried out with the pain and Michael had no satisfaction
  from the experience. Edwina climaxed and moved off only to be replaced by a
  second and then a third mistress. Fortunately the third one controlled the
  depth of his penetration better and there was less pain. Even so he didn't
  shoot his load.  
Almost in a blur he felt the fastenings being released and Amanda and another
  master helped him to his feet. &quot;It's over Michael. We'll go and get you
  cleaned up a little and something to drink. Sorry slaves are not allowed alcohol
  and then we must circulate for a while before we can go home.  
Fifteen minutes later they were again in the main area and Amanda was speaking
  to another mistress, the one with the other new slave. &quot;She looks pretty
  distressed too,&quot; Michael noticed.  
&quot;Your new slave performed very well, Mistress Carol,&quot; Amanda remarked
  as the pair hugged and kissed. &quot;It's been a little while since we've done
  this,&quot; she laughed and kissed her again. The pair chatted like old friends
  and Michael realised that Carol had at one time been Amanda's slave. He just
  wished they would shut up so they could go home and treat his pain. He still
  wasn't very sure he wanted to be in this club after all.  
&quot;Why don't you spend the night in my flat Carol? Like we used to. The
  slaves can look after each other and can sleep in the spare bed.&quot;  
&quot;Sounds great, Mandy.&quot;  
A little later they departed and went upstairs to Amanda's flat.  
Chapter 5. Afterwards   
&quot;Ummm. That was nice. I miss your kisses Carol. You'll have to visit
  more often.&quot;  
&quot;I miss yours too Mandy, but Judy's not bad either. She's learning anyway.&quot; They
  kissed long and deeply. What are we going to do with those two?&quot; Carol
  asked. They had a whispered conversation.  
&quot;Michael, Judy,&quot; Amanda spoke, &quot;We have decided to give you
  two a little break from us.&quot; Both Judy and Michael looked crestfallen.
  They'd expected some love and comfort from their mistresses after their ordeal. &quot;For
  the remainder of the weekend you will look after each other although you will
  still have to service us should we require it. You can sleep together in the
  guestroom and enjoy each other's bodies but Michael, remember if she says no,
  it means no. She is not to be raped. You know where things are Michael. There
  are painkillers in my medicine cupboard as well as soothing sprays and creams.
  Use them as necessary. In half an hour, when you should be cleaned up, open
  a bottle of white wine and bring it with two glasses into our bedroom. After
  that we don't wish to hear anything from you until you bring our breakfast
  in. Is that clear?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Judy, when Michael brings in the wine, you come too so we can say goodnight,&quot; Carol
  added. &quot;I want to have a good look at you when you're cleaned up. You've
  both suffered a lot for your first time so be kind to each other.&quot;  
&quot;Hi Judy, come this way please.&quot; Michael took her hand and the
  pair tottered into the guest bedroom still hobbled by their ankle chains. Judy
  looked stunned. &quot;I'm sorry Judy, I thought Mandy was going to take care
  of me as I expect you thought Carol would but we will have to just do what
  we can to make each other comfortable. I suggest we remove our fetters, take
  a couple of painkillers and get into the shower. We've both seen all there
  is of our bodies so that should not be a problem. Hopefully by the time the
  shower is over, the pain relief will have kicked in. Is that okay with you?&quot;  
&quot;I guess so Mike. Can I call you Mike?&quot; Michael nodded. &quot;With
  the fastenings being at the back we can't get these cuffs and stuff off on
  our own very easily.&quot; Five minutes later, they were under the shower and
  gently and carefully soaping the other's body, or at least the parts that were
  not too sore.  
&quot;I guess I was lucky to have only eight welts but they still really
  hurt. Your bottom must feel terrible. Those mistresses laid them on extra hard.&quot; Judy
  commented.  
&quot;I thought they were cutting me in half but you had to suffer the rapes
  and it was your first time too. They didn't hit you lightly either and I'm
  sure your tits felt it badly and they look extremely sore even now. I'm not
  too sure I want to go on and spend a year being a slave and getting thrashed
  like that. What about you?&quot;  
&quot;Carol said the first and the last ones were the worst. None of the
  other slaves were hurt as badly as us. I don't have much choice anyway. Carol's
  giving me a free room while I'm at college and most of the week I'm able to
  do just what I want. Mike, can you reach the showerhead and then perhaps we
  can use it directly on our bottoms and my breasts.  
&quot;Hurry up you two. We need our wine!&quot; Mandy's voice came through
  the doorway.  
&quot;Just coming ma'am,&quot; Michael called back. Drying the sore places
  was worse than washing them and they had to be dry for the analgesic spray
  to be effective.  
&quot;Let me have a look at you Judy baby.&quot; Naked, Carol got out of
  the bed and gave Judy a long kiss and then carefully and gently examined her
  now colourful breasts. &quot;I doubt you'll want to wear a bra for a week or
  so Judy but they'll be okay. Turn round and bend over.&quot; Judy winced when
  a finger probed one of the deepest welts and then inserted it into her vagina. &quot;You
  take good care of her Michael,&quot; Carol ordered, &quot;That prick of yours
  may have to stay out of her sheath for tonight at least. She's still very tender
  there.&quot;  
Watching the two nude women had caused his prick to start to rise. &quot;And
  you remember what my crop will do to it if she complains that you forced her
  Michael?&quot; Mandy added.  
&quot;Yes ma'am. I will only do it when she wants it.&quot; Michael had no
  intention of risking another cock caning.  
&quot;Bring our breakfasts at eight o'clock Michael. You know what I like
  and I expect Judy will know Carol's. Make sure it is on time. Now be off with
  you,&quot; Mandy ordered.  
&quot;Dare we close the bedroom door?&quot; Judy asked, &quot;Then they shouldn't
  hear us if we cry out if we touch a raw spot.&quot;  
&quot;I don't think so. Sorry I'm not risk going back to ask.&quot; Michael
  shook his head. &quot;We'll just have to keep our voices down and muffle any
  cries. I don't know about Carol but Mandy won't hesitate to use the strap on
  me and perhaps you.&quot;  
&quot;Mike?&quot; Judy lay in bed alongside him with only a light cover over
  them. &quot;Mike, I've never been in bed with a man before so this is very
  new to me, but will you hold me? I thought Carol would do that. She would have
  held me gently. Would you&hellip;?&quot; Mike slowly complied, not wanting
  to hurt her breasts. Judy pulled him closer. &quot;I'm not that fragile,&quot; she
  whispered.  
&quot;I know. I saw how you took the caning, but I'm half-hard and don't
  want you yelling rape.&quot;  
&quot;I won't. I'm a bit tender there but I can take you in if you want or
  need to. Can it be done lying on our sides like this? I don't really want to
  put any weight on my bottom yet and you definitely won't want to either.&quot;  
Michael was full of admiration for the considerate young girl. &quot;Let's
  just lie close for the time being. I don't expect you are ready for sleep yet
  or even if we'll get much sleep at all, so shall we talk quietly for while
  and see what develops?&quot;  
At first they only talked about general things but then the conversation
  naturally turned to the evening's events. &quot;Did you see what that old Mistress
  Emily make that young man do it to her?&quot; Judy asked.  
&quot;Yes, but I was some distance away. She was pretty gross looking wasn't
  she? Old with tits like hanging baskets. No wonder the man had difficulty in
  getting it up.&quot;  
&quot;He had to take a dozen fairly light strokes with the strap before he
  could,&quot; giggled Judy and then it took a long while for him to climax.
  The old bag seemed to like it though especially when he had to lick her clean
  and suck her 'hanging baskets' afterwards. Did you see your new hoists used
  Mike? No, I guess you didn't. It was while you were being initiated.&quot; Mike
  agreed he hadn't seen them used but was glad to know they had worked. &quot;Well
  there was this slave, a woman probably in her early thirties who apparently
  didn't work her body properly when one of the masters had her&hellip; fucked
  her. I must stop using euphemisms, Carol gets annoyed when I do.&quot; Judy
  giggled again. &quot;He hoisted her up by her ankles so her slit&hellip; her
  cunt was well open and then he 'warmed it', as he called it with six hard strokes
  of his strap. That must have hurt terribly it made her yell. I could hear it
  over your screaming.&quot; She giggled again and Michael knew she meant no
  offence. &quot;Carol's spanked me there a couple of times with her hand and
  that was bad enough, but she's not used the strap. Did Mandy really cane your
  prick?&quot;  
Mike told her the story and ended, &quot;So now you know why I don't want
  her to do it again.&quot;  
&quot;It won't be rape Mike but will you put it in me? I can feel it's hard
  enough.&quot; Mike gently lifted her leg and after fumbling for the right entrance,
  inserted his prick into her still tight vagina.  
&quot;You okay with that?&quot; he asked still very concerned that she might
  scream.  
&quot;Yes. My&hellip; cunt is still a bit inflamed but that perhaps only
  makes it more sensitive. Fuck me gently.&quot; Mike's arse wouldn't have allowed
  him to do otherwise. Judy started giggling again and then noticed Mandy in
  the doorway.  
&quot;Doesn't sound like he's raping you Judy,&quot; she said, &quot;Enjoy
  yourselves but keep the noise down and remember you have to be up early in
  the morning.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am,&quot; Michael replied, &quot;I've set the alarm.&quot;  
&quot;Goodnight then.&quot;  
&quot;Goodnight ma'am,&quot; the pair replied in unison and continued their
  fuck until finally Michael pumped his load into her cavity.  
&quot;You should have seen them Carol,&quot; Mandy whispered to her friend
  when she returned to bed, &quot;They were cuddled up like a pair of lovebirds
  and he was fucking her oh so carefully. I could tell by the way the sheet was
  moving. It might be good to let them pair off at times so she gets more experience
  at taking a man's cock and it will give him some pleasure too. We really need
  to keep in his good books otherwise he may decide not to continue with his
  training and might even forgo doing the electrical work.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps we should allow the freedom to be with each other until Sunday.
  Do you mind if we stay that long?&quot;  
&quot;Of course not dear. It will be a pleasure to have you. I shall have
  to pop out to the shops to get a bit more food in but otherwise I'm free for
  the weekend. Shall we keep them naked and use them as servants to cook our
  meals but allow them to have free time and sleep together?&quot;  
&quot;Sounds a great idea, Mandy.&quot; Carol agreed, &quot;And we can have
  fun together as well.&quot;  
&quot;DRING! Dring. DRING, dring.&quot; Michael reached out to kill the alarm
  and cried out as his arse hit the edge of the bed. Judy too groaned as she
  too moved. &quot;Shush!&quot; Michael whispered, &quot;We have to get up. I
  don't think we have time for a shower so it will have to be a quick wash and
  spray the salve. You can use the loo first while I start the coffee machine
  but we'll have to share the bathroom so please don't lock the door.&quot; When
  he returned Judy was at the sink washing her face. &quot;Sorry Judy, I've got
  to go.&quot; Michael positioned his hands on either side of the toilet seat
  and lowered himself as far as he could without sitting down. She tried to ignore
  him as he pooped.  
&quot;I didn't dare sit either,&quot; she tried to appear casual about it
  but watched out of the corner of her eye as Michael half stood to wipe himself. &quot;Is
  there a comb or a hairbrush about? My hair is a mess.&quot;  
&quot;Second drawer down, I think. My God your arse is one helluva colour
  this morning.&quot;  
&quot;Yours isn't exactly lily white either,&quot; grinned Judy. &quot;Let's
  get the spraying done and another couple of painkillers inside us and then
  we'd better get our mistresses their breakfast. Not much time left. Even a
  light spanking will hurt today.&quot;  
&quot;We've decided to swap slaves for the day,&quot; Amanda announced after
  breakfast. &quot;Michael you will help Mistress Carol with her toilet and pleasure
  her as necessary; Judy you will do the same for me.&quot; Judy was rather afraid.
  She thought Mandy would not be as forgiving as her own mistress would but she
  only had to go into the shower and wash her properly. She was even allowed
  to suckle the woman's tits and then wash herself. &quot;Just as well we didn't
  have time for a shower earlier,&quot; she thought.  
&quot;You seemed to hit it off with my slave alright last night Judy?&quot; A
  question phrased as a statement. Judy paused in brushing the woman's hair.  
&quot;Yes ma'am. He was kind and gentle with me.&quot;  
&quot;Is that what you want Judy? A man to be kind and gentle and not rough
  and forceful?&quot;  
&quot;Not always ma'am. But last night when we were both so sore, it seemed
  appropriate.&quot;  
&quot;So if I tell Michael he can have you anyway he wants, you won't object.&quot;  
&quot;Where's this leading to? There's something behind what she's saying.&quot; Judy's
  mind raced to find an answer. &quot;If Mistress Carol permits it, then I have
  no right to object, ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Very diplomatic answer Judy, and a right one too.&quot; Amanda smiled
  into the mirror. &quot;I think I'll do just that.&quot;  
Carol came back into the bedroom and Judy noticed her bottom was rather red. &quot;Oh
  Mistress, did Michael spank you?&quot; Judy cried.  
&quot;No silly. Mandy did while you two were fussing in the bathroom. We
  didn't want to be wakened until eight but that damned alarm clock and your
  squealing woke us earlier so she spanked me instead of you. It was like old
  times.&quot;  
&quot;Carol I want to give Michael free rein to do as he wishes with Judy
  while we are out this morning. They seemed all too gentle and caring last night
  and Judy has just admitted she likes it hard and rough at times. What do you
  say? I'll be out until three this afternoon shall we leave them alone with
  Michael permitted to use her until then?&quot;  
For a few moments Carol seemed to mull over the suggestion. &quot;In general
  I agree but instead of 'permitting' him, I suggest we order him to make full
  use of her. If and when she gets a full time master, he most certainly would.
  Give them an hour to finish their chores and then order your slave boy to treat
  Judy as any good master would and not to worry about giving her a little pain.&quot; Mandy
  informed the pair and added, &quot;Keep notes Judy for we will want a full
  and detailed report later.&quot;  
While doing the washing-up, the pair discussed the situation. They could
  do so freely because the mistresses had gone. &quot;Judy, you know I don't
  really want to hurt you any more but they will expect me to do so. If I don't
  then my guess is that both of us will be punished.&quot;  
&quot;I can see from your prick you want to fuck me and I wouldn't mind now
  that we don't have to be quiet with it. Please though, don't hit me too hard
  especially on my tits.&quot;  
&quot;Time for your story now Judy. You made notes?&quot;  
&quot;Yes ma'am.&quot;  
They sat in the lounge having just had a pot of tea and some fresh cream
  cakes that Carol had bought &quot;as a special treat for Judy to mark the loss
  of your virginity. I know your diet doesn't allow them but that's what makes
  them special.&quot; Mandy and Carol sat on the settee fully dressed while the
  two slaves knelt painfully on cushions placed on the floor. &quot;Go on Judy.
  Let us hear all the delicious and sordid details. I can see he spanked you
  in some places but left your tits alone. Tell us all and use the proper words,&quot; Carol
  commanded.  
Judy blushed deeply but knew she had to make a start.&quot; &quot;Well ma'am
  Mike was rock hard after you left. It seems he'd been that way more or less
  since he bathed you earlier. It was hard all the while we did the chores so
  immediately we were free he took me into the bedroom and laid me across the
  bed with my legs and bum over the edge. That way there was not too much weight
  on my welts but that didn't seem to suit him so he lifted me back a bit so
  only my&hellip; cunt was over the edge. My welts hurt badly but I tried not
  to yell.&quot;  
&quot;Did she cry out Michael?&quot; Mandy asked.  
&quot;Not at that point ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;I pleaded with him to be gentle but he said a real master wouldn't
  be so he forced my legs apart drove his prick right in. Fortunately having
  seen his prick bobbing about for the last hour, I was already turned on and
  wet so he went in easily. The inside of my vagina&hellip;my cunt, was still
  sore from yesterday and I think I squealed a bit but he took no notice and
  fucked me hard like the masters did at my initiation. Every time his balls
  hit my welts I couldn't help but cry out but it wasn't long before he came.&quot;  
&quot;Did you have a climax?&quot; Carol asked.  
&quot;No ma'am. It didn't last long enough for that.&quot;  
&quot;We'll have to work on your technique, Michael,&quot; commented Amanda, &quot;Even
  a slave deserves to have an orgasm and if you're performing with a mistress,
  they undoubtedly must have a good cum before you finish.&quot;  
&quot;Afterwards ma'am I had to suck him and he sucked me. This time I did
  cum ma'am. We lay on the bed for a bit and got talking about last night and
  about the woman who had her cunt strapped. He already knew that you had spanked
  me there Mistress and he wanted to do it. I said, 'You're the master' so he
  made me pull my legs back sorta like they wanted to do with me on the altar
  but again they wouldn't go far. It was enough for him to get at my cunt. 'You
  haven't shaved this morning you disgusting bitch,' he said so when I retorted
  that he hadn't either, he hit me hard. I yelled but kept holding my legs so
  he could spank me properly. I think he gave me about a dozen, which made it
  quite sore as well as causing me to chafe the stripes on my bottom. Then he
  kissed me there and proceeded to suck me off again.&quot;  
&quot;You've shaved since?&quot;  
&quot;Yes ma'am. We cuddled for a while and had something to eat then I suggested
  we'd better do it before you got back so we found a razor and did each other.
  Afterwards he put some aftershave on which stung especially since he'd already
  spanked me there. I did the same when I shaved him and then spilled some on
  his prick and rubbed it in. That made him yell and it went soft. I didn't expect
  that ma'am and I laughed at him.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't expect to go down like that either. I hadn't had it under
  my foreskin before.&quot; Michael commented.  
&quot;What happened then?&quot; asked Carol.  
&quot;He got angry at me for laughing and dragged be back to the bed and
  wanted to pull me over his lap but when he did my weight hurt his bum so I
  had to lie across the bed. I pleaded with him not to hit me on my welts but
  he didn't seem to take much notice. He said, 'I'll give you something to laugh
  about my girl. You don't torture your master and then laugh and get away with
  it.' He ordered me to lie still and spanked me pretty hard until I had to cry
  out. I don't think he deliberately tried to hit my welts but sometimes he did
  and I had to cry out. I couldn't help it ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;What happened next?&quot; enquired Mandy when Judy paused for a while.  
&quot;Ma'am, my wriggling had brought his prick to life again so he ordered
  me to lie face down over the end of the bed and left me there for a minute
  while he left the room. He came back with a pot of Vaseline and put it on my
  bottom hole. 'I've always wanted to do this to a woman,' he said, 'Now's my
  chance.' I was still sore there from the initiation but I didn't say anything.
  I guess it wouldn't have made much difference so I tried to relax and he pushed
  it in me. That wasn't too bad until he began for fuck me and his pelvic bone
  hit my bottom. That really hurt but I think he did try not to go all the way
  in until near the end. Afterwards I had to suck him clean which wasn't very
  nice as I hadn't had an enema before hand. He tongued my hole so that sorta
  made up for it. Not much else to say ma'am. We lay down and snogged for a while
  and then you came back.&quot;  
&quot;Seems to me you were very lenient with her Michael. Much more lenient
  than a real master would have been.&quot; Mandy commented.  
&quot;With all due respect ma'am,&quot; Michael spoke up. &quot;Most masters
  wouldn't have a thrashed arse when they deal with a slave. It hurt me as much
  as her when her weight was on my lap and even when I fucked her bottom.&quot;  
&quot;We'll just have to see what happens when she is in charge of you. After
  we've finished with you after dinner this evening, you will be her slave until
  breakfast in the morning. And we'll have a late breakfast so no need for that
  alarm and you can shut the door so we won't be disturbed by your pathetic cries,&quot; Mandy
  instructed. &quot;We'll need a full report from you in the morning.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;Well what happened last night Michael?&quot; Amanda asked after having
  inspected him next morning. &quot;I cannot see any spank marks or any reddening
  anywhere although you arse is very colourful.&quot;  
&quot;Nothing much, ma'am. We were both very tired so we had a gentle fuck
  before going to sleep snuggled together and then we did it again when we woke.
  I reminded her that she could make me do anything but she just said she wanted
  to be loved and not raped.&quot;  
&quot;Is that true Judy?&quot; Amanda demanded.  
&quot;Yes ma'am. I thought being a mistress I could make him do what I wanted
  and I wanted a quiet easy fuck,&quot; Judy hesitatingly replied.  
&quot;But you knew we wished you to punish Michael for how he treated you
  earlier?&quot;  
&quot;Yes ma'am but I thought that as a mistress I was in charge.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know where you got the mistaken idea of being a mistress girl,&quot; Amanda
  snapped, &quot;You are a slave girl, a trainee slave girl at that. All we did
  was put you as a slave in charge of another slave. We expected you to do our
  wishes and at least make some attempt at punishing him. Yet all you did was
  to lie together and take your own pleasures. Mistress Carol and I will discus
  what to do with the pair of you while you're washing-up the breakfast things.
  Be off with you before I become really angry.&quot; When the pair had left
  the room, Mandy and Carol laughed quietly. &quot;Has Judy got college in the
  morning Carol?&quot;  
&quot;Yes and she still has homework to do. We expected to be home for the
  day and she'll need to work on her computer.&quot;  
&quot;Okay, we can't interfere with that. What say we swap slaves next Friday
  night and return them Sunday morning? They'll both still be tender but will
  be able to take the strap better than they can now and you'll get a chance
  to have a cock inside you if you want.&quot;  
Chapter 6. Judy's revolt   
&quot;Mistress Carol, would you mind if I take charge of slave Judy for the
  coming week?&quot; Master Michael asked, &quot;It is half-term week and I understand
  you wish to go to the convention in Birmingham with Mistress Amanda.&quot;  
&quot;Isn't your arse still too sore Michael?&quot; Carol gave a little laugh. &quot;It's
  only a week since your graduation caning and although you're a fully fledged
  master I wonder if you are up to the job at the moment.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, it's still sore ma'am but I'll manage. I'm working again now.&quot;  
&quot;Oh I'm not really sure about letting her stay with you for a whole
  week especially as I know how you two feel about each other. You'll be too
  soft on her and then I'll have to re-train her when I get back.&quot; Carol
  teased him. Michael looked downcast. &quot;She needs a good strapping like
  I give her everyday.&quot;  
Michael caught the glint in Carol's eyes. &quot;A big strap-on cock you mean,&quot; Michael
  laughingly rejoined.  
&quot;Please Mistress, let me go,&quot; Judy begged.  
Judy was no stranger to Michael's home, bed or cock. In the last fourteen
  months since they first met at the initiation Amanda and Carol had allowed
  the pair to be together on their own at least once a month and frequently they
  were involved in foursomes at either Amanda or Carol's place. Judy knew she
  liked him from the first weekend but it was some three weeks later before they
  met again. Michael phoned Carol with a plea for help. &quot;Mistress Carol
  would you ask Judy if she'll look at my computer please. I cannot open any
  of my Word files and I need to order more fittings for the dungeon. Mistress
  Amanda has given me permission to ask.&quot;  
It only took Judy a few minutes to sort out the problem but she recommended
  he upgraded his computer and she did this for him over the next few weeks.
  On the second occasion she worked on his computer Michael told her, &quot;Amanda
  and Carol have told me that I must pay you for your services at the same hourly
  rate as I charge.&quot;  
&quot;You don't have to do that Mike.&quot;  
&quot;I do and it can go on my expenses, but there's more. I have to become
  your slave boy for an equal length of time.&quot;  
&quot;I'd rather be your slave girl,&quot; Judy said seriously. &quot;I'm
  not very good at giving the orders.&quot; In the end they made love and she
  spanked him quite gently mainly so he could tell Amanda she'd done it.  
The tables were reversed when Judy asked Carol, &quot;Can I get Mike to put
  some more sockets in my room please. The amount of trailing leads to the computer
  and all the bits that go with it, is getting to be dangerous.&quot; This was
  true and even Carol had remarked on it earlier. &quot;I can set the cost off
  against the computer work I'm doing for him.&quot; It worked out well. Judy
  could take her time working on his computer knowing he could take his time
  doing the rewiring and they had longer with each other afterwards.  
&quot;Please Mistress, let me go,&quot; Judy begged again.  
Carol appeared to consider and reluctantly agree. She knew Judy preferred
  a real prick inside her to a dildo although she didn't object to lesbian activities
  either. &quot;I shall expect to see well chastised tits and arse when I come
  home and all your coursework up to date. Is that clear?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am. Mike will be at work all day weekdays so I'll have plenty
  of time to do college work and he usually finds some excuse to spank me.&quot;  
*****  
Judy walked to Michael's house on the Saturday morning and let herself in
  knowing Mike was out finishing a job. Carol and Amanda left earlier than planned
  because one of Carol's relatives invited them to stop off for lunch on the
  way. &quot;I'll give him a surprise,&quot; she smiled to herself, &quot;I'll
  make us some lunch and serve it as a slave girl. Sodden shame I've just started
  my period and have to wear knickers and a pad. It would have to come this week!&quot; After
  baking a fruit pie and making sandwiches, close to noon when Mike was expected
  home, she went into the bedroom and removed all her clothes except for slippers
  and the knickers needed to keep the pad in place.  
By twelve-fifteen Judy was on tender hooks in anticipation of his arrival.
  Hearing the key in the door she turned and knelt on the kitchen floor. Sudden
  panic. Mike was talking to someone. She had no time to stand or run before
  they entered.  
&quot;Judy!&quot; Mike exclaimed and then recovered his composure and introduced
  them. &quot;Judy, meet Ray Jolliff. We were at electrical school together and
  I met him in town. Ray this is my girlfriend, Judy.&quot;  
Blushing deep red, Judy would have run from the room had not Ray reached
  and grasped her hand as she stuttered a greeting. &quot;Morning Judy,&quot; Ray
  grinned, &quot;Mike you dirty dog, fancy keeping a woman like this. Saves on
  clothes though!&quot; Ray grinned broadly and leered at the tits displayed
  in front of him. &quot;I don't suppose you'll be watching the football on the
  telly this afternoon! You quiet ones&hellip;&quot;  
Judy muttered she got away early. Mike tried to make light of the situation, &quot;I
  didn't expect you until after lunch Judy. I think you'd better put my robe
  on before Ray's eyes leave their sockets.&quot;  
&quot;That was so embarrassing Mike,&quot; Judy smiled, she could laugh at
  it now Ray had left and they lay side by side in bed giggling over the episode. &quot;I
  guess he'd had even more to say if he'd seen your bruised and battered arse.&quot; Indeed
  the effects of the graduation caning showed very clearly and even after a week,
  Mike had to sit carefully. &quot;I cried the whole time they were hitting you,&quot; Judy
  admitted, &quot;But Carol kept me on a tight leash so I couldn't interfere.&quot;  
After a break Judy was more serious, &quot;Sorry Mike, I guess you know why
  I'm wearing knickers. I only started last night and my flow is pretty heavy.
  Sorry, I didn't want it to happen this week but I can't turn it off.&quot;  
&quot;I know. Can't be helped. I guess I have two choices, well three really
  if you count abstaining. I could use your bum or I could ignore the blood.
  I think I may go the bloody route. Two meetings ago I had to watch Master Rex
  fuck a menses slave and they both seemed to enjoy it although Rex has a bit
  of a fetish over it and always asks to do any woman in that condition. What
  do you think?&quot;  
&quot;I'm your slave, master. You make the decisions although I would suggest
  we put a towel under us to save washing the sheets. I've never done it when
  I've been flowing and Carol does not even use a dildo then. She seems put off
  by the sight of blood.&quot;  
With a large colourful towel now under her, Mike ordered, &quot;Spread your
  legs.&quot; A trickle of blood oozed from the shaven cunt. &quot;Rex said the
  blood gave a little more lubrication so you could fuck harder and a mistress
  said she was always hornier during curse time so we'll find out.&quot; He inserted
  his prick and fucked deeply and hard until the pair were both groaning with
  arousal. All too quickly it seemed, he ejaculated and collapsed on top of her.
  Judy's arms and legs clasped him there and held him tight.  
&quot;Slavegirl, I do believe you are trying to hold your master prisoner.&quot; Mike
  tried to sound serious but failed and they both started laughing.  
&quot;That's right sir, your slave is not letting you go until you're hard
  again and she's climaxed even though she may be punished for it later. She
  can feel you haven't gone completely soft.&quot; To emphasise her point she
  tightened her grip but in doing so squeezed his buttocks and caused him to
  wince with pain. &quot;Sorry Mike, I didn't mean to hurt you.&quot;  
&quot;Definitely a spanking for you later my girl,&quot; Mike grinned.  
They lay quietly snogging for a time until Mike's prick stiffened and he
  could perform once more. This time he took much longer and Judy came twice
  before the second load flooded her vagina. He looked at his messy cock. &quot;I
  won't ask you to clean it, Judy, although the slave at the meeting had to.&quot;  
&quot;I'd better do it Mike, I'm sure there will be a time when I'm ordered
  to do so at a meeting. Carol's bound to ask even though she finds it disgusting.
  She had to do it several times in her slave year so she will expect me to have
  done it too. Luckily so far, I've not had a period while at a meeting.&quot; She
  took the messy flesh, closed her eyes and sucked it into her mouth. &quot;Not
  too much difference to just sperm and juice,&quot; she said to herself, &quot;It's
  probably only the sight of it that makes it so disgusting. It's no worse than
  when I've been bum fucked without an enema.&quot; Finally she sucked it and
  licked his balls clean. &quot;Would you like to do me?&quot; she asked, &quot;You
  don't have to now that you're a master.&quot;  
&quot;It's okay, I'll do it,&quot; Mike responded, &quot;Mandy made me do
  it to her quite often.&quot;  
Sunday morning after breakfast Mike said, &quot;I promised I'd fix up a spot
  light over the new punishment bench in the club. Would you like to help thread
  the wires through so it doesn't take so long?&quot; Judy readily agreed. &quot;There'll
  only be us there because Mandy is away so the other members won't be able to
  get the key. Only Harry the builder and I have our own keys and he shouldn't
  have any reason to be there today.&quot;  
As he predicted they were the only ones there and with Judy's help, it only
  took an hour to complete the job. &quot;Drop your jeans and lay over the bench
  so I can check the positioning of the light&hellip; and give your arse the
  punishment it should have received yesterday.&quot; Judy saw he was smiling
  and went along with his game.  
&quot;Oh please sir, don't hit me too hard. I didn't mean to hold you prisoner,
  not for long anyway.&quot; Mike ordered her to lie on the bench and fastened
  her down with the straps. He picked a strap from the cupboard and was walking
  back when the door opened and Master Rex came in followed by Dianne, his slave.  
&quot;Sorry, I forgot Mandy was away until I got here and then I noticed
  your van. Looks like you're about to punish Carol's slave. Don't let me stop
  you.&quot; By then he was close enough to notice Judy's knickers and pad. &quot;Oh
  do let me screw her,&quot; he pleaded, &quot;You know how much I love a menstrual
  cunt. Punish her first though.&quot;  
&quot;We were really only testing the light position but it is time I warmed
  her up a bit and of course you are welcome to use her afterwards.&quot; Mike
  and Judy both knew this was expected and part of the club etiquette. &quot;Will
  you be trying out the bench with slave Dianne?&quot;  
Rex nodded, ordered Dianne to undress and opened his flies so she could suck
  him to hardness. &quot;She's a well built young bitch,&quot; Rex commented
  on Judy, &quot;Lot more flesh than this thing.&quot; He tousled Dianne's hair
  affectionately.  
Mike pulled Judy's knickers down and cracked the strap across her arse harder
  than he would have if they been alone causing Judy to wince and buck. &quot;Is
  the light okay?&quot; he asked, &quot;Or should I move it a little to the left?&quot; They
  agreed to move it and then he resumed strapping Judy's arse until she'd taken
  a dozen and tears were flowing.  
&quot;Oh it looks as though she is ready for me now,&quot; Rex grinned as
  he noted the blood seeping from her slit. He plunged his prick in and fucked
  her slowly, savouring the squishy sensations of the bloody vagina, until he
  could hold back now longer and spurted inside her.  
In a way Judy was glad she'd cleaned Mike the previous day because Rex immediately
  offered his slime coated prick to her. Knowing a refusal would immediately
  be followed by more punishment, Judy took it and cleaned him. Mike entered
  her while she performed and having already ejaculated into her bottom before
  breakfast, took longer and strove to give his slave a climax before he came.  
&quot;Would you mind if slave Dianne cleans me?&quot; Mike asked Rex.  
&quot;Of course not. She's well used to it and she'll clean your slave too,
  wont you girl?&quot; Dianne promptly answered, &quot;Yes. Sir.&quot;  
The rest of the week was fairly routine until Friday evening. Mike was at
  work during the day and Judy spent the mornings in her room studying and the
  afternoons shopping or cleaning and cooking a meal for when Mike came home.  
Mike planned to take Judy to the cinema of their last night and they were
  dressed ready to go when there was a knock at the door. Grandmaster Paul entered. &quot;Good
  evening Master Michael,&quot; Paul greeted them, &quot;I hope you weren't going
  out, Mistress Carol ordered me to make sure her slave girl was being properly
  attended to ready for her return tomorrow.&quot;  
&quot;Sir, I have tickets for us to see 'The Lord of the Rings'. We are both
  looking forward to it.&quot;  
&quot;You can go Michael but she stays. Go and get undressed slave girl.&quot; Paul's
  manner was brusque and he smiled evilly. He expected to be obeyed without question.  
&quot;No! No! No! You can't do this,&quot; Judy screamed, &quot;I won't get
  undressed for you. I am not your slave. I won't do it!&quot; Her utter disappointment
  at not being allowed out erupted. Rarely did she get angry but this time she
  was fuming.  
The outburst took Paul by surprise and his anger rose too. From his pocket
  he produced the usual strap. Judy fled to the bedroom and closed the door.
  Michael tried to plead with Paul to leave and let him deal with her but Paul
  would have none of that. &quot;You think you love the bitch,&quot; he sneered, &quot;You
  are the newest master and have much to learn. She's only a trainee slave girl.
  I am the Grand master and have overall power over all club members. You've
  been too soft with the slave of another. I am going to correct that. She'll
  regret her outburst before the hour is out. I'll flay the skin off her.&quot; He
  strode to the bedroom door and flung it open. &quot;Strip slave and lay on
  that bed. You'll need plenty of comfort before you get to sleep tonight.&quot;  
&quot;No!&quot; Judy screamed at him again, &quot;Go away! We don't want
  you here spoiling everything.&quot;  
&quot;Please leave Sir. Let me handle this before it gets worse,&quot; Michael
  shouted but before he'd finished Paul rushed forward and lashed the belt across
  Judy's breasts. She screamed but instead of backing away into the far corner
  as Paul expected she came forward, fury in her heart, and with fists flying
  and caught Paul with a hard punches to the face and to the stomach knocking
  the wind out of him. Judy used her size and weight to good effect and Carol's
  exercise programme had firmed her muscles so she packed a manly punch. She
  continued her forward rush and overbalanced attacker, knocking him to the floor.
  Vaguely she heard and felt Michael trying to stop any further onslaught but
  her pent-up anger needed an outlet. Pushing Michael into a chair, she picked
  up Paul and threw him across the bed and fastened his wrists to the bed head
  with the ties Mike had used on her earlier in the week.  
Mike again tried to intervene but there was no stopping Judy. Her rage boiled. &quot;Sit
  down Mike or I'll have to tie you up too. This is a slave's revolt.&quot; Again
  Mike tried to hold her but she turned on him and sat him in the chair. Grabbing
  a necktie she tied his arms between the slats, immobilising him. All the while
  Paul shouted abuse and threatened dire punishments at the next meeting.  
&quot;Shut up Paul,&quot; Judy hissed as she undid his trousers and yanked
  them down, &quot;I expect its been a long while since you've experienced the
  strap but whatever the consequences, you're certainly going to feel it now.&quot; Tying
  the trouser legs around his ankles she pinioned his feet and effectively stopped
  him kicking.  
&quot;No!&quot; Mike yelled as she swung the strap in a wide arc and brought
  it fiercely down on the ageing white buttocks. They were only white for a second
  or two before colouring a deep red. Paul yelled. He always supplied the pain,
  he did not receive it. Again and again, Judy lashed the leather across his
  arse  
&quot;Judy stop!&quot;  
Mike voice finally got through to her brain and she looked down at the battered
  and bruised bum and thighs. She felt no satisfaction and knew with certainty
  she had ruined her chances of remaining in the club. &quot;But do I want that?&quot; she
  asked herself. Paul's abuse had stopped and been replaced by groans and sobs.
  The euphoria of the power she had still didn't completely leave her. It was
  necessary to keep in control of the situation until she could get Paul out
  of the house. &quot;Get the cream Mike,&quot; she ordered as she untied him.
  Fifteen minutes later Paul left avowing revenge if either of them set foot
  in the club again.  
*****  
&quot;So Judy what have you to say for yourself?&quot; Carol asked. &quot;I
  get home and there's an answerphone message for me to go immediately to Grandmaster
  Paul's house. There I find he can hardly sit and has two black eyes and bruises
  the size of a football on his ribs. Mike, I thought I could trust you.&quot;  
&quot;No you didn't Carol. That's what caused this whole mess. You didn't
  trust me otherwise you wouldn't have told Paul to come round. We were doing
  fine until then. It was going to be our big date. I was taking her to the pictures
  for the first time. A film we both longed to see. We were all ready and about
  to leave when that sadist came and spoilt it all. The disappointment was worse
  than any thrashing. There was no need for you to check up on me.&quot;  
&quot;What do you intend to do Carol?&quot; Judy asked. &quot;Are you going
  to throw me out?&quot;  
&quot;Maybe&hellip; No, I don't think that will be necessary.&quot; She came
  over and kissed Judy passionately but Judy backed away. Angrily Carol reacted. &quot;If
  that's the way you want it slut, you can pack your things and go.&quot; Carol
  burst into tears and prepared to leave.  
&quot;Carol,&quot; Mike said quietly, &quot;Don't do anything hasty. You
  love Judy. I love Judy. We can work something out. Go home and think about
  it. Talk with Mandy. She seems to be a sort of high priestess of the club and
  virtually runs it. Perhaps the two of you can come up with a plan. We'll do
  the same and perhaps we can all get together tomorrow afternoon and discuss
  it sensibly and as equals. None of this master and slave business until we
  decide what to do. Why not come to dinner tomorrow about six and bring Mandy?&quot;  
*****  
The atmosphere at the meal was a little strained but Mandy used her skills
  to keep the conversation light hearted and irrelevant to the purpose of the
  meeting. Finally replete and with a glass of wine each, they retired to the
  lounge where Mandy took charge. &quot;Let's get down to business. We all know
  why we're here but first Carol has something to say.&quot;  
Carol spluttered a little at first but went on, &quot;Mike, I wish to apologise
  for not trusting you to look after Judy properly. Asking Paul to check on you
  was wrong and I should have known he would wish to go further than I had intended.
  He's always been a pompous, sadistic sod. With Mandy's help I have looked at
  the reasons I did this and can only come up with one. Jealousy. I'm so sorry
  Mike and Judy. I love Judy and felt you were taking her away. I know she's
  enjoyed much of her time with me and the loving we did, but I think she loves
  you more. Perhaps she loves men more than women. Whatever, I wanted you to
  hurt her badly enough for her to leave you and love me fully. I am so sorry
  and I hope both of you will forgive me and we can still be friends.&quot; Tears
  rolled down Carol's cheeks as she spoke.  
Judy rushed to hug her. &quot;I love Mike but I love you too but more like
  a big sister or girlfriend. It's love but a different kind of love.&quot; Mike
  also kissed Carol and said he was sorry too.  
&quot;Right let's get on.&quot; Mandy was in business mode. &quot;I called
  an impromptu meeting of club members this afternoon. Of course not too many
  could attend at short notice but we had enough for a quorum. Grand master Paul
  was there and gave us his version of what happened and showed everyone his
  bruises and stripes on his arse. Had they been free to do so, I think many
  of them would have praised you Judy. Carol did her best to put your case. Paul
  demanded Judy be brought in a given a full body whipping. That has only ever
  been done once to a man who betrayed us and he was off work for nearly a month
  and it was a year before he fully recovered.&quot;  
&quot;Oh God no!&quot; Judy cried out.  
&quot;It's okay Judy, the rest of us rejected that and it only served to
  heighten the hostility some members have towards Paul. They pointed out that
  the club has become much more sadistic lately, witness the graduation caning
  you had Mike. It was far more severe than any previous one. Quite a few said
  their slaves were refusing to come to the meetings because the chances of a
  real thrashing were too high. There used to be plenty of sex and spankings
  but now the strap or cane is used more frequently and far harder so the pleasure
  has gone from the meetings for many of the members. There were, of course,
  a few that disagreed but the majority were in favour of calling an extraordinary
  general meeting and electing a new grand master who would be charged with humanising
  the club a bit more.&quot;  
&quot;What about us? What about the work I do at the club?&quot; Mike asked.  
&quot;It shouldn't make any difference to your work Mike. I employ you. If
  I sack you then I should always fear you could leak what happens here to the
  press. In any case finding another who could take your place and have your
  knowledge of the circuits and keep our secrets would be very difficult. As
  to your club membership, I expect you would be banned from attending for a
  few meetings. Judy, again it is guesswork because it would have to be decided
  at a meeting, would be banned until she is eighteen and could start slave training
  properly, that is if she still wanted to.&quot;  
&quot;Are you still going to throw me out Carol?&quot; Judy asked.  
Mandy answered. &quot;Carol and I have discussed this and it would appear
  you have four options. One, to go back and live with Carol as her slave like
  you have for the past year. Carol has agreed to this and to allow you to see
  more of Mike. Two, to live with Mike permanently. Three, to live weekdays with
  Carol and be her sub. That's like being a milder kind of slave, submitting
  to her and accepting a spanking as and when necessary but without the humiliation
  and hard strappings. From Friday night to Sunday evening you can live with
  Mike in whatever relationship you decide. I am sure there can be some flexibility
  in all these options. The fourth option is to return home. Would you like to
  go somewhere quiet to think about it Judy?&quot;  
Judy shook her head. &quot;I no longer have a home to go to. My room is now
  Dad's office and when I visit and stay overnight I have to have an airbed on
  the floor. Carol is a great, if sometimes a painful help with my work. She
  checks it although she has no idea of what she's reading, and makes sure I
  work to the best of my ability so I am getting good results. However, especially
  after this week I would miss being with Mike so I guess the third option is
  the best providing it is flexible. There are times when I must do college work
  at the weekend and doing it in my room is most convenient. There are other
  times when I am free in the week or would like an evening out. If we can all
  be friends again, we should be able to work it out.&quot; So the arrangement
  was agreed.  
&quot;Before we go,&quot; Carol spoke, &quot;To show I really am sorry for
  what I did, although it does seem to be working out for the best, I would like
  to lay myself across Mike's lap and for him to give me a hard bare arse spanking.
  Next weekend Judy, I would like you to spank me. Is that okay with you?&quot;  
Of course it was. Judy and Mandy clapped in time with Mike's smacks and Carol's
  squeals until he decided her bum was sore enough and his prick felt as if it
  would burst inside his trousers. Mandy helped her crying friend to her feet
  and led her to the bedroom. At first Mike and Judy watched as Carol lay in
  the sixty-nine position on top of Mandy and they made love to each other. Soon
  Mike laid Judy naked alongside them to relieve the tension in his loins.  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





