BDSM Library - While You Were Out




While You Were Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tina wakes to find some strange things going on. And the strangest of all is happening inside her very own head.
While You Were Out
By Couture
2005

I woke with a start.  The last thing I remembered was watching TV with my 
college roommate Ellen.   The holes in my memory were filled with brief 
flashes of images, perhaps they were dreams - dreams involving a pendant 
and Ellen's voice.

Now, here I was, no longer in the living room, but waking up in bed.  I 
relaxed as soon as I realized it was my own room - my own bed.  But, when 
I looked underneath the covers, my discovery left me feeling suddenly 
frightened and vulnerable.  I was stark naked -- and I never slept naked.  I 
always wore a T-shirt and panties.  

What had happened between last night and this morning?  Maybe Ellen would 
know.   

Ellen.  I wondered if she had seen me naked.  If she was the one who put me 
to bed, then she must have.  But why?  A joke maybe.  She was always one 
for playing practical jokes - at my expense.  She had short-sheeted my bed 
several times, put salt in the sugar bowl, and removed all the toilet paper 
from the bathroom.  The very worst was one night when she was filling her 
car up with gas, she sent me in to pay.  When I came back out, neither she 
nor her car were anywhere to be found.  It was in a bad part of town and I 
was terrified.  I was crying by the time she pulled up to the door.  She was 
parked at the side of the store with her lights off the whole time.  I was 
perfectly safe.  But still... 

But this joke, if it was a joke, left me feeling almost as uneasy as that night.  

One thing was for sure, I needed to find Ellen and get to the bottom of the 
mystery of my missing clothes and the missing hours last night.  But, first I 
had get out of bed and put some clothes on.

It was then I made another discovery.  All my drawers were empty except 
for my panty drawer and my sock drawer.  Only *my* panties weren't in my 
panty drawer. My comfortable cotton under things had all been replaced with 
lingerie, smaller and sheerer than anything I'd ever wear.  My sensible hose 
and socks had also been replaced with outlandish looking stockings and thigh 
highs.  My bras?  Gone.  Every last one.    

I shivered as goose bumps covered my body.  Maybe this was a very bad 
joke, or maybe I had woken up in the twilight zone.  Like one of those 
episodes where the victim wakes up in her room, but where everything else 
in the world is different.  Where everything and everyone are the exact 
opposite of how they should be.  All of a sudden, I desperately needed 
contact with someone familiar - even a mean-spirited roommate.

"Ellen!" I called.  "You've had your fun.  Now where are my clothes?"

By this time I hoped Ellen was behind this.  But where was she?  It wasn't 
like her to be up at this time of the morning.  She wasn't exactly what you 
would call motivated.  

I did the only thing I could.  I had to wear something, so I put on the items 
in my drawer.  A thong.   Butt-floss.  It felt like it was a size too small as it 
tightly hugged my sex and divided the cheeks of my bottom.  There were 
only two items in my closet.  A small pleated skirt and a white blouse.  
Having no other options available, I put them on and went to look for Ellen.  

The door to Ellen's bedroom was locked.  I beat on it for several minutes and 
called out her name, but there was no answer.  I peeked out the front 
window; her car wasn't in its park.  

Next, I did the only thing I could think of when all else fails.  I called home to 
mom.

"Hello?"

"Hi mom, it's me."

"Hi pumpkin. . .it's early."

Her voice was still groggy from sleep.

"I know," I said.  "I just wanted to hear your voice."

"Is there something wrong?"

I thought about telling her what had happened this morning, but I didn't 
want to worry her.  But maybe I should. . .

"Unh. ." Out of the blue, my fingers tweaked my nipple, and traveled down to 
my crotch.  

"What is it honey?"

"Ahhh," Of their own volition, my fingers found slipped into the tight confines 
of my panties and teased my clit.  "It's nothing."

"Come on honey.  You can tell me.  What is it?"

My God, I was playing with myself while my mother was on the phone.  What 
in the world was wrong with me?  It was so kinky - so forbidden - so wrong.  
And yet my sex was boiling hot.  

"It's nothing mom."  My fingers tweaked my nipples.  It was all I could do to 
suppress a moan.  Nothing mom, I woke up naked, all my clothes are gone, 
and now I'm masturbating while I'm talking to you on the phone.  

My fingers grew more insistent.  I could hear wet noises from my sex.  I 
*had* to get off the phone before she found out what I was doing.  Most of 
all - I needed to get off the phone so that I could *get off*.
  
"I was just - ahh"  Two finger pressed home into my sex.  I had to wait till 
they withdrew before I could talk again.  "I was just homesick and needed to 
hear your ah - voice."

"Oh- that's so sweet honey.  You've made my day.  Are you sure everything 
is okay?  Do you need money?  You know we don't have much but. . ."

My hand palmed my sex and squeezed.  I was only a hair's breath from 
orgasm.  

"Everything is fine mom.  It's - ah-  perfect." I said.  "I'll talk to you later, 
okay."

"Okay, bye sweetie."

"Bye mom."

I hung up the phone and my fingers gave my sex a squeeze before 
withdrawing.   God, what kind of pervert was I to be masturbating while 
talking to my own mother.  Was it because of the clothes I was wearing?  No, 
that was silly, but they did make me feel like a sinful little catholic schoolgirl.  
My wet gleaming digits still teased me.  

God - with my very own mother.  What was I thinking?  Suddenly, I needed 
a shower.  A cold shower.  I tore my fingers from beneath my panties and 
went to wash my sins away.  

If I couldn't find Ellen, I was going to have to go to school in that short skirt.  
Freshly shaven legs would be a necessity.  Thoughts of going out, of people 
seeing me in those clothes, had me in a bother.  I would be so vulnerable...so 
exposed.  I had never worn anything like them in my life.  I was a geek, 
plain and simple.  In grade school, they called me 'four-eyes'.  I was too poor 
to wear fashionable clothes like the other girls.  Too poor for contacts.  I was 
an outcast. 

It wasn't so bad.  Since I didn't have a social life, I threw myself into my 
studies.  I graduated at the top of my class, and I got a full scholarship to 
college.  For once it looked like I had real hope to change my lot in life.  
Hope that I would get a nice job, nice clothes, a good man, and a nice car.  
Once I had them, I would go back to my hometown.  They would all be 
positively green with envy over my success.

Then I thought of them seeing me in the outfit I selected from my closet.  
The boys lecherously looking at my hard nipples, with no bra, the shape of 
my pert breasts, visible through the tight blouse.   The girls looking at me, 
acting superior, and their noses wrinkled in disgust.  

My sex was hot and wet.  I reached up and tweaked my nipples, pulling and 
pinching them harder than usual.  I bit back a moan.  My fingers ran through 
the lips of my sex, touching my clit.  The feeling was electric.  

As I shaved my legs, I got this crazy idea in my head.  My pubes would show 
to each side of the small thong.  I lathered my sex with the shaving gel, and 
proceeded to give myself a trim - only due to the smaller cut of the panties 
of course.  Each pull of the razor through my short curly hair, sent a stab of 
pleasure deep in my sex.  It felt good, but I called it quits once I had the 
shaped a tight cornered triangle above my sex.  

I put up the razor, and then my hands came up and tweaked my nipples.  I 
was going to turn on the water to rinse away the lather, but instead my 
fingers tweaked my nipples again, pulling them out and twisting at the same 
time.  They were already hard from the cold water.   Now they were tight 
and throbbing.  

"Oh God," I gasped as pleasure turned to mild pain.  The pain grew from mild 
to uncomfortable.  Fuck I was hot. 

In a sexual haze, I picked the razor back up and shaved some more.  Each 
subtraction of hair left me more and more exposed - more and more 
vulnerable - more and more aroused  - until I had totally denuded my sex.  .  

I rinsed off and stared at my sex in disbelief.  It was bare . . . bald . . . 
completely nude.  I no longer looked like a grown woman, but a young girl.  
Worse, the razor had left my sex red and irritated.  My arousal left it swollen 
and thick. I stuck a finger down there and tried to bring myself off.  But, the 
more I tried, the clumsier my fingers became.   

Cold and horny, I finally gave up on achieving orgasm and got out of the 
shower to towel dry.  All my makeup was gone.  The only thing that 
remained was a pink tube of lip gloss, blue eye shadow, and blush for my 
cheeks.  I put my hair up in a pony tail and dressed.  My sensible shoes were 
also missing.   My only choices were red heels or black.  I chose black.  I put 
on a pair of white thigh-high stockings, topped with two small bows at the 
outside of each thigh.  

I looked in the mirror and gasped at my own reflection.  I was a Catholic 
schoolgirl gone bad.  Part innocent - part slut.  Half geek - half tart.  

I gave a small twirl, causing my pleated skirt to rise, flashing my panties and 
the cheeks of my bottom.  God it was daring.  My hardened nipples poked 
out obscenely through the thin white blouse.  I couldn't go to school like this.  
I dared not.  And yet I had to go to my class.  My fingers delved below my 
skirt and pushed the crotch of my panties into my hungry sex.  God, I was so 
aroused.  Yes, I could go to class.  I would just have to be careful - oh so 
very careful.  There would be no twirling in my short pleated skirt.  I would 
pray that it wasn't windy.

I grabbed my book bag and left the apartment to go catch the bus.  

I soon learned that there were other things to worry about besides twirling.  
As I walked up the steps to the bus, I heard whispers behind me.  

"Did you see that?"  "Wow, I don't think she's wearing panties."

My cheeks warmed in embarrassment.  It wasn't true.  I was wearing a 
thong, only they couldn't see it.  I grabbed the back of my skirt as quickly as 
I could and pressed it tightly to my backside to avoid further exposure.  
Every eye, both male and female leered at me and followed me to my seat.  
The back of the bus was nearly empty, so I sat there to avoid as many of the 
other students as I could.

My privacy didn't last long.  The seat next to me and in front of me was 
quickly filled by the boys who got on the bus behind me.  One of them had 
made the comment about me not wearing panties earlier.  I wondered which 
of them had seen my bare ass.  Maybe both of them.  I was mortified, yet I 
found myself squeezing my thighs together.  

"Hey, what's your name," one asked.

"Tina." I replied shyly.

"Have I seen you before?"

"Maybe."  They had seen me before.   They had ignored me almost all year 
until this very moment.  

"I'm Keith," said the boy sitting in front of me.

"And I'm Mike," said the one beside me.

"Hi Mike.  Hi Keith."  They were both very cute, but they only wanted one 
thing.  The one thing I promised myself long ago to wait for the right guy 
and the perfect moment.  Yet promise or no, I was wet and nervous, and 
they were very hunky.  My fingers fidgeted with the hem of my skirt.  They 
both kept looking at my chest and try to catch a peek beneath my skirt.

"Can I get your phone number?"

"I don't have one." I lied.

"You don't have a phone?"

"No."

"Yes you do."

"No I don't.  I live in a box."  This wasn't like me talk like this.  It felt 
liberating.  It was nice to have some attention for once.  It was nice not to be 
ignored.

"Mmm...I bet it's a tight box," he said.  "Tight and hot."

He wasn't even looking at my eyes, he was looking at my crotch, and being 
obvious about it.  My cheeks grew hotter as I followed his gaze to my pink 
panties, peeking from the bottom of my pleated skirt.  My bare sex was 
visible beneath the thin sheer fabric.  I quickly tugged my hem down and 
crossed my legs.  I was covered again, but not by much.  One false move 
and. . .

"That's a very crude thing to say," I said in an effort to take his eyes from 
my crotch.  

"Yeah Keith," Mike chimed in.  "That was crude."  To me:  "Don't mind him, 
he isn't very civilized.  I'm different."

I glanced down, this time my eyes wandering to Keith's crotch.  The outline 
of his swollen cock was visible through his baggy shorts.  "Yeah, sure you 
are."  

"So, would you like to go out somewhere tomorrow night?"

"It's a school night."

"So?"

"So I have to study for an exam."

"How about Friday?" 

His eyes were now glued to my chest.  I could feel my nipples harden under 
his gaze.  I crossed my legs the other way.  I couldn't seem to get 
comfortable.  "Where would we go?"

"Dinner and a movie."

"Okay, be at my box at 7:00"

"But you don't live in a box.  Come on Tina, what's your phone number?"

"755-5035," I said, making up a phone number.  "You got that?"

"Yes, 755-5035," he repeated, writing the number on his hand.

"No, 755-9039," I said, giving another fake number.

"Okay, I got it."

"Oh, I'm sorry, that was my old number," I said.  Perfect timing, the bus had 
stopped at school, and was now letting everyone off.  "Sorry guys, I'm late 
for class.  Call me."

As I tried to squeeze past Keith, he picked that exact moment to stand.  I 
was trapped between the seat in front and his hips against my rear - his hard 
cock pressed between the cheeks of my bottom.   I was suddenly overcome 
with panic.   I squirmed in fear, and began to climb out overtop the seat in 
front, regardless of my exposure.

"Hey," Keith said.  "Take it easy."

He moved aside and I fled down the aisle of the bus.

"Wow," one of them said.

"Prick tease," said the other, as I hastily retreated.

My panic calmed as I walked to class.  I could feel the hem of my skirt swish 
against my thighs with every step.  Air blew beneath my short skirt on my 
naked ass, cooling the crotch of my damp panties.  My bare nipples stuck out 
from my blouse like dark raspberries.  My heels clacked with every step, 
drawing attention to my display.  I grew so aroused I could barely walk.  
'Tease' he called me.  Something about that word sent shivers down my 
spine. 'Prick tease' I pressed my thighs together.  God, I was so wet.  

It was true; I had teased those boys mercilessly.  I had never done such a 
thing before, and yet, and yet, I enjoyed it.  It turned me on.  What was 
happening to me?  What was I turning into?  I vowed not to do it anymore.  

It was harder than I imagined.  It's like telling someone, "Don't think of an 
elephant."  How can they not?  I had the same problem throughout the day.  
I caught myself toying with the hem of my skirt, so I pulled my hands away.  
The next thing I knew, they were toying with the bows at the top of my 
stockings.  Or the buttons of my blouse.  Was it my imagination, or did my 
ass have a little more wiggle?

By lunch, I was in a real state.  My body was alive with so many new 
sensations.  The teasing.  The stares.  Even my own thighs squeezing 
together.  The thong had worked itself into a permanent wedgie.  The crotch 
was soaked by my excitement.  By lunch, I couldn't take it anymore and 
hurried to the bathroom for relief.

I had never dared do such a thing before.  To be in a public place, even 
behind a locked door, it was still possible for someone to see, to catch me in 
the act.  But, by then, I didn't care.  I was desperate for sexual relief.  

I secured the door to the stall, and hung my backpack there on the hook.  I 
squatted on the commode and thrust one hand into my panties, the other 
toyed with my nipples through my thin blouse.  Oh so good.  I bit my lip to 
suppress a moan.  My outlaw fingertip made a circle around my moist 
swollen clit, traveled to my wet hole, toyed with the opening for bit, and then 
withdrew.  My other hand pulled at my hard nipples, making them stick out 
obscenely through my sheer blouse.  The sensation was almost too much for 
my overly sensitized nipples.  

It was then I knew something was very wrong.  My fingers should have been 
working my button, rushing me to orgasm, as they had done many times 
before.  Instead it was as if they had a mind of their own.  One hand teasing 
me, the other toying with my nipples in rough, almost painful manner.  

I gave my hand an order.  Circle-circle-circle-right over my clit-fuck make me 
come.  Despite my order, it followed its own script.  My finger slipped easily 
into the opening of my gushing wet sex and then withdrew, no matter how 
hard I concentrated on keeping it there, thrusting inside of me.  Then it 
moved to my face and tried to force its way into my mouth. 

'No' I commanded it.  'Stop.  Go back down.  Fuck me.  Make me cum.'

A painful pull on my nipples caused me to gasp.  My finger plunged into my 
mouth.  I tasted my sex for the first time.  

What was wrong with me?  I didn't have control over my body anymore, and 
it scared the hell out of me.  I quickly slid my panties up and did my best to 
get myself together.  I needed to get home - immediately.  

Something was wrong.  I didn't do things like this.  Not on the phone with 
my mom, and not like I behaved on the bus.  Whatever was wrong, I wasn't 
going to learn what was happening by fooling around with myself in the 
restroom.    Once I found out from Ellen what happened to my clothes, I felt 
certain I would be able to determine what had happened to my body...and 
my mind.

***********

I was relieved when I saw Ellen's car in our apartment parking lot.  She was 
on the sofa, drinking beer and eating popcorn, while watching TV.  She saw 
me and grinned.

"Hey Tina," she giggled, checking me out from top to bottom.  "Nice 
threads."

"Very funny Ellen," I said.  "Where are my clothes?"

"Goodwill."

"I'm serious Ellen.  Where are they?"

"They are seriously at the Goodwill store."

"Give them back," I threatened.  "Or I'm going to take yours."

"You look cute," she said.  "Better than I expected.  But I don't like the pony 
tail.  Pigtails would have looked adorable."

I felt myself blush at her comments.  However, I knew I should be furious for 
what she had done, instead of worrying over some stupid half compliment.  

"You don't think I'll do it?"  I warned.  This conversation was getting 
nowhere.  I turned to go raid her closet and make my point with her clothes.  
I'd burn them if I had to.  "Watch me."

"Stop," she barked.  "Now go put your hair in pigtails.  *That's an order*."

"Fuck you."  I felt a sharp pain.  First, on my bottom, and then my breast. 

"Ow!  Ow" I danced to get away from what felt to be stinging bees, but they 
didn't cease.  I looked down in horror.  They weren't bees, but my very own 
fingers.  Pinching me again and again of their on volition.  "Ow - ow -fuck!" I 
continued to dance ineffectually.

"The only way to make it stop is to put your hair in pigtails."

I couldn't think due to the pain in my bottom and breasts.  She had me.  I 
had no choice but to obey.  I spun quickly, causing my skirt to twirl up, 
exposing naked flesh for my pinching fingers.  

"Stop," she said, before I could leave the room. 

I froze in place.

"Turn around."

"Good girl," she said, still smiling smugly.  "Now curtsey and say, 'Yes, 
ma'am,' before you leave the room."

I summoned up all the willpower I possessed.  "No!" I screamed.  "Fuck you 
Ellen."

"That's an order missy."

"No-no-no-no" I cried.  My fingers pinched and pinched; the pain growing 
from mild discomfort to outright pain.  "Please Ellen. . .I'm begging you. This 
isn't right."

Ellen smiled without a hint of compassion.  

I clasped the hem of my skirt, raised it slightly, bent at the knees, and 
surrendered.  "Yes, ma'am."

"Again," Ellen said.  "But bend deeper and raise your skirt higher."

It was awkward bending at the knees wearing high heels, but I managed.  I 
raised my skirt, exposing my tight-tiny panties.  The constant teasing 
throughout the day had left the crotch stained from my arousal.  I felt my 
cheeks burn with humiliation.

"Good girl.  Always do that when you leave or come in my presence.  Now go 
put in your pigtails.   And bring that wooden hairbrush back with you," she 
added.

I went to my bedroom, pulled the elastic band from the back of my hair, and 
shook out my pony tail.  What was happening to me?  It should be 
impossible.  It was as if I were under some sort of spell.  Only there was no 
such thing as witchcraft, was there?

My traitorous fingers gave my bottom a pinch in warning.  I hurried to follow 
Ellen's instructions, and put my hair in pigtails.  My attention was drawn to 
the wooden hairbrush on my dresser.  She had asked that I bring it back 
with me.  What was it doing on my dresser?  Like the clothes, and the pink 
ribbons in my hair, it wasn't mine.  I picked it up, summoned whatever 
remained of my courage, and returned to the living room.

Ellen looked up at me and smiled as I entered the room.  I reached down and 
took the hem of my skirt, lifted, bent down at my knees, glared at her with 
pure unadulterated hatred, and curtseyed.

"Oh, aren't you just too precious," she said mockingly.

"What's happening to me?" 

"You were always the smart one Tina," Ellen said.  "Why don't you tell me 
what you know so far?"

"Well," I began.  Yes, it would do me good to examine my symptoms again; 
especially now that my hands were under control again.  Maybe I could even 
ascertain the cause myself, now that I had additional information.  "All my 
clothes were missing this morning.  I had to wear this outfit that I would 
never wear in a million years."

"And why wouldn't you wear an outfit like that?"

"It's too small."  My fingers twisted the hem of my skirt.  "It's too revealing."  
My panties and bottom were almost constantly in danger of being exposed.  
"And I need a bra."

"And is that the only reason?"

I felt my cheeks burn hot.  My pussy - oh God what was happening to me? 
My pussy was positively gushing with pleasure - begging for attention.

"It's humiliating Ellen.  I - I look like a little girl."  Oh God it was all coming 
out now, there was no stopping once I started.  "I look like a little girl trying 
to flaunt what she doesn't have."

Ellen stood up and circled me.  I felt like an antelope being sized up by a 
hungry tiger.  She took the brush from my hand, and used it to trace the 
hem of my short skirt as she circled me.

"I know," she said.  "Isn't it delicious?"

It wasn't delicious, it was positively mortifying.

"You have the tightest little body, my little tease toy," Ellen said.  "Such long 
skinny legs.  Such a tight little ass.  Adorable little breasts capped by thick 
puffy nipples.  Beautiful green eyes and a heart shaped mouth."  

I felt absolutely naked.  Even more naked than naked-if such a thing were 
possible.  My cheeks were hot, almost as hot as my sex.  Through sheer 
force of will, I stopped myself from another curtsey.

"What else have you noticed little tease toy?" 

How do you tell a person you're not to be conquered?  In the books I had 
read, this was where the heroine would say, 'You will never win.  You will 
never conquer me.  I will never submit.'  I tried to say these things.  Lord 
knows I tried.  Instead I stared at the floor and pointed my toes together like 
an errant girl.

"I order you to tell me."

"My fingers have a mind of their own," I admitted.  "They - they punish me 
when I disobey you."

"Anything else?"  She caught my eyes.  I saw a wicked smile of recognition.   
She knew.  And she knew that I knew.

My traitorous fingers.   Damnable digits.  Pinching me.  Poking me.  My own 
body forcing me to reveal my darkest secrets.  

"Ouch!  I can't.  I can't seem to. . ." I couldn't finish.

"Can't seem to what?"

God she was going to make me say it.  If not her, then my pinching fingers.

"I can't seem to finish myself off," I hissed through clinched lips.

She laughed at my distress.  She thought it was hilarious.  

"Anything else?" she asked.

No, I couldn't think of anything.  I shook my head in response.  

"Do you know who did this to you?"

I nodded.  That I knew.

"Who?"

"I don't know how, but I think you must have done it."

"Very good," Ellen said.  "Do you know what I did?"

"I don't know.  Maybe I'm on drugs.  Maybe this is a dream?"  God, if only it 
could be a dream. 

"Do you want to pinch yourself to see?"

I shook my head.  I had already involuntarily done that about a hundred 
times already.  I was most assuredly awake.  

"Do you remember when I hypnotized you, two weeks ago?"

"You tried to hypnotize me," I said.  "But nothing happened.  I was awake 
the whole . . ." And then it began to dawn on me.  Suddenly everything 
made sense.

"You were saying?"

"You did it.  You hypnotized me."

"That's right.  You don't remember it, but you made a great chicken and an 
even better dog.  It was when I hypnotized you to think you were dog and 
you were lapping water from a bowl on the floor that I realized I could make 
you do anything . . . absolutely anything I wanted.  And the thought - the 
power - turned me on more than I ever imagined.  

"There was only one thing that was disappointing - you weren't really aware 
of the things you were doing."

"After that it became easy.  I gave you a post-hypnotic suggestion to forget 
everything and another to let me put you under again.  I've been putting you 
under for almost a week now.  While you were out, I've made good friends 
with your subconscious mind.  It's going to help me have so much fun with 
you.  And the best part - this time, you are going to be aware of everything I 
do to you.

"You bitch!"  I had finally had enough.  I grabbed her by her wrists, and spun 
her around.  "You're going to undo whatever you've done to me."

"Naughty girl." Ellen scolded.  

My hands let her go.  Instead of slapping her, I took my nipples between my 
thumbs and forefingers and began to twist and pull, tweaking them painfully.

"Ouch!  Stop - stop - oh please make them stop!"

"Are you going to be a good little girl?"

"Yes!"

"Another curtsey please," she said.  "And say, 'yes ma'am,' when I give you 
an order."

"Ow-ow-yes ma'am."  I bobbed in a quick curtsey.  

"That's my good girl."  

My fingers stopped pinching.  

"As you can see," Ellen said.  "If you fail to carry out an order - you will be 
punished.  Disobedience will be punished quite harshly."

"Now take off your top.  That's an order."

"Please Ellen. . ." I begged.  But it was useless.  My fingers pinched my 
already sore bottom.  I took off my blouse, leaving me standing half naked in 
front of my evil bitch of a roommate.

"Such cute little titties," Ellen said.  "What size are they?"

"32 B."  My fingers sought out my nipples and pinched.  

"You will also be punished if you try to lie to me."

"Ouch . . . 32A," I corrected before they could pinch me again.

"So small," Ellen smiled.  "Much too small for a bra.  Besides, we don't want 
anything to get in the way of those pinching fingers, now do we?"

I blushed at the thought of being put on display in such a manner.  Today 
had been terrifying and mortifying.  I shivered at the thought of it happening 
every day.

Ellen took the handle of the brush and traced it up my chest until she 
reached my slightly bruised and inflamed breasts.

"Your nipples are really puffy from all of your pinching," Ellen said.  "And you 
are blushing from your cheeks to your stomach.  So fucking sexy."

I could feel myself blush even more.  My hands wouldn't keep still.  They 
smoothed the back of my skirt.  They toyed with my hem.  They twirled my 
pigtails.  God, how I hated her for what she did to me, and yet there I was 
flirting with her.  

"Let me tell you what else I've done.  You can't help flirting with people.  You 
become aroused when they compliment or otherwise pay attention to you."

"And yet, if someone tries to touch you or get close to you, you will become 
panicked or terrified,' Ellen laughed.  "You can only tease - you aren't 
allowed to please."

That was exactly what happened with the boys on the bus.  Oh God, she was 
evil -- she was truly evil.

"Something else you might want to keep in mind my little toy," Ellen said.  "I 
wouldn't try to tell anyone what has happened if I were you.  The results 
could be extremely embarrassing.  

I thought back to what happened earlier that day; my fingers masturbating 
me for even thinking of telling my mother.  Thank heavens I was on the 
phone and not in person when it happened.

"And the best part, my little tease toy," Ellen continued.  "The coup de grace.

"You'll tease other people, but you will tease yourself most of all.  You can try 
to give yourself an orgasm, but you will find that your fingers are quite - 
shall we say--uncooperative."

Oh God, I was in hell.  "No. . . oh God Ellen.  Please have mercy," I begged.

"There is a bright side to your situation," Ellen said.  "Even though no one 
else can touch you . . . I can."  

She reached between my thighs and cupped my sex.  I instinctively grabbed 
her wrist to stop her, but my resistance was weak and the day had been too 
long.  I was horny and had been aroused continuously.  Her fingers drove the 
crotch of my panties into the groove of my nether lips.  Soon, I was holding 
her arm for support, while my hips pumped in time with her hand.

"You want it don't you, slut?"

"Don't do this to me," I breathed.  ". . . please."  Despite my anger towards 
her, I wanted it so bad it hurt.

She withdrew her hand and pressed my own between my legs.  "You do it 
this time.  Rub yourself off for me."

I wished I could say that I told her no.  I didn't.  I shyly slipped my fingers 
beneath my panties, and tried.  Oh, I tried so hard.  But try as I might, I 
couldn't get my hand to obey.  It teased me unremittingly, making my knees 
buckle, making me gyrate, making me dance, all under the watchful eye of 
my sadistic roommate.

This time when Ellen reached between my legs, I didn't resist.  

"You want it don't you, slut?" she asked again.

"Yes," I moaned.  "Oh God - yes."

I melted to her touch.  Her fingers touched me in all the right places.  I felt 
my orgasm begin to rise.

"No-no-no," Ellen said mockingly as she withdrew her hand.  "You'll be doing 
a lot of new chores before you earn one of those.  A lot of chores."

She took me by the hand and led me to a chair.  "I want you to lie over my 
lap."

"Why?"

"You called me a bitch earlier," she said casually.  "So I'm going to spank 
you."

"Ellen. . ." I whined.  "Please. . ."

"Don't make me order you."

I complied, draping myself over her lap.  Ellen helped me into position.  My 
feet were touching the ground, so were my hands. My bottom was raised into 
the air, supported on Ellen's thighs.  I waited with dread as she pulled my 
skirt out of the way and touched my bare bottom.

"Raise your hips."

"Why?"

"Naughty girls get spanked on their bare bottom."

"It is bare."  I was only wearing a thong.

"Raise," she commanded.

I reluctantly obeyed; humiliated beyond belief as she tugged my panties 
down to my knees.  She would see everything.

"You're shaved," she stated.  I flinched as the sharp bristles touched the 
delicate skin of my sex.

"I like it," Ellen said.  "So virginal - and yet so obscenely exposed.  I expect 
you to keep your pussy like this - always."

"Please Ellen," I begged.  "Please don't do this.  I'll do anything.  I'll pay 
anything."

"I know.  You will do anything.  You'll cook.  You'll clean.  You'll iron my 
clothes.  You'll polish my shoes.  With your tongue if I want you to.  Oh the 
things you will do," she said, and continued her examination despite my 
protests.  "Your cunt is soaked.  You love this, don't you slut?"

"No."

With a loud smack, the flat of the hairbrush landed on my ass.  It caught me 
totally unprepared.  

"You're a little slut, aren't you Tina."

"No!"

"A teasing little tramp, aren't you?"  She spanked me again.

"No!" My ass burned like fire.

And on it went.  Question after question.  Was I a slut?  A tramp?  A 
conniving little whore.  A dirty dyke.  A slutty slave.  I kicked and bucked, 
answered no, and then refused to answer.  She kept on, punctuating each 
question with a blow to my tender bottom.  Finally, I began to cry, hung 
limply in her lap, and admitted defeat.  "Yes!" I finally answered in 
surrender.

"Yes, what?" Ellen asked.  "That you are a cock tease or a queer bait?"

"Both. . ." I felt it was the safest answer.

Her hand felt cold and soothing on my burning ass.  

"A conniving whore?"

"Yes."

"You are so wet, you are dripping on my legs," Ellen said.  "You are a slut.  
You know that, don't you?  Only a slut would get off being treated like this."

"Yes," I admitted.  

"And that is why you let me hypnotize you.  Isn't that right?  They say that 
even if you are hypnotized, you don't do anything you don't want to.  Deep 
inside you want to be my slave.  Deep inside. . . you are pure slut."

"It's not true."  But I knew in my heart that it was, and I hated myself for it.

Her finger dipped into my sex.  I didn't flinch.  I felt myself moan and push 
back, giving myself to her.  But, Ellen had no intention of playing by my 
rules.  She stopped just short of my opening and teased it before 
withdrawing.  

"Have you ever taken a cock here?" she asked.

"No."  God, she knew another secret.  I could never have another secret from 
her.  My own fingers would see to it.

"Well you won't miss what you've never had."

"Oh please no. . ." I begged, my past flashing before my eyes.  I wasn't the 
prettiest girl in the world, but there had been offers.  I had turned them all 
down.  Saving myself for that special night and that special someone.

I felt her separate the cheeks of my bottom.  A fingertip touched the opening 
to my ass.  I tried to escape her curious finger, but couldn't.  "I bet not even 
one finger in here, am I right?"

"Yes, y-you're right."  I would never do such a thing.  

"One day," Ellen said.  "It may come sooner than you imagine.  One day you 
will beg for me to stick something up that tight ass of yours.

I wouldn't.  Never.

"Get down bitch," Ellen pushed me off her lap and onto the floor.  "Kneel 
down where you belong."

I watched in horror as she hiked up her skirt slipped her panties off.  I could 
see where this was leading.  

"Tina," Ellen spread her thick muscular thighs.  "Meet Miss Pussy," she said 
pointing down to her own blonde bush.  "Miss Pussy, this is teasing Tina."

"Tina, say hi to Miss Pussy."

I shook my head.  No way.  No fucking way.

"Oh come on.  Say hi.  What will it hurt?"

"No."

"You are being very rude to Miss Pussy," Ellen continued.  Her sex was 
covered with sandy brown curls.  Possessing more self confidence than I ever 
had, she spread her full pink lips between her fingers.  Her fluids gleamed 
and ran from the dark opening of her sex down to the crack of her bottom.

My hands once again took on a life of their own.  They touched me.  They 
teased me.  Glistening pussy soaked fingers attempting to push into my 
mouth.

"Please don't do this," I begged one final time.  "I'm not gay."

"I'm not either," said Ellen.  "But Miss Pussy?  Miss Pussy much cares one 
way or the other.  And it's a good thing for you, because if it were up to me, 
I'd never let you come again.  But, Miss Pussy?  Miss Pussy just might.  I 
think the world of Miss Pussy.  If she asked me to do a favor for a good 
friend of hers . . ." Ellen shrugged her shoulders, and tucked back her blonde 
bangs back behind her ear.  "Who knows?"

My fingers were driving me to the brink.  Driving me to distraction.  I 
yearned.  I *needed*.  I was so close, and yet they would always stop me 
just short.  Leaving me dangling on the brink.

Another part of my soul surrendered.  I looked from Ellen's sex, to her 
hungry gray eyes, and then back to her sex.  Her lips were upturned at the 
corners, part smile, part sneer.  She sat there - waiting.

I moved in to lick her.  To become a lesbian.

Ellen closed her legs.  "That's very rude.  Miss Pussy doesn't even know you.  
Introduce yourself first."

Dear Lord, what perversions did Ellen have in store for me? 

"Hi - hi Miss P-pussy," I stammered.  "My name is Tina."  I felt so stupid.  I 
was dying inside.  My heart hammered in my chest.

"Tell her she's pretty."

I looked to Ellen for sympathy.  

"Don't look at me," she sneered.  "Look down there - *and ask her*."

My gaze fell down to her pink spread lips.  "You- you're very pretty Miss 
Pussy."  Was it just my imagination, or did Ellen's sex clench in response to 
my statement?

"Ask her if you can be her friend."

This had gone too far, but I couldn't stop.  It was as if I was a new girl in 
school, forced by the teacher to introduce myself at the front of the class.  
The desires unleashed in my sex pushed me to do anything Ellen wanted.

"May I be your friend?" I begged.

"What kind of friend?" she teased.

I bent forward, so close to her sex, I could see the small chill bumps that 
covered her skin.  Her blonde curls matted and wet with desire.  Leaning 
closer, I gently kissed her.  I kissed a pussy for the first time ever.  I was 
afraid of gagging - of retching - but it wasn't bad.  It wasn't bad at all.  

"Oh, a kissing friend," Ellen moaned.  She grabbed me by my pigtails and 
pulled me against her sex.  "Ah - Miss Pussy likes that very - very much.

 "Oh fuck - this is so fucking hot," Ellen gasped.  "You two are going to be 
spending a lot of time together.  Yes, my little tease toy, you and Miss Pussy 
are going to be best friends."

I kissed her again.  This time, I stuck out my tongue and snaked it into 
Ellen's very wet sex.  I had no idea what to do at first.  Whether to stick it 
inside her or to lick her nubbin.  However, I didn't have to wonder long, she 
soon took control, pulling my pigtails, steering me first one way and then the 
other.  Crudely ordering me to suck her clit, lick her cunt, drink her come.  

 At first, I just wanted to get my distasteful task over with.  However, as I 
pleasured my roommate's pussy, my own fingers were busy with my own 
sex.  They teased me to a frenzy, and kept me on the brink of orgasm, while 
never allowing me to reach climax.  I moaned in frustration and sexual need.  
Soon, driven by my fingers and sexual desperation, I began to lick and suck 
at Ellen's gushing sex with lewd abandon.  

"That's it," Ellen said.  "Lick it.  Lick it, you cunt hungry queer."

I was dismayed at the realization that to Ellen or anyone watching, I would 
appear to be eager participant, instead of an unwilling puppet, but by this 
point, I was to far gone to stop.

I pulled my head briefly and gasped for a breath of air.  It was heavy from 
the smell of Ellen's musk.  "Why are you doing this to me?" I implored, 
before she pulled me back to duty.

Her hips bucked against my face.  My head was trapped between her thick 
muscular thighs.  The sound of my licking was almost all I could hear.  But 
listening closely, I could hear the sounds of her moaning - Ellen was coming 
...coming and snarling, "Because I can Tina - because I fucking can. . ."

The End

Thanks to Colly for the editing.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





