BDSM Library - The Initiation




The Initiation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a light story about lesbian sex at a boarding school. Not a BDSM story but lightly romantic.Initiation  
As Melissa opened the dorm door she was disappointed to see Jess's head bent
  over her books at the desk. She had been feeling horny all day and was hoping
  for a little privacy in the empty dormitory.  
"Hi Jess, why didn't you go to the cinema with the rest of the dorm?" Melissa
  asked, the fair-haired girl hiding her feelings.  
"I wanted to get this prep finished, Miss Lawrence wants it in first thing
  on Monday, and I am finding it really difficult"  
Resigning herself to the fact that she would not get the dorm to herself,
  she asked  
"What is the subject, do you need some help?" a blush spread over Jess's
  face,  
"Biology, human reproduction: it just makes me squirm when I think about
  IT, everyone is always talking about it, yet, IT frightens me. It looks so
  painful and the noises they make!" Jess looked genuinely upset.  
Melissa perched on the desk to face the younger girl, there was only a small
  age gap between them, Jess being just sixteen and Melissa turning eighteen
  at the end of the year, but experience meant that the gap seemed huge. Looking
  down into Jess's pretty tanned face: with her clear blue eyes, small delicate
  mouth, and the golden hair, she was a complete contrast to Melissa who had
  long dark raven hair and deep brown eyes and ivory skin, suddenly she was filled
  with an overwhelming sense of fun.  
"Do you want to know what IT feels like?" she asked the younger girl, "My
  cousin stayed last Christmas holiday, we had a couple of drinks and tried it,
  IT was great fun!"  
Jess's eyes widened! "What is IT like?"  
"Well, IT is sort of painful and quick the first time, you wonder what all
  the fuss is about, but then it gets better" Jess looked up sharply, her light
  blonde hair catching the light as her head moved,  
"IT hurts?" she was alarmed, her blue eyes widening.  
Melissa stood behind Jess, wrapping her arms round the younger girl, "IT
  isn't too painful the first time, especially when you get yourself ready"  
"What do you mean?" Jess turned round to face Melissa, frowning in confusion.  
"Well play with yourself a little" then seeing Jess's look of confusion added, "Do
  you really want to know what IT is like?" Melissa stared directly into Jess's
  eyes, her brown eyes so dark Jess could see her face reflected in them. The
  air was tense with expectation, Jess knew the question was loaded, but could
  not quite make out Melissa's intention; yet they were closer than sisters,
  having spent many summer holidays together. In the end it came down to trust,
  Melissa had always led the way, and now she was proposing another adventure.  
"Yes, I want to know, all the girls in my class have done IT, and I am feeling
  left out" Jess replied; casting her eyes down. Melissa placed her fingers under
  Jess's chin, lifting her head.  
"Well, first they kiss you like this" Melissa whispered, rapidly moving forward
  to kiss Jess with a chase peck, barely grazing the girl's lips. Jess was shocked,
  but was given no opportunity to speak before Melissa lent forward for a second
  time.  
"Then it is more like this" she kissed Jess again, this time manoeuvring
  her lips to gradually open the mouth of the younger girl. Melissa felt a thrill
  of surprise at how soft the lips were compared with the hard bristled skin
  of her boyfriend: Jess's mouth seemed so soft, pliable. A few moments passed
  and she then released the younger girl.  
Jess sat in shock, she could not believe what had happened, but the second
  kiss had begun to stir breathlessness in her, and her heart was fluttering.  
Melissa turned Jess to face the mirror once more, brushed the long blond
  hair over Jess's left shoulder, and began to nibble along the right side of
  her neck, exerting a light pinch with her lips, encouraged as the younger girl
  moved her head to the left in order to offer her neck fully. Jess's eyes closed,
  and she began to feel just like a cat when it is stroked, she was lost in the
  joy of the touch, her body stirring as if coming alive for the first time.
  She forgot her fear, and relaxed.  
Melissa moved her arms around Jess, reaching for her soft nipples under the
  little nightdress, finding her target; she massaged the little buds gently
  bringing them alive. Jess, leant against Melissa, awash with the wonderful
  sensations flowing over her body. Melissa softly kissed Jess just below her
  ear, then softly whispered  
"Shall we get a little more comfortable?"  
Jess raised herself from the stool, and moved towards her bed, removing the
  short nightdress in the process. She lay back, naked, her brown skin a contrast
  to Melissa's ivory white and lifted her hand in invitation, a smile across
  her face.  
Melissa approached Jess, planting another kiss on Jess's pink lips, working
  her tongue slowly into the younger girl's mouth, and twirling her tongue with
  Jess's. She then moved down Jess's neck, nipping the younger girls flesh with
  her lips, moving past the collar bone, and coming to rest on a pale pink nipple.
  Melissa had never kissed a girl's nipple before and marvelled at the malleability
  of the skin once again, the areole was soft behind the nub, and she circled
  it with her tongue, eventually sucking the nipple in her mouth. She toyed with
  the bud, and circled her tongue round the areole, then gently flicked the nipple
  with her tongue, all the while keeping up the pressure by forming a seal with
  her lips.  
Jess lay back, sinking into the bed, as Melissa toyed with her nipple, arching
  her back slightly to meet the older girl's mouth. She could not remember feeling
  so wonderful, so complete. It did not feel wrong at all, but an extension of
  their friendship forged over many years.  
Melissa kept toying with Jess's nipple and began to stroke Jess's leg with
  her right hand, gently circling the soft skin, so much smoother to the touch
  than a man's skin. Gradually running circles along Jess's inner thigh, until,
  in response to the gentle teasing, the younger girl opened her legs and slightly
  raised her hips in invitation.  
Looking down Jess's body, Melissa could see the proud outline of the pelvic
  bone; she continued circling softly with her fingers, getting closer to the
  light downy hair that was barely covering Jess's mound, eventually brushing
  the little soft warm crease. After a few moments of grazing the crease, she
  heard Jess murmur and then open her legs wider. Melissa felt a surge of triumph;
  Jess was enjoying her ministrations and wanted more. This seemed to Melissa
  far more sensual than the frenzied fumbling with her boyfriend, who seemed
  to just be in a hurry to get it in!  
She let the nipple slip from her lips and moved to kneel at the end of the
  bed, laying herself between Jess's legs: observing the pinkness of the younger
  girls pussy, as it opened itself like a flower before her, gently glistening
  with Jess's excitement.  
Melissa felt a momentary hesitation, she knew what felt good for herself,
  but would it be the same for Jess? She knew the younger girl was in a dream
  and did not want to spoil it. Aware that seconds had passed, she decided she
  could hesitate no longer.  
She grazed the crease gently with her tongue; Jess moaned again opening her
  legs invitingly. Encouraged, Melissa licked the inner lips, tasting the sweet
  dryness of Jess's pussy. She toyed with the inner lips running her tongue softly
  up and down the entire length, and then gradually working towards the tip.
  Her tongue felt the little nub of the younger girl's clit, and Melissa felt
  Jess jump as she continued to tease the core of her femininity.  
Jess lay back and watched bright stars flick across her eyelids, while her
  brain became light with the sensations, as if a small hurricane swirled in
  her head.  
Leaning forward, Melissa encircled the clit with her lips, and like she had
  done earlier with her nipple, she kept the pressure on the clit by sucking
  gently, and then slowly and lightly brushing the clit with the tip of her tongue.  
Jess shifted beneath her, and Melissa had to concentrate to keep up the pressure
  on the clit, as she began to circle her hips. She felt Jess's legs tense, followed
  by the ring of muscles around the younger girls pussy, Melissa knew Jess was
  getting close. She intensified the strokes of her tongue, sucking in air through
  her nose, determined to see the incident through. Suddenly she felt Jess tense
  up and then remain still, Melissa gave another two or three strokes with her
  tongue, and felt Jess totally relax her legs, as her pussy twitched against
  the older girls chin.  
Melissa stopped her tongue, knowing how sensitive the clit becomes after
  climax, and gradually reduced the pressure on Jess's pussy.  
Jess lay back, feeling the blood pumping round her body, and letting the
  flashing lights subside under her eyelids. A sigh escaped her body, and she
  felt an overwhelming sense of well being and relaxation &ndash; all she wanted
  to do was to curl up and sleep.  
"So what do you think of IT now" Melissa whispered softly in Jess's ear.  
"Wonderful!" sighed Jess and she turned to plant a kiss on Melissa's lips, "Thank
  you!" she said, licking the sweet dryness that had been transferred from Melissa's
  lips.  
Melissa covered the younger girl tenderly with the duvet, with a sense of
  triumph - boy she was good!  
Scarlet
        Submission  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scarlet Submission


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





