BDSM Library - Grace's Hard Lessons




Grace's Hard Lessons
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young office executive steals from her company and is discovered by a male co-worker who uses this to blackmail her. He humiliates and uses her in the office, tricks her into signing up for a compromising photography shoot, and arranges for her to be subjected to more and more humiliating situations and acts of submission.
Grace's Hard Lessons(M+/F, nc, humiliation, coercion)
=====================================================
By Dark Avenger

Based on the unfinished story Janet's Hard Lessons by James Dawson, this is 
a tale containing themes of non-consensual sex where attractive women, 
innocent or otherwise, are forced into circumstances where they are taken 
advantage of by men. If you are under-aged or find such themes offensive, 
go no further. Please send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter One

Grace looked at the tape in shock. There she was, changing the numbers on the account transfer 
slip. It was caught on tape. She looked up at Royston, her face pale. 

"You wouldn't have been caught if you haven't been so greedy, Grace," the executive in his 
mid-thirties said. 

"Nobody noticed anything the first three times you stole money from the company," he continued 
quietly. "The numbers, however, did not match up when I checked the report, and that's when I 
suspected you. Obviously relocating the security camera to point at your desk, helped to catch you 
red-handed."

Grace felt completely drained. After getting away with it those first three times, she had thought 
that it was so easy, and it had been. She had earned herself to a position in that part of the 
company where nobody would normally question her as to what she was doing. Until she got 
carried away that is, and if it hadn't been for that most irritating Royston, what she had done 
would probably have gone unnoticed.

Royston had been both simultaneously a suitor as well as a rival.  While he was more senior in the 
company than she was, Grace was trusted by her department head and generally the other 
department heads had a favorable impression of her.

Royston, like many men in the office, was attracted to the confident and sexy Grace. When it was 
clear she was not in the least bit interested in him, Royston began to become jealous of her 
popularity in the office, and the fact that the department head thought she was capable, perhaps 
more capable than him. It was with much glee when he finally found her weakness, the thing that 
would completely destroy her and her standing in the company. And it was all up to him now.

"You spied on me.." Grace said as she stared at Royston, her voice trembling, but she wasn't sure 
if her tone was accusing or one of surrender, a child whose hand has been caught stealing from the 
cookie jar.

"Yes, and I'm sure Mr Shih and the directors will be glad that I did. Otherwise we would never 
have found out what a thieving bitch you are," he stated, smirking at the finely dressed lady who 
was a good seven to eight years younger than he was. 

Grace's face flinched slightly at the derogatory term, but did not speak. Grace was the fashionista 
in the office, always immaculately made-up in her expensive Japanese cosmetics, and dressed up 
in designer clothing.  Combined with her extremely slim, almost petite body, porcelain clear 
complexion, baby-doll facial features and short hair, many men in the office stumble like teenage 
boys trying to go out of their way to help her. 

Grace already knew from the start of her career what she wanted out of this male-dominated 
industry, and she knew how to get it.  With the toss of her head, her wink, her tone of voice, or an 
innocent touch to the other person's arm during mid-conversation, she could get many things 
done by her gentle flirtations. She was cool and sassy in the office, yet 'untouchable', driving 
many men who could not get to her to the brink of frustration.

But now Royston had her. "I will be informing Mr Shih and the directors tomorrow morning," he 
said, closing his file, breaking Grace's inner thoughts.

"And the police will be notified of course, according to company policy. Four charges of 
embezzlement and fraud I believe."

Grace felt helpless, and she fought tears back as her world came crashing down. She could not 
bear the thought of going to jail for this. "Please don't...." she pleaded, "I'll - I'll pay everything 
back.."

The tears ran down her cheek, but Grace knew she could not get out of this one that easily. How 
could she have been so stupid? 

Royston smiled. "Even if you could pay back one hundred and eighty thousand dollars tomorrow, 
why should the company drop the criminal charges against you? It would be sending the wrong 
signal to shareholders and employees you know. Or are you asking me to cover up for you?"

Grace was desperate, and she knew it sounded desperate but she had to try everything. "Please 
Roy... you know I always treated you as a good friend.."

Royston laughed and it stung her. "Surely you could do better than that Grace." His eyes traveled 
down her tear-streaked face to her white business suit jacket and pants to her high heel shoes.

Grace's face burned as her confused mind tried to sort out if Royston was trying to blackmail her 
into giving him some sexual favor for covering this up for her. Maybe.. maybe she could just..

"Well, don't say I'm heartless, but maybe there is something you can help me with," Royston 
broke the silence, pulling out another file from his drawer.

"There is this important deal that I'm working on, and I'm having difficulty finding the right 
person that I need for it. If you agree to resign from the company and join this project, I think I can 
convince Mr Shih not to press charges. However, you'll have to pay back all the money to the 
company within a month."

"That,  that's great Royston.. thanks so much... but I can't pay back within a month.. could you 
give me more time?"

"Well don't worry, if you take on this project, you'll be paid thirty thousand dollars upon 
completion, and I can loan you a hundred grand. As for the remaining fifty, we'll have to figure 
out something," he said, handing the file to her.  "I just need you to sign and initial every page."

Grace glanced through the document quickly, and through the legalese, she was able to figure out 
that she would be resigning from the company and joining another one, registered in the Cayman 
Islands. Royston was senior venture partner of that company, whatever that meant, and she 
would also be bound to strict confidentiality as to the terms of her employment. 

For the project, she would also have to stay at a hotel, and will be providing secretarial and other 
services to high net worth clients. However, during office hours she would continue to work in the 
same office as she has been working in, unless told otherwise. There was also something about 
making herself available to accompany clients at all hours of the day on short notice, and doing 
everything the company instructed her to do, including how she should dress. Grace penned her 
signature and returned the file. 
 
"Good. Now tonight there's a ball and I'm meeting an important client together with several 
department heads. I want you to accompany me to it. Your dress will be sent to you at your hotel 
room. Make sure you're there tonight or you'll find the police looking for you tomorrow."

"Yes, thank you Royston." Grace replied, managing a weak smile. 

"That will be "Sir" from now on, Grace," Royston said, folding his arms in front of his chest.

"Yes, Sir.." Grace replied meekly. 

"And one question, since I'm responsible to ease your transition to your new job... I've always 
wondered about your bust size... you're a 30A? Or 32A?"

Grace was stunned for a while, but replied, "30A sir"

"Ah... small aren't you? " he smiled broadly, "and your panty size?"

Grace face flushed, as she had never been spoken to like that before.. "XS sir"

"Just what I thought.. mm...see you tonight, " he replied. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

Chapter Two (M/F, exhib, humiliation, blackmail, oral)
------------------------------------------------------

Grace shifted uneasily in the bright lights. As instructed she was attending this black tie event 
with Royston, dressed in the gown that had been on her hotel bed when she checked into her 
room. The gown was sheer but had lace throughout which made it very sexy indeed.  There was 
also a cream colored half-cup bra and matching thong panties, with a note telling her to wear 
these.

While she had some doubts as to whether she trusted Royston, the thought of jail time quickly 
convinced her that she had no choice. Besides, given the black color of the garment, it would not 
reveal much below, she had convinced herself. And so she had her hair done, and turned up at the 
five star hotel as instructed. To her surprise she saw the many bright lights and photographers at 
the event. 

Finding Royston quickly, she approached him, and when he offered his arm, she linked her arm 
with his. "Good evening, Ro-I mean, sir... " she greeted him. Although she did not like him 
much, he was a familiar figure and a person whom she could hide behind, under the bright lights 
and cameras. Royston looked at his escort, his cock twitching in his pants as he could see much of 
her slender frame through the almost transparent gown under the strong lights. 

"Good evening Mr Ko." Royston greeted one of the department heads at the cocktail reception. 
Grace followed a step behind, hanging onto his arm, trying not to be self conscious, even as she 
felt all eyes were on her.

"My god, Grace, you look fabulous," marveled Mr Ko, his lusty eyes scanned the beautiful young 
executive - the sheer material revealing almost all the charms of this slim young thing. 

Grace felt her face turn red, as she was almost sure her nipples were poking out of the thin bra, 
which itself was barely hidden by the wide-woven lace of the dress. "Thank you sir."

"Royston said he had finally found someone who could wear the this number, but I didn't think it 
was you! You know, this is the gown that Natalie Portman wore a few months ago to the 
awards... the famous dress..."  Mr Ko said, his eyes wide-open.

"Yes, Mr Ko, when I asked Grace if she could do it, she jumped to the challenge immediately," 
Royston said with a smile, "She'll be with me at Mr Nakamori's table."

"Well good for you Royston... I'll leave you to entertain the lovely lady then..." Mr Ko smiled and 
took his leave.

Finally Grace was able to figure out that Mr Nakamori, a famous Japanese designer, had designed 
the gown. She also guessed that Nakamori was an important client to whatever deal or project 
Royston was on. Reaching their table, Grace was introduced to him by Royston. The well-dressed 
man was in his mid-forties, had a deep tan, and a low rumbling voice that suggested he was a 
heavy drinker.

Nakamori made some small talk at first, exchanging the usual pleasantries about weather, work 
and so on. But then he started asking Grace if she was a person who enjoyed the limelight, if she 
liked being different and if she was an 'exhibitionist'. She was sure whatever he meant was not 
translated quite accurately from Japanese to English.

"So you like attention Grace?" he asked.

"Yes I love attention Mr Nakamori," she replied. Grace was mindful of that fact that Royston 
asked her to agree with whatever this important client said. 

Halfway through dinner, Nakamori spoke to Royston in Japanese, and then Royston turned to her, 
"Grace, Nakamori-san told me that the gown was designed for the sexiest ladies he had ever met, 
and that you are definitely one of them." 

Grace smiled politely at the compliment, and nodded at Nakamori in acknowledgement, and he 
tipped his glass in response. 

"And, " Royston continued, with a sly grin on his face, "he also said that the sexiest ladies go 
without a bra and that's how he designed the gown. Grace, I need you to go to the ladies and 
remove your bra, put it in your handbag and come back here."

Grace baulked at Roy's instruction, but did not dare refuse openly. She tried to bargain, and plead 
with Roy, but he reminded her of the fact that she had signed a contract stating that she would 
follow the company's instructions including how she was to dress exactly. After some coaxing and 
coercion by Royston, she took a deep breath - it wouldn't be that bad would it? She excused 
herself from the table and went to the ladies' room. Several minutes later, she returned.

To her surprise, Nakamori clapped his hands when Grace returned to the table. "Bravo!" he 
applauded, in admiration of the girl who's perky breasts and nipples were now quite visible 
under the sheer material of the gown. He ignored the fact the poor girl's face had turned bright 
red from the unwanted attention. Turning to Royston he spoke, not in a very loud voice but Grace 
could just make out the words.  She was surprised that he could speak English rather fluently, if 
with a strong Japanese accent. "I like her fresh look Roy. Not much modeling experience, but she 
will do. Make sure she come to Joe's on Thursday... make it 3pm."

Grace did not know what that meant. Anyway, she pretended to be having her dinner, acting cool 
amidst the smiles and nods from the other men and the women at the table.  She knew that the 
men were secretly staring at her breasts when they thought she wasn't looking.

Royston replied with a slight bow of his head, "Of course, Nakamori-san. We will be there. And 
she will be ready." 

With that, Royston turned his gaze back to young Grace who was trying to eat her salad and 
pretend to be oblivious to the stares from around. His cock stirred as he watched the outline of her 
body through the translucent material, and thought about what would happen at the 
photography shoot on Thursday. Grace would be made to wear skimpy swimwear, and have her 
photographs taken by a professional photographer who worked for Nakamori and specialized in 
taking pictures for a very special audience. Royston himself had seen some of the pictures taken of 
other models. The girl would first be made to pose in a variety of titillating swimming costumes or 
slutty outfits in tantalizing positions. Then it would graduate to a series of bondage themed poses 
- the girl might be tied up or cuffed, and sometimes gagged or blindfolded. Nakamori's favorite is 
to take pictures of hapless girls who are unsuspecting or for various reasons, cannot resist for fear 
of offending him. He loved to tie them up, and whip them, especially the beautiful ones. 

Royston's erection grew hard as he knew that the photo studio would at any point of time also 
have four video cameras recording the unsuspecting Grace from every angle, including the 
changing room. For his part in this, Royston would get a free video recording of the whole 
proceedings. But before that, there was some preparation to be done before Thursday. Grace was 
haughty and headstrong, and would not take to following instructions easily.  First she needed to 
be trained, broken. Perhaps a few blowjobs around the office would do the trick. 

***

The next morning, half the office was buzzing with hot gossip, and the other half promptly found 
out within an hour.  

Grace overheard a conversation outside the pantry. 

"Did you hear what Grace from Shih's department was wearing last night to the function?" one 
man said to the other.

"Yeah, I heard she was practically naked and everyone could see what underwear she was 
wearing!" the other man said.  Upon hearing that, Grace's face felt burning hot, and she decided 
against getting a coffee from the pantry after all. But not before she heard the first man's reply, 
"Are you sure she was wearing any? Hahaha..."

In the ladies' restroom, Grace again interrupted a conversation between two secretaries as she was 
coming out of her toilet cubicle. "Did you see Grace's skirt today?" one had just said to the other, 
over the sound of tap water running, as Grace unlocked the door of her cubicle.

Grace turned red as she opened the door fully and walked out in her stiletto heels to the 
washbasin. The secretaries disappeared quickly. 

Grace looked at herself in the mirror. She was wearing a business suit like any other day, except 
that today, the skirt was a good five inches shorter than usual, making it easily the shortest micro 
skirt in the office. If she bent over, she would be flashing her panties.

That attire had been on her hotel bed last evening when she followed Roy's instructions and 
checked in.  That, and the four inch stiletto heels, a black sleeveless blouse, red bra and g-string. So 
this morning, that was what she dressed in to come to work. Rumors started flying around, as the 
men fantasized and the women became jealous of the attention. Some said that she had become 
desperate or man hungry, or that she was seeking attention. Others commented on how slutty her 
outfit was, and how unprofessional it was to wear it to office.

At about 10am, Grace got a call from Royston. "Grace, please come to my office please."

As Grace walked up the staircase across the foyer that led to Royston's office, she was feeling very 
self-conscious - many of the offices surrounding the foyer had glass walls, so many eyes were on 
her. To make things worse, the staircase was quite steep and quite a long flight of stairs that 
curved up in a semi-spiral, and anybody at the foot of the staircase looking up could probably see 
right up her skirt.

Grace finally reached Royston's office and went in. 

"Shut the door please Grace," Royston said. He was sitting behind his desk busy at his computer, 
so he did not even raise his eyes to look at her when she entered.

Grace did as she was told, and stood there uneasily for what seemed like a full minute, as Royston 
continued typing. Finally he was done, and he turned towards her. 

"My, my... this fits you quite well doesn't it?" he cocked his head as his beady eyes focused on the 
slender young woman dressed in business jacket and skirt that revealed most of her legs, a sly 
smile on his face.

"Well I did as you wanted Roy- sir... " she replied, feeling tense, ".. you were looking for me?"

"Yes... I was doing some thinking yesterday.. you know, I'm starting to think may be this.. 
arrangement that we have, that I'm trying to help you out with.. perhaps that isn't such a good 
idea after all," Royston said, pausing to let the impact hit Grace, who was at once both stunned 
and perplexed as to what he meant.  She had signed the contract already hadn't she??

Royston continued speaking,"This is too risky for me. I think I'm going to just report you to Mr 
Shih. We can just tear up the arrangement we had yesterday.."

"No... what do you mean? You can't change your  mind? Please, I can't go to jail !" Grace 
exclaimed, feeling hopeless panic.

"Well this is an important deal to me... can't afford to fuck it up you know... Besides, you're quite 
a stubborn woman... I don't know if you can take instructions..." he continued, playing with his 
fountain pen as he spoke.

"No.. please I can.. I will do everything as you say.." Grace replied anxiously.

"You are willing follow instructions without question? "

"Yes.."

"Yes what?"

"Yes sir..." Grace replied, biting her lip, as she felt the twinge of humiliation - now that Royston 
knows her secret, she has to eat humble pie unlike previously when she was able to get away with 
even disagreeing with him in a meeting in front of the bosses.

"You understand that following instructions is absolute, and that failure to do so will result in 
justice taking its course?" he asked.

"Yes sir."

Royston leaned forward in his seat and clasped his hands together on the table. "Take off your 
jacket and unbutton your blouse," he said calmly.

"Wha..." Grace was shocked. This was not what she expected. She knew that Royston wanted to 
get back at her for having rejected him in the past, and probably planned to lord over her in this 
'deal' of his and basically humiliate her in doing all the administrative work and following his 
orders. But she did not expect this. She did imagine that perhaps he held the thought that he still 
wanted to get together with her, and she that she would probably have to entertain several dates 
with him while he had a hold on her. But this! Certainly she did not expect anything like this in the 
office.

"Not a very impressive start," he said. 

Grace's face colored.  She had no choice. Slowly, Grace took off her business jacket, and laid it over 
the chair. She reached up to the top button of her black sleeveless blouse and opened it.  She took a 
deep breath and worked her way down to the second, and then the third, and finally the last. She 
looked at Royston, like a deer caught in the headlamps of an oncoming car, ready to bolt, but legs 
too weak to move. Her blouse hung open, showing her red bra.

"Pull it apart and hold it open," he said. 

Grace's face went bright red. She was totally at his mercy. 

She slowly pulled her blouse up free of her skirt and pulled the two sides apart, exposing her fair 
bosom and flat stomach, and small breasts in their red bra. Grace's heart was thumping now.

"Undo your bra and show me your tits, Grace." 

Grace could hardly believe her ears. Fingers trembling, she obeyed, her hands reaching behind her 
back. She undid the clasp, then slowly pulled her bra cups up, showing Royston her naked breasts. 
Grace's face was burning now, and she was fighting not to break into tears.

"Good. Now turn around."

She slowly rotated her body around so that her back was to the man. She could feel his eyes 
roaming across the back of her body, including her legs.

"Are you wearing the g-string?"

Grace's voice cracked as she tried to answer, "Y..yes sir..." She had never been spoken to like this. 
She felt cheap, like some whore.

"Do you wear g-strings often Grace?"

Grace could not answer for almost ten seconds, as her mind tried to figure out if this was a bad 
dream, as she stood there being questioned about her underwear by a male colleague, a fellow 
executive, in the office that she worked.

"Yes, sir, I do, " she finally mustered a reply.

"How often?"

"May be two to three times a week, " she replied weakly. 

There was a long pause, and Grace wondered what was crossing Royston's perverted mind now.

"Pull your panties down to your knees."

Grace bit her lip and fought back the tears of shame. Her hands went to her panties. She slowly 
eased them down her thighs, having to bend forward to do so.  She heard an intake of breath from 
Royston, in confirmation that he was indeed looking right at her offered pussy peeking under the 
skirt and bare naked ass.

"Well before I accept you to start on this deal, you will need to pass an interview with someone, so 
that I can be sure you will follow instructions to a T" he said.  "Turn around now.."

Grace turned around, and looked at Royston who was just staring at her now. She knew she was 
presenting a sight to him, blouse unbuttoned, bra up and breasts exposed, and wearing a 
ridiculously short skirt with her panties around her knees.

"Come over here Grace.. there's someone I like you to meet..."

Grace walked unsteadily toward Royston's desk on her stiletto heels. As she approached him, her 
mouth unhinged in shock as she realized that the man had unzipped his pants and was sitting 
there on his chair with a huge bulge in his underwear.

"Yes... I'll like you to meet Dick here.. he will be interviewing you. Your job will be to convince 
him, with your oral skills, that you should be hired."

Grace felt butterflies in her stomach, and closed her eyes in deep shame. She approached him 
around his desk reluctantly.

"Take off your panties, give them to me, and then kneel down between my legs." 

Grace did as she was told.

"No wait, " Royston stood up again, and zipped up his pants, "I want you to unzip me and take 
off my pants."

Grace fought back her tears as she unzipped the man and pulled his pants down. With a big grin 
on his face, Royston sat back down in just his briefs.

"Alright, let the interview begin." 

Grace pulled down his briefs. Reaching up, she grasped the stiff prick and guided it into her 
mouth. Grace heard a sharp intake of breath from him as her wet mouth closed around the man's 
prick, and his hand gripped the back of her head. She began to pump Royston's cock as she 
sucked him. "My god, Grace.. I knew that you'll be sucking my cock one day... but this is 
heaven....ohhh"

Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Grace froze. To her astonishment, Roy said, "Come in!" 
Grace tried to dislodge the erection from her mouth, but Royston held on to her head tightly.

Royston's secretary appeared at the door. "Royston? Was Grace here earlier? Mr Shih was looking 
for her." The table blocked the view of Grace kneeling there, her face buried in Royston's lap, and 
his cock fully occupying her mouth. Grace's high heel shoes could be seen below the table, if the 
secretary just looked a little lower.

Royston cleared his throat. "Grace? She's... busy." His eyes looked at Grace's g-string lying there 
on top of his table.

"Okay... could have sworn seeing her come in here..." the secretary muttered, as she closed the 
door.

As soon as the door shut, Royston resumed humping Grace's mouth. "Suck me baby.... work that 
cock you prick-teasing slut...." his voice continued above her.  

Picking up his young colleague's undergarment, he brought it to his nose and inhaled deeply.. 
"My god Grace.. just smelling the scent of your pussy is enough to make me cum instantly." 
Grace's face turned red with the biting humiliation but continued her sucking. 

"Faster now!" he urged. She felt the grip on her hair tighten, as his hips thrust upwards in jerky 
motions. "YES...YES.. YESSSSSS"

Two strokes later, she felt his hot load squirt into her mouth. "Ohhhhh..." he moaned out loud, as 
his cock jerked in her mouth. She fought the impulse to gag as more semen flooded her mouth.

Spent, he slowly pulled his prick out of her mouth. Grace did not know what to do next, not 
wanting to swallow, but not daring to spit the hot semen out. "Keep my cum in your mouth 
Grace," Roy said as he stood up, pulled his pants and zipped them, "don't you let a single drop 
get out!"

Grace stood up awkwardly, her mouth full of his vile stickiness. "Now I want you to go to the 
pantry, and get a cup. Make a cup of coffee, and then you're allowed to empty your mouth into 
the cup. Then bring the cup to me. You've got four minutes."

Grace nodded, as she redid her bra and pulled down her blouse, keeping her lips closed. She 
looked at her panties, still in Roy's hand.

"No panties for you for the rest of today," Royston said with a grin.

Grace made her way carefully down the staircase, she prayed hard that nobody would talk to her 
on the way to the pantry. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the new guy in the accounts 
department walk up the staircase. He smiled at her, and she smiled back, taking care to keep her 
lips closed so that the cum in her mouth wouldn't leak out.  

George saw the hottest chick in the office coming down the staircase and couldn't believe his eyes 
as to how short her skirt was. Not wanting to be caught staring at her legs though, he merely made 
eye contact and smiled politely. Little did he know the bombshell had her mouth full of cum as 
she walked past him, and had no panties on, and that if he had looked, he would have seen her 
naked cunt.

Oh god, how many minutes has it been? Grace quickly made her cup of coffee, secretly emptying 
her mouth of Royston's cum into the cup. She would have loved to wash out her mouth, but four 
minutes must be almost up. Quickly, she brought the cup out and was dismayed to find a male 
colleague and female colleague chatting at the bottom of the staircase. Grace did not want to risk 
flashing her naked pussy while going up the staircase, but had no choice. Trying to be as 
inconspicuous as she could, and not really succeeding, Grace climbed up the staircase carefully. 
Little did she know that Royston was watching out of the glass panel of his office into the foyer, he 
was smiling, as he knew that the cutie was flashing her pussy as she climbed up the staircase.

"Well, well..." Royston looked down at his wrist watch, "that was five minutes Grace. You are 
late."

Grace began to speak, but Royston cut her off. "No excuses, now drink up the coffee."

Knowing that she was absolutely at the mercy of his commands, Grace felt whatever remnants of 
her confident exterior crumble altogether. She drank up the semen-laced coffee. "I hope you take 
yours with cream," Royston said, an evil grin on his face.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
The story so far: a young successful female office executive steals from her 
company and is discovered by a male co-worker who uses this to blackmail her. 
He humiliates her by making her wear a sheer dress to a client dinner, and 
then go pantiless in the office. She soon finds herself giving him a blowjob, 
not knowing that this is only the beginning of the diabolical plan that he 
has for her...

Chapter Three (MF, humiliation, oral)
--------------------------------------

Grace was in the men's room on the second floor of the office. Royston said that because she was 
late in her first assignment, she had to stay behind after office hours to receive her second 
assignment. Then, after office hours, Royston told her what was her next assignment - she was to 
seduce the office janitor.

And so, old man Chong got a shock of his life when he went to lock the men's restroom, and found 
the pretty twenty-four year old executive standing inside. While she was wearing her business 
jacket and skirt, Royston had relieved her of all her underwear and blouse.

As Royston had instructed her, Grace slowly unbuttoned her jacket, while talking to the 
sixty-something year old janitor. He could hardly believe his eyes seeing this pretty young thing 
in a short skirt and high heels in the men's room. She told him that she needed money urgently, 
and asked if he was interested in having her. When he asked exactly what she had in mind, Grace 
had to say (and she almost died as the words came out of her mouth) that she would give him a 
blowjob for twenty bucks. 

The janitor's hands trembled as he took out twenty dollars from his wallet, as he eyed her fair, 
naked tits and long legs. He asked if he could touch her while she was doing it. Grace nodded, and 
moved back a few steps as the old man moved close to her, until her back touched the wall and 
she could retreat no further.

Submissively, she held her jacket open, her perky breasts presented like a sacrificial offering. Not 
bearing to watch her own humiliating molestation, she looked away. She flinched as she felt his 
rough hands squeezing them.  The janitor's fingers rolled her slick nipples, causing them to stand 
out.

Then she felt something warm around her left nipple, and realised that the old man had clamped 
his gums around her nipple. He began to suck noisily on her tits.  The janitor was certainly 
delighted that this lady, three decades younger than he was, was allowing him to fondle and suck 
her nipples before she went down on his old withered cock.

"Get down," said the old man when he was done with her tits, his face beaming. 

Grace felt herself being pushed downward to her knees. His pants dropped. She tried to capture 
his flaccid cock with just her lips but it kept eluding her so she took it in one hand and sucked and 
nibbled on the end. Her eyes were tightly shut and she was trying to imagine herself with her 
boyfriend.

She sucked earnestly, despite the disgusting odour emanating from his crotch and the foul taste of 
his prick, eager to get it over with. He was fucking her face, jerking her head back and forth, as he 
enjoyed the sight and feeling of this young heavenly creature on her knees before him, her mouth 
and throat working on his ancient erection.

Finally with a lurch, the old man jammed his cock down her throat, almost choking her. Almost 
immediately he  started to cum. Gobs of cum splattered against the roof of her mouth, more than 
what Grace thought the old man had in his wrinkled scrotum that was possible. Royston watched 
this in his office, courtesy of the secret video camera he had installed in the restroom. He laughed 
when he saw the old janitor take out his wallet and stuff a twenty dollar note in the girl's hand, 
while she seemed more concerned with getting rid of the contents in her mouth.

Grace returned to Royston's office. Tilting her head back slightly, she opened her mouth, showing 
him the old man's cum in it. 

"Oh good.. now you have twenty dollars in your hand Grace for one blow-job. Hehe... Tell you 
what: swallow it and it'll count for another hundred dollars off your debt."

Grace hesitated, but finally swallowed the gross stuff, almost retching in the process. She could 
not believe how low she had become.  Royston laughed, and congratulated her for doing her 
assignment satisfactorily this time.

**

It was Thursday afternoon, and Royston drove Grace to Joe's photo-studio, a decrepit looking 
building which looked like a warehouse. Upon going inside, it turned out to be quite well 
furnished. Behind the reception counter sat a young lady whom Grace presumed was the 
receptionist - probably about her own age, with her blonde hair pulled back, mascara and red 
lipstick. She was quite stunning really for a receptionist; Grace thought she could have been one of 
the models. The receptionist barely registered their presence, continuing to file her beautifully 
manicured nails. "Go on in.... he's waiting" she said, barely looking up. "Thanks Nat.." Royston 
replied, ushering Grace in.

Indeed, Nakamori was already in the studio waiting, smoking a cigar.

"Well, it's good to see you again my dear Grace." he said, smiling as he flicked the ash from his 
cigar.

 "Thank you sir. " Grace replied politely. She felt a little intimidated by the way Nakamori's deep 
piercing eyes seem to see through her, and everything else.

After a brief introduction to Joe, the photographer - a short wiry man in his late thirties - Royston 
handed Grace a lilac bikini. 

"Change into this. We'll be doing a promotional shoot for this line of swimwear that 
Nakamori-san is launching this whole week. Do this well, and you'll be paid ten grand for just a 
week's work," Royston said.

"Ten grand?" Grace's mouth fell open.

Royston replied "Yes, but make sure you follow EVERYTHING that he asks you to do. I'm going 
back to the office now. If I hear anything about you not being cooperative, you know what I'm 
going to do."

Grace nodded and made her way to the changing room. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far: Exploiting the control that he has over his attractive 
female colleague, Royston makes Grace give the office janitor a blowjob to 
further humiliate her. On the pretext of helping her to cover the amount that 
she stole from the company, Royston tricks Grace into signing up for a 
photography shoot for a client with certain tastes..


Chapter Four (MF, nc, humiliation, forced masturbation)
-------------------------------------------------------

Grace was dressed only in a tiny bikini under the bright lights of the studio, as she posed for the 
camera. The poses started out quite innocent. After thirty or forty shots though, the poses became 
more suggestive and sexy. One the photographer had her put her thumbs to the sides of her bikini 
bottom and pull the garment halfway down. In another pose, she was asked to lean forward with 
her hands on her knees, so that her cleavage would be showing. Grace felt uncomfortable the 
whole time, as she was aware that Nakamori was standing in the background, watching her.

Then there was a costume change to a different two piece suit. This one was even skimpier than 
the first, and the top barely covered Grace's breasts. After several shots, the photographer asked 
her to stand with her back facing the camera, and told her to take off her top completely. Finally 
there was a frontal shot where she covered her naked breasts with her hands.

"Alright... we'll almost done", Joe said, changing his film in his camera. Grace almost heaved a 
sigh of relief.

"Last roll," the photographer grinned, "let's try something more adventurous." 

Grace saw Joe rummage in a chest for something. "Okay, now stay in position Grace, don't move."

Grace did not turn her head and could only glimpse from the corner of her vision that Joe was 
approaching with something in his hand. She cringed as she realized too late, that it was a black 
leather collar that he was carrying, and he promptly placed around her neck. "Don't move ! " he 
said.

FLASH! The flashbulb illuminated half the room and temporarily blinded her. 

"Oh yeah... that's fantastic," Joe said.

FLASH !  

The photographer continued taking shots of Grace, in the skimpy bikini, with the leather collar 
locked around her neck. 

"Okay, that's fantastic. Stick out your bum more Grace, yes lean forward... oh yes that's it.. Smile 
now."

Grace was in agony, trying to decide if she should just run and worry about getting arrested later 
by the police on the theft charges, or to endure more humiliation at the hands of the these perverts.

"Alright, now can you please get on the sofa.. no...I mean all fours..."

Grace felt a shiver run up a spine, but did not dare to protest. She remembered what Royston said 
about following instructions without question. She climbed onto the sofa, on her knees and hands, 
her ass up. She looked into the camera. "Oh yeah..." the photographer said. 

FLASH!

"Let's add this", Nakamori said, and to Grace's horror, he produced a leash. Locking it to her 
collar, he held the leash, sitting just outside the view of the shot as the photographer kept 
snapping away. She felt a wave of humiliation pass through her, as she realized the kind of 
exploitative shots that they were taking of her, and how she must have looked in these cheesecake 
positions. No wonder this gig paid so handsomely. Well, if she really got ten grand from this, it 
would be worth it, she though. She desperately needed to pay back the money that she took, so 
that she would be out of this whole contract and having to take orders from Royston day in and 
day out. 

Joe took several more pictures of Grace on all fours, collared and leashed like an animal.

"Can we take some nude pictures?" Joe asked Nakamori, who was watching from the armchair.

Grace's heart leapt into her mouth when she heard that. 

"Maybe another time Joe, " Nakamori chuckled. "Let's finish your last few shots..."

"Alright.." Joe sounded disappointed. He rummaged in the chest for more props.

For the last pose, Grace was still wearing the collar and leash, but also had her wrists cuffed 
together, and tied to a rope suspended from the ceiling. 

FLASH !

Nakamori's cock twitched, looking at the young office executive in bondage. She would normally 
be dressed to the nine's in the office, looking all professional, but today she was dressed in 
nothing but the tiniest bikini which revealed all but her most private parts of her body. To top it all 
off, she looked incredibly sexy standing there helplessly with her hands tied up above her head, a 
slave collar around her neck. He imagined how much money Ko, Shih and the other company 
directors would pay him just to get a copy of the compromising pictures of this beautiful young 
lady.

"Are you sure no nude pics today?" the photographer ventured again. Grace's heart pounded in 
her chest. The contract did say that she had to wear anything that the company asked her to, but 
this is insane! Surely they can't ask her to wear nothing?

Nakamori appeared to be considering that for a while. Then he said, "Oh well, what the heck. You 
don't mind do you Grace? Royston said it's in your contract." 

Grace started to panic. "What? Nooo... sir, sorry, I - Wait... please.. NO..." Before she could finish 
her sentence, Nakamori had untied the knot of the bikini string on her back, and whipped off her 
bikini top, exposing her breasts to the camera. 

"NO.. Please stop!!" she cried. 

 FLASH! Joe took a few shots, ignoring Grace's protests. "Nooo... please stop!!" the girl cried out 
in alarm.

Grace found herself pushed back to the sofa, and forced down in a prone position. Her arms 
extended above her head as her wrists remained cuffed and secured to the rope from the ceiling. 

"What are you doing??" she cried in a panicky voice. Nakamori was stepping on the leash now 
and keeping it taut such that it pulled her collar down so that she couldn't get up from the sofa.

"Well you need to be disciplined Grace," he said.

Grace struggled but the rope did not budge. "Let me go!" she demanded.

Nakamori stood there, admiring the picture of the girl lying prone on the sofa, under his control.

"The reason you're in this situation, Grace...is that you did a very bad thing. Didn't you, Grace?"

"Wha - what do you mean? I don't know what you're talking about! "

There was a swishing sound. "OWWWWW..." she yelped in pain as a stinging pain ripped 
through her butt. Turning her head, she saw a big cane in Nakamori's hand.  "LET ME GO you 
pervert, or you'll be sorry!" she screamed.

WHAACK! The menacing cane struck down once more on her exposed butt. "AAAHHHHHH"  
she screamed in pain. Nakamori smiled in satisfaction as a welt slowly appeared on her fair skin.

"Don't speak to me like that, bitch" he warned. "You know what I'm talking about... Royston told 
me about the naughty thing you did." He paused, flexing the cane in his hand. "He asked me to 
punish you properly... give you some hard lessons..."

Grace started to protest, "Wait.. you can't do this. He told - OWWW!!!" Her sentence was cut 
short by the third lash of the cane on the bare flesh of her firm butt. Her bottom burned with pain.

"Don't speak unless you're spoken to bitch."

Tears came to Grace's eyes. She had never been treated like that before. Even when she was a kid, 
her father had never spanked her. 
 
"Are you sorry for what you done, bitch?"

"Yes YES.. PLEASE let me go !"

"So do you admit you're a bitch who needs to be taught a lesson?"

"NO ! " 

"Wrong answer."

SWOOSH  - WHHACK!!

"YEOWWWW!!" she cried. The tears welling up in her eyes ran down her cheek freely now. There 
was a half a minute of silence, as Nakamori contemplated this lovely scene in front of him. Joe too, 
was watching intently from behind his camera, snapping a shot periodically of the topless girl 
being punished.

"Are you a bitch?" Nakamori asked again, slowly.  There was a moment of silence.

"Yes. Yes" her voice choked, as she spoke the words.

"Yes what?"

"Yes sir"

"Yes sir what?"

"Yes sir, I'm a bitch"

"Bark like one then, bitch."

Tears roll down her face as she sobbed, and swallowed. "Woof...woof.."

"Louder.."

"WOOF! WOOF!" she barked, just like a dog. She felt completely humiliated by this degrading act. 
But it was not over.

"Now then, you little she-dog.. since you're a low-life bitch, you don't deserve to walk on your 
feet. From now on, whenever you're in front of me, you better go on all fours."

Her cuffs were unlocked and Grace felt a downward tug on her collar as she realized that 
Nakamori was pulling her down from the sofa, much like how he would with a dog. And so, 
Grace climbed off the sofa, planting her palms on the floor first, fearful that another stroke of the 
cane would land on her unprotected butt if she did not do it right. 

"That's a good girl now." Nakamori nodded, as he watched the slender young woman get on her 
hands and knees. "Let's take a short walk shall we, my little canine pet." 

Grace bowed her head in shame, as Nakamori pulled on the leash and she followed after him, 
crawling on her knees and palms. In the meantime, Joe was delighted to have the opportunity to 
snap a few more shots of the young female executive naked and crawling around on all fours.

"Ooh.." a woman's voice floated into the studio, as her slender frame leaned against the door.

"Well you can come in Natasha." Nakamori laughed. "We're just giving Grace a little exercise 
here."

Grace felt completely humiliated as she crawled around on all fours, the tiny bikini bottom her 
only clothing, a dog collar around her neck, and being led around on a leash. As if the humiliation 
wasn't bad enough, now there were two men, AND a woman watching her degrading state.

Nakamori led Grace on a leisurely stroll around the studio, as he puffed on his cigar. Finally he led 
her back to the sofa. "Heel....," he said.

Grace wasn't sure what he wanted, but feeling the tug, she pulled herself up to an upright 
kneeling position, and was rewarded with a pat on her head. Instantly she felt awash with feeling 
of intense shame. She inwardly felt disgusted by herself for what she just did. She was behaving 
just like his pet animal.

Nakamori smiled at the other two. "Such a GRACEFUL, clever little dog isn't she?" he said, 
caressing the back of her head the same way he would play with the back of a dog's ears. The girl 
suffered at the indignity.

Pulling up on the collar now toward the sofa, he said, "UP girl.."

Grace climbed up the sofa, still on her hands and knees.

"Roll over."

Grace's face flushed deep red, but she turned her body around. She was lying on her back on the 
sofa, but with her knees together.

"Are you a slut Grace?"

Grace's flinched at the insulting question, and wanted to answer "no", but her eyes watched the 
cane in the sadist's hands.

"Yes sir...I... I'm a slut" she answered, looking away from him. Her throat felt very dry, and she 
could hardly speak those words.

"Good, now take off your bikini bottom and show me your slutty cunt."

Grace felt powerless... she had to do everything he asked, or Royston would send her to jail. Her 
trembling fingers went to the string that kept her bikini bottom on her bum. Closing her eyes, she 
tugged on the knot, and the little triangular garment fell away, exposing her fluffy pubic hair. 
Grace tried to protect her modesty by closing her legs, but the two men could see the little triangle 
of hair between her legs.

Her heart was pounding and despite being being forced into this degrading act, she felt a 
momentary pang of arousal at her own helpless situation, at being treated like a low-class bitch.  
Immediately though, she felt a deep sense of disgust at herself - what was she becoming?

"OPEN YOUR LEGS WIDER"

Grace stared at Nakamori's shoes as she slowly opened her legs wider. Trying to keep her mind 
away from this terrible experience,  it was as if her body just mechanically followed his 
instructions.

"Nice.. look at that cunt!" Joe exclaimed. Grace's face and neck turned a deep shade of red, 
spreading down to her fair bosom.

Grace's womanhood was on display, her outer labial lips were thin and dark, and a tuft of black 
hair decorated the hood,  and was more sparsely around the sides. A hint of pink showed between 
her outer lips. Joe licked his lips, imagining how the healthy young woman's pussy would taste.

"Now, pull those lips apart, and show us how the inside of your worthless cunt looks like Grace. "

Grace shook her head, turning her soulful pleading look at the older Japanese man, who was 
wielding the cane. 

"Don't make me whip you bitch..."
 
Grace's hands trembled, as they moved down reaching between her legs. She felt herself being 
overcome by emotion, and fought not to choke or cry, as she pulled apart her pussy lips, exposing 
her most private part to this man who had absolute control over her, and to the others in the room. 
Her tender pink vagina came into view, looking slightly moist.

"Like a good slut, you will place your finger on your pussy and play with it," Nakamori 
continued.

Grace hesitated, and with a loud swoosh the cane struck down on the sofa with a loud bang, just 
missing the frightened girl by inches. 

"If you hesitate again, the next stroke will be on your tender flesh, you little bitch.."

Grace closed her eyes, dipped her finger between her pussy lips, and started a gentle rubbing 
motion. Despite herself, she felt her sense of shame mixing with an unmistakable twitch of 
pleasure that was gnawing deep in her lower abdomen, as she was forced to masturbate herself in 
front of these men and pretty receptionist, who were all watching her intently.

"OPEN THOSE LEGS WIDER"

Grace obeyed, letting the men and Natasha observe how she worked her honey pot. To her horror, 
when she opened her eyes, she could see Joe aiming at her with his zoom lens. "Jesus.." Joe said, 
breathing hard, as he snapped away, "that's going to round off your album real well Grace."

Grace shut her eyes again, trying not to think about the pictures. "Think about the ten grand that 
I'll be paid," she told herself. 

"So you see Grace, most of the time you are a decent girl. But upon my order, you will be my bitch. 
Upon my order you will be a slut." Nakamori said in his deep voice.

"Sluts show their pussy when instructed..." 

Her crotch tingled as she heard Nakamori's biting words.

"Sluts arouse themselves when instructed..." he went on.

Grace felt a new wave of shame hit her, when she realized that her pussy was getting moist. How 
could she be getting aroused? How could her body betray her? 

"Sluts suck cock on demand."

Grace's pussy tingled again. She opened her eyes, just in time to see Nakamori press a remote 
control. A video projector began to play something on the big screen on the far wall. As Grace 
watched the screen, her heart felt like it was being pierced. It was a video recording of her in 
Royston's office. It showed her undoing his pants, then sinking to her knees. Somehow, the angle 
was such that while Royston's face couldn't be seen, her face was quite clear. She knew now why 
Royston had made her take off his pants again when he had already done so. It made her look like 
a slut on the video, the one stripping him.

"KEEP RUBBING THAT PUSSY".

As she obeyed, she watched herself on the big screen pulling down Royston's underwear and start 
sucking his cock. Her mind spun, and she felt her heart pounding in her ears.

"Look at the slut swallow cock..." she heard Joe say. Unconsciously, Grace's fingers were rubbing 
faster now, trying to placate the pulsing sensation that had grown between her legs.

The scene changed and Grace saw herself now in the men's restroom. It was quite obvious 
because the standing urinals could be seen in the background. She was wearing a jacket, but it was 
open and she was obviously not wearing anything underneath. Again like the previous scene, she 
was on her knees, facing someone's crotch. And then she was sucking away on some man's dick. 
The man obviously started cumming in her mouth, as one could see his lower body jerking. Then, 
as he pulled away, a strand of cum could be seen trailing between his cock and Grace's lips.

Grace cried out, trying to block out the horrific images playing on the screen. "Keep rubbing that 
wet pussy of yours Grace, " Nakamori's hypnotic voice continued," Disobey and you will find 
these videos distributed to your family and to everyone in your company..."


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far: After being blackmailed into giving her male colleague  and the janitor blowjobs, 
a young female office executive finds herself falling deeper into depravity to avoid going to jail for 
embezzlement.  A compromising photography shoot that had her in suggestive poses in a tiny 
bikini, graduated into pictures of her being collared, leashed and led around like a dog, and being 
forced to masturbate herself.  The humiliation only escalates in the office... 


Chapter Five (MF, public humiliation, forced orgasm) 
----------------------------------------------------

Grace was back in the office the next morning. Sitting at her desk in a white micro-skirt that barely 
covered her bum, she squeezed her legs together, eliciting a delicious sensation that pulsed 
through her pussy. Of course the fact that there was a three-inch long cigar shaped vibrator that 
was lodged in her pussy made it difficult for Grace to help herself.

This morning in her hotel room, she had found the office clothes that she was to wear today laid 
out for her - a low-cut deep-V blouse, and a white skirt so short she could have sworn that it was 
half the length of the skirt she wore in high school. In her younger days, she was taken to task once 
by the school principal who chastised her for wearing a skirt that only came to mid-thigh, showing 
off her athletic legs to lots of admiring boys in school.

To go with the attire, there was also a pair of black pumps with four inch stiletto heels. The 
instructions, probably from Royston, told her to wear the blouse but leave the top three buttons 
undone. As Grace checked herself out in the mirror, she realized that with three buttons undone, 
the center of her bra could be seen. Whoever was standing next to her would also get a good 
eyeful of her bra-encased breasts. There was also the g-string which meant there wouldn't be any 
panty lines visible under the tight material of the short white skirt. Finally, there was that vibrator 
which she was told to put in her handbag and bring to work. 

Holding up the cigar shaped vibrator, she stared at the smooth metallic silvery surface. Grace felt 
a little disgusted but was also curious at the same time. She had never used a vibrator or dildo 
before. And now, she was told to bring this object in her bag - what evil plans did Royston have? 
Nevertheless, she did as she was instructed. Leaving the hotel dressed with the shortest skirt and 
four inch heels, carrying a sex-toy in her bag, she got some stares in the hotel lobby downstairs as 
she tried to catch a cab. She felt like they were staring at her as if she was a whore. Even in the cab, 
she could feel the taxi-driver glancing at her bare legs frequently through his rear view mirror, 
trying to look up her short skirt.

At last, she reached the office building. Due to increased security measures implemented recently, 
everyone who worked in the building was required to go through a metal detector and have their 
bags searched. To her surprise today it was a different security guard from the usual one who 
greeted her every morning. She felt especially self- conscious of the amount of bare leg she was 
showing today in the busy building lobby, as everyone was rushing to report to work. She tried to 
pull her skirt down, but did not really succeed. As she stepped through, the security guard 
checked her handbag. 

"Is this yours ma'am?" the new security guard was holding up the three-inch metallic vibrator.

Grace could feel many eyes on her from the busy crowd of office workers waiting to get through 
the detector. Red-faced, she said, "Yes... "

"We're not allowed to let anyone into the office carrying any sharp objects or unidentified objects 
which may be dangerous ma'am," he said in a serious tone. Grace thought that he might have 
grinned for a split second as he turned to catch the attention of another security guard, but was 
not sure.

Grace stepped unsteadily closer to him, not sure as to what to say. 

"What is this ma'am?" the security guard looked at her, the vibrator in his hand.

Grace could feel the heat rushing to her face now, as she stuttered a response, "I... That.. that's 
something my friend gave me.. no I mean I'm not sure, it was a gift I just got." 

The other security guard came over, and as his eyes took in the three-inch metallic object, he 
started grinning widely. Then he looked at the pretty young office executive in her very short skirt 
and four inch heels... geez, does she work in this building really, he though to himself.

"Well, can you turn it on for us ma'am?" the second security guard said, straight faced, as he 
appeared to check her security pass. Grace was this stunning chick's name. He wondered : did this 
office executive just buy a strange looking MP3 player or is she bringing her personal vibrator to 
work?

Grace fumbled as she took the vibrator back, "Umm.. sure.." She looked for the switch. Finding it, 
she flipped it on. The vibrator buzzed to life. Both of the security guards were grinning now. 
Grace felt humiliated as she knew that everyone else going through the security checkpoint was 
watching her turning on the vibrator for the security guards.

"Hmm... it's for personal use then ma'am?"

Grace felt like she could die. If she said no, she was afraid that the guards would confiscate it and 
she would get in trouble with Royston. 

"Yes..." she said with a pleading look on her face, anxious to get out of this humiliating situation. 
She wondered what was going through their minds as she admitted to being the owner and user 
of the vibrator, and bringing it to work.

"Okay then, you may keep it and step through ma'am" the security guard said, returning the 
handbag to her.

Grace quickly walked to the lift, wishing the earth would swallow her up.

--

She was seated at her desk, looking at the pictures in the file that Royston just gave her. They were 
the pictures of her taken the day before at Joe's studio. She was posing sexily, while being scantily 
clad in the tiniest bikini imaginable. Then there were those of her on all fours on the sofa and floor, 
with a leash connected to a collar around the neck. Then there were pictures of her topless with 
her wrists being tied to a rope suspended from the ceiling. Grace realized that these pictures could 
destroy her career and life. Royston had her completely under his control now.

As if to emphasize the fact that she was under his control, the vibrator in Grace's pussy suddenly 
buzzed to life, making the poor girl gasp out involuntarily. "NNngggghhh...."

Royston had made her insert the vibrator in her pussy under her underwear. He showed her the 
remote control, and informed her that he would turn it on for five minutes every hour. Exactly 
when in the hour would be up to his whim and fancy, and she would not be given any warning.

The vibrator whirred maddeningly inside of her, stimulating her healthy young pussy to secrete 
lubrications. Grace squirmed in her seat as other people in the office walked past her cubicle. She 
knew that her seat cushion was getting wet from her slick juices leaking from between her legs. 
Royston did not give her permission to leave her seat.

As Grace looked at the compromising pictures of her, she recalled the later events of the previous 
evening:

Royston's client, Nakamori was playing the video of her sucking off Royston in his office, and 
then sucking off the janitor in the men's restroom, even as she was forced to masturbate herself in 
front of him. She had felt the room spinning around her as the tightness in her pussy grew. In her 
daze, she imagined that Nakamori's photographer Joe was licking her pussy. Or was it the 
beautiful receptionist Natasha kneeling between her legs,  slurping at her engorged little clit? 

As the buzzing in her pussy intensified from the vibrator, Grace just recalled that during the 
previous evening she had been obscenely displayed on the sofa, lying on her back, legs open wide 
and her fingers rubbing her wet slit shamelessly. One or more people were also licking her 
aroused little slut cunt. 

In her mind's eye, Grace saw herself lying on the sofa, looking down and seeing Natasha licking 
and gently nibbling her wildly stimulated clit. She heard Nakamori's voice say, "Look at the little 
bitch wanting to cum.." That gave her the last jolt of pleasure through her body that would send 
her over the edge. Reliving the orgasm from the day before, Grace felt the climax hit her, and hit 
her hard. Only this time, the intense vibrations in her already soaking wet pussy launched her to 
outer space, as she came again and again. A wave of blissful sexual release surged through Grace's 
body from head to toe as the orgasm took hold of every muscle in convulsive pleasure. 

Her spent body slumped on her desk, Grace slowly opened her eyes. She was shocked to find one 
of her guys from the accounts department standing in front of her cubicle, his mouth open. Did he 
just witness her orgasm? As the guy walked away, Grace realized that her hands were both 
underneath the desk, between her soaked legs.

As George walked away, he adjusted his pants - his erection was becoming unbearably hard and 
ready to burst through his underwear. Did he just witness Grace the sexiest girl in the office just 
cum in her cubicle?? 

In the meantime, Grace was still trying to convince herself she was not caught cumming at her 
desk by her co-worker. Quickly closing the file with her pictures, she kept it in her desk drawer. 
As she got up, she flipped over the cushion on her chair to hide the wet spot, and went to the 
ladies room to clean-up. Her skirt was white, and now it had a big wet spot on the back which she 
had made when she came.  Grace took off her skirt in the ladies room and tried to dry it with the 
hand dryer. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far: Grace is made to wear revealing clothes, and a vibrator in the office, and has an 
involuntary orgasm. 

Chapter Six (MF, humiliation, nc, oral, handjob)
------------------------------------------------

Grace was sleeping in her hotel room that night. Disoriented images of the last forty-eight hours 
flitted through her mind, as her tired body drifted off to dream-land quickly.

First she was in Nakamori's photo studio, where a photographer was taking revealing pictures of 
her. Then she was lying on the sofa in the studio, her legs open in an obscene posture, being forced 
to masturbate herself in front of people that she hardly knew. Still, her body had somehow 
betrayed her, and her mind chastised her for the orgasm that she had while being forced to 
perform this act of perversion. 

Then she saw herself going to the office that morning, feeling vulnerable and exposed, wearing 
the low cut blouse and ultra-short skirt. To make things worse, she was stopped by that security 
guard in the lobby of the building because of the metallic vibrator that set off the alarm of the 
metal detector. Later on, the vibrator which Royston had buried in her cunt, would came alive 
every hour as she walked about the office, or sat in her cubicle. Finally, after several hours of 
repeated stimulation, she orgasmed yet again in an embarrassing deluge of juices, which 
permeated her skirt and onto the chair that she was sitting on.

As Grace dreamt, she felt her pussy getting moist and slushy, but she wondered if it was just in 
her dream, or was she actually getting wet as she lay between the satin sheets of the queen sized 
hotel bed. She felt her dream drifting, back to the time she was a teenager again...

In her dream, she was wearing her school uniform, at a bus stop. It felt weird knowing that this 
was the bus stop that she took the bus, from her younger days, and yet somehow knowing that 
she was recalling these events that happened to her as a dream. She felt the breeze on her ass, 
which was odd. Turning around, she was horrified to find that a wizened old man was holding up 
her skirt, lecherously looking at her young slender legs, and her white panty clad buttocks. She let 
out a little scream, and pulled her skirt down, and the old man just walked away.

Then she was on the bus, and it was starting to get crowded. She tossed and turned in her bed as 
she dreamt. She felt uneasy, knowing what was going to happen next in her dream. Finding an 
aisle seat near the back of the bus, she sat down. People were moving down to the back of the bus 
now, as more people boarded it from the front. She felt a nudge on her left shoulder, but ignored it. 
It was probably just an accidental bump from one of the standing passengers as the bus became 
more crowded. Then it came again, and it pressed against her
shoulder.

Young Grace glanced up to see who it was. She figured that it was a middle-aged man in jeans, but 
she couldn't really see his face from her angle, as he was standing right next to her left shoulder, 
facing her. As the bus continued its slow and bumpy ride, she could feel the man occasionally 
pressing his groin against her shoulder. Was it accidental or deliberate? she asked herself.  She felt 
an uncomfortable hardness, as he pressed against her.
When she considered if it was him that was hard underneath, she felt disgusted. Yet she couldn't 
be sure, perhaps it was just the denim material of the jeans that was hard? 

She considered standing up, or even confronting him, but felt too embarrassed. She decided to sit 
through this, until she reached home. As it were, the man pressed his groin against her shoulder, 
the shoulder of this teenage school girl, another twenty-odd times till she alighted the bus.

**

BUZZZ! She was awoken by the door bell. Where is this place? Oh yes, it's the hotel. Half awake, 
she climbed out of bed, as the buzzer rang again insistently. Looking through the peep hole, she 
saw a bellboy, in his late teens, standing outside of the door. Conscious that she was just wearing a 
nightgown, she reached for the white bathrobe to cover herself, before she opened the door.

The bellboy was delivering her work clothes, not her own, but the ones that Royston would have 
her wear to the office in the day and to the photo studio in the evening. She felt a shiver run up her 
spine, as she realized what she had committed herself to - the minute she signed the contract with 
Royston, a basic right that she had taken for granted like choice of her own clothing, had been 
forgone, in return for his not sending her to jail. Peering into the large paper bag that the boy 
handed her, she found some clothes and a box.

"All yours, miss." the bellboy grinned.

As she sent the bellboy away and closed the door, she examined the items in greater detail. There 
was a crimson colored halter top and beige jacket, an A-line miniskirt, as well as a pair of 
matching colored maroon underwear: a strapless bra and a pair of g-string panties that had lace 
trimmings on the sheer panel in the front.

In the box, she found a pair of silver hoop earrings, and a thin silver chain anklet, with two tiny 
blue beads threaded through it. This was accompanied by a short typewritten note, which she 
guessed was from Royston. It said that from now on, she is to wear the anklet at all times, 
regardless of whether she is awake or sleeping, clothed or unclothed, and that failure to comply 
would have "consequences for her".

Forty-five minutes later, Grace was on the way to work. She was actually glad that the length of 
the miniskirt went to her mid-thigh, compared to the impossibly short micro skirt that she had to 
wear the previous day, which just screamed out "SLUT". Before this whole thing began, she did 
consider herself trendy, and one of the more daring female dressers already in the office that could 
actually pull it off, because she was young and attractive. She would wear skirts up to two to three 
inches above her knees, treading the border between professional versus sexy. She believed that 
she was both.

Now, she looked down at herself, in the back-seat of the taxi, consciously keeping her thighs 
together. She never dreamt that she would be wearing something this short to work. If she wasn't 
careful when she sat down, she
would definitely flash her panties in the office. Yet, she was feeling glad that it was ONLY six 
inches above her knees!

Going through the lobby security of her office building, the metallic vibrator in her handbag set off 
the alarm again. The security guards laughed, but waved her through. Red faced, she walked 
briskly to the elevator.

Stepping into the elevator, she noticed a familiar person from her office, but tried avoiding eye 
contact. She felt very conscious of her overtly provocative office wear, not forgetting the silver 
chain around her ankle, 
and the large hoop earrings, which brought even more attention to her legs and neck.

"Good..good morning.. ah.. miss Grace.."

Grace reluctantly made eye contact with the tall gangly man in the elevator and recognized him as 
the office mail room clerk. "Oh, hi. Good morning, um.." (what was his name again?), "um.. Tony.. 
right?"

"Y-yes, that's, ah, right." Tony stuttered, as he usually did. "You you... ah dressed nice today." he 
continued, a wide grin on his face.

"Thanks," Grace smiled politely back, but quickly looked up at the floor indicator, to see why it 
was taking so long for the elevator to reach her floor. It's just an innocent comment, she told 
herself. But she imagined him
staring lecherously at her bare legs, under the mini-skirt, and at her bare shoulders. She told 
herself that while her halter top bared her shoulders, her jacket covered it, and that he couldn't 
possibly see under her jacket! "Bye.."
she said to him, as she walked out in her high heels, when the elevator door finally opened on her 
floor.

***

"What do you mean he knows??" Grace demanded frantically. A smug looking Royston sat 
comfortably in his leather cushioned chair across the desk from where she stood.

"Well, you didn't clean-up after yourself my dear Grace...When you did the transfers to those 
dummy accounts, and then withdrew the money, you didn't bother to close them did you?" he 
replied quietly, toying with his fountain pen, while watching the news sink into her. "So, our new 
accounting executive, diligent and eager to impress in his first month at work, finds these strange 
debits and credits from non-existent accounts. Fortunately for YOU, he came to ME first."

Grace couldn't find the words to express her frustration: frustration at her own stupidity, and 
frustration that despite all of these things that she is putting herself through, this matter seems 
ready to blow out of control.

"So what do we do now?" she asked helplessly.

"What do you suggest?" Royston asked her back. Grace had no reply.

Royston sighed loudly, and stood up. "Let this be your first hard lesson Grace, cover your tracks 
well. If you steal, don't get caught."

Walking right up face to face with the pretty young executive, Royston looked her in the eye and 
said, "Since you've been such a good girl, I convinced George that we don't need to go to the police. 
I told him that you are already being taught a lesson."

"Say, isn't that a really nice halter top and skirt that we got for you?" he commented, taking a step 
back, casting an admiring glance at her from head to toe.

Before Grace could reply, Royston continued, "George wants in Grace. He wants to know how you 
are being taught a lesson. Take off your jacket." Without waiting for her reply, he simply took off 
her jacket, leaving the lady with just her halter top covering her above her waist. "Yes, it does fit 
you well, doesn't it?"

"But what does he want?? What are you going to do?" she asked, her voice trembling in emotion.

"I would say that in the worst case scenario Grace, you just lend your slutty mouth to his cock for a 
day or two. Like you did with me. Suck him off in return for his silence. Well you've already 
sucked the janitor off, so this
can't be any worse than that, now can it?"

Grace's fists were balled up, thinking about how all of the humiliation that she had already 
endured with Royston was now going to get worse. It was all for naught, however, if her secret 
was exposed at this point.

"And the best case scenario?" she managed to ask.

"The best case scenario, well, maybe he just likes to watch how you are being taught a lesson. Tell 
you what - just suck me off in front of him. Maybe he wants to beat off watching you suck my cock. 
Or maybe you can even help him with that!"

Grace shook her head in obstinate defiance. "No, no way! This has gone too far Royston. I've done 
everything that I could. You can't make me. We had an agreement that I would be able to pay back 
the money with this deal of yours. Those.. those photos that you took of me."

"The agreement Grace, was that you would get thirty thousand for the project. How about the 
hundred thousand that I'm loaning you? How are you paying me for that?" Royston asked, as he 
walked back to his chair and sat down.

"I'll, I'll find some other way to pay you that back! Give me a week." Grace pleaded, "Please."

"Okay, let's say that you can get me a hundred grand this week. I keep quiet. What if George 
reports us both then? I'll become your accomplice! No Grace, as soon as you signed that agreement 
with me, you were in all the way. You take instructions fully. You don't do as I say, I don't cover 
for you anymore. Its as simple as that."

"I'll just go to jail then, you blackmailing liar!" Grace screamed at him. She couldn't see herself 
sucking more of her co-worker's cocks in the office. Who knows where Royston will stop?

"There are worse things than going to jail, you little bitch." Royston's tone changed from cool to 
being clearly annoyed now. "Hmm. What have we here on my computer screen. Photos of you 
parading around in little more than your birthday suit, really make excellent desktop wallpaper 
don't you think?"

He flipped the screen around, and Grace saw the photos that they took of her in the skimpy bikinis 
that she was made to wear at Nakamori's studio. "I like this one.." Royston called up a high 
resolution image of Grace in the pose where she had her thumbs in the elastic of her bikini bottom, 
pulling it seductively halfway down. She didn't realize then that she had pulled down a little too 
much, and the top of her bush could be seen.

"How about, if I send this off to your boyfriend right now? He's been overseas for a while, and 
would love to know what his lovely girlfriend has been up to at home, wouldn't he?" Royston 
asked sardonically, as he attached the file.

"You, you don't know my boyfriend's..." she started to say, but then fell silent as she saw Royston 
key in her boyfriend's email address. "Wait!"

Too late. Royston had hit the Send button.  Still looking pissed off, he found another photo. "How 
about this one of you baring your titties huh?" This was the one where Nakamori had forcibly 
snatched away her bikini top, and the photographer had captured the slightly astonished look on 
her face, but more importantly her pert breasts, which she had only managed to hide partially 
with her arms. Her upturned, taut nipples were clearly visible in the picture.

"No! No! Stop!" she begged, holding onto his arm, begging him to stop. If her boyfriend saw these 
pictures, and took it the wrong way... She couldn't lose him! She knew then and there, once again, 
that she was under the absolute control and mercy of Royston. "I'll do as you say." she said 
meekly.

***

George, fresh out of college, had only joined the company a month ago, but in his first week, he 
had already made up his mind on who the hottest girls in the office were. Ming had the longest 
silkiest black hair he had ever seen,
not to mention her well-endowed bosom, but it was Grace, who was slim, petite and sexily 
self-assured, who rekindled his adolescent fantasy.

As Royston said to Grace, George had detected the anomalies in the accounts, and approached 
him. But there it had stopped, when Royston had explained it away as a confidential project that 
he was working on with Grace, and her boss Mr. Shih. George, being inexperienced in the 
corporate world, didn't suspect otherwise. Royston had lied, when he told Grace that George 
wanted in on her secret. He merely saw an opportunity to further humiliate his once confident 
rival, by making her give another blow job to the men in her workplace.

George received a call from Royston that morning, asking him to bring the files which he showed 
him a few days ago. When George entered his office, his heart skipped a beat, when he saw that 
Grace, the office hottie, was in there with him, in the middle of a discussion.

"Royston. Grace." he greeted them with a smile, as Royston gestured for him to sit down. George 
felt a sharp intake of air rush into his lungs, as he took in the sight of Grace, in a sexy red halter-top 
and short skirt, which showed off the shiny anklet just above her high heels. 'Cool!' he thought. 
Tearing his eyes off of her legs, he looked over at Royston.

"Right," Royston said, finishing up his discussion, "so that's all set then Grace, you'll be presenting 
this on Monday."

Grace nodded, but didn't say a word. George thought that she looked rather tense.

"Now, let's talk about these files that you showed me the other day George." he said, taking the 
files from George.

"This is really confidential stuff George, you know. This is the project that we're working on here, 
with Grace. She's promised to do her part really well too, isn't that right Grace?"

"Yes sir." she replied quietly, and then glanced at George.

George was surprised that Grace called Royston "sir". In the office it would usually be rather 
informal, and even him, a newbie, could call Royston by his first name. Only the department 
heads, and senior executives would be referredto with their last names. Even more surprising, 
during his four weeks with the company, he had already heard numerous stories about how 
Grace and Royston head-butted each other frequently in the two different departments, and yet in 
Royston's office here she seemed extremely docile towards Royston.


"Are you surprised George, that Grace and myself are working so closely together?" Royston 
asked with a twinkle in his eye. "Did you know that we were lovers once?"

Grace almost flinched, when she heard this, but put on a nonchalant face for fear of making 
Royston angry again. Sure, she had several dates with him, but more out of courtesy, than out of 
any real interest. It was hard for her to
reject a more senior colleague outright after all. What's more, she had a boyfriend, and he knew 
that! When during one of the dates he tried to feel her up through her dress, after they had a few 
drinks, she had put an end to it.

"No I didn't know that." a somewhat bewildered George answered.

"We're not really lovers anymore, but you know, sometimes we do catch up for old times sake, if 
you know what I mean," he winked, putting his hand on Grace's thigh. Although Grace didn't 
budge from her seat, she felt goose pimples forming on her skin.

"Why, just last week, Grace was just giving me a blow job! Right here in this room!" Royston stated 
proudly. Grace's face immediately flushed. She stared at Royston with looked that could kill, but 
didn't affirm nor reject his claim. "Just the type of thing that she loves to do, isn't that right Grace?" 
he added.

"Um.. maybe I should go back to my work now," an uneasy George said, and started to stand up. 
It was Grace's turn to look a little surprised at his reaction, but she didn't have much time to 
consider what it meant.

"Grace!" Royston said firmly, "George seems to be bored, since he wants to leave. You aren't doing 
your part, you know." George became more puzzled.

Grace glanced at George, and then back at Royston again, before she responded quietly, her eyes 
cast down to the floor. "Yes, I gave Royston a blow job here in this office, and loved doing it."

George gulped. He remembered that just a few days ago, he thought that he had seen Grace 
having an orgasm in her cubicle. But the whole notion of this gorgeous hot chick masturbating in 
her cubicle, while there were people walking around the office, was just too far out, and so he 
convinced himself that he had been hallucinating. And then last week, he had seen her going up 
the staircase, between the first and second floor of the office, in the tightest, shortest skirt that he 
had ever seen, flashing her ass cheeks, and a dark patch, which he couldn't decide if it was black 
panties that he saw, or god willing, her naked pussy.

That image stayed fresh in his mind, so much so that he wacked off for a whole week, every night, 
just thinking about the sexy executive's loins, and her bare pussy under that skirt, while she 
paraded around the office in it. Now it seemed to make sense. If Grace was indeed having an affair 
with Royston, and was as cock hungry as Royston claimed that she was, that would explain some 
of these salacious things that he had witnessed. Her going to Royston's office in her slutty skirts, 
masturbating in her cubicle, the blow jobs. 'My god,' George thought. He never would have 
believed that she was such a slut, even though he had fantasized about it.

"She even carries around a vibrator in the office, for pleasuring herself while thinking about cock, 
don't you Grace?" he asked, as his right hand slowly drifted up the side of her neck, caressing her 
cheek.

"Isn't that right Grace?" he repeated.

"Yes that's right." Grace replied, barely audibly, her eyes looking now at Royston.

The fact that what she was admitting to had a grain of truth to it, made her cringe inwardly from 
shame. She did cum with the vibrator buzzing inside of her cunt, while sitting at her desk the 
other day. Though she couldn't help herself, as the dastardly Royston was turning the vibrator on 
remotely every hour and pushing her to
the very edge, and then switching it off. Her panties and skirt were all slick with her juices by the 
end of that day, and it was the eighth time the she was close to cumming when George had 
walked past her cubicle, and had accidentally witnessed how she spent herself.

Royston's finger traced a line along Grace's jaw, and moved up to her lips, and began a slow 
circular motion around them. George just stood there watching,his eyes wide open in amazement 
that Grace was allowing this, without any sign of protest. And right in front of him to boot! 

Royston worked the finger into her mouth."Suck it!" he commanded softly, only loud enough for 
Grace to hear.

She slowly closed her mouth around his finger, as he began to move it in and out. He jiggled his 
finger in her mouth, virtually finger-fucking her face. As he chuckled, a new wave of humiliation 
crashed over her, as she realized the scene this was presenting to George. Finally, he pulled his 
finger from her mouth, and ran it slowly over her wet lips.

"Work your magic baby," Royston guided her hands to his lap, "Let's show George how much you 
love having a cock in your mouth."

George's erection was already straining against his pants, when he saw how Grace was sucking 
Royston's finger like a docile animal. As she knelt between Royston's legs, George's erection grew 
painfully hard in his pants.
Her fingers unbuckled Royston's belt unsteadily, certainly not looking like the pro that Royston 
made her out to be. But what George could tell, was that Royston had a lot of control over this 
lady, and obviously flaunted this power. 

She edged closer on her knees, and unzipped Royston's pants, before easing his semi-erect cock 
from his underwear. Grace took Royston's cock-head into her mouth, using one hand to pump the 
shaft as she sucked on Royston's cock. George stayed rooted to his seat, watching the incredible 
scene unfolding in front of him.

"Mmmm, what a good cock sucker you are." Royston commented, peppering his declaration of 
how much he was enjoying her working on the business end of his cock, with guttural groans of 
approval.

"Uhh. That's it baby. Sweet Jesus... your mouth feels so good on my hard cock! Mmm, that's it, take 
it down your throat. Ahhhhh... Oh yes, lick my balls."

Finally, after several minutes of sucking by Grace, Royston couldn't hold back his sperm any 
longer. Grabbing the hair on the back of her head with both of his hands, he held her head firmly 
in place, her lips wrapped around the base of his cock. (George could remember vividly for 
months later how Grace looked like with her 
mouth stuffed so full of cock)

"I'm CUMMING into your COCK SUCKING SLUT MOUTH! AHHHHhhhh!" he bellowed, as he 
came hard, depositing his payload of hot fresh cum into her mouth, and a good portion directly 
down her throat. A few more upward jerks later with Grace's mouth still locked firmly around his 
cock, Royston relaxed in his seat. He let go of her head, and Grace moved back, Royston's erection 
emerging from her open mouth.

"Now, what did you think of that George?" Royston winked at the stunned accounting executive, 
as he zipped up.

George gathers his wits about him as he tears away his eyes from Grace, who was preoccupied 
with wiping the dribbles of cum that had escaped from her lips with her hand.

"That was extremely HOT!" George exclaimed.

"Grace here really loves the taste of cum, don't you Grace?" Royston asked, chuckling, as he looks 
at her. Grace was trying to decide whether she should be swallowing the man's vile semen. She 
had no choice but to nod her head in agreement.

"Why don't you open your mouth, and show us how much of my spunk you have there, before 
you swallow it?" Royston urged.

Grace slowly opened her mouth, displaying his fresh sticky semen, mixed with her saliva on her 
tongue. At this point, George almost came in his pants. His cock was rock hard, and desperately 
needed relief! George stared, as she swallowed Royston's cum, and then opened her mouth again, 
to show that she had indeed done so.

"Now look what you've done to poor George here Grace!" Royston said, tilting his head in 
George's direction, motioning for her to look at the tent in George's pants.

"Do you need some relief George?" Royston asked.

George couldn't believe his ears. Surely this guy wasn't offering his girlfriend to suck his cock, was 
he?

"Grace would love to help you out, wouldn't you Grace?" he continued.

Grace nodded, and then edged forward on her knees, to where George was sitting. He just sat 
there in a trance, watching the lovely female executive approaching him. She looked incredibly 
erotic, with a trace of cum on her chin, and otherwise perfectly made-up face. Her slim shoulders 
and collarbones bared by her striking red halter top, her knees on the floor, her feet still wearing 
her high heels. The silver hoop earrings further emphasized her sexy neck, as they moved with 
every little movement of her head, and gently touched her neck.

As Grace undid his pants, and freed his very erect cock from the restraints of his underwear, 
George felt the pressure building up in his loins. He was taking in every detail of the pretty face of 
this untouchably sexy young lady, moving so close to him, and just a few inches from his cock no 
less! He only felt the cool touch of her hand on his boiling hot rod, and before he knew it, he was 
blowing his load all over his lap from her jacking-off motion. "Ohhhhhhh please don't stop! 
Oooohhhhhh." he groaned, grabbing the arms of the chair so tightly that 
his knuckles turned white. His cock spurted in a torrential ejaculation,  coating her fingers with his 
white, runny jism.

George recovered slowly from the throes of his climax, aware that Grace had moved back away 
from him, her hand that had been wrapped around his cock now covered with his cum. She 
turned to look at Royston.

"You know what you love to do Grace." Royston remarked, a grin on his face. George watched in 
amazement, as the sexy Grace licked George's fresh cum off her hand.

"What did I tell you George." Royston boasted, "Not only does Grace love to give blow jobs, but 
she simply loves the taste of cum."

"Haha.... but enough fun for the day. George, i'll have to kick you out of my office now. I do have 
some business to discuss with Grace."

"Yes of course, I'll see you later Royston. And - uh, later too Grace," George said hurriedly before 
making his exit. 

As George walked back to his cubicle, he was kicking himself for climaxing so quickly; would 
Grace have sucked him too if he didn't come so soon? "Man, I love working in this company!" 
George thought, his cock getting hard again thinking about cum-loving Grace and how she loved 
to sucked cock.

--------------------------------------------




Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
by Dark Avenger

This is the continuation of a tale containing themes of non-consensual sex 
where attractive women, innocent or otherwise, are forced into circumstances 
where they are taken advantage of by men. If you are under-aged or find such 
themes offensive, go no further. The usual disclaimers apply. Please send 
comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com.

The story so far: Grace tries to resist her moral perversion under  Royston's manipulations, but 
finds herself having to give sexual favors to another male co-worker who has also found out about 
her secret.  While unwilling, her subconscious mind is beginning to accept her sexual degradation 
and submission with arousal. 

Chapter Seven (MF, humiliation, forced exhib/vibrator)
-------------------------------------------------------

It was Monday morning, and Grace was in her room at the hotel which Royston had put her up in. 
Same as what happened last week, the clothes she would wear for the day were delivered by the 
same bellboy at the same time to her room. 

The day before, she was in Nakamori's photo studio again. Nakamori had praised her for the 
excellent bikini series of pictures that was taken of her, and gave her a post-dated ten thousand 
dollar check. Grace was relieved that she indeed would be paid like Royston said she would - she 
needed the money to pay back the amount she had stolen. But Nakamori also told her that to cash 
in the check, she had to continue modeling for him; after the swimsuit series, it was the lingerie 
series, which was the shoot she had to do that day.

Grace whinged, thinking about the seductive, see-through, and many times, saucy lingerie that 
she had posed in the day before. But at least she had the ten thousand dollar check with her. She 
encouraged herself that in a month's time she would be done repaying the debts of her sin and 
leave behind these nightmarish memories !  

She was surprised when the bellboy handed her an envelope together with the bag of clothes and 
shoes. The instructions in the note in the envelope told her that there was a choice that day on 
what to wear, but that the choice was not hers. She was to model both sets of clothes, and ask the 
bellboy to decide for her ! 

For the top: A white button-up shirt (to be worn with top two buttons undone) with a black, sheer 
demi-cup bra,  OR a figure-hugging, lace-up top with a jacket and lacy pink push-up bra.

For the bottom: A long, black side-slit skirt (the slit would go to her mid-thigh) with black, side-tie 
thongs, OR a beige mini-skirt that was a size too small, with beige thong panties made of very thin 
material.

Grace swallowed her pride as she was forced to model the clothes in front of the bellboy, who was 
obviously delighted to take his pick. To complete her humiliation, there was a pair of four-inch 
high heels which had a small graphic imprinted on the bottom of the shoe between the instep and 
heel. It was a cartoon of a woman being taken from behind by a man. The note told her that she 
was to wear these "fuck-me shoes".

A couple of hours later, it was with much trepidation that Grace entered the board room of her 
company, wearing the white button-up shirt with the black, demi-cup bra with two of the top 
buttons undone, and the extremely short and tight mini-skirt. 

In the board room, there were eight men and two women, mostly middle level to senior executives.  
Her boss Mr Shih, and Royston's boss Mr Ko were also there. Grace hoped that George would not 
be there. No such luck, there he was sitting at the far end. She hoped that he would not notice anything, as 
she thought about the vibrator firmly ensconced between her panties, and her clit. 

George smiled, when he saw her enter. She looked strikingly sexy as usual. Royston beckoned her 
over, and asked her to sit down in front of the room, next to him. He had started the presentation, 
judging by the slide show already showing on the huge screen in the conference room.

As Grace sat down, she was aware that the seat he wanted her sitting in was quite low, and that it 
was difficult for her to sit down while wearing such a short skirt, without revealing her crotch to 
the other people in the room that she was facing. Indeed, she was quite sure that all the male 
executives' eyes were looking at her legs, the entire time that Royston was speaking. Particularly 
she felt a little creepy how Mr Ko was looking at her. Mr Ko had a reputation of changing 
secretaries frequently, young secretaries who dressed sexily. It was with mixed relief when it was 
her turn to standup.  

As she started talking, the vibrator in her thongs suddenly turned on. "Uhhh.." she cried out softly, 
as she stumbled half a step forward, her right hand holding on the backrest of one of the armchairs 
for support.

"Are you alright Grace?" Royston feigned concern.

Grace pictured herself strangling him with her bare hands, right then and there, as she knew that 
he must have secretly turned on the vibrator with his remote control. George, with an eye for 
detail as always, was staring at the chain around her ankle, now sporting three beads, instead of 
two, like the other day.

"Err.. yes.. I'm alright." she replied, as she steadied herself. She tried to prevent her hands from 
going to her crotch, as the maddening intensity of vibrations assaulted her pussy.

Earlier that morning, Royston called her to board room. They were alone, as it was still an hour 
away from the meeting. She knew that he had wanted her to be doing the presentation with him, 
but only suspected that he did for kicks so that he could be seen ordering her around in front of 
other colleagues and department heads, and to embarrass her by having her parade her body in 
the sexy clothes he had her put on. Little did she know that he had more diabolical plans for 
humiliating her. When he produced the vibrator, she had flatly refused. 
She have had a vibrator buried in her cunt as she walked about the office the previous week, and 
had it wreaking havoc on her cunt as she sat in her cubicle till she finally climaxed. But this was 
different - to be in the board room in front of her bosses and colleagues with a vibrator buzzing in 
her pussy was totally out of the question ! What if they found out?? She would be ruined.

"You sick bastard.." Grace had told Royston, almost spitting out her words.

"I kind of expected this response, " Royston smiled confidently as he half-sat on the conference 
table with one leg on the ground, "that's why I prepared this little clip to show before we started 
the presentation." 

He pressed a button on the remote in his hand.

"That's a good girl now.." a familiar voice played on the audio system. The image on the big 
screen came into focus. Grace saw herself on the screen, practically naked, getting on her hands 
and knees. "Let's take a short walk 
shall we my little canine pet," the male voice continued, tugging on the leash attached to the black 
leather collar around her neck. The docile girl in the video clip was topless, and only wearing the 
tiniest bikini bottom 
that showed off more than three-quarters of her ass. This was captured in different angles by four 
hidden video cameras in the studio where she had the photo shoot!

Grace paled, staring at the screen. She could imagine everyone in the board room laughing. 
Laughing at her. Grace had already seen the photographs that were taken without her consent in 
Nakamori's studio that day - photos of her in the collar and leash, of her on all fours. But this was 
worse - to see a moving and living image of herself, crawling on the floor, clambering down from 
the sofa on all fours, like an obedient... bitch. 

Grace's reverie was interrupted by Royston saying to her, "Let's get the presentation going now 
shall we?"

Grace looked at all the faces looking at her, as the vibrator buzzed very slightly in her pussy, 
creating a growing sensation of heat near her clit. She could not bear to have everyone in the room 
seeing that video clip of her behaving like a dog, crawling on all fours on the floor. Before the meeting, 
she had acceded to Royston's demands, and let him insert the vibrator, something which he called "the butterfly" 
under her thong panties, over her clit. The vibrator was designed to stay in position right over the 
woman's most sensitive part, and elicit the strongest orgasms.

For ten minutes, Grace presented the slides, trying hard to concentrate as the vibrations in her 
pussy grew in intensity gradually. Royston must be slowly increasing the speed through his 
remote control. She could feel her 
thong panties getting soaked from her juices. Very soon, her juices would run down her leg. 

She saw the strange expressions on the audience's faces, as they wondered why she was talking so 
slowly and frequently drawling, even making strange noises on a couple of occasions. 
"Rev..venues ... are expec...ted to ..to .. go...- Uhh up... next year..." she said, as she fought to retain her 
composure. She must not have an orgasm while presenting in front of her bosses !

George was looking slightly amused. Royston just pretended not to notice anything, but he had 
his hands in his pockets.

"Ok, thank you Grace." Royston said, as she presented the last slide.

The vibrator also stopped, thankfully. Her face was a little flushed from the exertion of a near 
orgasm.

Royston stood up, and reached for a stack of folders. "Now we'll give each of you a folder with the 
information that we just presented. Look through it now, and let me know if you have any 
questions. If not, we'll meet again next week. Thank you. Oops!"

A couple of folders slipped from Royston's hands, and fell to the floor. Several papers inside fell 
out messily onto the floor. "Would you mind helping me pick that up Grace, while I try to finish 
up here."

Grace flushed slightly, as she bent over from the waist to try to pick up the papers from the floor. 
She knew that Mr. Ko, who was sitting directly opposite her, would have a glance of her bra, as 
she leaned forward. As she picked up the other papers, she surreptitiously turned around, so that 
she wouldn't be letting him look directly down her blouse.

"There's one in the corner, over there under the table Grace." Royston pointed out, as he pretended 
to be busy talking to one of the female executives. Royston had already planted the piece of paper 
under the furthest corner of the conference table before the meeting, but Grace did not know this.

Grace realized that she had no choice but to get down onto her knees to reach for the annoying 
document. As she got on her knees, she also realized too late, that her skirt was much too short for 
her to do this decently. All the male executives in the room were now watching the pretty young 
executive in the very short skirt, with extreme interest, as she reached under the table to retrieve 
the errant document. Her skirt rode up her thigh, as she leaned
forward, and still she couldn't reach the paper. Red-faced, she leaned forward further, putting her 
elbow out to support her upper body, as she reached for the paper. She knew at this point, that 
everyone behind her could see up her ultra short skirt, and were staring at her bare bum. She also 
regretted that the thong that was chosen for her, covered her pubic area, but exposed all of her 
buttocks. Mr. Ko was probably having a heart attack watching her on her knees, exposing her bare 
butt to him. Grace's face turned beet red, but she was glad that nobody could see her face from 
where she was.

Indeed, all of the men were staring hard at her bum, trying to hide their hard-ons. Mr. Ko thought 
that he saw her pubic hair peeking out from the side of the tiny piece of garment covering her 
pussy lips, and mentally tried to save this image in his head, for a jerk-off session later.

A few of the men sitting closer could actually discern that her thong had an obvious wet spot. 
Grace stood up with the document and adjusted her skirt. Handing it over to Royston in a hurry, 
she left the room quickly. The men wondered if it was her pussy's scent which lingered in the air. 
George smiled, for he knew that it most definitely was her aroma.

"Grace." someone called her from behind.

Grace turned around in the corridor, and saw the head of her department calling her.

"Yes Mr Shih?"

"Please come to see me in my office."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Grace's Hard Lessons 
====================
by Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far: Grace, a young rising executive, makes a mistake of stealing 
from her company. When her secret is discovered by a jealous male colleague, 
she is made to learn some very hard lessons. Made to do humiliating things 
in the office and give out blowjobs to keep her secret safe, she finds instead 
that more people are finding out about her secret.

Chapter Eight (MF, rape)
------------------------

"Can I just quickly excuse myself to go to the ladies please?" Grace asked nervously. 

It was not a good time for the young executive, as she has just come out from a presentation to an 
audience of more than ten people including her boss, and she had nearly climaxed during the 
presentation. This was thanks to the effects of the special head of the vibrator attached under her 
thong panties, sending hundreds of little tremors over her clit as she spoke. To top it off, that 
scheming Royston had obviously planned to humiliate her by dropping his documents on the 
floor and under the table after the presentation, and making her pick up the papers in her very 
short skirt. To reach the ones under the table, she had no choice but to get on her knees, and 
inadvertently flash her panties.

And so, when Mr Shih, her boss asked her to see him in his office right after the presentation, she 
wondered for a split second if she had gotten into trouble for her slutty attire. A split second later, 
this was replaced by a much more urgent thought, when she remembered that Royston's vibrator 
could still turn on anytime, and this would be extremely tricky if it happened while in her boss's 
office. She had to go quickly to the restroom to extract the device!

"Yes, but don't take too long Grace, I have something important to talk to you about." Mr Shih 
replied, walking toward the direction of his office. While Mr Shih was a strict supervisor, he was a 
fair one; Grace respected him very much, and wondered what he would think if he knew at the 
moment that his employee had a vibrator in her pussy as she talked with him.

Grace swiftly went into the ladies and stepped into an empty cubicle. Closing the door, she 
quickly reached under her skirt and pulled her panties down. It was then she realized that she had 
made quite an obvious wet spot on her thong panties, spreading all the way from her crotch to 
half of the panel up her butt. She was trying so hard to focus during the presentation that she did 
not realize how much juices she had secreted. And because she had been so worried not to orgasm 
in front of the audience, and relieved that she managed not to, she had also not paid any attention 
to the wet feeling that the garment had against her skin. 

She felt her face burn in shame as she extracted the "butterfly" vibrator from her pussy, and some 
strands of her secretions clung onto it. Dropping it into her purse, Grace came out of the cubicle, 
straightened her shirt, glanced at herself in the mirror, washed her hands, and left the ladies 
restroom.

Mr Shih was standing in his office facing the window when she came in. As she entered at his 
invitation, he turned around, a strange look on his face. Finally he cleared his throat and spoke. 
"Grace, you are wearing very sexy clothes - not to mention you were presenting to a conference 
room full of people earlier. I'm told you wear clothes like this, to work everyday now?"

Grace did not know what her boss already knew or what to say. She struggled to find a suitable 
response but did not find one. She was wearing a white button-up shirt with two of the top 
buttons undone, and an ultra-short mini-skirt. Underneath the shirt was a black demi-cup bra 
which was quite obvious under the thin white material, while beneath the mini-skirt was a pair of 
thong panties. This was what Royston had made her wear to work. The top was quite daring, but 
it must surely be the mini-skirt that went too far, especially after the ruckus in the conference 
room where she had to retrieve some papers that Royston dropped on the floor - with her skirt 
already so tight, it had rode up even further on her thighs when she bent down. The fact that she 
was standing in front of her boss now - and he was as old as her father - wearing such clothes 
made her especially embarrassed.

"Mr Shih, please let me explain... I - I'm wearing these clothes because - because... " Grace 
thought about lying but decided she better not, "- because Royston told me to."

"Royston told you to wear these clothes?"

"Yes.."

"And you listen to him?"

"Yes," she replied sheepishly.

"Any reason why?"

Grace shook her head, not knowing what to say. Did Royston keep her secret safe? She did not 
want more people finding out that she had stolen money from the company.

"It's - it's to teach me a lesson... " she admitted.

"For what?" Mr Shih probed.

"For doing something I shouldn't have," said Grace. 

Mr Shih did not speak for a moment. Then he sighed. "What you committed was a very serious 
offence, both under company policy, and under the law," said Mr Shih. Grace's heart sank when 
she heard that. So Mr Shih knew! 

"Royston told me everything," he continued in a low tone of voice. Grace felt her world breaking 
into pieces. She would surely be fired! And sent to jail!

"I'm really really sorry Mr Shih. I would never do it again. And I promise I will pay back the 
company as soon as I can!" Grace said with great anxiety.

"How much money was it?"

Grace did not dare to look at her boss in the eye as she replied, "A hundred and eighty thousand, 
Mr Shih."

"That's not a small amount," he remarked in a grave tone. "How much have you paid back?" Mr 
Shih asked. 

"I've paid back - um, ten thousand. Royston's got an assignment for me which pays another 
twenty thousand in the next few weeks. And I've got a personal loan from him for a hundred 
thousand."

"That's a hundred and thirty. What about the remaining fifty?"

"I... I haven't figured that out yet..." she confessed.

"I've always thought you were a good worker Grace... you disappointed me."

"I'm so sorry sir...I truly am.. If I - "

"I'm also sorry Grace that I have to do this, " Mr Shih cut off her in mid-sentence. "I do want to 
help you Grace.." 

She felt goose pimples on her skin as Mr Shih's gaze moved down to her bare legs, stopping at the 
anklet. "But it won't be easy for you," he finished his sentence.

"Come and stand over here," he added.

Grace walked up to the man in his late-forties, confused. He was shorter than she was when she 
was wearing heels. As she looked into his eyes, a lump formed in her throat. 

"Turn around and put your hands on the table," he said.

She started to shake her head, but found herself unable to say the word, "No". 

"Turn around," Shih repeated.

Grace slowly turned her body away from the man, facing the table, and put her hands on it.

She flinched as she felt his hands lift her mini-skirt up. "Please Mr Shih..." she pleaded softly, her 
heart pounding.

"Shhh.... " he replied. His foot shoved her ankles apart. And then his hands touched her exposed 
inner thighs. First it was just gentle probing. Then it was a more deliberate caress. Then it was a 
kneading motion that gradually crept up all the way till she felt his hand cupping her crotch. She 
fought back the urge to scream and told herself that it would be over in a second. 

His fingers easily displaced the thin cloth of the thong covering her tight young pussy, and she felt 
his finger contact her wet slit. Grace let out a scream but Mr Shih quickly placed his hand over her 
mouth and said to her ear, "Keep quiet!" Her pussy was still wet from the vibrator which nearly 
made her orgasm during the presentation in the conference room earlier, and this shamed and 
humiliated Grace that Mr Shih would find her in this state. Mr Shih would find this slut's cunt 
wet!

Shih gasped as his middle finger slipped past the young woman's slit and felt the hotness inside of 
her cunt. Grace let out another involuntary cry, stifled by Shih's hand, as she felt his finger wiggle 
inside of her pussy. She felt his breath on the back of her neck, and then the sound of a zipper.  
"No...mmmmph..." she cried out but Shih's strong hand covered her mouth. 

Now two or three of his fingers, were rubbing her pussy lips again, but much more forcefully. 
Grace's body shuddered uncontrollably as he massaged the entrance of her vagina with his hand.

Shih felt the warm, trembling body of the young woman whom he had pinned down, and enjoyed 
her feminine scent. "Ahh.. Grace... you were such a favorite of mine," said Mr Shih from behind 
her.

Grace shut her eyes, her hands feeling cold. She was in shock. Then Grace felt it - it was his penis 
head, touching her unprotected pussy. Again she tried to cry out, but the hand covered her mouth 
so tightly she feared that he would cut off her air supply.

She could feel the tip of Mr Shih's prick rubbing the outside of her sex in an up-down motion. Mr 
Shih enjoyed feeling on his cock the heat emanating from this young thing's pussy. He rubbed her 
cunt lips with his cock which was growing harder, spreading his pre-cum on her labia lips. 

Grace felt her body go soft as if she was paralysed by the thought what would happen to her next. 
She could feel Mr Shih's cockhead pressing against the entrance of her pussy. She screamed in 
pain as his cock plunged in, causing her back to arch instinctively. It pulled out again, and thrust 
back in fully, his thick cockhead hitting her cervix. Tears came to Grace's eyes as it hit her that she 
was being raped. Shih paused his assault, and pulled her thong panties down to her ankles before 
he entered her from behind again.

The man started to fuck her steadily from behind, his balls slapping against her ass, forcing the 
small frame of her body against the table. "Ungghh, unggh, unngh..", her boss uttered deep 
sounds of pleasure as he slowly pumped in and out, taking the petite female executive from 
behind. "I'm so sorry Grace..." he said, as he fucked her. 

He started to pick up pace and his violent thrusts made her cry out in pain. One of his hands 
grabbed her hip for a good hold, while his other hand went under her blouse, pulled down her bra 
and mauled her breasts. As Grace's department head fucked her hard from behind, he would 
periodically squeeze the soft, pliable breasts of the pretty office executive that worked for him. 

Shih started to thrust faster and faster, as Grace let out little cries of anguish. Unmistakably, the 
pain was being taken over by pleasure, as Grace fought to control the growing sensation in her 
healthy young pussy - it was starting to juice copiously, telling her body it needed the fucking.

Before long, Shih said to Grace, panting with the effort of every thrust, "I'm going to cum soon. 
When I do, open your mouth and swallow every drop of my sperm!"

Like an approaching train thundering on the tracks, Shih's groans rose in volume, his pistoning 
strokes becoming faster and faster, until finally with a very loud groan he pushed Grace down to 
the floor, flipping her to face him. Grace obediently opened her lips, to which he quickly sank his 
plump cock into her mouth to the hilt. His ball sack lurched and contracted, unloading hot semen 
into Grace's throat. His thick cockshaft spasmed and jerked in her moist mouth. Grace's eyes grew 
big, almost choking. With Mr Shih's strong hands holding her head to his abdomen, she just kept 
swallowing as the older man's balls drained themselves of thick white sperm.
 
Moments later, Shih looked down at the young lady in satisfaction, sitting on the floor as he 
withdrew his spent cock from her mouth. Her hand was over her mouth, but she had swallowed it 
all. Her look was priceless - with her disheveled hair, skirt hiked up around her waist and panties 
around her ankle. 

Grace heard Shih pulling up his zipper, but did not look up, still not believing that she had just 
been raped, and then made to swallow all of her rapist's cum. The next thing she knew, she found 
a bank check dropped on her lap. "Come see me again if you need more..." he said. The door 
opened and shut, and he was gone. 

It was a cash check with a sum of five thousand dollars. Grace continued crying before she finally 
picked herself up and made her way, quietly from her boss's office to the ladies to clean up. She 
could feel Mr Shih's hot semen swimming in her stomach, and it made her sick.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
by Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

Chapter Nine (MF, submission,nc, humiliation, oral, facial)
-----------------------------------------------------------

It was a slow Tuesday morning, and Royston found his thoughts drifting to Grace. His pretty, 
young, ex-colleague, once an object of his fancy and romantic pursuit, she was now an object of his 
control, under his power. He found the latter more entertaining and immensely satisfying. Just 
yesterday for instance, she had just been fucked by her department head, after Royston told him 
about her secret.  

When Grace confronted Royston why Mr Shih found out about her secret, he had told her, "There 
was nothing I could do Grace. Your boss has always been telling me in private how sexy you 
looked in some of the clothes you wear to work. Especially those camisoles you wear under your 
jacket. When he started asking me if I had something to do with your latest wardrobe which you 
had been strutting around in outside his office, I had no choice but to tell him about our 
'arrangement'. This is another hard lesson Grace. Don't be such a tease if you're unavailable. And 
if you're a sexy tease, be prepared to pay the price."

Grace started to regret this arrangement she had with Royston. While she still worked in the office, 
technically speaking she was no longer an employee of the company after she signed a new 
contract with him. This was in return for him not spilling the beans on her theft to the police. 
Under her new contract, she worked for another company registered in the Cayman Islands. 

In theory, Grace was now Royston's private, highly paid personal assistant, and part time model, 
whom also provided other services to him and the clients of the new company. In effect, she was 
his plaything, a pet at his beck and call that he could also loan out to others in his network - what 
some called the secretive underbelly of high society - in return for favors. Her choice of clothing 
was dictated at all times by her new company, and he had obviously took great pleasure in taking 
up that responsibility of making sure Grace was dressed more and more like a slut.

To avoid questions asked at home, Royston had Grace move out to a five star hotel, whom she 
explained away to her family that she was traveling on the job. Conveniently, her boyfriend was at 
an overseas assignment, so it was easy for her to lie to him on the phone that everything was going 
well when in fact it was just the reverse. As Royston anticipated, Grace did not think it was a good 
idea for her boyfriend to know about the blowjobs that she had given to Royston, to the office 
janitor, and the handjob that she had given George from Accounts. 

Up until yesterday, when Grace was raped by Mr Shih, she had not yet been fucked. When Mr 
Shih found out about the deal that Grace had with Royston, and Royston's scheme with Nakamori, 
he obviously insisted on this privilege in return for him keeping mum about the whole thing.

Royston wondered when he himself could get to use Grace's tight pussy. Perhaps he could 
convince Nakamori this was necessary for her training. Royston knew that Nakamori had the 
view that if she was overused, her value would diminish. After some contemplation, Royston 
pressed the speaker button on his desk phone and dialed her number.

"Grace?" he called her on his phone. "Come to my office now."

Royston deliberated in his head on how to train Grace further, so that she might get accustomed to 
the notion of being used by others for their sexual pleasure. He already had her suck his cock 
twice, once alone and the second time in front of George. He knew that she was at a point where 
she would not resist too much if he continued making her give him blowjobs. His cock grew hard 
as he thought about ramming his hard cock into her young pussy. While he had fucked her cute 
little mouth twice, he had not fucked her sweet cunt yet. He imagined Grace, naked and on all 
fours on his office couch, with George's cock stuffed in her mouth, and his own cock buried in her 
tight, hot cunt, being fucked by two cocks simultaneously in the front and back.

A few minutes later, Grace appeared at the doorway of his office. He beckoned her in, and for her 
to shut the door behind her. 

Grace was wearing a pink wraparound blouse with a v-neck, a little on the casual side. 
Complementing her short hair was the pair of silvery hoop earrings given to her - the hoops were 
large enough to wear them on her wrists, and when she turned her head, they would gently swing 
about, gently touching her neck. To match the top, she was wearing a skimpy black skirt, and 
strappy flat-heel shoes that bared her toes and revealed much of her small feet. Finally, the anklet 
on her left ankle accentuated her bare legs and feet. 

Her casual attire flouted the office dress code, but then again, none of the bosses would want to 
tell her off, given how sexy she looked. The pink wraparound blouse was attention grabbing 
because it was figure-hugging, and in fact a little too tight and short that it bared her belly-button 
just so slightly. But what made it interesting was that Grace was not wearing any bra underneath 
it. This was her first time in the office when she had come to work without a bra. While she was 
used to wearing strapless tops and camisoles under her jacket, she always wore a bra, even if it 
were strapless bras. 

This morning, when in the hotel Grace received her clothes for the day from the bellboy, she had 
searched the bag but found no bra. She had quizzed the bellboy - who was obviously amused at 
her anxiety - but he said that was all of it that he was asked to deliver. No bra for her. She had 
thought about wearing one nevertheless, but remembered what Royston had said. If she did not 
follow instructions, she was sure he would do more terrible things to humiliate her that would 
surpass her near-orgasm in a conference room full of people.

"Good to see you Grace," Royston said, interrupting her reverie. "Position One girl," Royston 
said.

Grace stared down at the floor. Royston thought he saw her face slightly color. For a moment, 
Royston believed she would refuse. But then, she slowly dropped down to her knees. Her legs 
were spread as wide as she could. Her back was straight and her arms were interlocked behind 
her back. This position had her breasts jutting out.

"Very good, girl." Royston praised the young female executive.

Royston had been training Grace in the last couple of weeks to get into various submissive 
positions in private with him. Initially she resisted, and would do it only upon coercion. Then she 
would do it slowly, and with plenty of protests. Royston was pleased that she got into position 
today without any fuss. Perhaps it had something to do with her being fucked by her boss 
yesterday. Royston had a theory that the more gorgeous and haughty a woman, the easier it was 
to make her obey once she had been broken. Maybe wildcat Grace had been broken by Mr Shih. In 
a minute, Royston would test exactly how pliable Grace had become.

"I see that you are also wearing the earrings and anklet. Well done Grace, you are finally getting 
the hang of it," he smiled, "following instructions aren't so difficult, is it?"

"Thank you, Sir." Grace's eyes looked on the ground, as if she had resigned to her fate that she 
was now under the control of Royston and Mr Shih in the office.

"Now, listen carefully. I want you to remain on your knees, but take off your blouse."

Grace considered that for a second. If she took off her blouse, Royston would be feasting his eyes 
on her naked breasts, as she had no bra on.

"Can - can I lock the door first please?" Grace pleaded. She remembered how the last time she 
gave Royston a blowjob under his desk, his secretary had come into the office looking for him. 
Now she was on her knees in his office. It would be disastrous if someone came in and she was in 
this kneeling position AND half-naked!

"Well, well.. bargaining are you.. alright, I'll give you a choice. You can keep the blouse on, if you 
open it up to reveal your breasts, and the door stays unlocked. If you want to lock the door, you 
can if you take off your blouse completely, AND your skirt AND your panties."

Grace stared at him.

"What is your decision?" Royston leaned back on his leather chair, watching her struggle with her 
choices.

"I - I'll go with the door unlocked." Grace said quietly. No way she was going to be kneeling there 
completely naked in front of Royston! Even if the door was locked. It was just too humiliating for 
her to bear. She decided that she would take her chances that nobody would come barging into 
Royston's office.

"Good. Do it then."

Grace tugged on the sides of the v-neck, slipping one side off her shoulder, then the other side off 
the other shoulder. Royston smiled as he watched the young lady getting ready to show him her 
perky breasts. A month ago this was just a fantasy. With some effort (as the blouse was very tight), 
Grace pulled down the front of the garment, right under her fair breasts. The tightness of the 
blouse and the bunching of material right below her bosom meant that her breasts were jutting out 
obscenely now. Grace put her hands back down on her sides, and looked straight back at Royston, 
trying to put on a look of nonchalance.  In reality, her skin crawled as Royston smiled, his eyes 
virtually caressing her exposed breasts. Finally he spoke.

"Do you know what the earrings and anklet mean, Grace?"

"No Sir."

"The hoops are open circles. It means Grace's slutty mouth is public property. It is open for 
ANYONE to USE. And if someone - male or female - does touch your earlobe while you are 
wearing these slut earrings, you will sink to your knees and open your mouth. Your little slut 
mouth will service whatever cock or pussy is placed in front of it."

Grace's eyes flashed at Royston, her look almost defiant again. Royston saw the fire in them, and 
thought, oh good, it wouldn't be fun if it was too easy. Grace is certainly learning her place, but 
she still has some way to go before she becomes a truly submissive slut.

"As for the anklet on your lovely leg, I see you have added one more bead that you have been 
given this morning," he laughed. "Each bead represents the number of different men you have 
serviced. You have four now - congratulations!"

Grace's neck turned hot in anger and embarassment, but she controlled her outrage and managed 
not to speak out. She had given blowjobs to Royston and the office janitor. That makes two. And 
then the handjob to George. That's three. And yesterday, when she was... violated by Shih. That's 
four. She could hardly bear the humiliation now that she would be always wearing the anklet 
which would show to the world, for all those who knew, how many men she had been used by.

Grace gritted her teeth, wanting to say how much she hated Royston and how she thought he was 
a bastard. But she suppressed it, and replied instead, "Thank you sir."

"You're welcome, pet."

"Now come over and let me use your mouth."

Grace crawled forward to his chair. Royston was already coaxing his cock out of his pants, giving 
it a few pumps to make it long and hard for Grace's small mouth. 

As Grace crawled between his legs, Royston tugged one of her earlobes where she was wearing 
the hoop earrings. Obediently, she opened her mouth. He moaned as he felt the girl's warm wet 
mouth encircle his erection.  Grace began to suck his cock. This was the third time already he had 
made her give him a blowjob. Royston noted that she was getting better now, taking his cock more 
deeply into her mouth, as her head bobbed up and down on his cock. With Grace's mouth filled, 
Royston would pull her head slightly to one side, and lift her hair - so that he might see exactly 
how she looked like with her mouth wide open and his cock deep inside it. "What a slut you look 
like, Grace," he said. The biting humiliation hurt Grace but she continued sucking. He added, 
"Ahhh...your face just looks like it was made to be stuffed full of cock." 

Grace's head bobbed up and down. Soon, Royston felt his scrotum contracting - his hands gripped 
her head tightly as he neared his climax. Unlike the previous occasions though, Royston did not 
plan on cumming in her mouth this time. Just as he felt the point of ejaculation arrive, Royston 
pulled his cock out of Grace's mouth, and held her chin firmly in place with one hand. His fist 
pumping his cock, he splattered his thick white cum all over her face. Caught by surprise, Grace 
could not move her face away as he held her head there. Shutting her eyes, she felt the hot semen 
splatter on her face. Grace shut her lips tight, not wanting to taste his salty jism, which ran all over 
her face, eyes and lips.

As Royston's cock twitched and deposited the last of his ejaculate on her face, he said, "Oh god, 
that felt good. Shit, you look great with all that cum on your face." The man laughed, and zipped 
himself up. "You may go now my little cum-slut. But before you go, say thank you." 

 "Thank you Sir," she said, her voice breaking. She felt like she was going to burst into tears any 
second. She has never felt so humiliated and dirty.

"Thank you for what?" Royston replied, a grin on his face.

"Thank you for cumming on my face Sir," she said. Grace started to cry. She felt dirty AND cheap.

Wiping her face, best as she could, she pulled her blouse back up to cover her tits, and left 
Royston's office.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------




Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far: 

Chapters 1-3 : Grace is a rising office executive in her twenties, who in a moment 
of folly embezzles some money from her company. After her colleague and rival, 
Royston, discovers her secret, Grace is made to go for a dinner in a sheer evening 
gown with his client Mr Nakamori, who takes a fancy to her. In the office, Royston 
blackmails her into giving him and the office janitor a blowjob. 

Chapters 4-6: To pay back the money she took, Grace signs up for a photography shoot 
with Nakamori, not knowing that it would progress from skimpy bikinis to pictures of 
her topless, getting bound and spanked, verbally humiliated, and made to bark like a 
dog. She is made to show her pussy and masturbate under the threat of the video of 
her giving blowjobs in the office being made public. She is forced to go to work 
with a vibrator and short skirt, and made to orgasm in the office. The humiliation 
escalates with Royston making her give him a blowjob in front of another male co-
worker, and then giving the co-worker a handjob. 

Chapters 7-9: Royston blackmails Grace into wearing revealing clothes and a vibrator 
to an office presentation by threatening to play the video of her half-naked and 
crawling around on all fours. At the presentation, Grace nearly orgasms from the 
vibrator, and is tricked by Royston to expose herself. Grace is called by her 
supervisor into his office. He chastises her for stealing from the company, and 
rapes her. Royston continues Grace's humiliation by making her strip and get into 
submissive positions in his office, and gives her a facial. The story continues..


Chapter Ten (MF, nc, molest, exhibitionism)
-----------------------------------------------------------

It was Wednesday morning.

Grace was wearing a tank-top that was cut-off at the waist. And a beach skirt that was extremely short. So short 
that if she bent forward forty-five degrees, someone standing behind would see her thong-covered ass. If the 
wind blew slightly, everybody could see her thong-covered ass. Standing by her side was Royston, and as they 
walked out of the hotel lobby, Royston was pleased to observe that Grace was a little distressed by the attention 
that she was getting from all around her. 

Coupled with a pair of sandals and her anklet, crimson red lip-gloss, and a pair of sunshades in her hair, Grace 
was a head-turner. There was plenty of leg to admire, not to mention her bare midriff, and shoulders. Normally 
she wouldn't mind going out like this, but for the second time this week, she was not allowed to wear a bra. She 
was going out braless. Just the tight tank-top, and she knew that if someone looked carefully they would know 
she was not wearing a bra because the outline of her nipple was visible through the thin cotton garment. 

Adding to her discomfort in going out like this was that she had a slim silver vibrator under her thongs, buried in 
her pussy. She knew the Royston's finger was on the remote control, in the pocket of his pants. Knowing that 
Grace would find it hard to go out this morning dressed like that, Royston had offered to escort her personally to 
her next photography shoot with Joe.

When Royston walked past the line of taxis waiting outside the hotel, Grace pulled his arm. "Wait, why aren't we 
taking the cabs here?"

Royston turned around, a grin on his face. "Who said we're taking a cab? We're taking the bus today."

With much dismay, Grace followed Royston to the bus-stop. There was an old lady with a shopping basket, and a 
scruffy looking man dressed in overalls, waiting at the bus-stop. The old lady did not bat an eyelid at them, but 
the man couldn't stop staring at Grace. 

"Listen up Grace. We're taking the bus today because Nakamori says you're not ready for your next photo-shoot. 
I told him you're ready. Now you know that if you don't finish your shoot, you don't get the money right? So you 
need to help me to help you."

"What did you say I am ready for?" Grace enquired.

"Your outdoor shoot." Royston replied.

"What??" Grace did not quite get it.

"Nakamori will explain more later girl. Don't be impatient. Now all you need to do first is to convince him, and 
me, that you're ready. Otherwise we go back to the hotel."

"Okay, what am I supposed to do?"

"Since it's an outdoor shoot, you need to be able to take instructions in a public place," Royston paused for this to 
sink in. "So to prove now to Nakamori that you're ready, I'm going to give you two instructions. First of all, from 
now on, whenever you are taking public transport, you are to sit with your legs open as long as nobody is looking 
at you. Yes, you heard me - legs open. Be it a bus, subway or taxi. Second of all, if you are traveling with me, or 
Nakamori, or any other person that we deem it necessary, your private parts will remain accessible to your 
companion at all times. That means you will allow me to touch your breasts or pussy when it pleases me to -  you 
will not refuse me."

"You can't do that!"

"Yes I can. Tell you what. To make it easier for you, I will not do that if there is someone watching alright?"

"I don't know."

"That's not a good answer. No shoot, no money. Your choice. You still have to repay back the money you took in 
a month or you'll go to jail."

Grace was in mental agony. Royston looked at her and said, "Here comes the bus. Follow me." 

Royston let the old lady board the bus first. Then he boarded the bus, his long legs making the big steps of the bus 
easily. Then Grace boarded the bus. Smartly, the scruffy man in overalls boarded the bus after Grace, admiring 
the legs and butt of the girl getting up in front of him. Grace could feel him looking up her skirt as she boarded 
the bus,  but there was nothing she could do.

Royston leaned over to her and whispered,"If you don't do as I say on the bus, I will switch on the vibrator."

Grace bit her lip as she followed closely behind Royston meekly. She certainly did not want to have to have the 
vibrator buzzing in her pussy, and pushing her to the edge of an orgasm in a bus full of people.

There were no seats on the bus, and there were already a number of people standing up. There were mostly 
middle-class workers going to work, but there were also office professionals, and a few high-school students. 
Grace stood next to Royston, keeping close to him, feeling self-conscious about her extremely short skirt, and 
tank-top that showed off her midriff. She really looked out of place, as if she was going to the beach. 

Over the next few bus-stops, the bus started getting packed with passengers. Grace herself was sandwiched 
between Royston, and another man carrying a briefcase, while seated in front of her now - as more people 
boarding at the front of the bus pushed the standing passengers toward the back of the bus - was the scruffy 
looking man. How did he managed to squeeze in past them and find a seat? 

The seated man's eyes lit up when he realized Grace was standing right in front of him. The fact that he was 
seated while she was standing next to him also meant that his head was at the level of her bosom. From her angle 
and distance, she was also unable to tell if his eyes were roving at her cute belly-button or at the soft smooth skin 
of her thighs just inches away from him.

The man stared at Grace's bosom, his eyes tracing the contour of her nipples slightly visible from under the tight 
garment, trying to imagine what her nipples looked like. He fantasized about touching the young lady whose 
body was pressed against him because of the crowded bus - he imagined his hand going under her tank-top, 
caressing her soft breasts, his other hand caressing her inner thighs as she stood helplessly pinned against him.

More people got on and off the bus. Grace tried to shift toward the back of the bus, but Royston barely budged, 
ignoring her as eager men squeezed past the scantily-clad girl, brushing against and pushing their groin into 
petite Grace's ass. Royston wondered how many hard cocks there were that morning under all those pants as the 
many male passengers on the bus pushed into, and squeezed past his pretty companion's scantily-clad ass.

As the bus lurched to a stop at the next traffic light, that was when Grace felt a hand brush her bum. Hoping it 
was accidental, she did not turn her head to see who it was. The bus moved off again, and then she felt the hand - 
this time, it stayed on her bum under her short beach skirt. Grace moved her body forward in alarm (much to the 
delight of Mr Scruffy as the lovely thighs came so close toward him he could touch her pussy with his fingers if 
he wanted to). Grace tried to turn her head, but it was too crowded that she could not tell who it was who got his 
hand on her butt. 

"Roy!" she whispered, trying to catch Royston's attention. The hand moved away. Grace moved her body back as 
she realized that Mr Scruffy seemed to be leaning toward her bosom. 

"What?" Royston turned his head toward Grace. Grace leaned toward his ear and whispered, "I - There's 
someone... behind... touching me."

"Stay where you are. Don't move. If you move, I'll turn on the vibrator," he whispered back. Royston secretly 
smiled. This was what he wanted. He knew this bus would be crowded, and mainly with men who could not 
pass up the chance of feeling up such a pretty chick in town who happened to be on the wrong bus. And to be 
wearing such skimpy clothes was simply asking for it.

Grace closed her eyes, not believing what was happening to her. Again, she felt the hand, more daring now. It 
was squeezing her left ass-cheek. Grace endured her molestation by the unseen stranger, only because it would be 
worse if Royston turned on the vibrator! She did not want to get wet and aroused on a bus full of people while 
some unknown hand caressed her ass brazenly. She could imagine the consequences if the hand found her 
panties soaked wet with her juices. As this thought crossed her mind, a delicious shiver escaped through her 
body, and at once she felt shocked at herself. 

The hand moved to the other ass-cheek, then lower into her ass-crack. Grace almost let out a scream. Her heart 
was pounding now. What if the hand pulled her panties down on this crowded bus. Would she allow it ? And 
then what if the molester started touching her pussy? Is Royston going to stand there next to her pretending 
nothing is happening while the hand molested her naked pussy? Grace started to panic as she felt the fingers 
move down to her crotch between her inner thighs. Would the fingers feel the end of the vibrator in her pussy 
through the panties? The molester would soon find out this slut has a vibrator up her cunt while wearing such a 
skimpy skirt, a tight tank-top and no bra on a crowded bus ! What a slut, asking to be molested, he would be sure 
to think!

Grace opened her eyes, and realized that the half the bus had just emptied. It was one of the major stops down-
town. The molesting hand was also gone. Royston pointed out a pair of empty seats right behind the exit of the 
bus. With a sigh of relief, Grace moved towards the seats, and sat down together with Royston.

"You remember my instructions Grace?"

Grace nodded. Making sure there was nobody was looking in their direction, Grace slowly opened her legs, and 
kept them open as she sat there.  Royston nodded his approval.

Just then, the three high-school students  - two guys and a girl - got up from their seats and moved to the exit. 
Grace quickly closed her legs as they approached. Grace could swear the guys were smiling at her as they 
stepped off the bus. And so Grace repeated this exercise of keeping her legs open when nobody was near, and 
then closing them whenever someone wanted to get off the bus. It helped that as their seats were right behind the 
exit, there was a panel in front of their seats which protected her modesty. The more times she did this, it became 
easier.

Royston was thinking to himself that with some practice Grace would soon unconsciously shed her inhibitions 
about her exposure, as she told herself that nobody would see what she was doing. Then with more practice, he 
would soon have her do this in a public place knowing she would be observed by other people - once her sense of 
modesty is overcome, she will become a well-trained slut that would sit appropriately with her legs open at all 
times, or exhibit herself at her master's leisure.

Grace cringed as she suddenly felt Royston's hand under her tank-top. He was reaching for her breasts. Trying 
not to struggle, she couldn't help but still squirm. Finally she managed to overcome her natural reaction of trying 
to flee from the assault. Royston let a small smile escape, as his right hand roamed under her tank-top freely, 
feeling her perky breasts. This was really cool. Grace the department favorite, the office hottie, now giving him 
free access to her boobs. 

As Grace felt her right nipple becoming erect from being between Royston's thumb and forefinger, she noticed 
the old lady from the bus-stop getting up from her seat. As she hobbled toward the exit in their direction, Grace 
pushed Royston's hand away. Grace figured that even if somebody saw them, they would only assume they were 
a horny couple.

"Good. You are ready for Nakamori now." Royston smiled. 

Finally it was their stop, near the photography studio. As they waited for the bus to come to a stop, Grace felt her 
heart leap to her throat, as she stood at the exit of the bus and saw the mirror that was above her head. The mirror 
was there so that the bus driver could see people getting off the bus safely before he shut the doors. Looking in 
the mirror, Grace realized too late that the driver could probably see what was going on where they were sitting! 
While the driver couldn't have seen under her skirt, he would have be able to see her opening her legs whenever 
there was nobody close by, and then closing her legs whenever someone was approaching. Furthermore, he must 
have seen Royston feeling up her breasts under the tank-top, and the fact that she let him do so for five minutes! 
Grace's face turned bright red as she quickly glanced in the mirror and saw the elderly male bus driver looking in 
their direction. 

When the bus came to a stop, Grace hurriedly alighted and started walking briskly toward the building that 
housed the studio. Royston appeared to be amused at her haste, as he said, "Can't wait for your photo session to 
begin Grace?"

----------------------------------
Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 11

Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)


Chapter Eleven (MF, lingerie, D/s,vibrator)
---------------------------------------------------------

Grace and Royston went through the posh glass doors that were the entrance to Joe's photography studio. Grace 
noticed that the pretty receptionist Natasha was not at the reception today.

Royston brought Grace to one of the studios, and told her to wait there for Joe, while Royston had to make a 
couple of phone calls. 

As Grace waited, she recalled the previous photography shoot which was just a few days ago. She had to model 
several pieces of lingerie. 

First was a 'carabaret' half-cup bra in red color that had embroidered floral detail on the straps and cups, which 
matched her look of young femininity. The only thing was that the bra cups were actually quite sheer and the 
embroidered light and dark patterns camouflaged the darker color of the areola visible under the material, 
making the undergarment look deceptively demure at first glance. Upon close-up though, the shape and color of 
her nipples can be seen, so normally Grace would not have worn this. But knowing that she had little choice if she 
wanted to pay-back the money she stolen, so she agreed to model it. Joe of course, made sure that he had several 
close-ups of Grace showing her nipples visible.

The second piece of lingerie she had to model made her blush. It was also a demi-cup bra, underwired, in 
raspberry red and black. This time though, it was completely sheer, and had only some sparse patterns of lace 
embroidery that gave any sense of modesty. Her areola would be very visible if she wore this. Matching the 
temptress top, Grace was made to wear a sheer black shorty - once again, completely sheer with the exception of 
some scant embroidered red and black patterns. Taking the pictures of Grace wearing this together with the sheer 
bra, Joe's cock grew hard as he could see her small pubic bush visible under the sheer shorty. 

The third set of lingerie Grace had to model was a white bandeau bra and 'lip-hugger' panties. The bra, made of 
soft stretchy fabric that was satin-smooth, hugged and defined the bust, but was so thin that the darker color of 
the nipples under the white fabric can be seen. The sexy see-through lip-hugger was made to show off the wearer 
- a special seam down the front separated the pubic area for a dramatic look and great feeling to its wearer. In 
this series of shots, Grace wore a necklace of pearls and had a glass of white wine in her hand, normally making 
this a very classy scene. But, wearing the lip-hugger, Grace felt especially exposed and vulnerable, regretting how 
she must look as Joe kept on taking photographs of her.

Lastly, Nakamori wanted to see what Grace looked like in wedding lingerie. He chose for her the "Opulence" 
bustier, which had shaped, underwired cups and a fitted body, with a lace-up pattern at the front. The Opulence 
thong was in semi-sheer mesh, and featured indulgent floral embroidery and delicate shaped edging at the waist 
and the legs. Coupled with the thong, Nakamori had Grace wear the stockings and garters that came with it - 
luxury embroidered sheer mesh with embroidered strapping and soft ribbon coverings. Standing back, both men 
heaved a sigh of wonder. The petite girl was pure allure in the bustier, thongs, stockings and garter-belt - with 
detailed floral embroidery and panels of sheer mesh all over, Grace was a vision of fantasy that would stoke the 
fires in the loins of any bridegroom on that special night. Except now there was no special night - rather Grace's 
lingerie pictures belonged to Nakamori now, and would fuel the fantasies of a voyeuristic clientele that enjoyed 
the perverted and gradual deflowering of a maiden.

The memories of the lingerie shoot playing in her mind, Grace felt increasingly nervous about what they had in 
mind for her today.

Hearing some voices next door, Grace peered out of her room. As the door to the adjacent room across the hall 
was slightly ajar, she realized that Natasha was in that adjacent room. What astonished her was the fact that 
Natasha was wearing a leash and collar on her neck, naked, and on all fours on the carpeted floor. As the door 
was not fully open, she could not yet see who Natasha was facing or talking to.

"Please fuck me Sir," the receptionist pleaded softly. "Natasha's slut cunt needs a fucking badly," she said, 
putting her forehead on the floor, her ass sticking out.

"Not today, Nat. You have not earned it. Your reward will come later. We have much work to do today." It was 
Nakamori's voice that replied, so Grace assumed he was standing there behind the door in front of the pronated 
receptionist.

Natasha turned her head and saw Grace looking at her through the doorway. She gave a slight, knowing smile. 
Which was unusual because Grace had never seen her smile at her the last two times they met. Then someone on 
the other side of the door closed the door shut.

Five minutes later, Royston returned to Grace's room with Joe. Royston instructed her to get into position. After 
all, Nakamori did tell her during the first photo-shoot that from then on, Grace would always be on all fours in 
front of him unless permission was given otherwise. "Hello Grace," Joe grinned widely, "its real good to see you 
again...hehe.."

"Hi... Sir," Grace forced herself to return the greeting, as she sank to her knees. For a moment she was going to 
address Joe by his name, but remembered what she had been taught the last time she was in the studio.

Grace obediently got into position on the floor - knees, elbows, arms and open palms all touching the cold floor. 
The middle-aged Japanese man called Nakamori entered. Grace was in Position Three, a position that signified 
her absolute submission, almost like a kow-tow but where kow-tow required one's forehead to touch the ground 
this position only required the lower arms and palms to be flat on the ground but did not require her forehead to 
be touching the ground. Nakamori preferred this position for his girls as they would still be looking up from him 
where they are, and he could see their pretty faces, and this position most resembled a puppy crouching on the 
ground, ready to play with its master.

"Today is your fifth photo shoot, is it not?" Nakamori said to Grace.

"Yes it is Sir," she replied, from her submissive position on the floor.

"Good. You have done well so far Grace... you may get up into kneeling position."

"Yes sir, thank you." Grace lifted up her upper body, but still stayed on her knees, looking up at the older, tall 
and well-tanned Japanese man who stood in front of her.  Royston watched from a short distance away.

Nakamori marveled at how much progress has already been made with the training of the attractive female office 
executive. With Royston's help, Grace has already been accustomed to taking instructions to get into display 
positions in private. In time she will grow more and more used to obeying and accepting that displaying her 
body is part of her duties as a slut. Grace has also learnt that choice of her underwear and what she wears in 
public is completely dictated by Royston. The notion that she has no control over her attire whatsoever, and that 
she simply has to wear what she has been told to wear each day would soon become second nature to her. 

As Nakamori had done before with several girls, once a girl is used to private display and accepting that she no 
longer controls the way she dresses and walks, the next stage of training required the girl to learn (usually while 
dressed in short skirts, or skimpy dresses) to sit with her legs parted - the natural posture of a slut. It starts out 
with insisting that the girl open her legs and display herself whenever nobody is watching, like in a quiet 
restaurant, or while seated in a cab, bus, or subway. Again the girl is conditioned to behave and think that her 
natural state is being exposed and available.

It progresses quickly then to the girl having to give immediate access to her body at all times to her trainer or 
master. To reinforce this, the girl is usually required to wear a baby-tee or cutoff tank-top which stops just below 
the breasts, with no bra or with a cord binding the breasts lightly to make them protrude out. The master would 
make sure to take every opportunity touch and squeeze her tits by putting a hand under her t-shirt or blouse. For 
the bottom, it could be side-tie panties under a short skirt (or a skirt with a high slit)  that the master could untie 
easily and massage her pussy while seated next to the girl in a restaurant or the bus, hidden by the table cloth or a 
strategically placed bag. In the earlier stages of this, the master would touch her body only when the girl is 
confident that there is nobody watching, but this would gradually be carried out more and more openly. If she 
protests, she will be suitably punished. Once the girl learns the feeling of being accessible and docile at all times, 
and understands that her body is her master's property for him to use as it pleases him, she is ready to move on.

The fourth stage is when the girl is brought to a secluded but public place. She will be required, upon command, 
to exhibit herself at this point. Sometimes the girl would be wearing a top that she can easily lift or open to show 
her tits, while other times it would be a long coat that she would be expected to unzip or unbutton completely, 
upon request,  to reveal provocative slutwear underneath. Nakamori delighted in seeing the expression on many 
a girl's face as they mentally resist opening up their blouses to expose their naked tits, or lifting up their skirts for 
him like a cheap whore, knowing there was a definite risk of being observed. So many of Nakamori's girls would 
demonstrate the great reluctance to comply at this stage, but he found that he would frequently discover them 
soaking wet between their legs upon inspection. The goal of course, is a slut who would display herself upon 
command, in private to her master in front of his guests, or in public even in the presence of other people. 
Nakamori looked forward to the day he would have Grace willingly display herself to his friends at his simple 
command, and let her body be inspected by his guests without question.

"You look like you want to ask me a question, Grace?"

"Yes, Sir. How many more of these photography sessions do I have to do?"

"Well you've completed the bikini series and have been doing the lingerie series. Today, you are starting on the 
bondage series, and then you should be done by next week," replied Nakamori.

Grace's mind spun as she tried to process what he meant by 'bondage series', but she had another more urgent 
question."Why are you taking all these pictures of me, Sir?" she asked timidly.

"We're making your personal photo album, Grace. An insurance policy for us to make sure you complete all your 
obligations to us. And I'm sure you agree with me, the fact that we have all these pictures of you in various states 
of undress keeps you on your toes. They keep you obedient. Should you be entertaining any thoughts of running 
away from us, just bear in mind that your family and friends will all be receiving about two dozen full sized, full 
color photographs of you in my latest swimwear line," said Nakamori with a smile.

Grace recalled in dismay that some of these bikinis she modeled for him were not much bigger than a postage 
stamp.

"Uhhhhh...." An involuntary cry escaped from Grace's mouth. She almost doubled over in her kneeling position 
as an overwhelming pulsation surged through her nether regions. Royston had turned on the slim silver vibrator 
which is still buried in her pussy ! Grace gritted her teeth, trying to fight the tiny oscillations hammering her 
tender vaginal walls mercilessly at a hundred times per second.

Nakamori continued talking, as if nothing had happened. He said, "I'm sure your father and uncles would have 
quite a reaction seeing that much of you in their mailbox. And remember that no matter what company you are 
working for next, just imagine all the men in the company receiving an invitation to join an electronic mailing list 
where they can subscribe to pictures of Grace in her lingerie, sent to their mailbox every week. One week they'll 
see you in that alluring translucent babydoll chemise you wore for last week's shoot. Another week it will be you 
in sexy red garters and sheer lattice bustier. Yet another week it may be this half-cup bra and v-string here." 

Joe, with a grin on his face, was holding up a dark red v-string that looked so scanty she might as well not be 
wearing any panties if she put those on. If she wore this, her pussy lips would be clearly visible around the string 
which went up her ass. The half-cup bra was literally only going to cover the bottom half of her breasts, with the 
top of her nipples peeking out.

Grace shook her head in indignation and agony, trying to fight the assault of the vibrator on her pussy. "Why 
don't you just.. you know... just  - "

"Fuck you?" Nakamori finished the thought in her mind.

Nakamori laughed, and looked at Joe and Royston, who also joined in the laughter. Grace felt her face burn in 
shame. Isn't that what they want? She shut her eyes, trying to fight the growing sensation of liquid fire between 
her legs.

"In time you will realize that me fucking you is your privilege. You will be asking for it, begging for it." 
Nakamori said matter-of-factly, without any hint of bragging or arrogance.

"Any more questions?" said Nakamori. Grace had her arms folded over her lower abdomen, and was feeling a 
little off to concentrate on the conversation. The delicious sensations infiltrating the pores of her entire body were 
starting to get to her. 

"No? Good. By the end of today, you would have earned ten thousand in addition to the first ten thousand you 
had already earned. By the time you finish the final shoot next week, you would have earned another ten 
thousand."

Grace would have jumped for joy, if not for the fact that she was kneeling on the floor in front of the three men, 
writhing in forbidden pleasure from the vibrator humming in her pussy, enduring the sexual humiliation. 
Through her fevered mind, Grace told herself that there is an end to her nightmare in sight now! Though she was 
forced initially to strip in the first photography session against her will - where she had those disgraceful pictures 
taken of her in a dog leash and collar,  it seems that Royston and Nakamori are keeping their word in her 
payment. Ten grand by this week and ten more for next week! With thirty grand in her pocket, she would be one 
step closer to paying off the amount she stole that got her into this mess.

"However," continued Nakamori, "I have taken over the one hundred thousand that Royston had put up for you. 
So I am your owner now. You will do my will as long as you owe me the one hundred grand."

A soft cry escaped again from Grace, as she felt the pounding rhythms in her pussy multiply. Royston the bastard 
must have turned up the intensity of the vibrator even higher!

Through the half-daze of fighting the inexorable sensations that continue to pulse through her tense body, she 
heard Nakamori's voice drone on. "In the next six months, your body is mine to use, at my pleasure. Your body 
will be mine to offer to anyone to use, at my pleasure. Your body will be used in any manner that they choose, as 
long as you are not put in any situation of physical danger or permanent harm. For each night, you will earn back 
one thousand per night.. Thirty days a month multiplied by one grand per night, multiplied by six months, that's 
enough to repay me a hundred, plus eighty grand more extra for yourself. "

"You want me to be a prostitute?" Grace gasped in indignation. Her hands balled up in fists, but they remained 
on her side. She dared not show any disrespect in front of Nakamori. The last time she did, she had learnt her 
lesson.  Nakamori did not reply immediately but merely watched the beautiful girl, kneeling in front of him.

Grace felt flushed and breathless. In spite of herself, she felt the first tell-tale signs of a dam building up in her 
nether regions. Her nipples were taut and erect. Her body was bathed in a fine sheen of perspiration, from the 
effort of staying in control of the wild stimulations threatening to consume her entire being in orgasmic release.

Nakamori replied, "Call it whatever you like. If for some reason after six months you are unable to pay me back 
the hundred you owe, this album is your auction book. I know a Middle-Eastern trader who is looking to buy 
fair-skinned petite girls like yourself. You WILL be auctioned off to the highest bidder. With some luck, you'll 
end up in some rich oil Sheik's camp for sex slaves somewhere in the Sahara." 

Grace felt her hands and feet turning cold, as she visualized for a few seconds in her mind what it's like being 
sold as a slave.

"Well enuff said. Let's go for the shoot," said Nakamori, standing up. "Before we go outdoors though, I want you 
to orgasm here."

Grace's eyes fluttered open as she hung on the edge. She could feel the dam swelling, and the orgasm 
approaching.

"Come on Grace... I know you're almost there. If you don't cum in here, I will make you cum outdoors. Be a 
good girl now and I won't make you go out for the shoot with a vibrator in your pussy. Don't fight it any more. 
You don't want to cum in public in front of strangers, do you? Girl, you have permission to cum... NOW!!"

Grace stifled her cry, as the dam burst. Wave after wave of pleasure engulfed her, as her small body convulsed. 
With both her fists clenched, Grace rode the crest of the wave of orgasm, her small mouth open in a soft cry. The 
pleasure showed on her flushed face despite all her efforts to stop spending herself. Finally, her body sapped of 
energy, she felt herself slumping to the floor. Grace felt utterly disgraced, cumming so wantonly in front of the 
three men.

-----------------------------------
Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 12

Grace's Hard Lessons
================
By Dark Avenger (send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

Chapter Twelve (MF, humiliation, piercing,public D/s) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

"First stop," said Nakamori, beckoning Grace inside the shop tucked away in the corner of the mall. He had 
brought Grace to a high-end shopping mall, with numerous fashion boutiques spread out over five luxurious 
floors, including brand names like Gucci, Hugo Boss, Prada, Chloe, and Lanvin. In the corner of the second floor, 
there was a small shop selling jewelry. 

Grace was wearing a long overcoat. Under the coat, she was wearing a black leather harness that she was made to 
put on in the photo-studio. When she opened the box that she was given by Joe in the studio, she had let out an 
audible gasp. It was like a series of leather straps with small metal studs embedded along every inch of its length.  
It made her think it was a harness for an animal. It took some time to figure out how to put on the leather outfit. 

Back in the studio, she had looked at herself in the mirror, and realized that it would be less embarrassing if she 
were totally naked.  The black leather on her fair skin accentuated where the outfit did not cover her, which was 
more than the area where it did cover her.  There were straps which ran diagonally across her chest connecting 
from two small metal "O" rings on her shoulders near her collarbone, to a another slightly larger "O" ring in the 
center of her chest.  From this ring there were two more leather straps which extended diagonally out below and 
then converged again at another metal ring over her navel, and then eventually connected downward to the 
crotch panel. The crotch panel was a diamond shaped piece of leather that barely covered her pussy from the 
front, but her ass was totally bare on the back.  Connecting to the straps across her chest were two small 
triangular flaps of black leather which were the breast panels. When the breast panels were not tied to the 
shoulder straps, her tits were on display like she was wearing a cupless bra.

In the shop, Grace felt very uneasy wearing only this leather harness under her coat. Nakamori picked out a silver 
belly-button stud for her from the display. "We do piercings" was the sign in the display. Grace realized, a little 
too late, the significance of them coming in here. 

"Sir, please... can I not do this?" Grace pleaded with the older man. 

Nakamori replied, "The choice is not yours, Grace. Now open your coat so that we can move on."

With some reluctance, Grace opened her coat a little, conscious that the lady shop-owner would be shocked to see 
the harness that she was wearing on her body - a harness that felt more degrading to wear than being totally 
naked. 

The lady only smiled, and made her sit down on a comfortable chair whose back leaned all the way back. The 
lady worked efficiently, using a sterilized swab to wipe her belly-button and then marked on her skin two dots. 
Grace grimaced in pain as she felt the clamp. The lady told her that she was going to count to three. Grace closed 
her eyes, feeling scared. "Oww..." Grace cried. Before she knew it, the lady had already pierced her belly-button. 
Grace was surprised that the clamp had actually been more painful than the piercing itself.

"Next - I want you to put this on," said Nakamori, as the lady helped Grace out of her chair. Grace was looking at 
herself in the full length mirror, at her silver belly-button stud. Nakamori had a collar in her hand, much like the 
one he had her wear in her first photography shoot. Embarrassed as she was, Grace let Nakamori put on the 
collar for her in the shop. Grace looked quite stunning with high heels, a coat that covered her from head to calf 
(except for the bared belly-button with a stud), and what looked to most people like a choker around her neck. 

At the back of the collar was a metal link but it was partly hidden by her hair. Nakamori took out a very short 
leash of about three inches, just enough for one to slip the fingers through, and clipped it onto the link. Using this 
leash, he led Grace out of the shop. Grace felt even more shamed that not only was she forced to wear the leather 
harness under the coat, and just been pierced without her consent, she was being led around like a dog, with a 
collar and a leash! She comforted herself saying that the leash was not really visible, and that nobody really knew, 
besides herself, Nakamori, and Joe, that she was wearing a collar and not a choker. Nakamori of course, just 
smiled to himself. In time, that leash would become longer and longer, and more obvious to bystanders until one 
day he would be leading Grace in public with a long leash.

"Alright, where's the first location Joe?" Nakamori asked. While Grace walked slightly ahead of the tall Japanese 
man, he had one hand on her shoulder, looped through the leash, which he would tug to bring her into step if she 
moved too far away from them.

"I would like to start of with a series of shots in a location that gives us a sense of motion," said Joe cryptically.

"Motion? You mean like the escalator?" Nakamori enquired. "You want Grace to take off her coat and pose for 
you on the escalator?"

"Nooo!" Grace tried to turn around, almost dropping to her knees in shock. But Nakamori held firmly to her 
leash, making her stand up, and look forward, as he himself turned to Joe, ignoring her completely.

Nakamori commented, "That's going to attract too much attention - not in this mall. There are too many people 
at this time."

Grace felt like dying there and then. She could not be wearing just that impossibly lewd attire that would tell 
everyone that she was a slut slave, while taking the escalator! Not even for just half a minute. Unconsciously 
Grace grabbed onto the two sides of the front of her coat tightly.

"Hmm... how about the elevator?" said Joe.

"Yes, that's fine. Let's go," replied Nakamori.

Nakamori led Grace by the leash toward the direction of the elevators.

"Sir, can't we do this at another place where there's less people?" Grace said. She quickly corrected herself, 
"Where there's NO people around?"

"Why yes, for your third and last location, there won't be any people around."

Knowing it was useless to resist - no, it might even make matters worse if she resisted - Grace relented, and 
followed docilely. The elevator they were heading to was in the corner of the mall, and less people frequented 
that area, compared to the escalators which were right there in the open, and starting to get crowded with 
shoppers.

They arrived at the elevator. Joe started to setup his equipment, putting out his tripod, and then his flash. 

Nakamori unhooked the leash from Grace's collar, and beckoned her to stand by the elevator door.

"Relax Grace... after all the photo shoots we've been through, you should be a pro by now," said Nakamori in a 
half-smile.

Grace did not reply. She stood there, in her long coat, conscious that she was wearing only a slut leather harness 
underneath.

"Ok, first pose. Stand on the right of the elevator door and face us. Put your right hand over the elevator button 
as if you are going to press it."

Grace obeyed. Joe took the first photo, his flash bulb going off. He followed with a few more.

"Now, turn around and face the elevator. Unbutton the top three buttons of your coat."

Grace's hands were feeling cold and slightly sweaty from the anxiety, but she followed Joe's instructions.

"Good. I want you to slide the coat off your shoulders, but keep it draped around your elbows. Keep your arms 
bent."

Grace glanced anxiously at the corridor behind Joe and Nakamori, concerned that some shoppers may 
inadvertently stumble upon them. 

As if anticipating her concern, Nakamori said in a loud voice, "Don't worry, its still early. Not many shoppers 
around yet. But if you don't hurry, there'll be more people later."

Her fingers trembling, Grace slid off the top of the coat, baring her creamy white shoulders and back. From her 
front, she was exposing the studded black leather harness that barely covered her upper body with the criss-cross 
strips of leather. But as she was facing away from Joe's camera, she was 'safe' for now.

Joe was focusing his camera. "I need to see more of your lower back. Unbutton the next button down from the top 
and lower your coat even more."

Grace unbuttoned the fourth button of the top half of her coat, and saw the new shiny silver stud on her belly-
button. The piercing, of which she had no say, reminded her of her new status - that she had no longer had 
control over her body dressed or acted.
 
"Alright, hold that position, " said Joe as he re-focused his camera.

BING! The elevator door suddenly opened. Grace let out a tiny squeal as she quickly pulled up her coat, 
simultaneously turning away from the elevator door in panic. There was nobody in the elevator.

Both Joe and Nakamori burst into laughter. Grace felt extremely distressed.

The elevator door closed and the elevator began its descent. Grace watched the floor indicator showing the 
elevator going down.

"Alright, Grace. That position again." Joe said.

Grace reluctantly faced the elevator door again, and led the coat slide around her shoulders to her elbow, 
exposing her leather encased bosom to an imaginary observer in front of her.

Joe snapped two shots. "Okay, now turn your head as far right as you can without moving your body."

Joe took another few shots with Grace's side profile of her face, with her exposed back.

Grace would periodically glance at the floor indicator to make sure the elevator door was not going to open 
unexpectedly again. It would be very humiliating to be caught with her the top of her coat open, and strangers 
staring at the daring leather costume encasing her upper body.

"Alright, you may button up the top now, and turn around Grace." 

Grace turned around, gratefully unbuttoning the top of her coat.

"Now press the elevator button. We will take a few shots of you standing against the open elevator door."

Grace did as instructed. BING! The elevator came and the doors opened. 

"Now, stand in the doorway Grace. Put your left arm up against the doorway, and lean your body against it. No, 
your elbow higher up, I want your head to be leaning on, almost cradled, in your arm. Yes, now give a big smile 
to the camera.."

Nakamori smiled as he saw the sexy pose of the girl leaning against the doorway of the elevator, her left  
shoulder next to her chin as she looked straight ahead at the camera.

"I want you to lean a little more. Put your feet further away, thrust your hips to the side. Looks like your coat is 
getting in the way - unbutton the last two buttons of your coat......Try again... yes, that's it. "

Grace was leaning in heavily against the elevator doorway. With the last two buttons of the coat undone, her left 
hip was thrust out to the side, and to anyone watching it was obvious that the girl was not wearing a skirt or 
dress, for her inner thigh could be seen through the open front of the bottom of the coat. 

"Hang on," Nakamori told Joe, as he stepped toward Grace.

Grace did not move, as Nakamori hiked the open front of the lower half of the coat over her left hip, exposing her 
entire left leg. Grace did not dare to move from where she was. Nakamori stepped back.

"Nice..." Joe crooned, as he continued taking more shots with his camera.

"Okay, you may step forward toward us now Grace. Let the elevator door close. Face the camera now. Stand with 
your feet apart. No wider. Lift the back of your coat up."

"But - " Grace started to protest.

"No ifs and buts. If you don't follow Joe's orders quickly, I'm going make you do this WITH the elevator door 
open and with PEOPLE inside the elevator."

Grace had no choice but to comply. Slowly, she lifted up the bottom of her coat. 

"Good," said Joe, "now bend forward.... more.... more.... lift it higher... bend more... more"

When Joe was satisfied, Grace realized that she was in had lifted up the bottom of her coat behind her to nearly 
her waist level, while her chest was bent forward almost perpendicular to her lower body. Joe snapped some 
pictures. The effect of the picture was that Grace was bending her body forward with her ass thrust back, legs 
apart, with her hands holding up the bottom of her coat. It looked like she was exhibiting her ass to whoever 
would be in the elevator when the doors open. Joe considered whether to ask Grace to turn around in the same 
posture, so that he might snap pictures of what the attractive girl would look like from behind. But by taking the 
picture from the front, it had the advantage that Grace's face could be captured fully - and her embarrassed look 
was priceless.

"Good. Now stand up straight... we're almost done here Grace, " said Joe, as he changed the film in his camera.

"Alright, unbutton all the buttons of your coat now. Hold it open, show us what you're wearing underneath."

With great humiliation, Grace followed Joe's orders, realizing that she was completely committed now to 
relinquishing control of her life to these men, as they had such photographs of her. They had photos of her clad in 
this slut leather harness and nothing else, under her coat, in a shopping mall. Not only would they have control of 
her life - they have control over her body. A chill went through her spine, and Grace tried to block out those 
thoughts in her mind. Nakamori's words echoed in her ears, "In the next six months, your body is mine to use, at 
my pleasure. Your body will be mine to offer to anyone to use, at my pleasure.."

"Marvellous!" cried Joe, as he focused his camera, ready to snap away. Nakamori smiled and nodded in 
agreement, seeing the lovely female executive exhibiting her full glory wearing only the studded leather harness - 
the hallmark of a slave - underneath her coat.

Suddenly, around the corner  appeared a woman holding a shopping bag in one hand, and holding the hand of a 
young girl in another. The woman and her daughter were walking to the elevator. 

Grace whipped the front of her coat shut. Her face turned a bright red.

"Oops.. excuse us..." the lady said, leading the girl past Joe and Nakamori, walking toward Grace who was still 
standing directly in front of the elevator.

Grace turned her body away, feeling embarrassed. She was quite sure that the woman had not seen what she was 
wearing underneath as she was looking at and talking to her daughter when they came around the corner. The 
little girl did see her though for a split second before Grace managed to close her coat, but she was probably too 
young to understand.

As the woman and her daughter stood in front of the elevator waiting for it to arrive, the little girl turned and 
looked at Grace curiously. "Mommy, why is sister wearing such a big coat?" The woman turned to the little girl, 
adjusting her clothes and replied, "Well, maybe sister is feeling cold." As she stood up, she smiled at Grace, who 
managed a weak smile back.

It seemed like an eternity before the elevator arrived, and the woman and the little girl got into the elevator. As 
the door closed, Joe said, "Quickly Grace... let's get this done before more people decide to wander here.."

Unwillingly, Grace opened her coat again. She felt a sharp pang of shame gnawing away on her insides as the 
flashes from Joe's camera went off, capturing high resolution images of her dressed in the bondage leather 
harness, her belly-button stud marking her body as someone else's property. 

"Let's move on." Nakamori said.

Grace was allowed to button up her coat. Clipping the leash back onto her collar, Nakamori led the girl to the 
next stop. With Grace wrapped up in a heavy coat indoors, and two men behind her, one carrying a camera and 
other equipment, there were some stares, as the trio made their way down the escalator to the fourth floor. They 
walked past a Donna Karan boutique, and stopped outside a lesser known, but nevertheless, brand-name 
designer store. 

Nakamori looked at the mannequin in the store window, wearing a figure-hugging black evening dress. The 
interesting thing about the dress is that on the right side, starting from the bust right below where the armpit is, 
all the way to the hip, there were two sets of eyeholes, one set on each side of a wide gap in the garment, which 
extended all the way vertically down. The garment on both sides of the gap were essentially held in place from 
falling apart, by a black string that criss-crossed the eyeholes, ending with a butterfly knot at the bottom right 
where the hip is. It was a very daring dress which would show that its owner was not wearing any bra with a 
strap, nor any panties, for if she was, the undergarments would be showing through the three-inch wide slit. 

Nakamori pointed out the dress to Joe and Grace, and said, "Isn't that lovely?"

Grace felt her hands and feet turning cold even as she was feeling quite warm under her overcoat.

The trio entered the store, and were greeted by two pretty saleswomen. They appeared to know Nakamori, as 
they greeted him by name.

"Hi hi, I want you all to meet Grace here. She's taken a fancy to that black dress. Could you help her try it on 
please? I do think she will look gorgeous in it."

Grace dare not say anything as she was ushered toward the changing rooms by one of the salesgirls while the 
other brought the dress for her. 

In the corridor just outside the changing room, Grace told the salesgirls, "Its ok, I don't think I need any help. I 
can get changed myself."

"Ma'am, Mr Nakamori specifically told us to help you with this dress. You probably need help to put it on," said 
one of the girls sweetly.

"What's the commotion?" said Nakamori from outside the changing room area. "Joe, go take a look."

Grace bit her lip, as she saw Joe stepping into the changing room area. Looking at the salesgirls' expressions, he 
already guessed. Joe said, "Grace, you've already modeled so many bikinis and lingerie already for me and 
Nakamori-san. Modesty is really over-rated, you know?"

Grace hesitated, for she was wearing that black leather harness, complete with metal studs, under her innocent 
looking trench-coat. What would the salesgirls think of her if they saw her dressed in that?

"Don't worry Ma'am, we are used to it. We help our customers change all the time, especially since some of these 
dresses could be quite tricky to put on," said the salesgirl whose name tag said her name was Patricia.

Joe had a slight grin on his face as Grace relented, and stepped into the changing room in front of the mirror. 
Patricia followed her into the changing room, holding onto the evening dress that Grace was to try on. The other 
salesgirl stood outside, just watching in case she was required to help. Grace regretted making a fuss because 
now Joe was also hanging outside at the corridor just outside her changing room. He was probably going to 
watch her change - just to add injury to insult.

Grace slowly unbuttoned her long coat. As she opened her coat, Grace could see the salesgirl Patricia's shocked 
expression through the mirror. Patricia's eyes widened as she took in the sight of the leather harness which was 
the only article of clothing covering Grace's body. Patricia quickly closed her mouth when she noticed Grace 
looking at her through the mirror.  Looking at herself in the mirror Grace realized how slutty she looked in the 
studded leather harness, and felt a twitch of regret mixed with shame striking her heart. This salesgirl could see 
just how low she was - wearing nothing but these strips of leather only fit for restraining an animal, on her 
immodest body.

"We haven't got all day Grace," Joe beckoned, appearing in the doorway. Grace's face colored as she hung the 
coat on the hook. Patricia tried to keep her smile, pretending that all her customers wore this sort of bondage slut 
costume under their clothes.

Grace started taking off the leather harness in front of Joe, and felt a paroxysm of deep humiliation travel through 
her body, a second time. Throughout all the photography shoots she's had in Joe's studio, she was always 
allowed to change in the changing room. And now, because she tried to avoid having the salesgirls from the 
boutique see her in this downright degrading and exhibitionistic costume, this had backfired on her when 
Nakamori had ordered Joe to supervise her clothing change. Besides her boyfriend, no man had ever watched her 
take off all her clothes! This time round, the feeling of shame rushing through her body like an electric shock 
seemed to have ended in her groin between her legs.

Soon, she was completely naked, feeling totally vulnerable under Joe's hawkish gaze, and in front of the salesgirl. 
Without so much glancing at herself in the mirror - for she was reluctant to see Joe's facial expression in it as he 
gazed upon her naked body, Grace picked up the black dress and started to put it on, with Patricia's help. When 
she was done, Patricia helped her to adjust the garment so that the slit at her bust showed off her fair skin on the 
side of her bosom, and the slit ran nicely down the lateral side of her slim body. 

Grace stepped back from the mirror and looked at herself from head to toe. From the front or rear, it would just 
look like an elegant black evening dress. From the right hand side of the wearer, the dress was an instant head-
turner that screamed for attention - the criss-crossing string bridging the gap between the front and back pieces 
of the garment highlighted the bare skin of the wearer visible between the three-inch gap. With the gap running 
from the side of the bust to the hip, it was very conspicuous to anyone around that the owner could not be 
wearing any bra or panties under the dress. And from the hip down, Grace realized that she was practically 
showing her entire right leg as she walked. With the front and back pieces of the garment hanging from her hip, 
this made Grace extremely cautious not to flash her bare ass and pussy accidentally if she took too big a step.

Stepping back from Grace, Patricia went "ooh...", a look of admiration on her face. The other salesgirl was also 
watching from the entrance to the changing room now. Indeed Grace looked stunning. To complete the look, Joe 
had her put on a pair of black, four inch stiletto heels. Even the usually serious Nakamori had a huge grin on his 
tanned face. 

Nakamori looked pleased as Grace paraded the dress in front of him. Leaning a little closer and looking at her 
straight in the eye, he said, "Now Grace, would I have to drag you out with the leash, or do you prefer to walk by 
yourself?" Grace realized that she did not have a choice but be seen around the mall in this impossibly daring 
dress. "I'll walk myself, Sir." she replied submissively. 

"Excellent. Show me the bottom of your shoe Grace," he told her.

Grace contemplated whether she should take off her stiletto heels to show Nakamori, but realized that's not what 
he wanted. Remaining standing on one foot, Grace hooked the ankle of her other foot up and back,  holding on to 
it with her hand, lifting up the bottom of her shoe for the man to see. It had the stitched imprint of two little 
human figures on the leather, engaged in copulation. It was the same shoes she wore to the board room the time 
she almost orgasmed during her presentation to a group of people.

"Good," Nakamori said, smiling, "what shoes are you wearing?" he said, raising his voice slightly. Grace knew 
that the salesgirls were within earshot.

"It's the fuck-me shoes, Sir." she said softly. Joe was listening, and had a smile on his face.

"What's that again?" Nakamori said.

Grace forced herself to repeat herself louder this time, her face reddening. "It's the fuck-me shoes, Sir." 

"That's right my pet ! " Nakamori said approvingly, "In fact, your whole outfit is saying 'Fuck-Me'" he 
commented. Joe chuckled at her expense.

Wearing the evening dress and fuck-me shoes, Grace stepped out of the boutique, feeling extremely self-
conscious. 

"Alright, let's go to our second location," said Nakamori, beaming at the breath-takingly seductive view of Grace 
from behind, walking gingerly in the revealing black dress and stiletto heels.

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***




Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 13

Grace's Hard Lessons
================
By Dark Avenger (send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far:

Grace is a young, fast-rising career woman who in a moment of weakness,
embezzles a sum of money from her company, only to be discovered by her rival
and ex-suitor in the office, Royston.

The scheming Royston blackmails and tricks Grace into a series of humiliating
acts, including wearing a sheer dress to a client dinner, and photography shoots
for a client of Royston's, Mr Nakamori, where she wears nothing more than skimpy
bikinis, and lingerie that becomes ever-more titillating and revealing with each
shoot. Not satisfied, Royston arranges for Grace to do an office presentation
with a vibrator buzzing in her pussy, from which she nearly orgasms in front of
important people from her company. When Grace's boss is let in on her secret, he
takes the opportunity to rape her.

Royston steps up Grace's humiliation by making her strip in his office,
displaying herself in degrading positions, and giving her a facial. On the way
to Grace's next photography shoot, Royston makes her take a crowded bus in
scanty clothing, resulting in her getting molested. Mr Nakamori and his
photographer brings Grace to the shopping mall where she learns new heights to
her humiliation and training in public.


Chapter Thirteen (MF, humiliation, public D/s, exhib)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Are we taking the escalator or the elevator?" Joe asked Nakamori.

Nakamori replied, "Neither. Since Grace is looking so gorgeous, let's take the
main staircase from the mezzanine floor."

Grace felt very nervous as she walked ahead of Nakamori and Joe, periodically
turning around to make sure she was walking in the right direction. The last
thing she needed was for Nakamori to put on the leash on her collar especially
now that her revealing dress was bound to draw a lot of attention to her.

As the two men and Grace made their way to the wide staircase of the shopping
mall, Grace could already hear some whispers from other shoppers as they walked
past them. "Did you see what that woman was wearing?" a lady in her thirties
said in hushed tones to her husband. Grace felt her neck and face grow hot in
embarrassment.

Reaching the staircase at the mezzanine, Nakamori instructed Grace to walk down
the left side. "We're going to take some photos of you at the fountain Grace, so
you might as well get accustomed to the attention. Don't be so shy," Joe said to
the nervous girl in a teasing manner. By walking down the left side of the
staircase, Grace knew that with the slit on the right side of the dress, her leg
and body would be most prominently displayed. Anyone going up or down the
staircase with them, or even shoppers on the ground floor or one floor above
them could see her if they were looking at the staircase, as it was very
centrally located in the concourse of the mall !

Balancing herself on the stiletto heels, and with her left hand on the banister,
Grace started to take the staircase down. With each step she took, she would
show her entire right leg, for the front piece of the garment was only as wide
as her pelvis at the hip level, and tapered down to her knee. Three teenage boys
were coming up the staircase and they stopped in their tracks when they saw
Grace coming down the staircase. Their mouths open, they stared at this
wonderful vision of this lovely fair creature in a revealing black dress, making
her way slowly toward them. The boys could not believe their eyes as they stared
at her fair naked skin on the side of her bosom, running down to her trim waist
and her hip, accentuated only by the criss-crossing string that held the front
and back pieces of the sexy garment together.

Grace glanced at them for a second, and knew the spectacle that she presented,
and continued her way down the staircase. The teenage boys were staring up and
down her dress, and in particular the butterfly knot on her hip. In their mind,
they were wondering if the knot was the only thing that prevented the front and
back pieces of this sizzling hot dress from falling apart, which in turn was the
only thing that was preventing them from gazing upon the naked charms of this
stunning chick.

"Excuse us boys, " said Joe as he squeezed his way through the boys, lugging his
equipment, "we have a photo-shoot to do." Making his way down the staircase, he
grinned as he knew the teenage boys were following them behind.

And so, Grace, Joe and Nakamori made it to the fountain in the concourse at the
center of the mall. Grace was glad that there was not too many people around -
only a handful scattered here and there. As Joe prepared his camera, Nakamori
was already directing Grace to the poses he wanted her in.

Grace shifted uncomfortably, as she realized that while there were only a
handful of people around, they were starting to take interest in her photography
shoot. Some people were looking or pointing in their direction. Grace was
especially cautious on the way she moved. She knew that if the front or rear
parts of her dress below her hip moved away from her body too much, she'll be
revealing her naked pussy or ass-cheeks to everyone.

By now, a few curious bystanders have walked closer to take a better look. The
three teenage boys were there too! Joe focused his camera on his model. "Okay
Grace, let's do it. Stand with your feet at shoulder width apart,  left shoulder
back, toward the fountain, lean your weight on your back foot. Good, turn your
right shoulder toward me, yes. Tilt your chin up slightly. Good."

FLASH!

Joe started to snap many photographs. The shoot was on! Grace was in a daze -
she could not believe that she was doing this in a public place now.

"Her name is Grace!" said one of the teenage boys excitedly to the other two
boys. He had apparently overheard Joe talking to Grace, and was quick to share
this new found nugget of information with his friends. Grace felt a twinge of
humiliation that not only was she having such titillating and provocative
pictures of her taken in a shopping mall, these kids actually now know her name
too! What would she do if her colleagues, friends or family saw her now, or
found out? Might she say that she had switched jobs to become a model? Even so,
what would they think when they see the skimpy clothes, bikinis and lingerie
that she modeled in?

FLASH!

Joe continued taking more photos, and had Grace switch poses.

"Wow - look at that dress." Grace overheard someone say. "She's practically
naked". Grace tried to ignore the comments and the stares but inside she was
feeling humiliated. But she knew that if she did not comply with Nakamori's
instructions, he would have something much worse for her.

"Geez," another person in the audience would say, "look at that leg. And that
ass." A mother with a little girl who just joined the crowd, quickly covered the
little girl's eyes when she realized just how revealing Grace's dress was. A man
whispered to another, but just loud enough for Grace to hear, "These models
would do anything for money. I wonder if she poses nude. I wouldn't mind seeing
her nude photos.. hehe.." The constant humiliation that Grace felt over the next
half an hour soon became a dull feeling, and she just mechanically followed
instructions from Joe - she simply did not care anymore, even if she flashed too
much ass or accidentally exposed her pussy, she would deserve it, she told
herself.

After Joe snapped about fifty photographs of Grace in a variety of sensual and
titillating poses, Nakamori decided to move on. By that time, Grace felt
exhausted. Physically exhausted from holding her body in certain poses. Mentally
exhausted from thinking about whether everyone who saw her in the mall in the
revealing dresses thought her a slut, thinking about her lack of underwear and
whether she had unwittingly exposed herself, thinking about what she had become.
She had willingly or unwillingly paraded herself in a public place, wearing
whatever tickles the fancy of her masters. They controlled her every move,
removed her right to wear underwear, displayed her, had her pictures taken. Was
she still human, or just a pet animal now?

Nakamori and Joe boarded the escalator going up, followed by Grace behind. And
right behind her, at a strategic distance away, were the three teenagers,
craning their necks to get a better view of this beauty in the revealing dress
which had a high-cut slit below.

Next, Nakamori brought them to a sports store. They browsed around for a few
minutes, and Grace did not see the three boys. She almost sighed in relief.
Finally they have shaken them off!

"Grace I want you to try out this." Said Nakamori, handing her a low-cut sports
bra and a pair of really short lycra jogging shorts. "Let's see how you look."

The fitting rooms were unisexual. Grace went to the last fitting room and closed
the door. She proceeded to take off her black dress. Due to the tightness of the
dress, and the string which secured the front and back pieces together, it took
some time for her to take it off. As she put on the jogging shorts, she realized
that Nakamori had given her the smallest size possible. It was one of those
stretchy lycra shorts that many women would wear for biking or jogging. Wearing
it without any panties, one could see the puffy lips of her pussy through the
exceptionally tight and thin garment. Next, Grace put on the sports bra.
Suddenly she saw a movement from the corner of the eye - at the bottom of the
partition separating this fitting room with the adjacent one, there was a two
inch gap to the floor, and she saw someone's hand holding a mirror there. A
peeping tom! Grace screamed. She quickly put on the sports bra, and opened the
door to her fitting room. Looking sheepish, the three boys emerged from the
fitting room next to the one she was changing in.

"You perverts! You were peeping at me!" Grace fumed. She was not sure how much
they had seen. They had been so quiet in entering the adjacent fitting room that
she did not know anybody was in there.

Indeed, the three boys had secretly followed Grace into the sports store. When
they saw her enter the fitting room, the temptation was too great to resist.
They had quietly piled themselves into the adjacent room, and managed to close
the door without any sound. Now, one of the boys usually carried a small mirror
with him - being pranksters, the mirror came in useful for reflecting the sun
into people's eyes, or spying around the corner to make sure the teacher wasn't
coming yet when they were up to their tricks.

Using this mirror, they had observed this sexy beauty changing. When the dress
came down Grace's bosom, they had stifled a hiccup of wonder as they saw the
whiteness of her skin around collar bones and bare shoulders, and then her fine,
pert tits emerging from under the dress. As the dress went further down, there
were three very hard cocks as three sets of eyes were glued to the sight of the
sexy model's fine pubic hair covering her pussy, and her cute naked ass.
Watching Grace pull on the impossibly tight shorts which hugged her crotch, the
boys nearly came in their pants. For the three teenagers raging with male
hormones, watching Grace changing was the stuff of wet dreams for many, many
nights to come.

"What's the commotion? " Nakamori said, as he appeared.

"These perverts were peeping at me!" she pointed accusingly at the guilty
looking teenagers.

"Don't be so rude Grace," said Nakamori disapprovingly. Grace was shocked at his
reaction.

"It's a compliment that they think you are attractive Grace," continued
Nakamori. "Isn't that right gentlemen?"

"Yes, yes. We just thought your dress was so cool..." said one of the boys.

"But Sir, they were peeping at me changing!" Grace protested.

"What did I tell you before about this body, pet.." Nakamori looked at her with
a piercing stare. "I want you to apologise to these gentlemen. This body is no
longer yours pet, it is mine. I will let anyone see it as I please. "

Grace knew that it was useless to argue. She was not going to win. Reluctantly
she turned to the boys, and snapped, "I'm sorry."

"That's hardly the attitude for expressing apologies, Grace. Come with me."
Nakamori grabbed Grace by the wrist and led her to the fitting room. "Come with
me gentlemen," he said to the boys, who followed, curious to see what would
happen.

"Stand in the fitting room, "Nakamori ordered Grace. She obediently did so.

"Now apologise again. Properly this time."

"I - I'm sorry." Said Grace, this time in a more polite tone.

"Sorry for what?" Nakamori interjected.

"I'm sorry I called you guys perverts. And I'm sorry I said you were peeping at
me.." Grace said in a hushed tone.

"It's okay!" the boys were beaming, not believing their ears. This gorgeous girl
was apologizing to them when they had just peeped at her naked body as she
changed!

"Good, now to show you're really sorry, you'll offer them to see your body. I'm
giving you a choice. Either ask them if they would like to see you lift up your
bra OR you can ask them if they would like to see you pull down your jogging
shorts," said Nakamori. The boys' jaws dropped.

"That's not fair!" Grace said defiantly.

"You have a choice to offer them to see your tits or your cunt Grace. If you
aren't making the choice, I will let them make the choice for you." Nakamori
said.

Grace fumed, and said nothing for ten seconds. Then she said in a barely audible
voice, "Would you like to see my tits"?

"Yes, yes!" chorused the boys in unison.

Grace slowly lifted up her sports bra, exposing her fresh, perky breasts to the
horny boys who feasted their eyes on them.

"Whoa!" said one boy. "Cool..." said another. The boys whistled and cooed in
appreciation at the view. Grace felt cheap.

Nakamori said,"Alright gentlemen. We have a busy schedule ahead. If you want to
meet Grace again, you can give her manager a call and he can arrange something.
Here's his name card. His name is Royston."

The boys took the name card and happily left, chatting to each other excitedly.

 "You can change back Grace. This is not particularly the look I want," said
Nakamori, "Last stop for the day - the men's toilet."

"What?" Grace could not believe her ears when she heard the location of the
final shoot for the day.

**

Grace was standing inside the men's restroom, in front of the row of standing
urinals. Nakamori was at the door of the restroom, lighting up a cigarette. Joe
was loading up his camera. Outside the restroom door was a sign that said
"Cleaning in progress - do not enter", which Joe had put up. Grace was extremely
reluctant to go to this very strange location where she would get pictures of
her taken, but was persuaded that nobody would disturb them while the shoot was
in progress.

"OK, let's take off the black dress and change to this," said Joe. He held up a
pair of red leather wrist wraps with black laces. Handing the wrist wraps to
Grace, Joe continued rummaging in his haversack, as if looking for something
else.

Swallowing the lump in her throat, Grace untied the knot on the side of her
dress, and loosened it. Slowly, she shrugged her body out from under the tight
fitting dress. She was standing there naked, her silver belly-button stud
displayed proudly on her flat navel. Nakamori marveled at how she was still shy
about exposing her body to the two of them, even in private. Well, to be
accurate, it wasn't a private place, but a semi-public location.

Putting on the red wrist-wraps, she looked magnificent as a slave, totally nude
except for garment that covered half of Grace's forearms, from the wrists to
midway to her elbows.

"Can you give me the rest of it, now," she said to Joe. Grace's motions were
like a little girl who had been inadvertently caught naked - her arms
subconsciously went to the front of her bosom to try to block the view to her
breasts, while she kept her thighs close together, trying to make the triangle
of pubic hair inconspicuous.

"There's nothing else to wear for this shoot," said Joe matter-of-factly.

Grace looked up at him in horror. She had assumed that besides the wrist wraps,
there was perhaps another one or two pieces that she had to wear. Now she stood
there stark naked, except for the wrist wraps. This only article of clothing on
her, merely served to emphasize the nakedness of the rest of her body. It was
the perfect look that Joe wanted for the last shoot of the day.

"No! Pleeease... not like this..." Grace pleaded. She moved her arm up
helplessly, looking at the camera in Joe's hand. Then she moved her hands to her
pelvic region. It was as if she could not decide whether to hide her boobs or
her pussy from the camera. "Please don't do this Joe... I'll do anything. Not
nude pictures. Not in here!"

"That's enough Grace," Nakamori said in a controlled but forceful tone. "No
bargaining. Your body is now mine, since you can't pay up the money. I will do
whatever I want with it. If you protest further, I'm going to take out the sign
on the outside of this door." He sucked on his cigarette, looking at the
distressed girl.

To make his threat good, Nakamori placed one hand on the door handle, as if he
was going to open the toilet door. His other hand took the cigarette out from
his mouth, and he exhaled a cloud of smoke toward the ceiling.

"And guess what are people going to see when they enter this men's toilet?" he
said.

Grace's face blanched, as she realized the helplessness of her situation once
again.

"That's right. They are going to see a naked slut in the men's toilet."

Shaking her head, Grace pleaded, "No.. please... Nakamori-san..."

"Be a good girl now. Let Joe take the pictures. It'll be over very quickly. If
you drag this on longer, I can't guarantee that some shoppers may start coming
into this toilet."

"Grace, stand by the urinal. Put your arms by your side." Joe ordered, focusing
his camera.

Grace reluctantly obeyed.

And so, Joe started taking nude pictures of Grace, dressed only in the red wrist
wraps, with the row of men's standing urinals in the background. Nakamori was
pleased with how the shoot was going, and the pictures he would be anticipating
of Grace. While Nakamori was a fashion designer, he had a side-line publishing
idol photo books in Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong. Idol photo books feature a
celebrity, usually an actress, adult-video actress, singer, TV personality, or
could be also be a yet-unknown starlet or wannabe celebrity. The model can be
posed nude, in a bikini, or in regular clothes. He specialized in a subcategory
of idol photo books called the "hair nude shashin-shu" which are nude photo
books that expose the pubic hair of the idol being featured. He would make Grace
into a fine arts subject yet.

Suddenly, the toilet door swung wide open. A big burly man with a hairy face
walked in. He froze in his tracks, as he first saw Joe with the camera, Nakamori
standing near the door looking at him, and then finally his eyes laid upon the
strange sight of a naked girl standing there. What's this young beauty doing in
the men's toilet?!

"Chikuso! Some people can't read signs.." Nakamori swore under his breath.

Grace quickly squatted down, her arms covering her chest, her head down, staring
at the floor. She wished she could curl up into a fetal position. This stranger
was staring at her naked body ! She tried to hide her private parts from his
lustful eyes.

"Oops, I'm sorry. Did I interrupt something?" the burly man said, his eyes still
fixated upon the naked feminine charms of the girl displayed in front of him.

"Its alright, " said Nakamori, who appeared relaxed. Joe did not say anything,
but merely turned his attention to  his camera, fiddling with its settings.

The man took a few more tentative steps, toward the standing urinal. His eyes
searched the faces of the other two men in the toilet, trying to figure out what
was going on. Nevertheless, he had some urgent business to take care of, so his
hands proceeded to unbuckle his belt as he stood facing the urinal. As he pulled
down his zipper, his attention turned toward the sight of Grace in the squatting
position - this pretty young lady was naked, save for the pair of striking red
things she wore on her fore-arms, which merely served to emphasize the lack of
clothing on the rest of her slim body.

"We're just doing a promotional shoot for one of our new starlets," added
Nakamori. "Grace here is a soft-porn actress. She will be launching her own
calendar showing off her nude body."

Grace felt utterly humiliated by Nakamori's biting words in front of the
stranger. She could feel the man's eyes boring into her, scanning her naked body
which she is displaying here in the men's toilet, judging her, thinking of her
as a porn star being fucked by various men.

"Wow... that's cool," the burly man grinned, nodding at Grace who refused to
look at him. "She's hot," he stated unabashedly, to Nakamori and Joe, as he
started relieving himself. "But her tits are a bit small," he added.

Grace felt her ears turning hot. She was being discussed as if she was not
there. She continued staring at the floor as she heard the steady trickling of
the man's urine.

Nakamori took another puff of his cigarette, and replied, "Well, though she's
got small tits, you should see her go when she's having sex. She may look shy
and coy, but don't let that fool you. She's tried four cocks recently, and you
should have seen how she much she loved it. Especially when she's cumming,
hard."

Anguish and humiliation were written all over Grace's face as she recalled the
meaning of the four beads on the anklet she was wearing - each one signifying
one man who had used her. And how she had forced orgasms that morning in front
of Nakamori and Joe.

"Cool man!" said the man, who was peering at Grace now with much interest as he
continued urinating.

Finally the trickling sound stopped. The man zipped himself up and the flush
activated. The man walked to the washbasin and washed his hands. "She looks
kinda shy to be a porn star," the man said.

"Like I said, she's new," said Nakamori.

"What's her full name again?" said the man, eyeing at the girl who remained
fairly still in her squatting position.

Grace looked up at Nakamori with a pleading look, shaking her head.

"Well, just Grace for now. We haven't decided what name to market her under, you
know."

"Can I take another look at her?"

Nakamori looked like he was a little caught by surprise. But he replied, "Yes,
of course. We are trying to promote her after all."

Turning toward the distraught Grace, he said, "Grace, could you stand up for
this gentleman please?".
"He could be buying your video and calendar in the future you know. And you
would want him to remember your name right?" Nakamori said with an edge in his
voice - Grace knew that if she did not follow his instructions, Nakamori would
probably tell him her full name !

Bearing the terrible humiliation - and this was to a level she has never felt
before in her entire life - Grace stood up slowly, exhibiting her body to this
man she had never met before. To her utmost shame, she knew that her nipples
were hard and pointed, from the cool air in the toilet.

She heard an intake of air from her burly admirer, who was standing at least two
heads taller than she was. His eyes moved up and down her petite, slim body
lustily, pausing to stare at the fine triangle of soft downy pubic hair.

"Turn around Grace," instructed Nakamori. As Grace started to do so, Joe quietly
held up his camera, as he saw the opportunity coming. 

With much hesitation, and her arms close to her body, trying in vain to cover up
her exposed parts, Grace turned slowly around. "Sweeet ! " the big man
exclaimed.

FLASH! Joe snapped a photograph of Grace's nude body from behind, capturing her
naked ass, as she displayed it for the stranger to see. Grace felt even more
pained than she already was,  knowing this degrading moment had been captured on
film.

"Alright, we have a busy schedule ahead, so if you don't mind," said Nakamori to
the burly man.

"Oh, sure..  thanks ! " the man said. On the way out of the toilet, he looked
back twice at Grace.

As the door swung shut, Grace felt tears welling up in her eyes.

"Alright, we're done with the shoot today." Joe announced, after he snapped a
few last shots. Nakamori walked over to Grace and patted her on the head. "You
did well pet. Why don't you get changed now."

Joe handed Grace a casual, tight-fitting baby-tee, and short skirt which Grace
gratefully put on. She did not even think about underwear.

**

Author's note: For pictures illustrating what Grace had to wear in the mall,
please email darkavenger at tokyo.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------
Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 14


Grace's Hard Lessons
====================
By Dark Avenger (Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

Chapter Fourteen (mF, humiliation,exhib)
-------------------------------------------------------

It was the next morning. With some trepidation, Grace got out of her bed upon
hearing the chime of the doorbell.

The previous night, when she returned back to her hotel room, she had realized
that all her clothes had been removed from her wardrobe, including her sleeping
clothes. In their place was a single nightgown. There was a piece of paper and
an instruction on the paper that her office clothes for the next day would only
be delivered in the morning, and that she had to go to bed dressed only in the
nightgown, and to answer the door the next morning only in the nightgown. Grace
wondered what devilish scheme Royston had hatched now, as usually her clothes
that she was to wear for a given day would have been delivered to her room the
night before. Examining the sleeping gown, she could guess. The gown went to a
few inches above her knees, which was fine. But it was white and the material
was light and thin, to the extent that it was translucent. When she tried it on
and looked at herself in the mirror, her skin was visible under the diaphanous
material, and the darker color of her nipples were very clearly visible.

It was this very nightgown this morning which she had on her, as she went to
open the door of her hotel room. Looking through the peep-hole, she saw the
bellboy standing outside the corridor, the same one who had been delivering her
clothes every day. Taking in a deep breath to brace herself, she unlocked the
door and opened it.

"Good morning, Miss - " the bellboy stopped short in mid-sentence, his eyes
mesmerized by the sight of the attractive young lady in the see-through sleeping
gown.

Grace quickly invited him into the room to avoid anyone else seeing her in the
gown. The bellboy brought in a suiter and paper bag, hanging the suiter on the
door to her wardrobe, and handing over the paper bag to Grace.

"There's this envelope too, Miss" said the bellboy. Grace noticed for the first
time that his name tag said Steve. Grace's face felt a little hot as she also
noticed that he bellboy, who was in his late teens, was staring at her chest.

Indeed, Steve could not stop himself from staring at the pointy nipples poking
out through the front of her white nightgown.

Grace read the note in the envelope. The instructions told her that there were
three sets of g-strings in the paper bag, and she was to try out all three in
front of the bellboy and let him choose which one she would wear to the office
today. Again, there was a warning that failure to comply would result in
"consequences".

Grace looked up at Steve. He only smiled. Grace had hoped that he was going to
leave after handing over the stuff to her, but her hopes were dashed when he
remained standing there. He was expecting something - and it wasn't just a tip.

Taking the paper bag into the bathroom, Grace locked the door, and emptied the
contents. There was a purple g-string, a pink g-string and a blue g-string. She
decided to go first with the blue g-string. As she pulled it up to her hips,
Grace realized that the bra was not in the paper bag. Opening the door slightly,
she peered out, and saw Steve waiting expectantly outside. "Umm... Steve, where
is the bra that goes with the panties?"

"Oh. Everything is in the bag and suiter. There is nothing else. Do you want me
to look in the suiter?"

"Um... sure.." replied Grace, keeping the door slightly ajar.

"Sorry, there's no bra in here either."

"Alright, nevermind" replied Grace, as she closed the door and locked it. "Damn
it..." muttered Grace. It was one of those days she was not given a bra to wear.
The last occasion was on the day she had to take the public bus to the
photography studio with Royston, and then go to the shopping mall. She didn't
have to go to the office that day though - it felt a lot weirder when she was
bra-less in the office where she knew everybody and everybody knew her, quite
unlike in a public place where nobody knew who she was.

Still she wasn't going to model the g-string in front of the bellboy wearing
nothing else under her translucent nightgown. Picking up the bra that she wore
yesterday, she put that on. Rather than having to lift up her nightgown to let
Steve see her g-string, she chose to take off the gown completely.

Finally, Grace opened the bathroom door, and stepped out. Steve was sitting down
on the side of her bed - uninvited !

His grin was from ear-to-ear as he watched Grace walking barefeet across the
room to a spot about six or seven feet away from him. Steve thought, "Awesome!
This is SO much better than the last time!!" Indeed, the previous week, Grace
had to model her office clothes for him to choose the top and the bottom pieces
that she was to wear to work. This time round, she was clad only in bra and
panties!

Grace stood in front of him, looking at him directly with a hint of annoyance in
her eyes, but Steve was too busy staring to care. His eyes took in her supple
skin on her lean frame, traveling up her flat stomach and sexy navel stud, to
her perky bra-encased tits, prominent collar bones, and then down again to the
g-string she was wearing and the bare legs. Very quickly, his grin had turned
into the slightly open mouth of a dumbstruck school-boy, as it dawned upon him
this sexy female body was standing so closely to him, clad in only her undies!

"Well?" said Grace, with a slight impatient edge to her voice. While the feeling
of humiliation was still there, since she had no choice but to pose for this guy
who was years younger than her; for some reason, she did not feel the same
feeling of vulnerability, and fear of exposure, as before. Perhaps her
experience at the shopping mall had been worse that she was now numb to this.
Back there, Nakamori had her pose first in a most degrading leather harness, 
model a revealing evening dress in a very public location with so many
bystanders, show her breasts to a bunch of pesky boys, and finally pose nude in
the men's toilet. This is relatively safe now for her in her hotel room, with
only one person that would see her in this state of undress.

"Can I show you the next one now?" Grace said. Steve swallowed, as his mind
started to process the interruption to his overwhelmed sense of sight. His eyes
darted up from the front of her g-string to meet her eyes. Finding his tongue,
he said, "Very nice.... ". Grinning again, he said, "Could you turn around so I
could see the back?"

Grace slowly turned around, enduring the humiliation of having to do this in
front of the bellboy, knowing he was enjoying seeing her in the g-string.

As Grace turned around to show Steve her ass, Steve's eyes nearly popped out
from his head. He felt his cock growing uncomfortably hard in his pants. Grace's
ass was almost completely bare for him to see! There was only a very narrow
strip of cloth, not more than half an inch across, that covered the crack of her
ass - and he was sure from behind he could already see the fuzz of her pubic
hair peeking in her crotch with only that tiny strip covering her pussy.
"Shit..." he muttered, not believing the amazing view he was getting.

Grace turned around to face him again. "Alright, I'm going to change to the next
one," she said, and walked back to the bathroom, and shut the door. She could
feel herself getting flustered. Her neck was feeling hot with embarrassment and
anger from having this guy stare at her while she paraded around like a cheap
slut. Grace told herself, just get it over and done with.

She took off the blue g-string and picked up the pink g-string. Just as she was
about to put it on, Grace noticed that the crotch area of the panel, right over
where her pussy would be, had a tiny spot which was slightly darker in color
than the rest of the material. What is it? She touched it with her finger, but
couldn't decide why it was like that. It couldn't be a defect in the garment
could it?

A minute later, Grace came out again, wearing the pink g-string. Returning to
the spot in front of Steve, she turned her body a few times, holding it there
for a few seconds each time. She noticed that Steve's eyebrows was really raised
high now, as she pirouetted for him, showing him the front and back of the
g-string. Unlike the previous one which had a very narrow strip as the back
panel, this one literally had a string starting from roughly the halfway mark
between where her pussy and anus was. This string separated Grace's ass cheeks
and left nothing else to the imagination.

Grace turned back to face Steve, and asked him, "Well?". Then she saw. To her
horror, Steve had a huge tent in his pants as he sat there on her bed. He was
sporting a full hard-on.

"Very very good...." said Steve, as he mustered a few feeble claps, not noticing
the expression on Grace's face, as he was still staring at how well the
underwear hugged her pelvic area, showing yet hiding every curve and crevice.

"Can I show you the last one now?" said Grace.

"No wait.. not so fast..." said Steve.

Grace paused in her tracks. She wasn't expecting him to take control. Wait a
minute. He's not taking control. He's just objecting, she told herself.

Steve grinned, seemingly still oblivious to the huge tent in his pants and the
embarrassment he was causing to Grace who tried to avoid looking at it.

"Stand there and face me," he said. Grace crossed her arms defensively, facing
him directly but with her weight on one leg, trying to come across that standing
in front of a guy she hardly new in only underwear was an everyday thing for
her.

"I think you need to wear it higher." Steve said.

"What?"

"I said I think you need to wear it higher." Steve repeated.

"No, it's right." Grace said.

"No, wear it higher." Steve stressed.

Grace pulled the top of her g-string slightly higher up her hips. She could see
the look of lust on Steve's face now.

Steve on the other hand was staring intently at her crotch as Grace pulled her
g-string higher. Perfect! He could see the camel-toe now - the shape of her
pussy lips !

"Oh my god," said Grace, as she saw Steve adjust the bulge in his pants with his
hand. She suddenly realized what the spot on her g-string was. The spot which
was right over where her pussy is at the moment. It was his pre-cum!

Before Steve brought the g-strings to her room, he had been examining them in
his own privacy. Knowing that she was going to be trying on the different
g-strings, he had masturbated and rubbed his cock with the panties. Poking the
tip of his hard cock into the crotch area of the three pairs of the underwear
where he thought Grace's pussy would be in half an hour, he had gotten his
pre-cum there. The spot was darker pink because the material was slightly damp
from the pre-cum that came from touching the tip of his erect cock.

"You pervert!" Grace strode off into the bathroom.

Grace picked up the blue g-string that she had just worn a few moments ago. It
had the same spot, but she didn't see it the first time as blue was a darker
color. She picked up the third and last g-string, the purple one. Yes, this also
had a tiny damp spot. Grace was annoyed that she had worn two pairs of panties
in the last five minutes with some guy's pre-cum smeared right over where her
pussy was. Taking a towel from the rack, Grace wet it with tap water, and
proceeded to wipe off the crotch area of the purple g-string. Suddenly
remembering that one could get pregnant from pre-cum, she also used some wet
tissue paper to gently wipe her pussy lips.

Picking up the purple g-string, she realized that there was now a large damp
spot because she wiped it. She put on the g-string, unlocked the door and
stepped out for her final catwalk.

Like the second g-string, the purple g-string was basically a string behind, but
this came with a little heart shape trinket that linked to the waist string. The
pink g-string though, looked tinier in the area it covered, than the purple from
the front.  After making Grace turn her body a few rounds in front of him, Steve
looked like he was still undecided about which of the three he would pick for
Grace to wear.

"Please decide quickly, I don't want to be late for work, or I'll get into
trouble," pleaded Grace.

"Well change back to the pink one. And if you don't want to be late, you can
save some time by changing in front of me," said Steve.

"What?" said Grace incredulously. Then she saw the note lying on the bed next to
Steve. Shit, he read the note!

The note did say that Grace was to change in front of the bellboy. Grace's heart
sank, as she realized she was once again made to perform an act of immodesty.

Steve felt his mouth water as Grace's fingers slowly hooked under the waist
string of her panties, and pulled it gently down. It was like a slow-motion
picture as the tiny garment revealed the top of her pubic hair, and then all of
the magnificence of her pubic area was unveiled to him with the purple g-string
strung around her upper thighs like the petals of a flower inviting the admirer
to come closer up to the center. Then her fingers hooked it down to the knees,
as she bent forward to do this. The rolled-up panties hung forlornly at
half-mast for an instant, before she lifted one ankle off the ground, and using
the same fingers to hold on to the panties, one leg slid up through the
underwear to free her ankle, with her knee bending inward to protect her
modesty. Then she repeated with the other leg, and the g-string was off totally.

Grace did not stop to look at Steve, who was very much enjoying the view of her
naked bottom half. She quickly picked up the pink g-string and put it on. Grace
pulled the undies up quickly to her hip so that she could minimize the amount of
time her pussy was exposed to Steve's eyes. Then she suddenly remembered that
she had not wiped the crotch of the g-string after realizing that Steve had
masturbated in it and rubbed his pre-cum into the crotch area. Too late!

Grace stood there, her face flushed.

"Marvellous! Let's go for the pink one!" he said.

"Thank you Sir, " Grace said absent-mindedly, walking toward the suiter to fetch
the office clothes she would wear. She realized that she had called him Sir! He
was supposed to address her as Miss or Ma'am as she was a hotel guest!

"You're welcome Grace," said Steve. Obviously reluctant to leave, he excused
himself, as he had spent too much time delivering the stuff to her room already.
Grace was elated to see him leave of course, so that she could wash-up and
prepare to go to work.

Half an hour later, Grace was standing in front of the mirror in her room, in a
black v-cut jacket, and short black skirt, her make-up applied. If Grace tried
to bend forward as much as forty-five degrees, a person sitting on her bed could
see her pink g-string - that was how short the skirt was. And there was no bra.
AND no top! Just a jacket. Grace could hardly believe it. It was like she was
one of the models on the Fashion TV channel - one of the models on the catwalk
who would wear a daring low-cut jacket - and nothing else underneath. How could
Royston make her go to the office wearing this?

Knowing it was useless to sigh, Grace left her room to go to work.

Unknown to her, only two minutes after Grace left, Steve came back into her
room, and entered her bathroom. Picking up the panties and bra that Grace was
wearing the day before, he inhaled deeply. Steve dropped his pants, and his
already hard cock grew fully erect as he recalled the fresh images of Grace
posing in the various g-strings in front of him. Stroking his hard cock, he then
picked up the blue g-string and purple g-string. These lucky undies were just
next to her pussy recently! Sniffing it madly, he picked up the pace of his hand
working his schlong. "You smell nice, Grace.... Your pussy smells sooo nice...
Ohhh Gawd...." The bellboy quickly grabbed the bottle of bathing lotion on the
bath-tub and opened it. The mental image of Grace's little ass in that pink
g-string and her little dance as she peeled off her panties to show him his
pussy pushed him off the edge.

"AHHHHHH...FFUUCK!!!" he cried as he ejaculated, aiming into the bottle.
"Fuck...." Steve swore as his sperm came out in truckloads, courtesy of Grace.
Moments later, he capped it back, wiped off the remnants with the g-strings, and
placed the bathing lotion back on the bath-tub. Steve would get excited much of
the day thinking about how Grace would be rubbing his cum all over her body when
she returned that night and showered, thinking the milky-white viscous liquid
was just the bathing lotion.

**

Grace and Royston were in a posh office tower about twenty minutes away from
their office. She and Royston, who was smartly dressed in a business suit, were
waiting for the elevator to bring them to a client's office for their eleven
o'clock appointment.

Grace was dressed in a deep v-cut jacket. Her eyeshadow was dark,  and her
eyeliner and mascara heavily applied, giving her the smouldering eyes look. She
felt like she was one of those Valentino models in the female glamor magazines -
those wearing office clothes that ordinary people would never ever wear to work.
Under the v-cut jacket, she was not wearing a top, and not wearing a bra.
Ordinary people never look like this going to work, only those models in those
ads. Yet she was dressed like this because she had to - these were the clothes
that were delivered to her hotel room that morning by the bellboy.

"Now, you've met Mr Sorag last year before," said Royston to Grace.

Grace nodded in reply, "Yes I have." In one arm, Grace carried a document
folder, while Royston carried his briefcase.

"Good. I think he likes you, since he asked about you. That's why I am bringing
you for this deal. Here, why don't you carry this too."

Royston handed her his briefcase, in addition to the folder she was already
carrying. Grace had both her hands full as the duo stepped into the elevator
which had just arrived. It seems clear to her that Royston did not bring her to
this meeting to talk, but just to look pretty.

As she watched the floor indicator going up, Grace felt Royston's hand under her
jacket. Instinctively she wanted to pull-back, but stopped herself, knowing the
consequences if she disobeyed Royston's instruction that her tits were to be
available at all times when she was with him and nobody was watching.

Grace felt her nipples stiffen between Royston's thumb and forefinger. A shiver
of unbidden pleasure traveled down her spine like an electric jolt as her
realization at her own helplessness struck her. There she was standing in the
elevator, allowing her colleague to roll her nipples with his fingers, as if it
was as normal as them just having a conversation in the elevator.

"Oh wait, even better.." Royston rummaged in Grace's purse, and found her
lipstick. Shifting himself to stand behind her, he lifted the back of her jacket
up.

"What are you doing??" Grace protested in a panic.

"Don't move," replied Royston.

Through the reflection of the mirror in the elevator, Grace could see Royston
using the lipstick to write on her back.

First it was the letter S.

Royston started to talk to her, as he went on to the next letter. "This time
round when you meet Mr Sorag, I want you to flirt with him."

The lipstick continued writing... it was a L next.

Royston said, "Smile at him every time he looks at you. Wink, touch your hair,
bat your lashes, whatever."

Then a U.

"If I don't feel you doing your best to flirt with him, I will be switching on
that vibrator in your pussy," Royston commented.

Then a T.

SLUT. In big letters on her bare back. Royston then let the jacket drop back
down. Just in time.

"Twenty-second floor", the disembodied female voice that was the elevator
announced the arrival of the floor they were going to. The doors opened,
directly into a brightly lit reception area.

As Grace walked into the client's office, carrying Royston's briefcase, the
document folder, not to mention her purse, she felt that she had really become
Royston's personal assistant. No, it was worse, she told herself. She was much
lower than a personal assistant.

The client they were meeting, Mr Sorag was already waiting at the reception for
them. Mr Sorag exchanged greetings with Royston, then turned his attention to
his young, pretty companion.

"Grace! Very nice to see you again!" the portly Thai businessman said.

"Yes, my pleasure to see you again Mr Sorag," said Grace effusively.

"I like your new look!" proclaimed Mr Sorag. As she shook hands with him, she
gave him a big warm smile, remembering Royston's threat. Simultaneously, she
felt a sense of disgust with herself, that she had the words SLUT spelt in big
caps on her back.

Walking from the reception to the meeting room, Grace and Royston walked past
several people. They both smiled at everyone of course. Even if it were hidden
from view below her clothes, she felt as if everyone could see the accusing
title emblazoned on her back, spelling out her new status in life.

Sitting down in the meeting room, Grace felt no better.

Grace crossed her legs under the glass table, noticing how Mr Sorag at once
glanced at her legs for a split second before turning his attention to the
proposal that Royston had placed in front of him. Each time Mr Sorag client
looked at her, she imagined that he could see the underwear she was wearing or
not wearing. Perhaps it had to do with the events of the morning when she found
herself, to her shame, having to pose in her underwear for the bellboy.

For the rest of the meeting, Royston would turn on the vibrator when he felt she
was not trying hard enough to flirt with Mr Sorag, like he told her too. The
first time Royston turned it on, she quickly crossed her legs, afraid that Mr
Sorag would hear the buzzing noise that she could hear. Upon crossing her legs,
she realized that the sensation was even more intense. Luckily it was only for a
few seconds, for when she caught Mr Sorag's attention, she had quickly flashed
him a cryptic smile, and immediately Royston had turned it off. The second time
the vibrator turned on, Grace leaned forward, breathing in deeply, and Mr Sorag
immediately looked at her. Again the vibrator stopped as she realized that by
leaning forward, her jacket was falling forward slightly, showing a little
cleavage. The third time the vibrator went on, Grace's legs were crossed.

Grace was thinking - what the hell does Royston want? When her legs were
uncrossed, he turned the vibrator on! Now does he want her to uncross them? Oh
god, the vibrations just feel so much more intense with her legs crossed - Grace
uncrossed her legs slowly, looking straight at Mr Sorag, feeling a little
contradicted as to whether she was hoping to catch his attention or not. It did.
As his eyes moved to look into hers, she tried to add on to what Royston just
said in his sales pitch. "We can offer you much more than other companies can,
Mr Sorag," Grace said, trying not to squirm in her seat from the maddening
sensation emanating from her crotch.

Grace could feel her body starting to betray her. Her pussy was like a velvet
glove snuggly fitted around the smooth vibrating object, which was buzzing like
mad. As an instinctive response to the rapid vibrations, the heady feeling of
sexual arousal was swelling in her pubic region as blood flowed to her young
reproductive organs. Her breathing became shallow and fast. Tiny tremors were
starting to emerge from the depths of her vagina walls in some kind of echo
response to the object vibrating away gleefully in her drenched cunt. She felt
her face flush slightly, as she prayed that this little show of her bare legs
had met with Royston's approval and that he would turn off the vibrator.

Mr Sorag appeared to be considering what Grace had just said. Then he flashed a
smile in return, and said, "Yes, I hope so."

Grace smiled back, and inside she had felt a perplexing mix of two emotions.
First she heaved a silent sigh of relief as the vibrator in her pussy died down.
At the same time, she felt a sense of self-loathing, remembering the word SLUT
written in lipstick on her back as she flirted with Mr Sorag.

Royston smiled too, and added, "If there are any details which you would like us
to explain to you again Mr Sorag, I'm sure Grace would be more than happy to do
that over drinks with you. Won't you Grace?"

Grace replied with her sweetest smile, "It would be my pleasure to, Mr Sorag..."

"Excellent! We'll be in touch," said the Thai businessman, concluding the
meeting.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 15


Grace's Hard Lessons
================
By Dark Avenger (send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

Chapter Fifteen (MF, humiliation, toy, toilet training)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

It was two weeks later, in the office.

"Thanks Grace," said George.

Grace was carrying a stack of five binders in her arms, as she walked beside
George. What made this more eye-catching was her spectacularly short and tight
skirt, extremely tall heels, and the fact that George had only recently joined
the company at the most junior level in the accounting department, and Grace,
being more senior in the organization than George, was carrying HIS files.

It was a busy period for the accounting department this month, and somehow
Royston have had a casual conversation with one of the accounting managers in
the elevator and learnt that they were really short-handed because one of their
part-time staff had taken maternity leave. And so, Royston had volunteered Grace
to go help out in the accounting department every morning. And because she knew
nothing about accounting, she could only help in the most mundane of tasks, such
as moving files, retrieving documents from the office library, and photocopying-
menial office chores. Specifically, Royston had suggested to the accounting
manager to have Grace support George. Royston knew that this change of status
would humiliate Grace further - she would be treated like an office assistant,
and office assistants were typically paid lower than the secretaries, if this
was a reflection of the pecking order in the company.

As they walked past a couple of female co-workers, Grace could not help but
notice that there was some giggling and sniggers. Grace hid her face behind the
files she was carrying, and could only ignore them and swallow her pride. The
office gossip was that Grace was trying to seduce the younger George by carrying
his files and helping him with all these administrative chores. In the meantime,
George seemed oblivious to the attention that they were getting whenever the two
of them were seen together - he was too preoccupied paying attention to his
attractive colleague.

George watched Grace arrange the files on the large table near his cubicle, and
shelving them in the overhead cabinet. Each time she stretched up to reach the
overhead cabinet, and each time she bent down to retrieve blank paper from the
low cabinet to refill the photocopier, George would unconsciously find himself
glancing at her. She was wearing ultra-sheer black pantyhose today - and George
found himself wondering if it was pantyhose or stockings. If she leaned a bit
further, he was sure he would have spotted the top of her stockings.

His lusty thoughts aside, he did offer his help to her a couple of times when he
saw her struggling with a heavy box of files or trying to load the photocopier.
But each time Grace had refused his help. She told George that Royston forbade
it, and that "it's a lesson" to her. George had the feeling that somehow, Grace
was concerned that Royston would be mad if he found out that Grace had let
George help her with her work.

George didn't quite understand it, but he remembered that there was something
strange about the relationship between Grace and Royston. Ever since the day
George witnessed Grace sucking Royston's cock, and then had the fortune of
cumming into her small hand, wrapped around his spasming cock, George has been
beating off every day and night recalling those sexy images.

Sometimes he would get so excited just watching Grace walking around the office
in her ultra short skirts and revealing blouses. He would imagine himself going
to her cubicle, taking out his cock and making it hard while standing behind
her. Then he would move in front of her, in front of her face, and see the shock
on her face, as she saw what he wanted her to do, at seeing his erect cock. He
would hold the back of her head, and she would know she has to give him what he
wanted. He would move in, and he can see she's almost frightened, and struggling
a little.  He would brush her lips with his fully erect cock, push it all the
way in, past her lips, all the way in. He would fuck her mouth, and shoot off;
shoot his dirty cum down the back of her throat, making Grace lick his cock
clean. After living that fantasy in his head, he just had to go to the restroom
and shut himself in the cubicle. With a few quick strokes, he would end up with
streams of jism on the bathroom walls.

Now with an incredible stroke of luck, Grace has been assigned to his
department, George thought. So he could watch his princess in the flesh, the
whole day. It was difficult for him to concentrate on his work with her walking
around him, being busy. Just then, George realized that Grace had caught him
glancing at her.

 "Those are very nice...um..." George started to say. Grace had looked up, and
caught George staring at her panty-hose clad legs. "..um.. shoes," George
finished his sentence, a little embarrassed, feeling like a schoolboy who had
been caught staring at his pretty teacher's legs.

Indeed, those heels - they looked like they were five or six inches high, which
were incredibly tall given Grace's petite frame. Grace looked a little
surprised, but quickly said, "Thank you..." flashing a little smile, before
returning to her work. George thought she looked a little uncomfortable
discussing her heels, so he decided not to ask her how many inches they were.

As he peered at Grace bending forward in her short skirt to retrieve the files
from the cabinet, her breasts straining against the tight blouse she was
wearing, his cock grew hard. Damnit - get back to work, he chided himself.
Absent-mindedly, he noticed the anklet that she was wearing had a couple more
beads than when he last saw it...

**

It was after lunch hour, and Grace was walking along the corridor in the office.
Ming, the girl from Mr Ko's department who had a beautiful head of long,
straight hair, happened to be walking in the corridor in the opposite direction,
when Grace stumbled. Ming quickly went over to help the smaller girl.

"Are you alright Grace?" said Ming, holding Grace's arm to steady her. Ming
noticed that Grace's jacket was buttoned up almost fully, up to the one just
below her collar.

Grace looked up at Ming. "Yes - yes.. I'm... fine... thanks.." she replied,
finding it hard to speak.

Unbeknownst to Ming, Grace had a vibrator in her pussy as she spoke. It was
secured tightly against her vulva and clitoris by her panties. It was a new
model that Royston got from Nakamori just to try out on Grace. Where most
wearable vibrators focus on the clitoris, this model boasted a powerful vaginal
stimulator with a realistically contoured shaft made of a rigid jelly material.
This shaft was penetrating Grace all the time she wore her panties, whether she
was sitting, or standing or walking. There were also a few versions of this
special vibrator. One version had a shorter, two-inch shaft made of softer
jelly, to enable the wearer to be able to walk or sit normally without feeling a
thing, if the vibrator was not on. Royston had selected for Grace the other
version - with the three-and-the-half-inch contoured shaft made of harder jelly,
so that she could always definitely feel it filling her.

To top it off, the vibrator had an additional nub for simultaneous clitoral
pressure. The tight pantyhose she was wearing further restrained the nub from
moving away from the spot where Royston had positioned it - right against the
tiny swell of her vulnerable clitoris. A wire from the vibrator led to a small
silver plastic box unit clipped to the waistband of her panties. This unit was
actually the wireless receiver to the remote controller which Royston kept. It
magnified the range which he could control the vibrator remotely. From halfway
around the other side of the office, he could turn on and off the vibrator which
he had strapped against Grace's private parts, even if she was not in the line
of sight. Besides turning it on and off, he could even vary the speed and
intensity of the vibration by six different levels.

Grace had stumbled because moments before, Royston had just activated the
remote-controlled vibrator, as she was walking. Grace attempted to cover up her
shameful secret, by telling Ming that she was just careless with her new shoes.
All this time as she conversed with the pretty Ming, Grace could feel the strong
impulses of the sex toy purring relentlessly in her crotch. Ming said, "Ok, walk
slowly then, you don't want to sprain your ankle," she said sweetly, "It is the
highest heels I have seen you wear Grace... and probably the highest in the
office." Ming smiled at her before she walked away, just as Grace felt the
impulses reach a new level of ferocity that she could not walk. Holding onto the
wall for support, Grace stood there for a full minute before the vibrations
slowed down again to a purr. Grace could feel her juices leaking out from her
crack now, crawling down her inner thighs.

Grace continued her way, slowly, as the vibrations wreaked havoc in her nether
regions. She must fight it! Grace told herself. She refused to be beaten by
Royston. Her nipples had grown hard and erect over the last minute, and their
tautness seem not to subside as she tried her best to ignore the feelings
washing over her, forcing herself to walk back to her cubicle. The material of
the jacket rubbed against her naked nipples and exposed skin of her breasts as
she walked.

Just ten minutes ago, she had been in Royston's office to report on what she had
done for George that morning. Royston had made her take off her blouse and her
bra - he had used her lipstick to write on the front of her white blouse -
"Sluts don't wear bras. They love walking in the office with vibrators in their
cunts."

Grace had no choice but to leave her bra and blouse in Royston's office. Just
before she left his office, she buttoned up her jacket - the only garment
covering her upper body.

Curiously, as she thought about the fact that she was naked under the jacket,
and that it was the only thing shielding her modesty from the eyes of horny men
in the office, she felt an uncontrollable shiver traveling up from the epicenter
of the mess of slushiness between her legs, to the curve of her bosom. In that
instant, her nipples grew so hard they became painful.

**
It was 7 p.m. Most people had left the office. Grace was in the executive
washroom on the top floor of the office. The washroom was only available for the
use of management executives like Mr Shih, Mr Ko and the other department heads.
And somehow Royston had the key. During the hours of nine in the morning to five
in the evening, whenever Grace had to use the restroom, she would be using the
ladies as she normally did. But after office hours, Grace had to always ask
Royston for permission to release her bladder, and she was to only use the
executive washroom. There was only one men's executive washroom and one lady's
executive washroom in the whole office obviously, and Royston only gave Grace
the key to the men's washroom. So Grace had to go to the men's executive
washroom, go to a cubicle, close the door, sit down on the toilet seat, pull
down her panties, and call Royston on her cellular phone.

She would then have to say, "Sir, this is Grace. I am in the men's executive
washroom. Can I please have your permission to take out the vibrator and pee?"

If Royston was happy, he would give her permission to pull out the sex toy from
her wet cunt and urinate, and she would then relieve herself. All this time, she
would be required to keep Royston on the phone, so that he could hear her go.
After she was done, she would then have to thank him, before she hung up, and
replaced the vibrator before pulling her panties back up. If Royston was not
happy or was busy, she would have to sit there with her panties around her
knees, and a full bladder, and he would tell her to stay on the line, or call
back in five minutes or ten minutes later to ask for permission again. During
the ten minutes in the cubicle, her heart would be beating very fast each time
she heard someone come into the washroom - she wondered if it might be Mr Shih,
or Mr Ko, and could not imagine what they would do or think if they realized she
was in the men's washroom.

Grace was sitting on the toilet, having already lowered her pantyhose and
panties to her knees. She called Royston on her cellular phone.

"Sir, this is Grace. I am in the men's executive washroom. Can I please have
your permission to take out the vibrator and pee?"

"Hmm...," said Royston, "let me see..." he said. Grace waited patiently.
Thankfully today, George did not ask her out for coffee like the day before, so
she had lesser need to go.

Grace heard the rustling of paper over the phone. His voice seemed further away,
and he came nearer again, as if he was busy at his desk. "Before I answer that,
let me ask you a question Grace," Royston said.

"Yes Sir?" Grace replied.

"You remember Mr Sorag, don't you?" Royston said.

"Yes Sir." Grace's mind whirled for an instant, as she tried to figure out what
Royston was up to.

"Well, he wants to ask us out for drinks tonight, and he asked me what I thought
of that."

Grace did not know what to say, and waited to hear what Royston had to say next.

"Since you haven't yet earned the right to have the vibrator removed from your
cunt today,  I am thinking of sending you to drinks with him by yourself. "

Grace felt horrified as the prospect of having drinks with Mr Sorag by herself,
with the vibrator turning on automatically on timer every ten minutes. The first
time in the hour it turns on, it would be on for half a minute and then it would
turn off. The second time it would be for one minute. And so on, until the last
time the vibrator would be on for a full three minutes. The last time she had
this experience was in the group meeting with Mr Sorag, and it was excruciating
not to cry out when the vibrator started and not to betray any emotions on her
face as the sex toy attacked her helpless cunt. This time it would be worse if
it was just the two of them, with him just concentrating on her !

Royston added, "In fact, I am even thinking of suggesting to him to compliment
you on your earrings and touching your earlobe." Grace visualized Royston saying
this with the annoying grin on his face. But she knew Royston was serious. If Mr
Sorag did touch her earlobe, this would mean that she would have to give him a
blowjob, and failure to do so would result in dire consequences to her.

"Please Sir, please... please don't make me give a blowjob to Mr Sorag," Grace
pleaded over the phone.

"Well it's up to you really, Grace. You do have a choice. If you do what you
have to do as a good girl does, then you won't have that vibrator in you when
you go meet Mr Sorag. And I won't mention the earrings to him."

Grace shut her eyes tightly, as she held the phone against her ear.

She knew what Royston wanted. She had to ask for permission to cum before she
was allowed to remove the vibrator. She hated this part very much, perhaps even
more so then being blackmailed by Royston to do the nasty things she had to do
over the last month, like giving the office janitor a blowjob, and walking
around in the shopping mall in those slutty clothes. She hated most the
humiliation of having to ask him for permission to orgasm, and actually
orgasming with the full knowledge that he knew exactly when she came, and he
controlled whether she would be allowed that guilty pleasure or not. What made
that guilty pleasure worst of course, was that it was a pleasure in the first
place - while her rational mind wanted her to stop, to resist and to run away
from this situation happening to her, her body had overruled her in that she was
forced to enjoy this involuntary climax whether she wanted it or not.

"Take your time to think about it Grace...but till I hear your answer, you won't
have permission to relieve yourself. So call me back when you made your choice."
The phone went dead.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------




Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 16

Grace's Hard Lessons
================
By Dark Avenger (send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

The story so far:

Grace, an attractive young career woman, learns a hard lesson that stealing from
her company does not pay. When her secret was discovered by co-worker Royston,
she thought that she could keep him quiet by agreeing to model skimpy swimwear
for a Japanese client of his. Grace realizes Royston's real punishment for her
was her humiliation at the hands of Mr Nakamori, where she was forced to crawl
around on all fours, and her forced masturbation in front of them.

With her acting like a dog captured on video, Royston blackmails Grace further
in the office. She is made to deliver a corporate presentation with a vibrator
buzzing in her pussy, where she almost orgasms. When her supervisor is let in on
her secret by Royston, Grace is raped by him. Grace soon learns the awful truth
that Nakamori now owns her body and would be training her as a slut to pay off
her debt.

Royston subjects Grace to greater humiliation, making her take the bus in skimpy
clothes, where she gets molested by a stranger, and bringing her to the shopping
mall where more revealing photos of her are taken in public. Back in the hotel
where she is staying, Grace has to answer the door in a see-through nightgown,
and to her everlasting shame, having to model a selection of underwear every
morning for the bellboy to choose for her to wear to the office.

Grace's submission training in the office continues, with Royston freely
accessing her tits at work, forcing her to flirt with clients, and making her
learn to ask for permission to pee. As Grace learns to ask for permission to
orgasm, her body begins to react unwillingly with arousal at her helpless
humiliation.

Chapter Sixteen (MF, humiliation, submission, toy, oral, facial)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

Grace sat there on the toilet seat, in the men's executive washroom. The
pressure on her bladder seems to have increased now, after her conversation with
Royston on her cellular phone - she needed to make a decision soon.

To her fright, the vibrator started pulsing in her pussy, and she let go a
surprised yelp, before quickly covering her mouth. Royston had turned it on
remotely from his office! Holding her urine in her bladder with the vibrator
buzzing like a swarm of angry bees in her pussy proved to be most difficult.
Grace felt that she could not hold it in much longer.

She called Royston back on her phone. Either way, it would be a blowjob. She
would rather do it with someone who knew her secret, rather than someone new.
The phone rang for six long rings, before it picked up. "Sir, this is Grace."

Grace endured the buzzing in her crotch, and she tried to cover it with her
hand, fearful that someone who might enter the washroom might hear it.

"So what is your decision Grace? Are you going to meet Mr Sorag on your own with
the vibrator in your pussy? Or would you prefer to go along with me?"

"I would like to go with you Sir. Can I please have your permission to pee now
please?"

"That's a good girl," Royston replied, "alright, you may pee"

With much urgency, Grace pulled out the live vibrator from her pussy, and
released her bladder. The relief of tension felt incredible. She pushed the
embarrassing thought to the back of her mind that Royston was listening to the
sound of her peeing.

As her urine trickled to a stop, Grace said, "Thank you Sir," into the phone.
Royston's voice came back loudly, "Don't forget what you need to do now," he
said.

Grace replied, "Yes, I remember," and hung up the phone. She looked at her
clingy juices on the shaft of the vibrator in her other hand, before inserting
it back slowly into her pussy.

Pulling up her panties, she continued sitting on the toilet seat. She recalled
how her self-worth had taken another plunge at Royston's hands yesterday,
literally.

The previous evening, it was also about 7p.m. when she was sitting down on the
couch in Royston's office. Grace's flashback was so vivid, it seemed like she
had went back in time..

**

"Alright, let's take a look at you Grace," Royston had told her.

Grace felt indignation, but nevertheless shifted her bum lower on the couch,
hiked up her skirt, and lifted up her legs in the air. She was wearing the very
high heels on her feet, so she really looked sluttish with her legs in the air,
with her thighs spread wide, hugging her knees to her chest. This was Position
Four, one of the numbered display postures that Royston had trained her to get
into. To his satisfaction, Royston could hear the humming of the egg vibrator
secured against the crotch panel of her purple bikini-cut panties, the small
sex-toy straining to jump out of the silk underwear. The bellboy had chosen that
purple panties for her to wear that morning.

"Sir, could I have your permission to cum please?" said Grace, with a beaten
tone.

"Well, let us see" said Royston as he sat down on the coffee table in front of
the couch, directly facing Grace and her open legs. He reached out for the
panties and pulled aside the panel covering Grace's pussy, revealing the glory
of her cunt lips and fuzzy pubic hair. The end of the vibrator was visible,
throbbing and glistening wet, trying to escape from Grace's tight pussy. In one
swift motion, his warm hand cupped Grace's pussy, his palm massaging her lips.
Feeling the touch of his hand on her sensitive bits, Grace involuntarily
contracted her vaginal walls, and the vibrator popped out into Royston's hand,
still buzzing fervently.

"Call your boyfriend on your cellular," said Royston.

Grace shook her head, as she tried to process that instruction in her head.
"W..why?" cried Grace.

"DO IT. If you don't do it on your own phone, I'm going to call him from mine.
And I'm sure he will like to hear from me why his girlfriend is sitting on the
couch in my office with her legs wide open, a vibrator in her pussy, begging for
permission to cum."

Tears came to her eyes. She knew she had no choice. Grace picked up her phone,
and reluctantly placed the call to her boyfriend's phone. It rang for several
rings, and for a moment, Grace thought her boyfriend was not going to pick up.
She felt a strange feeling wash over her. Was she relieved? Or disappointed? Was
it possible to simultaneously feel both? And then it picked up.

"Hello?" said the voice over the phone. It was her boyfriend.

"Hi" said Grace, "it's me" She felt a sense that she was betraying her
boyfriend as she realized she was sitting there with her legs spread open,
giving Royston access to her genitals like a shameless whore.

"Hi honey ! So good to hear from you!" her boyfriend said.

For the next few minutes, as Grace talked to her boyfriend over the phone,
catching up with each other as lovers do on how their week went, Royston was
applying the vibrating toy to Grace's clitoris. For poor Grace, focusing on the
conversation was hell. She almost lost control several times - the distraction
was bad enough with the spikes of pleasure assaulting her juicing pussy, but
having to try to talk normally was even harder.

As her boyfriend droned on and on about how his week went, Grace felt like she
was on the verge of cumming as Royston continued to manipulate her sensitive
pleasure button, coaxing it, teasing the little pink knob relentlessly. Grace
took a sharp intake of breath as Royston inserted two fingers of one hand
knuckle-deep into her shameless, juicing cunt, while the other hand pressed the
egg vibrator against the roof of the entrance to her hot tunnel, right next to
her little throbbing clit. It took Grace the tremendous exertion of willpower to
avoid making any noises while her boyfriend continued talking. Royston watched
on with amusement, grinning at the girl's humiliation.

"Put him on hold.." mouthed Royston silently.

"Hold on honey I've got an incoming call. It might be important. Could you
hold please?" Grace said to her boyfriend.

"Alright.. don't be too long dear," said her boyfriend.

Without waiting for Grace to put the line on hold, Royston plunged the vibrator
full-hilt into her well-lubricated pussy, causing her to almost squeal out.
Grace pressed the button on her phone and put her boyfriend on hold. She looked
at Royston, who had just stood up.

"On your knees slut," said Royston.

Grace got off the couch onto the floor, just as Royston unzipped his pants.

His cock was semi-hard when his underwear came down. Grace knew what was
required as the cock twitched slightly, pointing straight at her face. Taking
Royston into her mouth, Grace felt insufferable shame, having her boyfriend
placed on-hold while she sucked another man's cock. The cellular phone was on
the couch just behind her as she gave Royston a blowjob.

Grace stiffened as Royston turned up the intensity of the vibrator with his
remote control, but she continued sucking with her mouth locked onto his hard
cock. Royston looked down with satisfaction as Grace sucked his cock hard.

Before long, he felt the tension building up in his loins. Pulling his shaft out
of Grace's hot mouth, he told her, "Keep your mouth open! I'm almost there.."
He was pumping his hard cock furiously with his fist as the ejaculation arrived.

"Ohhhhh Ohhhhhhh..UHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGG," Royston moaned as he came. He
aimed partly into Grace's open mouth, spraying the first of his hot seed onto
her tongue, but also stayed intentionally far enough to miss, spurting streams
of white sticky jism one after another onto Grace's face and hair. After his
cock had its final jerk, Royston wiped the tip of his cock on Grace's lips.

He told her, "Good now put him back on the phone and kiss him goodbye. Then
you will be allowed to cum."

The vibrator stopped humming in her pussy, and Grace immediately felt her juices
running down her inner thighs. She remained in her kneeling position.

With the indignity of Royston's cum plastered on her face, and globs of it
swirling in her mouth, Grace felt utterly debased as she picked up the phone
from the couch, and resumed the phone call. "Dear, are you still there, " she
said, her voice on the verge of breaking as she felt the emotion starting to
well up from within her. She could smell and taste Royston's cum in her mouth.
And she could only imagine what she looked like to Royston with all his cum
plastered on her face.

"Yes I'm still here honey. Do you have to go?" her boyfriend said.

"Yes dear, I need to go" she said, trying to hide her stricken voice.

"You mean you need to come," remarked Royston in the background with amusement.
She could feel the vibrator starting to hum again in her pussy as it returned to
life under Royston's control.

"Alright, bye then," her boyfriend said to her over the phone, "I love you." She
could feel the vibrator setting her pussy on heat with renewed fury.

"Love you too" she replied as she felt her pussy starting to twitch, in tiny
spasms that signaled the impending earthquake. Grace's lower body had shifted by
now from a kneeling position into a sideways sprawling position on the floor.

The line went dead. Clutching the phone in her hand, Grace felt tears running
down her cheek, as her body stiffened in the approach of the climax that she
would soon experience, against her will. "Cum hard now, you dirty little slut, "
commanded Royston.

The tears on her face mixed with Royston's fresh semen, Grace felt his caustic
words send a lightning bolt up her spine. Then her already dripping cunt erupted
into a series of intense rhythmic contractions. Her upper body which was resting
on the seat of the couch, jerked violently in timing with each crest of her
forced orgasm. The spasms of pleasure reverberated all the way to her toes.
Grace still remembered the shameful feeling now of  Royston's semen dribbling
down the side of her face.

**
Grace's mind returned to the present, contemplating what she had to do next.
Shaking, she unlocked her cubicle door. Before she left the executive washroom,
she removed her sheer pantyhose, just in time before the vibrator started
rumbling in her wet pussy again - Royston was not a patient man.

------------------------------------------
Grace's Hard Lessons Chp 17

Grace's Hard Lessons
================
By Dark Avenger (send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com)

Chapter Seventeen (MF, humiliation, oral, forced orgasm)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

George was still working. He looked at his watch. It was already half past seven
in the evening. Everyone in the accounting department had already left, and he
was the only one left still working on his floor. Well, he thought he was the
only one left.

The accounting executive closed the last file on his table, yawned and stretched
his arms. Hearing footsteps along the corridor, he turned around in his chair,
craning his neck to see who it was who was still working overtime.

George could not believe it was Grace who appeared around the corner, and then
walked right up to him. She was wearing that smart black double-breasted jacket,
and the tight black skirt she was wearing earlier that morning. However, her
ultra-sheer black pantyhose was gone, showing off her bare legs below that very
short skirt. The other thing he noticed was that in the morning her jacket was
open completely, showing the tight white blouse she wore underneath; in the
afternoon, the last three buttons on the jacket was buttoned to hide her white
blouse, but still showing a little of the top of her bosom. He stared at the
young woman approaching him, his eyes fixed on the top button of the jacket
which had come undone, hoping to catch a tantalizing glimpse of her bra-covered
breasts as he would sometimes try to steal a glance if she wasn't watching.

Without saying a word, Grace knelt down in front of him. Due to her high heels,
it was a slightly difficult maneuver. George's heart raced like mad, as his
colleague used her hands to part his legs, moving her body in between his
thighs. She massaged his crotch while looking up at his eyes, and he quickly
became rock hard.

"Wh-what do you want Grace?" he croaked, when he finally found his voice.

"Don't you want me ?" she replied, with a shade of pink appearing on her pretty
face. George thought he saw her shut her eyes momentarily. Was that a
suppression of a shudder of pleasure? George wondered if he had somehow drifted
off at work into a dream - potentially a wet dream.

His princess was there in the flesh, in front of him, on her knees! George was
hard as a rock, painfully erect under the briefs - the only thing in his way
from showing Grace just how aroused he was.

Grace's fingers slowly unbuttoned her jacket, and slid it off her bare
shoulders. George's eyes grew big, and his mouth fell open as he realized that
the young lady was naked underneath - no blouse and no bra! With his eyes
feasting on her perky breasts and nipples, he felt the stabs of excitement in
his chest going down straight to his the rock-hard erection, building up the
tension in his loins.

Unzipping George, Grace tugged his underwear down. George was shocked by her
boldness. Immediately, his penis sprang up like a pole pointing to the ceiling,
standing at attention in the naked presence of the lovely Grace.

Grace felt a tingling feeling in her pussy. No it wasn't just tingling now, it
was squishy. She could hear Royston's voice in her head. "You don't want to be a
slut.  But your cunt doesn't much care.  Very soon it would want *any* cock in
it. In fact, any object in it would do as long as you can cum isn't it. That's
why you've been walking around the office with a toy in your filthy cunt. Soon
it would be feeling empty if it does not have a cock in it. Same thing - your
slutty mouth. It just wants to taste any cum in it, so that this little bitch
can orgasm. And lastly, like your worthless dirty cunt and cheap whore mouth,
your slut face wants to feel it too doesn't it. You just love  the feeling of
hot cum spurting on your face. You want to coat your face with it, decorate your
face with whichever man's sperm you can lay your hands on." Grace shut her eyes,
and tried to force out those thoughts from her mind, as she stroked George's
shaft. Opening her eyes, she looked at George's face again - he looked like he
was in absolute bliss.

She looked up at him, and George thought it was a deliciously obscene picture
with his massive erection pointing straight at her dolled-up face. The
purple-green veins on George's throbbing hard cock juxtaposed against her soft
red lips and hot pink tongue, as she licked the length of the shaft. Opening her
mouth wide, she took the cockhead into her oral cavity, sending George into
heaven as he felt the warmness of Grace's mouth envelope his cock.  Her tongue
swirled against the underside of his cockhead, and George thought he was going
to cum right there.

"You're damn sexy Grace" George muttered with pleasure, thinking about all the
times he masturbated about her. He was fascinated by the image of when she
withdrew from his cock by moving her head back, how his long cock appearing from
her small mouth. He stared as the hot pink tongue licked his glans and the
sensitive tip of his cock. She took it into her mouth again and continued
fucking her mouth on his cock, moving her head back and forth. George moaned in
pleasure as he saw how his cockmeat filled her small mouth completely when he
went deeply in, almost cutting off her air supply. "Oh Grace. " he groaned.

Grace dislodged the cock from her mouth, and grasped it gently with her hand.
"Please cum in my mouth George," she said. George could not believe his ears.

She put his cock back into her mouth, and began to pump her hand up and down his
shaft. " Oh fuck", he thought, "she's jerking me off in her mouth. The hottest
chick in the office is jerking me off in her mouth.  Grace is jacking off my
cock into her mouth!"

George could take no more. He felt his cock explode inside her mouth - Grace
kept the first cannon shot of cum in her mouth, but still kept up the frenzied
pace of sucking and stroking. Grace grimaced as the hot ejaculate rapidly filled
her mouth. She fought not to spill any, accidentally swallowing some in the
process. The young executive moved her head back, and George's rock hard shaft
slid out from her mouth, but she kept pumping it with her small hand. Another
gob shot out, and spattered on her snow white cheek.  Seeing his cum splat on
her innocent little face gave him another couple of surges that forced the last
of his cum out, running over her fingers. George sank back on his chair, not
believing what just happened.

**
Grace returned to Royston's office. She knelt down, and then went on all fours,
while opening her mouth to display the semen in it. Royston went behind her,
lifting up her short skirt. With one hand he pulled aside the panel of her wet
panties, and with the other, he extracted a buzzing vibrator, slick with her
juices.

"What are the rules for cumming, Grace?" he said sternly.

"I- I can't cum unless I've been given permission Sir.." she struggled to say,
trying to keep George's runny semen in her mouth. Keeping her chin up while
speaking in the doggie position was hard, but she had to do so to prevent the
cum from dribbling out of her lips.

"And?"

"And, I can't ask for permission unless I've got man-cum in my mouth," she
continued, her eyes downcast in shame.

Royston had been giving Grace the vibrator treatment for many days now.
Sometimes he would keep it on low vibration for a prolonged period as she worked
in the office, enduring the unwanted stimulation which left her insides all
slushy and wet. Other times, he would surprise her by suddenly turning it from
nothing to high speed using the remote control, which would cause her to jump
out of her seat, stumble and hang onto furniture for support, or fumble and drop
whatever she was carrying. Yet other times, he used a mixture of the two,
keeping it on low for half an hour to warm her up, then interspersing the rest
of the hour with short spurts of high intensity vibrations pounding her pussy
and on her aroused clit.

After many hours of continued stimulation, Grace would be on the verge of
cumming. Many days, she was tempted to let go, and let herself climax. Her
aroused body wanted to cum itself silly, much against what her rational mind
wanted - her young aroused genitals yearned for the release, and she found
herself subconsciously looking forward to the mind-numbing orgasm that would
release her from all the tension of trying not to cum. If there was something
Royston allowed her to do, it was that she was allowed to have the vibrator
taken out after she has orgasmed.

Grace initially resisted this of course, trying her best to resist the forced
stimulations and refusing to ask for permission from Royston to orgasm. One day,
after many hours of low arousal and repeated, high-intensity spurts of
vibrations, she found herself hovering on the edge of orgasm. When Royston
pushed the vibrator speed to the max, she did cum, hard. Only thing it was
without permission, and for that, she was punished. If there was something that
got him angry, it was when she came without asking permission. After a few days,
Grace learned her lesson - when she finds herself at a point where she can't
stand it anymore, she would bit her lip and ask him for permission to cum. She
couldn't care how humiliating that was anymore, for it was pure agony to retain
her composure in her office with the vibrator screaming in her pussy.

Grace on the first few occasions, asked for permission over the phone. Then
Royston varied the procedure, and she had to ask for permission in person at his
office, much to her dismay and great humiliation that he could observe her
orgasm. Grace thought her humiliation was complete, when in the aroused state
that her body was in, she could not help fingering herself to orgasm in front of
Royston.

Then, Royston imposed a new rule - that she could only ask for permission to
orgasm when she had semen in her mouth. He told her that a good slut must learn
to please men, before she would earn the right to enjoy an orgasm. Being able to
orgasm was not hers to control anymore, but a privilege granted to her. And a
good yardstick of whether she had pleased a man was when the slut had cum in her
mouth or in her tummy or all over her face. The day before yesterday, when Grace
came to his office to give him a blowjob, so that she could have his cum in her
mouth to earn the right to ask for permission to climax, Royston obliged her. It
humiliated her greatly, but she wanted to cum - she *had to* cum, so that she
wouldn't need to endure the vibrator for the rest of the working day.

And yesterday when she asked for permission again, Royston did not simply oblige
her with her request to suck his cock. He made her call her boyfriend, and had
her suck him while her boyfriend was on the phone line, before cumming all over
her face. Just when she thought it could not get any worse, the humiliation
escalated today. Grace begged for Royston to let her suck his cock today, and he
refused! To beg for someone to give you his cum in your mouth and be rejected
was utterly degrading, and it made Grace feel like a low-class whore. Royston
told her that she had to hunt around for a new supply of semen to go into her
mouth, so that she could cum. That's where George came into the picture.

"Well, you certainly do look like you have man-cum in your mouth right now
Grace. Out of curiosity, whose is it?"

"It's George's, Sir," replied Grace, tilting her chin forward as she spoke to
avoid spilling the precious cum from her mouth.

Royston smiled broadly with a couple of nods.

"I see very well Grace. Alright, let me examine your cunt then. Let's see if
it deserves to cum. hmm. wait a minute, it seems like you have already cummed
without asking for permission ! "

Grace felt tears brimming in her eyes. Her panties were completely soaked, and
after a whole week of examining her, Royston was able to tell. She had climaxed
when she felt the first taste of George's warm cum splashing the insides of her
mouth. She was not being able to stop herself from going over the edge as her
mind anticipated the orgasm that she would be granted permission to have by
Royston. She had already orgasmed when she felt her slut mouth being filled with
man-cum, semen which she had asked for, semen which she seduced a man for.

"Yes - Yes I did, sir I'm sorry!" she cried, admitting that she had climaxed
without permission. Her tears ran down her face, and some of George's white seed
spilled out from the corner of her lips.

If George had paid attention earlier, he would have noticed that just after he
had came in Grace's mouth and she was pumping his spasming cock with her hand,
Grace's lower body was quivering from strong vaginal contractions.

When Grace tasted the hot cum shooting in her mouth, her hole clamped tightly
shut and opened multiple times in involuntary response, squeezing the pulsating
vibrator that was buried deep in it. Unable to restrain her body's primitive
urges, the anticipation of the blissful release of an orgasm itself was
sufficient to propel her past the point of no return.
 
"There there now, its ok," Royston said, stroking her head. Royston wiped the
tears off Grace's face, contemplating Grace's punishment for cumming without
permission.

Grace was sitting on the floor, her legs sprawled open, her head against
Royston's thigh, her chest heaving from the sobs that escaped her, her mouth
trying to keep George's sperm load in. She wondered about her new life, her life
as a slut, and what would become of her now. After all she had sucked on the
cock of a male colleague in the office, and begged him to cum in her mouth, only
to earn the right to ask permission to cum from another male colleague. She was
a complete office slut now, wasn't she. How much lower could she sink?

Royston said, "Well then, you may swallow the cum then. Clean up all the drops
you spilled."

Grace swallowed the remnants of George's cum load down, and used her fingers to
scoop up the drops that had dribbled down her chin and onto her chest.  Grace
felt the pang of humiliation as she licked the cum off her fingers, but
amazingly, the pang felt duller than before. It was almost as if she was used to
feeling degraded and treated like trash, like a *slut*.

"Good, open your mouth and show me," Royston said.

Grace obeyed, and opened her mouth wide - showing him that she had swallowed all
of George's semen down, like the sperm-hungry slut that she was.

"How many beads do you have on your anklet now, my dear grace slut?"

Grace had a sensation like she was falling into a bottomless pit. Her fears and
frustration started to well-up again inside of her, as she fought to stay in
control.

"Six Sir," she replied, her lips trembling. Six beads meant that she had been
used by six men so far.

"Since you've already given George a handjob before, I won't give you another
bead really or we'll be double-counting, won't we?" said Royston.

"Yes Sir, " Grace replied.

"So did George or anyone ask you the significance of the beads?" said Royston.

"No Sir," she replied, her heart pounding.

"Well, if anyone does, you know what to say?" Royston asked, his eyes stern.

"Please Sir" she pleaded. Surely he can't expect her 

"You are to tell the truth. Say that each bead is to teach you a lesson. Each
bead represents a man whom you sucked, masturbated or was fucked by," said
Royston.

Grace was dumbfounded.

"Do I make myself clear?"

"Y..yes."

"You will be checked on."

He looked at her.

"Do you understand?"

"Y..yes," she replied.

"If you fail to follow instructions, you will find yourself having a chance to
earn two beads simultaneously," said Royston.

Tears came into her eyes - she could not dare to imagine the depravity Royston
and Nakamori would have in store for her next. She remembered Nakamori's words
in the photo studio more than two weeks back - "In the next six months, your
body will be mine to offer to anyone to use, at my pleasure. Your body will be
used in any manner that they choose for one thousand per night. If for some
reason after six months you are unable to pay me back the hundred grand you owe,
you will be auctioned off to the highest bidder."

"Well say it now," said Royston, "what do the six beads on your anklet mean?"

"Each.. bead is to teach me a lesson," Grace said slowly, as if the act of
saying it caused her physical pain. "Each bead.. represents.. a man that." She
choked on a sob.

"..that I have sucked or masturbated" Grace paused to breathe in.

"..or that I have.. fucked," she said, saying out the last word with difficulty.

"Sluts don't fuck anyone." Royston corrected her, shaking his head, "Sluts get
fucked. Remember now, you're Nakamori's slut. He owns you. He decides who fucks
you."

Grace clenched her eyes shut in shame. Grace wondered, with the taste of
George's cum still in her mouth, the beads on her anklet, and Nakamori's words,
if all of that had summarized her new position in life - a prostitute and a
slut, to be used by men. She asked herself - which was lower, a slut or a whore?
Perhaps being a prostitute would be simpler for her mind to accept than being
Nakamori's slut. She would be selling her body to pay back her debt. If she
didn't, they would sell her off to become a slave somewhere. Would she be able
to live her new life as a prostitute? Grace felt the sobs welling up again as
she contemplated her bleak future.

"Tell me again, slut, why six beads?"

"Each bead represents a man that I .. sucked or masturbated.." she forced
herself to say again, looking at Royston, "..or that I got fucked by" Grace
finished the derogatory self-confession, and realized with a hot flush behind
her ears that she had somehow said it more perversely than how Royston said it.

"That's better," Royston said, a grin spreading on his face. "If I don't see you
working hard to please our client tonight, I know that is one confession that Mr
Sorag and his business associates would definitely like to hear."

"Yes Sir," Grace replied anxiously.

While Royston had much more ideas for training Grace and breaking her in, he
took real delight knowing that she would be extra humiliated to find out that
one of her key uses to him was to help win business deals - using her body. It
was Nakamori's payment in kind to him for helping to train Grace.

He smiled to himself as he played with Grace's hair, gazing down at the pretty
young executive seated meekly at his feet. His cock stirred in his pants. It may
not be tonight, but it would only be a matter of time, he thought to himself.
How many times over the next few months will Grace be fucked by Mr Sorag and all
his other clients?

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Avenger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





