BDSM Library - The Visit




The Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story starts out with a father and son taking a trip to visit their friends. It ends up with the boy taking another trip. THE VISIT   
&nbsp;   
"Hey Dad, how much longer till we get there?" I ask anxiously.   
"Oh, we should be arriving about this time tomorrow. Take it easy,
      we'll get there on time."   
We have been riding RT 93 up from Wickenburg, Arizona the whole
      day. We're headed for Pablo, Montana to visit with a friend of Dad's whose
      has a ranch up there.   
"Anxious to see Mikey again?" He asks.   
"Oh yea and the lake with the sand and diving boards, you bet Dad." I
      reply   
"Anything else excite you?" Dad inquires.   
"Oh and the good food."   
"I mean was there anything special that you did with Mikey or Uncle
      Daniel that you liked?"    
"Oh yea that too." I know what he means but I want to avoid talking
      about it.   
"There be others there this time. You'll have more boys to play
      with then you can shake a stick at. And more men too."   
We drive on for another hour or two until it starts getting late
      and since Dad has been driving since early morning he must be getting tired.   
"OK That's enough. I've had it" He says.   
"Can't we keep going Dad. I'm not tired one bit." I tell him trying
      to avoid stopping here.   
"We could have been a lot further if it wasn't for your stupid
      mother. You may not be tired but I sure as hell am. Speaking of your mother
      did she notice your lack of tan lines?"   
"Aw come on dad, no she didn't, I'm twelve, I'm old enough to shower
      myself."   
Then Dad says under his breath thinking I can't hear him. "The
      fuckin bitch should die."   
The car slows down as we pull off the highway and into the Gibbonsville
      Best Western Motel.    
"We can get us some supper and stay here for the night."   
"Hey look Dad, Oh boy! And they have a pool!" well if we must stop
      this isn't a bad place to stay.   
After signing in, Dad and I get a hamburger and fries in the restaurant
      then bring our stuff from the car and go to our room.    
Once we're in the room Dad hands me his bag, "Here, unpack for
      me, I just want to lie down and rest my eyes, maybe, later, take a shower." and
      takes off his shirt and shoes and falls onto the bed.   
His size makes the bed squeal loudly when he lands.    
"They got a nice pool. Can I go for a swim?" I ask trying to get
      out of the room as soon as I can.    
I turn to see him looking at himself scratching his hairy chest
      while the top of his balding head shines back at me.   
"Huh, if your sure that's what you want. I saw some kids out there
      by the pool they were younger, cute though. I saw this boy out there, I
      was thinking maybe I'd see if he wanted to play or something." I say still
      trying to get out.   
"Play, huh is that what you want?" He response is notably more
      interested than before.   
"Aw come on, Dad, can't I just go out for awhile." I say with my
      hand on the doorknob just about ready to run out.   
Dad hands me a small package. "Here&hellip; I was going to wait
      until we get to Uncle Dan's but you might just as well have it now."   
"Can I open it later? I want to go out now." Dad's always giving
      me presents.   
"I want you to open it now. Gee thanks Dad." He says sarcastically.   
 Ripping the wrapping off I anxiously open the box and after seeing
      it, I somewhat reluctantly pull out the gift.   
"Well aren't you going to thank me?" Dad asks.   
"Oh yea, thanks Dad. It's real nice." I say flatly.   
"I hope you like it. It's a Speedo racer, you know just like Mikey
      wears. Remember you said how much you liked his."    
"A yea, thanks Dad, yea it's great."    
"Try it on why don't you and let's see how it fits." Dad says.   
"No that's alright Dad, I'll just go out to the pool.."   
"I said try it on."   
"It looks kinda small for me." I say trying to avoid the inevitable.   
"Ok I guess it's time again. It's only been a couple of months
      and already you have forgotten."   
"Forgotten what ?" I ask not knowing what he is talking about.   
"OK Who loves you boy?"   
"You do Sir."   
"Who gets you everything you want boy?"   
"You do Sir."   
"Who knows you best boy?"    
"You do Sir."   
As I respond to the questions I feel my body start to sag as if
      he is reaching in and pulling the life out of me. "And what are you boy?"   
For the longest second I hold back afraid to answer.    
"And what are you boy?" he asks a second time.   
Then gathering all my courage I spit it out. "I'm a slut sir."   
"And who's slut are you." He keeps pushing at me.   
"I'm your slut sir. I'm your whore." I recite the words instilled
      in me.   
"And what is best for you boy?"   
"To do what you tell me to do sir."   
"Why boy?"
"Because I'm nothing without you sir!"    
"We will repeat the questions and answers daily."   
"Yes Sir." I'm sorry I forgot. At this point I feel like I've just
      been dumped into a sewer.   
That's better. Now about those sexy swim trunks."   
"Can I try them on now sir." I say in a reluctant tone still hoping
      he'll say never mind.    
'Why sure you can boy."   
 Then out of the blue he asks "What does your stupid fucking mother
      do for you boy?"   
"The stupid bitch doesn't do a fucking thing for me sir." Automatically
      I reply.   
"Good you remembered" he replies.   
Like in a daze I pick up the trunks and walk to the bathroom tormented
      by tug of war going on inside my head.    
"Wait&hellip; out here boy. You can change out here, yea, over
      by that mirror."    
"But I'd rather go to&hellip;" I don't want to change in front
      of him. I'm ashamed of my sex.   
"What did I say boy."   
"But&hellip; can I at least get a sniff." I plead with him.   
"What, you know better than to ask me for that. Now get over here
      and change."   
Reluctantly I walk back over to the mirror. Knowing that as I stand
      between the mirror and him I can't hide anything of myself from him, hesitantly
      I pull my clothes off. Feeling a waft of cool air caress my ass causes
      the start of an erection for me. Embarrassed I try to hide it by squeezing
      my legs together.   
"Hahaha! no need to hide boy. " He relishes my shyness and that
      only makes me feel worse.   
His remarks have the affect of a ton of bricks being heaped on
      top of me. I didn't think I could feel lower or more humiliated but I wasn't
      prepared for his next remark would do to me.   
"You know what it does for me to watch you wiggle your ass like
      that." His crude remark becomes my stepping stone to the other side.   
Now I slow down and slowly wiggle into my new swim suit knowing
      what he likes.   
"Yea that's better. Ummm slow yea I like that. Nice tight ass.
      Nice slut." I hear him start to fidgit with himself.    
I try avoid having eye to eye contact with him.   
He motions me toward him. "Come closer boy. As usual you know nothing.
      I'd better adjust it for you."    
"Don't pull down back here, pull it up. And here in the front,
      pull this together more so that you stand out.    
Your tall for twelve but you need more meat on your bones. As small
      as you are you need to learn how to make yourself look bigger. Remember
      it's all about being big. I even bought these a size too small too help
      you out. Now Mikey, hahaha! doesn't need any help." After some more pulling,
      tugging and smoothing he props me up in front of the mirror and sits back
      down on the bed.    
 "There, that's more like it, see how much bigger you look."   
I look at my reflection in the mirror, in particular the large
      mound that is my crotch. The skimpy briefs are made even more so by Sir's
      adjustments. The pressure exerted by the suit against my sex has stiffened
      me further. The cool air swiping at my cheeks makes me aware that he pulled
      the suit together exposing both my cheeks. My face becomes warm from the
      blood rushing to my face. I feel a tug in the pit of my stomach.   
"Hahaha! Your blushing. I dread the day when you lose that look
      of innocence boy." He says almost solemnly.    
As I turn sideways I can see the outline of my cock. There's practically
      nothing left to the imagination.   
I feel my attention drawn to the mirror where I watch as the boy
      in the mirror is being turned around by the man as he also watches the
      boy.    
"You like it? See how much better it looks." He asks looking me
      over.   
"Yes sir, yes, I see, that's much better." I say looking back towards
      him.    
I see him looking at me the way as he does when he gets horny. "Remember
      this is the proper way to wear it and the only way. This is all you'll
      be allowed to wear at the ranch. Who are you?"   
"I'm your whore sir." I reply the thought of me being his whore
      makes my asshole pucker up.   
As he looks me over our eyes meet and I feel myself being drawn
      to him. My mind aches from the push and pull of right and wrong, restraint
      and desire. I can't keep fighting it&hellip;.The tug in my stomach is turning
      into a full fledge knot&hellip;.a knot full of desire. I feel myself falling
      further and further down the a dark hole but at the same time becoming
      more and more alive!    
"I understand sir, do you like it on me sir?" I ask as I sash shay
      myself in front of him swinging my shoulders and arms as he showed me before.   
Looking back at myself in the mirror "Are you sure you want me
      to go out looking like this sir?" I say smiling back at him over my shoulder. "What
      will they say of me sir."   
"Now that I've my girl back. They'll call you a whore. And you
      are, But you're my whore."    
Looking down at the bulge in his pants I smile "I can see you like
      what you see."   
Sir smiles and gets up to move directly behind me. Towering above
      me he wraps his huge hairy arms around me and pulls me back against him. "Hmmm,
      yes I like this much better." He whispers into my ear. The warm soft touch
      of his whispered words on my ear draws me to him like honey to a bee. I
      sway my ass against him rubbing his crotch with my ass as I feel him hardening
      for me. I feel myself wanting to give into his every wish.    
"Look at those two in the mirror." He continues ever so softly&hellip; "Concentrate;
      try to feel what they are feeling."   
 "That boy is being bad and you know what that means don't you" as
      a smile spreads across his face.   
I fixate on the image before me. I watch as he pulls out a small
      vial and places it on the bureau in front of the mirror just in reach of
      me.    
"There, take it boy."   
I stare at the bottle, shaking my head no, not wanting it in my
      presence. "Noooo."   
Suddenly I'm ejected out of the comfortable place I'd just been
      getting used to and brought back to the reality of my debasement. "No,
      not that Sir please I'll be good without it. Pleased don't&hellip;" I turn
      away trying to maintain this last vestige of my saneness, my last fight
      to maintain my choice not his. This is sooo wrong. Why does he do this
      to me, torment me so!   
"Don't fight this boy, you know how slutty it makes you feel."   
"Go ahead take it" He urges me on.   
 I watch in the mirror as the man grabs the vial and the boy at
      the same time and tries to push something under the his nose.   
Still twisting my head about I try to avoid taking in the harsh
      fumes.    
His grip on me tighten's. "Here, breathe, take it in, take a deep
      breath. Come on you know you want it. Whore, slut, cunt, pussy. that's
      what you are, now sniff."   
I see his hand move over my crotch and then feel him kneed me as
      if I was a squeeze toy.    
"Noooo, please&hellip;" But as much as I know that this is wrong
      I feel myself giving in more and more until finally I get a faint whiff
      of the substance and all resistance ceases to exist within me. Just the
      slightest whiff is all it takes as it courses through my body and plummets
      into the deepest recesses of my mind. Like a bird being freed I feel myself
      being freed. I no longer refuse it. Now I want it!   
Bending my head forward I take a deep breath and suck in the harsh
      yet very intoxicating fumes. It explodes in my lungs at first then I feel
      it as it propels itself deep into my belly, soon after that my whole body
      becomes a lightening rod to his electric touch. I lose any ability to concentrate
      as the two people before me spin round and round faster and faster &hellip;then
      just as fast as it came I feel myself slowing down and down.    
"That's it, let go, enjoy. Yes my whore." I hear Sir say.   
"Ohhh, thammmk youuuu." I hear myself slurring my words.   
Sir nudges me closer and closer to the mirror until I'm so close
      I lose its boundaries and it ceases to exist as a mirror. The two individuals
      before us become voyeurs to my debauchery as Sir's course electrically
      charged hands continue to rasp against my sensitized skin, bringing it
      to life, opening a doorway to my dark soul.    
He continues to whisper into my ear "Look at the boys face, he
      needs, he desires to have a man's hands on him. And more, something much
      more, look at him, look at you, yearning for it. Cock!"    
Me, him , him, me. Momentarily I look into the man's eyes and remain
      transfixed by his stare.    
I can't focus, am I him or is he me? My mind starts to spin again
      up, down, right, left, good, bad are all as one.   
"I ohhhhhh&hellip;." I lose my balance and start to fall over!   
"Hold on, don't faint on me. Here take some more&hellip;"    
"I'm sorry&hellip;.I &hellip;" I can't focus, I don't want to.    
I see the bottle in front of me.   
I grab it and push it into my nose. I inhale and sparks fly all
      about, I feel weightless and yet heavy. All of a sudden I am consumed by
      the need for sex. All my orifices cry out to be filled!    
Frantically I pull at my swim trunks to get them off! Sir has to
      help while I lean on him for support.   
I feel as though I'm in a thick fog with my mind and my body working
      in ultra slow motion.    
"You'll feel a litle groggy that's all" sir tells me.   
I hear and understand him but all that I can do is smile back at
      him and smile as I say "Please, I'm really fuck up."    
It feels like it took me minutes just to say that.   
"Oh you want to get fucked up do you?" Sir says.   
Bending forward I pull my cheeks apart and like a dog push back
      against his bulge and grind myself into him. I need him to want me. I feel
      his hardon through his pants throbbing away at my ass hole.   
Then I feel his wet finger trace the crack of my ass from my back
      down to my balls. It causes a shiver to run through me. I find it almost
      impossible to stand still while his finger probes and softly pushes at
      my fuck hole.    
I've got to have his cock inside me! Yet somewhere in the back
      recess' of my mind I know this is wrong, yet I can't stop myself.   
I start to plead with him to fill me up. "Please sir! This is your
      pussy. Fuck your whore please!"   
"Good boy. You want me to unload my fat cock in your pussy, huh?" sir
      growls into my ear spitting the words out and showering my face with his
      spittle.    
I hear his zipper open and then his cock head pushing at the entrance
      to my asshole. I push back, wet and slippery I feel it push and push until
      finally my muscles let him enter and fill me up. His huge hard hands claw
      at my sides, pushing and pulling me against him. In and out, in and out
      he his ramrod slips deep into my bowls only to be pulled out from me. The
      only sound I hear is the SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! of my ass hitting against his
      lap. It takes all my control to keep from playing with myself but I know
      I'm not allowed.   
Then all of a sudden I hear him start to cum "DON"T YOU FUCKIN
      CUM! UGHHHH! FUCK ! WHORE! PIG! FUCK! SLUT! SHIT! OHHHH FUUCK!!!" Then
      suddenly I feel him release his hot load deep inside me.    
"YES I'M YOUR PIG. YES! YES! FUCK THIS WHORE!" The words pour out
      of me with a vengeance somehow trying to will him to pummel me even more
      than he has.   
For the longest of seconds he lays over me, arms wrap tightly around
      me I support him. Then after e time I feel him pulling out of me and I
      immediately start to feel his warm cum oozing out of me and down my legs.    
He turns me around with my back to the mirror and pulls me to him. "You
      are so beautiful when you are this way. Now it's your turn."   
"Thank you sir" I respond to him.   
He hands me the bottle.   
"Do you want any sir?" I ask   
"No thank you pussy." He answers.   
I grab the bottle and holding it under my nose take a deep breath.
      Here come the sparks and wobbly legs. I start to wretch but hold it back.   
I lean forward extending my face towards his. I reach out my tongue
      asking for his. Together they reach out, flicking themselves, then touch
      and wind up frantically lapping at each other until both our faces are
      soaking wet from each others slobber.   
He pulls my mouth hard against his, hurting me so. He knows the
      powerful affect his kisses have upon me. Hurt or not I am his.   
From out of nowhere I am struck by a lightening bolt! POW! "OW!" POW! "OW!" The
      shock of his hand striking my ass catches me off guard.    
I try to pull away.   
"Why do you pull away? Are you afraid? Do you not want this?" He
      asks me.   
"Nno, Yyes!" I reply unsurely.    
'I want my pussy red tonight. I want my pussy to be so sore tomorrow
      so that every time she tries to sit down she is reminded of what happened
      tonight." Sir says.   
Eye to eye I stare mesmerized by this man. I know what is coming
      yet I cannot contain myself I lean forward and pushing my lips onto his
      as hard as can I signal to him to do what he will with me.   
In rapid succession my ass continues to be his target. POW! POW!
      POW! POW! "OW! OW! OW! OW!"    
My ass feels like it is on fire with each slap increasing my sensitivity
      to the point where I become aware of the next slap before it is applied!
      It is getting too much. I feel my tears flowing down my cheeks cooling
      them as they go. When will it end?   
"No stop, please stop" I beg as I roll my ass around trying to
      avoid the slaps of his big callused hands. But my movement only causes
      his hand to catch my thighs instead of my ass and that just hurts more.    
"Does my pussy hurt?" He asks.   
"Yyesss" Is my only reply.   
"You don't really want me to stop do you?' he asks taking his hands
      away and freeing me from his grip I try to get away but still being unsteady
      I fall back into his arms.   
"Good now remember you're my whore and I can do with you as I please " he
      replies.   
He looks into my eyes and smiles all the while I fidget around
      trying to break free of his grip. Fearing his next searing touch.   
"Are you still afraid?" He asks.   
"YYes sir." I reply.   
"Good pussy." He says matter of factly and then proceeds to fondle
      my cock until I feel myself reach a fever pitch.    
"I'M READY TO CUM!" I groan holding back as best I can.    
His caressing hand falls away from my being.   
 "Oh please don't stop! More I need more. Hit me. Please hit me." Then
      begging him "I'm your whore! Fuck me please!" I urge him on.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
piss   
&nbsp;   
 "Not yet! Don't come until I tell you! Do you understand? "   
"Kneel down here facing me." He says as he pushes me down.   
Grabbing the back of my head he pulls my face into his crotch.
      I feel his soft cock pressing against my lips.   
Immediately my mouth opens and sucks him inside all soft and tasting
      of his cum.    
I feel his grip on me tighten up. "Don't let any spill or you'll
      have to clean it up."   
Suddenly a hot explosion fills my mouth! PISS! He is pissing into
      my mouth. I try to squirm my head out of his grip but find it impossible.
      It's taste is heavy and acrid from holding it in all day.   
"Stop squirming and drink!" I hear him say from above me.   
Unable to break free I stop fidgeting and try to focus on him and
      what he is saying.    
"That's a good whore!" he says from above me.   
 "Yes." I answer immediately but it sounds all garbled with all
      the piss in my mouth.   
He slows down to a trickle then nothing and then releases his grip
      on me.   
I stand up before him whipping my face of his piss.   
"That's was good wasn't it boy?"   
"Yes sir, thank you sir."   
"Good whore."   
Having still not cum I find it impossible to stay still from all
      my pent up sex.    
I want more of sirs elixur.   
Eyeing the bottle on the bureau I ask him "I want to be a good
      whore sir can I please have another sniff sir?"   
"Sure go ahead. There's more where that came from" he says handing
      my the magic bottle.   
I close my eyes and breath through my nose. There it goes through
      my body. My mind races and spins at the same time, this and sex is all
      that matters.   
POW! OH THE PAIN! I am brought awake again by sir. After each slap
      now I do a little dance.    
"OW! No more! Please stop. Don't Please!" I beg for him to stop.
      POW! POW! Still again and again I am forced to endure the pain. My ass
      feels like I am sitting on hot coals. The throbbing pain digs deep within
      me as I await yet another blow.   
Then just as suddenly the beating starts, it subsides.   
Sir bends over and while tenderly placing hot wet kisses all over
      my face once again begins to massage my throbbing cock.   
"OHHH!' I shiver and shake uncontrollably from his attention to
      me.   
"You like this?" He asks.    
"OHHHH, I loove it." I croon, not wanting him to stop.   
"Only gutter pigs like this. Are you a gutter pig?"   
"No!" I say ashamedly.   
POW! " OHHH! "POW!"OHHH!" POW! "OHHH!" He is hitting me! He is
      fondling me!    
Like a thousand bees his hands sting at my ass, tears run down
      my cheeks like rivers. Like a lightening bolt, each slap penetrating my
      being, instantly jolting me awake only to have a vail of fog immediately
      cloud my thoughts again. And when I gain my thoughts it is all about my
      throbbing hardon. I tighten my ass waiting for the next throbbing blow
      or the next soft stroke and yet through it all I hang onto him for dear
      life, afraid to let go.    
"Yes! I'm a gutter pig." I say to stop him from hitting me.   
"Like that?" He asks.   
POW!! "EEEK! Please." I start to scream as the pain of each blow
      brings on an intolerable stinging sensation.   
"Like That?" He asks again.   
Is he asking if I like him fondling me or hitting me?    
POW! "EEEK!! OHH! Please yes!" I beg him again.   
"What did you say? Are you not my beautiful gutter pig?" He asks.    
SLAP! "OHHH! Please no. Please yes." SLAP! "OHHH!" SLAP! "OHHH
      YES!" and another SLAP! "OHH    
YES, YES!" I see his hand exploding on my ass! Each hit a revelation
      in my being!   
Then a inkling of something starts to build deep within me. POW!
      POW! My ass burns it's way deep inside me.   
The pain is becomes part of my sexual desire and causes a desire
      to erupt within me until I can no longer contain it! "YES! BEAT ME! PLEASE
      I'M YOURS. I'M YOUR FUCKING GUTTER PIG!" My emotions pour out of me!   
Then Sir whispers in my ear "OK you can come now."   
POW! "OHHHHH! PLEEEEASE FUUUUCK MEEEE!" I pray for him to continue
      beating me! Still not letting go of him I squeeze his leg between mine
      and just like a dog I ride him, my body jerking uncontrollably at the waves
      of spasm coursing through me. Closing my eyes I feel the sudden gush shooting
      from me, then an instant later another gush as my body trembles from my
      experience and finally the last bit is painfully spit out of me. Slowly
      I come back down from whereever I was.    
Still holding me to him, he says smiling "Beautiful! Take a look
      at yourself in the mirror. My first and only rough rider. "    
I hold onto him so as not to fall down and turn to face the mirror.   
I see the scared boy bent over and cowering in the man's arms with
      his reddened ass and a face full of his own slobber crying in waves of
      pain and desires that have past. His ass glows a sharp red clearly set
      off from the white of his skin. The man above him is smiling.   
I see the over whelming look of shame on the boys face. He&hellip;I
      can't go on like this. I shouldn't be doing this. I've got to stop. I want
      to crawl into a hole and sleep. I fall to my knees and break out sobbing,
      my shoulders rounded over as tears race uncontrollably down my cheeks.
      Seconds pass as I continue to break down.   
"OK, OK, That's enough now." I hear Sir say as he rubs my back. "Look!" He
      says as he tugs my head up to see. "Look what you've done to my pants." He
      says pointing to the telltale white mucus substance on his pant leg.    
"I'm sorry."   
"You got your cum on my pants. What are you going to do about it."    
I don't answer cause I don't want to do it.    
"Come on, clean it up"   
Then grabbing my head and forcing me towards the stain. "Come on
      now clean it up."   
Something makes me resist but he is too strong for me.    
He becomes annoyed and pushes my face hard against the mucous substance. "Open
      your pussy mouth and get busy licking it clean."    
POW! His other hand lands on my ass the hardest hit yet.   
"OWWWW!" His slap forces my mouth open and tongue to come out touching
      the stinky stuff.   
My tongue withdraws into my mouth carrying the horrible substance
      with it. The taste causes my stomach to lurch but I hold back. Sirs hand
      falls away from my head as I force myself to lick up the rest.   
"And don't forget what fell on the carpet. You'd better get that
      as well."   
 "Yes sir." I reply as I bend further down lapping at the dirty
      floor testing for the taste of my cum and the piss that got away.   
&nbsp;   
"See how you are. Your not like other kids. Your special, you belong
      to me and to the family.    
You've got to remember " That's enough for now. Boy you've hurt
      my hand hitting you."   
"I'm sorry sir" I reply automatically.   
Letting me go Sir sits back down on the side of the bed and light's
      a cigar. I remain frozen staring at the other boy in the mirror wishing
      I were him. It's hard coming down from the high I was just at.   
"What about the pool. You wanted to go before." He says to me.   
"No, I don't want to go now." I say still staring at myself in
      the mirror right next to the magic bottle.   
"Good, you'll have plenty of time to enjoy the water at the ranch
      with Mikey and the rest tomorrow when we get there. Come to bed before
      you fall down. And stop playing with yourself. "    
I try to find the words through the haze of my mind "I, I.. can't&hellip; help&hellip; it&hellip;feels
      soooo fuckin&hellip;good." I start to remember our last trip. Pictures
      of me with Mikey and uncle Dan come into sharp focus. "Can Mikey and uncle
      Dan fuck me tomorrow? Please&hellip; pretty please&hellip;,I, I'll&hellip; be
      your good little&hellip; whore. Please oh please let me." Slurring my words
      seems to put more emphasis on them.   
I look down to see my hand continuing to jerk at my limp red cock
      head and my other hand reached around and poking into my asshole.    
"Fuck&hellip;. I&hellip; can't&hellip; get&hellip; hard. Fuckin&hellip;.pussy."   
Still woozy from the magic I reach out my hand for his support
      but he just rolls over away from me and curls up ignoring me. It's funny
      I can think clearly, especially about sex, but when I try to do anything
      I get all sloppy.   
 "Yes, yes&hellip; I can wait&hellip; until&hellip; tomorrow." I
      say resignedly, just mouthing the words. I continue to float in a fog-like
      state. I've developed this lump in my stomach that only keeps on getting
      bigger and tighter.    
Ouch! OHH! My cock hurts from my continuous jerking off.    
"Good now if your done playing with yourself. Come to bed." He
      says without turning over.   
Unsteadily I stand up, still feeling like I could float out of
      here, my ass feeling like the surface of the sun. I try to speak "Please
      fill me up." Not knowing what I mean by that.   
"Tomorrow, tomorrow you'll get all you can handle." He says half
      dozing off.   
BAM! OUCH! I stub my toe on the bed frame.   
"What boy? That's' the crap you snort, it's still in you. Go to
      sleep give it a chance to wear off."    
"Can I have my teddy bear?"   
"Yes get it and get to bed."   
I grab my teddy bear and manage to literally fall into bed with
      my head spinning wildly.   
"Now go to sleep!"    
When I hear that tone of voice I know enough to just say "Yes Daddy.
      I love you."   
 PT II   
The following day passes by slowly until finally late in the evening
        we arrive at the ranch. We turn unto the road and head to the foothills.
        Another half hour later and it's 11 o'clock when we finally pull up to
        the house. 
Just as we pull up Daniel and Mikey come out to greet us.   
Actually seeing them causes my mind to be flooded with pictures
      of our last visit. I see them differently now. Then I saw them as strangers
      now I see them in a more personal way.   
Dad is wearing his biggest smile, shaking hands with Daniel and
      then looking at Mikey "Well Mikey you sure have grown since the last time
      hasn't he son."    
"Yes" I say smiling. He has grown! He is a lot taller and more
      muscular than me but he is older. I can't help but notice him since all
      he is wearing is very tight cut offs and apparently nothing underneath.
      His long blond hair sweeps over his eyes makes him have to keep swooping
      his head in order to be able to see. He seems a bit sidetracked as he keeps
      looking back at the house.   
I turn my attention to the ground to afraid I might give myself
      away by looking at Mikey.   
Mikey gets Daniel's attention "I have to get back in, Rashid, you
      know, wants me back." He runs back into the house.   
"Well let's go I can't wait to get started either." Dad says to
      Daniel.   
Grabbing his arm Daniel gets dad's attention "Ahh just a minute
      Ron. There's something we must talk about first." Then glancing in my direction. "Let's
      go over here where we can talk." And they move away just far enough to
      make hearing them difficult. I catch some words&hellip;.   
Daniel starts "You can't&hellip;they all agreed"   
Dad seems to be pleading "you said&hellip;.isn't there anyway I
      can&hellip;last time you said.."    
"I'll see what I can do."   
Daniel goes into the house leaving Dad to pace nervously and after
      a quite a while comes back out.   
Daniel starts again " OK this is&hellip;.are you sure&hellip;I
      don't blame you if&hellip;well be short a couple of boys?"   
This time they glance over to me as I stand there waiting for what
      seems like an eternity.   
Dad keeps interrupting "sure..sure&hellip;I know&hellip;.It's OK&hellip;just
      as long as I&hellip;"    
Daniel smiles and shakes Dads hand. "OK I'll go see him."   
Dad grabs Dan's hands abd says as they are shaking "Thank's Dan,
      for a minute there you had me scared."   
Together they both come back and we then gather up our bags and
      march us into the house.    
"Well your boy made all the difference. You've got a good one there."    
Inside we put our bags down and look around. Yep just as I remembered
      it.    
Just then two half dressed men carrying beers come into the room.    
"Where's Rashid?" Dan asks them.   
"He's still in the ballroom with the boys." One of them replies.   
 "Well Ron this here is Bill and Bob. You'll meet the others in
      a bit."    
 "And this is his boy." Dan says smiling at me. I don't look up
      from the floor but I can feel all their eyes upon me. Dan's hand comes
      under my chin and lifts my face up. "Such a cute face it is too."    
The he turns to Dad "The others will be out as soon as they finish.
      Here have a something to drink while we wait."    
One of the men disappears down the hall.    
 "Can I, ah, can I. I'd like to see,join?" dad asks rather anxiously.   
"Sure its just down the hallway and to your left." Daniel directs
      him.   
 We'll ah, Take good care of your boy for you." The older man assures
      him.   
"Be nice to these men now you hear?" He says to me but without
      waiting for an answer he is off down the hallway.   
"Want a pop?" The older of the two men asks me.   
"No!" I respond quickly and emphatically.   
"Don't have to bite my head off. Just asked if you wanted soda?"   
Then understanding what they really meant I reply "Oh! Oh yes I
      would thank you."   
Then reaching out and grabbing my hand I'm led away.   
The murmured sounds of sex make my ears perk up as we walk down
      the hallway.   
I know I should be repulsed by them but instead I feel drawn to
      them.    
Suddenly a door opens and Mikey comes running out stark naked,
      crying and quickly disappears into another room. Seeing him like that stuns
      me, fear stops me dead in my tracks.    
The old man starts to pull me forward.   
"Hey, it's Ok. We're all friends here you know. You want to see?" He
      asks with a warm smile.   
Too afraid to answer I just follow his lead.   
We approach the door Mikey just came out of and he opens it. It
      is dark inside except for a light in the center of the room that bounces
      light off in different directions like those I've seen on a dance floor.   
It's not what I can see but what I hear that both worries and excites
      me.   
The sounds of slapping followed immediately by a boys hurtful response.    
After my eyes focus I see bodies both small and large entangled
      together on a big mattress.    
"Want to go in boy? The man asks tugging at my hand.   
"Nooo ttthank you sir. Where's my dad?" I reply.   
"What the fuck is this? You want to see your dad, OK then let's
      go see your dad." The man angrily pulls at my hand and slams the door closed.    
Across the hallway he opens another door.    
"Here, here's your dad." He says impatiently.   
This time the light is very bright. Daniel whose back is to me
      is pointing a camera at three people rolling around on the floor. He is
      giving direction "Yea that's right, now pump it good, yea that's good keep
      that going."   
My eyes are then drawn to the floor where two sweaty bodies are
      focused above a third. Kneeling above Dad are two boys pumping themselves
      violently over his face! His one hand pushes up inside one of the boy's
      asshole while he uses the other to jerk himself off! His focus flies from
      one boy to the other as he tries to feel their desires.    
Daniel turns the camera on me. The light is as hot as it is blinding.   
I stand looking into the camera like a deer into an oncoming headlight.   
Transfixed by the sight before me I remain staring. Inside I'm
      both repelled by and attracted to what is happening before me.   
 "That's it, come on in, take your clothes off." Daniel tells me.   
Dad looks over to me standing above him.   
Quickly he spits out "Come on now. Just do as they say. Have a
      pop."   
"Oh, so that's why you said no to the soda before." I hear the
      old man above me say.   
"Here have a pop! Hahaha!' he says handing me a bottle.   
It's then that I feel the old man pawing at my crotch. I want to
      run away from all this dirt and filth but something inside me prevents
      me from moving. I can't even push his hand away. I feel his hand pushing
      inside my pants.    
I can't take my eyes off the bottle. Then ashamedly I feel myself
      move to allow him easier access.    
His cool soft hand goes under my shorts. His touch makes my cock
      jump up.   
"Yea you like it!" I hear him say.   
I feel myself becoming more attracted to the filth and dirt now.   
Almost hypnotically I open the cap and shove the bottle under my
      nose and take a deep breath!   
I feel it traverse my insides only to collect deep within me. The
      sparks fly, my legs become weak and my head buzzes. Within seconds I become
      what I despise most, what I desperately need!    
My cock becomes like a raging captive held against its will in
      my pants crying to be let free.    
I look up at the now blurry old man "Pleeeease&hellip; fuuuuuck&hellip; meeee!" I
      try to ask but it comes out like a slur.   
"Take your clothes off." I hear some one say.   
Without further thought, holdingh onto the man for support I throw
      off my clothes.    
"Over here on the floor." I hear the man say as he pulls me stumbling
      behind him.   
He is also naked now. His frail thin body leans slowly unto the
      floor.   
He pulls me onto him and turns me around. His bones poke at me
      hard! He sucks really hard on my cock and lets it slip down his throat
      held there by his soft lips. Oh my god this feels so good. I start fucking
      his face.    
I hear someone start to grunt next to me. Forcing myself to focus
      I see the boy squirting his load into Dad's open mouth.    
"Oh Yes. UGGH! UMMM! UGH! SOOO FUCKING GOOD! UMMMM! YESSS!" I want
      to hear him now.   
"Noooo&hellip;.Meeee!" I hear myself say wanting so bad to taste
      cum.   
I look up to see Dan with his camera panning over to me.    
I feel a hand pushing my head down onto the old man's flaccid cock.
      I open my lips and allow it to invade me. I feel somehow cheated by this
      man's flaccid manhood. I try to get him hard but all that I wind up with
      is a sore mouth.    
Dad is coming now "UGGGH! FUUUCK MEEE! BOY HERE! SHIT! FUUUGGGH!" I
      hear him call as he shoots a load into the air.    
I try to get off of the old man but he holds me tight. So I twist
      myself just enough to get my head on Dad's stomach and lick at his spewing
      cum! What I don't lick up sticks to my face as I try to get it all. I then
      suck on his bright red headed stiff cock to clean him off. I feel his hand
      rubbing the back of my head. "That's a good boy. Finish him now." I hear
      him say as he pushes me back to the old man, his small cock still flaccid
      and waiting for me. No sooner than I get him in my mouth than I hear him
      gargling.   
"urggl!urrgg! ummphhh!" His hips bang at my face then fall back.   
He rubs my head. "Thank you boy. Now let me up please." SHIT! He
      came and I didn't even know it.    
I roll over unto my back on the floor, close my eyes and play with
      myself.   
 "Here suck on this!" I hear someone say.    
I look around but everyone seems to have left the room except Daniel
      with his camera still on me.   
 I see his cock standing out before him. I crawl over as fast as
      I could and impale my mouth on his hard tool.   
"Jerk yourself off while I cum."   
"Can I cum, sir!" I release my grip on his cock only long enough
      to plead for him to let me release myself.   
"Yea but only after, oh fuck! OH FUUCK! FUUUCK! URGGGHHHH!" he
      exclaims above me.   
Oh yes! I feel his hot load pump into my mouth and overloading
      it. I have to swallow quickly to keep up with the salty flow. The thickness,
      the taste, oh I love it so!   
Another minute or so passes as I close my eyes and jerk off.    
"OHHH! noooo!, noooooo!, nooooo!" the words barely escaping my
      mouth as I cum!   
I look down in time to see Daniel laying underneath me catching
      my cum with his mouth. Using his hands to catch what he misses.    
"See didn't I tell you&hellip;.what a slut." I look up to see Dad
      looking down through the camera lens. He must have taken over the camera
      from Daniel when I was sucking him.    
"Not bad mahn for a new boy." I hear a deep booming voice coming
      from the direction of the doorway.    
I look over only to find nothing but blackness in the doorway.    
Oh my God! Standing behind the bright camera is the biggest black
      man I have ever seen. He is so big he fills the doorway almost completely.
      His nakedness and my desire immediately draws my attention to his crotch.
      He lets his cock hang down between his legs. He is huge! I cannot take
      my eyes off of his cock!    
His huge hand starts pawing at himself. "Like what you see boy?
      Close your mouth and clean your face off."   
It is only then that I look up to see his round face hidden behind
      his braided hair. His big red lips are the only part of his face that I
      can see. I have never seen a person as big as this before he must weigh
      well over 300 pounds.    
"Get yourself straight, then get cleaned up." Dad says to me "the
      bathrooms down the hall."   
I wonder down to the bathroom to do as he says.   
Later I find myself in the living room with everyone. I sit down
      with Mikey and 3 other boys on the long couch, each of us being in some
      state of dishevelment. We exchange glances, nothing more. Two of the boys
      seem to be occupied with each other while a third silently keeps to himself,
      just nodding as if he were sleepy.    
All 5 men are in robes and are gathered at the other end of the
      room. They seem to be talking to dad.    
 I see a small girl naked hanging onto the leg of one of the men.
      She has long flowing blonde hair. Another man's hand continuously fondles
      her ass as they talk. She keeps looking back this way. She seems very shy.    
I can make out only a few words of the conversation.   
"You can do anything as long as I can stay. But&hellip;" Dad says.   
The black man interrupts dad "No buts."   
I was only going to say about his mother&hellip;"   
"That's your worry mahn. Not mine."   
"shhhh! Keep it down someone might hear." Daniel says.    
"I don't give a fuck if'n he do mahn. My game, my rules. Live or
      die." The black man glares back at Dad.   
"Yes, yes of course&hellip; anything&hellip;you know that. So long
      as I can stay." Dad says.   
They keep on talking but I cannot make out anything further.    
"Ok later on&hellip;" I catch only part of what Dad is saying.   
"Now to little girl Shawna here." The black man says.   
The man pushes the little girl towards the black man saying "Go
      ahead, go to Rashid, be nice."   
"Bring the little one over here by me on the couch" Rashid tells
      him as he sits down.   
All of us are trying to see what is going on but the men have crowded
      around to watch them so our view is through their legs.   
"nno, no please I don't want to. I don't like him." I hear Shawna
      plead not to go to Rashid.    
Shawna remains very hesitant about going to Rashid so the man pushes
      her more forcibly now "Get over there now before I have to spank you."    
Shawna starts to cry.   
"What is the matter liuttle one?" Rashid asks.   
"Remember she's only 10. She's fine she just needs a little bit
      of coxing that's all" the man answers.   
Rashid reaches out and pulls her to him "Here sit over here my
      little one", and sits her next to him "Your cute do yu know dhat? And what
      a nice little pussy you have Shawna" Rashid says.   
"Tell the nice man, thank you, Shawna" the other man says.    
"Thank you sir" Shawna say, barely perceptible.   
"Here hold dhis."Rashid is telling her as he takes her hand and
      puts it on his cock "Do you know what to do with it." Shawna grabs his
      cock and startsz to jerk Rashid off. "Yea, good that's it, keep that up" Rashid
      says stroking her head. .   
"Yea, that's it up and down, slowly, ummm yea. Does she suck?" Rashid
      asks the man.    
"Oh yea she does. Shawna put the cock in your mouth like Daddy
      taught you.    
Shawna in her degradation is so scared that she cannot move.   
 " Maybe I should just take her, hahaha!" Rashid bellow's.   
"Shawna!" the man yells at her and pushes her head onto Rashid's
      thick black cock.   
Shawna bends over Rashid's cock and tries to get her mouth over
      his cock but he is too big for her small mouth.   
Instead she proceeds to lick it up and down.    
"That's enough" Rashid says impatiently while pulling her head
      off of his lap. "now sit on me. Let's see how I fit."   
He turns her so that she is facing the other men while he is fucking
      her.    
"Fuck Her!" "Fuck her good!" I hear the other men urge them on
      as they stroke themselves.   
Shawna climbs onto his lap and eases herself down on him "EEEEk!
      It hurts. It's too big." Shawna yells but Rashid has her by her waist and
      she can't get away. He continues to ease her down upon his fuck stick "eeeeek,
      eeeek!" She squeals her pain each time he pushes his cock against her opening.    
"No please don't, it hurts, it's too big, pleased no!' Shawna begs
      Rashid but her pleas fall on deaf ears.    
I can here Shawna crying very hard now.   
"Nice and tight, ummmm!" Rashid says.    
Finally her loudest but last cry is shouted 'EEEEEK!' so shrill
      as to pierce our ears.   
"UMMMMM! YEAAAA! That's it! Fuck me baby." Rashid is finally is
      in her.    
The men's feeding frenzy starts. They paw at her feeling, touching
      her all over.    
One man holds her head up so that she is forced to see the men
      watching her getting fucked.    
"That's it fuck her good, Rashid" another man yells out.   
Shawna continues to cry as Rashid lifts her up and down letting
      her cunt eat his fuck stick. Her hair bounces in front of her face only
      to be moved away by one of the men. They want to be able to see her face
      while she is getting fucked. Their only joy comes from her tormented face
      wet with tears.   
Slap, slap slap I hear Shawna's ass hitting his lap as she is pummeled
      by Rashid.    
Shawna is being lifted violently upon Rashid. But her face starts
      to reflect a passion that builds up in her.    
"OHHHH! PLEASE! FUUUCK!" Shawna yells out in her squeaky voice.
      Her desire allows her to say what she feels now. Her face is twisted but
      now it is from her own desire. Shawna now controls her body!   
 "OHHHH! OHHHH FUUUUCK!" Rashid yells while Shawna's speeds up
      her bouncing!    
Then her bouncing slows.   
"OHHH FUUUCK BITCH! Another man says and splashes her face with
      his cum. Shawna doesn't try to move away but allows the cum to splatter
      her face.   
"OHHH!" another man yells and again her face is splattered with
      his white gism.    
Another pokes himself into her mouth "FUUUCK MEEEE!" and he cums
      in her mouth. Taking his cock out he rubs his still wet with cum cock along
      her face and across her lips. With a tongue like a little puppy Shawna
      laps his cock clean.    
"Good girl. She's good right? I told you she was good. Go get yourself
      cleaned up." A man says rubbing Shawna's head.   
Bare footed she pads along the floor past me with her knees knocking
      together.    
Too embarrassed to look up and she uses her hands and arms to try
      to cover herself but it doesn't help. Stringy strands of Rashid's cum hangs
      down her chin and runs down her legs.    
"Come opn with me I want you to see something" Mikey says to me.
      Mikey and me follow Shawna to the bathroom. Carefully Mikey opens the door.
      Shawna is seated with her legs astride the toilet with eyes closed, frigging
      herself. Long strands of what must be Rashid's cum can be seen hanging
      down from her cunt.    
"She does this all the time. She plays with herself all the time" Mikey
      says in a self assured way.   
Startled by us, Shawna immediately stops what she is doing and
      looks at us.    
"Get out! Can't you see I'm going to the bathroom" She yells at
      us. Her makeup is all smeared from her tears. Her black mascara runs down
      the sides of her face giving her a ghastly look.    
Mikey stares at Shawna while talking to me "She acts like she's
      better than us. That she doesn't do this kind of thing. But I know different.
      She plays with herself all the time. She loves to fuck. She just acts prim
      and proper for the men because they like it that way. Well she's a cum
      slut just like the rest of us."   
"Oh no I'm not" Shawna yells back.   
'Oh yes you are!" Mikey retorts.   
"No!" Shawna yells once again.   
Mikey walks up to her and forces his cock into her face pushing
      against her little lips.    
Shawna tries to push him away but he is too strong for her. He
      grabs her arms and holds them down at here sides.    
I feel myself getting hard watching this action.   
"Come on pussy" Mikey coxes her as he moves his cock around her
      face "you know you want it. Go ahead open."   
All of a sudden Shawna mouth opens to allow his cock to slip into
      her. Her head bobs forward and back sucking at Mikey's hard fuck stick
      while her freed hand plays with herself so hard that it looks like she
      is trying to dig into her own cunt.   
Within seconds Mikey pulls out and splatters her eager face with
      his cum. Shawna does not stop pawing at herself but looks over to me and
      nods for me to come over.    
"Suck" She says to me eyeing my hard cock.   
I offer it to her and she greedily gobbles it up. Mikey watches
      as she bobs her head up and down on my own fuck stick. Within seconds I
      grab her head and push myself hard into her chocking her with my cum spewing
      cock.    
After I'm spent she hangs on to me with her mouth trying to suck
      even more out.   
"OWWWW!" I yell pulling myself out from the grip of her mouth."That
      hurt!"   
"Cum! More! More!" Shawna tries to get me back in her but I push
      here head back away.   
I hear someone behind me "get out of my way the old man must have
      been watching us and now he wants Shawna too! He shoves his soft cock into
      her willing mouth. "Ohhhh! OHHHH! YESSSSS!"He cums in her mouth. He pats
      her on her head to signify he is done with her "such a lovely little whore
      you are going to make my dear. The rubbing her chest "Small, too small,
      I can't wait until you get something I can hold onto."    
Closing her eyes Shawna doesn't miss a beat as she continues sit
      on the toilet digging at herself."Ohhhh! Ohhhh!" off she goes into here
      own little world.   
Out of curiosity I watch for a while but after a bit I leave with
      her still on the toilet eyes closed playing with herself.    
As we come out I hear Rashid talking to one of the men.    
"I want her again, only this time I must take her asshole" Rashid
      says to the man. 
"But Rashid your too big for her! You'll split her in two! I haven't even been
able to and your way bigger than I am."   
"We'll see Mahn, have her ready for me tonight."    
&nbsp;    
"Oh so that's where you were huh!" Dad interrupts my listening
      to Rashid. "Come on now let's go get some rest for tomorrow" Dad and I
      walk back to our bunkhouse.    
A quiet uneasiness seems to be building up between us.   
Together back in the bunk house we strip our clothes off and get
      into bed.    
Then handing me a butt plug he says "Here use this while you sleep
      tonight."   
I bend over and he inserts it into me. He pushes it in until it
      slips past my sphincter muscle and settles it. It makes me feel full. If
      I hadn't cum so much today this plug would be so worked up right now that
      I wouldn't be able to sleep. But Dad knows how tired I am. But if I roll
      just right&hellip;Ohhh! that feels good.   
Still I've got to get my sleep&hellip;I try to take my off this
      sweet thing stuck inside me "Tomorrow can I play with Mikey at the lake?" I
      ask.   
"We'll see" he responds.   
I tuck my teddy bear tightly under my arm.    
The long day quickly catches up to me and as I fall asleep.   
&nbsp;    
"HUH? "Hands grabbing me!   
"Get on top of him!" They grip me so hard that I can feel their
      nails digging into my flesh!   
 "EEEEEE!" A knee in my back! "HELP!"   
I feel the bed underneath me become first warm then cool and damp.   
"He's pissing on himself!" I am pushed down into my own pee.   
"Get his arms around back." My arms are pulled behind me!    
"Tie him off." Plastic straps dig into my wrists! I continue to
      struggle but to no avail.   
"Hold his head still!" Hands, to many to count, continue to dominate
      me! I feel my strength ebbing.   
 My mouth is taped shut. "UMMMMM!" I can only be heard by myself!   
I feel my cock being taped to my stomach. "There the next time
      he wets he'll piss in his own face."   
 Suddenly something is stuffed into my ears and everything goes
      quiet after that an itchy material is put around my head and secured at
      my neck. Now my ankles are bound together and connected to my wrists.   
Like a piece of meat I'm carried outside. I feel the cool air on
      my body. It must still be night!   
I'm dumped into the trunk of a car. I lay there scared of what
      just happened and fearful of what is going to happen to me. My mind races
      trying to make sense of all this.   
I feel the car start up drive off down the bumpy road then after
      a while unto the smooth highway.    
After what seems like hours the car stops. I'm hauled out and carried
      once again. I feel the heat of sunlight hit my body. "OWWWW!" I hear myself
say as I'm dropped onto the cold ground.  
The abrupt cold ground and this whole ordeal cause me to lose control.
      I feel my warm piss as it flows onto my chest, splattering all over me
      immediately cooling me down. The flat salty stench reaches my nose. Helplessly
      I lay there drenched in my own piss.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mr clean


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





