BDSM Library - Resort Spectaculars




Resort Spectaculars
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In a Dolcett inspired world, the manager of a human meat girl farm restaurant club complex is sent to evaluate a source of meat animals. He is treated to a month of spectacular presentations in which the meat girls participate, on their way to the roasting ovens and BBQ pits. (This is a chapter of a book entitled Dolcettes)Resort Spectaculars   
 By DolSade   
&copy;2004 by DolSade  
 
   Faraway, Exotic Places   
  
  Joe was on his way to the Indies; a promising source of meat girls (dolcettes)
    had recently opened up. The meat girls were all prime, beautiful and young.
    Their meat was tender and juicy, well marbled with fat. The body shape was
    more lush and fuller than traditionally raised local meat girls but aside
    from a thicker waist there was no other apparent difference. The breasts
    were about the same size as domestic stock but given the fuller body, the
    overall effect was of a more normal figure. The breasts were also, almost
    always, perfectly symmetrical and round, with just enough sag to emphasize
    their fullness. The asses were nice and round, comparable to domestic stock,
    but again the overall effect on the total body was one of a body in balance
    and harmony and when cooked, the meat was tender, moist, flavorful and well
    marbled 
  Surprisingly, the meal girls were ethnically diverse. And there was no trouble
  obtaining light skinned girls of European extraction but the faces of the meat
  girls, overall, showed a mixing of racial characteristics always harmonious
  and balanced to create stunning beauties. 
  The girls were almost always less docile and less easy to control but that
  was generally put up with by the "fattening" farm and treasured by the Pleasure
  Centre. 
 Joe was to examine the facilities of the dolcette farms and make sure that
  they were up to the standards of the Mansion. He was to verify that they could
  meet all the rules and regulations of sanitation, the Mansion management required.
  He had a list of items to check. But, most importantly, Joe was to check on
  the farming practices to make sure the livestock had been raised to the kitchen's
  stringent standards &ndash; no additives, no hormones, no chemicals or other
  foreign substances, and so on. In brief, all livestock had to meet and conform
  to the requirement stipulated by the Mansion. 
 If he was satisfied, he could recommend that a contract be negotiated to
  set up a business agreement. Based on past use of this new stock, "fattening" time,
  could be drastically reduced for the new stock, almost halved. Only the domestic
  stock would need the entire "fattening" cycle. That would allow cuts in the
  space, the feed, the services, and the staff require to maintain the farm "fattening" operation
  or it would allow the Restaurant and the Pleasure Centre to expand. On the
  other hand, transport would have to be upgraded and the manifest concerns of
  the government addressed. The government had only allowed the increased importation
  of meat girls as a result of intense lobbying and a number of well-placed bribes.
  The fact that, a number of high-powered politicians and captains of industry
  held club membership was helping a great deal but the outcome of continued
  increased import allowances was in doubt. That genetically engineered human
  meat animals were akin to apes and properly food for the fodder, in an increasingly
  hungry world, was now a widely accepted tenet of every day life. Also, the
  government was making so much money selling "criminals" to the farms for conversion
  to meat girl (dolcette) status that laws were being amended constantly to include
  more and more petty indiscretions that were subject to the penalty of conversion.
  The public would believe the government ad campaigns and propaganda which were
  designed to convince the average citizen that the conversion process effectively
  reduced the humanity of convicted criminals to that of a meat animal, and their
  religious demagogues managed to persuade their moral majority that conversion
  was ultimately the wrath of God being visited upon unholy sinners and that
  true believers had nothing to fear from such laws. Anyone who pointed out that
  human meat animals were to a large degree female, quickly joined the ranks
  of the converted or was conveniently disappeared. And, moreover, the government
  claim that population control could be enhanced by a wide spread emphasis on
  culling young females, who were just entering fertility, could be easily maintain
  with cooked studies and bought off scientists. 
 However many government policy makers felt that allowing too many foreign
  meat animals into the country, especially of obviously ethic orientations might,
  give cause for their ethnic minorities to claim the campaign was, in point
  of fact, aimed at ethnic cleansing and oppression of the poor, in the name
  of justice and population control. That the critics were right, made it necessary
  to keep as tight a lid on as many things as possible. 
  Sadly, to many of the government elite, the legal consumption of human meat,
  especially harvested from beautiful young females, had become their ultimate
  perk, a constant ongoing reminder of their sense of power and their feeling
  that their insatiable greed was paying astronomical dividends to their lust
  and egomania. 
 &nbsp; 
  None of these considerations really affected Joe as he landed, preparing to
    make his evaluation and issue his recommendation. On the advice and at the
    invitation the company, Joe arrived Thursday and checked into an exclusive
    resort hotel. 
  Joe was, only, mindful that the resort was opulent and modern when he checked
  in and slept off the jetlag and change of time. 
 Friday, he spent the day preparing for the work that was to start Monday,
  only leaving his room for meals in the resort dining room or caf&eacute;. 
 That evening, as he was preparing to retire, there was knock at the door.
  The concierge of the hotel entered and offered his best wishes. Then a young
  woman was led in, on lease, by a bellhop. The girl was about twenty years old
  with long straight jet-black hair. Her face was a vision of innocence and grace
  and her skin was a pale white. She was clad in very skimpy white lingerie that
  looked like it had come from Victoria's Secret and matching white high heels.
  Joe studied her body, intrigued by her lush figure especially the full round
  breasts that strained at her white bra. The concierge told him. "This a gift
  from New World Traders. They ask that you allow their representative to entertain
  you tonight and that you join them tomorrow, at The Hunt, here, tomorrow",
  and then handed Joe a ticket. After Joe finished examining the ticket, the
  leash was passed to him and the hotel staff departed. 
  Joe closed his open mouth, returning his attention to beautiful girl. The girl
  immediately started a slow sensual erotic striptease. She wasn't wearing much,
  but made the most of every piece of clothing, rubbing each item over her entire
  body, lingering on her magnificent mammaries and masturbating her cunt.  
  Nude except for the neck collar, she pulled Joe to the bed. Not a word had
  been said. 
  Her actions and carnal skills were a testament to intense practice and she
  fucked with animal lust. 
 She deep throated Joe with as sloppy a blowjob as he had ever had. She licked
  the tip of his penis until it throbbed, then licked the erect shaft from tip
  to base, for what seemed an eternity, similar attention was paid to the scrotum
  and balls. When she finally put her mouth around the cock she was soon slurping
  it into a dripping mess, seemingly trying to shallow it. Even when she gagged
  a little, she released the penis for only a moment, gasped and sucked the cock
  even deep. Joe though he would pass out. 
  All this time, she moved Joe's hands over her breasts, constantly. 
 She quietly moaned, "Lube my cunt", and moved her cunt over his mouth, 
  Joe was only allowed a few licks when she mounted him and fucked him with wild
    abandon. She allowed and encouraged Joe to fuck her in every position possible,
    sometimes blowing him again to relube his cock. She even presented her upraised
    anus to him and gaped the ass hole, inviting him to analingus, and when Joe
    responded with vigor, she banged her butt onto the shaft to cause maximum
    penetration. Joe was lost in sea of moans, groans, yelp, cries and quiet
    screams. 
  When Joe finally climaxed with an explosive orgasm, he was truly spent. 
 The angelic beauty used her incomparable skill to enable Joe to repeat the
  sexual fuck fest two more times that night before the couple collapsed into
  a deep slumber. 
 Joe awoke to a bright blue sky with no sigh of the girl, in sight. He debated
  going to The Hunt, but remembered the surprising $1,000 price printed on the
  ticket and felt twang of guilt. Besides, he quickly reasoned, he had an obligation
  to meet the clients, who had already supplied a significant number of quality
  dolcettes and wished to furnish even more. And he had to meet their rep again. 
  
   The Hunt   
  
  Joe just managed to make it to the coliseum, just in time. The coliseum was
    aptly named; it was based on a Roman coliseum, only on a small scale. This
    coliseum seated only about a five or six hundred people. He had noticed portable
    bleacher stands designed in Roman motif, lining the road leading to the large
    road entryway onto the coliseum grounds and quickly calculated that the bleacher
    stands would accommodate an additional three or four hundred people. He,
    also, saw throngs of people sitting on the parkland around the structure.  
 He sat by two distinguished men, who immediately jumped up and greeted him.
  Joe recognized one man, the representative of New World Traders. Pleasantries
  were exchanged before Roman coronets blared. One man pointed to the road, as
  eyes focused on it. A small platform, with a number of figures on it, could
  be seen rolling up the road followed by a gang of people. As the platform drew
  nearer, Joe noticed that the platform seemed to be being pushed by ten young
  women in Roman gladiator attire. The platform had women in brief gowns with
  a breast bared and men dressed in furs and hides with Viking style horned helmets.
  The platform was followed by a group of young teenaged girls in short white
  togas, strewing flower petals, followed by a larger group people dressed in
  assorted Roman garb. The platform stopped outside the gates and a number of
  people entered the coliseum grounds and took up positions. After all had seemed
  to move into position, the coronets blared again and a group of women appeared.
  There were the ten girls in white gowns surrounded by the teens and followed
  by a pair of the gladiator women. The ten men, in Viking attire, came in next,
  followed by the rest of the gladiator women. The last group of gladiator women
  positioned themselves at the entrance way as if to block the exit, while the
  larger group moved to centre of the ground, to the loud cacophonous blare of
  the coronets and trumpets. 
  
  A crier bellowed, "All hail the heroes and their quarry", silencing the music
  and the crowd. People took their seats as the crier continued, "Welcome lords
  and ladies. Welcome gentlemen and gentle ladies. Welcome all, to The Hunt. 
  Today our heroes will go on a hunt that will bring glory to themselves and
  entertain you. 
  They with sate your lusts and hungers with spectacle and wonder. 
  Honor them all."  
 After the applause ceased, he continued, "Behold the daughters of our enemies.
  We offer then forgiveness and redemption, today. They will be allowed to entertain
  us and win their freedom. To prove their worthiness, they be allowed to RUN.
  But our heroes will pursue the unworthy and return them to this place for cleansing
  and purification. 
  And you will be able to sate your lust and hunger with their final offering,
  their cleansed and pure flesh. 
  Honour them." 
 Women in the robes of nuns, moved to the maidens, stripped off the maidens'
  robes and washed the ten young women and oiled their nude bodies. The maidens
  were then paraded around the ring by the female gladiators. 
  Joe was startled to see the girl, he had spent night with, paraded before his
  eyes.  
 A number of youths entered carrying stools and chairs, and started grabbing
  the maidens and fucking them in everyway possible. The girls reacted differently.
  Some were turned on; some took the advances as rape; with the variety bridging
  the gamut. Joe's eyes focused on his little black hair beauty and she was a
  wild sexual animal. 
  The crier sang out, "We honour the daughters with our finest seed, to energize
  them on their trial." 
 The youths departed and the nuns returned, to clean and oil the girls. The
  girls were once again paraded around the coliseum 
&nbsp;An altar structure rose up and the girls were spread-eagled over the platform
and a gold coin inserted into their vaginas. The crier explained, "We offer the
iniquitous, passage to salvation. They must retain this token in their core,
to pay for their passage. If it drops out or a hero removes it, the chance for
salvation is gone." 
 That done, the girls were lined up, in front of the altar. A golden arrow
  sang out and lodged itself in the throat of a beautiful blonde girl, as the
  other girls scattered. The crier boomed out, "This one has already proven herself
  unworthy by rejecting the love of our citizens." 
 The fallen girl was not dead, protected by the collar around her neck but
  she was in shock. A gladiator cradled the fallen girl in her arms and paraded
  her body around the coliseum finally placing her, spread-eagled, on the altar. 
 The crier next explained, "The daughters will now be allowed to vent their
  feeling of betrayal on this ingrate so that they might continue their quest
  for forgiveness and absolution without rancor and hate." 
  That was the cue for each girl, in turn, to abuse the little blonde. They were
  told, on the way to the altar, that the coliseum audience would determine their
  exit order based on their performances. The attacks were viscous, with the
  breasts and cunt enjoying special attention from each girl.  
 The first girl fisted the cunt;  
 Number two, one upped it by fisting the anus;  
 Girl three viscously attacked the breast, biting deeply into a nipple, drawing
  blood;  
 Girl four was just stopped from completely biting off a tit;  
 Five pounded the torso and cunt with her fist, then tried to bite off the
  clit; 
 Six pushed a clench fist into the ass as deeply as she could, drawing blood; 
 Seven, Joe's little sweetheart, kissed the girl's body all over, rammed
  her fist into the victim's ass and cunt cracks and managed to bite off the
  tongue and spitting it on to the torso, before being slapped away; 
 Number eight began hitting the body and then fainted and was dragged away; 
 The last girl pulled the carcass to the ground and stomped on the breast
  and cunt of the poor blonde. 
 The arrow may not have killed the girl but the abuse of the other girls
  certainly did. 
 The girl was moved back to spread-eagle position on the altar, When man
  dressed in a red robes moved to the altar and cleaned the body, again, oiling
  it so that it gleamed in the bright sunlight. He applied pink tint to the nipples
  and the prominent structures of the vagina.  
  Then he kissed the body passionately. 
  He was then heard over the p.a. to chant, "We bless this meat and offer it
  as a gift. The offending organ of this daughter will be removed so that none
  that partake of her girl will be tainted". Then with practiced skill, he cracked
  open the girl's bosom and cut out the heart,   
Raising it to the applause of the audience. Then the bloody heart
  was thrown to the ground." 
  The body was left on display for the duration of the hunt. 
  
  The girls were reassembled and once again, cleaned and oiled, this time by
    the nude young teens, with a sensuality and sexuality that belied their age. 
 A blare sounded and the crier yelled above the din, "The daughters will
  now depart according to your wishes. But, first we pay tribute to you, by having
  the three daughters most blessed by your offerings of love and seed last night
  and during the past week, thank you."  
  The crier moved to Joe's sexy little minx and held his hand toward her head,
  saying, "Most blessed" as the black hair beauty curtsied.  
  A vivacious blonde bowed as she was proclaimed, "Second most blessed."  
  And finally a short cutie with a thick mass of light brown hair streaked with
  blonde highlights was acknowledged as, "Third most blessed", to the applause
  of the audience. 
 A tall gladiator moved down the line of girls holding her hand over each
  girl's head. The audience voted their preference, with noise. The gladiator,
  taking cue from a man in the VIP area of coliseum, moved behind Joe's little
  lover and pushed her, yelling "GO". 
  The ritual was repeated at five-minute intervals till all the girls had fled. 
 The crier, boomed out, "We call forth our heroes", and named them, finishing
  with Saul the true hearted, the champion of the last hunt. The men, as their
  names were called, each stepped foreword and stripped nude. Most had visible
  erections and some were rubbing their cocks. When all were nude and standing
  in a line, Joe noticed that, in fact, two of them were women. 
&nbsp; 
"Our heroes are now commanded by you, to embark on their noble mission, to see
if any are worthy of receiving our blessings of forgiveness and our invitation
to enjoy the freedoms of being a human." 
 As the warriors scrambled off, to cheers of the audience, a number of display
  big screen TVs rose up into position and Joe read text explaining,  
"Rules of the hunt: 
  The warriors must pursue, capture and subdue as many daughters a possible,
  and bring then to a kill station in the arena. The daughter must still be alive
  or no points will be awarded and the warrior must have, in his procession,
  the daughter's token. Any daughter returned without a token will be awarded
  only half points. 
 Any warrior that has not made a capture within the first hour will be disqualified. 
 Any daughter able to make it to sanctuary, with her token in place, will
  be allow to petition all of you for your blessings of forgiveness, redemption
  and freedom. 
 The hunt will continue till all daughters have been captured or reached
  sanctuary or three hours have passed. 
 Points will awarded to each warrior for his or her captures. Violations
  of rules will result in penalty deductions. 
 The Gods have ordained that captured daughters are unworthy and must be
  sacrificed. 
 The warriors will symbolically perform ritual sacrifices of the fallen girls
  at killing stations. 
 However, the sacrificial rituals must leave the girls alive. Points will
  be awarded and deducted, for the most entertaining performances. 
 Our champion shall be the one with most points.  
 Our champion will be rewarded with honours and prizes. 
 The fallen girls will be allowed redeem some honour and forgiveness by offering
  their meat for your enjoyment and to sate yours lusts." 
  
  On the big screen TVs Joe could see scenes of the hunt, tracking the plights
    of both the hunters and the prey. 
 The scene suddenly went black and a message flashed across the screen. "The
  wagering on First Capture is now open", and Joe could see people raising cell
  phones and making calls. 
 All screens then focused on a man running toward a fallen girl, sobbing
  on the path, and zeroed on the face of the girl that had previously fainted.
  A gasp when up, from the audience that broke into a cacophony of bits of dialogue,
  as the man ignored the girl and jogged by her. The TVs, then, went back to
  varied scenes of the hunt. 
 A few minutes later the screens displayed notification that wagering was
  now open on who would be champion. And then, return to scenes of the hunt. 
 Moments later the hubbub grew again and people pointed to the road where
  a figure dressed in a black robe, hooded so that the face could not be seen
  and carrying a body candled in the arms approached. As the figure entered the
  arena the hubbub grew with chants of Red Sonya, first princess of the Amazons.
  Horns blared and a bell tolled. The black figure circled the arena carrying
  nude body of the fainter. Red Sonya hung the limp body by bound hands so that
  the girl dangled from the upper crossbeam of a wooden frame. Joe noticed that
  six new altars were now arranged in a grid around the original altar. With
  the girl securely hanging by her arms, the figure removed the robe to reveal
  a beautiful tall red headed women with a lean but well muscled body, nude except
  for high heel black leather, laced boots that ran up her legs to mid thigh.
  The Amazon beauty waved to audience, reveling in the applause and then inserted
  fingers into the vagina of the hanging girl and pulled out the token that had
  been placed there earlier. She took the token to man in red robes and handed
  to him, slightly bowing. He raised the token, while the crier announced, "First
  capture has been made by Red Sonya, first princess of the Amazons". The loud
  noise grew deafening as the Amazon once again cradled the girl in her arms
  and paraded her around the arena. 
  Joe was startled when he heard the Amazon yell at the, now squirming, girl, "Quit
  thrashing or I'll hurt you bad", only then, realizing how close to the action
  he was. 
 The first capture was hung on the beam and the nude Amazon jogged out of
  the arena, back to the hunt. 
 Joe again returned his attention to the screens watching the activity, when
  all cameras zoomed in on a man brutally raping a struggling girl. Pinning the
  girl to the ground by her hands, he was violently and deeply thrusting into
  her cunt. Close ups of the girl's blonde face showed pain agony and Joe felt
  he could almost hear her wild screams. The camera pulled out and faded, as
  Cedric choked the girl into unconsciousness. A message on the bottom of the
  screen said, "Cedric, of Gaul has been awarded bonus points for first pleasuring
  a runner". In this contest, rape was rewarded. 
 Suddenly the horns blared again and the bell clanged and a tall woman with
  shoulder length straight black hair entered with a girl cradled in her arms.
  Both women were nude, except for the woman's thigh boots, identical to Red
  Sonya's. 
  She circled the arena displaying the unconscious form, a petit young blonde
  to the chants of, "Ilsa, Warrior Queen." The girl was hung by her hands, at
  the end of the beam, displayed furthest from the first capture. And, the Warrior
  Queen reached into the cunt of the girl taking out the token and as she presented
  it to the red robed man. The crier called out, "Second capture is awarded to
  Ilsa, Warrior Queen." 
 The woman waved to the audience and she jogged out to rejoin the hunt. 
 The horns blared again and the bell tolled announcing the entrance of a
  nude Cedric, of Gaul cradling a limp body. As Cedric paraded the limp body
  to the arena crowd, to the chants of Cedric, Cedric, Joe could see blood staining
  the cunt of the girl. The girl was hung between the other two, now crying girls.
  The girl stirred as Cedric removed her token and presented it. Cedric jogged
  out of the arena to the cry of, "Points have been awarded to Cedric of Gaul
  for third capture." 
 Joe watched with muted interest as a man entered and earned his points. 
 He was indifferent, when warrior five entered with his victim, even though
  the crowd noise had intensified with chants of "Saul, the true hearted", until
  he saw the limp unconscious form of his black hair beauty, cradled in the champion's
  arms. He studied her and could see signs of blood on her inner thighs and red
  marks around her neck. He grew angry, as the champion manhandled the girl,
  as he hung her in the middle of the beam, even relocating Cedric's capture
  to the side. But he sighed in relief, when he saw his lover began to stir and
  could see her moan, as her token was removed and presented to robed man while
  the crier was yelling, "Saul the champion has been awarded fifth capture. Saul
  the champion has been awarded bonus points for capture of the most favoured.
  Saul the champion has been awarded bonus points for the pleasuring of the most
  favoured." The eyes of the audience moved to focus on the screens that were
  showing in close-up detail, including slow motion and stop frame, Saul's violent
  brutal rape of Joe's black-haired beauty. Joe couldn't watch, even when Paul
  whispered, "It's all staged. She didn't suffer." Joe knew better. The blood
  and bruises told another story. Saul had bypassed the little fainter to earn
  bonus points at the expense of Joe's girl. 
 &nbsp;One more hunter made it to the arena, before the horns blared anew
  and the crier shouted, "First time over. All hunters who have not yet made
  a capture are hereby eliminated." 
 The TVs zoomed in on a hunter carrying a limp body. Referees stopped him
  and ordered him to put down the girl. As the camera zoomed in on the face of
  the girl, Joe identified her as the "third most blessed". The referees revived
  the young cutie and she wobble away, as the hunter was escorted down the path. 
 Joe watch the rest of the action, indifferently, for the next little while,
  not noticing the Warrior Queen cashing in a runner, choosing instead to study
  the form of his beauty. She was stirring; at first looking around dazed then
  recomposing herself. She began to cry and then sobbed quietly. After the blare
  of the horns, announcing the arrival of the huntress bearing a runner, cradled
  in her arms, the little black haired beauty stiffened her body and stood as
  upright as she could with her toes stretched out to barely touch the ground.  
 She surveyed the audience and looked to be trying to draw someone attention
  her. Then she began to wiggle and gyrate her hips. For a time she rubbed her
  thighs together and bounced her hips in and out. A voice yelled, "Look that
  cunt's trying to get off" and a youth pointed at the black haired girl. Eyes
  focus on her and her face broke out into a radiant smile. The little show continued
  with the girl continuing to wiggle and gyrate; changing the expressions on
  her face, imploring, excited, sad, smiling, even once of twice causing a tear
  to roll down her cheeks. A quiet chant rose in volume, in a section of the
  coliseum, "Free the most blessed, free the most blessed". Joe couldn't believe
  his ears. 
 However the blare of horns and trumpets sounded again and the bell tolled.
  Saul entered again with a blonde body cradled in his arms. Saul had again shafted
  his love, Joe thought. 
 When he paraded the limp body by Joe, Joe could see it was the blonde. The
  people's "second most blessed". Joe watch with mild curiosity, hoping for an
  accident to befall Saul as he hung the blonde and claimed his rewards. The
  crier yelled out, "Saul, the champion has been awarded prize for his second
  capture. Saul, the champion has been awarded bonus points for the pleasuring
  of the second most blessed." 
  The screens flashed to a scene of Saul raping the vivacious blonde beauty,
  again in close up with slow motion and stop action. Joe watched in anger that
  gave way to disbelief as Saul reached into the blonde's cunt and removed the
  token and then fisted her. The poor girl writhed in pain, and screams emanated
  from the PA. The beauty could barely be contained by the ropes and wooden pegs
  that the champion had secured her limbs with. Then the hunter replaced the
  token, plugging the cunt opening with a rag. He then lifted the girl's ass,
  placing pieces of wood under it till it rose high enough for him to fist her
  ass hole. He fisted the poor victim till her screams went silent and her body
  slumped into unconsciousness. The cameras faded to a quiet crowd. 
  
  About fifteen minutes later, the random camera shots being shown on the screens
    uniformly flickered to an image of a white octagonal, latticed pavilion;
    then camera pulled back to show a naked girl running toward it. As the girl
    was about to enter, she was tackled by another woman. The two struggled and
    finally the larger woman arose. It was Red Sonya; she brushed off herself
    and then rearranged the limp body of the other girl spreading her legs as
    Joe heard voices saying, "She almost made it to sanctuary". 
  Then Red Sonya went down on the girl and proceeded to eat her cunt. The camera
  didn't catch much. But Red Sonya's actions were frenzied." 
  As the camera pulled away, the crier yelled, "The last daughter has been felled.
  The trophies of the hunt will be cleansed and purified for you while we awaiting
  the return of the hunter." 
 The nuns reappeared and cleansed the eight hanging women, paying special
  attention to their genitalia and breasts. Then the red robed man walked among
  them chanting, swinging a smoking urn at them in a religious fashion and finally
  kissing there lips, nipples and cunts. The girls, merely, remained still. The
  cleansing and purification of the trophies was complete. 
 The horn blared as Red Sonya appeared carrying the limp form that Joe could
  see was the little brunette, "third most blessed". After presenting her trophy
  to the crowd and delivering the token Red Sonya waited for her rewards beside
  the slumped body. None ever came. 
 The Bell was tolled loudly ten times, signaling the hunters, in the field,
  to return. 
 The hunters returned and took up a line between the altars. 
 The crier yelled out again, "Our heroes have returned, you may come down
  onto the arena grounds and honour them and give thanks". Some people came down
  and bowed to the hunters and examined the hanging girls. Some spectators even
  lightly stroked one or two of the girls including the black-haired beauty. 
 Joe noticed that there were now two more altars. 
 The crier cried out, "Our heroes will now honour you by performing the rituals
  of sacrifice upon their trophies, thus completing the cleansing and purification
  of their bodies and their flesh." 
 The six hunters each released a girl and carried her to an altar, some securing
  the girl to the altar. Ilsa and Saul did so twice and when Sonya attempted
  to get her second girl, she was stopped. Joe noticed that Saul did not bind
  the black-haired girl to her altar although he had done so with the blonde
  girl, and that Ilsa had restrained both her girls.  
 The crier went to the first altar and cried out, "You will be pleasured
  and choked with a rope", as he placed his hand on her forehead.  
 For the next girl the sentence was, "You shall give pleasure to your captor
  while she smothers you with her love." 
 The next. "You will bring pleasure to all, by inhaling overflowing, copious
  love fluids of your captor." 
 Joey looked with interest as the sentence was pronounced for the vivacious
  blonde, Saul's second victim. "You will have your sex torn from the inside
  your body and the air crushed from your breasts." The girl screamed pitifully   
 
  Next, "You be pleasured and whipped without mercifully". 
 Next, "You will be pleasured and your sex will be doubly purified with burning
  coals." 
 Ilsa's last victim was told, "Your captor's pet will be used to crush the
  air from you as she pleasures your sex with her mouth." 
 Joe perked up to hear what Saul had intended for his love. "You will enjoy
  your captor's manhood till you cry for pity and then it will still your cries." He
  was going to fuck her but then what, wondered Joe". 
  
  A roar came up from the crowd as the spectacle began anew. Various hunters
    began having sex with their captives and only Saul's blonde victim seemed
    overly horrified. 
  Joe watch as Saul brutally fist fucked his blonde victim, occasionally glancing
  around to see Sonya with her ass sitting astride her victims mouth, bucking
  wildly and screaming and a girl being whipped into unconsciousness and beyond.
  The crowd seemed to love it when a hunter forced his trophy to blow him till
  he cummed on her face and pissed down her throat and end by pouring a tub of
  piss, taken from a port-a-pottie, over her open mouth. 
  The smell of a hot coal being administered to a gaping pussy was also well
  received. 
 But Joe interest remained focused on Saul. He had just unbound the blonde
  girl and was subduing her with his hands over her breasts. He pulled the girl
  forcefully on to his chest and was collapsing her lungs. Finally he released
  her and she fell face forward onto the ground.  
 Then, Saul slowly moved to Joe's love and Joe watched as the two kissed
  passionately and hugged and then had sex. Joe couldn't believe his eyes. They
  were making love by mutual consent. The hunter wasn't raping his sweetie. Gradually
  he realized that the girl was using the same techniques, she had used on him,
  on the hunter. The love fest continued for what Joe seemed like hours, until
  the girl was screaming in pleasure. The fucking continued until the girl shrieked
  loudly showing that she had orgasmed. The hunter wrapped his hands around the
  neck and almost lovingly strangled her while continuing to thrust his pelvis.
  And after awhile, he released the black-haired girl, allowing her to fall to
  the floor of the arena. She was still a beauty, even with mouth gaping wide
  open and her tongue sticking out. As the hunter turned, Joe noticed Saul's
  cock limply handing down. 
  He began to boo. 
  
  The hunters assembled, once all had finished, and marched out of the arena
    in pairs. 
  The nuns, only more of them, and the little teens entered, carrying tubs and
  basins of water and bathing supplies and ran to the altars as gladiator women
  were repositioning the bodies atop the altars.  
  All the females began washing and cleaning the bodies, making a show of scrubbing
  the genital orifices with brushes and sponges. The bodies were oiled once again. 
  A man in a gray toga examined each body and uncovered a yellow patch on each
  altar after the examination was done.&nbsp;  
 The nuns and the teens withdrew leaving the gray clad man and the gladiators. 
  The horns blared anew and the hunters entered, again, carrying long steel spits. 
 The crier called out, "The rituals of cleansing and purification are now
  complete. No trophies has been lost, save for one lost in the field. The flesh
  has now been made suitable for harvesting, so that we may enjoy the final offering
  of our sacrifices. Be glad. Allow all your hungers to be sated."  
 The hunters moved to their victims and began trying to spit them. First,
  the girls were roused, and given a drink. Next, they were tied down in various
  positions. This was made easier by the fact that many were still groggy. Some
  of the hunters, including Saul and both women began by gutting their victims,
  causing screams to fill the air. Two hunters immediately started pushing poles
  into their victims, one in the ass hole and the other the vagina. It was apparent
  that they had never done it before. To Joe's amazement, they continued to push
  the poles into the screaming writhing girls until the points of the spits appeared
  out of the body, one in the upper chest and the other the shoulder. 
 Joe returned to Saul and saw him carefully moving the pole through the writhing
  blonde until it approached the head and alternately adjusting the head and
  pole, he thrust the tip of the pole out of the blonde girl's mouth. The two
  Amazons were using each other's aid, to perform to same feat, successfully,
  on their victims. With the same help and techniques, the two Amazons helped
  each other with their second victims. Red Sonya had been allowed the privilege
  of spitting the girl she had inadvertently and prematurely killed. 
 Saul went to his last victim and kissed her. She was positioned like the
  blonde girl on her knees, facedown with her head resting on the front edge
  of the altar. This was the ideal position for spitting and gutting so Saul
  immediately gutted the girl, who aside from flinching when the knife enter
  her, remained motionless and silent. With the same practiced movements, Saul
  slowly and successfully spitted the black-haired girl  
 After the spitting had been completed, the hunters assemble in front of
  the main altar again. The gray robed man inspected the bodies again, this time
  uncovering five green cards, indicating successful live spitting with a live
  girl, two orange cards for a live spitting, leaving a live but marred girls,
  and a red card for a dead spittee. 
 Joe noticed that the screens were flashing a message saying, "Wagering is
  now open on which spit roaster will survive the longest". 
 The crier yelled out, "Our Champion is declared&hellip;&hellip; 
  SAUL, the pure of heart. 
  He will now indicate what prize he wishes." Saul spoke to the man in gray and
  he moved to the black-haired girl and tied a purple cloth around her head.
  After the spit roasting, Saul would be awarded the scalp of the raven-haired
  beauty. 
 "Rejoice. They will now be taken to the roasting pits." The crowd cheered. 
 The screens flashed a message that reservations could still be made for
  various dining rooms and that tickets were available for next event. "Cooking
  Up A Fortune" as the people started to move to the roasting pit area, to watch
  the meat cooking and see if their betting pick survived the longest. Joe didn't
  bother going. He'd seen that before and hadn't placed a bet.  
  
  Of course, the businessmen insisted that Joe join them, for dinner. After a
    bit of cajoling, Joe finally agreed, thinking that he had only to go to the
    resort dining room for dinner. 
  He did manage to convince them that he was in need of some time to rest. The
  jet lag, his night of passion and the unfolding of the events of the afternoon
  had depleted his energy reserve. He crashed on his bed minutes after enter
  the room. 
 Joe was awaken by a call from the front desk, and feeling refreshed, he
  took a shower, groomed himself and rejoined his new business associates in
  the dining room. His associates carried on a polite conversation to Joe's relief,
  steering away from business affairs, telling him to enjoy himself and that
  business could wait till Monday. 
 His spirits rose as he enjoyed some drinks and had an excellent girl meat
  consume soup and Caesar salad with smoked girl meat bits. Both were first class.
  The restaurant asked that they serve their house specialty to him and he happily
  agreed. The entr&eacute;e arrived and as Joe expected, it was spit roasted
  girl meat, a cunt steak. There was a tag secured to the clitoris. Joe knew
  it would have pictures of the girl whose meat graced his plate. He wondered
  if it would be one of the hunt girls. He savored the moment and paused to mental
  work his way through the images of the girls, contemplating whose cunt he would
  most enjoy eating, finally settling on the vivacious little blonde or the cute
  Eurasian. He flipped the tag and his jaw dropped as he gazed upon the picture
  of the black-haired girl. 
  One of the New World reps, Paul said, "We supplied the little cunt for the
  Hunt that's why we were able to get her for your entertainment yesterday. She
  was in hot demand all week long; remember the "most favored". We called in
  a few favours, and got the cunt's cunt filet for you. Enjoy her like no one
  else has or can." he chuckled. Joe studied the piece of meat for a minute or
  two, unclipped the tag, putting it into his pocket and then he wolfed down
  a big piece of the meat. The salty taste assailed his mouth and he found the
  meat, a touch tough, but he savored the chewy piece of flesh with a big grin
  on his face. 
 The rest of the meal was uneventful. Joe declined dessert. After persuading
  his colleagues that he really didn't want to go bar hopping or have another
  girl entertain him, overnight, Joe retired to bed with disturbing dreams of
  the raven-haired girl. 
  
   Cooking Up A Fortune   
  
  On Sunday Joe received a panic phone call from the Marquis. The spell of flu,
    going around before he left, had struck the Mansion dolcettes with a vengeance
    and the staff were having problems. The kitchen was using meat girls not
    yet fatten to their normal standards and the Pleasure Centre using raw talent
    and cutting back. Alexa was fighting with Chef Tyler, over who would get
    the best meat girls. It was decided that Joe should return immediately and
    see if he could help restore the health of the herd. 
 Joe informed the New World Trader executives, agreeing to return to watch
  The Resort's  
"Cook Up A Fortune" show on the weekend. They had told him that the presentation
was a joint venture with the resort and that they were supplying the livestock
meat girls. Joe tried to cancel out, but the company rep wouldn't take no for
an answer, finally agreeing to fly him in for the weekend. The clincher was allowing
him to bring a companion. Things hadn't been going well with Linda. They had
grown apart and weren't seeing each other, much. Joe was sure she was seeing
someone else. Perhaps a weekend together would rekindle their flame, Joe hoped
so. 
  
  The couple landed Saturday morning and they were immediately taken to the resort
    and shown to a fairly large auditorium. There was a large seated audience
    surrounded on three sides by wide platforms. They were ushered to the front
    of the auditorium and seated in the middle of the front row. Linda could
    see that there was balcony overhead. The show had started and the emcee seemed
    to be wrapping up the introduction of the contestants and started explaining
    the rules, "Now that you have been introduced to our beautiful contestants,
    lets run over the rules. 
 Our contestants are vying for a scholarship worth $100,000 at a French cooking
  school. They will demonstrate their culinary abilities by performing certain
  jobs.  
  They will spin this wheel and do the job indicated by the pointer.  
  Next they will spin this wheel, to select the food animal.  
  The contest will continue until a winner is proclaimed. Only one winner. 
  All the women have signed waiver forms volunteering to be meat girls. So the
  penalties for failure match the potential rewards. 
  Under no circumstances can any of the women back out or decline a spin."&nbsp;  
 "Please wheel in the meat girl livestock" Two tall muscular women wheeled
  in a metal cage that contained ten young meat girls, all nude. The women wore
  black meat girl leather corsets with half cut push up bras that revealed big
  pink tits riding on enormous breasts. They wore short black meat girl leather
  skirts that revealed their saved vaginal slits and the fact that they wore
  no undergarments. They had on long black leather mid thigh boots that Joe recalled
  graced the two huntresses' legs and as he studied the women's faces he realized
  they were, indeed, Ilsa and Sonya. 
 From what he could see, the girls in the cage were young meat girls, dolcettes,
  of the same size and shape as he was used to getting at the farm. Perhaps four
  blondes, two brunettes, a raven haired one and a cute petit red head, a Eurasian
  brunette and a black girl. Some were squatting on the floor of the cage, others
  leaning against the bars and a few just standing, waiting. Ilsa went over and
  ran her nightstick over the bars rousing them all, to an erect standing position. 
 "Are we ready to begin cooking?" Alex, the emcee, asked, as loud applause
  rang through the hall. 
 "As is our custom", Alex continued, "We would like to offer a prayer of
  thanksgiving, and humbly beg our creator to watch over our enterprise and provide
  us with guidance this afternoon. This will be done in the form of a sacrifice." 
 "I have been informed that we have a foreign dignitary with us, today. A
  renown girl meat farming expert, who has, for years, raised prize winning meat
  girl stock and acted as a judge at some of the most prestigious fairs, around
  the world. I call upon him inspect our modest herd of meat girls. And I call
  upon him to select the animal that we will sacrifice." 
 Joe was beckoned to the stage and led to the cage where the Amazons brought
  the meat girls for him too inspect. Joe had grown accustomed to being called
  upon to perform in this manner and performed for the audience. Beginning with
  a cute young blonde girl, he rubbed her torso as the emcee started an explanation
  of Joe's actions. 
 "Our expert is rubbing the torso of the meat girl, to test for any unnatural
  bumps or hidden surprises. He is checking the muscle tone. 
  By weighing the breasts he can tell if they are firm and meaty or fleshy and
  fat. 
  Squeezing the breasts to elicited a moan or yelp will indicate how sensitive
  they are, also an indication of meat quality. 
  He is tweaking the nipples to draw milk. Milk breasts, generally, are more
  moist and tender. 
  Weighing round asses and pinching them, is a test of their elasticity and meatiness. 
  The fingering and rubbing clits and labia to see their engorged shape insures
  that the cunt filet, after it is cooked, will have the full attractive appearance
  we all value in our filets. 
  And of course the final taste test is all-important. 
  OK lets leave our expert to his work. 
 The audience lapped it up, focusing on Joe and ignoring the emcee while
  he prattled inanely about a number of unrelated topics, to pass the time. 
 Finally Joe came over to Alex and gave the word that broke the audience
  in thunderous applause, "These meat girls are all prime choice Grade A-one
  stock. Amongst the finest I have ever seen". The expert had pronounced their
  meat to be of the best quality and the members of the audience felt satisfaction
  in believing that the evening's dinner would be a culinary masterpiece, capable
  sating their most animalistic passions.  
 Joey thought, 'That ought to repay New World Traders for the price of the
  weekend.' 
 The emcee shook Joe's hand saying, "We realize that it's not really fair
  to ask you to pick a meat girl for our sacrifice so we can do it according
  to our usual procedure. Perhaps, you can have your lovely companion join us
  and spin the wheel?" 
 Linda came on stage and spun the wheel. It came up seven. The Amazons brought
  up the beautiful petite brunette with the number seven on her clit tag, while
  Joe and Linda exited the stage, to polite applause.   
"Our animal will be pleasured by the contestants, to ease her passing." One
  by one the women came over to perform cunnilingus upon the meat girl. The couplings
  were brief. 
 Alex explained the next step. "Our chosen one will be given spirits to light
  her to paradise and then we will purify the meat with flame and fire"; while
  the Amazons dragged the meat girl to an altar which had been moved to a position
  in the middle front of the stage and draped her body spread-eagled with her
  head angled slightly up. A man dressed in red robes, maybe the man from The
  Hunt, moved to the meat girl, pulled her head back, opening her mouth, and
  drowned her in alcohol. When he was sure that the little cutie was, at least,
  unconscious, he poured alcohol over her whole body, stepped away from the table,
  motioned the Amazons to withdraw, turned and bowed to the audience. Then he
  put the empty container of alcohol on a table, returned to the altar with a
  glowing torch and lit the alcohol. The meat girl's body was afire. The fire
  died down and the smoke and smell were sucked out by a huge kitchen fan. The
  two Amazon were motioned to wheel the altar, bearing the dolcette flamb&eacute;,
  out, and to the backstage kitchen for oven roasting. 
 Alex chanted, "Praise be to the creator" 
 A curtain closed and when it reopened the contestants were back. Alex droned, "Let
  the contest begin". 
"For round one we will split the contestants into teams and give them a task
to undertake. The preparation of a meat girl for live roasting." 
 The girls spun a wheel and the girls with the closest numbers were named
  as the teams. A tall blonde, named Crista, was teamed with a petit Eurasian,
  named Kim. Samantha, the other blonde, a studious looking beauty with big full
  breasts, teamed with the elegant slim brunette, named Monica. 
 Crista spun the wheel for the meat girl and the meat girl with the number
  two was brought forward and held by Sonya. Meat girl number nine was chosen
  by Samantha for her team. 
  Suddenly there was movement all over. A panel was drawn down the middle of
  the auditorium, to mid point and curtains raised on the side stages to reveal
  fully modern gleaming kitchens. 
  The women were cautioned about trying to watch the other team, a form of cheating
  which would result in automatic disqualification. 
  With a wish of good luck, the contest began. 
 Linda and Joe concentrated on the team of Crista and Kim since their kitchen
  was on the same side. Crista directed the Amazon to bring the girl meat to
  her and she rubbed her hands over the torso imitating Joe's technique and then
  did a cursory examination imitating Joe, over the rest of the body much to
  the consternation of Kim. This led to their first argument. 
 Kim directed the Amazon to join her at the cleaning tub and placed the meat
  girl inside and as Kim turned on the water and started cleaning the meat girl,
  Crista joined them and started removing her clothes. She had an average body
  with breasts slightly fuller than average, conically shaped with no sag. Her
  ass was firm and compact. Her skin was dappled with freckles. When she was
  nude, she did a slow spin for the audience and winked at them before joining
  Kim, in the cleaning of the meat girl. Joe could hear Crista&nbsp;tell Kim
  to take off her clothes, too. Kim hesitated and then shrugged her shoulders
  and disrobed. Her body was compact with beautifully shaped firm breasts, a
  slim waist and muscular hips. Her skin was a golden almond colour. 
 By the time Kim got back to Crista, Crista was washing the meat girl's pussy
  sensually, rubbing everywhere with the wash towel and obviously fingering the
  cunt and ass hole. She could be heard saying to Kim, "We have to pleasure her
  too".  
 Then Crista proceeded to kiss the meat girl all over her body, starting
  with the girl's mouth and moving down, stopping at the breasts, to massage,
  lick and kiss them, sensually and explicitly sexually. She sucked the nipples
  even though there was no milk. 
  Crista tongued her way down the torso to the cunt and treated it, as if were
  the cunt of a lover. 
 Kim stared dumbfounded and then with a peck on the lips of the meat girl,
  she joined in, tentatively sucking a nipple and licking a breast. She seemed
  gradually to get turned on and soon was trying to outdo Crista, but she had
  along way to go. Joe was getting turned on watching Crista and he noticed Linda
  rubbing her cunt. Joe glanced around; Linda wasn't the only one with her hands
  on her privates, those not rubbing some part of their body looked to be in
  the minority. 
 After about fifteen minutes, Joe could hear an exasperated Kim asking Crista, "Isn't
  that enough? We have lots to do". She pulled a puzzled Crista off the meat
  girl and Crista looked hurt. 
  The duo toweled off the meat girl and had Sonya transfer the moaning girl to
  a table. 
 The women argued for a while about how to gut the meat girl and as they
  argued, Sonya had to restrain the poor frightened girl. 
  The debate continued until finally Kim picked up a knife and while Sonya held
  the little girl down, cut the stomach from just above the pubis to just below
  the sternum. The meat girl was screaming and Sonya had to cuff her, yelling
  at her to keep quiet. A mess of guts fell out. Kim turned to Crista and pushed
  the knife to her. Crista looked mortified and turned away. Kim had to finish
  the gutting, as Sonya slammed the meat girl on the side of the head, knocking
  her senseless. 
 Crista was directed to rub the body cavity with a mixture of olive oil and
  spices, while Kim used some meat girl smoked sausage, bread cubes and vegetables
  to make a stuffing for the cavity. Crista did the job meekly, stopping as soon
  as she could. Kim brought the bowl over from the stove and started stuffing
  the senseless meat girl. Kim sewed the cavity up and ordered Crista to oil
  the body with olive oil and salt. Crista did so, at one point, checking on
  Kim and then rubbing the meat girl's nipples sensuously. Crista turned to someone
  in the audience and winked. She checked on Kim again, and then worked the meat
  girl's cunt, this time moving the brush to over her own cunt and making brushing
  motions while smiling at the audience. Kim caught her and another argument
  ensued. 
 Kim ignored Crista after that. Kim arranged the body of the meat girl on
  her back with her arms tied together behind her back and under the area of
  the meat girl's breasts, raising the profile of the round globes. The legs
  were raised to an open fetal position and while Crista held them in the air,
  Kim secured them into the position she had adjusted them to. The hair of the
  eat girl was combed into a fan for the face and then Kim covered the tresses
  with protective parchment. Kim surveyed the pan ready meat girl, made some
  minor adjustments and stood back proudly. Crista moved to stand beside her
  and put her hand around Kim's shoulder. Crista had been flirting with the audience,
  whenever the opportunity presented itself and she continued to do so. 
 Joe had been unimpressed by Crista when he first saw her, thinking she was
  pretty, but not a beauty. Her breasts while nicely shaped were average and
  her body was not toned to his standards. And her freckles were a turn off.
  BUT, she exuded sexuality. She was sexy in some mysterious way. Her flirting
  was charming and he felt sorry for her incompetence. Joe heard someone whispering, "See,
  that blonde must of sucked the producer off, to get on the show, like John
  said." Crista was a culinary amateur. She was a flirt, using her sex appeal
  to charm her way through life and get what she wanted and this was to be one
  more feather in her cap.  
  
  The focus switched to the front stage as the teams of women moved to stand
    at the tables, along side each other, but rotated at a slight angle in a
    V-shape. All four women were nude. The Amazons moved the roasting pans, containing
    the two live roasters, on to these tables as the emcee took up his position
    centre stage forward, joined by a man dressed in the attire of a head chef.
    The divider was moved once again and the side stages were dimmed as the focus
    of the audience moved back to the emcee. Alex introduced Chef Alfredo and
    gave a quick rundown of his credentials and asked the chef for his assessment
    of the women's efforts. 
 Spotlights were focused onto the pans. The meat girls had been posed in
  similar positions, on their backs; their heads slightly raised, supported by
  smaller pans acting as pillows. Their hair was nicely arranged. Both had their
  arms placed behind their backs to accentuate their ample breasts. However,
  whereas, Kim and Crista's girl had her legs raised into an open fetal position
  in the air; the meat girl of the other team had her leg arranged horizontally,
  bowed at the knees to display the meat girl's cunt and ass hole, both agape,
  with the labia of the cunt fully engorged and decoratively framed around the
  gaping vaginal opening. The lips of the labia had been tinted pink, as had
  the nipples. 
 Chef Alfredo launched into his assessment, "The women did a competent job
  in the preparation of these meat girls. Both were fully cleaned, gutted, stuffed
  and nicely arranged in the roasting pans. And, importantly, both are still
  alive.  
 However, the presentation of the meat girls, while fine for a family dinner,
  is not at a professional level. Meat girls, as beautiful as these two, should
  be presented in a manner befitting their physical attributes and emphasizing
  their sex appeal. While Team B did make an effort to highlight the meat girl's
  cunt and nipples, they could have posed the body more elegantly, so that all
  her prime attributes, including her rump were displayed, showing that she was
  more than a chicken for the oven. 
 Team A's meat girl is no more than a chicken for the oven. 
 Both meat girls were pleasured well to maximize their flavours but Team
  A seemed to have gotten carried away and showed sloppy cleaning technique,
  not even administering enema and douche. Again perfectly adequate for home
  cooking, but a professional likes to know that his product is presented to
  the table with the utmost cleanliness.  
  Both teams seasoned the body cavity and skin, well, but Team A neglected to
  fill their meat girl's breast with the human milk compound which is used to
  moisten, flavor and tenderize breasts which are not lactating. A must for any
  restaurant and they didn't apply butter under the skin for self basting. 
 On the whole Team B did a better job." 
 Team B high-fived while Kim slumped and Crista flashed a worried look to
  the audience as if imploring them to help her. 
  
  Alex announced that Team B would be declared the winner and that Team A had
    lost. 
  But, because there were two women involved and blame could not fairly be attributed
  to either one of them, a cook off between Crista and Kim would take place. 
 A member of the audience was invited to spin the wheel. It came up, "Prep
  of Prime Cuts", which Alex explained, "The meat girls prime cuts: breasts,
  ass cheeks and cunt filet, the obvious and most prized sex organs of a meat
  girl are to be harvested from her body while she was alive. This must be done
  without the meat girl expiring during the process or shortly thereafter." 
 Crista and Kim spun the wheel and the meat girls, to be used, were picked.
  The meat pans were taken to an off-stage kitchen where professional chefs would
  reprocess the meat girls into acceptable fare for presentation, at the evening
  meal. The tables were replaced with butchering tables, as Alex explained, that
  since this exercise was a matter of expertise and skill with a knife, there
  was no need to place the women in positions where they could not see each other. 
 The Amazons brought the meat girls to tables and secured them. 
 Kim step forward and immediately started cleaning her meat girl. Crista
  glanced over and followed suit. Both girls did a sensuous erotic job, playing
  to the audience. They used the Amazons to turn and hold the meat girls while
  the backs were done. The meat girls relaxed and enjoyed the attention of the
  hands over their bodies rubbing and massaging them. As usual, Crista really
  got into it and again seemed to get carried away; giving the prime meat cuts
  an inordinate amount of attention. After Kim glanced over and saw what Crista
  was doing she picked up her pace and seemed to be trying to out do her rival. 
  During this time, Crista outrageously flirted with the audience. They were
  her source of salvation. 
 Both women remembered to enema and douche their meat girls, this time. And
  once again, Kim seemed to be going for cleanliness while Crista aim seemed
  to be sensuousness and eroticism. 
 Crista, quickly, moved to pleasure the meat girl, while Kim was reaching
  for her knife. 
  Kim paused and considered. Perhaps the rubbing of the genitalia was not sufficient
  pleasuring, and they had been told to ham it up and use any excuse to move
  their performances to a sexual nature. So Kim put down her knife and went to
  work on the meat girl's cunt, ass, breasts and mouth. Licking, groping, sucking,
  nipping, pinching for all she was worth, occasionally checking on Crista. When
  she saw Crista probe her meat girl's vagina and then attacking the girl's G-spot,
  a sly grin crossed her face and Kim followed suit and soon the loud exhalations
  and sighs of the meat girls told the audience that the dolcettes had attained
  orgasm. Crista had progressed to her meat girl's ass hole and was trying for
  anal orgasm. Kim took the hint and followed but quit a short time later. Enough
  was enough. 
 Kim went to reach for her knife again, then paused. Her meat girl was not
  lactating. There was no warm sweet milk when she sucked on her meat girl's
  nipples and she realized she had not thought about making sure the tits were
  engorged and stayed engorged after she had cut them off. She considered and
  reflected upon what she could do, while mixed up a batch of meat girl breast
  milk with the gel and herbs commonly used. The Eurasian beauty returned with
  the large syringe and start injecting her meat girl's breasts causing the girl
  to writhe in agony. Kim made sure to press the syringe to the bone a few times
  to make sure the meat girl screamed in agony. The audience would love that.
  The pain and suffering of the meat was a palliative to the outrageous prices
  they were paying for their show and dinner. 
 Kim decided to make a thicker meat girl breast milk mixture with more gel
  and a little arrowroot starch and injected that around the meat girl's nipples
  just under skin. That should keep them engorged and taut when she harvested
  them without detracting from the taste. 
 Crista turned to see what the screaming was about. She hadn't checked on
  Kim while she was pleasuring her meat girl. There was nothing Kim could teach
  her in that department. 
  When she saw Kim filling her meat girl with human breast milk she flashed a
  wicked smile at the audience. Crista's meat girl was lactating and Crista had
  taken great care not to drain to much breast milk from the breasts. She knew
  that most dinners, given the choice would pick a lactating breast meat rather
  than breast meat that had been filled, so she gabbed both nipples and tweaked
  them hard, causing her meat girl to scream in pain and eject a stream of milk.
  Crista made a great show of licking clean the breasts of her meat girl. The
  audience and the chef would know that her meat girl's breast were swollen with
  milk and Crista had not overlooked checking to make sure.   
 
  Both women knew enough to massage the clits and labia of their meat girls and
    both injected them with usual basting oil mixture, used for that purpose.
    However, true to her form. Crista used this opportunity to eat out her meat
    girl's pussy. 
 Kim paused and seemed to be doing over a checklist in her head. She wasn't
  going to let her animosity to Crista make forget something again or make her
  careless.  
 This time Kim forgot nothing. She moved to the meat girl and gave her victim
  a large glass of fortified alcohol to calm the dolcette down and sedate her
  a little. Purist would also claim, that Kim was adding a little marinate to
  her animal's meat. 
  Kim made a show of noisily sharpening her knives, to allow the booze some time
  to work. 
 Crista, again, glanced over looking to Kim for guidance, and followed Kim's
  example. 
  Her use of the sharpening steel showed an inexperienced hand and she gave up
  after nicking herself with her chef knife. 
 Kim moved to her table, elevated an end slightly so that it was at an angle,
  allowing the audience to more easily see her actions and the effect those action
  would have on the meat girl. The she grabbed the breast and massaged them lightly,
  indicating that they would be the first cuts of girl meat harvested. She checked
  to make sure that all the bonds, holding her meat girl to the table, were secure
  and then placed a sheet of clear plastic over the bosom of her victim. Kim
  knew she could score points by ensuring that blood didn't splatter and squirt
  to far and not on the members of the audience. The little Eurasian beauty,
  then, removed the plastic and wiped the breast of her meat girl with a damp
  cloth. 
 Kim covered the bosom with the plastic, went through her mental checklist
  once again and moved her hand, holding her boning knife, under the plastic.
  She moved the blade to the fold where the lower breast meets the torso and
  inhaled and readied herself to start cutting. Suddenly she stopped, considered
  for a moment and then removed her hand from under the meat girl's breast. She
  removed the plastic and then exchanged knives. She had chosen a paring knife.
  Kim then traced an oval bloody circle around the complete meat girl's breast
  where it rose from the bosom. She exchanged knives again, replaced the plastic
  covering and once again positioned the boning knife under the fold at the lower
  base of the breast. With an economy of motion she moved the blade up till the
  detached breast was freely sitting on the meat girl's chest. 
 Kim removed her hand bearing the knife, carefully, from under the plastic
  wrap and using a towel reached under the plastic shield and cleaned the bloody
  mess. She exchanged towels, getting a pristine white one, Lifted away the plastic
  sheet and removed the breast and quickly covered the bloody wound with a white
  towel. With an economy of motion the plastic sheet was quickly dragged over
  the now quickly reddening towel, to the applause of the audience. The second
  breast was also sliced off in much the same manner but with less show and more
  haste. 
 Crista intently watched Kim and tried to match Kim's every move. She showed
  a lack of understanding of what she was doing but displayed an amazing ability
  to ape the actions the diminutive Eurasian beauty. 
  Kim next got a thick bag and filled it with small ice cubes from the freezer
  and crushed the cubes into slush. She double bagged the, formed it to the shape
  she wanted, sealed the bag, trimming away excess plastic. She took that bag
  and plopped on the meat girl's breast wound that she had cleaned and packed
  with gauze pads to stop the bleeding. 
 There were lots in the audience that probably would have preferred to see
  the bloody mess, Kim thought, but her meat girl might die if she didn't stop
  the bleeding. Kim applied the same procedure to the other breast wound and
  covered the plastic bags with paper towels which she had soaked in pink dyed
  water to match the meat girls skin tone and shaped the paper around the bags
  in the form of the missing breasts. To the unwary eye, it might look like breasts
  had returned. 
 Crista took a completely different course. She cauterized her meat girl's
  breast wounds with a browning propane torch and then passed the bloody breasts
  over the black cauterized flesh to give it the look of a raw untreated wound.
  It was a risky procedure that might have sent the meat girl into shock. But,
  the bleeding was stopped and she could present a blackened, bloody mess, which
  Crista was sure the audience would love. 
 Both women moved to the cunt area and cut away the prime filet of girl meat
  employing the same technique with the towels and plastic, with no apparent
  problem. This time Kim molded the paper towels to show a pubic slit. 
 Kim was ready to move on to the final harvesting of the meat girl's ass
  cheeks but she was unsure about how to maneuver her meat girl's body to get
  it into a position where she could harvest the girl meat. She looked over at
  Crista wonder if Crista had any good ideas and wondering what was taking Crista
  so long. Kim's mouth dropped as she caught a glance at Crista's girl meat filet.
  It was round and Crista was wrapping smoked girl meat ham bacon around it.
  Kim considered. Yes, she had heard about cunt filets with girl meat bacon wrapped
  round them. Expensive restaurants served girl meat filets like that, calling
  them "Filles Mignon", after the French word for girl. Kim could trim her girl
  meat filet into an oval shape and wrap it in girl meat bacon too. The girl
  meat bacon was made available, what else could it be for. Maybe, the bitch
  wasn't a total airhead. 
 The two women glared at each other, wondering what the best way of harvesting
  the ass-rump girl meat roasts. Kim didn't really know of a way, without flipping
  her meat girl, resulting in real mess around the breasts and vaginal area. 
  Crista had seen a rump roast being harvested in an expensive restaurant; a
  date had taken her to, to impress her. But, that meat girl had been hanging
  by her arms from the ceiling and the chef just had to turn the body around
  and he was in an enclosure, so he didn't have worry about blood splattering
  everywhere.  
 Kim had an idea; she had spotted a pulley hanging above her head. She could
  lift the meat girl's legs up with it, exposing the cheeks of the ass, and then
  Kim could easily slice them off. But there was a problem. The crank for the
  pulley was across the room and if Kim attempted to hoist her meat girl's legs
  aloft, the cunt wound would probably reopen creating a mess and she would not
  get a clear enough, unobstructed view from the crank to make sure that amount
  of movement was correct. Kim didn't want to raise body off the table. She was
  not allowed to get help from the Amazons for anything other than moving the
  meat girl. Kim surveyed the stage but could come up with no other solution
  and Crista seemed no better off. They would have to trust each and cooperate.
  Would Christa even consider doing so? Kim had to find out. 
 Reluctantly Crista agreed. Kim's idea worked. The rumps of each the meat
  girls were easily moved into position and once the crank was locked, the two
  women could help each other control the squirting blood and quickly clean up
  the mess. Both employed their own methods of treating the ass wounds. 
 A trimming of the edges of the cuts of girl meat, to enhance their appearance
  and a quick check to make sure nothing was missed and the contest was over. 
 The prime cuts of girl meat were presented by the two nude women, to the
  panel of judges for the verdict. The house lights went down. 
 A few minutes later the house lights brightened revealing the two cleaned
  up, still nude women standing side by side, slightly askew, so that the audience
  could clearly see both of them beside the emcee. The emcee reminded the audience
  of the consequences that would result from the panel of cooks' decision. One
  of the two women would be relegated to the girl meat cage to be processed for
  the evening repast 
 Alex reintroduced Chef Alfedo to pronounce the verdict. 
 "Both women did admirably." He looked at the trays of girl meat and pronounced, "All
  the cuts of girl meat had been cut to standards one would expect in a first
  class restaurant. 
  Most butchers, let alone cooks, would know to prepare the girl meat filets
  as "Filles Mignon". A little extra work to increase the value and desirability
  of a prime cut of girl meat." Crista did know best. 
 "The breasts are exquisite. Nice and plump and no doubt flavorful. The milky
  smell tells us that all of them are swollen with tasty meat girl milk. The
  engorged nipples enhance the presentability of the breasts. Who could turn
  down such a tasty treat?  
 The rump roasts a look plump and tender. They are cut right to the bone
  so that all possible girl meat has been harvested."  
 "However, there has to be a winner", concluded the venerable chef. 
 Crista inched a bit closer to the chef and when he glanced her, she slowly
  but visible thrust her breasts toward him. She fluttered eyes and crossed her
  arms under breasts to push them out and frame them. She was trying to flirt
  her way into his heart.  
 "In such a close contest as this, it boils down to the demonstration of
  skill and technique. 
  Which knife cuts are smoother, less ragged. 
  Who has been able to cut closest to the bone and cut the girl meat in a form
  which is more attractive to the eye." Crista began to rub her thighs as if
  it was a nervous reaction, at that comment. 
"Who has taken the most care and effort in trying to maximize the appearance
of the cut of girl meat. For example which cook has taken the most effort see
that the girl meat breasts have attractive nipples engorged to their maximum 
  Which meat girl has been injured the least? Have the wounds been treated to
  mitigate further trauma which could result in premature death. Does the meat
  girl still have a presentable body for the public to enjoy viewing?" 
 He paused, turned the Crista and Kim. A quiet chant of&nbsp; "Crista, Crista" started. 
  And he spoke, "The panel has decided that the most skill and ability was shown
  by Kim!" 
 Crista slumped and a tear fell from her right eye. The Amazons had to drag
  her to the meat girl cage, crying. 
 The house lights dimmed and rose to a deserted stage. The audience filed
  out to recover from the decision and get drinks and libations. 
  
  After about a half hour, a bell tolled, signaling to patrons that the contest
    was to resume. 
  The stage lights brightened showing the meat girl cage, now, with a morose
  Crista in it. 
  Kim, Samantha and Monica stood together slightly askew, now dressed in short
  mini-dresses. They had been cleaned up and make-up professional applied, their
  hair shone and with big smiles on their faces, they were all sex stars. 
 The emcee walked to the mike and announced, "The field has narrowed to three
  beauties. 
  It has been decided by the panel of judges that since the field is so competitive
  and the skills and abilities of our contestants so equal that we fill forego
  using the wheels to decide tasks. Instead the women will compete in face to
  beautiful face competition to decide the winner. 
  All three will perform the next task. 
  The two completing that task best, in the eyes of the panel, will then compete
  against each other to determine the winner of the contest. 
  The losers of round three, and the final, will join Crista in the meat girl
  cage, unless they are, at any time, chosen to be processed into girl meat.
  Good luck to you all." 
 "But, before we start, there is some unfinished business we have to take
  care of. Have the Amazons bring Crista to centre stage. Crista will spin the
  wheel to get her number. She will spin until a free number comes up and that
  number will be assigned to her. That number will then be branded into her upper
  front thigh. Usually identifying numbers are tattooed onto our meat girls but
  the shortage of time necessitates this action. Crista is a brave girl, so I
  don't expect that she will suffer much. Also since Crista has not had the benefit
  of acquiring the wherewithal to produce milk in her breasts, we will ask that
  her former colleagues remedy that situation by filling her mammaries with our
  meat girl breast milk substitute. 
 Crista was brought forward looking bewildered and sobbing. After spinning
  the wheel her number came up. Lucky Seven? The number of the meat girl that
  had been sacrificed. The Amazons were ordered to tie Crista to crossbeam overhead
  by her two joined and bound hands. Then Kim, Samantha and Monica got a bit
  of revenge. Kim especially seemed to want to inflict pain, driving her needle
  deep into Crista's breasts and the new dolcette screamed in agony, she never
  been treated like this before. Uncounted cocks were rising throughout the auditorium
  and many a pussy was moistening. As blood was allowed to stream down Crista's
  tormented breasts, Sonya made a show of heating a branding iron to red hot
  in a charcoal brazier and then burned the number seven into Crista's thigh.
  Who knows how many orgasmed at that moment, to Christa's shill blood curdling
  scream. Crista fainted. The Amazon dragged and threw back into the meat girl
  cage. 
  
  The three remaining contestants were then told that their next task would be
    to live spit a meat girl. The spitted meat girl had to remain alive so that
    she could be put on to roast in the pit BBQs immediately after they had performed
    their task. The meat girls would be monitored, to track the order of their
    expirations. The contestant whose meat girl lasted the longest would receive
    a bye into next round. 
  The contestants spun the wheel for the number of their victim. Jaws all over
  the auditorium, including Kim's, dropped when the arrow stopped on seven, for
  her spin. 
  A hubbub broke out and emcee announced that it would not be fair to Kim, that
  the number seven meat girl be assigned to her, due to the fragile state of
  meat girl. Kim spun again and came up with four. 
 Three Amazons each brought the chosen meat girls to tables, side by side,
  at which the three contestants were stripping off their clothes. Alex explained
  that the Amazons would assist the contestants in moving and restraining the
  meat girls but otherwise could not help them. Breach of this rule would result
  in disqualification. 
 The women were told where they could get water and cleaning supplies and
  began washing the nude meat girls. All proceeded to quickly and competently
  clean their girls. None missed the douche and enemas, although Samantha received
  an expected gush of vile brown liquid over her legs when her meat girl expelled
  the enema solution. The next step caused only minor difficulties. Kim, again,
  proceeded to pleasure her meat girl, in a somewhat relaxed mode, going about
  things mechanically and efficiently, missing nothing, inducing both a clitoral
  and G-stop orgasm but without passion or evidence of pleasure for her. Samantha
  fucked her meat girl and had her meat girl fucked her in a frenzy of cunnilingus.
  Monica enjoyed her liaison with her meat girl as they both explored each other
  and pleasured each other to satisfying relief.   
 
  Problems happened when Monica started syringing meat girl breast milk into
    her non-lactating dolcette. As the needle penetrated her taut nipple, the
    meat girl tried to jump off the table, surprising Sonya and as Sonya grappled
    to restrain the meat girl, the table was toppled onto Monica. Monica recovered
    quickly but was nonplussed for a time and started making mistakes and although
    she corrected them, she grew panicky, as Kim and Samantha forged a head. 
 She dropped the decanter of fortified alcohol smashing it, in an effort
  to catch her rivals. 
  And the screams of the other two meat girls having their stomachs slit open
  and their guts removed, caused Monica's dolcette to try to bolt again. The
  Amazon cuffed the terrified girl into quiescence but Monica become further
  unnerved.  
 By the time she had gutted her meat girl, the other two women were pushing
  their spitting poles into the body cavities of their dolcettes. Monica sped
  things up and appeared to be catching up. She had her spit pole entering the
  body cavity of her meat girl, as Kim and then Samantha pushed the pointed tips
  of the poles successfully out of the mouths of their meat girls, to polite
  applause. A task made infinitely easier by the proviso that the body cavities
  of the meat girls did not have to be stuffed and could be left wide open. As
  Kim and Samantha completed their rough closure of the belly tears, in their
  meat girls, to protect that now very sensitive area, Monica pushed her pole
  out of her meat girl's mouth. She had caught up, not that it made any difference.
  No time limit was ever specified and it was not a race. 
 The judging panel came over to examine the work of the contestants when
  they noticed a great deal of blood oozing out of Monica's meat girl's belly.
  Monica had not properly sealed all the bleeders caused by the gutting or she
  had perforated the lung tissue or heart. 
  Her spitted meat girl would expire soon.  
 Monica had lost.  
 The examination of the spitted meat girls was terminated and their bodies
  taken to the roasting pits. There was no need for further deliberation. There
  was also no need to respit Monica's meat girl; her technique had been sound
  enough and her fatal mistake would simply mean the spit muffin would not last
  as long as the other two 
  The audience followed the Amazons and the contestants, including Monica, as
  they carried the spitted bodies of the meat girls and installed them on the
  rotisseries. The wagers still wanted to know if they could cash there betting
  chits. 
  
  When the contest resumed, Monica was ushered to the meat girl cage and thrown
    inside, landing on Crista. Monica had been morose but had not been seen to
    be crying. The refreshment interval, after the audience had moved to the
    roasting pits, had given the unfortunate woman a chance to recompose herself.
    But upon landing on Crista, the two losing contestants hugged each other,
    both weeping and sobbing woefully. The audience loved it. 
  
  Alex stepped to centre stage and announced that the final contest would be
    the skinning of a live meat girl. The chosen victims would be placed hanging
    by their joined hands and daggling, so that their toes barely touched the
    ground, in a glass enclosure, where the remaining two contestants Kim and
    Samantha would cut off their skin. The skin was to be removed in one piece
    and the meat girl was to remain alive for roasting or spitting.  
  And since, both women had already demonstrated their adeptness at cleaning
  the meat girls prior to processing, that step would no longer be require having
  been taken care of already. 
 If, the task was completed by both women, successfully, the winner of the
  contest and the $100,000 prize would be determined by an examination of the
  bodies of the meat girls and the completeness of the skin. 
 The emcee then called for Monica to be assigned a number by the Amazons.
  Monica was brought to centre stage, spun the wheel. It came up nine. The Amazons
  tied Monica to the ceiling and while she was dangling inscribed the number
  nine on the thigh with a marking pen. The branding and the abuse of Crista's
  breasts had been for the entertainment of the audience. And although Monica
  was a beautiful woman with a lovely innocent baby face and a shapely lush body,
  the audience wasn't interested in achieving orgasmic release from her torture.
  A bewildered and relieved Monica was returned to the meat girl cage, to await
  her fate. 
  
  Kim and Samantha came on stage. They had again cleaned up and been expertly
    groomed during the intermission. The spotlights were trained on them in a
    manner to cause them to glow in the lights. They started stripping off the
    lingerie and they had arrived on stage, to a hushed audience. In the background,
    the enclosure was moved to centre stage. 
 The two women spun the wheel again. Samantha drew her dolcette and Kim once
  again drew number seven. A Eurasian meat girl and a delirious Crista were brought
  to the enclosure and Crista was hung from the ceiling. The crowd hushed as
  the beautiful statuesque blonde Samantha and the petit dazzler Kim, entered
  the enclosures to pleasure their meat girls. Samantha, once again, induced
  her meat girl into a frenzy and came to orgasm with a ear piercing scream of
  satisfaction. Some in the crowd wonder how real her orgasm was, while a few
  women swooned.  
 In the mean time, Kim attacked Crista with the mechanical sex making of
  the previous round but with a new intensity. Kim seemed to be intent on destroying
  Crista's breasts and genitalia with her exaggerated sex acts. She seemed to
  be trying to twist off the meat girl's nipples. She seemed to be trying to
  suck all the milk the three contestants had syringed into Crista's breasts.
  She seemed to be intent on licking the skin off Crista's pussy. She seemed
  to need to eat Crista's cunt raw, literally. She seemed to needed to destroy
  Christa's ass so it could never be used again. 
  Crista, on the other hand, seemed the writhe in sexual rhapsody accepting every
  insult to her body as if it were a blessing. 
  The contestant and the meat girl rode each other to screaming ORGASMS. Kim
  crumbled to the floor. Crista visible convulsed and fainted. The audience was
  transfixed by the unbridled passion. 
 It took Kim a few minutes to recompose herself. And then she strode to the
  enclosure with her skinning knife in hand, stopped retraced her steps and traded
  the knife for a towel. She slowly towel cleaned Crista's body in a deliberate
  non-sexual or sensuous manner, looking as if she was wasting time or further
  gathering herself. Kim went back and got her knife and a chant of&nbsp; "Save
  Crista, Save Crista, Save Crista!!" started. Kim turned to look at the audience
  in bewilderment and the audience responded by increasing the pitch and loudness.
  By the time Kim got to the enclosure, it was a roar. Kim approached the hanging
  body and punched into Crista's stomach with her fist. Kim was grabbed and dragged
  out of the enclosure by an Amazon. 
 The emcee spoke, "There seems to be a problem. Shall we continue?" 
 A resounding, "NO", reverberated through the hall. 
 "What shall we do then?" Alex asked. 
 The audience continued with, "Free Crista , Free Christa", that gradually
  changed to, "Let us pleasure her, Let us pleasure her, LET US PLEASURE HER" with
  a few, "Let us fuck her, Let us fuck her", thrown in. 
 A group assembled off stage and called the emcee to them and then Kim was
  signaled to join them. Kim looked to be arguing with them. And then the emcee
  returned to the stage and spoke. "We hear you but the rules are clear Crista
  has been reduced to a meat girl, with no rights. Her only function is to serve
  you. Or more accurately, to be served to you. 
  But we cannot turn a deaf ear to you." 
  Kim has rights, too. And she demands to be allowed to earn her reward. We cannot
  deny her."  
  The chants grew louder even still as the emcee continued, "OK, OK, WE hear
  you and respond." 
"Crista may not be used today. She may be allowed to recover and serve you. She
may be made available to all of you, to sample and to enjoy her many gifts, all
next week as a dolcette." 
 The crowd cheered. 
 The emcee continued, "But Kim insists that Crista fulfill her obligation
  as a meat girl, today. And since Crista cannot satisfy all of your lusts today
  and she is supposed to be turned to meat. Instead Crista will entertain you,
  to sooth your passions until next week.  
 It has been agreed that Crista will be hung by her neck, along side the
  meat girls while they are being turned to girl meat. 
  If Crista is still alive when the contestants have finished, you may use Crista
  all next week. 
  If Crista expires, Kim will spit her and the girl meat will be taken to the
  roasting pits. 
  This is Kim's gift to you." 
 The audience quieted and applauded softly. 
  
  The contest was restarted with Crista being hung by her throat between the
    other two meat girls. The last of the original meat girls was chosen to take
    Crista's place. 
  Kim and Samantha would continue without the pleasuring of the replacement meat
  girl. 
  As Crista swung in the air, Kim slit a line into skin of the back of her meat
  girl, slowly, deliberately and cautiously. The blade slipped at bit causing
  an inadvertent cut in the skin. She thought, 'I had better quit thinking about
  Crista or I'll be in the same predicament.' She proceeded to skin her victim
  in her usual methodical, cautious manner. Forgotten was her plan to stall until
  Crista was dead. 
 Samantha was having difficulty. She had never skinned anything except a
  salmon and she couldn't control her thrashing, screaming girl meat. She was
  just making a big mess of pieces of girl meat, girl meat skin and girl meat
  blood and starting to panic. The panic grew more intense every time she glanced
  at Kim, methodically peeling a growing flap of skin from her meat girl. 
  As Samantha's mess grew and Kim's flap of girl meat skin grew, the contest
  was stopped. Crista was taken down and off the stage. 
 The emcee explained to a quiet audience that the contest was stopped because
  Samantha was ruining her meat girl's flesh. And that if they allowed her to
  continue, the girl meat flesh might be made inedible. To Kim, a poor excuse
  but to many of the epicures in the audience an astute move. They couldn't abide
  minced girl meat flesh unless it came as Femme Tartar. 
 Kim was declared the winner. 
 The bodies of the meat girls were taken to a back stage to be prepared for
  the roasting pit. 
  Kim was moved to centre stage and given her original clothes to put on and
  she waited for emcee to name her the winner. 
  The audience grew increasingly restless. 
  The emcee moved to centre stage followed by two Amazons and said, "I am here
  to declare our contest winner. 
 But we do not have a winner! 
 The panel of judges has determined that Kim and Crista should have been
  disqualified for helping each other while they prepared the girl meat prime
  cuts. 
  According to the rules, disqualification must result in the contestant being
  made a meat girl".  
 The Amazons grabbed the Eurasian beauty's arms and dragged her to the girl
  meat cage, stripped off her clothes and threw her into the meat girl cage 
 The cage now held three contestants Monica, Samantha and Kim. 
 The crowd exited the auditorium, as a voice implored them not to miss the
  next gala event. The Peril of Paulines. 
  
  Monica, Samantha and Kim were taken the resort kitchen. Samantha had been ordered
    by an enamored patron, for an evening feast. He, first, had her brought to
    his room and he and his friends pleasured her, brutally, all afternoon. They
    had a contest to see who could duplicate or better Samantha's orgasm in the
    skinning enclosure. The winner was to get her cunt filet. 
 Monica and Kim were spit roasted. There had been a deluge of preorders for
  exotic, erotic Asian food, that morning and management had ordained that Kim's
  only exit from the resort would be in patrons' stomachs. 
 Monica's girl meat was a hit too. There was a bidding war for the few pleasuring
  sessions that were available before she went on to the spit and no one was
  disappointed in her performances that afternoon. 
  She was roasted to a juicy golden brown with only a little charring. Her choice
  breast and rump slices were a popular, if not expensive, treat for many and
  the bidding on her cunt filet reached astronomical proportions. The resort
  management was not surprised; the contestants always brought big profits. There
  was an endless stream of foreign girls that could be lured to the resort with
  promises of wealth and fame, made to look beautiful and disappeared from their
  families. The rich patrons were willing to pay almost anything to sate their
  lusts and they never asked questions. 
  
  Perils of Paulines   
  
  Joey arrived back on the islands, early. The mounting expectation and foreboding
    made him so restless that he had to leave the Mansion and dolcette farm much
    earlier than he had originally planned. Based on the last two spectacles,
    he was expecting an outstanding show. The resort had advised the attendee
    to dress casually, to come early and to expect a long leisurely day of fun
    and thrills 
 Joey noticed that coliseum had been reconfigured and the seating capacity
  was now reduced five hundred people, divided almost equally between men and
  women.  
 He noticed that there was a lot of equipment everywhere. A "Y" shaped raised
  walkway dominated the middle of the arena, its three arms running from the
  center of the arena to the edges like spokes of a wheel.&nbsp; He recognized
  portable roasting pits just out side the gates and four tent pavilions at the
  four corners of the compass. along the rim of the arena. 
 After what seemed like an eternity the crier yelled out, "Good sirs and
  gentle ladies we welcome you to our extravaganza. 
  Today you will be able to feed all your appetites and sate your deepest passions.  
  You will be privy to a spectacle, unseen by most. 
  For your pleasure and entertainment, we have obtained a herd of wild she animals. 
  Today you may enjoy all that they have to offer, in any way you see fit." 
 A wagon pulled up, drawn by horses, and stopped. A group of fifteen beautiful
  young women were pushed out of the wagon enclosure by ten Amazons. The meat
  girls were all lovely. There were eight blondes, two redheads, two brunettes,
  two Hispanic or Eurasians and a black girl. The meat girls looked to range
  in age from about eighteen and twenty-four. They looked bewildered and scared.
  Joe felt like he could feel their drumming hearts. They were dressed in casual
  ordinary clothes, a bit grubby but otherwise no different from what one would
  see on any street. 
  There were ten Amazons, dressed in their usual attire of black meat girl leathers
  and thigh boots. Joe noticed that all of them had cattle prods. 
 The Crier droned on, "These are wild untamed meat girls recently captured
  by our hunters worldwide. They have not been domesticated or fattened for the
  pot. Their flesh is gamy and chewy. But, they have the sweet savor of recent
  freedom. 
 Today, you the privileged elite will be able to sample and enjoy to the
  utmost, all that they have.   
 
  We affectionately call this presentation "The Perils of Paulines". The meat
  girls will be put through a number of trials so that you might see what they
  are made of and which you might enjoy. Those not successfully completing a
  task will be punished by you, in a manner of your choosing, using your cell
  phones. Our Amazons will administer the punishment." 
  
"The Paulines will now be cleansed and made pure for you". The Amazons forced
the meat girls to strip completely naked, encouraging any who were reluctant
with their cattle prods. The nude girls were washed in two small tubs, in a sensual
erotic manner with much rubbing of the breasts, asses, thighs and cunts. 
 The nude meat girls were then paraded around the arena and then made to
  walk the three spokes of the runways, like models. They paused at the end of
  each runway and sat on a padded chair so that they could raise the legs and
  asses, spread their legs and show their pussies to the admiring crowd. Any
  reluctant models were encouraged to comply by the cattle prods of the Amazons.
  Joe noted that they all had cute attractive faces. Their bodies ran the gamut
  from short and chubby to lean and athletic. Their breasts and asses were not
  as plump and round as his farmed meat girls, with a more natural appearance. 
 After all the Paulines had walked all three runways, the crier informed
  the audience,  
"The time has come for holy devotion to our creator. During the cleansing of
the bodies, it was discover that there was one pure of body, untouched by her
past life with her maidenhood intact. Our holy father will now raise this pure
one to bosom of the Heavenly Lord, prepare her sex to accept his blessing and
raise her soul to the heavens that she might wed her flesh to his and we can
all partake of her holy sacrifice." 
 A man in a red robe strode to the altar that had risen into the arena, as
  an Amazons picked up the little blonde. She was nude with a chubby body but
  not overweight. Her breasts were of medium size, with big pink puffy nipples,
  her waist was a not as narrow as most of the girls but her plump ass gave her
  a full smooth hourglass figure. She looked terrified but did not struggle.
  She was placed on the altar, spread-eagled, with her body on an angle so that
  all could see her face. A pillow was put under back to push up her bosom and
  make her breasts appear larger. The priest kissed tenderly on the lips and
  then kissed her breasts and nipples. The little girl was frozen in fear. The
  kissing progressed down the body to the cunt. The priest moistened the pussy
  by licking the area. He placed a white linen sheet under the lower torso and
  legs and the picked up and enormous cross with a shaft thicker than the head
  of a baseball bat, rubbed gently against the girl's torso and then thrust deeply
  into the girl. Her back arched and she convulsed slumping into unconsciousness. 
 The priest pulled out the now bloody end of the cross and blessed the girl's
  temple, mouth, breasts and cunt with cross motions and then reinserted the
  cross and thrust it in and out while chanting, for about five minutes and then
  dislodged the cross, bowed to the unconscious girl and left chanting, "Praise
  be to our Heavenly Lord." Blood continue to drip from the vagina, of the meat
  girl. The girl was taken away a little later, when crowd was distracted by
  the Paulines pleasuring each other. She wasn't quite dead yet and was sure
  to make a tasty and tender roaster when she was put into the oven alive, to
  cook. Offers were already being accepted for her prime cuts. 
 The crier bowed to the altar and continued, "The Paulines will now be allowed
  to pleasure each other so that all may assess their skills and charms. After
  which our pavilion rooms will be opened so that the Paulines may be used to
  satisfy all your cravings and lust. Since these meat girls were not made available
  for sampling and pleasuring, during the week, as is customary, we offer this
  as recompense. The pavilions will open for two hours. The attendants and ushers
  will be able to assist you in getting the Pauline, of your desire, to your
  pavilion as expeditiously as possible. As is our custom, the most generous
  offers will be given priority. Feel free to come down and examine the Paulines
  and feel free to make use of any one of the pavilions. Of course, if you wish
  you may also use the arena mats. 
  
  The meat girls were divided into three groups and led to the mats in the three
    sectors where they pleasured each other, in frenzied activity. They had been
    told that the only way to survive the day was to play the game, to the utmost,
    and completely satisfy every requirement; that the surest way to live was
    to acquire a paramour who would buy them and take them to his or her home.
    The meat girls had no other option but to believe that that was the case
    and act accordingly. 
  The audience wasted no time in placing their orders and moving to the arena
  floor or their closest pavilion. The anticipation had already made many of
  them extremely horny. 
 When fifteen minutes was over, the fucking started immediately and for the
  next two hours, the arena was alive with a cacophony of sounds: screams of
  passion, pain and ecstasy, loud moans and all manner of grunts, squeals and
  squeaks. Joe could see humping silhouettes through the sheer pavilion walls.
  On the arena grounds, many of the patrons were using the opportunity to examine,
  explore and probe the bodies of the Paulines, some in cruel ways that had to
  be controlled by the Amazons. 
 After two hours, the crier announced that the first trial was to start.
  There was flurry of activity as the proper equipment was brought out and positioned.
  When the preparations were complete, there was a circular track around the
  rim of the arena and a series of three rope lines stretching between two of
  the spoke runways. 
  
  The crier explained, "The first trial is the trial of the noose. 
  The Paulines will be herded around the arena two times and then they will be
  herded up to a platform where a rope noose will be put around the necks. The
  rope is short. The other end has already been secured to the rope line. The
  hands of the Paulines will not be bound and their hands can be used to move
  them across the rope bridge to the other side. 
  If a Pauline looses grip of the rope, she will fall and be hanged.  
  Such a fate would be so fast that it would deprive us of proper entertainment,
  so the Amazons will remove the Pauline and take her to face the trial of slow
  impalement." 
 The Pauline were chased around the ring, by Amazons wielding whips and lashes,
  the required two times, and then passed up to the runway, a noose placed over
  their necks and they were pushed off into space. 
 All but one Pauline made it across. A pale-white slightly built cutie, with
  bright deep blue eyes and an angelic face, lost her grip and was hanged. Also
  the last girl, a busty Latin temptress with thick wavy brown hair, streaked
  with blonde highlight, was pushed violent back as she attempted to climb back
  to the runway landing. It had been ordained that at least two Paulines should
  face the trial of impalement. 
 The Paulines that had successfully transited the rope bridge were taken
  away to be cleaned for next phase while the two hanged Paulines were taken
  down using long poles with hooked ends. They were taken to the spot on the
  runways for peril two. 
  
  The crier explained, "These two Pauline have sore necks but otherwise they
  are unhurt. They will now undergo the peril of impalement. A spitting pole
  will be put into their ass hole or vaginal tunnel and the pole has been rigged
  so that every movement will cause it to penetrate the body more. Of course
  the Paulines can halt the penetration using their sphincter muscles or vaginal
  muscles. If they survive to the end of the trial without damage that would
  ruin or taint their girl meat, they will be returned to the fattening farms.
  If the chefs, monitoring them, deem that the internal organs have been ruptured,
  they will intervene and prepare the meat girl for live spit roasting. The Paulines
  will then be placed on the spits.  
 The little blonde had the spit in her anus. Her pretty face and the torment,
  that the cruel punishment would cause, would make her cunt filet worth a fortune,
  by the time her girl meat was served. The Paulines stood stiffly expecting
  the worst to happen with their muscles clenched but at the same time knowing
  they were doomed. Nothing happened, the tips of the spits were dull so they
  didn't penetrate any further than they had been pushed in, the Paulines were
  meant to last awhile longer. 
  
  The Paulines were cleaned up, this time by a group of young teen cherubs, while
    the crier announced that the pavilions would reopen for two hours more of
    debauchery. 
  
  After two hours the crier announced, "Trial three. The gauntlet. In this trial,
  the Paulines will run gauntlets formed by the Amazons. The Amazons will form
  two lines through which the Paulines will run. Paulines will have to run completely
  through the gauntlets. The Amazons will not use weapons, only the hands and
  fists to try to catch or knock down a Pauline. The Amazons will have their
  range of movement constricted by neck restraints tied to ropes parallel to
  the pathway. Paulines caught will be given a second chance, by undergoing trial
  two, the peril of impalement. The gauntlet will be run three times so that
  each section of the coliseum can enjoy a close view. 
 The Paulines ran between the lines of the Amazons, to a hue of cries and
  screams. All told, four Paulines were caught. 
 The four were taken to be impaled. The impaling apparatus was slightly different
  than the first. And, the impalements were distributed to each runway so that
  each runway had two Paulines on it. They crier reiterated the specifics of
  the trial and four more terrified girls were left to their fates. 
  
  The remaining eight Paulines were cleaned and the pavilions open for business
    again. The flow into and out of the tent was constant. 
  
  After two hours, peril four was announced, "This peril is the peril of the
  roasting pit. A pit of hot coals has been prepared. A narrow log has been placed
  across the pit for our Paulines to cross over the pit. Any Pauline loosing
  her balance and falling in has been made meat. 
  Since we could not install a full hot coal-baking pit in the arena, the Paulines
  will be retrieved from our pit and baked in our ground charcoal ovens. However
  we would not want to deprive any of our esteemed audience of the spectacle
  of the preparation of the meat, so that chore will be done in the arena, before
  the meat is moved to the baking pits." 
 The Paulines, some now crying, were led to a smoking fiery red pit, with
  a very thin branch across it.&nbsp; Three Paulines fell in. As with the hanging
  peril, one of the Paulines had been deliberately caused to fall. Preorders
  for the luau style dinner had been brisk and the management didn't want to
  disappoint anyone.  
 The Paulines in the pit realized that there was really no fire; smoke and
  mirrors, just a mass of ropes to entangle them so that they could not get up.
  The Amazons extricated the Paulines, knocked them unconscious and laid out
  their bodies side by side beside the pit, a smorgasbord of colors. The only
  black girl, a Latin beauty and a tall lanky blonde. It made pretty picture. 
 Chefs arrived to prepare the meat. The Paulines were wiped clean and then
  gutted alive. The pain of the gutting knife aroused the Latin into frenzied
  and she had to be restrained by two Amazons. The blonde girl was aroused by
  the screaming but merely glanced around, unable to move. The three Paulines
  were gutted with their hearts and lungs intact so that they would remain alive
  through their ordeal. The black beauty was shaken awaken and feeling the burning
  pain in her torso, screamed, "Kill me, Please kill me." The Amazons restrained
  her.  
 The Paulines were taken one by one to a nearby butcher block, one by one,
  where their arms were chopped off just above the elbows and their legs chopped
  off just above the knees. The chefs had tied the areas off with tourniquets
  so there wasn't a mess. And then the heads were chopped off. The blonde, the
  Latin and the black girl stared off into the abyss one final time, no longer
  feeling pain. 
 The cooks finished removing the internal organs, stuffed the body cavities
  and stitched them up. The meat was taken to the in-ground roasting pits, layered
  in palm leaves and piled high with hot coals and sand. The meat was allowed
  to bake till it was moist and tender long pig. 
  
  The five remaining Paulines were mortified and in shock.&nbsp; They meekly
  submitted to their cleaning with occasional attempts to bolt or woeful sobbing.
  They had to be tried to the beds in the pavilions, when the pavilions were
  open, and rather than fuck, the Paulines meekly lay back and let the patrons
  rape them. Not one person complained, some even offered to pay double for another
  go or longer time. Rape was a pleasure to them and the show by the pit was
  a real turn on. 
  
  The next trial was announced. Trial by water. The crier explained, "The Paulines
  will have choice of using their anal sphincters or their vaginal muscles. An
  enema will be administered and the Paulines have merely to run to the other
  side of the arena to expel the liquid or a Pauline will have this plug inserted
  into her vagina and a bucket, attached to the plug, will be filled with water.
  The Pauline has merely to transit the arena before the bucket falls."  
 Of course the final test was impossible, the anuses would be filled to the
  rupture point and if the Pauline got to close, she would be tripped or the
  seemingly small bucket would be weighted with lead and, again, if it looked
  like a Pauline was going to make it, she would be tripped. The field had already
  been bisected with wires, which were almost invisible until they were raised.
  The meat girls had to all go on the flame. Time was slipping away. The meat
  would not roast sufficiently if the show went on much longer. Some of the dinners
  were scheduled for mid night but even that might be too soon. 
 The peril went on. The two Paulines who had chosen enemas didn't even make
  it half way. The Paulines that chose the water buckets faired almost as poorly,
  one broke down crying, only a few yards from the start and one other tripped,
  even without the wires. The fifth Pauline made it; management had decided to
  make it appear that the final trial was possible. The last Pauline was lauded
  and feted for a while and went into the luau pit with her head cut off and
  her limbs shortened, the next day. The guests all said she was delicious and
  her meat melted in they're mouths. 
  
  That left the six impaled girls to deal with. Management debated whether to
    keep them alive for live spitting and live barbequing or just to pull the
    plug and let the poles do their job. All impaling devices were, in point
    of fact, sophisticated spitting machines that were programmed to perform
    in any manner decided. The Paulines had been put on them so that an appearance
    of death by impalement would occur; but in fact the spitting pole would barely
    pass the anus or vagina and more importantly no internal organs would be
    ruptured, thus avoiding a bloody smelly mess. It was argued that the audience
    didn't really care as long as they got their girl meat.   
 
  The other side argued that the reputation of the resort would suffer, if the
    show ended in a mess of blood and shit. 
  And in the end, they won. It was decided that it was the show that mattered.
  If the patrons just wanted human flesh, it was always available and they wanted
  a fine dinner of girl meat, the dining room and other restaurants were almost
  always open for business. They went to a lot of trouble to create illusions,
  to sate the lust and greed of the customers while ever maintaining a veneer
  of civilized behavior. 
 The show would go on as originally planned. 
  The Amazons went onto the runways and checked the bonds holding the Paulines.
    They aligned poles along the backs of the girls that were oriented in an
    identical manner to the poles penetrating the ass or vaginas and secured
    them to the base of the floor. The crier explained, "The poles are exactly
    parallel to the poles inside this Paulines. As the poles penetrating the
    Paulines go in deeper into each of the bodies, you can follow a parallel
    path of the pole through the body using the reference pole, you can see.
    This way you can determine the path the internal pole is taking through the
    Pauline's body. 
  The movement of the pole upward can be tracked by watching the machine's thrusting
  movements and the rise of the end of the pole."  
  A cover was removed from a small glass window. "Through this window you can
  see the action of the pole going in, more easily.&nbsp; A computer programme
  tracks the path so that vital organs were missed and with a little adjustment
  to the head the tip of the point would pop out of the mouth like manual spitting",
  he continued 
"The machine is not on yet. We waited so that you could watch the impalement
peril of these Paulines without any distractions." 
 The machines came to life, noisily, and the Paulines screamed. The poles
  seemed to rise into the Paulines, as blood streamed from each of their orifices.
  The machines continued to a din of screams and moans with occasional swearing
  or pleas for mercy. The poles seemed to rise and the crowd was in pandemonium.
  An Amazon went the first girl, the fragile little blonde with the angelic face.
  She pulled back the head, by the long blonde hair, opening the mouth and inserted
  a tube. The crier explained, "The small tube, put into the mouth of the Pauline,
  will be pushed down to meet the spit coming up, allowing the Pauline to continue
  breathing and helping to bypass the heart. Watch for the tip of the spiting
  pole exiting." And as the tip seemed to exit, to a cheer, he added, "Success
  the Pauline has become meat." 
 In a like fashion the other Paulines were spitted. 
 The crier further explained, "The meat is still alive so that it can start
  roasting alive; this with ensure moist tender meat. However the meat has not
  been fully cleaned, the internal organs must still be removed; this will be
  done adjacent to the spit roasting barbeques. 
  All are invited to watch." 
 The Paulines were moved to the spit roasting barbeques, after the crowd
  had left. They had not been impaled. The mouth tube and short pointed metal
  stakes were removed from their asses and vaginas. The girls were given the
  fortified alcohol to drink and taken to the spit roasting area where a small
  crowd had assembled and with great ceremony, really spitted in the normal manner
  by two skilled chefs. The alcohol had made the dolcettes drunk and almost senseless.
  The crowd thought it was the effect of the prolonged impalement. 
  The chefs used sharp knives, so the meat girls barely moved. All went well.
  Well past midnight the meat was served. No one was upset by the wait. The little
  blonde Pauline was tender, moist and flavorful. Many patrons said it was the
  best girl meat they had ever tasted.  
  
  Joe went with Paul and the other New World executives to the luau. It was on
    the lawn adjacent to the resort dining room. The crowd was boisterous and
    wild, fuelled by copious alcohol that flowed freely. The management had made
    sure that there were lots of play-for-pay party dolls, of all shades of sexual
    orientation, to satisfy even the most jaded sexual appetite.  
 The party proceeded apace with Joe taking every advantage he could. He enjoyed
  the company of a beautiful brunette, who sucked his cock so hard he though
  she would suck it off. He enjoyed brandy after brandy, till he was staggering
  around. 
 By the time the girl meat, dark brown coloured with crisp skin, was served
  he was flying. Pointing to the uncooked head, which lay along side the platter
  of steaming female flesh, he giggled, "The little Spanish meat. I hope she
  tastes as good as she looked", as his face fell onto his plate. His new friends
  let him sleep it off, for a while and as the gathering grew sparse, they helped
  back to his room. And put him to bed. 
  
  Joe was starting to come around when he felt hand pulling off his pants, and
    lifted his head to see a mop of long, curved, dark blonde hair. He staggered
    up asking, "Who are you." And plopped back down.  
 The blonde coyly answer, "I'm your genie and I'm here to grant your every
  wish. 
 &nbsp;Joe thought, 'Room service from the resort. Gee, I hopes its not one
  of those sex fiends from New World.' 
 The beautiful blonde began sucking Joe off, as he drifted off. After an
  hour Joe glanced up at an angelic vision with large sky blue eyes, who was
  saying to him, "I think you're up and ready to play." The vision moved toward
  his face and kissed him. The couple was quickly French kissing, passionately,
  but with a measured serenity. Sensuality seemed to be the focus on love rather
  than carnality. Joe was enveloped by her sweet musky smell as she kissed his
  chest and then raised her breasts to his mouth, pushed one of her engorged
  pink nipples into his and implored him to suck it. A jet of warm milk squirted
  down Joe's throat causing him gag, a little, and then he sucked with passion;
  a little baby clinging to his mother's breast, sucking for life sustaining
  substance. When that breast was dry, he went to the other, lost in time and
  place. When Joe had sucked the second breast dry, she mounted him aside his
  cock and slowly and gently rocked. As the rocking slowly intensified, the minx
  tried to suck Joe's cock into her as deeply as possible with her vaginal muscles.
  The blonde lifted her self off Joe and bent to him, kissing him and telling
  him to make love to her. She helped Joe turn over and mount her. Joe mechanically
  fucked her, on his sex autopilot. He came in a flood, turned over and went
  back to sleep. The blonde cleaned Joe off with a towel and went to the bathroom
  to clean herself. Returning to the bed, she lightly kissed Joe and got into
  the bed by side him, briefly hugging Joe before she nodded off. 
  
  The next morning, Joe got up and looked over to the glowing vision of beauty
    beside him. It hadn't been a dream. She was there. He studied her face. She
    was beautiful, a halo of thick dark blonde hair, that curled lushly down
    to her shoulders, framed her face. The lips move a bit, they were a dull
    pink, full and wide and symmetrically equal in width and length. They conveyed
    innocence and youth, and then Joe remembered those startling blue eye that
    seemed to glow at him in the subdued light of the night. He had to awaken
    sleeping beauty with a kiss. 
 The kiss did awaken the blonde and she beamed at with a great big smile
  and flashed those incredibly sky blue eyes. She cooed, "Good morning, Lover.
  Is it morning already." 
 Joe glared at her, lost in those big blue eyes, unable to talk. 
  The blonde knew Joe was lost. She could almost, physically, feel his eyes penetrating
    into her. She broke the spell singing, "I'm going to get cleaned. I'll only
    be a moment. We have a big day ahead of us." The vision got out of bed and
    slowly and majestically made her way to the bathroom showing no concern that
    she was nude." 
  Joe kept staring watching the smooth unblemished lightly tanned skin of the
  back and the big well-muscled taut ass cheeks move away from him. 
 Fifteen minutes later the blonde returned with only a wet towel flung her
  shoulder. To Joe, her breasts were like beacon, they were large, slightly conical
  but with a full heavy bulge on the underside, a very slight amount of sagging
  and only a pencil width of space separating them as they rode high on her chest,
  slightly bouncing. The nipples were a light pink and fully engorged. They dominated
  her breasts. Joe was salivating and he didn't know why. 
 Joe stammered, "Who are you? What are you doing here?" 
 The woman identified herself a Lena Sanchez and she was from New World Traders.
  As Joe responded with a moan, she giggled saying, "I'm an executive, not a
  meat girl or play-for-pay girl. I volunteered to be your guide for your visit,
  and I just couldn't wait to introduce myself. I hope I didn't inconvenience
  you." Lena finished drying her self and dropped the towel and moved to her
  over night bag. 
 Joe looked away slightly and gushed, "No problem." Considered and said, "Was
  I OK last night? I didn't do anything I shouldn't of, did I?"  
 Lena giggled and as Joe turned back to her, she was reaching behind her
  back to fasten her bra said, "No you were a perfect gentleman." And after snapping
  the hooks into place she clutched her breasts lifting them in her hands saying, "But
  you drained these dry." 
 The two broke out into laughter, the ice completely broken now. Lena continued
  to dress putting on a simple floral mini-dress, over her lacy t-back, skimpy
  panties and put on white high heels. She picked up her small over night grooming
  kit and headed for the bathroom, again. Suddenly she turned back to Joe and
  with blushing bright cheeks said, "I hope I didn't embarrass you. I should
  have dressed in the bathroom. I'm a single girl, not used to having strange
  men around." 
 Joe blushed back, assuring Lena that it was OK. Wondering if Lena was really
  embarrassed or merely showing off her magnificent body to him. He intended
  to find out.  
  Lena emerged fifteen minutes later looking even more radiant chiming, "How
  do I look?" 
  Curtsied a little and beamed when Joe complimented her. 
  
  Joe completed his grooming in fifteen minutes and the couple was off.  
  They drove in Lena's Audi conversable to their New World site, stopping to
  get a quick breakfast and some aspirin for Joe's now pounding head. 
  
  The site was small with only two buildings; a well cared for modern large brick
    house and a large Quonset style hut. The grounds around the house were well-tended
    green lawn while the Quonset hut was amid rough brush with a walkway to the
    door. 
  Lena led Joe into the house, where he was introduced to the other principals
  of New World Trading, by Paul and group chatted amicably for a while. 
  An accountant brought out the books and proceed to make his presentation. Joe
  listened, not really knowing what the guy was talking about. He was no accountant. 
  Joe eventually convinced the execs, to let him tour their facility despite
  their many excuses and reasons for him not to do so, at that time. 
  Led by Paul, Joe and the self-designated tour guide, Lena, set off to the hut. 
 As the door opened, Joe herd screaming and saw two men whipping a suspended
  girl. 
  The men stopped immediately but the girl continued to cry. 
  Joe scanned the room and quickly focused on three piles of thrashing pink brown
  skin. 
  There were nude girls rolling around in bundles of squirming arms, legs, torso
  and other body parts. When he could finally look away from the body piles he
  could see two couples in intimate embrace and two or three girl masturbating.
  They appeared to be young teens ranging in age from about fifteen to twenty
  years old. 
 Lena was apologizing and Paul was yelling at the men. Lena pulled Joe out
  the door, while Paul stayed to lecture the guards. Joe assured them that it
  was no big deal and that, on a farm, one couldn't control all the animals,
  all the time. He asked to be permitted to examine the meat girls but Paul resisted
  and begged for the opportunity to prepare things so that he could do his inspection
  the next day. Lena kept Joe busy for the rest of the day, treating him to sumptuous
  seafood diner at a nearby posh restaurant. 
 Lena drove Joe back to the resort asking if he wanted her to have dinner
  with him and later go out. Joe begged off, saying he was tired and wanted to
  turn in early, cautioning Lena to make sure no more girls would be sent over
  for his enjoyment. 
  None were and Joe did turn in early. 
 Lena picked up Joe the next morning and this time; he did make his tour
  of the Quonset hut. The guards were in neat uniforms and the girls were clean
  and groomed, dressed in brief white slips. Lena undressed them, as Joe did
  his meat girl examination taking care to do a totally professional job; rubbing
  where needed, pinching lightly, here and there, weighing breasts and ass cheeks,
  checking the elasticity and firmness of skin, in various places, etc; not doing
  tests that were unnecessary or overtly sexual in nature. He was sure Lena was
  impressed. He didn't think anything was out of the ordinary. They were representative
  of the stock sent north, earlier. His only lasting impressions were of a cute
  baby-faced, blonde girl with blue eyes and a pixie-like, Latin sprite with
  a big smile. 
  
  The rest of the week was equally uneventful. Joe's only concern was a nagging
    feeling that he was missing something important. There were only twenty girls
    in the hut and Paul had earlier mentioned a shipment of six girls was being
    prepared for shipment, north and since the spectacles and festivals seem
    to consume about eight to ten meat girls, each time, there seemed to be shortage.
    Paul had tried to explain that their main ranching facility was further inland,
    requiring days to get to, because of the poor roads. It was an effective
    and cheap security arrangement and one of reasons that they could supply
    such high quality meat girls at such a low price. Joe was buying that reasoning
    for now but he intended to nose around some more. 
  
  Lena played guide all week and by Thursday they were inseparable. The ate all
    their meals together, in expensive restaurants with Lena always picking up
    the tab, saying the company was paying and it was on her expense account.
    They never went to a restaurant that served girl meat and when Joe suggested
    one, Lena always had a better beef place or chicken place or a seafood place.
    They did the nightlife like courting couple and they made love every night.
    Lena also stayed every night. Their lovemaking was, as before, passionate
    but gentle and caring. They celebrated each other sensuality and sexuality.
    They probed each other's bodies to find new ways to please each other and
    reach new heights of ecstasy. Joe was falling in love and he was sure Lena
    was too. 
  
  As the week came to close Joe agreed to pass on a favourable report or as he
    put it "a report showing no serious problems or barriers to a long term agreement".
    The execs were satisfied and presented him with a ticket to the final festival. 
  Joe was disappointed there weren't two tickets; he would have liked to take
  Lena. When he asked if she was going, she turned away, so Joe didn't pursue
  the subject. Perhaps she's angry because she wasn't invited, he thought.   
Then he remembered that Lena didn't want to talk about the last spectacle
  either. 
  Lena left, right after they arose, Saturday morning, and bid Joe have a good
  time. 
  When Joe asked if they were to dine together after the festival or if he could
  meet her later, she declined saying she had previous plans. Joe wondered if
  he had once again received a Trojan horse from New World Trading. 
  
   Let the Games Begin 
     
 Joe arrived about a half hour early for the final extravaganza in the series
  of resort festivals. Paul had told him earlier that this was to be a Roman
  style girl gladiator fight, to the death. He also mentioned that if Joe wished,
  he could sample the offerings of the warriors but the demand for those pleasuring
  sessions was extremely popular and the bidding would be high. Paul said he
  wished he could afford it, because from all accounts, when the meat girl was
  told that in a few hour, her girl meat would be digesting in the patron's stomach,
  her ultimate destiny fulfilled, she responded by going into a frenzy of lust
  and passion, producing an orgasmic experience, unrivalled by any other.  
  He said that the rumour was that the bids for the final coupling with the Warrior
  Queen, the meat girl that had been pleasured the most and at the highest prices
  for her charms, had reached a record, especially since the evening had been
  set aside for the participants to prepare themselves for their starring performances.
  Moreover, the rumor was that the Warrior Queen had always been masked during
  the lovemaking and was believed to be Crista. 
  
  Joe thought, "This must be some event, the traffic around the pleasuring tents
  is still frenzied, I'm glad Lena was such an accommodating partner for me,
  last night or I might be in line to." 
  
  In due course, five women entered the court, escorted by four Amazons and followed
    a bevy of cute nymphets. The women wore black girl meat leather, semi-cut
    push-up bras that allowed for a full display of their rouged nipples. In
    some a cases, the bright pink of the woman's tits was the only thing that
    differentiated that woman's nipples from the other nipples that studded their
    bras. They wore black meat girl leather aprons that barely covered their
    pubic areas and left their asses fully uncovered. The aprons were studded
    with tanned leather dolcette cunts carefully spread open to display their
    maximum finery. Paul whispered to Joe, "I bet those costumes the warriors
    are wearing will start a bidding war." 
 The women wore gladiator style helmets that hid their faces. 
  Amongst the four Amazons, Joe recognized Ilsa and Sonya. 
  The nymphets were all devastatingly cute, with innocent baby faces and masses
  of long curly blonde hair highlighted with brown steaks. They wore short unblemished
  white togas that hung to just under their bare shaven cunts and left a plump
  white breast bare. Their nipples also shone of bright red colouring. 
 The group paraded to the altar and arrayed themselves into position, with
  a warrior maiden standing directly in front of the altar, at its mid point,
  and the other warrior maidens standing in two pairs in front of her, widely
  spaced. The nymphets stood in a casual line at the back of the altar. The Amazons
  took up positions forming a box around the other females. 
 The same crier that had presided over The Hunt came out and sang out, "We
  thank for sharing in our festival and pray that our efforts will entertain
  you and sate your appetites and passions." 
"Let the games begin" The horns and trumpets blared. 
"In keeping with out customs we will now make our offering to our lord creator." 
"Please bring the appointed one to the altar." Two Amazons strode over to one
of the nymphets and stripped off her toga, leaving her nude except for her white
high heel shoes." The Amazons dragged the struggling nymphet to the altar and
bound her, spread-eagled, across it. Then Amazons resumed their positions. 
"This chosen one was the beauty that pleased us most during the week with her
youthfulness, beauty and talents. The Gods rejoice at our sacrifice, at giving
such a one to them." 
"For the next two hours any of you that so desire can offer their vital fluids
to the Gods, using the chosen one as a vehicle. Let the virgins act as our intermediaries." 
"First, let us initiate the virgins."  
  
  Four handsome men, including Saul, marched out, clad in gladiator uniforms,
    carrying padded backless chairs. The warrior maidens assisted the men, blowing
    them until all had erections and putting condoms on the penises. The men
    then walked over to one of the nymphets, cradled her in his arms and carried
    her back to the chair, placing her in a spread-eagle position. The warrior
    maidens kissed their nymphets in turn; and then the men began their brutal
    assaults on the cunts of the little cuties. The girls thrashed and screamed
    as if in agony, noisily climaxing with a loud shrill ear-piercing scream
    of pain and pleasure. The men flipped the nymphets over and brutalized their
    anuses, in the same manner, with the same results. As the men withdrew, the
    nymphets could be seen to be quietly sobbing. A bevy of young cherubs, naked
    except for rings of white lace around their ankles and wrists, all showing
    bright pink fully engorged large nipples on small budding breasts, entered
    carrying basins of water and towels. 
 Upon their arrivals, at the various chairs, the warrior maidens undressed
  their nymphets, some wiping away tears, some kissing their girls and then,
  as one, the warrior maidens wiped the chairs with the nymphets gowns and waved
  the clearly blood stained garments, like flags to the audience. The audience
  cheered even through they all knew the nymphets had not been virgins and, indeed,
  many of onlookers had enjoyed the sexual favors of their favorite cutie during
  the weeklong build up to this festival. The warrior maidens then cleaned the
  sweet young beauties, making a show of sensuality and sexuality, in all that
  they did. The sounds of lovemaking wafted through the air through the coliseum
  sound system.  
 As the cleansing of the nymphets neared completion, the crier called out, "Offerings
  can now be made." And he pointed to four tent pavilions, sided with sheer curtains. 
  
  Each warrior maiden picked up her nymphet and cradled the nymphet in her arms.
    The nymphets were carried to the pavilions and placed inside. Where upon,
    men and women began to enter the tents and could be seen, in silhouette,
    to be having sex with the nymphets. As the first person to finish left a
    pavilion, a warrior maiden stationed at that pavilion, entered the tent and
    emerge cradling the nymphet in her arms. The little nymphet was taken to
    the altar and placed upon it, her legs were spread and the Warrior Queen
    penetrated the girl's cunt with a dildo and then took the glistening wet
    dildo and inserted it into the vagina of the spread-eagled sacrificial offering.
    The beautiful sacrificial offering arched her back to force the thrust of
    the dildo deeply into her cunt and let out aloud moan of pleasure. After
    thrusting the dildo in and out of the sacrificial offering, a few times,
    the dildo was returned to spot on the altar from which it had been taken.
    In the meantime, one of the adolescent cherubs cleaned the nymphet and the
    warrior maiden returned the nymphet to her pavilion to accept another offering. 
 This procedure was repeated for the allotted two hours. 
 The crier announced that the period for offering gifts to the Gods had ended. 
  The warrior maidens carried back their nymphets to their chairs and the nymphets
    were cleaned sensually and erotically by the adolescent cherubs. As the cherubs
    withdrew, the women reassembled at their posts. 
 The crier announced that the warrior maidens and the nymphets would be allowed
  to show their gratitude to the chosen one for her gift, to all of them. 
  An orgy of female lust and passion ensured. An ever-mounting crescendo of carnal
  ecstasy, accompanied a riotous display of ever moving, ever rubbing breasts,
  asses, arms legs pussies and all other female parts. 
  After a half hour, the crier announced that the period for giving thanks was
  over. The females all returned to their appointed positions without delay. 
  
  The crier announced that the time had come for the chosen one to be made into
    food for the Gods. 
"Our chosen one will be made into divine sustenance for our Creators. And that
we might all partake of her blessed flesh.  
  She will be raised to her heaven, in an ecstasy of love. 
  To guide her on this quest, our noble Warrior Queen will use all her inexhaustible
  lusts and passions. 
  And the handmaidens, of the chosen one, will accompany her on her journey to
  her ultimate orgasm." 
 The nymphets were then moved, by the warrior maidens, to the corners of
  the altar and nooses placed over their heads. The hanging ropes were attached
  to scaffold rods that had been pulled out of the altar corners and extended
  so that their end points were well away from the altar.  
 In the meantime the Warrior Queen was doing a sensual highly erotic strip.
  Finally she was nude, except for her black girl meat leather thigh boots and
  her helmet. The Warrior Queen climbed the altar and flagrantly displayed her
  body. She continued to rub her breasts and pussy, sensuously and erotically,
  until all the nymphets were secured to their nooses and being held, by the
  warrior maidens. 
 It could be Crista thought Joe, "The body did looked similar but the breasts
  were a fuller, bigger. And, the body was smooth and unblemished with no freckles.
  But her breasts could have been pumped up with meat girl breast milk and she
  could be in body makeup." 
 The Warrior Queen moved her masked helmet away from her mouth, a little,
  and knelt to kiss the chosen one, a sloppy moist passionate French kiss. This
  was the signal for the altar to rise. As the altar began to rise, the Warrior
  Queen began to make love with the chosen one. A loving sensual display of licking,
  gentle sucking formed a counterpoint to the taut ropes lifting the nymphets
  off the ground, by their throats. Soft moans and sighs of pleasure intermixed
  with choking sounds and forced muted screams. 
  One nymphet was even holding the rope to relax the noose but she was pulled
  back sharply, by her warrior. The other three nymphs let their arms hang unbound,
  at their sides. 
  
  But, almost everyone's attention was focused on the two females atop the altar. 
  The Warrior Queen was now a frenzied whirlwind moving all over and all around.
  Into and out of all the sexual parts of the sacrificial offering and the young
  beauty seemed totally gone, moaning loudly and writhing in ecstasy. Methodologically
  the warrior attacked the clitoris, ass hole and the vagina to induce the tiny
  thing to spasmodic clitoral, anal and G-stop ORGASMS. The wild woman rubbed
  her pussy over the subdued girl for what seemed an eternity, finally grunting
  with the satisfaction of her orgasm. 
  The warrior moved her mask aside, again, and kissed the nymphet, tenderly,
  telling the chosen one that it was time to fulfill her destiny and become the
  food of Gods and all mortal men. 
 Those close enough, could see a radiant smile break over the face of the
  radiant CHOSEN ONE. 
 As one of four hung nymphets gurgled, the Warrior Queen rose and masturbated
  herself to her G-spot climax. She belted on a strap-on dildo and mounted the
  chosen one in sexual penetration. The little chosen one arched to engulf the
  hard thrust and pulled it deep inside her. The two continued in a wild display
  of deep thrusts noticeably climaxing. Then the Warrior Queen wrapped hand around
  the sacrificial offering and began to violently strangle the little girl. The
  chosen one responded with frenzied writhing and bucking around the dildo until
  her body convulsed in spasm and she slumped motionless. The Warrior Queen continued
  choking and fucking violently. Joe thought out loud, "Well if that isn't Crista,
  she would have loved that performance." 
 Finally the Warrior Queen stopped; put her hand over the heart of the petit
  girl and rose atop the altar tearing off her helmet and mask yelling as loudly
  as she could, "Our Chosen one is now meat!" The crowd broke in to pandemonium. 
 It was Crista in all her glory. 
  
  Crista was helped down from the altar by two Amazons. The Amazons now followed
    her to the front of the altar where a casual line formed with Crista in the
    middle flanked on either side by two warrior maidens. The Amazons were positioned
    one step back, at both ends. 
 The crier stepped out into the limelight to announce the rules of this contest. 
 "Our warriors maidens will battle in one-on-one combat for our entertainment.
  They will be paired off into fighting couples, by lot. The winners of the two
  matches will then fight each other. The Warrior Queen will be spared the inconvenience
  of these two preliminary rounds and she will then fight that winner. A prize
  will be awarded to the winner, at our whim." 
 "The fights will be done using fists and short blades to incapacitate one's
  opponent. 
  Incapacity of a warrior will be finalized upon presentation of a token, placed
  in each warrior's vagina, to our priest." He pointed to the man in red robes. 
"Should a token dislodge itself from a vagina, the maiden may reposition it or
the adversary try to take it. However, to win a match, one must both incapacitate
one's opponent and retain her token for presentation to our holy father. 
  There is to be a time limit of fifteen minutes after which the contest will
  crease. At that time a token taken from an opponent by any means, will be sufficient
  to win that match. In all other situations the winner will be chosen by the
  sound of the crowd. 
  The audience may, at any time, disqualify a combatant by din of their voices.  
  Violations of the rules will also be subject to disqualification." 
 "All losers are to be spitted alive, for live roasting, as meat, in the
  BBQ pits. 
  All bodies of losers must be deemed to meet strict standards, as set by our
  chefs 
  Injury to the flesh or cutting of skin are amongst the many prohibitions that
  you all have been previously warned of. 
  If the body is deemed unsuitable the victor will be disqualified and the result
  will be reversed. 
  Good fortune to all." 
 The pairs were set and the two pairs fought. And although the warrior maidens
  fought with zeal and enthusiasm, the audience was bored. They knew the outcome
  was meaningless. All four women would likely go to the roasting pit, at least
  three them, this round and although the women were beautiful, there was little
  of interest was being accomplished, except the toughening of their flesh. Most
  of them preferred to relive the last act in their minds or watch the nymphets
  expire. Those little beauties were going to succulent and tender. 
 Some watched as the blonde hair was removed from a little nymphet. She had
  expired and her wig was no longer necessary. The only decorations that, now,
  mattered to this girl meat were her breasts, ass and cunt; for which some diners
  would pay a fortune 
 Finally two of the warriors had been eliminated. One had been knocked on
  the head senseless. OK, since the bump was hidden by her dark hair. And, the
  other, a busty blonde, had been choked into unconsciousness without killing
  her.   
&nbsp; 
  The bodies of the fallen were displayed to the crowd. The crowd came alive
    as the spitting carts rolled in and after a transit of the small arena, the
    Amazons restrained the busty blond and vivacious brunette, to racks along
    side the spitting carts. The fallen warrior maidens had been tied to the
    racks, spread-eagled, and the racks sloped so that their lush bodies were
    easy to see. Warrior maidens were generally older than most meat girls. They
    tended to have better developed bodies, which, with the fattening process,
    bloomed into very full figured, chubby, soft bodies. Their fat content was
    much higher; offering more marbled flesh to somewhat offset their tougher
    texture. 
 Older meat girls, with such beautiful faces were often plucked from the
  processing line at the smokehouses to be used in spectacles, such as The Games,
  and their girl meat was usual cooked in a manner to match the flesh of their
  younger, more tender sisters. They were immensely popular in BBQ pit restaurants
  where they flesh was slow cooked till it fell of the bone. 
  And, that was to be the fate of these two beauties. They would be turned to
  girl meat on spit and slowly roasted for hours, to satisfy late night dinners
  in one of the Resort's after hours cafes. 
 The meat girls had to be put on the spit quickly. Their vanquishers immediately
  set to work cleaning the lush full bodies, to the disappointment of the crowd,
  more for efficiency than lust. The little cherubs, who were helping, did add
  some passion and lust but they were usually pushed aside, before things could
  develop. Pleasuring of the meat girls was almost nonexistent, as the two victorious
  warriors wanted to prepare to battle each other. 
 Amazons were called upon to do the gutting and spitting for fear that a
  hasty spitting would kill the meat girls and maybe even ruin the flavor of
  the meat 
 This time, crowd would see a gutting in full view, brutally carried out.
  An Amazon ripped opened the body cavity without mercy and yanked out handfuls
  of intestine throwing them to the ground. A hose appeared to wash out the gristly
  remains. A container of a compound was used to seal bleeders and the cavity
  walls. The moaning, which followed the screams of anguish when the knife first
  penetrated, were a sign that the process had been done successful.  
 Two Amazons successfully helped each other; first the Amazons woman-handled
  the blonde to the spiting cart; then restrained her in the proper position
  and finally thrusting the tip of the pole out the mouth, without causing damage
  to the heart or lungs. 
 The other two Amazons similarly spitted the brunette. 
 Moments after the spitted girl meat was taken off, to the roasting pits,
  by attendants and spitting carts moved away, the third match began. It was
  an uninspired shoving and pushing match that only reached the intensity of
  a roll in the sand. The warriors were already exhausted. The crowd booed and
  then one of the warriors stood tall while the other lay in a pile at her feet. 
 This time the Amazons did the cleansing and spitting trying to make look
  like they were assisting the Eurasian winner. Sonya even managed to eject some
  sexual heat into the action with a hot tongue attack on the meat girl's breasts
  and cunt that climaxed with the red haired Amazon thrusting her open hand into
  the ass of the meat girl, to the meat girl's ear-splitting screaming return
  to reality. The crowd loved that and roared. 
 As that third meat girl was taken away, the crier announced the final match.
  He announced that the warriors would honour one another, a final time, as Crista
  stripped off hers few garments and the other warrior meekly followed. Then
  Crista attacked, in a violent sexual assault of female rape. When Crista brushed
  away the meat girl's attempts to ward her off, Crista used that, as a sign
  that she could violate any part of the meat girl's body at her will. She went
  after the breasts and cunt mercilessly, stopping only when a trickle of blood
  flowed. Crista attacked the meat girl's vagina with her breast until streams
  of breast milk, mixed with vaginal blood were, messily, evident. 
  Sitting aside the fallen body, Crista ground her pussy into the meat girl's
  tits, breasts and thighs, finally yelling out in orgasmic pleasure, astride
  the meat girl's big white ass. 
  Her crowd was cheering in pandemonium as Crista stood up in triumph. 
 As the other warrior staggered to her feet, the crier started giving his
  introduction for the last match. Then the meat girl wobbled and fell back down.
  The crier stopped and gazed at the two women and announced, "The contest has
  been decided. The winner is our Warrior Queen Crista". A chant of "Crista,
  Crista" rose threw the crowd, standing in all her nude splendor, Crista beamed. 
 Ilsa and Sonya rushed out to secure the fallen meat girl to the rack and
  they quickly cleaned the moaning meat girl. Crista seemed distracted, letting
  the audience know that she felt cleaning her victim was beneath her, but when
  Sonya, with a sly grin on her face, began licking the meat girl's tits, Crista
  pushed the Amazon away, coyly and gently licking and then sucking the same
  nipple. Crista softly sucked the other nipple and then gently kissed her way
  to the meat girl's red streaked pussy. She stopped to nip the tip of the clitoris
  and suck the labia. She pushed a single finger up the cunt and then withdrew
  the finger. She rose up and gently kissed the lips of the meat girl's mouth
  and then turned away. The crowd was stunned and quiet. 
 Then Crista pointed to the spitting table, motioning where she wanted it.
  She directed Ilsa and Sonya on to arrange the meat girl on to the cart, into
  the classic spitting position with the ass high and the head resting on the
  edge. Crista made a show of completely examining everything was proper and
  to her satisfaction. She got a damp towel and wiped the whole body. At one
  point she tweaked a nipple and then, discovering that no milk would flow, she
  got tub, through out the water and milked her own big nipples. After about
  fifteen minutes, during which she ignored the crowd, she got out the syringes
  and began pumping her breast milk into the tits of the meat girl.  
 She got the biggest bowl she could see and then assembled a few other containers;
  bringing them to the spitting table. She got her knives and honed them dramatically.
  With the chef knife, the blonde vixen smoothly cut open the belly. The knife
  was so sharp and the cut so smooth that the meat girl did not react. The guts
  were unceremoniously dumped into the large tub and the body cavity treated
  to minimize the damage. 
 Crista surveyed her work and smiled. 
 She motioned for Amazons to rejoin her with the spitting pole. 
  Shortly after cleaning the anal aperture, with exaggerated care, Crista thrust
    the pole into the meat girl's body cavity and slowly pushed until she met
    resistance. She stopped, had Sonya hold the end of the pole and checked the
    body cavity, reaching in to make minute correction of the path of the pole,
    while directing Sonya. Finally, Crista returned to the ass and pushed the
    pole until it emerged from the meat girl's mouth. Her voice rang out as Crista
    announced, "Now she is meat". 
 Applause and cheers rang out. 
 Crista curtsied and departed the arena to her fans' cheers. 
 After the applause abated, the crier announced, "Queen of the Warrior Maidens,
  Crista has been invited to join our glorious Amazon guard.  
 She thanks all.  
 She would love to make her body and soul available to all of you. She asks
  that you enjoy the pleasures and passion she has for all of you." 
 Joe, along with a multitude of others, grabbed at his cell phone to put
  in his bid for a pleasure session with Crista.  
    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DolSade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





