BDSM Library - Alone in Kirsten's Apartment




Alone in Kirsten's Apartment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julia lands a dream job with a top fashion lingerie house that leads her into a life of beautiful women and daring sexual exploits. In this autobiographical short story, Julia explores her sexuality alone, daring to deny herself orgasmic gratification.Julia lands a dream job with a top fashion lingerie house that leads her
  into a life of beautiful women and daring sexual exploits. In this autobiographical
  short story, Julia explores her sexuality alone, daring to deny herself orgasmic
  gratification. 
Alone in Kirsten's apartment  
I left the offices at about 5:00, my head full of ideas and images of the
  day. I decided to walk back to Kirsten's apartment and picked up some food
  from a corner store nearby. I was looking forward to a quiet evening on my
  own after the excitement of the first days of my new job. I put my feet up
  and ate Chinese-style ribs with stir-fried mixed vegetables in front of the
  TV. Fancying an early night I showered and slipped on the short satin nightie
  I had bought the day before. For a moment I thought of sleeping in Kirsten's
  bed but chastised myself for taking advantage of my new friend's hospitality,
  my mind flitting back to my feelings of guilt when I opened her box of 'toys'.
  Instead, I climbed into my own sofabed and fell asleep immediately. 
I woke suddenly in the middle of the night and tried to orientate myself.
  I must have been dreaming and in the darkness I imagined I was back at school
  in the dormitory and I felt incredibly sexy. My head was full of images of
  the last 3 days during which I had been doing my best to suppress my sexual
  feelings and had enjoyed the excitement of denying myself the gratification
  of sexual fulfilment. But not now. My short satin nightie had ridden up to
  my waist and I was laying flat on my back, my pulsating pussy pointing skywards
  trying to draw attention to itself. My slightest movement caused the duvet
  to rub across the curls of my blonde pubic hair and my tight belly. My nipples
  were so aroused they felt like they were on fire. I lay still with my arms
  by my sides, trying to put out of my mind the beautiful women I had watched
  modelling sensual lingerie. 
Grasping the bottom edge of my short nightie I pulled it up over my head
  in one fluid movement and discarded it on the floor. The sudden rush of cool
  air caused my nipples to pucker and harden, the fire replaced by an intense,
  delicious throbbing. 
Foolishly I wondered if, maybe, if I just touched my nipples a little, that
  would be enough to ease my heightened state or arousal? I moved my hands to
  my breasts and cupped them at the sides, lifting them so as to ease the tension
  and I heard myself let out a soft moan. Allowing my middle fingers to slide
  slowly upwards, I started to circle my areole. They were small and tight as
  most of the dark skin had pulled taught and upwards to form erect buds that
  craved my caress and I was unable to resist. 
With shaking hands I touched my nipples and a bolt of energy shots through
  my body. I gasped out loud, grateful that Kirsten is not in the room to hear
  me. Slowly and deliberately I rolled my teats between my middle fingers and
  thumbs and wave after wave of tingling, stimulating, pulsating passion washed
  over me. 
How I ever thought this would satisfy me and help me sleep I do not know!
  My whole torso was alive. I felt wide awake and alert to my intense arousal,
  more intense than I could ever remember, as my head swam with images of gorgeous
  women dressed in sumptuously sexy underwear.  
I couldn't stop my hands from leaving my aching breasts and sliding down
  my smooth, tense body, rib-by-rib and then inexorably down past my navel. As
  I neared the seat of my fire my breathing quickened and I kicked off the duvet.
  I felt the first curls of my pubic hair on my fingertips as they started to
  climb the prominent hill of my rounded Mound of Venus. 
I spread my legs wide in the vain hope that the cool night air might quench
  my desire but instead I heard the glorious, squelchy sound of soft, moist flesh
  parting. Attempting to dull the sensations I pulled my knees up to my chest
  and clasped the soft insides of my thighs with my hands. 
I realised that an orgasm was now inevitable. Subconsciously I had already
  decided to masturbate myself to a climax even though I could not pinpoint the
  exact moment when I made that choice. Maybe there never was such a moment or
  maybe I had already passed that point even before I woke up. I'd never before
  enjoyed such intense, powerful feelings of arousal, not even with a man and
  not certainly on my own. So, was it being in the company of sexy, gorgeous
  women? Kirsten, Rachel, Charlotte, even the slightly older, fuller-figured
  form of Emma, I found them all attractive in different ways. My mind swam luxuriously
  in the deeply erotic feelings that washed over me as I focussed on the faint
  beginnings of the orgasm that was quietly beckoning, promising untold pleasure
  and then total, sleep-inducing relaxation.  
But I was enjoying myself too much. I was in no hurry to reach my now inevitable
  climax. I wanted to enjoy the journey. In fact, I wondered if it would indeed
  be 'better to travel in hope than to arrive". 'Just how long could I stretch
  this out?' I wondered. Just how intense could my arousal become, before I would
  lose control and come? For how long could I both stimulate myself and yet at
  the same time, deny myself sweet release? What if I lost interest became tired
  and lost the moment: a frustrating anti-climax? Or might I actually pass out
  first? 
Fuck, fuck, fuck, I felt so horny! Still holding my knees up to my chest,
  I made small circling movements with my fingers on the soft flesh of my inner
  thighs, causing muscle spasms to tighten in my legs. I could feel the heat
  of my sex as I slowly moved my fingers onto my outer labia. I was shocked to
  find how swollen they were. I pulled my pussy wide apart and felt my inner
  lips peel open. In the dark silence of the room I heard the sticky moistness
  of my cunt-juices as my gash opened, allowing the air to lap at my tunnel. 
I moved my fingers up a little onto my Mound-of-Venus, level with the top
  of my slit, and pulled upwards. I felt my hood slide over my clit, exposing
  it to the imagined stares of an appreciative audience, the absent women who
  had recently and so unexpectedly entered my life. The nub of my clit hardened
  and grew as my fertile imagination slipped into overdrive. It seemed to take
  on identity all of its own as it throbbed between my legs and begged for me
  to touch it, but I resisted, wallowing in the beautiful sensations of agonising
  arousal. My breasts were hot and I could feel the hardness of my nipples pressing
  into my knees. I rubbed my legs over them, sending delicious sensations through
  my upper body. The lighter I grazed across them, the harder they grew until
  the heat of my blood pulsing through them became almost unbearable yet shockingly
  enjoyable. 
I hooked a long, manicured fingernail over each of my inner labia and parted
  them further. My juices ran over my fingertips, down into the sensitive clefts
  where my fingers meet and then onto my palms. I massaged my wetness into my
  thighs then poised a single, probing finger just above the entrance to my open,
  waiting vagina. Simultaneously I positioned the corresponding finger of my
  other hand within reach easy of my tingling clit, ready to deliver the stimulation
  that would bring me to climax within an instant. 
And I waited. 
The anticipation was electrifying and I cried out in frustration as I denied
  myself the release I craved. My clit ached so much I thought I might come just
  from those sensations alone but in reality, I did not want to come. Not yet.
  I was intoxicated by the feelings deep inside as my body shook uncontrollably.
  I was on cloud 9. 
I stretched out and straightened my legs, parting them as wide as possible
  and found that, by alternately tensing and relaxing the muscles in the groin
  I could intensify the sensations in my pussy. I desperately wanted to squeeze
  my breasts and rub my nipples, but prevented myself by clasping my arms above
  my head. The sensations were indescribable as all of the most sensitive parts
  of my body screamed for finger-contact, but my mind said no. 
My nipples burned with desire. Even without touching them I knew they were
  harder than they had ever been before and, looking down at them in the faint
  glow of the street-lights outside, I could see how hugely erect they had grown.
  Almost obscenely, abnormally so. Shit! How I wanted to suck them into my mouth,
  to lick them with my tongue and bite on them. I could have if I had cupped
  my breasts and lifted them to my face with my hands. But I didn't. Instead
  I focussed on the unbelievably powerful sensations as my teats continued to
  throb and grow even more erect, such that I could hardly stand the intensity
  of their arousal. But I didn't touch them. 
The sensations in my pussy were at least as strong, competing for my attention.
  Cunt juice oozed from my vagina in pulses and trickled down between my arse-cheeks
  as I voluntarily contracted and relaxed my muscles. Rocking my pelvis slightly
  I found I could stimulate my clit ever so slightly as its hood slid over its
  engorged prot&eacute;g&eacute;; enough to keep me perilously close to orgasm
  but insufficiently to tip me over the edge. Fantastic. 
Slowly, the feelings ebbed a little, enough for me to dare to touch myself
  without fear of coming instantly. I lifted and spread my knees and brought
  my feet together so my pussy gaped wide, exposing my clit and causing it to
  beg for attention. Steeling myself, I resisted the temptation to frig my aching
  bud and instead I moved my hands only as far as my breasts. I jumped as my
  palms grazed over rock-like nipples as large and long and hard as the tips
  of my little fingers. I allowed myself to pinch them and roll them, then I
  pulled them out and let go, enjoying the rush as they returned to shape and
  stood to attention like soldiers obediently awaiting their next mission. It
  didn't come, and neither did I. 
Placing my hands between my parted knees, I started a slow upward journey
  towards my mound. When they reached my perineum they encountered a slippery
  pool of my seeping, warm juices that moistened them and made it even easier
  for me to slide them onwards and upwards, slowly but steadily.  
I spread my legs as wide as I could, using gravity to help open my labia
  wider than they have ever opened in my life. I moved my fingertips as far as
  my gaping vagina and found that I could easily slip both of my index fingers
  into its soft entrance. I moved them apart, stretching my hot, supple flesh,
  opening wider the door to my inner self. I felt absolutely, totally immersed
  in the anticipation of my self-induced pleasure. 
I quickly slipped my fingers out of my tunnel entrance and massaged my hugely
  swollen inner labial lips, rubbing my juices into the smooth, fascinating and
  complex layers as I explored their soft, warm flesh. Then I moved on. I slid
  them up and around the outside of the delicate hood that tried in vain to protect
  my clit from my fingers' slow, inexorable advance. Then, shaking uncontrollably,
  I squeezed my fingers down and together, pressing my wet, slippery hood over
  my engorged, erect clitoris. I cried out like I don't remember crying out before
  as I felt my climax approaching. My mind was thinking of only one thing now
  as I desperately craved the release and fulfilment that I needed so badly. 
I paused. 
During the last 3 days I had actually enjoyed the thrill of denied orgasm
  and had spurned the quick satisfaction of casual masturbation. But now I was
  frantic. Just how long could I hold off my final release? I moved my hands
  away from my clit and concentrated hard. My throat was dry, my breathing was
  harsh and shallow and my mind was a blur. "Shit! Oh NO! Please, Please PLEASE!" I
  cried out in the dark. My pussy pulsed and quivered as the sensations rose,
  plateaued, then subsided just a fraction. 
Again and again I pressed my hood down over my clit, the warm, moist flesh
  teasing the aching bundle of nerve-endings between my thighs, and each time
  I pulled back from the brink. Once I almost left it too late, bringing myself
  perilously close to the edge of the precipice of orgasm. I lay perfectly still
  and teetered on the brink. I could have let go and, in a fraction of a second,
  have plunged into the deep canyon of total pleasure and satisfaction, but I
  fought back my most powerful primal, animal instincts.  
How long could I lie here, motionless? Have I gone so far that the feelings
  would not subside? Maybe never! Will the rest of my life be lived permanently
  on the edge of orgasm but cruelly unable to climax? Or could I take myself
  the rest of the way just by my thoughts alone? Yet more images of the fantastically
  attractive women I had met, dressed in the most supremely and impossibly sexy
  underwear imaginable, flashed through my mind's eye as I managed my arousal. 
Delighted by my ability to take total control of my sexuality, I rubbed my
  clit frantically with the middle finger of my right hand. Every few strokes
  I slipped my finger back into my vulva to draw fresh lubricant back up to my
  clitoris so that I could slide my finger ever more lightly and excruciatingly
  over its swollen, aching surface. As I approached the climax that I deserved,
  I slowed almost to a stop one last time and savoured the delightful tease as
  I extracted maximum enjoyment from the perfect moment. The crescendo that welled
  up inside me seemed to take forever to peak until, finally, I allowed myself
  to tip over the edge into a massive, crashing, screaming, quivering orgasm.
  Brilliant! 
****************************************************** 
This is part of a much longer story I have been developing over the last
  2 years. Please review this extract so I know whether to post the rest (it's
  about 150,000 words in total). It gets much more raunchy, exploring lesbian
  voyeurism and exhibitionism, erotic lingerie, bondage, machines, mild female
  domination, piercings and more but is all (reasonably) safe and consensual.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  juliejulia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





