BDSM Library - All Together




All Together
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When several beautiful girlfriends had left him for someone else, he decided to date several women at the same time. Step by step he makes it out with three women and they all decide to move in with him, where he is their master.
ALL TOGETHER
(M/f, M/f+, Home, romantic, Light)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I was the 35 year old looser trying to make it out with beautiful women but all the time I lost 
them in the end. For 15 years I've been together with 4 women, having a niece time, still they 
left me for someone else. That's when I made my decision that it was not my destiny. I slowly 
came up with the idea of being together with a woman that needed me more than I need her. 
To be on the safe side I decided not to stick with one woman, but to have more than one at the 
same time. They didn't have to be beautiful either so it was no problem if they were 
overweight or had something else that wasn't in their favour.

The first woman I came in contact with was Marie. I found her by an ad on the contact pages 
where I asked for "a woman that needs a man no matter what. You don't have to be perfect 
but you have to be curious and brave". I met her at a restaurant where we had a dinner. By the 
end of the dinner I told her:
- You are nice woman that I would like to know more, but there is something I must tell you 
from the beginning. Are you ready?
- Yes I am, she replied.
- First of all I have had relationships with other women and I don't want to loose it all again. 
Therefore if you stay with me, you must allow me to be with other women both with and 
without your presence. In return I will not have any hard feelings if you leave me. I can tell 
you though that when I get involved, then it is a true relationship that I am building. What do 
you think about that?
I looked at her and she hesitated, so I added.
- You don't have to give me a definite answer. You can just try to be with me for a little while 
before we go along.
She was still quite and the she asked.
- Okay that was the first thing, what is there more?
- That's true. I have had both great and bad sex with my old girlfriends and with you I want to 
do everything to make it great. To make that possible we must both dress as light as ever 
possible when we are together. When you come to my home you shall therefore only wear a 
blouse and short skirt, no panties or bra underneath. I want to be able to smell your pussy and 
touch you bare tits without any more cloths than necessary in the way.
She looked at me like I was a pervert and that was true. I continued:
- And the third thing is that I am already dating a woman that has agreed upon this, so you are 
welcome to join us.
I wasn't sure if she was about to slap my face and leave the room or if she would accept what 
I offered. I took a couple of minutes before she replied.
- As I haven't got a boyfriend and haven't had for a long time, I want to get together with you. 
Still I haven't shared a boyfriend with another woman or being dressed like you tell me to. I 
do hope that you are sincere and that I can trust you. What I feel right now is that I really like 
you.
I was relieved by her answer. After the dinner I invited her home and as soon as we closed the 
door, I stripped her and fucked her on the floor. She was overweight with shaggy tits, red hair 
and freckles. She wasn't pretty but I could see that there was a potential in her looks if she 
could let me take care of her. Next morning she left and I could take care of my second date 
that was set for two days later. 

I arrived at another restaurant and I met Mary. She was a blond woman also a little bit 
overweight with nice but not beautiful looks. We had our dinner the same way I have had 
with Marie and then I approach my proposal the same way. Mary didn't hesitate the least, 
instead she agreed right away and told me that she really needed someone to be with, even if 
it only was every second or third day. Went back home to me afterwards and I started to tease 
her in the taxi playing with her clit until she came the first time. Then I fucked her from 
behind outside of our house, even if I knew that someone could have seen us. Mary didn't care, 
she was just hot.

Now I had taken the first two steps in my new life. Next step was to get my both girls into a 
routine where they were allowed to visit me every second day. To make the week complete, I 
made sure to have one day on my own to be able to date other women. Marie was first to 
move in and it was nice to see her coming in, wearing a blouse and a short skirt. I walk over 
to her put my hand on one of her tits and she smiled at me. Then I got down on my knees and 
started to kiss her knees and slowly moved up to her pussy and she had no panties as agreed. I 
kissed her pussy and started to lick it to give her an orgasm. When she was done I pulled 
down my panties and as I had no underwear, she could touch my dick. I pushed her down and 
she started to suck me. I place my hands behind her head when I was close to come, to make 
sure that she would swallow my load. As I expected she tried to move away but when she 
realised that I was in command she let go and I shot it straight down her throat. For the rest of 
that day we fucked several times and spent our time naked in front of the TV. I couldn't get 
enough of eating her pussy so I lost count of how many times I licked it and how many times 
she came. Next morning when she left for work I was sure she was pleased being there with 
me.

Later that day it was time for Mary to enter my life and she also came with a blouse and short 
skirt. This time I told her to turn around and bend over as soon as she got in. Then I took out 
my dick and fucked her from behind. After a couple of minutes fucking her pussy I moved 
over to penetrate her ass, to see if she would reject me doing so. By surprise she didn't, 
instead she helped me get it in and she enjoyed me fucking her there and took my load as I 
came. I was surprised of her reaction and I realised that I have found something special in her. 
After that I held her from behind and played with her clit to make her come, standing up. We 
also spent the rest of the evening naked watching TV. Mary was more into sucking so she 
couldn't get enough playing with my dick and take it in her mouth. She loved it when I came 
and she tried to swallow it all. Next morning she left as agreed as she gave me a kiss.

By now the routine of having two women was in place. Next step that I had planned for was 
to let both of them move in and at the same time bring in third woman. I thought that it would 
be easier for me if Marie and Mary could feel that they were both more experienced and that 
they had advantages compared with the new woman. It took two months before I had 
everything in place. Mary was the one I never expected to have any problems with and there 
wasn't. Then with Marie I was not that sure, as she hesitated in the beginning. Now she 
surprised me and really looked forward to move in permanently with me and another woman. 
None of them knew about the new girl as I planned to tell them about it the first night together 
and introduce her to them the day after.

The day Mary and Marie moved in, I had prepared one separate room each for them, so they 
could be alone when the felt like it. I had a huge house with 8 rooms so the space was not a 
problem. Then I invited both of them the first night to stay in the same bed as me and 
after that I was about to choose one woman to sleep with each night, where the choice was 
mine. I had prepared dinner this time but I expected that they would take care of dinners from 
now on. 

Marie came first and I showed her to her new room and she really liked it. Then it didn't take 
long until Mary arrived too. I showed her to her room as well and she was surprised of my 
initiative. Then we went to the dining room for dinner and where  I had prepared a dinner with 
wine for of my ladies. I thought that if the got a little bit drunk, it would be easier to make 
them feel comfortable with the situation. It didn't take long until the ladies talked to each 
other and I guess the liked the company, at least so far. In the middle of the dinner I thanked 
both of them for coming and started to tell them about the new girls:
- Mary and Marie, I am pleased to have you here. It's been a pleasure knowing you and it is 
joy to be able to be with both of you every day. As you know, the two of you are important 
for me now and you will always be. Now as you have moved in, one of you will be the lady 
of the house for a week, responsible for the kitchen and keep the house in order. After that 
week you will change places. In return the one of you not being the lady of the house will be 
assigned the role as the lady of sex, to ensure that we always will enjoy our sex life. I do hope 
you are with me here.
I looked at the ladies and they nodded. I guess they were both a little bit drunk by now so I 
continued.
- And you will always be very important when a new woman comes into the house, where 
you will be the mentor to help out and guide the ones coming in. This is important because 
tomorrow another woman I have met will be moving in.
Once again I looked at the ladies and I realised that they were surprised. Instead of taking a 
discussion I continued
- I have dated a young woman called Mona and I will introduce her to you tomorrow, but until 
then we will have a nice time.
Both Mary and Marie cheered and we all continued to eat, drink and talk. When we were 
finished I ordered Mary to take care of the dishes while I and Marie continued to talk. She 
responded right away, without arguing, and returned to the table when she was done. Then I 
told the ladies. 
- Now it is time for us to enter the bedroom together for the first time. Come with me

We went to the bedroom and I undressed Marie first and kissed her over and over, while Mary 
watched us. Then it was her turn and I did the same thing. When they were naked, I led them 
to the bed and then it was my turn to strip for them. As they were drunk they shouted at me to 
hurry on, they just couldn't wait anymore. When I jumped in bed, both of them started to suck 
my dick and I shot my load in their faces within a couple of minutes. I could see that they 
didn't like it so I kissed them both afterwards and licked the seed of their faces. It was strange 
to taste my own seed but both of them appreciated that I did it. When I was finished I 
continued further down and started to lick their pussies until they both had had one orgasm 
each. After that I had a hard-on again so I came on to of Marie and put my dick in her and started 
to fuck her. As I just had emptied my load on their faces, I knew that I could fuck for a while 
before I was due again. When I had been banging Marie for five minutes, I jumped over to 
Mary and continued for another five minutes. That way I switched places with them for the 
next hour. The longer I continued the more they helped me, so when I fucked Mary, Marie 
touched my back, ass and down to my balls. It was so nice to feel them doing that and it was 
sad that I came in Marie's pussy in the end. After that we all fell asleep.

In the morning all of us had breakfast together and it was nice just being there with my two 
women. Then they got settled in their rooms while I stayed in the living room, resting on the 
sofa naked. I wanted to see how they were about to react on it and as I hoped both of them got 
undressed and after a while they got down beside me. None of them were in good shape but I 
was turned on by their hairy pussies and their big tits. I didn't care that they were a little bit 
fat, because I had been left by skinny girls before. As I never had the opportunity to come in 
Mary last night, I let her ride my dick until I came in her. After that I told her to lie down on 
the sofa so I could lick her clean and so I did. I ate my own cum out of her pussy and gave her 
an orgasm at the same time.

I guess it was about four in the afternoon that the doorbell rang, while we still were in the 
living room. Marie and Mary were half asleep so I went to open the door. As I expected there 
was Mona, a young girl about 19 very tall and skinny. By tall I mean that she was a lot taller 
than me and the other women. I was standing there all naked in the door and she was very 
surprised with what she saw. Finally she came in after retrieving from the shock of a naked 
man opening the door. I gave her a kiss on the mouth and then took off her coat. She had a
suitcase with her as I had offered her to stay in my house as long as she wanted. I could see 
that she was dressed like the other girls when they came, just a blouse and a short skirt. I pulled 
her close to give her a hug and while I did that I let my hand lift her skirt and touch her ass to 
ensure that she was all naked underneath. Then I took my hands underneath her bloused and 
touched the small tits she had. Mona was not pretty because of the way she was dressed, there 
was also a great potential in helping her out with herself, and I hope that Mary and Marie 
would take care of her to shape her up. 

Now I took her by my hand and walked into the living room to introduce her to Marie and 
Mary. None of them realised that Mona arrived already so they didn't feel comfortable being 
naked on the sofa spreading their legs. I could see that Mona too was surprised of what she 
saw, still in the end I think it was good it turned out like this because Mona stripped right 
away in front of us. Then I gave her a tour around the house with Mary and Marie right 
behind. When we were done we went back to the living room where the ladies took their 
places in the sofa with Mona in the middle. It was so nice to see those two small overweight 
women on each side of the tall skinny girl in the middle. After five minutes of looking at them 
and talking I went over and gave them a hug and a kiss each. Then I went down in front of 
Mona and started to lick her pussy. She wasn't prepared of my treatment but both Mary and 
Marie helped her out by talking to her. Her pussy was spicy with a smell of pee so I guess she 
hadn't been taking a shower since yesterday. After a minute or two she was all wet moaning 
by my treatment. I realised that she was a screamer too and the closer she got to her orgasm, 
the more she screamed. It was so nice to hear it that I almost made me come. Afterward I 
jumped up to sit on her lap with my hard on dick pointing at her belly. Slowly I started to kiss 
her again and I realised that both Marie and Mary became a little bit jealous of what I did. 
Deliberately I teased them to make them understand that sometimes I just want to be with one 
of them at a time. That didn't last long though as Marie jumped in and started to kiss me too 
and then Mary followed as well. It was so nice now to have three women at the same time, 
kissing and hugging. 

I had them there for half an hour before I took Marie by her hand and went over to the floor. I 
got down on my back and let her sit down to ride my dick. Slowly she let my dick get inside 
of her and then she started to ride me. Mary and Mona was still in the sofa watching us but 
then Mona came over and placed herself behind Marie and stared to hug her from behind. I 
could see how her hands started to move from Marie's hips up to her tits as she kissed her 
neck. Marie just continued to ride my dick slowly as she was afraid that I would come too 
soon. After another minute Mary came over to us and sat down over my face so I could lick 
her pussy at the same time. Now all of them fucked me slowly and just enjoying it and then 
Mary come first. After that I shot my load up in Marie's pussy but she wasn't too satisfied 
with that she hadn't had the chance to come. Then Mona took her by the shoulders and made 
her lie down beside of me and went down between her legs and started to lick her pussy. That 
was a pure pleasure for Marie as she came in no time and Mona had the chance to taste my 
seed at the same time.

This was a great start for our new life together. After this we ordered food delivered to my 
house and we ate before we went to my bedroom all together. Then we continued to make 
love for the rest of the night. This night was really special as it was the first time and it also 
made me change my mind about having more than one woman in the bed at the same time. 
Marie and Mary still were not into being with another woman, but at the same time they 
allowed Mona to touch them and even suck their pussies. My job was even harder though as 
all of them expected me to fuck them several times each week and sometimes all of them 
several times the same day. Still that was something I could cope with, just having them was 
great.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





