BDSM Library - School Become Fun




School Become Fun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A boy with mc become crazy after her gf ceat on her.I'll start off by telling you I'm honestly a nice guy most of the time. This
  story happened the day after I found out my girl friend of two years had fucked
  at least 18 other guys. Five of which serval times and 3 at the same time in
  the middle of a party last weekend when she was &quot;sick&quot;. I always
  knew I had the powers but since age five I stopped using them for anything
  major. You know little things. Like getting someone to walk over and grab you
  napkins or to pick up the trash on the ground. Nothing harming or immoral.
  Something just snapped in me that day. I liked it too.  
Here's the flash back of it.  
Steaming in my car wanting to just get back at her. I had gotten to school
  early as normal to get my parking spot out of force of habit. Turning up the
  music I just think about all the times Crystal and me had had together. The
  talks, the cuddling, the great sex. Thinking of sex Cherie, a slut from my
  English class, started walking by my car. She is short tiny girl with medium
  sized tits that look great one her tiny frame. Her skirt stretched nicely over
  her heart shaped ass. In my angry/horny mood I decide to get some release.
  I push into her mind. It's filled with the thoughts of going and giving her
  boyfriend a blowjob. I push a little bit. She turns around and walks up to
  my car and gets in.  
&quot;Hi honey.&quot; She kisses me pressing her tits against me. In case
  your wondering I changed in her mind who I was. Now I'm her boyfriend. She
  slowly runs her small hand along my thighs and crotch. &quot;Want your normal
  blowjob. I am soooo thirsty baby.&quot; God I never knew how much of a kink
  she was. I simply nod as she unzips my pants with one hand and undoes the buttons
  on her blouse with the other. Her tits spill out and the pierced nipple bounce
  in front of me as she fishes my dick out.  
&quot;Wow honey I don't think I have ever seen your dick look so long. I
  hope I can fit it all in.&quot; she laps around my head as she pulls and twists
  her nipple rings. My hands float along her back and ass. Humming lightly she
  put the entire head into her mouth. She moves up a little closer and warps
  her tits around the base of my dick holding onto just the nipple rings. I put
  my hand between her legs and she starts humping it. With a pop she let my dick
  out of her mouth.  
&quot;Oh god honey if we didn't have school I would be riding you so hard
  right now.&quot; she barley moans out as she pumps me with her tits and grinds
  her pussy against me. She goes back to sucking my dick with a fervor I have
  never felt. Its obvious she loves doing this. I feel myself growing closer
  when she rubs her nipples and prieceings along my balls and twirls her tongue
  all over my dick head. I groans and she plunges my dick deep into the back
  of her throat and hums loudly causing me to lose control and cum down her throat.  
A moment passes as she slurps me clean.&quot; Thank love I needed that. See
  you in art babe, hold these for me, ok.&quot; she takes out her nipple rings
  and reties her blouse. A peck on the cheek and she get out of the car and goes
  to school. As she gets into the building I turn her back to thinking that other
  guy was her bf. Holding the nipple rings I laugh. Nice little keepsakes.  
Chapter 2  
I make my way into school just before the late bell rings. A few people give
  me looks. Most of them heard about the party this weekend. Thankful noone comes
  up and talks to me. I make into my math class just as role call is being done.
  Two of the upper class society bitches shut up and look at me right as I enter.
  I can tell from a small push that they were talking about me. Amanda and Crissy.
  Figures they would be gossiping in this class since they never did any work.
  None of it was good gossip either, despite Amanda having a long time crush
  on me. She would never admit it since I never used my powers to become popular
  enough to reach what she would consider an equal status. I probe her deeper
  just for fun. Seems this head cheerleader has her own dark gossip. She has
  been fucking the math teacher for grades since she became a cheerleader this
  fall. Apparently he has a thing for those outfits. Not that I blame him. She
  was wearing that outfit today so she was thinking partly on getting to be fucked
  today after school. Patently she was wearing it for an assembly the school
  was having today. That gives me an idea for later. I looked over Amanda and
  took in her beauty again. Her cheerleader skirt was high thigh and her legs
  were muscled yet femine. She had a low cut sweater top common for the squad
  that did too good of a job coving her smallish tits that always had hard nipples
  even though the thickest material. Her ass was the kind that companies should
  advertise on since no guy could take his eyes off it. She was a typical blonde
  color blue eyes knock out with creamy skin.  
Crissy on the other hand was Hispanic with schools best legs. I probed Crissy's
  mind next. Mostly it was gossip, dancing, and ....well nothing. I pushed a
  little harder and found out that she had just come from the bath room were
  she had finger fucked her self thinking about Amanda's ass. Interesting since
  she was known to be a homophobe and also one of the few girls considered to
  be a &quot;good religious girl&quot;. She of course would never admit do masturbating
  let alone thinking about a girl while doing it. I fell again to my dark desires.
  I pushed the entire class to ignore crissy, Amanda, and me no matter what we
  did.  
Next I pushed Amanda to take off her top and feel normal about it. At the
  same time I pushed crissy to get turned on and not to say anything to Amanda
  about her top. Amanda on her own started stretching her arms and back sending
  her breast straining against her bra and crissy to stare wide eyed and even
  a little moan to escape her lips. I probed Amanda again to see what she thought
  about girls. Not surprisingly she didn't mind the idea of teasing them sexually,
  but not acutely doing anything. I pushed her to start getting turned on and
  not resist crissy's or my advances.  
Crissy by now was ready to rip Amanda's bra off and start ravishing her.
  I pushed her just enough to act on those desires. Tentivly she reached her
  hand out and rub Amanda's nipple. Their reaction was that as though they had
  both just been shocked. Amanda quickly took off her bra as crissy kept rubbing
  her nipples. Crissy leaned over and started sucking the small tits as Amanda
  runs her hand down crissy pants. With fumbling hands Amanda gets Crissy out
  of her pants and shirt despite Crissy not helping, but just sucking, kissing,
  and nibbling on what ever flesh of Amanda's was in reach. Amanda lets crissy
  slowly push her fingers into her elastic panties and rub around on her slit
  and clit. Moaning loudly Amanda pulls crissy to the floor. I stand up and walk
  over to get a better view. Crissy starts pumping fingers in and out of Amanda
  as her thumb grinds her clit. Amanda moans louder to the point of almost screaming.
  I whisper into Amanda's ear that she should start licking crissy. Crissy begins
  to beg Amanda to do as I say. Amanda licks her inner thighs for a few seconds
  before she cums all over crissys hand. Amanda screams out in pure pleasure.
  Its such and erotic site and sound that I need to get in on it. I pull off
  my pants. Amanda comes down and started licking her slit with a hungry. I move
  them into an almost 69. I place my dick at the entrance to Amanda's pussy flip
  her skirt up over her hips so I can get a clear look at her ass.crissy grabs
  my dick and licks the head of it before jamming it into Amanda's pussy. I am
  in pure heavy its such a hot wet feeling and another hot girl was trying to
  shove use my dick as a dildo. Amanda moans deep into crissy pussy. She lifts
  her head long enough scream out for me to fuck her hard.  
I can't help but agree. I start stroking into her feeling the wet heat is
  so intense as she flexes her muscles to pleasure me. Crissy moans&quot; god
  this is such an erotic site seeing his big dick fuck that hot pussy&quot; she
  reaches down and makes Amanda grind her clit harder. Amanda's tongue darts
  in and out faster. &quot; Please fuck Amanda's pussy faster. I love that sound,&quot; she
  groans out as she leans up to lick my balls then her clit. &quot; Fuck her
  fuck her fuck her fuck her ooooooowwwwwwww FUCK HER&quot; she cums sucking
  my balls and I cum close behind her. We all collapse together. By the time
  we disengage its time to head to the next class. I let them remember everything
  and I see them holding hands as they walk to the next class. Something tells
  me they are going to be fun friends now.  
Chapter 3  
One more class till the assembly. There is where the real fun is going to
  be. This was home ec. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't an easy a. Usually
  it as bore except for the Miss Arronson who is the hottest red head or teacher
  in the entire school if not state. To drain to fuck her right now I decide
  class should be a little livelier. I push the class and teacher to think today
  was the day were discussing strip shows. Course I push Miss Arronson to perform
  on for the class. I am not disappointed when she walks in her normal tight
  short skirt, low cut top and high heals. She turns on some music and starts
  dancing without saying a word, the girls in the class aren't paying attention
  so I push them to get up and start dancing too. Tops bras and panties are flung
  all over the class and one guy and girl are fucking on the table. More of an
  idea for the assembly.  
Miss Arronson still hasn't taken anything off just undone all the buttons
  on her expensive top. She slowly pulls it off her shoulders. Revealing her
  red bra which stands out from he pale freckled skin. The bra is easily a d
  cup but still look to be straining to keep her large tits encased. She starts
  bouncing her shoulder as I push into her mind. She was a stripper in college
  so she knows how to move. She slowly plays with the side zipper on her skirt
  before simply ripping the material away from her body. Panties are almost non-existent
  but what there is of them is dripping wet giving the white material a see threw
  quality. She turns away from the class before she pulls the thong higher into
  her ass crack and runs her hand along her cheeks. I look around to see those
  guys not lucky enough to get a girl to fuck them are masturbating and the girls
  not with guys are busy fucking each other. The sounds of grunting and sloshing
  is highly erotic and sex is everywhere in the air. A loud smack brings my attention
  back to Miss Arronson. A red handprint is devolving across her ass. She then
  smacks the other side. The second the hand leaves her, as it is stuff between
  her legs. Another ripping sound as the panties come off. She get up on her
  desk and takes a sculpture of a dick used in the sex ed class out and starts
  fucking her self with it. Her hips bounce on the desk as she grunt grown and
  general goes nuts fucking her self with a rather large dildo. I look around
  again to see the guys cumming on top of the girls in porn style. The bell rings
  out and intercom comes on telling us to go to the gym for assembly.  
I quickly walk to the gym. I spot Amanda and Crissy and walk over to them.
  They blush as I walk up. They look at each other and Amanda nods. They part
  and walk to either side of me and grab onto my ass as we all three walk into
  together drawing just a little attention. As soon as I sit down I begin pushing
  everyone to do my will. Amanda cant keep her hands from rubbing me as we sit
  waiting for everyone, crissy is a little more relaxed but keeps giving lust
  glances to Amanda and me. I see Crystal across the way. Her mouth drops as
  she sees me. At this point Amanda had is in my pants. I push the principal
  to call the assembly to order. He says before the rest of the pep rally he
  had to reward a student for a marvelous job done. He called crystal down to
  the middle of the gym. She was surprised and confused. Some freshman yelled
  out a comment about the weekend and she looked like she would either kill him
  or cry in embarrassment. That was nothing. When she got the principal he started
  specking.  
&quot; This as many of you know is Crystal. I wanted to announce and reward
  her for bringing the schools biggest slut.&quot; a cry of shock went threw
  the crowd and crystal looked about ready to cry. She wanted nothing more then
  to run away but I wouldn't let her. I had other plans. &quot; As a reward she
  is going to perform a show for us all here today. She is going to masturbate
  and swallow the cum from the entire male staff and me. &quot; She shook her
  head no as I made her start undressing. Tears were now coming down her face.
  The entire male teachers were walking to her. Even the fat and ugly ones. She
  was naked now and lying down on the ground. Despite herself she was pinching
  her nipples and playing with her breast as the first teachers begin jerking
  off while watching her. She cried harder. She looked around to see most the
  school pointing and laughing. Some were jerking off others were starting to
  fuck. I for one was enjoying Amanda and Crissy fighting over giving me a blowjob.  
Crystal tears were reddinging her face as she humped her fingers hard knowing
  she was going to come soon. The first teacher came onto her hair and face.
  Another sprayed her thighs missing her cunt by inches but her hand quickly
  scooped it up and shoved inside her. She came herself but that did nothing
  to make her feel better she in fact started fucking herself faster. Most of
  the students were now fucking each other. Guys and girls, girls and girls dozen
  wrapped together licking and sucking and fucking. Another teacher came all
  over her tits as she sobbed again. The teachers were now saying things like
  good little slut, that's right take my cum, and other vulgar things as they
  sprayed her. Crissy had given up tiring to suck my dick and was now simply
  using my fingers as dildos since I was to busy watching the show. Another three
  teachers came on crystal as she started fingering her ass. Miss Arronson came
  out to the center, wearing only her bra and high heels, the cups were pulled
  down so her nipples were showing, and started licking cum off crystal. After
  she had a mouth full she kissed crystal causing the cum to flow between them.
  To crystals dismay she came again and swallowed all the cum. A janitor and
  the assistant principal came on her and then the principal pulled crystals
  from her ass and fucked her ass with wild abandon as miss Arronson pulled crystals
  face to her pussy and humped it till she came. I came into Amanda's mouth as
  the principal did into crystals ass.  
When it was over a tear faced crystal covered in cum walked along the gym
  floor toward me as the students continued to fuck. Crystal slowly stepped up
  to me, as Amanda was moan since crissy was eating her out.  
&quot;Nice performance&quot; I said with and evil grin.  
She went to say something and then tears welled up again. &quot;I'm sorry&quot; I
  decided to take mercy on her and make he and almost everyone forget the events
  of the day. Besides there is always tomorrow for other fun  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sabrina


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





