BDSM Library - Trapped




Trapped
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is turned into a very unusual slave.When she could think coherently, which to be honest wasn't that often, she
  tried to spot the exact moment when her life had derailed, and ended up in
  here.  
Maybe it'd been that time in high school, during biology when her best friend
  had whispered that scandalous bit of gossip to her, or maybe it was when she
  chucked Paul for suggesting it. But as usual she settled on going to university,
  more precisely taking part in that psychology test.  
It'd been towards the end of the month, and money was tight, so when the
  notice went up on the board, asking for volunteers (paid of course) for a series
  of psychology tests, she thought it'd been heaven sent.  
Well heaven had turned out to be close, but not close enough.  
The tests had started out pretty standardly, at least she thought so. And
  even though she had been warned up front, she had decided the money was more
  important than any anonymous embarrassment about answering questions about
  her sexual health.  
Now it was easier to spot the moment when things had gone so wrong. Most
  of the sexual tests had been interesting, at least to start with, but they
  quickly seemed to hone in to the one area which really turned her off.  
She'd never, not even once had anything in her ass. God had put it there
  for a reason, and sex wasn't it! So when the questions started about anal sex,
  she'd responded firmly that it left her cold. What a laugh! If she could change
  things, she'd lie through her teeth and tell them that she was such an anal
  slut.  
But she hadn't. The more she indicated her dislike, the more the questions
  seemed to probe and enquire about her views. Each question was more and more
  exacting, each one harder and harder for her deal with. Finally the tests were
  over, and she was relieved just to get out. By that time the payment was almost
  incidental.  
She remembered packing to visit her folks at the end of term, and even setting
  off in her car. After that it was a total blank. They'd shown her pictures,
  told her of the crash, and even how her family had wept at the funeral. All
  this was done to remind her how futile hope of rescue was.  
Her next actual memories were of her regaining consciousness, opening her
  eyes, to reveal an odd couple standing by. "Ah, good, you're awake" he said. "I
  just bet you're full of questions, well let me answer some of them"  
You're wondering why you're hear. You see my dear; we run these tests across
  many universities, looking for the perfect recruitments to our little enterprise.
  We're looking for that special someone who can offer the perfect experience
  to our guests. Luckily for us, we found you.  
Trying to make sense of the words she was hearing, she quickly took stock
  of her situation, and was terrified to find that she was firmly strapped into
  what felt suspiciously like a gynological examination chair. She became aware
  that her jaw ached from the ball gag that stretched it open, effectively stopping
  her from making any intelligible sounds.  
Looking down she could see that she was naked, legs wide spread, and with
  her arms strapped by her sides, unable to cover her exposed sex.  
He moved so that he was standing near her head. "Now, while Anna here prepares
  you, let me tell you what your future holds for you" he whispered into her
  ear.  
She couldn't decide on who to concentrate, the voice whispering into her
  head, or Anna, who had stepped across to a covered stand, and with a flourish,
  whipped the cover off, revealing way too many gleaming steel instruments.  
"Don't worry" his voice said, "We're not her to hurt you, well not further
  than necessary"  
Her eyes were drawn to Anna, who was fiddling around with what looked an
  ear piercing gun. Her confused mind couldn't quite grasp the need for it, seeing
  that her ears were already pierced. She tried to gasp through the gag, when
  Anna firmly pinched one of her labia, pulling her sex open. Without a word,
  Anna pressed the gun against the stretched skin, and pulled the trigger.  
She jerked with the sharp sting as the gun pierced her nether flesh, causing
  her eyes to water. His voice told her that this was necessary for the fittings,
  and that the pain would quickly subside. "Fittings?" her mind screamed, "What
  sort of fittings could he mean?"  
As she tried to think what his words meant, she realised that Anna hadn't
  stopped, and by peering between her open thighs, she could see that Anna had
  made four piercings in each lip, in two pairs of two. One set high up, near
  her clit, the other pair further back.  
Anna put the gun down, and with deft, dextrous fingers, she started to expertly
  toy with her clit, stroking it, teasing it, trying to get her aroused. She
  was horrified to realise that Anna was an expert in coaxing unwilling women,
  and that her body was starting to respond, despite the predicament she was
  in.  
Anna looked up, and nodded once. Her attention was drawn back to his voice
  as it told her he hopped that she enjoyed that touch, seeing as that was the
  last time anyone would ever touch her there.  
Last time? Last Time? she couldn't get her mind around those words, they
  didn't make any sense. Why would this be that last time anyone felt her clit?  
She jerked once more, this time trying to scream through her gag, when Anna
  used the gun to put two piercings through her engorged clit.  
She felt his strong hands on either side of her head; forcing her to look
  between her legs as Anna took a small, see through thimble from the cart. She
  pressed the thimble over her clit, taking her time so that the tiny holes in
  it lined up with her fresh piercings.  
She could actually feel the cold steel slip through her hot clit as Anna
  secured the thimble with a couple of bars. Her clit felt weird, slightly stretched,
  pressed tightly into the covering. Anna gave it a flick with her finger, and
  was pleased by the reaction she got. She wasn't though. That flick looked pretty
  fierce, but all it produced was a solid sounding thunk, and a slight pressure
  on her. With horror she realised that, even if she managed to get her hands
  free, with that cover on, she'd be unable to feel any pleasure in her clit.  
She started to cry when she saw Anna take out a tube of super glue, and squeeze
  a couple of drops to each end on the bars that speared her clit. When she fitted
  the end caps, she realised that it'd now it would never come off.  
Her mind was so busy trying to come to terms with this, that she didn't pay
  much attention to Anna's next move. She only became aware when his voice intruded
  into her thoughts, telling her about the next step.  
Anna had fitted a larger ring around her covered clit, and had used the upper
  piercings in her labia to secure it in place. This had the effect of holding
  her labia apart; making sure that her covered clit would be permanently on
  display.  
She couldn't recall much of what happened next, her mind just shut down as
  they operated on her body. The worst of it was the way they went about it.
  Him always talking to her, explaining as Anna went about her business, and
  her unable to stop them. She'd never felt so powerless in her life.  
When they'd finished, she ached all over, as if she'd just ran a marathon.
  But the worst ache was in her pussy. They'd fitted some sort of device into
  her pussy. She couldn't remember what it'd looked like exactly, but it had
  opened her up in a way she'd not ever felt, not even when the doctors had performed
  a gyno exam on her.  
She could feel her pussy walls stretching, trying to accommodate the intruder.
  It had looked something like a dildo which was split in quarters. This had
  been slid into her, and then slowly cranked open, stretching her pussy wide
  open. Then the ends of this device had been permanently attached to the remaining
  piercings. They'd even held up a mirror for her, so that she could see right
  into herself. They had to hold her head, she didn't want to look.  
That had been eons ago.  
Her next memories were of them explaining her new duties. She had already
  guessed that she was being kept as some sort of sexual slave, but she'd never
  conceived of such deviousness. It seems that they ran a specialised, very exclusive,
  whore house.  
What made their establishment so different, so attractive to the jaded, was
  the nature of the women that they used. He seemed to really enjoy telling her
  the nature of her new career. What they offered was the experience to relieve
  their tensions with whores who were psychologically dead set against such acts.
  He casually mentioned that they had women who thought same sex sex was a sin
  against God, so they only used them for those lesbians who wanted something
  different. They had nympho's who never got to enjoy any of the acts they performed,
  prudes who had been trained to perform the most degrading acts, and that this
  was to be her future.  
He then went on to explain to her, that the tests had revealed a more than
  healthy attitude towards sex, and that she really used to enjoy her own orgasms.
  It seems that she was perfect for them, a very healthy sex drive and a total
  abhorrence of anal sex.  
The purposes of her new adornments were to ensure that she would never, NEVER,
  experience sexual pleasure though her pussy again. Her clit was now entombed,
  unable to feel anything, was almost permanently hard, eager for that single
  touch that would transport her to bliss. Her permanently opened pussy made
  sure that no one would ever slide their cock into her. Who would want to when
  it wouldn't even touch the sides of her gaping pussy.  
What made it so much worse was the knowledge that her pussy was being permanently
  stretched. Every time she lost that stretched feeling, they turned a hidden
  screw, and opened her up that little bit further. She realised that she was
  loosing the muscle tone that would normally keep her closed and tight.  
That only left two options, but he never presented his cock to her mouth,
  in fact they always kept her gagged when she was being used, a final insult
  to ensure that no one could use her mouth for their pleasure.  
That only left her ass. Her ass, that opening which she'd never considered
  for sex. That opening which she was sure would never be used. Now it was the
  only way they took their pleasure from her.  
She could remember that first time, with her tied over a waist high bar,
  watching as Anna sank to her knees and gave the slowest, most sensual looking
  blowjob, leaving his large looking cock covered copiously with her saliva.  
He had moved behind her, and as she tried to turn her head to see, Anna had
  held it firmly, making her look into Anna's expectant face. Her eyes opened
  in shock and horror as she felt the tip of his cock, pressed hard against her
  ass. Eagerly pressing, eager to be buried in her forbidden passage.  
Tied like she was, she was unable to stop him from taking her anal cherry,
  though the thought of it made her sick to her stomach. To actually have someone's
  cock in her was just about the worst thing she had ever imagined.  
She couldn't stop his insistent pressure, and she felt her eyes water as
  her ass finally gave way, letting his rutting cock in.  
Anna, was staring intently, her mouth open slightly, a glazed look slowly
  spreading across her face. Her mind was awash with so many horrors. The feel
  of his cock as it took her, the fact that Anna was getting of on her obvious
  revulsion. She could see Anna's hand disappear between her own thighs, obviously
  playing with herself as she watched.  
That first time had been pretty quick, he had been so eager to explore her
  tight virgin ass that he couldn't last long. Her body shuddered when she felt
  his boiling hot sperm jet into her ass. It was worse than she had imagined.  
Now her mind returned to the present, skipping past the many times he took
  her ass.  
Those first times, when it was just him, or even worse him and Anna, they
  had to restrain her, to make sure that they could use her ass as they saw fit.
  As the days turned into weeks, they no longer needed to tie her down, they
  saw that she was slowly accepting her new fate.  
They then added a new torment, one designed to degrade her even further.
  It seemed that he noticed that she was loosing that fine muscle tone in her
  ass. She was no longer as tight as she had been when they'd started. So they
  set up an exercise program for her.  
It was Anna who explained it to her, her delight at her distress was all
  too obvious. She could see Anna's nipples hardening as she explained the new
  regime. They'd mounted a thick, wicked looking dildo against one of the walls.
  Anna took great delight in pointing out that near the base, the rubber was
  soft and pliable, and that inside the dildo was a pressure sensor. All she
  had to do, to earn her meals, her showers, in fact any of the normal things
  one took for granted was to impale herself on it, and to squeeze tightly.  
It had taken her two days of rebellion before she caved in, and knelt on
  the floor, her ass presented to the dildo. She'd spat on it, and tried to lubricate
  it as much as she could beforehand. She could feel her cheeks turning red with
  shame when she felt that cold tip press against her ass. As she slowly tried
  to relax, and press herself onto it, she felt so exposed, so humiliated.  
That first time, it had only taken ten good squeezes for a bell to quietly
  sound, and her reward to be brought to her room. Since then she had changed
  dildos twice, each one longer, thicker, than the one before, and the number
  of squeezes needed had risen from a meagre ten to several sets of a hundred
  each.  
What made it almost unbearable was her body's reaction. After all she was
  young, and had had a high sexual drive. The total lack of stimulus, apart from
  to her ass, had slowly changed her. Although her mind still refused to accept
  her enjoyment of anal sex, her body responded strongly.  
Every time he or another guest came to her, she could feel her juices start
  to flow, her wetness slowly dripping from her obscenely opened pussy, down
  her thighs, coating them in a thin sheen of sexual desire. Her body looked
  forward to sex, each time it hopped that the feel of a cock in her ass would
  be enough to tip her over into an orgasm.  
Each time was almost enough; the feel of a good thick cock, splitting her,
  pounding her ass sent her into orbit. Occasionally they used their fingers
  on the covered clit, but she could only get a slight tingling feeling through
  the covering, never quite enough to let her cum. Sometimes they stroked the
  inner walls of her obscenely stretched pussy, but she had found that being
  held open like she was had reduced the sensitivity of her walls, leaving enough
  feeling to excite her, but never enough to enable her to cum.  
The feel of hot spunk in her ass would almost trigger her release, her body's
  way of responding to those almost forgotten memories of being made love to,
  but her ass wasn't wired to provide the right sort of stimulation, to her anyway.  
Each time she was visited, they always left her the same way, her mind rebelling
  against the intense need her body had of release. If only they'd remove the
  cover from her clit, if only they'd remove that device from her pussy and take
  her like a woman should be, she knew she'd cum, and cum so hard the world would
  feel like it was ending, but no, every visit ended with her crying in frustration,
  her mind shattered, torn between the unnatural act and her desperate need to
  achieve that release that never came.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





