BDSM Library - Abduction in Kowloon - a Jade Pavilion Story




Abduction in Kowloon - a Jade Pavilion Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is something of a prequel to the Jade Pavilion Saga. In it the villainous Jasper Slegg (ably assisted by three of his cutthroat crew-mates from the 'Yang-tze Dragon') waylays and takes a cruel revenge on the stunningly beautiful Hua Ping, a pleasure-girl who had drugged and robbed him during a previous encounter. This story was inspired by one of my most loyal readers, who asked if I might
  give Jasper Slegg and his cronies an opportunity to subject an Asian beauty
  to rigors even more arduous than those to which they have subjected the beautiful
  Erika Weiss in the "Jade Pavilion, Book II". I was unable to find a way to
  fit an adventure as protracted as this one into JP II, so I've taken the liberty
  of giving the lovely Hua Ping her own stage for this exciting addendum to the
  Jade Pavilion saga. I hope that you will welcome her to the pantheon of heroines
  that adorn the Jade Pavilion.
 Abduction in Kowloon  
 A Jade Pavilion Story  
Hua Ping gently closed the door to the brothel behind her and set off down
  the street in the direction of the four men who lay in wait. Above her, a crescent
  moon and a brilliant galaxy of stars seemed to single her out among the throngs
  of Chinese making their way toward Nathan Road, Kowloon's busiest street. Her
  tight, low-cut, cheong-sam seemed to have been painted onto her shapely body,
  its clinging, sapphire-blue silk capturing the youthful audacity of her breasts
  and accentuating the outline of her taut, teasing nipples. The slenderness
  of her waist and the hourglass roundness of her hips, too, became more apparent
  as she approached, her deeply slit skirt allowing the bare skin of her honey-gold
  thighs to flash brazenly with every stride.  
&quot;Quiet! Is she the one?&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, that's her all right! Tasty, eh? Just look at the little whore!&quot;  
Jasper Slegg and his crew-mates from the Yang-tze Dragon  had
  been observing the doorway of the Inn of the Seventh Happiness for an hour.
  They had been waiting for Hua Ping, the Chinese pleasure-girl Slegg had visited
  during their last stop in Hong Kong, to leave the brothel and set off for her
  lodgings overlooking the harbor.  
&quot;Didn't I tell you?&quot; Slegg muttered. &quot;She's a looker ain't
  she? Wait'll you see the way she wiggles her sweet arse!&quot;  
Deng-shan whistled under his breath, his eyes trained on the enticing curves
  of Hua-Ping's breasts, half-revealed by the skimpy dress. His fists clenched
  and unclenched with nervous anticipation as he envisioned the depraved pleasures
  that lay ahead.  
The Yang-tze Dragon  , captained by Andrew McMahon,
  was a tramp steamer that moved between the ports of south Asia, carrying all
  manner of contraband, but specializing in the most lucrative cargos of all &ndash; opium
  and women. The Dragon  had been at sea for some three
  weeks, before docking on the prior evening. Slegg, the first mate, and his
  detail of three men had spent most of that night stealthily unloading the last
  of the cargo of opium that they had taken on in Bombay. When they were finished
  the four men had napped on an ancient bolt of canvas they had stretched out
  on the floor of the dingy warehouse where they had stashed the drugs. Upon
  awakening, Slegg, his eyes agleam with menace, had roused Deng and Froggy and
  Orang, and called them together. Slegg's shifty eyes had flitted nervously
  back and forth among the three men as he asked them if they had the stomach
  to help him even a score with a beautiful young pleasure-girl who had drugged
  him and emptied his pockets during their last call at Kowloon.  
 &quot;What's in it for us?&quot; Froggy responded coolly. Slegg had never
  been sure whether the men called him Froggy because of the croaking rasp in
  his voice, or because an injury sustained in a long ago shipwreck forced him
  to walk with an unusual limp, but in any case, he was a good man to have at
  one's side in a pinch. Besides, unlike the other three, he was a native of
  Kowloon, and his knowledge of the crowded peninsula would be a cornerstone
  of Slegg's scheme.  
 &quot;The girl, ye stupid barstard! D'ye think I'd to pay ye two and sixpence
  for 'elpin' me, when ye can take it out of 'er pretty hide. What about it,
  lads? You'll get your money's worth &ndash; she's as snotty as a Rooshian princess,
  but she's got the sweetest young body in Hong Kong. And it's all yers, if ye
  lend a hand.&quot;  
 &quot;Where?&quot; Deng-shan asked, his eyes bright with excitement, as
  he glanced at the well-stocked tool pouch he'd brought from the ship at Slegg's
  behest. There was no one handier &ndash; with hammer and chisel or rope and
  chains &ndash; than the well-built ship's carpenter. He had a mean streak,
  too, Slegg knew, especially where attractive young women were concerned.  
 &quot;Right 'ere. Fu Shien's men won't be coming for the stash 'til noon
  tomorrow. I'll tell the watchman 'e can 'ave the night off. The place'll be
  all ours. The walls are thick; nobody'll 'ear a thing. And we can 'ave ourselves
  a nice little tea party with Hua Ping. What d'ye say lads?&quot;  
 &quot;Anything goes?&quot; Orang inquired darkly . It was not hard to understand
  why his fellow-crewmen had given him that name. The simian-browed Malay was
  as strong &ndash; and as slow-witted-- as the long-armed creature that roamed
  the East Indian forests. Like Slegg's other two cronies, he had picked up a
  little English, in his case during his youth in Singapore.  
 Slegg glanced at the hulking, dark-skinned islander. &quot;Aye! The thieving
  slut lifted twenty quid from me the last time we were in Kowloon. Ye're damn
  right anything goes!&quot;  
 ********  
 Her gleaming ebony hair captured the starlight as Hua Ping made her way
  quickly through the crowded street, supremely conscious of the glances of masculine
  appreciation she attracted. She well knew that most Chinese women would not
  dare to walk through that quarter of the city dressed as provocatively as she
  was dressed this night, but now that she was under the protection of Fu Shien,
  the Golden Falcon, the vice lord of the city, she could dress and do as she
  liked. There was more than a hint of aloofness to her surroundings in her vivacious
  eyes, her prominent cheekbones and the provocative upward tilt of her nose.
  As she approached the vantage point of the four sailors, she felt their eyes
  on her tempting body. She glanced at the slovenly-dressed men disdainfully,
  making it clear that she considered men of their class beneath contempt.  
As she passed them, the quartet drifted into step behind her one at a time,
  each man feasting his eyes on the sensuous jiggle of her buttocks beneath the
  shimmering blue silk. She must have gotten an especially good tip from her
  last customer, Slegg guessed, one that had put an extra bit of sauciness in
  her flirtatious stride. Despite her fairly rapid pace, which forced the lame
  Froggy to struggle to keep up, the thought of running his hands over that tempting
  derriere kept Slegg's erection straining against the fabric of his trousers.  
 When Hua Ping arrived at the intersection of Nathan Road, she and others
  in the sea of pedestrians paused to avoid being struck by a pair of rickshaws
  drawn by pigtailed coolies. His darting eyes never leaving his prey for long,
  Deng-shan knifed his way through the crowd and managed to pull abreast of the
  blue-clad beauty. As he shifted his weight on the uneven cobblestones, the
  earringed mariner took a furtive peek at the half-revealed curves of Hua Ping's
  breasts out of the corner of his eye, not wanting to attract attention, but
  unable to resist trying to get another glimpse of her mouth-watering mounds.  
But a series of covert peeks failed to satisfy his wandering gaze and he
  soon found himself unable to avert his eyes from Hua's lovely tit-globes. It
  was a typical spring night in Kowloon, hot and sticky, and the rapid pace of
  her walk had produced a thin film of perspiration which clung to her delectable
  breasts. As he inhaled the sweet scent of jasmine which enveloped her, Deng
  could not help but wonder if the tender love-plums rising and falling so enticingly
  beneath the blue silk had ever been subjected to the type of treatment that
  they would receive before the cocks of Kowloon would crow the advent of the
  dawn.  
 Just then Hua Ping turned in his direction and caught him eyeing the valley
  between her breasts. She looked away quickly but not before giving him a withering
  glance. Deng returned her steely glare with one of his own but said nothing.
  He smiled inwardly. It wouldn't be long before the insolent little slut would
  pay and pay dearly for her superior airs.  
 As Hua Ping turned south on Nathan Road, her every bouncy stride reducing
  the short distance to the harbor, the four men remained only a few steps behind
  her, their eyes on her hip-swinging gait, their thoughts on the depraved acts
  which they would soon be performing on her man-teasing body. Slegg was confident
  that a pleasure-girl with her looks, reputation, and thieving habits surely
  had items of value hidden somewhere in her lodgings. Extracting the location
  of her secret treasure trove from this nubile young wench would surely prove
  diverting in the extreme. Toward that end, Slegg had given his three confederates
  an hour or two to scour the warehouse and its environs in order to collect
  such articles as might assist in pursuing that goal.  
 ********  
 Jasper Slegg had first heard of the new girl at the Inn of the
      Seventh Happiness some nine months earlier. He had been nursing an ale
      at a saloon on the Hong Kong waterfront, when a couple of low-ranking British
      naval officers took the stools adjacent but one to his own.    
 &quot;I'm telling you, mate,&quot; the taller one began, &quot; I've
      slept with whores in every port of call from Southampton to Singapore,
but I've never known one to match the girl I was with last night!&quot;    
Slegg perked up his ears.   
 &quot;Was she a Chink, Ned?&quot; the shorter sailor asked.   
 Ned nodded. &quot;Aye, and a tiny little thing, too, except for
      her tits. Blimey, what a pair she had! And she knew how to use 'em, too.
      Couldn't have been more than sixteen or seventeen, but she slid my King
      Richard between her jugs like she'd done it a hundred times. Her tits were
      soft as a baby's bottom, Georgie, but her nipples was as 'ard as me cock.
      And all the while she's runnin' her pretty tongue over her lips. Then she
      leaned forward and took me in her mouth. Christ! My rudder's never been
harder in me life, mate.&quot;   
 Jasper Slegg signaled to the tapster to refill his glass, as he
      stealthily brushed a hand against his swelling erection. The sailor paused
      in his narrative as the bartender approached, and then began again, unconscious
      of the fact that the ale-drinker two stools down was straining to hear
      his every word.   
 &quot;But you know me, Georgie,&quot; the sailor named Ned continued. &quot;I
      like to take me women in the arse. And Hua Ping had the prettiest bottom
      you'd ever want to see. She let me squeeze it and stroke it and spank it
      until I was as randy as a rooster, but every time I tried to plant my mizzenmast
      in that sweet little stern, she pulled away like I was brandishin' a bloody
      harpoon. Said she'd polish my Union Jack with her mouth as much as I liked,
      but no way I was droppin' anchor in 'er aft passage.&quot;   
 The sunburnt sailor paused to take a long draught of his beer
      and then set his glass down on the bar with authority. &quot; Georgie,
      I wanted that sweet young arse so bad I could taste it. And then I had
      an inspiration. Remember that cheap rhinestone ring I picked up in Macao
      couple of months back? Best imitation diamond I ever saw. Well, I slipped
      that ring off my finger, told her it was a diamond and let her look at
      it. Her eyes got big and round, and the greedy little minx fell for it.
      I'd been wearin' my dress blues when I got there, you see, and the little
      whore probably didn't know an ensign from an admiral.&quot;   
 &quot;Anyway, I told her she could have the diamond &ndash; but
      only if she threw me a backdoor party I'd never forget. She looked at that
      'diamond' as if it were the Koh-i-noor, swallowed, and shifted around so
      that her face was touching the mattress, and that delicious bottom was
      up in the air, just as pretty as you please.&quot;    
 &quot;Well, you know me, Georgie. I didn't waste any time. I had
      my banger in her up to the balls before she could blink twice. And she
      hated, it Georgie, just hated it. There was a mirror propped against the
      wall, and she was groanin' like a tugboat tryin' to pull a liner. But she
      wanted that 'diamond', Georgie! She wanted it bad! So bad she was grindin'
      her hips back at me like she was churnin' butter.&quot;   
 Ned drank from his glass again and wiped his mouth on his sleeve. &quot;Christ,
      Georgie, the Prince of Wales himself never had it so good. I'm a long-armed
      bloke, you know, and she was a tiny little thing, and once I'd buried my
      digger, I was able to reach under 'er and take hold of 'her tits while
      I was puttin' it to 'er.    
 Slegg glanced at the face of the man called Georgie. Heretofore
      the listener's demeanor had been rather restrained. But now his eyes were
      sparkling with vicarious lust. A tit-man, Slegg concluded, in amused silence,
      as Ned went on with his tale.   
 &quot;I squeezed those beauties like a Scotsman squeezes his last
      farthing, I did. Worked 'em over good and proper. You'd have been proud
      of me, Georgie!&quot; he chuckled, slapping his pal on the back.   
 &quot;She was the sweetest bit o' crumpet I've ever had, Georgie,
      or my name's not Ned Bartell.&quot;   
 ********  
 Following the night of his victimization, it had taken Jasper Slegg some
  time to work out the details of his plan for vengeance. For weeks he had lain
  awake in his shipboard hammock at night considering various schemes to abduct
  Hua Ping and exact his revenge before finally settling on a relatively simple
  one.  
 He had outfitted Froggy, who walked with a limp and had, when it suited
  him, a sympathetic countenance, in the green garb worn by the lackeys of Fu
  Shien, the tong lord who controlled the vice dens and opium haunts of Kowloon
  and Hong Kong, among them the Inn of the Seventh Happiness. Just as Hua Ping
  reached the harbor area, Froggy hobbled up alongside her. &quot;Missy. You
  are to come with me. The Master would have a word with you.&quot;  
 Hua had stared at him impatiently, obviously wishing to continue on her
  way. But Froggy, in his best avuncular fashion, smiled at her genially and
  rasped, &quot;Fu Shien, my master, will not be pleased if you ignore his wishes,
  Missy. Please. It is best you come.&quot;  
 Hua Ping looked out into the harbor for a moment as she considered the limping
  man's request. The incessant maritime music of foghorns and droning engines
  wafted noisily ashore from the narrow inlet which separated the island of Hong
  Kong from the mainland. Closer still, no more than yards away, she could hear
  singing and cursing and the unmistakable rustle of fishnets as fishermen unloaded
  their catch. She was only a stone's throw from her home. But, she knew, the
  Golden Falcon had earned that familiar epithet not only as a result of the
  voracity of his appetites, but also because of the gifts of gold and precious
  stones that he liked to lavish on his favorites when they pleased him. It would
  be foolish not to oblige him. &quot;Very well, I will come,&quot; she snapped
  irritably. &quot;Where shall I find him tonight? Is it far?&quot;  
 &quot;No, Missy. Five minutes only. Come with me.&quot;  
 ********  
 It had been child's play. Slegg and Deng and Orang had followed Froggie
  as he led Hua Ping back up Nathan Road toward the heart of the teeming peninsula.
  But they turned at the first cross street and soon Froggie, who had grown up
  in the Tsim Sha Tsui district and knew it like his own hand, had led the blue-garbed
  pleasure girl into a labyrinth of narrow, winding streets.  
 When at length they turned down a particularly dark street, Hua Ping's impatience
  finally got the best of her. &quot;Where are you taking me, you ignorant fool?
  You said five minutes, and we have been walking in circles for twice that time!&quot;  
 Froggy bowed obsequiously, but there was an evil gleam in his eye. &quot;Almost
  there, Missy,&quot; he croaked. &quot;Just around the next corner.&quot;  
 Hua Ping made the turn into the alley Froggy had indicated, but had only
  taken a few steps before realizing that she was in a dark cul-de-sac.  
 She spun around angrily toward her companion. &quot;What &hellip;&quot;  
 Her voice died away when she saw, just behind the man with the limp, three
  motionless shadows silhouetted against a nearby building. Hua boldly started
  toward Froggy, anxious to escape from the dark alley, but before she reached
  him, the eerie shapes came to life. And in a flash they were on her, driving
  her back against the wall of an adjacent building.  
 Hua Ping tried to scream, but a brown hand quickly stifled her. She aimed
  a knee at the well-built Chinese who was trying to pinion her wrists, but it
  missed his groin and caromed off of his leg. Deng-shan cursed and returned
  the compliment by driving a fist into her silken-clad belly. As Hua doubled
  over in pain she saw a golden earring gleaming in the starlight and realized
  that the man who had struck her was the same man who had stared at her cleavage
  so hungrily back on Nathan Road.  
 &quot;Oooonnghhh!&quot; she grunted into the hand covering her mouth.  
 &quot;Not out 'ere, Deng. Let's get 'er inside! Hurry!&quot;  
 Orang and Deng quickly muscled the beautiful concubine through a doorway
  Froggie had opened, leading the struggling girl into the inky blackness within.
  They had only taken a few steps when the three of them collided heavily with
  a large unseen object. The two men cursed in pain and Hua managed to tear herself
  free from their grasp. In the utter blackness of the room, all she could make
  out was the moonlit doorway. Panting heavily she took two steps toward it before
  the shadow of one of the men moved in front of the doorway, cutting off her
  escape. She turned away and started in the other direction hoping to find another
  exit, crying out for help, hoping against hope that someone other than her
  assailants could hear her.  
 &quot;Christ! Grab 'er and shut 'er up!&quot;  
 Hua heard the heavy breathing of the men and their stumbling footsteps and
  realized that the darkness which blinded her also blinded her pursuers. To
  her right she heard the unmistakable sound of a man trying to strike a Lucifer
  and failing. &quot;Bloody matches!&quot;  
 She turned away from the voice and staggered deeper into the darkness. She
  screamed again, weakly, the strangled scream of a person overcome by terror.
  Her mind raced with images of what these men might do to her if they were to
  lay their hands on her.  
 &quot;For Christ's sake, 'Rang, close the door so no one can 'ear 'er. And
  guard it, so she can't get away.&quot; Again there was the sound of a match
  being scraped against something rough. &quot;Damn these chink matches to hell!!!&quot;  
 A moment later Hua heard the door close heavily, and then even that bit
  of light was extinguished leaving her and her pursuers in utter darkness. She
  tried to force air into her lungs and screamed, &quot;HELP!!&quot; as loud
  as she could, and continued to back away.  
 But this time her terrified wail was a mistake, because the sound of her
  panicky cry led her nearest pursuer to her. She felt an arm reach out and grab
  her shoulder but she pulled free and spun around quickly, hoping to retreat,
  only to carom into the corner of another large, immovable object. She yelped
  softly but once again the sound of her voice betrayed her. A moment later she
  felt a pair of arms closing around her waist from behind.  
 &quot;No!&quot; she cried, trying to slap the arms away. She started to
  scream again, but one of the hands had slid up to partially cover her mouth.
  Her feet kept churning as she tried to pull free from his grasp and she realized
  that her feet were no longer falling on bare stone. But no sooner had she begun
  to wonder at the nature of the soft material on the floor, than the man whose
  arms were wrapped around her waist swept her legs out from under her and drove
  her face forward onto to the canvas-covered floor. An instant later the man's
  weight crashed down on top of her, crushing her breasts against the floor.  
 &quot;Over here!&quot; her attacker called out to his partners in crime.
  But the tackler didn't bother to wait for them. He slid his marauding hand
  into the slits of Hua's skirts, sliding the fabric up her silky thighs. Hua
  tried to scuttle away from the groping hands, but her head struck the knee
  of one of his partners who had positioned himself on the floor obliquely in
  front of her, cutting off her escape.  
 &quot;No &hellip; please &hellip; Ngmpph!&quot; she cried out, before the
  big hand of the man at her shoulder managed to cover her mouth.  
 &quot;Oooh, that's nice, baby. So nice.&quot; The man behind her had her
  skirt up to her waist now, and he was running his hands greedily over the warm
  flesh of her thighs and the flimsy silk of her panty-covered bottom.  
 Any lingering doubts about what these man had in mind having been erased,
  Hua kicked her legs furiously and tried to scream in protest, but the hand
  on her mouth stifled her, cutting off both breath and screams. She snapped
  at the fingers with her teeth, but ineffectually, angering her assailant more
  than hurting him.  
 &quot;CUNT!&quot; the shadowy figure in front of her croaked in the familiar
  cavernous voice of her erstwhile guide. He tightened his face-grip with one
  hand while he slid the other into her low-cut bodice, finding a plump breast
  and squeezing it vengefully, with such force that it brought tears to Hua's
  eyes.  
 &quot;Nggmpphh!!&quot; she screamed into the stifling hand, but she might
  have saved her strength, because there was no stopping her tormentors now.
  The man behind her had managed to imprison her bare, flailing legs between
  his own, and he was tearing at her panties, pulling them down over her shapely
  buttocks.  
 Hua fought like a tigress, scratching and clawing at the two men, but their
  strength and leverage was such that her resistance was easily quashed. With
  her panties halfway down her thighs, Deng, the man who had tackled her from
  behind, was free to grope between her legs. He inserted insistent fingers into
  the velvety softness of her pussy, exploring her sex-warmth and muttering, &quot;Ahhh!
  She's a tight little whore!&quot; under his breath. Then he paused for a moment,
  fumbling with his trousers and freeing his swollen cock.  
 Hua felt his member between her legs, teasing her vaginal opening, but then
  she froze, petrified, as the pressure of his organ slid upward, into the deep
  groove between her rounded buttocks. Hua had always had an overpowering fear
  of anal sex, a fear which traced its roots to a horrific experience at the
  hands of a black-booted German baron during her first week at The Inn of the
  Seventh Happiness. The powerfully-built Aryan had plundered her tiny rectal
  canal with a Prussian thoroughness that had given her nightmares for months.  
Since then she had almost always been to cajole her clients out of seeking
  anal gratification, by promising, and delivering, unimaginably intense oral
  pleasures. It was, in fact, her fear of anal sex that had driven her to become
  such an accomplished fellatrix that even Fu Shien, that connoisseur of depravity,
  had taken her as one of his favorites.  
She lunged forward desperately, hysterically, but could not escape. Froggy,
  released his punishing tit-grip, but only long enough for him to liberate his
  meaty phallus, and then the hand was reaching under her again, burrowing in
  her d&eacute;colletage clawing at her other breast.  
&quot;NNNNGMMPHHHH!! Not there &hellip; not there &hellip;&quot; Hua screamed,
  tearing free from the sailor's stifling hand as she felt Deng's cock easing
  its way through her sweaty butt cleavage, moistening itself, hardening it for
  the final assault. But he had already dug his strong fingers deep into her
  naked buttocks, and had begun pulling them apart.  
&quot;For Christ's sake, shut 'er up, you fools!&quot; Slegg barked from
  across the room, still trying to find a match that would strike. And indeed
  Froggy's thick fingers tightened their grip on her mouth even as his other
  hand closed on her breast again.  
Even in the Stygian darkness, Deng, a veteran of anal assaults, had little
  trouble locating the entrance to Hua's back channel and placing his throbbing
  cock-tip against the squirming puckerette.  
&quot;MMGPPHH!!&quot;  
&quot;Here it comes, honey!&quot; Deng growled as he pulled Hua's hips toward
  him even as he punched his own pelvis forward, battering at her flexible pleasure-portal.  
&quot;MPGPHH!!  
Deng skillfully maintained the pressure until his man-weapon broke down Hua's
  defenses and wedged its way into her anus, bringing as much pleasure to him
  as it brought pain to the Chinese temptress beneath him  
&quot;MPH!! MGGMPHH!  
Hua's terror was stark, limitless. Trapped in an abandoned building in dismal
  darkness, utterly at the mercy of four ruthless predators, one of whom was
  manhandling her tender breasts, while another was burying his rock-hard ramrod
  deeper into her defenseless rectum with every savage lunge.  
But for Deng-shan, the moment was one of unutterable satisfaction. To dominate
  this insolent young beauty so thoroughly, to master her petite body so completely
  was the stuff of manly ecstasy. Holding her upper thighs in an iron grip, he
  drove his prick into Hua's sweet young ass with merciless abandon, her every
  grunt of misery adding to his sadistic pleasure. Deeper and deeper he plunged
  until he could feel his sperm-laden testicles colliding with her buttocks with
  every thrust. Then he relented, or pretended to, withdrawing his fleshy piston
  until just the knob of his cock was inside her. He paused for a moment, letting
  Hua relax slightly, and then slammed his bulbous dickhead into her nether-passage
  even more ruthlessly than before, burying every inch of it into her squirming
  rectum.  
But even a man as experienced as he could not long sustain the ecstasy of
  the moment. &quot;Her tits, Froggy! Squeeze her tits!&quot; he grunted hoarsely
  to his partner, knowing that the pressure of his comrade's grip would cause
  Hua to try to pull away from him, thus sweetening his own climax.  
&quot;MGPHHHGPH!!&quot; Froggy shifted his weight, crushing Hua's face into
  his muscular thigh and using his upper body to hold her down while his paws
  slid back inside her dress. &quot;MGPPPH!!&quot; Hua grimaced in misery when
  the big hands closed on her soft young breasts once again. She recoiled from
  him in agony, her pelvis meeting Deng's ultimate thrust halfway and adding
  the last ounce of pleasure to his assault.  
&quot;ARGGGGHH!! YAHHH!!&quot; Deng grunted, as he felt the first wave of
  an overpowering orgasm. He lunged forward again, slightly altering his angle
  of penetration and applying such brutal pressure that it seemed to Hua that
  he was trying to screw her sweat-soaked body into the floor.  
A groan of carnal lust rose from the depths of Deng's soul as he shot his
  first spurt of semen into the insolent concubine. He tried to contain his passion,
  willing his cock to prolong his pleasure indefinitely, but he had crossed the
  Rubicon of desire and was helpless to prevent his manhood from launching volley
  after volley of sperm into the depths of her rectum.  
 Deng gave the smooth butt-cheeks which had given him so much pleasure a
  final possessive squeeze as he withdrew his come-dripping manhood from Hua's
  tight passageway and rose triumphantly to his feet. Exhausted, Hua slumped
  face forward against the knees of the man at her shoulder, brushing his swollen
  manhood with her cheek, while he continued to fondle her breasts with greedy
  fingers. For a minute or so Hua could not move, and was only only half-conscious
  of the fact that the Englishman had finally managed to ignite one of his lucifers
  and was lighting an oil lamp in a nook not far from the door.  
 &quot;Let 'er up, lads. Let's 'ave a look at 'er!&quot;  
 Froggy reluctantly loosened his grip on Hua's tender breasts, but reached
  out and grabbed her left arm, twisted it painfully behind her as he hoisted
  her to her feet. As Hua struggled desperately to tear herself free from his
  hammerlock, she got a better look at her captors.  
The swarthy Chinese with the earring, the one who had punched and sodomized
  her, had tucked his dwindling cock into his trousers and was now tugging expertly
  at a rope that dangled from a rafter high overhead, making sure that it was
  secure. The great shadow that had blocked the doorway had metamorphosed into
  a massive, dark-complected giant of a man with rapacious eyes. The stocky man
  with the limp, the benign-looking but treacherous countryman who had lure her
  into this trap, and who had crushed her breasts in his hands while the earringed
  man had raped her, was balling up a foul-looking piece of cloth in his hands.  
But it was the fourth man, a nondescript European of average build who was
  using the taper he had just lit to light oil lamps in each corner of the dingy
  room, who seemed to be the ringleader of the evil foursome. His unshaven face
  and piercing eyes looked vaguely familiar and Hua Ping stared at him apprehensively,
  searching the dark corners of her memory without success. When he had finished,
  the oil lamps cast their eerie, uneven glow over a large room strewn haphazardly
  with bales and crates, some of which she had barged into in the darkness. Then
  the European turned toward her, his eyes seething with suppressed rage, as
  he slowly removed the rope-belt from around his waist.  
Only then did Froggy release his grip on the enticing young prisoner and
  thrust her violently into the center of the dingy room. Hua Ping did her best
  to straighten her clothing as she glared at the four sailors defiantly. She
  smoothed the clinging blue fabric over her hips with fair success, but Froggy's
  plundering hands had left the bodice of her dress in tatters, turning a revealing
  neckline into a plunging one. But despite her state of deshabille, Hua had
  lost none of her prideful arrogance; her spiteful mouth, her flashing eyes,
  her turned-up nose dismissed her captors as the lowest scum of society. &quot;Don't
  you know who I am?&quot; she hissed. &quot;I am Hua Ping. Fu Shien, the Lord
  of Kowloon, is my lover. If you dare to touch me again, he will cut off your
  balls and feed them to the rats in the sewers!&quot;  
&quot;Then maybe we'd better let 'em 'ave one last bit o' fun, eh, lads?&quot; Slegg
  chortled salaciously as he reached for his crotch and hefted his lust-swollen
  testicles through his trousers. There was no way of telling whether Hua Ping
  was telling the truth, but even the long arm of the Golden Falcon did not extend
  far into the waters of the China Sea. The men of the Yang-tze Dragon  would
  be far out to sea long before the vice lord got wind of what they had done
  to his lover. If indeed she were a favored concubine, was it likely that she
  would still be taking on all well-paying comers at the brothel? More likely
  she was only one of the most desirable of a dozen or more young beauties with
  whom the old reprobate occasionally dallied.  
Either way, he and his mates were going to take great pleasure in crushing
  the body and spirit of this arrogant wench; by the time they were done with
  this wench who imagined herself to be a courtesan, they would turn her prideful
  disdain into servile groveling, her defiant posturing into abject pleas for
  mercy.  
&quot;Ye 'aven't a bloody clue, who I am, do ye, ye thievin' whore!&quot; Slegg
  growled as he tilted his face toward Hua Ping so that the lamplight would better
  illuminate his homely visage. &quot;Shove that gag in 'er yap,&quot; Froggie,
  so she can save 'er mouth for better things.&quot;  
Orang stepped forward to pinion her arms. Hua Ping fought furiously in the
  grip of the big islander, but it was only a matter of time before Froggie stuffed
  the filthy rag in her mouth and secured it by wrapping a thin cord around the
  gag and knotting it behind her head.  
&quot;Maybe this'll 'elp to refresh your memory!&quot; Slegg raged as he
  lashed out with the rope-belt, catching Hua across a silken-clad thigh.  
&quot;Unmmph!&quot; she cried into the gag and spun away only to turn directly
  into the path of a belly blow from the black leather strap which Froggie had
  stripped from a packing crate earlier.  
&quot;Anghh!&quot; Hua gasped and fell backward into the waiting arms of
  Orang again. The big Malayan grunted and gathered the fragile silk at the nape
  of her neck into a mighty hand and ripped downward, baring her pretty back.  
Hua's beautifully manicured hands flew to her blue bodice, trying frantically
  to hold it in place. Deng-shan, intent on seeing the breasts he had ogled so
  admiringly on Nathan Road, hacked at her arms with a short elm switch that
  he had cut from a nearby tree that afternoon. Once, twice, three times he switched
  her, trying to force her to release the bodice, opening gashes on both of her
  bare arms, until she cried out in pain and let her hands fall to her waist,
  where they were joined a split-second later by the top of her cheong-sam.  
The four men paused for a moment to drink in the sight of Hua Ping's perfect
  breasts, as she cowered in terror, searching the eyes of her captors for a
  trace of sympathy. Her honey-colored tit-mounds were every bit as lovely as
  Slegg as remembered them, remarkably full and ripe for the size of her slender
  frame. Slegg licked his lips longingly as he eyed the quivering tips of her
  breasts, recalling how ardently those sweet brown buds had responded to the
  tongue-lashing he had given them during their prior encounter.  
Slegg attacked with the belt-rope again, and this time the stinging tip of
  the rope found the side of a thigh bared by the high-slit skirt. Hua yelped
  and spun around again, only to run into Froggy's outstretched hands. &quot;Who's
  the 'stupid fool', now, slut?,&quot; he growled, reminding her of the name
  she had called him, as his pudgy fingers reached for her naked breasts once
  again.  
Deng whipped the elm-switch across Hua's bottomcurves and then backhanded
  her across the backs of her thighs while Froggy, his sympathetic mien on Nathan
  Road having long since been replaced by a countenance dripping with lustful
  malice, raked his thumbnails back and forth across her tender nipples. With
  a tremendous effort the almond-eyed beauty tore herself free from his grasp,
  only to feel the slash of Slegg's rope-belt across the side of her left breast.  
WHICKK!! &quot;UMNGHGH!&quot; Hua screamed into her gag.  
&quot;Still don't remember me, eh, dearie? Or 'ave any idea why I'm 'ere?
  Not to worry, wench. ' ere's another little 'int!&quot;  
WHICKKK! &quot;UMGH!!&quot;  
&quot;But I'll be 'appy to tickle your mammary, &quot; he chortled, as he
  eyed the reddish mark the rope had just left on the outer aspect of Hua's breast, &quot;if
  it takes all bloody night. That's the kind of 'elpful gent I am, eh lads?&quot;  
Encouraged by his comrades' gloating laughter, Slegg turned up the heat. &quot;The
  dress, sweetie! Take if off! Nice and slow-like for Uncle Jesper and his mates.&quot;  
'Nnggh!&quot; Even restrained by the gag, Hua's defiance was unmistakable.  
WHICKKK!! With a snarl, Slegg whipped the stinging tip of the rope across
  her right breast with a quick backhanded motion that drew tears from the corners
  of Hua's brown eyes.  
&quot;ANGGHMPHH!&quot;  
&quot;Take it off, I said!&quot;  
Acquiescing meekly, Hua Ping nodded and hooked her thumbs into the waist-band
  of the cheong-sam, and inched the iridescent gown down over her hourglass hips.
  Slegg's balls tightened with lust as herdark triangle slowly came into view,
  veiled only by a wisp of gossamer-thin panties.  
THWICKK!! The circle of terror struck again as Deng-shan slashed her buttocks
  with his switch, slicing through the pale blue silk as if it were a cobweb.
  The blow drew another plaintive cry from the whore-thief, and drove her forward
  into Froggy's breast-crushing grasp once again.  
This time Froggy maintained his steely grip on her tit-mounds until Deng
  had torn the panties to shreds with three whistling cuts of the switch.  
THWICK! &quot;NGH!&quot;  
THWICK!! &quot;NGHH!&quot;  
THWICKK!! &quot;NGHHNNG!&quot;  
&quot;Still don't remember me, eh, wench? Well, per'aps you'll remember this,
  you thieving whore!&quot; Slegg growled as he liberated his swollen cock.  
The beautiful young whore-thief took one look at Slegg's thick-veined phallus
  and turned away in disgust.  
&quot;I guess we'll 'ave to jog her memory a little more, lads. 'oist 'er
  up!&quot;  
The mighty Malayan quickly jerked Hua Ping's arms over her head her so that
  Deng-shan could loop the rafter-rope around her updrawn wrists. When her wrists
  were secured, Deng gave the rope a mighty tug, before tying it off, leaving
  Hua Ping, naked save for her shredded panties, and dangling an inch or two
  above the stone floor of the warehouse. Slegg eyed her nude body lovingly. &quot;Give
  'er a few across those her pretty tits, Froggy, while I warm up her backside!
  Maybe that'll refresh her memory!&quot;  
His face contorted into a salacious leer, Froggy doubled up the black strap
  and scraped it back and forth across Hua's perky nipples, teasing them into
  a tautness that would make each strap-stroke doubly painful. He lowered his
  mouth to a succulent breast, savoring the salty tang of her fear-sweat.  
WHICKK!! Hua grimaced in agony as Slegg's belt etched another line of fire
  across the pale half-moons of her behind. The muscles of her buttocks reacted
  by quivering tremulously, further exciting Slegg's evil lust.  
Froggy swirled his thick tongue around the pebbly surface of her aureole
  as Slegg lashed at her nether-globes again, the force of his blow driving her
  soft breast deeper into Froggy's mouth. The burly Chinaman rewarded her by
  seizing her plucky little nipple with his irregular front teeth and grinding
  it between his incisors. He gnawed the tender bud determinedly while Slegg
  continued to flagellate her springy buttcheeks. But then Froggy, itching to
  apply his strap to Hua's luscious breasts, released her nipple, and took two
  quick backward steps.  
&quot;Ngggg! Ngggg!&quot; Hua screamed into her gag, as she watched Froggy
  plant his feet carefully in preparation for what promised to be a horrendous
  blow. But there was no curbing the dark passions the sight of her nude body
  had engendered in her four assailants.  
WHAPPP!!! Froggy slammed the strap into the velvety-soft undercurves of Hua's
  breasts with a ferocious stroke that set her tits to bobbling deliciously.  
WHICKK!! Another belt-lash to her rounded buttocks kept the pleasure girl
  dancing in air to the delight of her depraved predators.  
WHAPP!! Froggy's eyes gleamed with a menacing light as he swung his arm forward
  again, delivering a horizontal stroke whose force set Hua Ping's puckered nipples
  on fire and jarred her rope-gag free.  
&quot;Please &hellip;,&quot; she gasped tearfully as Froggy edged around
  behind her, his eyes fixed on the shapely demi-ovals of her derriere. &quot;No
  more. &hellip;&quot;  
WHAPPPP!!!  
WHAPPPPP!!!  
WHAPPPPPP!!!! The thrilling percussion of leather on bare flesh continued
  as Froggy applied the broad strap to Hua's shuddering buttocks again and again,
  spacing the blows with a rhythmic ferocity, so that the sound of each stroke
  lingered in the air like the staccato notes of a satanic sonata.  
&quot;No more?&quot; Slegg snarled as he stung the wriggling concubine's
  soft, supple thighs with the tail of the rope. &quot;Not 'til you've paid me
  what you owe me, slut, and a little extra for my trouble. And these gentlemen,&quot; he
  sneered, indicating his trio of accomplices, &quot;are going to want a nice
  little commission for 'elpin' me to collect the debt!&quot;  
 WHICCKK!! A crouching Slegg gave the beautiful concubine a slicing upward
  lash across the base of her buttocks that lifted her into the air, just as
  Deng, lamenting his inactivity, slashed his elm-switch across her naked thighs
  from her right, and Froggy, having completed his circumnavigation of his victim,
  unleashed a nipple-stinging backhand from her left.  
THWICK! WHAPPPP!!!  
&quot;Aaghh! Aughh! AUGHHH!!!&quot; Hua Ping gasped in a voice choked by
  pain, her breath cut short by each successive stroke.  
&quot;I'll pay! I'll pay! Just let me go, please!&quot;  
&quot;How much, whore?&quot; WHICKKK!!  
 &quot;AAGHH! I &ndash; I cannot pay you much. I'm only a young girl &hellip; I &hellip;&quot;  
THWICKK!! WHAPPP!! The skin of Hua Ping's supple thighs and soft breasts
  were scalded by two lightning-swift strokes.  
&quot;Can't pay much?? Didn't you just tell us you were the lover of Fu Shien?
  The Golden Falcon? You're a liar as well as a thief!&quot;  
WHICKKKK!! Hua groaned as the belt-rope scalded her bottom.  
THWICCKKK!! Deng's switch cut deep into her thigh-flesh, opening thin
    cuts on each of her legs. 
    
WHAPPPP!!! A punishing down-stroke from Froggy left a livid mark across the
  tops of Hua Ping's superb breasts.  
The rope-belt, the switch and the breast-strap had all struck again; Hua's
  self-serving lies had only multiplied the rage of her captors.  
&quot;Please &hellip; I can give you pleasure &hellip; there is no need to
  hurt me.&quot;  
Slegg threw the rope-belt to one side and give his straining cock a pleasurable
  squeeze. &quot;Aye, you'll give us pleasure, princess! The Shoulder-breaker,
  Deng. Let's see if the slut is as good as her word.&quot;  
Within a minute, Hua Ping's youthful body was bent at right angles beneath
  the rafter Deng-shan had chosen as his fulcrum of cruelty. Her bare feet were
  now flat on the warehouse floor, but her arms had been twisted upward behind
  her so viciously, and extended above her so cruelly, before being bound in
  the rafter-rope, that the thought of straightening her back was inconceivable.  
Slegg strode around in front of her and lowered his trousers, offering her
  his swollen genitals. Hua's body was bent so that her face was at the level
  of Slegg's crotch, only inches from the tip of his purplish-red glans. &quot;C'mon,
  'oney. Give us a little kiss,&quot; Slegg leered as he jiggled his erection
  in front of her talented lips. When Hua didn't respond instantly, Slegg nodded
  to Orang.  
The hulking Malayan had so far taken little part in the proceedings because
  he had forgotten to arm himself with an instrument of discipline earlier in
  the day. But necessity being the mother of invention, he had managed to rip
  a wooden slat off one of the packing crates. And it was that three-finger-width
  of wood that WHACKKKed into Hua's tender bottom, driving her forward so that
  her pretty face was mashed against Jasper Slegg's cock and balls.  
&quot;That's more like it, Missy! Now let's see you use that tongue&hellip;.
  Not bad, not bad,&quot; Slegg muttered as Hua tentatively touched the tip of
  his penis with her pink tongue. &quot;Now for those big hairy balls, wench!
  You're gonna suck 'em like they were lichee nuts, ain't you, darlin'?&quot;  
Despite her experience and skill at oral love-making, Hua balked at this
  crude command. But when she felt the stern solidity of Orang's slat rip into
  her butt-cheeks again, wrenching her straining shoulders, she took Jasper Slegg's
  testicles into her mouth.  
&quot;There you go. Get 'em nice and wet,&quot; Slegg muttered as Hua's oral
  caresses sent shudders of pleasure through his genitals. As she sucked on his
  scrotum, he gave his throbbing erection a pleasurable squeeze. &quot;And now
  for the Iron Duke, Missy! Get the underside, you little tart! Start at the
  root and tongue it all the way up!&quot;  
Without the use of her hands, Hua found it difficult to follow Slegg's commands
  to the letter. He stood before her with feet widespread, his hands on his hips,
  watching her domineeringly as the underside of his slippery penis slipped off
  Hua's slavish tongue time and again. And each time it did the brawny Malayan
  responded to Slegg's nod with another punishing WHACKK!! across the tempting
  curves of Hua's naked behind.  
After a few minutes of this amusing byplay, Slegg relented and grabbed Hua's
  raven tresses and pulled her head roughly down on the crown of his cock-staff.
  Hua groaned at the extra strain on her shoulders, but took his penis into her
  mouth, thankful that at least one form of taunting was behind her.  
&quot;Get it nice and slimy, sweetie. You'll be glad you did &ndash; trust
  me.&quot;  
Slegg groaned with pleasure as Hua's head bobbed up and down on his throbbing
  man-weapon. He could see why Fu Shien, with his choice of all the girls of
  Kowloon and Hong Kong, might well have numbered this talented tonguestress
  among his favorites. Her tongue swirled around his cock skillfully and her
  warm mouth seemed to envelop him in a suctioning caress. He let her tease him
  to the very precipice of desire and then withdrew his saliva-slick erection.  
&quot;Like I said, luv, you'll be glad you got it nice and wet.&quot;  
As Slegg walked around behind her, Froggy stepped up to replace him, fisting
  his hairy cock against her lips. Hua felt Slegg's wind-weathered hands on her
  sore buttocks, squeezing them roughly and then sensed the pressure of his pulsing
  cock against the puffy lips of her vagina. She squirmed miserably, but there
  was no escape from Slegg's questing phallus which explored her labia minutely
  before peeking inside.  
Hua relaxed, thanking the spirits of her ancestors that Slegg had found her
  love-slit to his liking, and seemed to have forsaken the thought of more depraved
  pleasures.  
But after several minutes of pleasurable reconnaissance in that warm velvety
  chamber, Slegg withdrew his battle-hardened weapon, and sought new fortresses
  to assault. Chuckling menacingly he slid his howitzer through Hua's defenseless
  ass-crease and then pressed it tentatively against the puckering rosette that
  he had waited so many months to penetrate. The nerve endings on his slippery
  cock-tip were alive with desire and he could feel his shaft thicken with excitement
  now that he was on the brink of plundering Hua's petite posterior.  
&quot;N-no. Please &hellip;&quot; Hua whimpered as she pulled her mouth away
  from Froggy's ruddy erection. &quot;Not there &hellip; not again &hellip; anything
  else&hellip; &quot;  
&quot;What's the matter, sweetie?&quot; Slegg growled, reveling in the warm
  pressure of her bottom against his ardent genitals, as his eyes took in the
  lovely dimple formed by the confluence of her tailbone and the inexpressibly
  perfect roundness of her buttocks. About all that was left of the rear part
  of Hua's delicate panties was the waistband, and that wisp of blue silk framing
  her nude buttocks seemed somehow to accentuate the salaciousness of her pose.
  Slegg explored her assflesh with his hands feverishly, paying no attention
  to Hua's moans when he dug his nails into the reddened areas that had been
  warmed by the wooden slat. &quot;So ye still haven't learned to like it up
  the arse?&quot; he asked in a gloating voice as he spread her springy cheeks
  wider and slid his throbbing cock up and down her tantalizing butt-cleavage. &quot;Well,
  maybe ye just need a bit more practice, Missy -- Cause that's where ye're going
  to get it! he muttered as he planted his feet firmly and positioned his mouth-moistened
  cock tip against her tiny bunghole once again, but more forcefully this time,
  presaging the final assault.  
&quot;No &hellip; I'm too small &hellip; please!&quot; Hua Ping groaned as
  Slegg punched his cock against her resisting sphincter.  
His eyes afire with lust, Slegg rammed the spasming gates of Sodom again,
  but the passageway failed to yield. Groaning with lust he lunged again, and
  then again, until at last the valiant circlet gave way under his relentless
  attack. Once he had plunged inside Hua's inner ring of defense, there was nothing
  to stop the juggernaut of his lust.  
Annoyed by her moans of discomfort, Slegg barked, &quot;Shut 'er up, Froggy!&quot; His
  burly companion wasted no time stuffing his man-meat into Hua's mouth.  
&quot;UNGH! UNGH! UNGH!&quot; Slegg grunted as he screwed his cock-staff
  deeper into Hua's rectum. &quot;Christ, she's bloody tight! But don't worry,
  dearie. I never buggered an arse yet that didn't 'ave a bit of stretch in't.&quot;  
Waves of sexual pleasure rippled through Jasper Slegg's loins as he worked
  his pleasure-pole deeper and deeper into Hua Ping's delicious ass. His fingers
  clutched her hips like claws of steel as he pounded away, intoxicated by the
  involuntary clenching and unclenching of her rectum.  
&quot;Oh, Christ, that's good!! Milk it, baby. Milk it with that fine young
  arse!&quot;  
Slegg's hips moved with machine-like rapidity as he fucked Hua's shapely
  bottom with tireless vigor, pausing occasionally to reposition himself for
  an even deeper thrust. Finally, with sweat pouring down his face, he could
  delay his release no longer and, with a series of violent shudders, he emptied
  his balls, shooting spurt after spurt of man juice into Hua's ravaged rectum.  
A few moments later Froggy came, too, after withdrawing his hairy cock a
  short distance from Hua's pretty lips so that he could watch his thick ropes
  of man-juice arc into her open mouth.  
Giving her no more than a few seconds respite, Deng-shan set about undoing
  her bound hands. When the cords fell from her slender wrists, Hua made a break
  for the door. But the big Malayan, displaying a quickness surprising for a
  man of his bulk, grabbed her by her silky black hair and dragged her toward
  the waist-high crate from which he'd removed the slat earlier. He threw her
  forward against it so that the edge of the crate cut into her bare belly. Hua
  cried out in pain as she felt the weight of his body crushing against hers
  and then the irresistible downward pressure of his hands on her shoulders .  
In her pain and panic, at first Hua didn't understand the entire purpose
  of Orang's onslaught. But when she felt the edges of the wooden slats that
  traversed the top of the crate pressing against the curves of her breasts,
  his intention became horrendously clear. The thuggish islander was trying to
  force her naked breasts into the gap left by the removal of the slat he had
  used to beat her. The other three sailors watched with mounting arousal as
  the petite raven-haired beauty fought like a tigress to keep her dark-nippled
  beauties away from the rough-edged slats. But the Malayan was far too strong.
  Slowly the inexorable pressure on her back and shoulders forced Hua's rounded
  globes into a rectangular opening that had seemed an inch too narrow to accommodate
  them.  
Jasper Slegg grinned sardonically as he recalled
  the look in Orang's brutish eyes when he had asked, &quot;Anything goes?&quot; earlier
  in the day when being informed of Slegg's plan to even the score with the shapely
  young temptress who had victimized him. But who would have thought the ponderous
  giant would have had the wit to improvise such an unusual mode of punishment?  
It took the sweating giant a full minute to cram Hua's yielding pleasure-globes
  deep into the gap between the slats. When he was done there was little need
  to restrain Hua's arms or legs, because she could only extricate herself by
  wreaking even more havoc on her raw and blood-streaked treasures. But the flesh-gouging
  breast-vise was only the opening movement in the symphony of abuse that Orang
  the Malayan was about to conduct.  
The massive Malayan picked up the slat again. Although it was as broad as
  a yardstick and much thicker, it looked like a toothpick in his huge hand.  
Slegg held up his hand to stop him, and came forward and grabbed a handful
  of Hua's ebony mane and jerked her head back sharply.  
&quot;Aaaghhh!&quot; she cried out, as pain ripped through her imprisoned
  breasts.  
&quot;D'ye remember me yet, slut? D'ye remember what ye owe me?&quot;  
But Hua could only shake her head miserably. She had been with so many men,
  and more than a few Englishmen, who were plentiful in the Crown Colony. Unless
  they were unusually good lovers, or unusually good tippers, her recollections
  of most of her clients consisted of a faceless sea of the countless erections
  she had teased and tongued with her talented mouth.  
&quot;Ahh, ye're a stupid slut, aren't ye?&quot; Slegg snarled disgustedly.
  His male ego did not suffer gladly the possibility that a beautiful woman could
  fail to remember his very forgettable charms. &quot;Go ahead, 'Rang,&quot; Slegg
  instructed, gesturing toward the evil-looking slat. &quot; Maybe you can beat
  some bloody sense into her!&quot;  
The brown-skinned giant grunted with pleasure, and turned the slat over in
  his huge fist, as he ogled the perfect rotundities of Hua's bottom-cheeks and
  the sleek expanse of her golden thighs. Leering maliciously, he drew the slat
  back and delivered a resounding WHACKK!! to the backs of Hua's thighs, midway
  between her knees and buttocks.  
&quot;Aaagghh!&quot;  
WHACKK!! &quot;Aughh!!&quot; Another to the thighs, a little higher.  
&quot;No more!&quot; Hua choked out through her tears. &quot; Please no more&hellip;.&quot;  
WHACKK!! &quot;Aiieiii!&quot; And a third, higher still, delivered with such
  impact that Slegg was sure that the petite pleasure girl had been able to budge
  the heavy crate slightly.  
WHACKK!! &quot;Aaaaaooww!&quot; The brawny Malayan whipped the slat into
  the tender seam at the base of Hua's quivering buttocks.  
&quot;Shove that that gag in 'er, Froggie. I'm tired of 'er whinin'.&quot;  
After Froggy had obliged Jasper Slegg, the dark-skinned islander began targeting
  Hua's delectable bottom, already sorely ravaged by Jasper Slegg's punishing
  rape  
WHACKK!! A nasty spanker across the very center of her derriere.  
WHACCKK!! Delivered with precisely the same stroke, it fell exactly on the
  mark the prior blow had left, and elicited an unintelligible cry of agony from
  the gagged beauty.  
WHACKK!! Another bum-burner, this one to the springy summits of Hua's delicious
  ass.  
WHACCKKK !!! A rising stroke that began below her knees and slammed into
  her bottom with such force that it nearly lifted her off of her feet. The shock
  of the recoil sent flames of agony through the succulent mounds imprisoned
  between the breast-crushing slats.  
Having softened up his prey, the predator undid his trousers. It was just
  as well that Hua could not see the size of Orang's phallus, which jutted out
  of the bushy undergrowth of his pubic hair like a tree trunk, dark and round
  and thick.  
But she felt it, the moment he plunged it into her love tunnel from behind
  with a single powerful thrust.  
&quot;Attaboy! Put it to 'er, 'Rang!&quot; Slegg goaded the dark-skinned
  giant.  
Orang grinned vacantly and placed his meaty hands under Hua's spread thighs
  and lifted them as if she were weightless, optimizing his angle of attack.
  He fucked her with bone jarring ferocity, punishing her with his mighty cock,
  his every thrust scraping her raw breast-flesh against the imprisoning slats.
  Luckily for Hua, the Malayan's stamina was not equal to his size and after
  two dozen jackhammer strokes, he came with convulsive fervor, bombarding her
  deep-set cervix with his copious sperm.  
Deng-shan had been watching the proceedings with ever-mounting excitement,
  and stepped forward intent on satisfying his own dark lusts. He began by removing
  the gag.  
&quot;Turn around, wench!&quot; he snapped, whistling his elm-switch off
  of Hua's slat-ravaged derriere.  
But of course Hua, whose breasts were trapped in the merciless grip of the
  rough wooden slats, could do no such thing.  
&quot;Please &hellip; help me&hellip;&quot; Hua begged, dreading the thought
  of dragging her tender breasts back through the sharp-edged strips of wood.
  Her misery was redoubled by the knowledge that if he had had an ounce of pity
  it would have take Deng only seconds to use the tools in his pouch to pry the
  boards.  
But there was no pity to be found in the hearts of the four men in that grim
  Kowloon warehouse.  
&quot; 'Turn around!' I said,&quot; Deng snarled, knowing full well the price
  Hua Ping would have to pay to extricate her breasts from the slats. Gloatingly,
  he recalled the look of utter contempt the prideful wench had given him when
  he had ogled her breasts earlier in the evening. He had resolved then that
  he would punish those luscious tits before the night was done, and he had no
  intention of renouncing that pleasure now. He took the switch back over his
  shoulder and gave Hua another stinging cut across her rounded buttocks.  
It took three more slicing cuts with the switch across her shapely posterior
  to convince the squirming coquette that her leering tormentor would whip her
  without mercy until she complied with his cruel demand. She braced her feet
  and pressed her hands against the slats that imprisoned her tortured breasts,
  hoping against hope that she could budge one of them somehow and free her treasures.
  But the top slats had been nailed securely to the crate frame and even if she
  had not been raped and beaten it would have taken the strength of the big Malayan
  to break one loose.  
THWICKKK!! The switch fell on her nether globes again. &quot;Hurry up!&quot;  
Half-maddened by pain, Hua pressed her hands against against the slats and
  prepared to pull herself free, knowing that pulling her breasts from between
  the unfinished wooden slats, would be as painful as cramming them into that
  narrow opening had been to begin with. She tried to raise her shoulders, but
  the pain was so intense that she had to stop.  
THWICCKK!! Another thigh-burner. &quot;Aaaaiahh!!&quot;  
&quot;Now, you lazy slut!&quot;  
Biting her lip to keep her mind off the pain that was to follow, Hua bent
  her legs slightly and tried again. And this time with a supreme effort she
  managed to extricate her blood-streaked breasts from the narrow opening, though
  it cost her dearly. She felt as if a thin layer of skin had been scraped from
  her treasures, and she leaned against the crate weakly, her back to her four
  captors, trying to gather her strength.  
&quot;Turn around, princess! Let's see 'em!&quot;  
Slowly, Hua Ping turned to face the four men, her arms bent protectively
  across her burning breasts.  
&quot;Let's see 'em, I said!&quot; Deng snarled, slashing the switch at her
  arms, intent on removing that last line of defense.  
&quot;Aaahh! All right &hellip; I will. But pl-please &hellip; don't hit
  them again,&quot; Hua whimpered beseechingly as she began to lower her arms.  
&quot;Nice. Very nice,&quot; Deng growled as he eyed Hua's tremulous, brown-tipped
  mounds. The livid marks left by the slats detracted not in the slightest from
  their amber-gold perfection. &quot;Put your hands together, slut! No not there,&quot; he
  snapped as Hua demurely crossed her hands over her pubic triangle. &quot;Behind
  your neck.&quot;  
Hua gulped. &quot;Please &hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Quickly!&quot;  
 A trembling Hua Ping lifted her arms and placed her wrists behind her ears,
  all the while shaking her pretty head, &quot;No.&quot;  
But Deng was not to be denied to the pleasure he had promised himself earlier,
  and he swung the switch again, aiming for the taut nipple-crests which had
  been spared the rigors of the breast-vise.  
THWICCKK!! &quot;AAAAGHHHH!!&quot; Deng sliced her aureoles with savagery
  and skill, the upper edge of the switch caressing the underside of her nipples
  with its wrathful kiss. Hua's small hands raced to cup her burning pleasure-mounds.  
&quot; 'Behind your neck', I said,&quot; Deng snarled. &quot;If you let your
  hands drop again, I'm going to spank these beauties,&quot; indicating Hua's
  crimson-streaked breasts, &quot;with the slat!&quot;  
&quot;No &hellip; no &hellip; not that,&quot; Hua murmured as she tearfully
  lifted her arms again, supremely conscious of how that movement offered her
  defenseless pleasure-globes as twin sacrifices to the diabolical switch.  
THWICCKKK!!! Deng sliced her left breast with a diagonal stroke which landed
  flush on her nipple.  
&quot;AAIH AIAHHH! AAHHH!!&quot; Hua bent forward in agony, but managed to
  keep her fingers linked.  
&quot;Straighten up!&quot;  
&quot;Please &hellip;.&quot;  
&quot; 'Rang, give me the slat!&quot;  
&quot;No I'll do it &hellip; I'll &hellip; d-do it,&quot; Hua whimpered.
  But her entire body was trembling as she pulled herself upright.  
THWICKKK!!! The handyman whipped the switch across the lovely concubines
  right breast with such force that the slender bough seemed to weld itself into
  her tit-flesh for the tiniest fraction of a second, before Deng pulled it away,
  pleased with the marks he had left.  
&quot;AAYAAHH!... Please &hellip; I can't take any more&hellip;&quot; Hua
  gasped, as the three men encircling her drank in the sight of her golden body
  shuddering in agony. The silken-haired concubine was only vaguely aware that
  one of the men had melted into the shadows, when a gravelly voice knifing through
  the dimness to her left augured further suffering.  
&quot;Bring the slut 'ere!&quot; Deng muscled the terror-stricken concubine
  toward the sound of the voice while Orang ripped the remnants of her panties
  from her body with a single powerful tug, leaving her utterly naked.  
Jasper Slegg was lying on his back on the canvas, stroking his upright erection
  and grinning like a Cheshire cat. &quot;Climb aboard, Missy,!&quot; Slegg barked,
  as he gave his thick-veined staff a good squeeze. &quot;And mind you ride it
  nice and easy, like a good little wench!  
Deng positioned Hua Ping's slim body so that she straddled Slegg's cock-knob,
  and then forced her to lower her pretty love-slit down onto it, while Slegg
  pushed upwards with his hips.  
&quot;That's it, honey. Now bounce for Uncle Jesper!&quot;  
Hua Ping half-heartedly began to move her pelvis, Deng greeted her unenthusiastic
  response with another slicing cut of the switch.  
THWICKK!! &quot;Aiaaiiiee!&quot; Deng had aimed for the marks the slats had
  gouged in the upper slopes of Hua's pleasure-globes, and her cry of anguish
  was proof of his accuracy.  
&quot;That's it, sweetie, bounce on it, nice and slow. Just like you would
  for that old bastard, Fu Shien!&quot;  
Driven by fear, Hua Ping did her best to please the Englishman, but after
  a minute or two, she felt powerful hands pulling her shoulders from behind.
  It was the Malayan, who quickly switched his grip to her forearms and tugged
  her backward. Within seconds her knees and shins were flat on the canvas astride
  Jasper's hips, but her shoulders were bent backward until her deliciously flexible
  body lay almost parallel to the canvas, her head about even with Slegg's feet,
  her arms in the iron grip of the ape-like islander.  
Slegg never slackened his pelvic thrusts into Hua's painfully-arched body
  as he watched Orang, crouching at his feet, offer his bulbous testicles and
  swollen truncheon to Hua's upturned mouth. &quot;LICK!&quot;  
Hua's extended her pink tongue slavishly, grateful that for the moment at
  least she was being permitted to bathe in the bay of humiliation, rather than
  in the sea of pain.  
But her relief was to prove short-lived. Deng, towering above her beautifully
  arched body, was quick to exploit the helplessness of her position. The muscles
  in Hua's supple thighs were taut from the strain of her bent-back position,
  her golden-skinned belly was stretched flat as a drum, and her bitable brown
  nipples were quivering darts of desire that pointed upward like dark steeples..
  Deng licked his lips in anticipation, twirled the switch deftly in his right
  hand and snapped it downward, leaving a dark streak across Hua's belly, just
  finding the northern edge of her appealing tuft of pubic air.  
THWICKKK!! &quot;Unnnngghhh!&quot; Hua groaned, her mouth half-smothered
  by Orang's heavy genitals.  
&quot;Yeah! That put some bounce in the little slut!&quot; Slegg grunted
  through clenched teeth as his hips surged upward, ramming his cock-staff deeper
  into Hua's arched body. &quot;Give 'er another, Deng!&quot;  
THWICKK!! Deng struck again, a finger's width higher, leaving a fresh mark
  on Hua's taut-stretched belly.  
 The Malayan released her arms for a moment and reached for her breasts,
  crushing the soft, switch-ravaged globes in his powerful hands while Slegg
  continued to thrust upward with his hips, driving his penis deep into her tender
  pussy. Every thirty seconds or so Deng's evil switch renewed its slow course
  up Hua's beautifully arched body, as the carpenter painted one whistling brush-stroke
  after another on her golden skin.  
As the blows drew closer and closer to her tender breasts, Orang concentrated
  on her nipples, working the delicate buds between his thick fingers until they
  strained upward from her love-mounds with shameless abandon. His breast preparation
  complete, the Malayan re-gripped Hua's flailing forearms and mashed his lust-swollen
  genitals against Hua's face as if he were a dog and she a tree. Deng continued
  to wield the switch with religious fervor, applying THWICKK!! after TWHICCKK!!
  to her naked torso. When a blow missed the undercurves of a breast by an eyelash
  the inevitability of his cruel intent sent a horrified shiver through Hua's
  naked body.  
Slegg felt the convulsive spasming of her vagina around his surging cock. &quot;Oh,
  yeah! Oh, geesus, that's good! Get 'er tits while I come!&quot; Slegg groaned
  as he neared his climax.  
Deng-shan did not disappoint him. He drew the switch back at an angle and
  sliced the undercurves of Hua's breasts with a well-placed THWICCKK! that left
  a vivid mark across both of her succulent mounds.  
THWICKKK!! &ndash; &quot;Aiaaghhh!!&quot; Even the Malay's plum-sized testicles
  pressing against her mouth could not entirely stifle Hua's cry of agony as
  a second sizzling breast-cutter scored the upper edges of her sweet aureoles.  
&quot;Oh, YEAHH!&quot; Slegg groaned with pleasure as Hua's paroxysm of pain
  enveloped his manhood in a wave of pleasure. &quot;Work on those fucking tits!&quot;  
THWICCKKK!!! -- &quot;Aaaauughh!! Another, this one laying an oblique trail
  of fire across her pouting lust-globes that left them jiggling like mounds
  of gelatin.  
&quot;YEAH! YEAHH! YEAHHH!!&quot; Slegg roared, as he lunged forward ecstatically
  just as ...  
THWICCCKKK!!!! &quot;Arrrrghhhhh!! &hellip; a fourth, nipple-slicing coup
  de grace threw Hua's body into such contortions of agony that Slegg could not
  refrain from pulling the trigger on his lust. Wave after wave of pleasure swept
  through his body as he emptied his send into Hua's tunnel of love.  
Slegg fell back spent, just as the big Malay seized Hua's shoulders and pushed
  her supple upper body upright and then forward, forcing her to support the
  weight of her upper body by pressing her hands against the canvas-covered floor,
  her switch-marked breasts dangling above Slegg's face like a pair of beautiful
  and exotic fruit.  
And then she felt it. The thing she had been dreading above all others since
  her ordeal had begun. She could feel the pressure of the Malayan's thighs against
  the back of her legs and his big hands squeezing her resilient buttock cheeks
  with evident delight.  
&quot;N-no &hellip; for the love of heaven &hellip; no,&quot; she moaned
  as Jasper Slegg's hands slid caressingly up her flanks.  
&quot;Pretty,&quot; Orang intoned in a hollow voice as he fondled Hua's bottom-curves. &quot;Soft
  and pretty.&quot;  
But there was nothing soft or pretty about the bludgeon he pressed against
  Hua Ping's beautiful derriere. For the third time that night, the beautiful
  concubine felt insistent fingers gouging into her nether-ovals and then parting
  them, widening her seductive buttock cleft.  
&quot;NO!!&quot; she screamed in panic. She was powerless to attack the behemoth
  behind her, so she began flailing away at the Englishman beneath her, slapping,
  scratching, clawing.  
&quot;Ah, ye're a feisty one, ain'tcha?&quot; Slegg gloated as he fended
  her off her ineffectual blows. &quot;Get 'er arms, ye barstards!&quot;  
A moment later, Froggy seized Hua's right wrist and gave it a painful twist.
  Fearlessly the Chinese beauty kept aiming blows at Slegg with her other arm,
  until Deng, who, after delivering the final slash to her breasts, had stepped
  away to strap his tool pouch around her waist, grabbed her other arm. Within
  a heartbeat each of Hua's outstretched wrists, was firmly held by a sailor,
  leaving her impaled on Slegg's reviving manhood like a golden-winged butterfly.  
Just as Hua felt Orang's bulbous man-weapon beginning to press forcefully
  into her buttock-cleft, Deng converted his wristlock into a hammerlock, twisting
  her arm violently and using his right arm to force the back of her hand toward
  the base of her shoulderblade. Hua grimaced in pain as the earringed sailor
  moved closer and a moment later she felt the fingers of his left hand encircling
  the base of her left breast. Within the space of seconds, Froggy had copied
  his partner's plan of attack, and each of Hua's wrists was pinned high on her
  back, while the free hands of her assailants were pressing hard against the
  undersides of her breasts, offering her pendant lust-gourds to Slegg's greedy
  mouth.  
But she hardly noticed Slegg's oral caresses or the obscene and claustrophobic
  penetration of her ears by the moist tongues of Deng and Froggy because Orang
  chose that very moment to work the tip of his mighty crowbar of man-flesh against
  the entrance to her delicate rosebud.  
&quot;UNGHHPH! NO! &hellip; It can't possib . . . UNGHHH!!&quot;  
&quot;Aye, ram it in 'er, 'Rang!&quot; Slegg sputtered, pulling his mouth
  away from the breast which Deng's hand had molded for his pleasure.  
The big Malay tightened his grip on Hua's waist, his hairy, ape-like fingers
  so long that they almost completely encircled her tiny mid-section. Grunting
  with animalistic pleasure, he pulled her rounded buttocks tightly against him,
  enjoying the pressure of her perspiring flesh against his throbbing cock. The
  moisture from her fear-sweat, coupled with the viscous drop of semen on the
  tip of his man-weapon provided the only lubrication as he placed his horse-cock
  against Hua's forbidden ringlet and drove his hips forward.  
&quot;AUNGHHH!! MGPMPH!!&quot; Hua cried in anguish until her scream of pain
  and terror was stifled by Froggy's hand across her mouth.  
&quot;That's it, 'Rang! Jungle-fuck the thievin' 'ore!&quot; Slegg snarled
  as he lifted his hips, driving his revived phallus deeper into Hua's pussy-warmth. &quot;Not
  so 'igh and mighty are ye now, princess?&quot;  
&quot;MGHPHH! MGHPMFFPH!!&quot; Invaded by two deep-thrusting cocks, half-suffocated
  by the hand over her mouth, one ear violated by a marauding tongue, both wrists
  pinned painfully high on her back, her dark-tipped breasts under constant attack
  by Deng's free hand, her very breathing itself made difficult by the huge hands
  crushing her waist, Hua felt as if she were trapped in a claustrophobic vortex
  of flesh which would never end. A vortex kept in motion by the bullish lunges
  of the dark-skinned minotaur whose pile-driving erection impaled her more deeply
  with every punishing thrust.  
Fortunately for Hua the involuntary but intoxicating suctioning action of
  the tiny muscles in her anal passageway soon carried her assailant to the brink
  of ecstasy and beyond. He came inside her like an underground spring, drenching
  her back passage with his man-seed. The violence of his eruption triggered
  a similar explosion in Slegg's loins and moments later the wiry Englishman
  spurted another serving of rape-juice into Hua's quivering love-nook.  
Orang took his time extricating his huge erection from between Hua's shapely
  buttocks, but finally it popped free, making an odd sucking sound. He held
  his dripping phallus over her bottom and squeezed it a couple of times, allowing
  the last pearls of semen to seep into the lovely cleft of her derriere.  
Then, aided by Deng and Froggy, he pulled Hua off of a weary but grinning
  Jasper Slegg. Slegg scrambled to his feet and pulled up his trousers while
  the muscular Malayan pinioned Hua's arms behind her.  
&quot;D'ye remember me now, princess?&quot; Slegg snarled. &quot;It was eight
  or nine months ago, at the &quot;Inn&quot;. I'd 'eard you had the prettiest
  arse in Hong Kong, and I wanted a piece of it. You were wearing some kind of
  low-cut pink affair, and I remember watchin' you wiggle your way back to your
  room at the back of the &quot;Inn&quot;.  
Hua stared at Slegg intently once again as she tried to catch her breath.
  But she continued to draw a blank when she tried to single out this nondescript-looking
  man from the countless men she had entertained.  
&quot;At first you played along real nice, bending over and giving me a nice
  look at those fine young tits while you poured me a glass of rice wine and
  we dickered over the price. I was sitting in that big chair you keep for your
  johnnies, and you came over and straddled my legs, and unbuttoned that little
  pink dress and pressed those juicy tits against my face. I'd been at sea for
  two months and I went after those babies like a starving man. Never tasted
  anything so soft and sweet.&quot;  
&quot;I mouthed 'em nice and proper for a few minutes, 'til your nips were
  stickin' out as 'ard and as sweet as cherry pits. I remember muttering how
  I wanted to give it to you up the arse, but you kind of giggled and tried to
  change the subject, telling me 'ow you'd suck me Iron Duke until it was 'ard
  as an anchor if I liked, but that you didn't want me battening your aft hatch.  
&quot;And sure enough, you dropped down on your knees and took the Duke out,
  and you were as good as your word. He ain't never been polished so good before
  or since, and that's the Lord's truth. I still wanted to give yer arse a ride
  in the country, but you pouted and told me again that you didn't like it that
  way. But I had my heart set on mounting that sweet little arse, and like a
  bloody fool I opened up my wallet and took out a crisp new banknote. That must
  have been when you saw that I was walkin' around with a couple of months' pay
  and some gambling winnings to boot. You reached out and took the note from
  my hand, and blew me a kiss. Then you rolled the bill up into a tight little
  tube, flicked your nipples with it a couple of times and then you spun around
  and bent over and slid that note back and forth between your legs while you
  wiggled your bum in front of me face like a Kootch dancer.&quot;  
Slegg interrupted his story long enough to glance at Hua Ping. Recognition
  was beginning to dawn in her face. Her glance flitted nervously from one sailor
  to the other, but always returned to the tool-pouch that hung from Deng's waist.  
&quot;I grabbed you and turned you around and slid that pink dress up yer
  legs faster'n an ensign from Essex can raise the Union Jack. I remember being
  surprised that ye warn't wearing a stitch under it. Not that I was disappointed,
  mind. I gave those sweet cheeks a nice long squeeze and said, &quot; 'ow about
  it, Missy?&quot;  
&quot;You turned around and tasted the tip of the bill that you'd slid halfway
  up your pussy and winked at me, but nervous-like, and said, &quot;All right.&quot; But
  that we'd have to 'ave another drink first. To loosen you up, you said. And
  then you slipped out of your dress.&quot;  
&quot;The price of the drinks was stiff, but not 'arf as stiff as I was.
  I remember how that pretty bum jiggled while you walked over to that little
  table, and how you hummed a little tune and gave it a nice little wiggle while
  you poured the drinks. Never occurred to me to keep an eye on your hands.&quot;  
&quot;I was so randy I downed that drink faster than the winner of a A-rab
  camel-race, but you knew it would take a few minutes to take effect, so you
  did a little dance for me. Swaying back and forth, just out of arm's reach,
  runnin' that pretty tongue over yer lips until they was as wet as the bottom
  of me glass. I remember how you used the sides of your arms to squeeze yer
  tits together, as you reached down and stroked the insides of your legs 'til
  I could see the dew on yer pussy-hairs.  
&quot;Finally I couldn't take it no more and I jumped out of the chair. Right
  away I felt a bit dizzy-like, but I just thought I'd gotten up too fast. Quicker'n
  you can say 'Sherwood Forest' I had your sweet arse bent over some floor pillows
  as nice as you please. I was just primin' my cannon when the drink you'd laced
  hit me broadsides. And I woke up the next morning in an alley behind a stinkin'
  fish market, naked as a jaybird and without a farthing to me name.&quot;  
&quot;Twenty quid you lifted from me that night sweetie,&quot; Slegg growled,
  his story completed. &quot;But I 'spose me and the boys have just about taken
  that out in trade. But we deserve a little something for our trouble, too,
  wouldn't ye say?&quot; He lifted Hua's face and stared into her almond-shaped
  eyes with a baleful expression. &quot;Fu Shien's one of the richest blokes
  in South China. And I'm sure as Stanley was about Livingstone, that he's given
  some shiny baubles to his favorite plaything. And we want our share. Don't
  we lads?&quot;  
Hua Ping trembled as three voices dripping with avarice answered Slegg's
  question with muttered 'Ayes'.  
&quot;But I'm just a poor girl &hellip; a farmer's daughter &hellip; I have
  noth &hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Bend 'er forward a bit, 'Rang.&quot; The voice, deep and malicious,
  was Deng's.  
&quot;But &hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Where do you keep the gold?&quot;  
&quot;But I don't &hellip;  
Thwuck!! Deng drove an uppercut into the yielding softness of Hua's left
  breast just as Orang released his grip on her arms.  
&quot;UNGHGGHHH!&quot; The force of the blow drove Hua to her knees. Slegg
  allowed her to cradle her aching breast in her soft hands for half a minute
  or so before signaling to Orang to drag her to her feet.  
&quot;Fancy a go at those tits, Froggy?&quot; Slegg leered, while the powerfully-built
  Malayan finished pinioning Hua Ping's arms behind her.  
&quot;Aye, what do you think?&quot; the burly Chinese grinned as he eyed
  Hua Ping's luscious lust-mounds. &quot;The gold, honey!&quot; Froggy snarled. &quot;Where
  is it?&quot;  
&quot;Unhh! Unhh!&quot; Hua panted in a voice choked with pain. &quot;You
  have to belie &hellip;&quot;  
THWUCKKK!! Froggy answered her stubborn denial by punching Hua's other breast,
  his bony knuckles sinking deep into her resilient tit-flesh.  
&quot;AAAUUGHHHH!!&quot;  
&quot;What about it, Missy&quot; Slegg snarled, grasping a handful of Hua
  Ping's glossy mane and snapping her head back. &quot;We can continue our little
  chat all night, if ye like.&quot; Deng and Froggy had done well. While they
  had been careful not to use their full strength, their punches had landed squarely
  and solidly on Hua's superb breasts. Her muffled groans of anguish and their
  swaggering leers as they eyed their fists with manly pride, provided ample
  evidence of that.  
Hua Ping struggled furiously, but there was no escaping the Malay's iron
  grip.  
&quot;I'll believe what I choose to believe, Missy. What've ye got in yer
  bag of tricks, there, Deng?&quot;  
&quot;These are a little dusty, Slegg&quot; Deng mumbled, as he drew a pair
  of needle-nosed pliers out of his pouch. &quot;Can't remember the last time
  I used these.&quot;  
&quot; 'ave ye ever seen a pair of these before, Missy?&quot; Slegg asked,
  as held the pincer-like device up in front of Hua's face.&quot;  
She stared at it in horror and tried again to break free from the Malayan's
  grasp.  
&quot;Save your strength, Missy.&quot; Slegg muttered as he slowly opened
  and closed the metallic jaws of the pincers, giving Hua Ping an idea of the
  pressure they could exert. I've seen 'Rang wrestle a three hundred-pound bear;
  there wouldn't be much chance of your breaking free would there now?.&quot;  
&quot;Please &hellip;. Please&hellip;.&quot; The quaver in her voice bespoke
  the stark terror in her Hua's luminous brown eyes.  
&quot;Where do you keep the loot, Missy?&quot; Slegg muttered as he opened
  and closed the pincers again.  
&quot;I don't know &hellip; I don't have any &hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps here would be best,&quot; Sleng mused aloud, as he pressed
  the open mouth of the tool against the base of Hua's left nipple. &quot; Or
  better yet, here,&quot; he corrected himself. &quot;Right on the tippy-tip,&quot; he
  added, moving the tiny jaws ever so slightly so that they encircled the very
  tip of her nipple without quite touching it. He glanced at his comrades for
  approval. &quot;Not a bad place to start, eh, matey&quot; he winked at Deng.  
&quot;No &hellip; please &hellip;.&quot;  
&quot;Tell me, you thieving whore,&quot; Slegg whispered as he squeezed the
  handle of the pliers so that its jaws closed gently around Hua's trembling
  breast-tip, but carefully refraining from adding any pressure..  
&quot;I don't kn &hellip; AAAAIGHHH!!&quot; Hua Ping's denials were interrupted
  by a cry of agony as an impatient Jasper Slegg squeezed the handle of the pliers,
  allowing its metal jaws to bite into the tip of her exquisite nipple. He held
  them in place for a fraction of a second, enjoying the frantic writhing of
  Hua's naked body, and then relented, easing the pressure.  
&quot;Let's try again, Missy. Where 'ave you hidden Fu Shien's gold?&quot;  
&quot;You don't understa &hellip;.&quot; AAAAGHHHH!!! &quot; 
    
Slegg held the jaws of the pliers closed together a bit longer this time,
  allowing the metal to sink still deeper into the straining brown breast-nugget,
  while Hua's ebony tresses flew from side to side as if that desperate act of
  negation could somehow assuage her pain.  
 When Slegg finally released her nipple, Hua's chin slumped down on her violently
  heaving chest as she tried to catch her breath.  
&quot;I understand very well, Missy. You're sitting on a nice little nest
  egg in gold and jewels, and we want to know where it is,&quot; Slegg mumbled.  
Hua gave vent to a long sigh of relief as Slegg lowered the pliers from her
  left breast, only to turn rigid with fear as he cupped her other switch-streaked
  breast in his hand and waved the pliers in front of her nose. &quot;And you're
  going to tell us!&quot;  
 &quot;No &hellip; not again &hellip; NO!!!! Slegg trapped the sweat-moistened
  tip of her other breast between the fiendish jaws and began to pull, tugging
  her love-mound away from her chest wall.  
 &quot;AAAIAAAAHHH!!&quot;  
 &quot;Don't be a fool, Missy. Tell us and we'll be on our way.&quot; Slegg
  said as he eased the pressure, and turned to his partners. &quot;Care to lend
  a hand, Froggy?&quot; he asked his heavy-set crony before glancing at Deng. &quot;What
  else 'ave you got for us then, mate?&quot;  
 Before Deng could say a word, Froggy was reaching for the tool pouch. He
  came away holding the wooden handle of a carpenter's awl, a tool with a long,
  pointed tip midway between a needle and a nail.  
 Hua stared at the sharp-tipped instrument in horror. &quot;Please &hellip; you
  can't.&quot;  
 &quot;Ah, but he can, Missy,&quot; Slegg gloated as Froggy pressed the tip
  of the awl painfully into Hua's fleshy left hip and began to scrape it slowly
  up her flank. &quot;And he will.&quot;  
 Slegg squeezed the handle of the pliers again, crushing the dark crest of
  Hua's tortured breast-bud anew. Then he gave the instrument a quick quarter-turn,
  compounding her agony. Hua struggled frantically in Orang's grasp, but Slegg
  did not slacken his grip until Froggy had scraped the tip of the awl all the
  way up Hua's delicate ribcage and had it poised against the underslope of her
  breast. Slegg released the pressure on her nipple just as Froggy jabbed the
  awl-tip into her breast.  
 &quot;Aiaahhh!&quot; Hua gasped in pain as she felt the tool dig into her
  breast, stabbing into the flesh of her sensitive love-mound without quite piercing
  it.  
 &quot;The gold, Missy! Where is it?&quot;  
Hua's glare of defiance enraged the two men. His face contorted into a sadistic
  leer, Froggy pulled the awl back and jabbed her again, just below the nipple.
  A moment later Slegg and Froggy fell into a dreadful rhythm, taking turns using
  the pliers and the sharp-pointed awl on Hua's defenseless breasts.  
&quot;Where is it?&quot; Slegg hissed, as he worked the pliers a little further
  down Hua's nipple, seizing the mahogany bud by its base and twisting it viciously.  
&quot;Aaaghhhhh!! I &hellip; I cannot &hellip;&quot;  
&quot;You can't what?&quot; Slegg snarled as Froggy jammed the awl into the
  side of Hua's left breast, drawing another tortured moan from the dark-eyed
  beauty.  
&quot;They &hellip; AAAaaagghhh!! &hellip; they are gifts &hellip; from Fu
  Shien &hellip; Ooouwwwww!! Please &hellip; you're killing me&hellip;.&quot;  
&quot;I don't care if they're gifts from the bloody emperor!&quot; Slegg
  gave his wrist a quick turn, adding to the pressure on Hua's nipple.  
&quot;Auuughhh! But with Fu Shien &hellip; they &hellip; they are gifts only
  while I remain in good favor. Aaaiiaaah! If he should tire of me &hellip; if
  he should demand them back, AAUGHH!! Hua Ping paused and tried to catch her
  breath. &quot;And &hellip; and I could not produce them &hellip; his men would
  tear me to pieces.&quot;  
Froggy stabbed the awl into the acorn-brown aureole of Hua's breast, just
  below her uptilted nipple. &quot;Listen, Missy! If you don't tell us where
  you've hidden them, WE'RE going to tear you to pieces!&quot;  
 Hua cried out again and tried once more to free herself, and somehow managed
  to extricate her sweat-slick nipple from the crushing grip of Slegg's pliers.
  But she could not escape Orang's punishing armlock.  
 The three men paused from their labors for a moment to enjoy the cock-thrilling
  sight of Hua Ping's lusciously naked body squirming in Orang's arms. The unevenness
  of the light given off by the oil lamps played a tantalizing peek-a-boo with
  the curves and hollows of her hourglass-shaped figure as she twisted from side
  to side, illuminating her honey-gold flesh in its amber glow. Slegg felt his
  manhood stiffening yet again, revived by the sight of Hua's wriggling, dark-triangled
  pelvis, the enticing slimness of her waist, and the delicious ripeness of a
  pair of martyred breasts, both of which were awash with perspiration and one
  of which was tinged with crimson. The gossamer-thin stream of blood, Slegg
  noted, oozed from a subcutaneous scarlet spring just below her left aureole
  -- the attack-point of Froggy's final thrust with the awl.  
 But it was not only Hua's body that was so seductive. There was something,
  or many things, in her eyes that invested the domination of her nubile young
  body with an added fillip of pleasure. There was fear and panic in those brown
  eyes to be sure, but there remained also a man-challenging insolence and arrogance
  that heightened the thrill he had felt each time he had whipped her with his
  belt, each time he had driven his cock deep into her splendid young body, each
  time he had trapped one of her taut, teasing nipples between the jaws of the
  pliers.  
 There was an intelligence in those flashing, almond-shaped eyes too. Despite
  the depths of her bodily suffering, and despite her desperate attempts to extricate
  herself physically from her plight, there was an alertness about Hua Ping,
  a sense of enhanced awareness of her predicament, that kept the fires of lust
  burning bright in his loins. At this point in her ordeal, he would have expected
  that the spark and spirit which distinguished her from Fu Shien's other comely
  concubines would have been utterly crushed, that she would have been reduced
  to a non-responsive puppet with a very desirable body.  
 But there was something in those eyes . . .  
 &quot;Bring her over here.&quot; Deng's menacing voice interrupted Slegg's
  musings. The ship's carpenter was standing alongside the tallest of the shipping
  crates. &quot;I've got something that'll make her talk.&quot; Slegg noticed
  that the handyman seemed to be clutching something, in his left hand, but in
  the flickering light Slegg couldn't make out what it was.  
 Orang wasted no time in muscling the struggling beauty toward the crate. &quot;That's
  it. Press her right up against it,&quot; Deng directed as Orang forced Hua's
  naked body, face- first against the wooden crate, so that its upper edge cut
  into the tender flesh guarding her ribcage. &quot;Closer, 'Rang! Hold her nice
  and tight.&quot;  
 Orang dutifully bent Hua forward, so that the soft globes of her breasts
  were displayed atop the packing crate, naked and defenseless, perfect targets
  for whatever form of mistreatment the handyman had in mind.  
 It was only then, as Deng moved closer to Hua's helpless nudity, that Slegg
  caught a glimpse of what he held in his hand. It was a simple iron chisel,
  a tool capable of performing all sorts of useful functions. But never, Slegg
  guessed, a function like the one on which it was about to be employed.  
 &quot;No! &hellip; NO!!!&quot; Hua screamed, as Deng slowly turned the bevel-edged
  tool over in his hands as he scraped it back and forth across the tops of Hua's
  quivering breasts, letting her feel the coolness and hardness of the unforgiving
  metal.  
 &quot; 'ow about it, Missy?&quot; Slegg asked. I'd 'ate to spoil Deng's
  fun, but I'll give ye one last chance. &quot;Where's the gold?&quot;  
 &quot;Please &hellip;&quot;  
 Deng tapped the edge of the chisel against each of Hua's breasts in turn,
  enjoying the yielding resiliency of her shapely love mounds. Softly and first,
  and then a bit more firmly, enjoying the expectant &quot;Ah!!!'s&quot; that
  each blow drew from Hua's pretty lips.  
 But after thumping the blade of the chisel into her tit-globes a few more
  times, Deng changed his grip, and held it in a more business-like manner, so
  that its beveled tip pointed down. Then he pressed the chisel-tip against the
  top of Hua Ping's left breast.  
 &quot;The gold, Missy,&quot; he muttered as he scraped the tip of the chisel
  downward over the sweat-sheened slope of her love-mound. &quot;Where have you
  hidden the gold?&quot;  
 Hua's body was oscillating like a grove of young bamboo in a typhoon, but
  there was no escaping the grip of the big Malayan, whose tree-trunk thighs
  pressed against hers and whose brutal arm-lock had deprived her of all mobility.  
 &quot;No &hellip; for the love of heaven &hellip;. You can't!&quot; Hua
  cried as she felt the beveled edge of the chisel come to rest against the upper
  edge of the base of her nipple.  
 &quot;Where's the gold?&quot; Deng asked again, as he pressed harder with
  the tool, isolating the tip of her breast and pinning it mercilessly against
  one of the slats lining the top of the crate.  
 &quot;Please &hellip; I don't &hellip; I can't &hellip;&quot;  
 Slegg and Froggy watched spellbound as Deng's other hand slipped into the
  tool-pouch around his waist. It emerged a moment later, holding a small mallet.  
 &quot;No &hellip; No!! &hellip; NO!!!&quot; Hua screamed as Deng lifted
  the mallet, holding it poised a few inches above the handle of the chisel. &quot;You'll
  cut it off!&quot;  
 &quot;No, Princess,&quot; Slegg gloated as he reached out and gave Hua's
  right buttock a salacious squeeze. &quot; 'e won't cut it off. Least-wise,
  not anytime soon. You'd be surprised how much punishment a pretty pair of nipples
  can take. Give 'er a friendly love-tap, Deng.&quot;  
 Deng's eyes were ablaze with excitement as he gently let the hammer fall.
  The crafty carpenter had applied a minimum of force but even so the soft thump
  the mallet made when it struck the chisel handle was drowned out by Hua's forlorn
  cry of anguish when the tip of the chisel drove deep into the base of her pleasure
  bud.  
 &quot;AAAAUGHHH!!!&quot; &quot;Hand me the tools, lad. Let me get the other
  one.&quot;  
 &quot;NO!! &hellip; You'll kill me&hellip; PLEASE, NO&hellip;.&quot;  
 &quot;Where do you keep the old barstard's gold, Missy?&quot; Slegg muttered
  as he took the chisel from Deng and tried to pin her other nipple to the crate.
  But Hua Ping's terror and pain had invested her with a strength that she did
  not know she had and she thrashed about convulsively trying to escape Orang's
  mighty grip. It took the three men nearly a minute and a breath-robbing punch
  to her navel to re-assert their mastery over her naked body and to position
  her properly over the crate again.  
 But once Hua's mouthwatering right breast was positioned properly against
  the unforgiving crate, Slegg pressed the blade of the chisel firmly against
  her swollen nipple.  
 &quot;Not again &hellip; Please &hellip;. Not Again &hellip;&quot;  
 Slegg held the mallet poised over the chisel as if it were the Sword of
  Damocles, marveling at the shapeliness of Hua's love-globes, displayed to perfection
  on the sacrificial altar formed by the rough-hewn slats of the crate. Then
  he let the mallet fall, gently, but even the mildest of blows drove the blade
  of the chisel deep into Hua Ping's delectably firm nipple-bud.  
 &quot;OHHHWWGHH!! AAAUUAAAHHHH!!!&quot; Hua's voice rose from her throat
  in strangled sobs. &quot;Please &hellip; no more &hellip; I will tell you.&quot;  
 &quot;That's the spirit, Missy,&quot; Slegg mumbled good-humoredly as he
  wiped the blade of the chisel against the curve of her breast as if he were
  wiping a butter knife clean on a crust of bread.  
 Her voice choked with pain and fear, a distraught Hua Ping at last confessed
  that there was a hidden compartment in her dressing table, and that she had
  concealed the key to it in the back of a picture frame. And that the small
  compartment contained a jewel box in which she had hidden her gifts from Fu
  Shien.  
 &quot;Ye'd better be telling me the truth, Missy,&quot; Slegg cautioned
  her. &quot;Because, 'Rang and I are stayin' here with you, while these two
  pay a visit to your little abode. And if they come back empty-handed &hellip;&quot; Slegg
  gave her nude body an admiring glance that made it abundantly clear that he
  wouldn't mind beginning again.  
 &quot;It- it is the truth,&quot; Hua pleaded hysterically. &quot;I swear
  it. Tell them to go to my house and you will see.&quot;  
 &quot;Be off wi' ye, then,&quot; Slegg instructed Froggy and Deng. He chose
  that duet because the former knew the neighborhood intimately and the latter
  was not only capable of breaking into The Forbidden City, but he was also the
  man in Asia that Slegg trusted most to see to it that Froggy didn't skim off
  an article or two for his private account.  
 ********  
 The two housebreakers returned an hour later, but Slegg and Orang had hardly
  let their final minutes with Hua Ping go to waste. The big Malayan had done
  yeoman service holding Hua prisoner while his mates had put the instruments
  in Deng's tool pouch to use. Freed of that responsibility, he made up for lost
  time, beginning by backing the petite concubine against one of the crates,
  and then hoisting her thighs high on his hips and driving his dark phallus
  into her inviting girl-slit. Then he spun her around so that he could brace
  his massive weight against one of the crates while he bounced her naked body
  on his rutting cock almost effortlessly.  
 As he did so, Slegg picked up the leather strap Froggie had discarded earlier
  and began applying it to Hua's splendid derriere, enjoying the delightful pulsating
  of the muscles in her buttocks each time the strap left its mark. For his part,
  Orang thrilled to the way each of Slegg's slashing blows impaled the petite
  concubine ever deeper on his monstrous organ.  
 The big Malayan lasted rather longer than before, and Slegg had time to
  deliver nearly two-dozen withering strokes to Hua's dancing bottom-curves before
  the islander erupted inside her with a volcanic frenzy.  
 And then it was Slegg's turn to slake his lust on Hua Ping one final time.
  He hoisted himself into a seating position on the edge of one of the crates
  so that Hua could worship him with her mouth from a standing position. Dreading
  his ire, she once again used every secret of her art to please him, using her
  hands to cup his testicles in a feathery grasp while her lips and tongue danced
  attendance on his veiny man-weapon, once again nurturing it into a throbbing
  tower of flesh.  
 Hua Ping's skillful ministrations would have excited an octogenarian vicar,
  but Slegg's sexual pleasure was enhanced even more by watching the Malayan
  maul her breasts throughout that prolonged bout of oral lovemaking. The dark-skinned
  giant stood right behind her, the fronts of his massive thighs pressed tightly
  against her buttocks while he ravaged her tender breasts with his bare hands.
  Slegg was transfixed with lust as he watched Orang's teak-colored hands wander
  freely over Hua's honey-gold love mounds.  
 The Malay began gently enough, sliding his hands under Hua's tender breasts
  and lifting them slightly, propping them up for Slegg's delectation. He hefted
  them a few times, bouncing them gently on his index fingers, as Hua's tongue
  began its adoration of Slegg's up-tilted tower of flesh. Then, with a skill
  surprising for a brute of his size, he began fingering her nipples, teasing
  Hua's chisel-bruised love-nuggets until the tortured buds began to respond
  to his touch. Once they had begun to stiffen, he trapped them between his index
  and middle fingers, and plucked them assiduously, working them until they strained
  upward and outward for Slegg's voyeuristic pleasure.  
When Hua's nipples had been properly prepared, Orang turned once again to
  her breasts themselves, squeezing a shapely breast in each huge dark hand,
  aiming her distended nipples at Slegg's grinning visage.  
The Englishman groaned with pleasure as Hua Ping's soft lips closed on his
  cock-staff, just as the Malay began to knead her breasts more roughly. He mashed
  the soft globes together, released them, letting them to spring back to their
  normal position, and then took them in his hands again, repeating the sensuous
  cycle tirelessly, each time fondling Hua's sweat-moistened breast-globes more
  roughly than he had before.  
Finally, Slegg, stepping back from the precipice of desire, hopped off the
  crate and he and Orang led their tempting captive toward a narrow wooden bench
  in a dark corner of the room. They quickly positioned the exhausted concubine
  on her back on the long, low bench and Orang, kneeling at the head of the bench,
  gripped her wrists and pulled them down toward the floor. Meanwhile Jasper
  Slegg straddled the bench so that his throbbing phallus was pressing into her
  midsection, its single Cyclopean eye trained on the valley between Hua Ping's
  firm young breasts.  
Slegg's hands closed on her mounds, much as Orang had done, cupping them
  from the sides and pressing them together gently, inching forward on her body
  all the while until his swollen manhood was in position at the southern end
  of the sweet canyon of cleavage. Then he lunged forward slightly while at the
  same time pushing inward on her breasts so that the soft mounds of flesh pressed
  caressingly against either side of his twitching manhood.  
&quot;Oh, Geeesus, that's good. 'ow d'ye like that, Missy? 'avin' a nice
  thick English cock between those pretty tits? Oh, Geesus!! &quot; he exclaimed
  again, as his strokes began to come faster. The speed with which he thrust
  his hips was offset by the mounting inward pressure his hands applied to Hua's
  breasts, making his phallus's passage between them ever deeper &ndash; and
  more pleasurable.&quot;  
&quot;Stick that pretty tongue out, Missy, and give the Duke a little lick
  when it slides through. Yeahh. That's it. Right on the tip. 'old 'er tight,
  big fella, so I can fuck these babies nice and proper.&quot;  
Again and again Slegg, red-faced and sweating like a pig, plunged his dagger
  of man-flesh into Hua's delicious cleavage, exulting in the intoxicating pleasure
  of the most thrilling tit-fuck he had ever experienced. And despite his previous
  sexual exertions he came profusely, spitting spurt after spurt of semen onto
  Hua's pouting lips and the ripe-nippled breasts which had afforded him so much
  pleasure.  
 ********  
Slegg was still wiping the last of his cock-come on Hua's breasts when his
  cronies returned.  
&quot;We've got it boss,&quot; Deng said excitedly, waving the jewel box. &quot;And
  the little whore wasn't lying. There's gold aplenty, and jewels too! And necklaces,
  bracelets, earrings&hellip;&quot;  
Slegg took the jewel-encrusted box from the carpenter, pried open the lid
  and glanced at its sparkling contents. He whistled softly before exclaiming, &quot;We've
  'it the bloody jackpot, lads, we 'ave.&quot;  
Meanwhile the recently returned Froggy was turning a protesting Hua Ping's
  nearly limp body face down over the narrow bench, positioning her rosy, freshly-strapped
  buttocks for a valedictory assault.  
&quot;Please &hellip; No more &hellip; I have given you what you wanted.&quot;  
 Slegg meanwhile had gone to the window and glanced toward the heavens. &quot;Sorry,
  Froggy, but there's no time. It'll be daybreak in less than an 'our, and we'd
  better be safely aboard the ' Dragon'   by the time it
  comes.&quot; The deep crease in his brow betrayed his concern. &quot;If Fu
  Shien catches us, 'e'll feed us to the bleedin' sharks.  
 &quot;Aww, Slegg.&quot; Froggy groused as he gouged his filthy finger nails
  into Hua's springy bottom-cheeks. &quot;I hurried back on my bad leg so that
  I'd have time to give her one last ride.&quot; He slid his swollen man-meat
  out of his trousers and gave it a few good strokes. &quot;I'll make it fast,
  boss. Just give me a few quick pumps inside that &hellip;&quot;  
 &quot;Sorry, mate,&quot; Slegg interrupted him sternly. &quot;I'll be blowed
  if I want to deal with Fu Shien's goons just cause you 'ad to 'ave one last
  roll in the 'ay with our little princess.&quot; Slegg turned to Deng. &quot;Tie
  'er to the bench, Deng. And tie 'er good.&quot;  
 Slegg grabbed a handful of Hua Ping's dark tresses and lifted her tearful
  face to his own. &quot;Not to worry, Missy. Some of the Falcoln's boys'll be
  coming 'ere to pick up a shipment later on. That's why we've got to make our
  way back to the ship, quick-like. They'll turn you loose when they get 'ere.&quot;  
 Deng meanwhile had replaced the gag they had used to stifle Hua earlier,
  and was knotting it tightly behind her head. With the help of the muscular
  Malayan, he proceeded to bind the prostrate concubine's midsection tightly
  to the bench with a long length of cord. Once her torso was immobilized, he
  had little difficulty in bowing her upper body backward by hogtieing her slender
  wrists to her ankles, which had been bent back so forcefully that her toes
  were poised above her buttocks.  
Slegg ran his eyes over the alluring curves of Hua's painfully arched body
  one last time, wondering if he would ever again have the pleasure of dominating
  a woman of such youth and beauty. Then he met Hua's eyes again. &quot;Of course,
  Fu Shien's boys might want to 'ave a bit of fun before they let you go, but
  that's none of my affair, is it, Missy?&quot; A cold-hearted sneer crossed
  his face. &quot;In the meantime, ye can be thinkin' about how ye're going to
  explain to Fu Shien that 'is gold'll is 'arfway to 'aiphong.&quot; It wouldn't
  hurt, Slegg reasoned, to let the girl believe that their vessel was headed
  south toward the port of Haiphong; actually the Yang-tze Dragon   was
  bound for Shanghai, several hundred miles up the coast.  
 &quot;Let's go lads,&quot; he exclaimed, hefting the jewel box in one hand
  while he gave Hua's left breast an affectionate pat with the other. &quot;Crikey!
  That Fu Shien is one lucky barstard, ain't he?&quot; he exclaimed as he rolled
  her nipple between his fingers for a moment before giving the chocolate-brown
  nugget a final, gloating twist that brought tears to Hua Ping's eyes. Then
  he spun around and turned for the door. &quot;C'mon boys. The Laird'll be hoisting
  anchor at dawn.&quot;  
 At this mention of Andrew McMahon, the red-bearded captain of the Yang-tze
      Dragon,   Slegg's three comrades reluctantly bestirred themselves
      and followed him. Deng-shan brought up the rear, extinguishing the oil
      lamps as he did so before making his way to the door that led to the alley,
      and giving Hua Ping's naked body a final lecherous glance.  
 ********  
 When the four men filed out they left Hua Ping in the same utter darkness
  she had experienced upon first entering the harbor warehouse. Encased in her
  strict bondage, the muscles in Hua's limbs were burning before the sound of
  her attackers' footsteps had died away. But her bodily pain was matched by
  the terrors of the night.  
 The soundless Stygian darkness enveloped her, save for a few pairs of yellow
  dots that moved furtively around the stone floor of the cavernous room, accompanied
  at times by the rustle of tiny footprints, and the sounds of small furred bodies
  rubbing against the bases of packing crates. At one point she felt the feet
  of a small nocturnal creature, no doubt attracted by the scent of sweat and
  blood, skipping lightly over an updrawn thigh. A moment later, when she felt
  a furry head nuzzling contentedly between her legs, her involuntary shudder
  of revulsion was so violent that her rocking body frightened the rodent away.
  Thenceforth, while she could occasionally see the gleaming eyes of his brethren
  huddled conspiratorially in the darkest corners of the room, they came no closer.  
 Worse, almost, than the sight of those yellow eyes, was the sensation of
  even tinier creatures, six and eight-legged ones, turning her nude body into
  a banquet table. She felt them everywhere &ndash; or thought she did -- on
  her limbs, in the valley between her breasts and in the pool of moisture formed
  by the cruel arch of her back. She felt their presence, between her legs, and
  in the cleft of her buttocks, and their every half-felt footstep seemed to
  bring her that much closer to madness.  
 It was only much later, when the first light of dawn began to stream through
  a window high on the eastern wall of the warehouse that she realized that it
  had not been insects which had tormented her so. Rather it was the rivulets
  of perspiration and semen and blood, whose halting, unsteady progress along
  the curves and hollows of her body had driven her half-insane.  
 Shortly after dawn Hua heard muffled voices in the alleyway outside, followed
  by the creaking sound of the warehouse door being opened. A moment later two
  men wearing the green garb of Fu Shien's minions stealthily entered the room,
  looking back over their shoulders to see if anyone in the alley had observed
  them.  
 &quot;Hurry up! Let's get the stuff and get out of here.&quot;  
 &quot;Right! In half an hour the streets will be swarmi &hellip; Hey, Lee &ndash; what's
  this we've got here?&quot;  
 Turning her head to one side, Hua saw that the taller of the two Chinese
  men had turned so that he was facing the low bench on which she lay. A leering
  grin swept across his face as he made his way slowly toward her, his companion
  in his wake.  
&quot;I heard that we were to pick up an expensive package, Lee,&quot; he
  smirked. &quot;But I wasn't expecting anything as nice as this.&quot;  
The shorter of the two men laughed rudely and joined his friend in raking
  Hua's defenseless nudity with his dark, thin-slit eyes, lingering longest on
  the curves of her taut-stretched thighs and the bold thrust of her dark-nippled
  breasts. He reached out and gave the rope binding her wrists to her ankles
  a little tug. &quot;Tight as a drum, Chao. Tight as a damn drum. It took a
  real pro to tie a girl up this tight!&quot;  
&quot;LMTPH MEEPH GOMHH!!&quot; Hua Ping screamed into the gag that choked
  her.  
&quot;You'll have to speak up, sweetie,&quot; the taller man, Chao, sneered
  as he bent down and picked up the leather strap the men from the Yang-tze
  Dragon   had left behind. He ran the strap through his fingers as
  he studied the dark streaks the strap had left on Hua's shapely buttocks and
  the red-edged marks the switch had left on her breasts. &quot;Yeah, Lee, the
  boys who hosted this little party knew what they were doing. I wonder if it
  was friends of ou &hellip;.&quot;  
&quot;What are you two doing in there!&quot; an authoritative voice boomed
  from the doorway. &quot;Didn't I tell you to hurry!&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, Tai &hellip; but have a look at what we found over here!&quot;  
A third man, a good-looking man of twenty-five with alert, intelligent eyes,
  took three strides toward his comrades and then stopped dead in his tracks
  when they stepped aside, giving him a clear view of the nude beauty roped to
  the bench. &quot;You fools!&quot; he exploded. &quot;Don't you know who she
  is? That's Hua Ping, one of the boss's girls. &quot;Untie her, you idiots.
  And be quick about it!&quot;  
 ********  
Freed from her bondage, Hua Ping was quickly transported to one of Fu Shien's
  palatial villas, where she spent the day resting and bathing her ravaged body
  in a series of scented baths, each of which was infused with potions and oils
  that soothed her soreness and did much to restore her youthful vigor. A long,
  sensual massage followed, administered by a pair of sylph-like sisters who
  used a feathery touch to apply healing unguents to her cuts and bruises. When
  the sisters were done, Hua Ping examined her body carefully in a gilt-edged
  mirror, and was relieved to see that the marks left by switch, strap and slat
  had already begun to fade, and that the sensitive indentations on her nipples
  would probably be of equally short duration.  
 When she learned that Fu Shien had ordered her to join him for a private
  dinner, she sent for Tai Kwok, the ward leader who had ordered his men to free
  her from the warehouse bench and whispered briefly into his ear. Tai listened
  to her for a moment, bowed and then hurried from the room.  
 Later that evening Hua, clothed in a pale, semi-transparent, loose-fitting
  nightgown that enhanced the honeyed tones of her skin, and Fu Shien, the magnificently
  robed Golden Falcon, shared a luxurious dinner of south Chinese delicacies.
  The men who had taken enjoyment in punishing the insolent young concubine,
  would hardly have known her by her manner. For in Fu Shien's presence, the
  artful concubine was the personification of female docility, knowing that the
  Lord of Kowloon doted on submissiveness, and that the punishment for impudence
  or insolence would be swift and sure.  
They were served by a bevy of almond-eyed maidens in their mid-teens, clad
  in brief tunics which displayed the enticing slimness of their limbs, while
  the trusted Tai Kwok stood guard in the doorway. A seven-spired candelabra
  of kaolin porcelain dominated one end of the low dining table, its large bright-burning
  candles redolent with the scent of jasmine even as they embraced the couple
  in its romantic glow.  
 At the conclusion of their splendid dinner Fu Shien had Tai Kwok usher the
  comely young table-servants from the room, and gestured for Hua Ping to sit
  beside him on his cushioned divan. While the ward leader stood with his back
  to them, stoically guarding the doorway that provided the only means of entry
  or escape, the Golden Falcon undid the belt of Hua's nightgown, and parted
  the silken garment, revealing her semi-nude body to his lustful gaze.  
&quot;I see why you are so fond of this candelabra,&quot; Fu Shien whispered
  ardently as his dark eyes caressed Hua's naked flesh. &quot;In the warmth of
  its light, my love, your skin is as the skin of a goddess.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you, my lord,&quot; Hua Ping whispered softly, as Fu's hands
  and mouth explored the smoothness of her dark-tipped breasts. Lifting his head
  from a well-tongued nipple a few moments later, Fu Shien urged Hua to recount
  the story of her abduction, in order, he said, that he might learn as much
  as possible about her assailants, that he might find them and take his revenge.
  But to a blushing Hua Ping, Fu Shien seemed to take a greater interest in the
  lurid particulars of her ordeal, which he insisted that she relate in humiliating
  detail, than in her descriptions of her attackers.  
As her story unfolded Fu Shien's elegantly manicured fingertips became more
  and more aggressive, massaging Hua Ping's still-tender breasts vigorously and
  groping roughly between her legs, almost as if he were trying to keep pace
  with the intensity of her attackers.  
When she came to the point in her tale at which the sailors had begun to
  interrogate her about the gifts she had received from Fu Shien, Hua's voice
  began to tremble.  
&quot;Go on. You must tell me everything, my love. Everything.&quot; Fu Shien's
  dark eyes narrowed and he leaned forward studying her face intently, while
  his hands continued to roam freely over her golden-hued flesh. He pressed his
  body close against her thigh so that she could feel the length and thickness
  of his erection even through the rich layers of silk he had donned for this
  bizarre banquet.  
When she told of how the sailors, in their lust for riches, had tortured
  her with the pliers and the awl, Fu had hung on her every word, insisting that
  she leave out no detail, while his fingers revisited the scene of the sailors'
  crime, plucking roughly at the sensitive buds her tormentors had so cruelly
  abused. Breathing excitedly, he asked, &quot;But you did not tell them, my
  love, did you? You were strong, were you not?&quot;  
&quot;I &hellip; I was brave, my lord,&quot; Hua gasped faintly, wincing
  under his touch. &quot;Until &hellip; until the chisel &hellip; and the hammer.
  It was terrible &hellip; the pain. Forgive me, my lord, if I have failed you.
  But I could not endure any more. I-I had to tell them&hellip;.&quot;  
&quot;Tell them? Tell them what?&quot; Fu Shien fumed at Hua, his talons
  tightening on the aroused nipples of his favorite concubine.  
&quot;Where I &hellip; where I &hellip; kept my &hellip; my jewel box.&quot;  
Fu Shien rose from the divan in a towering rage, overthrowing the ornate
  dining table, sending candelabra and porcelain clattering across the tile floor
  in all directions. &quot;You told them?&quot; he roared. &quot;The Okinawan
  Pearls? The Golden Lion? The Tibetan Rubies? All gone?&quot;  
Frightened, Hua Ping cast a glance at Tai Kwok who had been dutifully standing
  with his back turned to his amorous master until a flying teacup had bounced
  painfully off the spur of his ankle.  
Tai rushed forward and picked the still-burning candelabra off of the tile
  floor. Fortunately the fates had ordained that it was not destined to land
  near any of the priceless damasks and silks which were festooned from the walls
  and ceilings of the magnificent room. A curious expression stole over Tai's
  face as he replaced one of the large candles which had been dislodged when
  the candelabra had struck the floor. He went on to replace the other two, exercising
  unusual care as he fitted them back into their candle-holders.  
'Your Excellency &hellip;&quot; Tai began.  
&quot;Silence, you fool!&quot; The Golden Falcon snarled. &quot;Did you not
  hear how this wench betrayed me?&quot;  
&quot;Forgive me, your excellency, &quot; Tai began again, his attention
  momentarily diverted by the enticing curves of Hua Ping's torso. The silken-haired
  concubine cowered fearfully on the long divan, seemingly unconscious of the
  gaping opening in her nightgown. With an effort, Tai tore his eyes from her
  stunningly beautiful body and addressed the fuming warlord. &quot;But I must
  speak.&quot;  
Ignoring Fu Shien's wrathful scowl, Tai Kwok turned to a frightened Hua Ping. &quot;With
  your permission?&quot;  
Hua Ping curled her moist lips into a smile which seemed to offer the promise
  of sweet rewards. &quot;Please.&quot;  
&quot;Your Excellency, this afternoon, this young woman sent me to her home
  and asked me to return with this candelabra, saying that she hoped its warmth
  and light would bless your table this evening.&quot;  
&quot;What of it?&quot; Fu Shien snarled, still in a fury. &quot;She has
  played false with me!&quot;  
&quot;Nothing of the sort, Your Excellency. Please,&quot; Tai Kwok continued,
  extending the seven-spired candelabra toward the Golden Falcon, &quot;remove
  the candle on the left.&quot;  
Angrily, Fu reached out and snapped the candle from its holder. &quot;What's
  this?&quot; he exclaimed wonderingly as he saw something sparkling in the well
  of the candleholder. As he tipped the candelabra slightly, four tiny, perfect,
  pearls rolled into his hand. &quot;Are these the ones I gave you the first
  night we &hellip;&quot;  
Hua Ping bowed and nodded politely.  
&quot;Try the second candle, Your Excellency,&quot; Tai Kwow murmured softly.  
Fu Shien blew the second candle out and worked it free. &quot;Ah! One of
  the Tibetan Rubies! And here,&quot; he announced excitedly after extracting
  the third candle, &quot;is the Golden Lion!&quot; He held up the magnificent
  miniature. It was no larger than a fingertip, but the diamond-encrusted feline
  sparkled brightly in the remaining candlelight.  
One by one, the Falcon removed each of the seven candles, exultant at finding
  the rest of his treasures.  
&quot;My lord,&quot; Hua Ping whispered, &quot;I hope that you can forgive
  me for revealing the hiding place of my jewel box. I kept some inexpensive,
  gold-plated articles there, in a place that was not easy to find, but not too
  difficult either. I did so in case thieves, knowing of your fondness for me,
  should break into my house in hopes of laying their hands on the gifts you
  had so generously bestowed on me.  
&quot;When the four men began to &hellip; to hurt me, I knew that if I revealed
  the secret of the jewel box too easily, they would examine its contents carefully
  and perhaps conclude that I was hiding other things, far more valuable things,
  from them. And they would redouble their efforts, and I &hellip; I who am only
  a poor, weak creature, would not be able to resist them for very long.&quot;  
Tai Kwok stared at Hua Ping with wonder. How many women, he wondered, would
  have had such presence of mind in the same circumstances.  
Hua Ping continued, still speaking in a voice that was almost inaudible. &quot;So
  I-I did my best to endure their cruelties for as long as I could. But finally,&quot; she
  breathed softly, &quot;the pain was too much, and I told them the secret of
  the jewel box, hoping that my suffering would add credibility to my confession.
  My ancestors seem to have blessed my humble plan,&quot; Hua concluded with
  a blushing bow, &quot; for otherwise it could not have deceived my captors.&quot;  
 ********  
And so it was that the brave and beautiful Hua Ping was able to forsake the
  Inn of the Seventh Happiness to become the chief concubine of the mighty Fu
  Shien. From that night forward it was his bed alone that she warmed, and she
  warmed it with such surpassing skill that the humble farmer's daughter became
  both mistress and confidante to the insatiable Golden Falcon. The clever Tai
  Kwok also prospered as a result of his part in this affair, becoming Fu Shien's
  most trusted counselor and having his choice of all the delectable concubines
  whose young bodies had served his master so well.  
As for Jasper Slegg and his shipmates, there were curses aplenty when they
  learned that the booty they had won by tormenting the lovely body of Hua Ping
  was of relatively little value. Slegg and his men were never again to disembark
  at Kowloon or Hong Kong, for fear of falling into the hands of Fu Shien.  
However the remembered thrills of that night-long orgy of sexual violence
  provided them with ample consolation. Visions of Hua Ping's lovely derriere
  dancing sensuously to the rhythmic beat of the leather strap, of her perfect
  breasts bobbling deliciously at each bite of the rope-belt, of her taut brown
  nipples quivering as they awaited the cruel bite of the pliers, were to provide
  the stuff of dark and lustful dreams for months and years to come. As would
  the intoxicating memory of the warmth of the secret passages of her body, the
  sweet, contracting warmth that had closed around them and transported them
  to delights of virile ecstasy that none of them had ever known before.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Boccaccio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





