BDSM Library - Monique




Monique
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A true story of a Goddess using her slave for her pleasure.  Consenting lovers "play" over the course of a short weekend.Monique 
     
The surprise came via email on Friday afternoon as I was sitting in my office
  trying to wrap things up prior to our childless weekend. Monique and I being
  divorced parents always looked forward to our private weekends. No kids meant
  it was our time to do as we pleased and we had made no plans except to spend
  time alone and in bed. The sounds of a new email arriving rang out and I thought
  about not even looking given the time of day, but curiosity got the better
  of me and so I took a peek. It was a message from Monique. "Sweetie", she wrote, "I
  made some plans for us. I'll come to your place after I stop off and pick up
  a few items I need. I plan on my being at your place about 6pm. I want you
  to make us some dinner. I'll bring the food. Make sure you pull the proper
  things from the bag before I arrive. Love, M."  
It had been a month and a half since we last played. I started to grin and
  thought what an unexpected surprise. Monique and I met online about a year
  ago and after our first date, we both knew that we were meant for one another.
  The chemistry was all there. Besides that she was a gorgeous brunette with
  dark brown hair about 5'5" tall, blue eyes, very slender with sexy legs and
  the most beautiful breasts one could image; she also loved to play. It was
  a great combination. My thoughts turned to envisioning her body and being in
  her service. I quickly cleaned things up at the office. I wanted to get a head
  start on what was sure to be a wonderful evening. In no time had I organized
  everything for the next week and was in my car on the way home. The drive could
  not go fast enough. I arrived in about 20 minutes. Once inside I put away my
  things and raced to the bedroom where I fetched the bag filled with our toys.  
I unzipped the top and there lay a piece of paper with the words "Open Me!" atop
  the play items. I was surprised to see it and opened it right away. The note
  read as follows: "Slave, attached to this note is a contract that you will
  sign to enter into my services. I would strongly suggest that you read it carefully
  and follow all instructions to the letter. I knew that you would race home
  upon reading my email, so I have prepared for this event. Once your signature
  is on the contract, place it on the kitchen table and make sure you leave the
  key that I will need on top. Return to the bedroom, remove all your clothes
  and clean up before you place all play items neatly on the dresser or as appropriate.
  Once you have completed these chores lie on the floor. Then put on your choker,
  your mouthgag; tie your balls and then your feet to the spreader bar. Blindfold
  yourself before you cuff your hands behind your back and await my arrival."  
I flipped to the next page and there was a contract that read:  
I, ________________ hereinafter referred to as "slave, bitch, whore, pet,
  etc", does of his own free will, and being of sound mind and body, offer himself
  in consensual slavery to ________________ hereinafter referred to as Goddess,
  for the period beginning on ___________ and ending on _______________.  
Purpose The purpose of this slave contract is to instill all that such servitude
  implies. This contract is written to make clear the expectations of Goddess
  and the consequences for failure to live up to this agreement. This agreement
  shall serve as the basis for an extension of the relationship between Goddess
  and slave. With a signature, both Goddess and slave agree and accept that these
  terms and conditions cannot be altered in any way except by mutual consent.  
Duties    
&#65533;It is the duty of slave to please Goddess at all times and at her
  whim. &#65533;Personal duties provided by slave include tending to all physical
  and emotional  
needs of Goddess. &#65533;Slave shall address Goddess as &quot;Goddess&quot; at
  all times without fail. &#65533;Slave will serve Goddess as her sexual toy,
  servant, dog, pony, toilet, ashtray,  
furniture, or in any other capacity Goddess deems. &#65533;Slave is required
  to obey all commands given by Goddess within the constraints of this document. &#65533;The
  method and type of discipline, with the exception of physical and mental abuse,
  is the sole responsibility of Goddess.  
&#65533; When physical discipline is applied (includes hands, flogger, crop,
  etc.) slave will count out loud the number of strokes he is to receive and
  express his thanks to Goddess for her attention. If slave loses track of the
  count, the count will begin from the start.  
&#65533;Once the discipline has been completed, slave will be forgiven and
  the cause forgotten. &#65533;Slave shall be naked, collared with leash in mouth
  upon Goddess' arrival unless  
instructed otherwise. &#65533;Slave will greet Goddess on all fours kissing
  her feet unless instructed otherwise. &#65533;Slave will shave groin and face
  daily or as instructed. &#65533;Slave will always eat at Goddess' feet unless
  instructed otherwise. &#65533;Slave will never stand above Goddess unless given
  permission. &#65533;Slave will never orgasm without explicit permission of
  the Goddess. &#65533;Slave will always remove ejaculate by mouth. &#65533;Slave
  will clean Goddess using his mouth at the conclusion of all sexual activity. &#65533;Slave
  will sit, stand, walk, kneel and lay where, when and how Goddess desires. &#65533;Slave
  shall reveal his thoughts, feelings and desires without hesitation or  
embarrassment. &#65533;Slave shall inform Goddess of wants and perceived
  needs, recognizing that Goddess is the sole judge of whether or how these shall
  be satisfied.  
SPECIAL CONDITIONS    
At NO time will the physical relationship (cyber, phone or real life) involve
  the following:  
 
   
    1. children  
   
   
    2. animals  
   
   
    3. abuse (mental or physical)  
   
   
    4. scat  
   
   
    5. life-threatening  
   
   
    6. body mutilation (including piercing, tattoos and branding).  
   
   
    7. blood play  
   
 
GODDESS RESPONSIBILITIES    
 
   
    1. Protect and defend the honor and name of slave.  
   
   
    2. Insure that slave never feels ignored or neglected.  
   
   
    3. Maintain an honest and faithful relationship with slave.  
   
   
    4. To assume absolute and total control of slaves mind, soul and body.  
   
 
I, slave ______________, offer my submission to Goddess _____________ under
  the terms stated above on this the _____ day of _____ in the year _____.  
Signature of submissive ________________________________  
I, Goddess ____________, offer my acceptance of slaves submission under the
  terms stated above on this the _____ day of _____ in the year _____.  
Signature of Dominant ________________________________  
I raced to the study, signed the agreement and quickly placed it on the kitchen
  table. I returned to the bedroom, removed all the items placing them neatly
  on the dresser: the 2 whips, cane and riding crop went to the right side. Going
  from right to left I placed the nipple clamps on the dresser, then the clothes
  pins, followed by the various dildos, the leather and nylon cuffs and finally
  the ropes: one very long one, one of intermediary length and the short on in
  the front. The items I needed were placed on the floor. As I checked to make
  sure I had all items as requested I noted our 'seat' that was still in it's
  original place. I pulled it out and placed it near the radiator. The seat was
  Monique's idea that she had from the last time we went toy shopping. It stared
  out as a plain looking plastic milk crate. Monique had me modify it by cutting
  out most of the middle of the front side and the middle part in front atop
  the crate. After filing all edges until they were smooth and adding more support
  and protection with Duct tape, she had me secure several kitchen towels to
  the top covering the sides as well as the middle and back of the create. Once
  turned around the contraption could thus be placed over my head and Monique
  could comfortably sit down with her pussy right over my face and mouth; a perfect
  seat or toilet.  
I undressed, put all clothing items away so that the room was unblemished
  and placed the items I need on the floor. I looked at the clock on the dresser
  next to the bed and noted that I had been in such a hurry that hardly any time
  had passed. The clock read 4:45pm. As I was about to proceed the phone rang.
  I hurried to answer and on the other end was Monique. "Did you follow all the
  instructions?" she asked. "Yes I did love", I replied. I heard her giggle. "Are
  you undressed and in the bedroom?" she inquired. "I am and have already placed
  everything as instructed". "So that means you are fit to be tied, yes? I let
  out a little sigh before responding: "yes I am love". "Why the sigh?" Monique
  asked. I glanced at the clock once more. 4:50pm the time read. "I, I, I don't
  know......I wish you were here already", I stammered. "I know. I know you just
  can't wait. I figured that you would rush home in the hope to get started right
  away. So that is why I have given you the instructions I did. Now stop talking
  on the phone and do as you were told", she said. Before I could respond I heard
  the click of Monique terminating the call.  
I hung up the receiver and moved to the middle of the bedroom floor in front
  of our queen-sized bed. First I placed the leather cuffs around my ankles.
  We had gone to a hardware store many months ago and Monique found these bolt-snap
  metal hocks that had two retractable spring-loaded latches at both ends. Perfect
  she said for quickly locking your leather cuffs. I clipped each around the
  metal ring on the cuff. Next I retrieved another one of Monique's inventions,
  a shoelace that she had pre-tied to so that a loop was exactly in the middle
  of the lace. I tied it around my balls so that the loop was centered and in
  the middle. I grabbed hold of the short rope and pulled it though the loop
  then tying it to the middle of the spreaderbar. I then latched the two metal
  hocks from the cuffs to the eyehocks already in place on the spreaderbar. With
  a click I was securely fastened. Next I retrieved the gag and placed it in
  my mouth tying it the back of my head. I placed the metal cuffs next to me
  and with a little difficulty I shifted from a sitting position on to my stomach.
  I took hold of the blindfold and placed it over my eyes. There really was nothing
  I could see anymore. I felt around for the cuffs. Once in my hand I cuffed
  the first clamp around my right wrist behind my back, followed by the one to
  my left wrist. I pushed down on each arm of the metal cuffs listening to the
  ratcheting noise, as it grew tighter.  
I was wondering if I had really been so thorough as to ensure that I was
  completely locked in place. I began to test my bonds. As I moved my feet downward
  I realized I had made the rope that ran from my balls to the spreaderbar to
  short. My balls were pulled away from my body. I winced. Not smart I thought.
  Then I shifted my hands a little and realized there was no way I was going
  anywhere. Suddenly the thought occurred to me that I had forgotten to place
  the key to the cuffs with the contract. In fact, I was unsure what I did with
  the key. I began to get concerned thinking about it and not remembering where
  the key was. There is nothing I can do at this stage, I thought. I began to
  relax. My imagination began to explode with thoughts about what will Monique
  do with me? I was excited. My cock was hard as a rock and throbbing below me.
  How I wished I could stroke it for just a second. Time passed. The phone rang.
  I shifted my head looking in the directing of the ringing noise. I wondered
  if it was Monique? Checking to make sure that I did not answer. Knowing for
  sure that I was unable to move. In fact, I started to wonder how much time
  did in fact pass? I thought for sure that Monique should be arriving any moment
  judging by the level of discomfort my wrists and balls were experiencing. Nothing,
  time kept on moving forward and no Monique.  
Carefully I listened for any noise: a door being shut, footsteps coming toward
  the bedroom, anything. Every so often I thought I did hear something, but after
  waiting a few more minutes and no one coming I had to assume that it was the
  wind given that it was early fall and a minor front had been predicted. The
  listening and waiting continued and continued and continued. Each passing minute
  caused my writs to ache more. Damn, I thought, I should have taken my time.
  I should not have closed the cuffs to tightly. I began to struggle a little.
  I was trying to add a little comfort to my situation. As I shifted back and
  forth I once more let my legs go down too far pulling my balls. It brought
  forth a muffled moan and I let my head come to rest on the carpet. Whap! A
  sting seared through my left buttock causing me to jerk my body. My concentration
  waned and my legs moved fast toward the floor. "Arrggghhhh", I muttered as
  my balls were pulled hard away from my body. "Now that is a sight to behold",
  Monique said. "This is worth a picture. Where is that digital camera when I
  need it? I know!" were the last words I heard before Monique left the room. "Mmmphhh",
  I groaned not wanting Monique to leave. I wanted her to unlock me. Seconds
  later she returned. 'Click, click, click' was the distinguished sound of the
  camera absorbing one image after the next of me tied to the floor. "Perfect",
  Monique said after taking what I would guess to be some 20 pictures. I lay
  there grunting trying to get Monique to uncuff me, but all I could hear was
  the rustle of a bag and the sound of Monique doing something.  
"I see that you managed to follow most of my instructions, but unfortunately
  you fell short. Actually, you fell very short. Did I not tell you to read the
  instructions carefully? What did I say? I would strongly suggest that you read
  the whole thing carefully! Did I not?" I groaned a response. It was meant to
  be an affirmative, but for all intents and purposes it could have been the
  Pledge of Allegiance. It would not have been audible. Monique continued: "how
  were you supposed to address me? Did I not hear you say 'yes love' instead
  of Goddess when we last talked? Did it not spell out in the contract that you
  are to address me as Goddess? Why do you not take the time to read carefully
  and then behave appropriately? Then I looked for the key to your cuffs and
  that is missing as well. It is obvious that you will require training. I would
  guess a lot of training. And, as I am sure you can guess, that will have to
  involve discipline. Apparently your memory needs a lot of guidance to ensure
  you recall your role, your position, your tasks and to offer you a clear understanding
  that you are here for my pleasure and only my pleasure."  
"Mmmphhh", I moaned once again in acknowledgement. Goddess moved toward me
  as I could sense her body and smell her sweet perfume. With a quick pull she
  untied the ballgag and removed it from my mouth. "Yes my Goddess", I managed
  to speak as I was attempting to relax my jaw muscles from the gag that had
  kept my mouth open and in a rigid position. "You may begin by kissing my feet
  slave. Show me that you are worthy of my time, my efforts to teach and train
  you. Kiss my feet, slave." In my blinded state I moved my head slowly forward
  and to the side of my now burning ass cheek to find the Goddess' shoe. I found
  it and kissed starting from the tip of her shoe moving back over the side toward
  her heel. After moving back and forth covering the shoe in kisses I paused.
  Lifting my head to ascertain if my actions had met with her approval I was
  greeted with a 'whap' of the crop that came crashing on my ass. " Did I tell
  you to stop? Did you hear me say: enough slave? You continue to disappoint," Goddess
  said. "Better get your act together. Or, what you had hoped would be a riveting
  sexual experience may just turn out to be a painful lesson for you!" "Yes my
  Goddess. I am sorry for my lack of attention to your commands. Please forgive
  your slave. Please train your slave appropriately so that you are pleased",
  I said. "Lift your ass in the air. Let's start by making sure you understand
  the consequences of your actions and help you in making sure that your failures
  will be minimal." I lifted my ass and held it in place as instructed. Whap!
  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! The crop found it mark with precision straight across
  both cheeks. I winced, but managed to eke out a 'Goddess' after the fifth stroke.
  Goddess laughed.  
"It is amazing, just amazing. Let me read to you." I heard her mumble a few
  words and then speak loudly: "the method and type of discipline, with the exception
  of physical and mental abuse, is the sole responsibility of Goddess. When physical
  discipline is applied (includes hands, flogger, crop, etc.) slave will count
  out loud the number of strokes he is to receive and express his thanks to Goddess
  for her attention. If slave loses track of the count, the count will begin
  from the start. Once the discipline has been completed, slave will be forgiven
  and the cause forgotten. Now, let's try this again and this time, let's see
  if you can manage to do this properly. Whap! The crop crashed over my buttocks
  again. "One, Goddess; thank you Goddess", I said. Whap! "Two, Goddess; thank
  you Goddess", I said. Whap! "Three, Goddess; thank you Goddess", I continued.
  Whap! "Four, Goddess; thank you Goddess". Whap! "Five, Goddess; thank you Goddess".
  She paused. I was sure that my punishment was over, but to my surprise another
  stroke followed. Whap! "Six, Goddess; thank you Goddess". Whap! Whap! Whap!
  Whap! The crop came down at a highly rapid rate. I tried to keep up: "seven,
  thank you&hellip;eight, nine, ten, thank you Goddess. My butt burned and I
  let my head drop back to the floor.  
"I have many more surprises in store for you. And the first will come your
  way next. Goddess reached down and removed the blindfold. I did not dare raise
  my head until allowed. At last my inaction was a first success. "You waited
  for instruction to look", Goddess said. "I am so proud of you. For that you
  will receive your first reward. You may look at me now, slave." I turned my
  head toward my Goddess who stood over me. I was in heaven. Goddess had purchased
  a new outfit that accentuated her beauty and power over me. She wore black
  leather 6" stiletto heels and matching thigh highs. Her outfit consisted of
  a leather and chain top and bottom. The bottom was a thong that unsnapped in
  the middle with chains running across the front. Her top was latched to the
  bottom by a strap that hocked into the bottom in the front. The strap ran up
  the middle of her front ending in a collar that snapped in the back with two
  leather straps coming down her sides that crisscrossed in the back. Several
  thin chains ran across her chest exposing her beautiful breasts. Her hardened
  nipples stood out between the chains. I was enthralled by her beauty. My mouth
  agape I just kept staring. "I see that my new outfit meets with your approval",
  Goddess said with a little giggle in her voice. "Y....y....yes Goddess", I
  stammered and smiled.  
"I also have another outfit that is very pleasing", Goddess said as she reached
  over to the bed. Goddess lifted a bright pink apron with laces running down
  from the loop at the top to the bottom. The apron was very short. "This, slave,
  is for you. You will now wear this at any time you are preparing food for me
  in the kitchen. There are a few other items I have purchased for your pleasure,
  but we will get to them in time. Right now I am hungry and you are to prepare
  dinner." Goddess, unlocked the handcuffs, untied the rope from my ball loop.
  She unlocked me from the spreaderbar and she removed the metal hocks attached
  to the ankle cuffs. "Kneel, my bitch", she commanded. I did as instructed and
  Goddess placed the apron around my neck and tied it in the back. My cock was
  raging hard. "I think it is best that now, with your hands free, we lock up
  that cock of yours so that you won't be tempted to play with it as I know you
  are dying to do." Goddess pulled out a metal cock cage. "Problem", she said, "we
  need it a little less hard." Goddess grabbed the leash to my collar that was
  still lying on the dresser and snapped it on the loop that emanated between
  the back of my balls. She pulled the leash making my balls come up and said: "slave
  you either loose that erection or my crop will do it for you." There was nothing
  I could do. Goddess' looks and everything going on had me horny as hell and
  my cock went nowhere but straight out. "Oh well. I told you", Goddess said
  and the tip of the crop hit my exposed balls hard.  
"Arrggghhhh!", I yelled. Whap! A second stroke slammed into my balls. "Arrgghhh!.....
  Ahhhhhh..." I winced. The pain shot from my scrotum through my entire body.
  It felt like I had just taken a hard kick in the balls. I collapsed. Goddess
  quickly pulled the cage over my now fast shrinking member and locked it in
  place before I could move from the pain still flowing through my body. She
  unhooked the leash from the ball collar and hocked it to my neck collar. "Now
  bitch, as I was saying", Goddess continued "you are to go into the kitchen
  and prepare me my dinner. Cook all the food that is on the table. Don't make
  more or less then what is there. Set a place setting for me only. You no longer
  have the privilege to be sitting with me at the table. In fact, once the meal
  is prepared you will assume your next, and I believe your favorite position,
  as my pet dog. But, before you summon me to dinner, you had better review that
  contract once more so that you won't get into any further trouble. I left it
  on the table. Now you may crawl to you next duty my bitch." I crawled out of
  the bedroom to the kitchen.  
The food on the table was to be a feast fit for a Queen. Two live Lobsters
  and a bunch of small stem, fresh asparagus stalks. I knew my task at hand.
  Cook the lobsters and prepare them for dining by taking the tail from the shell.
  Make hollandaise sauce for the asparagus and have a glass of chilled white
  wine waiting for Goddess. I filled the pot with hot water from the faucet and
  put it on the stove. Quartered the lemons and prepped the asparagus as well
  as the sauce. It was an easy meal to prepare but twice the reason to manage
  perfection. Once the lobsters and asparagus were going I reached for the agreement.
  I re-read it once more. Slave shall be naked, collared with leash in mouth
  upon Goddess' arrival unless instructed otherwise. That was an item that would
  sure come into play tomorrow. Slave will greet Goddess on all fours kissing
  her feet unless instructed otherwise. Is that whenever I come into her presence
  or when she comes home? I thought it better to assume every time I come into
  her presence. If I'm wrong at least it will minimize any discipline. Slave
  will shave groin and face daily or as instructed. That was no problem and already
  done. I had done that for some time anyway since Monique always wanted to have
  me feel clean and smooth. Slave will always eat at Goddess' feet unless instructed
  otherwise. That was the part.  
Henceforth my dining would be in a dog position. I knew what to expect.  
Dinner was ready. I prepared a hot bowl of melted butter and placed it on
  the table. The asparagus were on a dish with the hollandaise sauce poured atop
  and extra sauce sitting in an appropriate dish next to Goddess' plate. I pulled
  the lobsters from the pot, broke off the tail and pulled the tail meat from
  its shell using a fork. I placed both tails on the plate along with a little
  of the vegetable. Wanting to serve the meal as hot as possible I scurried on
  my fours into the living room where Goddess was sitting and watching TV. With
  leash in mouth I moved to her feet, kissed them and said: "Goddess, your dinner
  is served." Goddess looked down upon me and smiled. "Good. I have quite an
  appetite so your timing is perfect.' Goddess removed the apron, mounted my
  back sidesaddle style and said: "you may ride me to my place slave." I moved
  diligently yet slowly as to not rock Goddess off of my back. We arrived at
  her place in the kitchen and Goddess dismounted while taking hold of my leash
  in the same motion. With a quick pull on the leash she forced me to attention.
  I looked up at her. A glance of her eyes instructed me to take my place at
  her feet below the table.  
"Mhhhhh. Now that is one delicious meal," she exclaimed after a few minutes. "You
  have done well. No, you have done very well and as such you may receive a reward." She
  glanced at my face as I lay beneath her heels and smiled." Maybe the saliva
  was dripping from my mouth, or my eyes told of how hungry I was, or maybe it
  was the desire in me to crawl between her legs this very moment and make her
  cum. She somehow knew exactly what was going through my mind. She sensed my
  total desperation for her. "What, my doggie you need something?" she asked.
  My cock was attempting to rage and pre-cum was dripping out of me like a faucet
  that had not had the rubber sealant replaced in 15 years. But, the damn cage
  kept me from getting fully hard thus offering discomfort without end. I was
  frustrated. Goddess knew and loved it. It was just where she needed me to be.
  I realized that what she wanted was an almost permanent hard-on that she could
  use whenever, wherever she needed.  
"Are you hungry for something?" she asked. "Do you need something to satisfy
  you, dog?" She placed a great deal of emphasis on the word 'something ' implying
  that it was her sweet pussy that was being referenced. I looked at her in utter
  desperation and as I was about to say something as she raised her finger placing
  it over her lips in a motion that meant silence. "Sssshhhhhh! Dogs can't talk,
  can they? Dogs bark. Dogs whimper. Dogs can even yelp. But, dogs can't speak.  
And, looking at you, hmmmm&hellip; I bet my dog wants to eat," she opened
  her legs ever so slightly, "but I am not sure what this dog wants more? Want
  some of this?" Goddess held out a piece of lobster just above my face. "Or
  this" as she opened her legs even more. Driven by both desires for her pussy
  and my hunger for food, I started to move towards one, then the other then
  back again. It was a very quick motion that took just a split second, but it
  was exactly what Goddess sought. "Confused doggie?" Before I could make another
  motion she grabbed the leash directly below my collar and pulled my head to
  the floor. Placing her shoe and holding my face to the floor she said: "Let's
  make sure doggie knows the rules. Doggie may bark to communicate. Knowing that
  my dog is a bright one, you can bark once for 'Yes" and twice for 'No'. If
  you bark three times I will assume that doggie has a question for me. If I
  grant doggie his wish to speak he may then ask a question. If doggie screws
  up, doggie will be put in his kennel for the duration. Is that understood,
  doggie?" I looked and pondered for just a split second before I braked my 'yes'
  answer.  
She stopped her dialog. Relaxing back in her seat, she took a deep breath
  and took another bite. After digesting the food she said: "doggie is such a
  lame name for a bitch like you. Don't you think? We need to come up with a
  more appropriate name. How about we call you......" Silence emanated for a
  few seconds as she pondered. "How about we call you: BITCH? BITCH is a perfect
  name for a mutt like you! It describes all your attributes in such a perfect
  manner. And, I bet my bitch is just desperate for something to eat. Goddess
  reached down and unsnapped her bottom. With a quick motion of her fingers she
  commanded me to crawl into position beneath the table and between her legs.
  Goddess' pussy was literally dripping. Her juices must have been flowing for
  some time since the edge of the wooden chair was inundated with her wetness.  
"Start here", Goddess said as she pointed toward the edge of the chair. Goddess
  spread her legs wide as she moved toward the back of the chair. I began by
  lapping up what, from a male perspective, could only be described as pre-cum
  from the edge. My licking the edge of the chair, scooping up her every precious
  dropped must have sent Goddess into another state. With a swift motion of her
  hand she grabbed my hair by the back of my head. Her strong grip forced my
  face from the edge of the chair to her pussy, which she had now moved right
  to the edge of the chair. "Enough of your cleaning crap", she said. "Focus
  on what really needs attention BITCH. Now get to work and do NOT stop until
  I say!!!"  
The tip of my tongue darted to the bottom of her vulva and ever so slowly
  moved up on each side of her pussy lips. First the left side, I gently brushed
  past her outer lips making sure to reach below the fold that was matted down
  by the outpouring of her juices. Once I reached the top I quickly moved back
  to my starting position and repeated the same on the right side. Her lips thickened
  and expanded; and her pussy as a whole opened like a flower on a beautiful
  spring day. I repeated my movement though with each ride up I moved in closer
  and closer. I could sense that it was driving her insane, but the tell-all
  was when she reached down once more and shoved my face deep inside her. My
  tongue penetrated her pussy no different then if it had been my cock. Slowly
  and deeply I pushed inside her before quickly moving upward to her clit. Swollen
  and throbbing, I circled her clit with my tongue adding more and more pressure
  with each passing stroke of my tongue. Interspersed with my circling I frequently
  jumped back to pump her pussy. Each time I returned to her clit I added more
  pressure, finally combining it with a gentle sucking of her clit. It drove
  her to the point of ecstasy. "Mhhhhhhhh... that's good... faster... a little
  harder....come bitch....do me good.... harder.... c'mon... harder", she moaned
  as her body began to shake and quiver. My tongue roamed in the same deliberate
  motion over her clit as before. I knew that my pacing was exactly what Goddess
  needed to explode. The moment of her explosion came none too soon. Goddess
  grabbed my head in both hands and rammed it into her sweetness. "Ahhhh!!!!!
  That's it my bitch...do me... stick your tongue deep inside me&hellip;.fuck
  me with that tongue.... Ahhhhh!!!!!..... that's it, that's it, I'm coming...
  Ahhhhh!!!!!!!!! Goddess came. Her pussy contracted in a thousand spasms and
  I knew she was exploding like fireworks on the 4 th   of
  July. I circled her clit twice more and then a stream of her juices flowed.
  I opened my mouth with delight and lapped every drop she offered.  
Moments later her hand moved atop my head. It was her signal for me to freeze.
  She needed time to allow her nerve endings to recover. Any touch or movement
  on my part would have sent her through the ceiling. I waited, not making a
  motion until her voice came back. "Good bitch", she said. "That was exactly
  what I needed. Because you have performed well, I will offer you a reward.
  Goddess shifted her body to the side of the chair and picked up a piece of
  asparagus. She held the asparagus in front of her pussy. "Come bitch, get your
  treat!" I moved toward the food and was about to take it in my mouth when Goddess
  lifted it in the air. "Beg bitch. Up. Up." I lifted my hands in a begging position
  as I rose toward the dangling food while on my knees. "Bark, bitch! "Woof." "Woof." "Woof." Goddess
  smiled and released the food. I snapped it as it was falling. As soon as I
  chewed and digested it, Goddess held the next piece of asparagus in her hand.
  Once again I came up on my knees with hands in a begging position. "Woof." "Woof." "Woof." Goddess
  released the food. As I tried to catch it the asparagus bounced off my lip
  and fell to the floor. "Bad bitch." Don't you know how to fetch yet?" She pointed
  at the food now between my legs. "Get it", she said. As I crawled backward
  to gain access to the fallen food Goddess quickly stepped on the asparagus
  crushing it. "Go on," she said. I bent down and licked the mashed food of the
  floor. As soon as the floor was clean Goddess lifted her shoe. "Don't forget,
  here too", she said. I obediently cleaned the bottom of her shoe.  
I was expecting the next piece of food when Goddess said: "I know you are
  still hungry, unfortunately I have other needs at this time. I am in need of
  some relief. I have had such a busy day. Working and shopping and preparing
  for this weekend that I never managed to get to the bathroom all day. Goddess
  stood up and walked out of the kitchen to return a few minutes later with the
  crate. Goddess placed the crate in the middle of the kitchen floor and pointed
  at it indicating I was to get in position. "Woof", I barked in acknowledgement. "Get
  in position, dog", Goddess said. I quickly moved onto my back and pulled the
  crate over my face. A towel was covered the opening atop of the crate causing
  me to be unable to see. As Goddess expected, I placed my hands on both sides
  of the crate and waited. I could hear Goddess move toward me. She placed leather
  cuffs on each of my wrists and attached the cuffs to each side of the create
  using a snapping bolt. With a quick motion she pulled back the towel covering
  the opening and sat down.  
"Open wide dog, your drink is about to be served." "Woof" I barked before
  I opened my mouth and a small trickle of piss came from Goddess' pussy landing
  perfectly in my waiting orifice. "Swallow and do it quickly," I head her say.
  As soon as I gulped down her precious fluid the next small stream came forth.
  I swallowed quickly. Goddess continued until finished. "Clean me dog", she
  said and my head moved slightly upward so I could run my tongue over her pussy.
  I quickly licked both sides and the opening of her pussy making sure that no
  drop was left to soil Goddess. I retreated back down resting my head on the
  floor when Goddess said: "not so fast. I think we can make more use of that
  dog tongue of yours. You keep licking."  
I reached up again and the tip of my tongue darted to the bottom of her pussy
  as before. My tongue then penetrated her pussy before shifting back toward
  her clit. I circled her clit with my tongue again adding more and more pressure
  with each passing stroke. "Mhhhhhhhh... that's a good fucking dog. Now go faster...
  a little harder....come dog use that tongue! Fuck me with that tongue.... Ahhhhh!!!!!.....
  that's it&hellip;. that's it... Ahhhhh!!!!!!!!! Goddess came again. Her pussy
  contracted and her juices flowed once more. I knew that she would not want
  me to touch her now oversensitive pussy, thus I moved back down opened my mouth
  so that every drop that emanated was gently caught.  
I remained in that position until I realized that Goddess had moved forward
  so that her ass was now directly above my face. "Now continue", she said. "Kiss
  my asshole, circle it with your tongue. Put it in, bitch. Stick your fucking
  tongue in my ass. Fuck me with your mouth bitch! Fuck my asshole you worthless
  dog." I moved up again circling her asshole before pushing my tongue inside
  her ass. Goddess was clearly on a new sexual plane. She verbalized every aspect
  of what was happening, what she wanted and added humiliation to boot. No task
  demanded was refused nor performed below satisfaction. "Now bitch, stick it
  in -deeper. Deeper I said! I want you to fuck my ass with your tongue like
  you have been dreaming about fucking my pussy with your cock." I increased
  the pace to the point my tongue was about to fall off. "Now circle my asshole
  you fucking dog. Now lick it! Lick my asshole! Circle it! Now go in. Harder,
  bitch! Faster! You worthless fucking bitch! Faster, damn it I said. Deeper
  you fucking whore. Yes! Yes, bitch. Make me cum&hellip;.ohhh&hellip;.yessss&hellip;..
  that's it bitch. Make me come." I sensed that Goddess was rubbing her pussy
  at the same time. Goddess just kept going. "Harder, bitch! Faster! Deeper!
  Ahhh&hellip;.!!!" Goddess was now trembling. I had anticipated another massive
  orgasm, but it began to dawn on me that instead she was coming in an endless
  wave. I kept licking and fucking her asshole as demanded. After 20 minutes
  she commanded me to stop. My head came back down resting on the floor. I looked
  up at her asshole and the only thought I had was to go back and please her
  once again.  
After a few minutes Goddess rose, pulled the towel back over the opening
  of the crate and parted from the room. I was so horny and my constantly raging
  cock that was being prevented from becoming fully erect by the cage was begging
  to hurt badly. I was hoping Goddess would show me some pity and remove the
  cage. When she returned she unlocked the bolts from the crate and the cuffs.
  Goddess lifted the crate and placed it away from my head. "Up dog", she said
  and I rose to my fours. "Come", she said, "it's time for bed". She grabbed
  the leash, pulling me behind her. I followed her out of the kitchen, down the
  corridor and up the stairs toward the bedroom. "I have a special place for
  you", she said as she opened a door to my study. I followed her inside.  
Once inside she sat on my back and reached down to unlock the cock cage only
  to tie a medium sized rope around my balls and the bottom of my shaft. Goddess
  pulling me by the collar toward the closet door in the study. With one hand
  she opened the door while with the other she pulled me into the closet. "Look
  dog", she said inviting me to raise my head. My eyes nearly pooped out of the
  sockets. Goddess has placed a dog cage into the closet. The cage had thin steel
  bars and the door to the cage faced the wall to the right of the closet. "In
  you go doggie," Goddess said, "this is your new home. This is where dogs sleep.
  This is where you will spend all your time when you are not needed or wanted.
  Get used to it." I moved into the cage backwards so that my head faced the
  door. The cage was high enough for me to crawl into and long enough to sleep
  in a curling position. I looked at Goddess with a plea in my eyes to not make
  me stay here. I barked three times to ask if I could sleep in her bedroom.
  Goddess shook her head no. "This is your home now dog", Goddess said. "There
  is no need for you to ask me anything. Goddess closed the door to the cage
  with a clang. She took hold of a lock that she threaded trough a metal ring
  on the door and with a click the lock was now secured.  
Goddess continued: "and, because tonight is a special night for you -your
  first in your own doggie cage-, I have decided to make it really memorable
  for you. Now give me your paws." I reached forward placing my hands through
  the steel bars. Goddess took my hands and quickly she snapped the bolt to each
  D-ring on the leather cuffs that remained around my wrists. Goddess then moved
  toward the back of the cage. Reaching through the bars she took hold of the
  rope tied around my cock and balls. She then must have threaded the rope through
  the bars at the back of the cage because when she pulled on the rope my balls
  became taught. "You better lie on your side dog," she suggested, "or you won't
  sleep a wink all night". I did as instructed. Goddess secured the rope and
  looked at me with a smile on her face. "Until tomorrow bitch", she said and
  the closet door closed. "Woof!" "Woof!" I barked hoping she would open the
  door once more, but all I could hear was her walking away.  
So I laid there, uncomfortable, in a cage, my hands locked on the opposite
  side of the steel bars and my balls tied and stretched. Unable to move I suddenly
  became keenly aware that the denial of an orgasm had me going crazy. I realized
  that Goddess had planned and executed the evening with absolute skill. I needed
  to cum so bad. The thought of her, being used by her for her pleasure was driving
  me crazy. The thought just would not vanish. It passed through my mind in an
  endless cycle Unable to budge I lay awake for some time before I drifted off
  to sleep. It had been a tortures and yet glorious evening.  
Slowly I began to regain consciousness. It was some noise that roused me
  from my sleep. I opened my eyes slowly and it was pitch black dark. I listened
  and behind the closed closet door was rustling. Goddess was in the room. I
  lay there a moment and pondered if and how I should let Goddess know that I
  was awake. I decided I should bark: "Woof." I paused a few moments. "Woof!" A
  few moments passed and the door to the closet swung open. Goddess stood before
  me in her black silk morning robe.  
"Did my dog have a good nights sleep?", she asked. "Woof" "Woof" "No? What
  was the matter doggie? Was it the rope? Or, was it the fact that you could
  not touch that still raging cock of yours?" "Woof", I responded. Goddess simply
  smiled. She reached into the closet, then there was a slight pull on the rope
  attached to my balls. I locked back and the rope was now slack. Goddess then
  unbolted the cuffs and I pulled my hands inside the cage. Goddess then produced
  a key and unlocked the door. "On your fours dog", Goddess said. I jumped onto
  my fours facing toward the cage door. "You may greet me now by kissing my ass." Goddess
  turned around, lifted the robe and presented her ass by pressing it against
  the steel bars on the side. I shifted my body as best I could and gently pressed
  my lips to her ass. I kissed her slowly, deliberately and passionately. I started
  on her right cheek and pecked my way across to her left cheek.  
"Again", I heard her say and obediently I repeated my gentle kisses across
  her backside. "Good dog", she said. There are things you will need to do this
  morning. However, you do not have permission to look at me above the knees.
  You will remain on all fours in my presence at all times. If you need to raise
  your head you will close your eyes. You have not earned the right to wallow
  in my beauty. You also have definitely not earned the right to touch that cock
  of yours. No fondling, no rubbing, no stroking, squeezing or jerking it. You
  touch your cock you will loose the ability to get hard for months. Now, I am
  going back to bed. You are going to make me coffee, bring it to me by my bed.
  You will also bring me my cigarettes and my lighter. While the coffee is brewing
  you have permission to shower, shave your groin and relieve yourself. You will
  wait to exit your cage until I have left the room." I closed my eyes and looked
  down. I then heard Goddess opening the door. I awaited a few seconds until
  Goddess left the room and I slowly crawled from my cage.  
I got to my feet. My knees ached from all that crawling. My body ached just
  the same from the position I was in all night. I moved toward the door and
  peek outside making sure that Goddess was not in sight. I quickly walked downstairs
  to the kitchen, pulled out the coffee and coffeepot. I filled the pot with
  water poured enough coffee for four cups and headed to the bathroom. As I entered
  the bathroom I saw that Goddess had placed a towel on the floor. There was
  also a shaver on the sink. I removed the cuffs, the collar &amp; leash, untied
  my balls and jumped in the shower. The hot water felt good as it ran down my
  body. I decided not to linger. I quickly washed my hair and body and toweled
  dry. I brushed my teeth, combed my hair, added the cuffs, collar and leash
  and retied my balls. I placed the towel on the rack and went to the kitchen
  where the coffee was done percolating. I prepared a cup for Goddess (with just
  the right amount of milk) and looked about for her cigarettes and lighter.
  They were left on the kitchen table along with the remains of last night dinner.
  I quickly grabbed all items and headed back upstairs to Goddess' bedroom.  
As I neared the door, I went back on all fours and placed the cigarettes
  and lighter in my mouth. Reaching her bedroom door I scratched lightly and
  barked. "Enter dog", she said. "Crawl over here and hand me the coffee." I
  moved toward the bed on three limbs making sure to keep my eyes on the cup.
  Not just to prevent spillage, but to make certain that I would not look at
  Goddess. With head bowed I handed the cup upward.  
Goddess removed the coffee from my hand. "Lay down dog" she said, "right
  were you are". I did as instructed and curled up next to the bed. I could hear
  Goddess sipping her coffee and I hoped that I had all proportions just right. "Hmmm&hellip;",
  I heard Goddess comment as she continued to sip. "Cigarette, dog", came the
  next command and once more I reached up averting my eyes to the floor. Goddess
  took the smokes and lighter from my hand and I could hear the distinct sound
  of the lighter generating it's flame. Goddess took several drags from the cigarette
  and said: "you have done well. You managed to follow all of my instructions
  correctly, including not bringing me an ashtray. Very good, dog. Of course
  you realize why I don't need an ashtray, don't you dog?" "Woof", I replied. "Then
  close your eyes and open your mouth." I turned my head upward with eyes closed. "Open
  wide and stick out your tongue, dog", she commanded. As I opened wide Goddess
  flicked the ash in my mouth. "Swallow, dog", there will be more. Goddess repeated
  the process until she was done. Goddess laughed, "you won't have to eat the
  butt, dog. I have an ashtray right here. She laughed. "Lay down."  
Goddess continued to sip her coffee. I could sense she was on her last sip
  when she said: "crawl over to the other side of the bed." I slowly rose to
  my fours and crawled around the bed. As I reached the other side of the bed,
  I saw that Goddess had placed the crate atop a towel. "Woof", I barked indicating
  I had reached my destination. "Get in position, dog", Goddess responded in
  kind. I quickly moved on my back and pulled the crate over my face. A towel
  covered the opening of the crate. I placed my hands on both sides of the crate
  and waited. I could hear Goddess get up from the bed and move toward me. With
  a quick motion she pulled back the towel covering the opening and sat down. "Open
  wide dog, your morning drink is about to be served." "Woof" I barked. I opened
  my mouth and a small trickle of piss came from Goddess' pussy landing perfectly
  in my waiting orifice. "Swallow and do it quickly," I head her say. And as
  soon as I gulped down her precious fluid the next trickle came forth. I swallowed
  quickly until she was finished. Goddess said, "clean me dog" and my head moved
  slightly upward so I could run my tongue over her pussy. I quickly licked both
  sides and the opening of her pussy making sure that no drop was left to soil
  Goddess.  
"Woof" I barked indicating I was finished. However, Goddess remained seated. "Hmm&hellip;",
  Goddess murmured, as I saw her fingers reach between her thighs and diddle
  with the opening of her pussy. "Make me cum, dog. I want to start the day just
  right. Use that dog tongue of yours and do it well or its back to the cage
  with you." I once again made Goddess cum with my gentle yet firm strokes. Goddess'
  moans increased in volume as she drew closer to orgasm. It took no time at
  all before she was ready. That's it dog, make me cum. Ohh&hellip;. Ahh&hellip;&hellip; Goddess'
  body shock and I backed off. After a few minutes Goddess rose and quickly covered
  the opening of the seat. I lay there quietly awaiting her next order.  
I could hear Goddess in the distance taking a shower. After a while she returned
  and I could hear that she was doing something in her bedroom. After some time
  she turned her attention back to me. Goddess removed the seat. I quickly closed
  my eyes as my face was still turned upward. "You waited for instruction to
  look", Goddess said. "I am so proud of you. For that you will receive your
  first reward. You may now look at me, dog." I opened my eyes and looked at
  Goddess who stood over me. I was in heaven. Although Goddess still had on her
  morning robe, she was perfectly ready to go out on the town. Her hair was fixed
  properly, her makeup in place. "Woof!" I barked, paused and repeated: "Woof!" Goddess
  smiled at me. "Come dog, follow me", she said. I got on all fours and grabbed
  the leash in my mouth. Quickly I scurried after her down the stairs and into
  the kitchen.  
Goddess sat on a chair next to the kitchen table and motioned for me to come
  to her feet. I looked at her beautiful face and barked once more with delight.
  My cock was still as erect as it had been since its release prior to going
  into my cage. "As I said, you will now receive your first reward. First you
  may kiss my feet." I rushed to each foot and placed gentle kisses from heel
  to toe. Goddess reached down and pat my head. "Does dog want to come? "Woof!" I
  responded. "Show me how bad dog wants to come. Beg for permission to cum." I
  rose on my knees and placed my paws in a begging position and started to pant. "That's
  it dog, show Goddess how badly you want to cum. I interspersed my panting with
  an occasional "Woof!" Goddess slowly lifted her foot and placed it on my erect
  cock pushing it into my stomach. My panting and begging increased as Goddess
  rubbed her foot back and forth over my cock. The sensation of my cock receiving
  any attention was driving me quickly to a point of no return. "Dog want permission
  to come now?", Goddess asked. "Woof!" "Woof!" "Woof!" "Woof!" I responded. "You
  may take your right paw and jerk it a few times, dog. Cum on my foot, dog.
  My hand flew to my cock. After a just a few strokes, reams of cum streamed
  forth and over Goddess' right foot. Goddess smiled. "Did you enjoy that dog?",
  she inquired. "Woof!" I responded. "Good. Now lick it all up. I don't want
  my foot or my kitchen floor all messy with your bodily fluids." I moved as
  fast as I could to Goddess' foot and carefully licked very drop of cum off
  of her. Then I proceeded to clean up cum on the floor below her foot. Once
  all was licked up I looked at Goddess who motioned for me to follow her.  
We moved in front of her cleaning closet and Goddess opened the door. She
  removed a bucket, a cleaning product and a small scouring pad. "I am going
  to take care of a few errands and you will clean the kitchen floor more thoroughly.
  You will use only this", she said as she dropped the scouring pad before me. "You
  will wait here until I leave. I expect the floor to be shining without a single
  scruff or any other smudge mark. You will have all day to manage this duty,
  but I expect that you will struggle to finish by the time I return." Goddess
  turned and walked upstairs. I remained on all fours in front of the closet. "Oh,
  before I forget&hellip;", Goddess said as though she was thinking out loud
  and went upstairs. She returned a few minutes later and sat down a few steps
  from the bottom. "Here, dog", she pointed before her. I crawled over. "Stand
  up dog. I am going to make sure you don't accidentally toy with that cock of
  yours." As I stood up, Goddess placed a locking leather strap around my cock
  and balls. She quickly secured the chastity device from last night around my
  cock. As my cock grew it pressed against the steel cage that had a small opening
  at the tip and confined my shaft back to its base. It only took a few seconds
  before the enclosure caused my cock to hurt. There was no escaping the pain
  since my would-be erection would not diminish.  
"Kneel dog", Goddess said. I did as ordered. "Now clean my shoes with you
  tongue. I want my shoes to shine." I bent down to her shoes and licked from
  toe to heel making sure not a spot was missed. My restrained cock hurt even
  more as I was flush with excitement with every lick over her heels. Goddess
  knew exactly that her command would have this effect. "Don't forget the heel,
  dog. Clean it good. Make sure it's shiny and glistening. Don't think about
  that restraint cock of yours. If you do it'll only hurt more. Of course my
  mind could not focus on much else as my cock demanding to push forth and grow.
  I groaned. "That'll do dog", Goddess said and rose. "Now of to work you go,
  dog. Make sure to not miss any scuff marks." Goddess grabbed her purse, keys
  and headed out the door locking it behind her. I took hold of the scouring
  pad, fetched a pale filled it with soapy, luke-warm water and went to work.
  I started at the far corner. As I was scrubbing the floor I focused all my
  attention on the floor and eventually my erection faded as did the accommodating
  pain.  
The day raced by. I did not realize how quickly the time past until I heard
  the door open and Goddess reemerged from her trip. As I had not completed the
  task I kept my head down and scrubbed as fast as I could. I would have guessed
  that I needed only 10 more minutes to finish, but it was to late. Goddess walked
  directly toward me. "What", she yelled, "no proper greeting?" I turned toward
  Goddess and was about to kiss her shoes when she grabbed my hair and lifted
  my head upward. I looked up at Goddess, but before I could do anything she
  slapped me across the face. Whap! And again: Whap! "You stupid fucking dog!
  Not too bright are you? Whap! A third slap rained down on my right cheek. "You
  are done", Goddess said. You are done here in the kitchen and you are done
  all together. Goddess grabbed my collar and pulled me behind her up the stairs.
  I tried to keep up with her pace but stumbled. Goddess let go of my collar
  and came in behind me. "Move you fucking dog" she screamed at me while kicking
  me in the ass all the way into my dog cage. "In you go! Right now! I don't
  want to see you. I do not want to hear you. For all I care you can rot there",
  she yelled as she locked the door to the cage, turned, slammed the closet door
  closed and headed out of the room slamming the door to the study behind her
  as well.  
I lay in the cage trying to figure out how I could make up for my misdeed,
  but it finally dawned on me that all I could do is behave better and pat attention
  to the established rules. Time continued to pass. I dared not make a sound
  and thus I did not move an inch. I kept an audio and visual vigil. My attention
  was drawn to any sound or noise and as soon as I heard it my eyes were drawn
  to the door. Nothing. No Goddess, no sound. I closed my eyes and became horribly
  melancholy. Suddenly and without warning the door swung open. Goddess entered
  the room. "Out you go", Goddess said in a stern fashion as she unlocked the
  cage. I crawled out of the cage and to her feet. I began to kiss her shoes,
  but Goddess stepped over and behind me. She took hold of my collar and forced
  me on my feet. "Follow me", she said as she led me by the collar down the stairs
  and into the kitchen.  
As we entered the kitchen I glanced about and noted at least 6 candles burning
  on the table and counter. "Down", she said as she pulled the collar toward
  the floor and get on your back. As I moved onto my back Goddess let go of the
  collar and reached behind me. She bent down and placed her knee on my chest. "Hands" she
  said as she motioned for me to offer her my hands. I reached up and Goddess
  quickly removed the cuffs throwing them into the corner. She then snapped on
  the metal cuffs. Goddess stood up and turned around. Standing above my head
  she slowly moved downward until her ass was centered directly over my face.
  She lowered herself smothering me to the point were it was a little difficult
  to breathe. I was wondering what was coming. I knew that Goddess was aware
  that I loved this position. To my surprise Goddess then removed the chastity
  device from cock and began to stroke me. I was hard in no time. And the pleasure
  over hand caused me to moan and move my hips to the rhythm of her stroking.
  It did not take long before I started to come close to exploding. "Woof" "Woof" "Woof" I
  barked requesting permission to ask a question.  
"Speak", Goddess said. "M&hellip;m&hellip;. may I have your permission to
  cum, Goddess", I moaned. "No!" came the reply. And as these words parted her
  lips her hand released my throbbing member. "Mhhhh", I moaned with the failure
  of coming so close to orgasm but not achieving it. "Arggghhhhh!" was my next
  verbalization as the first drop of hot wax hit halfway up the shaft of my hard
  cock causing it to pulsate and bop up and down. No sooner than the heat dissipated
  more wax met my cock. This time it was a small stream that started at the tip
  and moved back to the end of my shaft. As I was about to scream Goddess pushed
  all of her weight onto my face muffling any sound. This time Goddess did not
  wait for the heat to dissipate, she poured more wax over my groin. I could
  feel her take the tip of my cock and pulling back before a stream of wax poured
  forth over the shaft and then my balls. As soon as the sensation registered
  Goddess once again pushed down on my face muffling all sound that came forth
  with the associated pain. Wax had to cover my entire groin.  
Goddess rose and for the first time I managed to see that in fact my cock
  and balls were covered in red wax. Before I could refocus to look at Goddess
  she had turned and was squatting over my chest. "Not a sound, bitch", she snarled
  as she tipped the candle forward. More hot wax poured forth and directly over
  my nipples. I tried as hard as I could to maintain silence, but a small groaning
  sound came forth any way. My chest was covered in red wax. "I told you no sound",
  Goddess said as she grabbed my collar and pulled me to a sitting position. "Stick
  out your tongue, bitch", she commanded. I did as ordered and as soon as my
  tongue left its orifice hot wax was poured on it. "Ahh..Ahh.." I squealed,
  but Goddess just kept pouring. As the last available drops came forth Goddess
  stood up. "Get up and come with me, bitch" she said. I rose and we proceeded
  to the bathroom. "Into the tub" she ordered. Once inside Goddess removed the
  cuffs only re-lock them so that I was no locked to the handlebar for the tub.  
"See this", Goddess said as she held forth the riding crop. "This will now
  remove all the wax". My eyes grew wide and my heart sank into my gut. I have
  never been what some refer to as a pain slut, but this punishment would test
  my limits to the fullest. "Your tongue bitch", Goddess stated and I opened
  my mouth and stuck out my tongue. The wax was already loose and Goddess simply
  brushed the crop over my tongue and the wax feel into the tub. "Your chest." I
  pushed my chest forward and with incredible skill Goddess brought the crop
  down over my chest catching a big chunk of wax making to loose. With the second
  stroke she caused the chunk to crash into the tub and splinter apart. The pain
  was intense. Although my chest is not excessively hairy there was enough hair
  embedded into the wax to make the removal painful. Time and again, stroke after
  stroke Goddess removed the wax from my chest. "That will" do she said after
  a while. "Now onto your fucking dick, bitch. Open those legs!" I looked at
  my cock that was surprisingly still hard. I knew this was going to be bad,
  however luckily some of the wax had loosened just from the constant waning
  and waxing of my erection.  
I closed my eyes and parted my legs. A split second later the crop met it
  target. The level of pain from the crop hitting my balls superseded the pain
  from the strokes on my cock. I cried out a little despite Goddess' orders.
  Surprisingly it took just a few strokes before Goddess was satisfied with the
  wax removal. I opened my eyes and as my gaze met Goddess she said "you have
  paid for your misdeeds. Clean yourself up, then I want you to come to my bed
  where you will service me. Make sure your balls are tied with this rope here",
  she pointed at the rope placed into the bathroom sink. You will need your collar
  too. Now hurry." Goddess reached forward and unlocked the steel cuffs, before
  closing the curtain to the shower.  
I took a deep breath and turned on the water. This time I showered at length.
  As the water covered my body and washed away the wax I felt rejuvenated. The
  drain on my mind and body from the intensity that the day had brought began
  to depart as quickly as the pieces of wax that disappeared into the drain.
  Goddess' last words reemerged in my mind: you will service me. I smiled and
  I hurried now. After washing my hair and body I toweled off and placed the
  collar around my neck. Quickly I attached the rope around my balls as instructed
  and scurried upstairs to Goddess bedroom. I got on all fours before entering.
  I scratched on the door and Goddess responded with a command to enter. I pushed
  the door open and looked up. Goddess was on the bed. Her beautiful naked body
  was placed smack in the middle with her head propped up by two pillows. Her
  hand was gently brushing over her erect nipples. "Come to the bottom of the
  bed", she said as she emphasized her command by motioning with her eyes.  
I crawled to the desired spot. "Hand me the rope below the bar," she stated, " and
  crawl over to me above it." The bed was a mahogany piece with four posts and
  a wooden bar that spanned the bottom of the bed. I crawled up the back of the
  bed and handed the rope to Goddess below the bar. Once she took hold of the
  rope I crawled over the bar and toward her. As soon as I reached her feet I
  began to kiss her. I gently started with her right foot followed by her left
  with a thousand butterfly-like kisses. My cock was hard, by balls filled and
  aching. "Come to me, slave," Goddess said smiling, "and kiss my breasts and
  lick my nipples." Moved up over her torso continuing to kiss her interspersed
  with small licks of her flesh. Upon reaching her breasts she guided me to each.
  I kissed and suckled on each of her beautiful breasts like a baby. "That's
  good. That feels so good, slave."  
After a little while Goddess gently pushed me back down the bed so that my
  cock was pressed to her stomach. "Come inside me slave, make me happy", she
  said as she parted her legs. I gently inserted the tip of my cock and ever
  so slowly began to move in and out. For a while I did not penetrate more than
  an inch. But, it did not take long before Goddess' pussy was truly ready. Her
  lips parted, her juices flowed and her hips began to move toward me as I penetrated
  her. I looked up and Goddess had her eyes closed. As I moved deeper Goddess
  began to pull on the rope. She was now controlling the exact depth she desired.
  I continued to make love to her at the same slow rhythm I started with. Goddess
  was clearly in the throws of pleasure. She moaned softly and endlessly. I knew
  she was coming or close to coming. I could feel this was not one of those explosions,
  but what she called her endless wave. I think she preferred the wave. I know
  I love her.  
After what must have been an hour and a half Goddess commanded me to eat
  her. She simply pulled the rope back to the point that my face was where it
  was desired. I licked and sucked and used my two fingers as she wished. Before
  long she had me come back inside. This time was different. Goddess was near
  her end point. Hours of pleasure had now passed. "You may now make me cum for
  the last time tonight, slave", she said. "Yes, my Goddess", I said, "it would
  be my pleasure". I penetrated her again. As I did, Goddess pulled the rope
  so that no more than the tip of my cock could make it's way inside. "Come now
  slave, deeper." I tried to penetrate more with each rhythmic pulse of my body,
  but Goddess held the rope tight. "Deeper slave. Don't you want to bury yourself
  in my delicious pussy? Don't you want to make me cum?" I pushed as deep as
  I could given the restrained. "Oh, Goddess", I said, "please!" "Come now slave
  make me happy." Goddess gave a little slack but as soon as I penetrated more
  she pulled me back. Her action, her teasing coupled with her words drove me
  insane. "Please Goddess", I said, "please&hellip;&hellip;" I was at that point,
  Goddess knew it. She had coaxed me to where I was about to loose all self control. "Please
  Goddess," I said as she pulled the rope taught, "please my I cum for you?" She
  looked at me and grinned. "Cum now! Cum inside me." With taught rope I bucked
  a few more times and came in an almost endless stream.  
Goddess let go of the rope. I collapsed on top of her body before rolling
  off to her side. She turned facing me and brought me into her breasts. I kissed
  her breast once, gently, and then simply lay there. Time simply passed. Then
  Goddess lifted my face toward hers and said "one more item before you are released." I
  nodded. "Kiss me good night", she said. I rose from my position and moved up
  toward her face. Goddess reached down and untied the rope from around my balls.
  She removed the collar from around my neck. Then she pulled me into her. My
  lips met hers. We kissed, passionately. We kissed for a long time before falling
  asleep.  
Post Script: It has now been almost two years since most of what I have written
  occurred. I miss her. Some day I will find another partner to share my love
  and passions.  
Author contact: FM195916@hotmail.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Private


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





