BDSM Library - Hypno Mail




Hypno Mail
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a computer programme transforme a normal girl into a slutty sub whore...Miranda couldn't believe that people posted crap like this to the internet.
  It was obviously just spam, posted to the targeted audience of one of the web
  personals sites. It was posted in the category 'Male seeking Female' with the
  headline 'Submit yourself to me'. When she opened the message, it seemed too
  ridiculous to take seriously. The poster claimed to have a subliminal hypnosis
  program that would work through the monitor of any computer.  
' Complete every session, and it will turn you into a completely submissive
  slut who will do anything to be humiliated and abused. Don't say I didn't warn
  you.'  
Well there's a sales pitch. Who the hell did the guy expect to sell this
  program to, women who had nothing better to do than fantasize about being his
  fuck-toy ? He had an awfully big opinion of himself.  
Just out of a perverse curiosity, Miranda clicked on the e-mail link.  
' How do I get the program ?' she asked.  
She fully expected to get a reply with a request for $24.95, cheque, money
  order, or visa, thank you very much. By the time the response came the next
  evening, she had almost forgotten that she even sent the e-mail. Instead of
  a request for cash, attached to her e-mail was a file named 'Sbmit1.exe'.  
Okay, so it wasn't spam. Correction. It wasn't spam...yet. The creep would
  still probably ask for money for Sbmit2 or 3. Either that, or the program was
  just a delivery device for a virus. No big deal, Miranda figured. She had bought
  a new computer recently, and the old was still hooked up. All she had to do
  was load the program into the old computer. That way, she could see what the
  program was about, and not take any risks with a virus.  
Miranda copied the program onto a floppy, and took it to the spare room,
  to where the older computer had been displaced. She wasn't sure why she even
  bothered. Boredom probably. Her husband's new schedule had him working evenings.
  Patrick wouldn't be home from work for another couple of hours, and she usually
  just spent this time cruising the internet. It would be good for a laugh anyhow.  
Upon opening the file, the screen of the older computer displayed a message.  
' Hypnotic display session 1  
Duration 5 minutes followed by instructions  
Press &lt;enter&gt; to continue '  
She pressed the key. The screen began to flash with an array of colours,
  first slowly, and then with a rapidly increasing pace. Nothing terribly complex.
  Simple designs floated through her line of vision. She had to admit that the
  visual stimulation was relaxing, and even somewhat erotic, but there was no
  hypnotic trance. It was just a cute little graphics program. After five minutes,
  the screen gently phased back into text, displaying a screen full of instructions.  
' Print this page now ' were the first instructions. Miranda clicked in the
  command to send the file to the printer. She didn't mind playing along with
  the program. It seemed harmless enough, and she did have some sexual tension
  to work off. When the page was printed, she pulled it from the printer and
  began to read.  
' Suspend your disbelief. If you have come this far, you are at least willing
  to do that. Give these instructions the next half hour of your life.'  
Miranda decided that she could do that. As an editor for a book publisher,
  being able to suspend disbelief was almost an occupational requirement. She
  tried not to allow her eyes to skip ahead on the page, as was her habit when
  reading.  
' Take this set of instructions with you to a place where you can view yourself
  in a mirror. I want you to see yourself obey my commands. Once you see how
  much it turns you on to follow my commands, you will be mine. '  
Miranda picked up the sheet of paper, and brought it to the bedroom. She
  set it down on the dresser and looked into the full length mirror on the bathroom
  door. She smiled at her reflection, feeling a little silly for playing along
  with the author of these words.  
' Remove all of your clothing. Do this quickly now. I know that you are eager
  to be naked for me. '  
She had no reason to feel self conscious. She was the only one around. Nonetheless,
  it felt odd stripping of her clothes at the written commands. She thought of
  the thrill it might give the author if he knew that she was actually going
  through with it.  
Miranda looked at her body in the mirror. She had been working out recently,
  and was quite proud of the results. She turned and inspected her body for a
  minute before reading the next instructions.  
' Symbols are important. You will wear a symbol for me, to show your submission.
  Find a strip of black cloth, ribbon, or string, and tie it around your neck.
  It will be the only ornament on your naked body. It will symbolize your obedience
  to me. '  
Miranda liked the direction this was going. In truth, the initial reason
  she had been looking in the online personals, and that she opened a message
  titled ' Submit yourself to me' was because she took a thrill from games of
  domination. Patrick tried his best, but he wasn't really into it. So, she often
  lived vicariously through personals and stories posted to the internet. Not
  that she ever intended to do anything about it, but it helped to satisfy her
  appetites.  
She went to the closet, and looked for a suitable piece of black cloth. After
  a minute of searching, she finally just decided to remove the shoelace from
  a black pair of boots. When she went back to the mirror, she watched her reflected
  self as she tied the lace around her neck. She smiled at herself again. This
  was getting her really horny. Who would have guessed that she would enjoy participatory
  fiction ?  
' The black band around your neck is your slave collar. If you had any doubts
  about serving me, they are gone now. Through this symbol of submission, I am
  in the room with you now, watching you through the mirror. Come closer now.
  I want to touch you. '  
Miranda took a step closer to the mirror. She moved the page of instructions
  along the top of the dresser so that she could still read it.  
' Your nipples are pointed now. I can see them through your eyes. Your hand
  will act as mine. Explore your body with it. Feel my hand upon your flesh.
  '  
She moved her right hand across her body now. She watched herself in the
  mirror. With little effort, she could imagine that the hand exploring her body
  belonged to someone else; to the unknown author. She cupped her own breasts,
  and circled the nipples. They were hard between her fingers. She felt up and
  down her body, showing her imaginary lover every inch.  
Her hand went to the string around her neck. She liked the look of it in
  the mirror. She imagined that his hand was tight around the collar, and that
  he was in total control of her. Her hand ran across her belly, around her hip,
  and caressed her naked ass. She could imagine his body pressed up against her,
  perhaps his cock brushing across the curve of her ass. When her hand finally
  found her pussy, it was like an electric jolt went through her body. She looked
  back to the instructions.  
' You are showing me your pussy now. You are guiding my fingers into your
  wetness. My fingers are hot with your juices. I can feel you pushing your body
  against me. You want me to finish you. Not yet. I want to taste you first.
  Guide my fingers to your mouth, slave. Taste them for me. '  
It was like he was in the room with her, and the words on the page almost
  took on a real voice. Without hesitation, Miranda brought her fingers to her
  lips, and sunk them to her mouth. She sucked them eagerly, working her tongue
  around her fingers. Her taste was strong on her hand.  
' Look me in the eyes. I can see into your soul. Bring your lips to mine,
  and I will let you cum. '  
Those were the last of the instructions. Miranda caught her own eyes in the
  mirror. They were eyes that could see every secret she held. She brought her
  lips to the mirror. The glass was cold, but she could feel his tongue against
  hers. Her hand had found her pussy again.  
&quot; Mmmf, &quot; she hear herself groan, as she strained to push her tongue
  further into the glass. The mirror was fogging under her hot breath.  
Her legs were weak. She dropped to her knees in front of the mirror, but
  her mouth would not free itself. Her lips slid down the mirror, keeping her
  in contact with the tongue of her lover. All of her feelings came now from
  the black lace around her neck. Even as her pussy began to send shock waves
  of pleasure through her body, the feelings seemed to be an originate from the
  collar around her neck.  
I am a slave, she told herself silently. A submissive slut. To be used. Abused.
  Fucked by my master.  
The collar felt so heavy. The mirror was warming against her lips. Her pussy
  was throbbing against her hand. When she finally lost control, she swore that
  she could feel the mirror kissing back.  
Miranda thought a lot about the program while she was at work the next day.
  It gave her little shivers of excitement. It was exactly what she was missing
  in her love life; a little harmless fun with a dominant lover. A fantasy lover,
  but a lover nonetheless. She still wore the shoelace, as a reminder, tied tightly
  around her ankle.  
She still didn't put any stock in the idea of the subliminal hypnosis program.
  The screen display was just a nice little prelude, and helped to put her into
  the mood. It was just a psychological tool really, to allow her to take the
  written instructions seriously. If the instructions had come to her any other
  way, she was sure that she would have ignored them.  
&quot; How far do I want to go with this ?&quot; she found herself asking
  aloud, while alone in her office. She certainly didn't want to let Patrick
  know about the program. It all seemed pretty harmless, though. She would play
  it by ear.  
She sent another e-mail that evening.  
' How do I get the next session ?'  
To her surprise, the e-mail response was back within an hour.  
' Fill out this questionnaire with your personal information. Enclose your
  slave collar in the same envelope, and send it to me. It is a symbol of your
  obedience, given freely to me. '  
The address was to a man called Walker, and was over half a continent away
  from Miranda's home. Up to this point, Miranda had been careful to only send
  e-mail through an anonymous address. She was a little concerned about providing
  her personal information to this Walker. She opened the file to the questionnaire,
  and was relieved to find that it didn't ask any questions that would reveal
  her identity. The questions were about her physical description, sexual preferences,
  and marital status.  
For a minute, she considered lying about the details, but somehow that felt
  wrong. Anyhow, there was no danger in answering truthfully. This guy was miles
  away, and had no idea who she was. He might find out where she mailed the letter
  from by reading the postmark, but there was no way that she was putting down
  a return address.  
So, she filled out the questionnaire and enclosed it in an envelope. Miranda
  untied the lace from around her ankle. For some reason, she was reluctant to
  part with the black shoelace. The man was right, symbols are important. Nonetheless,
  she was anxious to receive the next session of the program, so she dropped
  the lace into the envelope and sent the letter.  
The next two weeks, Miranda anxiously awaited a reply in her e-mail. She
  couldn't believe how excited she was about getting her next set of instructions.
  When she finally received an e-mail from the man named Walker, she opened it
  immediately.  
' I'm pleased that you obeyed my directions. Are you ready to take it one
  step further ? Your instructions await following the presentation of Sbmit2.exe.
  '  
Miranda liked the sounds of this. She was definitely ready to go further.
  This time she didn't bother to load the program onto the second computer, and
  ran it right away.  
' Hypnotic display session 2  
Duration 10 minutes followed by instructions  
Press &lt;enter&gt; to continue '  
She pressed the key. This program was much better than the first. Within
  the shimmering colours of the display, Miranda could make out what seemed to
  be human forms. The glimpses were brief, and left her looking for more. The
  images were ghostly. She thought she saw a woman... no... two women. Were they
  being whipped ? The scene was too fleeting.  
Miranda could feel her body reacting. There was no way to know if it was
  the result of the images of the display, or the anticipation of the following
  instructions. By the time the images faded, and the screen phased slowly back
  to text, Miranda was shaking with sexual desire. She printed the page immediately.  
' You have come this far, though you still doubt the effects of the display.
  Perhaps you were born to be my slave. Perhaps the program does nothing. It
  is not important. What is important is that you know that you will do exactly
  what I say, because you are my little whore now. You will enjoy every moment
  of your surrender to me. '  
Miranda was reading quickly. She needed to cum so badly now.  
' I will give you only one chance to continue. If you cannot follow my instructions
  exactly, I have no further use for you. Symbols are important, little one.
  I hold your slave collar in my hand as I write these instructions.'  
The thought sent shivers through Miranda's body.  
' Tonight you will wear black panties as our symbol. Get them now. You will
  wear them with a short skirt for me, and then I will tell you what to do. '  
She took the sheet of paper with her to the bedroom. She stripped out of
  her jeans, and pulled off her white panties. In her dresser, she had a pair
  of lacy black panties that Patrick had bought for her. They were perfect. She
  also found a short skirt to wear. Instinctively, she looked tot he mirror for
  Walker's approval. Her bare legs looked delicious. She could hardly wait to
  get her hands between them.  
' How slutty you must feel, wearing only black panties and a tiny little
  skirt. What kind of a whore would go out in public wearing what you are wearing
  now ? You will. I'll see to it. I have made some plans for you this evening.
  '  
Miranda could feel her heart swelling with a mixture of fear and excitement.
  This game was going too far. What if someone saw her ? What would they think
  ? Her mind protested the commands on the printed page, but her body was anxious
  to feel the sting of humiliation. Perhaps, even, the sting of his whip She
  consumed the rest of the instructions eagerly.  
' I have arranged an encounter. You will display yourself for me. I met a
  man in a chat room yesterday. He lives in your city. Your are going to show
  him your black panties, and when he sees you wearing them, he will know that
  what I've told him is true. He will know that you are my little slut. That
  you belong to me. '  
' What will I let him do to you ? You are anxious to know. '  
' Why, nothing, my dear little pet. I could have you do anything, couldn't
  I ? But tonight, this man will only watch. He will see you at the main branch
  of the public library. He will be upstairs, at a study table, and you will
  sit across from him. Perhaps no one will notice as he looks up your skirt through
  a mirror in his lap. '  
' What a naughty little slut you are to be spreading your legs so. He will
  watch as you drop your hand under your skirt, and squirm out of your panties.
  He'll see them around your ankles. Does anyone else see what's going on ? It
  doesn't matter. '  
' He'll watch your face as you begin to stroke your pussy for me. You will
  see his eyes drop down to the mirror in his lap. Imagine how it will feel to
  have a total stranger watch you as you slide your fingers along your wet pussy.
  You must feel like a real slut, knowing that you will do this for me. '  
' Give him a good show for me. He will be there at eight o' clock. When you
  are done, mail me your black panties to receive the next session. '  
Miranda's internal debate didn't last long. This was more excitement than
  she had ever had with Patrick, and she knew that she couldn't resist. In less
  than an hour, she was at the library.  
One of the librarians was watching her as she climbed the narrow set of stairs.
  From her vantage point, she could probably see most of the way up Miranda's
  skirt. Her face flushed red. It wasn't even summer. She looked totally out
  of place in the tiny little skirt. At least the library was fairly empty this
  evening.  
On the second floor, she looked for the study tables. She was a few minutes
  early, and the study tables were empty. She couldn't help but scan the room.
  Where was this man ? Was he waiting among the rows of books, or had he been
  downstairs, watching for her in the lobby ? She was breathing heavily. She
  was sure than anyone would be able to see her state of excitement.  
Eight o'clock came. She was in amongst the rows of books, watching the tables.
  The suspense was killing her. Then, like clockwork, and man came up the stairs
  and stationed himself at one of the study tables. She started to go over, to
  sit across from the man, when another library patron came out from the rows
  of books and took a place the second table. He flashed her a smile. Her heart
  raced. She had almost chosen the wrong man.  
She walked over to the second table. He watched her. His eyes ran up and
  down her legs. Miranda could feel her pussy twitch when the man ran his tongue
  across his lips. She felt so very cheap. They both knew that she was here to
  give him a peep show, like some sort of sleazy stripper.  
Miranda sat across from him. He was looking into his lap now, maybe adjusting
  the mirror to get a good view up her skirt. For a minute, she couldn't bring
  herself to uncross her legs. It was so unladylike. His eyes were riveted in
  his lap.  
Slowly, she uncrossed her legs. With one hand, she pulled the edge of her
  skirt back to give him a good view of the black lacy panties. God, she couldn't
  believe she was doing this in a public place. Anyone could see. Her eyes flashed
  around the room. No one was looking. Time to pull down her panties.  
Both hands now went down below. She lifted her ass from the chair, and pulled
  the panties down on her thighs. She watched the man. He was smiling now. Had
  he caught his first glimpse of her pussy ?  
She bent forward a bit, and pulled the panties down her legs, until they
  rested around her ankles. Taking a deep breath, she spread her legs again,
  and pushed her crotch to the edge of the chair.  
&quot; Oh, that's nice, &quot; the man across the table said quietly. Miranda
  blushed.  
Could he see how wet she was, Miranda wondered. She couldn't wait any longer.
  Taking another self-conscious glance around the room, she dropped one hand
  between her legs and began to frig herself. Just as Walker had described, the
  man looked up to see her face as she began to jerk off for his viewing pleasure.
  Her mouth hung open slightly, her eyes locked on his. He looked again to the
  mirror in his lap.  
There was a woman in the row of books across from her. She bent down to look
  at the lower shelves. Was she watching too ? The idea mortified Miranda, but
  her lust drove her forward. Her hips were gyrating now at the edge of the chair,
  and anyone who was looking at her face would surely see that she was in the
  heat of passion. She tried in vain to keep herself silent, but a low whine
  was escaping her throat.  
The woman in the row of books was watching now, not even pretending to look
  at the literature anthologies before her. The man at the table was fixed on
  the mirror. Miranda wouldn't last much longer. Her humiliation was only increasing
  her lust. At that last moment, when she knew that she couldn't retreat from
  climax, she locked eyes with the woman at the row of books.  
Orgasm ripped through her, throwing her body into convulsions. Her fingers
  worked furiously to extend the moment, as they became soaked with her juices.
  Her low whine intensified into a muffled squeal, as her body jerked on the
  edge of the chair. Finally, as the last peak of pleasure escaped her, Miranda
  slumped back into the wooden chair to catch her breath.  
The man across form her was smiling in her direction. She couldn't even look
  at the woman who was watching. She bent forward, and balled up the black panties
  in her hand. She needed to get out of there. The embarrassment was too much.
  She stuffed the panties into her purse, and made a direct line to the front
  door.  
The next day, Miranda sent her panties to Walker. Just like the black lace,
  she was reluctant to part with the black panties, but as embarrassing as the
  scene at the library had been, she couldn't take her mind off of it. It was
  the best orgasm she'd had in years. The thrill of following the unknown author's
  commands was undeniable. She wanted nothing more than to get the next session,
  and to print her next sheet of instructions.  
When she finally heard back from Walker, her hands were shaking. Two weeks
  had passed, and her sexual fantasies had only intensified. She masturbated
  every night, thinking about what he would tell her to do next. Even when she
  made love to Patrick, her mind was only on her next set of instructions.  
The symbols were in her dreams. She saw herself bare, wearing only the black
  lace around her neck, and the black panties around her ankles. They marked
  her as his possession. She always awoke wondering what symbol he would ask
  her to send him next.  
' I am pleased by your appearance at the library, ' he wrote. ' My new friend
  tells me that you are quite an attractive little thing. You will make a fine
  addition to my collection. Are you ready to submit yourself completely to me
  ? Your instructions await after viewing Sbmit3.exe.'  
She could click the mouse fast enough.  
The third session was an amazing display. Far from the shadowy images of
  the first and second programs, the screen lit up with vivid scenes. Miranda
  mentally placed herself in every scene. Her body was on fire. The display showed
  women in tight bondage, leather cutting into their pale flesh. The shimmering
  colours of the screen heightened the reality for her. She wanted to be there,
  to be used and punished. When the images faded, they left Miranda hungry for
  more.  
' You must serve me fully, Miranda, ' the instructions began. Somehow he
  knew her name. ' Your body is not my prize, it is your soul. I hold your symbols
  of submission with me now. You have given these freely to me, but there is
  one more symbol which you must give freely. '  
' Do not guess. You will know the symbol by the end of this evening. By then,
  you will know how truly you have become my slut. I know the lust that burns
  in your soul. You crave humiliation, degradation, abuse, and submission. Yes,
  you will know exactly what symbol you need to send me. '  
' Tonight, you will make a call on a friend of mine. He is visiting your
  city on business. I am allowing him to borrow you, and another one of my new
  playthings. He will do what he pleases with both of you. Are you ready to let
  yourself be used by my friend, whore ? I think so. '  
' He will be staying at the Empress Hotel. Be there at nine. '  
Miranda didn't know what to think. The scene at the library paled in comparison
  to this. This was so open- ended. Walker's friend might do anything to her.
  Her anxiety grew, but she knew that she would obey. She couldn't stop now.
  Miranda so desperately wanted this in her life.  
The lobby of the Empress was elegant. Every surface sparkled of marble or
  brass. Miranda didn't know quite what to do, so she sat in one of the stuffed
  chairs of the lobby, and looked nervously around the large room. The place
  was almost deserted. Another woman, a black girl barely over twenty, waited
  in the lobby nearby. She was nervous too.  
Miranda wondered if this was Walker's other girl. She wondered if the girl
  had responded to the e-mail the same way she had, or if she too had displayed
  herself in the library. Most of all, she wondered what Walker's friend would
  want them to do.  
A phone rang. It was the front desk. A hotel employee picked it up.  
&quot; Front desk, &quot; she answered cheerily. A slight pause while she
  listened to the request.  
&quot; Yes sir, &quot; she said, scanning the lobby with her eyes. &quot; Right
  away sir. &quot;  
The employee walked out from behind the front desk, and towards where Miranda
  and the other girl were sitting.  
&quot; Excuse me ladies, &quot; she started. &quot; Are either of you here
  to visit a Brent Fitzgerald ?&quot;  
&quot; I think so, &quot; Miranda answered quickly.  
&quot; Yes, &quot; said the black girl, almost simultaneously.  
The desk clerk seemed confused. She obviously thought that her guest was
  only expecting one visitor.  
&quot; He asked me to send you up to room 420. &quot;  
In the elevator, there was an awkward silence between the two women. Miranda
  finally broke the ice.  
&quot; Are you nervous about this ?&quot;  
A stupid question, she thought instantly, but the black girl seemed relieved
  to answer.  
&quot; Oh, god yes. I don't even know why I'm doing this. My name is Carmen,
  by the way. &quot;  
&quot; Miranda. Good to meet you. &quot;  
The elevator door slid open, and the women walked together down the hallway.
  When they found room 420, they looked at each other. If either was having doubts,
  this was the time to walk away. Miranda knocked on the door.  
A man opened the door. He was well dressed, and looked like a businessman.
  He looked the two women up and down, and then invited them in.  
&quot; All right bitches, &quot; he started, with a sharp tone in his voice. &quot; Let's
  see the goods. &quot;  
Carmen shot Miranda a look. In response, Brent slapped the girl across the
  face.  
&quot; Don't look at her. You're here to serve me, bitch. Now, get the fuck
  out of your clothes. &quot;  
Miranda didn't delay. She was horny as hell, and, if she were honest with
  herself, she couldn't wait to see Carmen's naked body either. Not that she
  had ever done anything with a woman, but the idea of seeing this cute black
  girl getting her ass whipped made Miranda quiver.  
When her clothes were off, she waited for another command from Brent.  
&quot; Mmm, I got a couple of pretty ones this time. Lucky me. Both of you,
  get on your knees, facing each other. &quot;  
The women dropped to their knees at his command. Brent unzipped his suit
  pants, and fished out his cock. He stood beside them now, and stroked his hardening
  tool in front of their faces.  
&quot; You know what you're here to do, you dirty whores. Why the fuck else
  would you be in my room, naked, and on your knees ? &quot;  
Carmen was the first to begin sucking. She slipped her mouth over the tip
  of his cock. Miranda came forward too. She tongued the base of his cock and
  his balls while the black girl sucked him into her throat.  
&quot; Oh yeah, you're a couple of natural cock suckers. That's good. That's
  where your tongue belongs, licking my balls bitch. &quot;  
The guy obviously got off on verbally abusing the women. He had one hand
  on the back of each woman's head. He forced their mouths together at the tip
  of his cock. Miranda could feel Carmen's tongue slipping across hers as they
  both licked and sucked the swollen head of this man's penis.  
She drank in all of the sensations. The feel of his saliva coated cock against
  her lips and mouth, the smell of Carmen's perfume, and the heat of the girl's
  lips against hers. She soaked in the words of the man who held her head. He
  was so right. This is where she belonged, on her knees, serving a man.  
&quot; That's a good little whore, &quot; he told Miranda now, as he guided
  his tool into her throat. Carmen lapped at his balls from beneath. &quot; Take
  it in your throat bitch. A hot little slut like you should always have a cock
  in her throat. &quot;  
He was breathing hard now. Miranda could taste his pre-cum leaking onto the
  back of her tongue. She wanted so badly to feel his cock swell in her mouth,
  but he finally pulled her away.  
&quot; Bend over the bed, &quot; he commanded. &quot; Display your asses
  for me. &quot;  
Side by side, the women bent over the edge of the bed. He stood behind them,
  and pulled his belt free from his pants. The first blow landed on Carmen's
  ass. The black girl yelped and jerked forward on the bed. Miranda knew that
  the sting of the leather would belong to her next.  
&quot; Ahh, &quot; she cried out. It was more painful than she was prepared
  for.  
&quot; That's right, you naughty little bitches. I'm going to whip your little
  asses until they're good and red. You need this, don't you ? Who wants the
  next one ?&quot;  
&quot; I do, &quot; begged Miranda. The sting of the first blow still lingered
  on her skin. Her pussy was dripping with excitement. She wanted, no, she needed
  another blow. And she got it.  
Miranda wished that she could watch this scene. She heard the belt come down
  on Carmen's ass, and she wondered what it would look like from behind, the
  two women bent forward, begging to be whipped.  
&quot; Please, more, &quot; she begged over and over again, as the businessman
  took out his frustrations on both girls' behinds. Miranda was desperate to
  get her share of the punishment.  
&quot; Oh, this is a pretty sight, &quot; Brent told the girls, when he finally
  stopped the strapping. &quot; I've got two bad little whores who got the punishment
  they deserve. Get up on the bed, girls, I'm not done with you yet. &quot;  
Miranda crawled unsteadily. Her body was shaking from the pain.  
&quot; I want to see you two whores lick each other. &quot; He swatted Miranda's
  ass. &quot; Straddle her face. &quot;  
She waited for Carmen to lay on her back. Miranda was sure that she couldn't
  hold off cumming for long. The very idea of Carmen's hot tongue pushing between
  the lips of her pussy from below was enough to make tingles of pleasure buzz
  through her body.  
Miranda positioned herself over the black girl. No, she wasn't a lesbian,
  but the idea of doing this thing, of performing this way for the pleasure of
  a man, it appealed to her submissive side. He was watching, she knew, as she
  dropped her face down between the black girl's thighs.  
She was tasting another woman for the first time, and she was doing it for
  him. Not for Brent, although it turned her on that he was watching, but for
  Walker. Would Brent describe this to him, tell him how eagerly she had lapped
  pussy at his command ? She hoped so. She wanted to please Walker so desperately.  
&quot; Nnng, &quot; she heard Carmen moan, as the pushed her tongue against
  the girl's clit. She could feel Carmen's tongue probing her now. It felt so
  wrong to have a woman's tongue between her legs, but it felt so right to obey
  Brent's orders. Obedience. Humiliation. That's what she wanted most.  
&quot; Oh, yeah, &quot; said Brent. &quot; It looks like you two get along
  just fine. I'll bet that you lick cunt just as well as you suck cock. Mmm,
  decisions, decisions. Which pussy should I fuck ?&quot;  
His hand rested on Miranda's ass. Her ass was warm from the belt. Brent made
  his choice. He knelt behind Miranda now, and pushed the head of his cock against
  her pussy, which was wet from both her juices, and from Carmen's mouth. He
  rested his cock there, at her entrance for a minute, while the black girl's
  tongue danced along the joining flesh.  
&quot; Aaah, that's it, nice and wet for me now, &quot; he said, as he pushed
  his cock inside of Miranda. &quot; You're a hot little slut, aren't you ?&quot;  
Miranda could only agree with a muffled grunt as she lapped at the pussy
  of the black girl beneath her. The cock felt strange within her. It was larger
  than her husband's. The reality of the situation was coming home to her. What
  else could she be but a whore ? Here she was, with a stranger's cock in her
  pussy, pleasing a woman at his command.  
What else could she be but a dirty little whore, to be fucked by any stranger
  that Walker allowed, any time he wanted ? To be whipped while she begged for
  it. To suck any cock that was shoved in her face.  
&quot; Mmmf, oh, god, I'm cumming, &quot; Miranda jerked back and forth on
  Brent's cock as he slammed into her roughly. She could feel Carmen's lips closed
  around her clit as her whole body went into spasm.  
&quot; That's it, slut, &quot; Brent told her. &quot; Squeeze my cock with
  that tight little pussy of yours. God, it feels so good. &quot;  
Every thrust brought a new wave of intense pleasure to Miranda's shaking
  body. Brent was really giving it to her. She was only starting to come down
  from her own orgasm when his cock exploded within her.  
&quot; Oh, yeah, you'll take my cum like a good little whore. I'm filling
  you up, bitch. Do you like that ? Do you like taking my cream ? Oh, god, yes. &quot;  
The only one of the three who hadn't reached climax was Carmen, who was busily
  slurping at the mixed cum that was leaking from around Brent's prick. Miranda
  renewed her efforts on the black girl's clit. Carmen began to cum almost instantly.  
Brent pulled out, leaving Carmen to finish her orgasm while his sperm spilled
  out over her face from inside of Miranda. When the girl finally came down from
  her climax, the women just remained in position, gently kissing and sucking
  each other's inner thighs while they caught their breath.  
&quot; All right, I'm done with you whores. You can get dressed and get the
  fuck out of here now. &quot;  
Miranda had never felt so thoroughly used in all her life, and it felt so
  right. Yes, she was just a whore, to be cast aside when she was done. Walker
  knew it. That's why he had lent her to this man.  
She gathered her clothing, and hastily dressed. Carmen did the same. Brent
  stood at the door. Before they left, he pulled out his wallet.  
&quot; Here you go, slut, &quot; he said, pressing a crumpled fifty dollar
  bill into Miranda's hand.  
The next day, Miranda sent out her letter to Walker. He was right. She knew
  exactly what he wanted her to enclose in the envelope. It was a symbol, after
  all, and symbols are important. First she dropped in the fifty, but that wasn't
  enough. It wasn't the symbol he was looking for, she knew.  
She paused for a moment. This one was hard to let go of too, but she couldn't
  resist.  
Before mailing the envelope, she dropped in her wedding ring.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sabrina


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





