BDSM Library - How I Became an Old Queen




How I Became an Old Queen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Iarange for a man to sexually satisfy my wife.  She loves the sex and he turns me into a sissy. This story was written for the enjoyment of adults only. Please send any
  coments you have to 4playd@comcast.net.  
I love hearing from you.  
 How I Became an Old Queen  
 Written By 4play  
 My wife Pat and I have been married for 40 years. I was a Math teacher but
  now retired. She had a responsible job as an executive secretary for a patent
  law firm, but is also retired now. We raised two great kids and now have 4
  grandchildren. Pretty routine one might think, but for over 15 of those years
  we were very involved in the swinging couples scene in our spare time. Pat
  was a sweet young virgin when we married and I was also a virgin. Although
  I begged and pleaded to get us into the swinging lifestyle, once we were involved,
  she came to love it as much as I did. We attended many swing parties and hosted
  more than a few at our home. We had the best of both worlds, a stable loving
  home and all the unencumbered sex we wanted. We were both very happy with our
  lives. Then one day changed our lives forever!  
 The night before my birthday, I had a massive heart attack. I spent a week
  in the hospital and several months adjusting my medication before I was in
  a stable condition. As long as I took my pills, I could look forward to years
  of life. I was depressed from facing my own mortality, but even more down about
  the fact that now I was mostly impotent. Pat still loved me, but I knew she
  missed the wild sex life we used to have. While she never complained about
  it and was very supportive of me, I felt bad that I could no longer perform
  as a man and as a result our social life was greatly diminished.  
 One day as I was dwelling on my miseries, it dawned on me that the only
  way to improve things was to swallow my foolish pride and try to find her a
  steady man to take care of her sexual needs. I went on my computer and found
  a chat room. It happened to be an interracial chat room, which didn't bother
  me, since we had both had black partners in the past. I logged in as " oldercouplelooking" and
  was soon chatting with " BigBlackHunk." He asked our ages and I told him I
  was 60 and she was 59. It turned out that he was 45 and not scared off by our
  advanced age. He told me to send him a picture of us. I quickly sent him a
  picture of both of us. He told me that he thought Pat was very attractive and
  that he was sure he could please her. I explained that she wanted to be treated
  like a lady and not some whore. He assured me that he was a gentleman. He then
  asked me what part I wanted to play and I told him that I would serve them
  however they wished. He told me that he is quite dominant to the husband in
  a situation like the one we were discussing. I told him that while I had little
  experience at being submissive, I was willing to learn in order to make Pat
  happy again. He assured me that he was man enough to enforce his will on me.
  I wasn't so sure I would like being his submissive servant, but I knew things
  had to change at our house and was determined to improve things for my dear
  wife. At least I thought I would try it out before refusing completely.  
 The man I was chatting with told me he wanted to talk to Pat and insisted
  that I put her on. I went and got Pat from the other room where she was reading.
  I explained what I was thinking of doing and asked her to come into the computer
  room and talk with this fellow. She was surprised at my disclosure, but pleased
  that I was being so considerate of her needs. She went to the computer and
  told me to wait in the other room while she got to know this person. I wanted
  to see what they were talking about, but dutifully went to the living room
  to wait until she was done. As I sat nervously waiting for them to finish their
  conversation, I knew that I had better get used to being patient and obedient.
  I felt a tinge of regret for what I had started in motion, but realized that
  it was all for Pat's benefit and that made it all right with me.  
 After about a half an hour, Pat called me to come back to the computer room.
  She had me sit at the keyboard and tell Him that it was don talking to him
  now. She stood behind me and rubbed my nipples as I typed. He told me, " Pat
  is a very sweet lady. She loves you and made me promise not to hurt you which
  will save you some pain. She and I agreed to get together and see how we hit
  it off. I'll be at your house on Friday evening. Are you ready to obey me?" I
  automatically typed back, " Yes sir." He said, " Very good, you have real potential." I
  typed back, " Thank you sir." He then typed out, " See you both on Friday."and
  clicked off the screen. So it was settled, he was coming here to make love
  to Pat. My future seemed uncertain.  
 Pat was smiling like I hadn't seen her do in months. She gave me a big hug
  and told me, " I Love you dear, that was so sweet of you to arrange this just
  for me." I replied, " I love to see you happy honey, and am willing to do this
  for you." She kissed me deeply and said, " It means a lot to me that you are
  willing to submit to him just to make me happy." She took my hand and led me
  to the bedroom where we stripped and got into bed. She kissed and fondled me
  before pushing my head down to her pussy. As I licked her bottom, she talked
  about how much she was looking forward to meeting Chuck. I thought, " So that
  was his name." I realized that I hadn't asked for it. Pat told me how sweet
  she thought I was and told me, " Please go along with what Chuck wants, at
  least until I find out how he is in bed." I lifted my head up, said,, " Yes
  dear, I will.", and went right back to work. Once I had licked her to two orgasms,
  she pulled me up to kiss her and then rolled over to go to sleep. I cuddled
  up behind her and held her left breast and tried to sleep. I wondered if I
  had done the right thing in trying to make Pat happy.  
 The rest of the week went slowly for me. Pat was delightfully happy and
  smiling and I was worried. On Thursday, Pat told me, " Honey go get some rum
  and some coke for Chuck, He told me that's what he drinks." I answered, " Yes
  dear." and went to two stores to get the ingredients for Chuck's favorite drink.
  All the while I was on my errand I kept thinking, " I'm serving Chuck already
  and haven't even met him yet."  
 Friday afternoon Pat and I both showered and dressed nicely to meet our
  new friend. At 8 pm sharp the doorbell rang. I went to answer it and saw Chuck
  standing there. He was as he had described himself, tall dark and handsome.
  He walked right in and set down his suitcase. He grabbed me by the shirt and
  asked, " Are you still wanting to serve as my slave boy?" His menacing manner
  frightened me, but I said, " Yes sir." He went on to warn me, " Any hesitation
  in carrying out my orders will cause you to be punished. Just be a good slave
  and I will treat you well." He was lifting me to my tiptoes and looking me
  right in the eyes as I answered, " Yes sir."  
He smiled, released me and told me, " Show me to your sweet wife boy." I
  led him into the family room where Pat was waiting. He went to her and kissed
  her warmly. " Hello dear, nice to meet you." , he said when the kiss was finished.
  P at told him, " I'm delighted to meet you Chuck. You really are a hunk of
  a Man." He grinned and told her, " You will find me a great lover too Pat." She
  looked up into his eyes and replied, " I'm sure you are and I can hardly wait,
  but first lets have a drink and get to know each other a bit." He nodded and
  told me, " Fix me a rum and coke, 50-50 mix." I answered, " Yes sir" and left
  to make him a drink and get Pat a glass of wine. After I delivered their drinks,
  I left them to talk a bit and went to take my heart pills. When I returned,
  they were necking on the couch. I stood quietly watching and envying him.  
 Finally, Chuck looked over at me and ordered, " Take off your clothes boy,
  I want to see what you look like." I wasn't expecting this! He glared at me
  and Pat was nodding furiously signaling me that she wanted me to obey him.
  I had agreed to obey him, so I stripped naked and stood there in front of them.
  Pat had seen me naked many times over the years, but Chuck laughed at my body.
  My limp dick and my little girlish titties struck him funny. I had to stand
  there humiliated and take his ridicule. Pat stood up, gave me a wink and said, " I'm
  going to slip into something more comfortable, you two have fun." She left
  for our bedroom with me standing naked in front of her new found lover. He
  told me, " Jack yourself off for me boy." I stroked my dick for a few minutes
  without any effect, which caused him to chuckle. He said, " You sure aren't
  a man, fit nothing but to be a bitch slave. I blushed and responded, " Yes
  sir, I know." I was shamed beyond belief standing there naked in front of this
  younger man and calling him sir. He was the man and clearly knew it. He stood
  up and told me, " Undress your master slave boy." I stepped forward and unbuttoned
  his shirt, removed it and hung it over a chair. I was thinking, " I'm 6o years
  old and he's calling me boy." I knelt down and untied his shoes and removed
  them one at a time. While still kneeling I removed his socks. He told me, " Kiss
  my feet slave." He wasn't kidding when told me in chat he would dominate me.
  He was enjoying having me in his power and exerting control of me. I kissed
  each of his bare feet. The next thing was his pants, so I unbuckled his belt
  and unzipped his fly. As I slid his pants down I was face to face with his
  massive cock. He wore no underwear. He smiled at my shock. I had never been
  this close to another man's cock. He told me, " Go ahead slave kiss it, you
  know you want to." I started to pull back, but he grabbed me by the ears and
  pulled my head to his crotch. " I told you to kiss it and you will do it.",
  he snarled. I took his cock in my hands and lightly kissed the head. As I did
  that I heard a gasp behind me. Pat had returned and had witnessed my shameful
  act.  
 Chuck told Pat, " You look lovely my dear." She replied, " You have a wonderful
  masculine body Chuck. I'm glad you came over tonight." He stepped out of his
  pants and walked over to Pat and kissed her. Then she took his hand and led
  him to our bedroom. He told me to follow behind them. I got up off my knees
  and walked behind them. My hope was that Pat would have a good enough time
  to make it worth the humiliation I had endured so far. When I entered the bedroom,
  I notice that Pat had turned down the covers and I knew that she was turned
  on by Chuck and his body. He slipped her nightie off of her body and handed
  it to me. He told me, " Put this on slave, you have the body of a girl, you
  might as well dress like one." I hadn't planned on this, but he reached over
  and pinched my nipple quite hard. I pulled the nightie over my head and stood
  there feeling foolish. Chuck kissed each of Pat's nipples and lifted her off
  her feel and laid her on the bed. He got into bed with her and began making
  love to her. I stood by waiting and envying this young man. He was doing what
  I used to be able to do, only better. As I watched , he drove her wild, bringing
  her to orgasms like I never could. She was moaning and clutching his back.
  I had never seen her so passionate before and we had been married for many
  years. They made love for well over an hour before he shot his load, kissed
  her and told her that she was a wonderful partner. Pat's hair was wet and clinging
  to her head, her body covered with sweat and she was totally satisfied. She
  told him, "Chuck, you are the best lover I've ever had. That was fantastic.
  Thank you dear." She got off the bed and kissed me on the cheek. She told me, " Thank
  you honey for setting this up. It shows that you love me very much." Pat went
  into the bathroom and Chuck asked me, " Well, did you enjoy watching us make
  love?" I blushed and replied, " I loved seeing Pat enjoy herself, but feel
  bad that I can no longer accomplish that sir." He laughed and told me, " You
  never could boy. You aren't half the man I am." I cast my eyes down as I said, " No
  sir, I never was, even less so now." He smiled at me and reminded me, " This
  was all your idea of a way to make Pat happy. Just keep pleasing me and I will
  take care of her. Is that clear slave?" Slave? I had told him I would serve
  him, but a slave? I meekly murmured, " Yes sir, I understand."  
 Pat emerged from the bathroom and asked Chuck if he wanted to join her in
  the hot tub. He grinned and got off the bed and followed her through the house
  to the backyard. I followed meekly behind them. Chuck turned to me and said, " Bring
  us another drink boy." I replied, " Yes sir." and went to the bar to make their
  drinks. They were cuddling in the warm water when I delivered their drinks.
  Pat told me, " Thanks honey." , when I handed her wine to her. Chuck merely
  nodded and told me to bring them out some towels. I went back in the house,
  fetched the towels and delivered them. I felt uncomfortable watching them.
  It was strange feeling like a third wheel in my own house. I went in to the
  family room to await their return. Still wearing that short nightie, I felt
  like less than a man and that bothered me. I had meant well by trying to make
  Pat happy again, but it now felt like it had backfired on me.  
 Chuck and Pat walked in wearing the towels and holding hands. Pat was smiling
  broadly and obviously enjoying herself. Chuck motioned for me to follow them
  as they went to the bedroom. I trailed behind them wondering if they were going
  to have another round of sex already. Once in the bedroom, Chuck dropped his
  towel. I had to admit that his body was magnificent. No wonder Pat was enthralled
  by it. Chuck told me, " Well girlie boy, you said you would serve me, it's
  time for you to come here and suck my cock hard so we can make love again." I
  pleaded with him, " Please sir, I'm not gay. I've never done that and don't
  want to start now." He told me, " Lift your nightie boy." I obeyed him and
  raised up the hem of my nightie exposing my body to him. Chuck laughed and
  asked, " Is that the body of a man?" I blushed and meekly replied, " No sir,
  you have the body of a man." He continued, " As long as you have a body more
  like a girl you might as well do what a girl does for a man." He reached out,
  grabbed my nipples and pulled me down to my knees in front of him. I was made
  acutely aware of my girlish titties and felt ashamed of them. I looked at Pat
  hoping she would intervene on my behalf, but saw she was nodding furiously.
  She wanted me to suck him hard! Chuck twisted my nipples causing me pain. His
  cock was right in front of my mouth and so to avoid the pain I reached up and
  took it into my mouth. Chuck beamed at his triumph and told me, " That's a
  good girl, just suck gently and lick the underside with your tongue from time
  to time. You will learn to please your master like a good slave." I sucked
  on his massive manhood and felt it grow until I was gagging from it's size." He
  released my nipples and said, " Good girl." He turned to Pat and took her to
  bed.  
 They made love vigorously for well over an hour while I knelt there feeling
  very defiled. That man had stripped me of my manhood in the space of a few
  hours. I felt totally humiliated by his treatment of me. Even worse was the
  betrayal by the loving wife I had set this up for. She was so infatuated with
  this stud and the sexual pleasure he gave her that my feelings seemed not to
  matter to her. When they finally finished their sexual marathon, Chuck told
  me, " Come up here and lick your wife clean." I looked at him in a stunned
  daze. He got off the bed, picked me up and laid me between her legs. He said, " I
  just pleased your wife like you can't do, now you please her in the only way
  you can." I began lapping at her steaming pussy. The strong smell of sex was
  overpowering. While I performed oral sex on Pat, Chuck was telling me that
  he thought it was important for me to be involved in her sexual pleasure. He
  assured me that he was only being considerate of my feelings and didn't want
  me to feel left out. When Pat had enough of my efforts, she told me, " That
  was wonderful honey, thank you very much." She rolled over and was soon asleep.
  Clearly Chuck had worn her out. Chuck patted the bed on the other side of him
  and told me, " Come over here sweet lips, you sleep here tonight." I walked
  over to that side of the bed and crawled in. I turned out the light hoping
  to sleep and end this ordeal for tonight.  
 Chuck ran his hands over my body as he told me, " You did well tonight dearie.
  You will learn to serve me well." He reached under my nightie and fondled my
  breasts, which I found strangely arousing. He asked me, " That is what you
  want isn't it you old sissy?" I replied, " I'm not sure sir." He grinned and
  said, " Remember, you were the one who set all this in motion." I answered, " Yes
  sir, I know I did." He fondled my balls and told me, " They are cute, worthless,
  but cute." He then said, " You have seen the way your sweet wife responds to
  my screwing her. Don't you want her to be satisfied?" I replied, " Yes sir,
  I love her very much and want to see her happy, but you humiliate me more than
  I can stand." He whispered, " So your foolish pride will deprive Pat of her
  pleasure." I whispered back, " Please sir, I must save some of my self respect." He
  snickered and asked, " What self respect can a cocksucker like you have left?" I
  whispered, " Not much sir." He grabbed my pubic hair and told me, " If I come
  back here, this stuff better be gone. I want my slave to have a hairless body." He
  pulled my head down to his crotch and ordered me, " Kiss it goodnight slave.
  Show your Master how subservient you are." With his strong hands holding my
  head down there, I had little choice, so I kissed it. He released me saying, " That's
  a good girl, goodnight dearie." He rolled over and went to sleep. I lay awake
  for a long time wondering what I gotten myself into and where all this was
  heading.  
 The sun was shining through the window when I awoke to find them having
  sex again. Chuck's vigorous thrusts were causing Pat's breasts to flop on her
  chest. She was thrashing and moaning and asking him to fuck her harder. She
  never did that for me. I looked down, realized I was still wearing that short
  nightie and felt like a fool. He was screwing Pat senseless and I was dressed
  like a girl. To say I regretted ever contacting this man was an understatement.
  I knew our life together would never be the same.  
 When they finished, Chuck noticed that I was awake and demanded, " Get over
  here and lick your dear wife clean." I got out of bed and went to where Pat
  lay with her legs spread wide. I obediently licked her pussy clean of his semen,
  bringing her to two more orgasms. Pat grabbed my head and pulled me up to kiss
  me and say, " Thank you darling, that was wonderful." I felt better after that.
  At least she appreciated what I was going through for her. Chuck told me, " Lick
  me clean too slave." When I hesitated, He grabbed me by the hair and pulled
  my head to his crotch. " Do as I tell you slave.", he demanded. Obedience seemed
  my only option, so I licked his cock. When he was satisfied that he had asserted
  his dominance of me, he said, " That's enough girlie, go make us some coffee." I
  gladly left to put on the coffee. I was glad to be away from him. He seemed
  to delight in humiliating me.  
 The coffee was done brewing and I was just getting ready to pour them each
  a cup when Pat walked into the kitchen. She told me, " Chuck is taking a shower,
  he'll come out when he's done." She pouted herself a cup of coffee and told
  me to get one for myself. I did and joined her at the kitchen table. She told
  me, " I can't thank you enough for the fun I had last night honey. Chuck is
  a fantastic lover and I haven't climaxed like that in years. I know it wasn't
  pleasant for you and do appreciate all the things you went through for me." I
  replied, " I'm happy that you were satisfied my dear, but I didn't realize
  how much he would degrade me. I want you to have fun, but I'm not sure I can
  take much more of him tormenting me." Pat pleaded with me, " Please go along
  for a bit longer, he will be leaving soon." I reluctantly nodded my agreement.  
 Chuck walked into the kitchen, got himself a cup of coffee and sat down
  with us. He said, " It's too bad I have to leave when we were having such good
  time, but I have a business appointment and I need to gather some materials
  before that." He must have noticed me smile because he added, " Don't worry,
  the next time I will reserve more time for you two nice people." He finished
  his coffee and stood up. He walked over and gave Pat a tender kiss before telling
  her," You are a wonderful lover Patty dear. You deserve a man like me to tend
  to your desires." He handed her a business card and told her," Call me when
  you want to see me again sweetie." He looked at me, smiled and said, " You
  have real possibilities as someone to serve me. Remember the things we talked
  about last night." He was chuckling as he walked out the front door.  
 We were alone at last, I quickly took off that damned nightie. I wanted
  to feel like a man in my own house! I wanted to talk about how things had gone
  when Chuck was here, but Pat said," Please dear, let's talk about it later.
  I want to bask in the glow for awhile first." She went to take a shower and
  get dressed. The rest of the day she was cheerful and positively glowing. It
  was quite evident that she had enjoyed herself immensely. I on the other, hand
  had been degraded and made to look like a fool. Imagine the nerve of that man
  to treat me like I was his girlie slave. It's true I wasn't nearly the man
  I once was, but I wasn't a girl and sure didn't want to be treated like one!  
 All day long, she puttered around the house an I played on my computer.
  We didn't talk much as we had entirely different outlooks on the encounter
  with Chuck. I knew she relished the experience as much as I hated it. Finally,
  evening came and we went to bed. Pat finally was ready to discuss things. She
  told me, " Don it was so wonderful of you to set me up with Chuck. I know it
  was hard for you to do and I love you all the more for that." I replied, " Honey
  you know I love you very much and even after he told me he would be dominant
  with me, I thought I could probably handle that." She kissed me and then asked, " What
  was so unbearable for you dear?" The words gushed out of me and as my emotions
  were released, I began sobbing. I told her," He made me wear that nightie and
  played with my nipples. He went out of his way to make me look small and you
  went along with him. You encouraged me to suck his cock!" She kissed me on
  the cheek, fondled my chest and told me, " You have nice boobies my dear, I
  don't blame him for wanting to play with them." She then said, " You don't
  see anything wrong with me sucking your cock, why do you think that act is
  beneath you?" I had no answer for that one, but protested saying, " But that's
  different, girls all do that, men don't." She chuckled at that and replied,"I
  saw you suck Chuck's cock, what does that make you?" I said, "But you saw,
  he forced me to and you encouraged me to do it." Pat replied, " I know dear,
  I wanted him again and was afraid he would leave if you refused. He told me
  in the hot tub that he loved sex with me, but also enjoyed making you serve
  him. Is a bit of humiliation too high a price for my pleasure?" I had to stop
  and think awhile on that question, but finally said, " Dear, you know I love
  you very much and would do anything for you." She asked, " Anything?" I responded, " well
  almost anything, but you don't know what he is demanding of me." Pat answered, " I
  think I do, but you tell me so I am sure." I blurted out, " He wants me to
  shave my body. He wants to make me a girlish sissy." She countered by saying, " What's
  the big deal about that, I've shaved my body for years for you?" She told me, " I
  thought you looked cute in that nightie and darling sucking Chuck." I kissed
  her goodnight and rolled over to go to sleep. We would discuss this some more
  tomorrow. Cute indeed!  
 Sunday morning was pleasant, we had a nice breakfast and read the paper.
  Pat went to work on her sewing project and I went to my computer. On a whim,
  I went back to the chat room where I had first contacted Chuck. As soon as
  I logged in, I got a Private message from Chuck. He said, " Hello sweetie,
  how's my slave today?" I Typed back," I'm not your slave sir and don't want
  to be." He typed, " Lol, You will be soon enough. I know Pat loved being with
  me and she will convince you that you should do my bidding." I gasped but knew
  he was right. From the way she was talking last night, she was on his side.
  He then sent, " You will look so cute with a hairless body, a bra and panties
  and maybe some high heels." I told him I would never wear such things. He again
  sent, " Lol, better watch what you say dearie, or I will include lipstick too." I
  told him, " I hope I never see you again sir." I wondered why I was still calling
  him sir. He said, " See you soon my submissive slave.", and then signed off.
  I logged off too, shaken by the confidence this man had that he would get his
  way.  
 That night after supper, Pat brought up the subject again. She had made
  me a special dessert and I was in a good mood. She asked, " Don would please
  think about it, I really want to call Chuck." I told her, " Yes dear, but he
  wants my body hairless." She cooed," No problem my dear, I can take care of
  that for you." I also told her, " He wants me to wear a bra and panties too." She
  smiled and stated, " I will shop for those for you dear. Please tell me that
  it's ok for me to call Chuck." Looking into her beautiful brown eyes, I knew
  I couldn't refuse her. I said, " Ok dear, we'll try it at least one more time." She
  hugged me and squealed with delight.  
 After the kitchen was cleaned up, she led me into the bathroom and told
  me to take off all my clothes. When I was naked, she began clipping off my
  pubic hair. She then sprayed the area with foam and shaved the area bald. She
  kissed me and said, " That wasn't so bad was it?" It felt strange to look like
  a boy again, but I agreed that it wasn't so bad. She then shaved my legs and
  told me, " You have great legs honey, most women wish they had legs as good
  as yours." Strangely, I blushed at that remark. Pat also shaved my armpits
  and the few hairs around my nipples. I was hairless from the neck down. She
  kissed me and told me," You look so sweet baby. Thank you for doing this for
  me." I looked at myself in the full length mirror and knew that Chuck was getting
  his way. I was going to be his girlie toy. Pat pulled out a measuring tape
  and measured my chest right under my boobies and then measured again around
  the top of them. I asked her, " What are you doing now?" She told me, " Measuring
  you for a bra darling, I have to know what size to buy." She wrote down the
  measurements and announced, " You will take a 38A bra honey." I again blushed,
  I couldn't believe I was going to start wearing a bra at my age. She assured
  me, " Don't worry baby, I will buy you a nice push-up model that will do wonders
  for your figure, maybe even a lightly padded one." She was really getting into
  the idea of making me girlie for Chuck. I wasn't sure I was pleased by her
  eagerness to help him turn me into a sissy slave. Pat took me by the hand and
  took me to bed. She caressed my hairless body and told me how good I felt now.
  I was pleased that she felt that way, but suspected that she was just trying
  to encourage me to like my new look. We hugged and kissed like teenagers before
  going to sleep.  
 Monday morning I heard Pat on the phone with Chuck, she was telling him
  that she wanted to see him again. I couldn't hear what he was saying, but he
  obviously was expecting her call. I heard her tell him that everything would
  be ready for him. When she hung up the phone, she was beaming. She said, " He's
  coming here Friday evening and plans on spending the whole weekend here!" I
  tried to seem pleased, but was already dreading the upcoming encounter. I smiled
  and said, " How nice." Pat got her jacket on, grabbed her car keys and walked
  into the garage. I asked her where she was going and she grinned at me saying, " Shopping
  for your new things dear, be good and I'll be home soon." As I watched her
  drive off, I worried about what I had gotten myself into. Was I really going
  to wear a bra and panties for that demanding man? Pat's happiness was important
  to me, but wasn't this going too far?  
 Pat returned from shopping with a couple of bags and hurried me into the
  bedroom to try on my new garments. She first tried a pink lacy bra on me and
  wonder of wonders it fit perfect. It pushed up my boobs and with the padding
  I had a nicely protruding chest. " It looks darling on you honey, Chuck will
  be so pleased." , Pat exclaimed. She next had me step into a pair of matching
  panties. When I pulled them up, I found the feel of them pleasant. She handed
  me a pair of thigh high nylons and had me put them on, I asked her why I needed
  those, she replied, " They make your legs look nice dear, besides your feet
  will get sore without them when you wear your heels." She reached into another
  bag and pulled out a box containing a pair of open-toed, black, 4&quot; high
  heels. She had me put them on and walk unsteadily to look at myself in the
  mirror. I did have a nice figure, I decided. Pat told me, " You had better
  keep those shoes on until you learn to walk in them properly." She pulled out
  a pink, short nightie and told me, " Now you have your own nightie dear and
  won't have to wear mine anymore." I put the nightie on and she was delighted
  with how I looked. " Oh baby you look great, please stay dressed for the rest
  of the day for me." When I nodded yes, she kissed me and gave me a big hug.
  She said, " You are my sweet husband and I love you more than ever." I asked
  her what was in the other bags and she told me, " Those are other outfits for
  you, I can't have you wearing the same thing every day."  
 The rest of the day every time she passed by me she fondled my behind or
  felt my breasts. That night she had me do oral sex on her still wearing my
  bra and nightie. When she had her orgasms, she kissed me and said, " Goodnight
  my love.", and went to sleep. I couldn't help but feel my own boobs. Strangely
  it was quite erotic. Much like when I had first felt Pat's young breasts while
  we were dating. Maybe I was meant for this after all. Had Chuck with his experience
  seen something in me I didn't know existed? I finally feel into a restless
  sleep.  
 The rest of the week Pat went about her business with a smile. On Thursday
  she had me get dressed up for her again. She then told me she was going to
  teach me to cook a few meals. I was taken aback by that statement, and asked
  her," Why dear, I've never cooked a meal in all our years of marriage." She
  smiled, but said, " It's time you learned. You don't expect me to be in the
  kitchen when Chuck is here do you?" I answered, " I guess not, but why can't
  we go out to eat?" She laughed at me and asked," With you wearing your nightie? " " Oh,
  I get it now.", I replied. She said, " Maybe someday we can buy you some clothes
  suitable for going out, but for now I think you are housebound." I shuddered
  at the idea of going out of the house dressed like a woman, but paid close
  attention as she showed me how to make a few meals. It was clear that I would
  be their cook this coming weekend. My other duties remained to be seen. The
  only thing I was certain of was that I would be humiliated again.  
 Friday morning, Pat and I had a nice breakfast and then she went to get
  her hair done. While she was gone, I played some games on my computer, but
  was unable to concentrate due to my fretting about the upcoming weekend. Pat
  came back around noon and told me," You'd better get ready dear. It takes a
  lot more time to look pretty you know." As I went to take my shower she cautioned
  me, " You'd better shave again dear, you don't want any stubble when Chuck
  gets here." She seemed so bossy, that I answered, " Yes Ma'am." I really didn't
  need to shave again so soon. I had never been very hairy anyway, but shaved
  my body again anyway figuring there was no sense in giving Chuck a reason to
  get angry with me. Even though he had promised Pat he wouldn't hurt me, he
  certainly was capable of doing so if he so chose. If he wanted me wearing girlie
  things, I would go along for Pat's sake.  
 When I emerged from the shower, Pat was nude in our bedroom. She had taken
  a bath and was about to paint her nails. She saw me and asked," Would you be
  a dear and apply this for me?" I polished her toenails and then she held out
  her hands so I put the same red polish on her fingernails. She said," Thank
  you dear, now I think you should do your nails to match mine." I protested, " But
  he didn't say anything about that." She smiled and told me, " Just do as I
  say, Chuck will be pleased." I grumbled a bit, but painted my nails anyway.
  When our nails were dry, we got dressed. She wore a short skirt and a low cut
  blouse and looked very sexy. I wore my bra and panties, hose, heels and my
  new pink babydoll nightie. We made quite a pair, she looked sexy and I looked
  foolish. While we waited for her lover, Pat had me put on an apron and make
  the sauce for the spaghetti we would have for supper. I was nearly finished
  cooking the meatballs, when the doorbell rang. Pat left to answer the door
  while I finished what I was doing.  
 Chuck's deep voice carried into the kitchen as he told Pat, " I'm so glad
  you called Patty darling." During the silence that followed, I assumed they
  were kissing. After a few minutes, I heard him ask where his slave was. Pat
  replied, " Slaving away in the kitchen cooking dinner for you." Chuck asked
  her, " Did the old wimp obey me?" Pat happily told him, " I think you will
  be pleased lover." They walked into the kitchen and when Chuck saw me standing
  by the stove he smiled. He told me, " You look very pretty my slave, that bra
  shows off your tits nicely." I blushed, feeling very embarrassed standing there
  dressed as I was. I placed the finished meatballs in the sauce and turned the
  heat on low to keep the mixture warm until I cooked the noodles. He told me
  to lift my nightie and drop my panties. I did as he ordered. He ran his hand
  over my smooth hairless pubic region. " Very nice, I knew you would obey me.",
  he gloated. He had me take off my apron and nightie. As I stood there in my
  heels, bra and panties he remarked to Pat," You chose those things well my
  dear. He looks like a sissy bitch in them and that's just the effect I wanted." Pat
  smiled and replied, " I know Chuck, you told me that in the hot tub." I knew
  then that she was in cahoots with this man. Her pleasure was my reason for
  bearing this degradation, I wondered what her reason for aiding him in achieving
  it.  
 Chuck told me, " Make us some drinks girl and bring them to us." I meekly
  said, " Yes sir." He and Pat went into the family room and sat on the couch.
  When I brought their drinks, they were necking. Pat looked up and said, " You
  may start cooking the noodles now dear, we'll eat before playing." I mumbled, " OK." and
  turned to leave. Chuck jumped up, grabbed and spun me around. He snarled at
  me, " Listen bitch, when I'm here, you will show respect to my lady. The proper
  response is, ' Yes Ma'am, like any servant!' " He looked so sternly at me I
  was afraid he would hit me and stammered, " Yes sir, I understand." He told
  me, " Good, now don't ever forget it!" He released me and I hurried to the
  kitchen. While waiting for the water to boil, I set the table using our good
  china and flatware. I lit two candles and dimmed the lights to set a more romantic
  mood for the lovers.  
 When all was ready I told them that supper was served and they came to the
  table. I dished up the meal and sat down with them. It was surreal, they were
  fully dressed and I sat there wearing pink thong panties and a matching bra.
  Chuck took a closer look at my nails as we raised our glasses and instead of
  a toast, he said, " I like the way you polished your nails for me slave. That
  is a nice touch girl, keep doing that." I resented his use of the term girl,
  but considering how I was dressed it seemed reasonable. After refilling his
  plate twice, I realized how much a big man ate. They made small talk during
  dinner and by the end I was feeling comfortable in my scanty garb. I felt Chuck's
  eyes on my breasts several times during the meal, but pretended not to notice.
  After they finished eating, I made them another drink and then they retired
  to the family room while I cleaned up the kitchen.  
 When I was done with the cleanup, I walked into the family room. Chuck stood
  up and announced, " It's playtime, lets go to the bedroom." Pat hurried off,
  but he took me by the hand and turned me to face him. He smiled and said, " So
  you will never wear panties and a bra eh sissy?" I looked down at how I was
  dressed and blushed. I meekly answered, " Pat talked me into it sir." He laughed
  and said, " I knew she would and that you would look like the sissy bitch you
  are." His harsh words brought tears to my eyes. Chuck quickly noticed them
  and warned," Don't cry yet my little fag slut, you will have much worse ahead
  of you." He Pinched my nipples through my bra and pulled me to my tiptoes.
  He looked into my eyes and totally intimidated me. I asked, " Please sir, why
  are you being so mean to me? I just wanted you to satisfy my wife and never
  agreed to being humiliated like this." He chuckled and said," You old fool,
  you have invited the wolf into the henhouse and you will obey me like the fairy
  bitch I want you to be." He let me back down and added, " Besides Pat agrees
  with me that you have a feminine streak in you that need to be fully explored.
  Now let's join her in the bedroom, shall we?" I managed to reply, " Yes sir,
  whatever you say." As I walked down the hall to the bedroom he was pinching
  my bare ass cheeks.  
 Pat was naked bye the time we entered the bedroom and had the covers turned
  down on the bed. It was very evident that she could hardly wait for the sex
  to start. Chuck told me, " Undress your master slave." I obediently removed
  his clothes and laid them neatly on the chair. When he was completely naked,
  he told me, " Take off your shoes, hose and panties, leave the bra on." I stripped
  down to just my bra and stood there in front of them. They were grinning at
  each other as Chuck ordered, " Kneel and suck me hard bitch." I looked to Pat
  only to see her nodding her agreement. As I knelt in front of him and took
  his cock into my mouth, he demanded, " Look into my eyes the whole time bitch,
  I want you to know who you are serving." I couldn't answer with his huge cock
  in my mouth, but I tilted my head back and stare into his eyes as ordered.
  He was holding my breasts as I sucked away. As soon as he got hard he began
  a slow thrusting into my mouth. I began choking and gagging and it brought
  tears to my eyes. He had a cruel smile on his face and I saw no sign of mercy
  in his eyes. Pat encouraged him saying, " That's it chuck, fuck that sissy's
  face good." Suddenly He forced his cock down my throat and pumped his sperm
  deep inside my gullet. I was unable to breathe and struggled for air. He laughed
  as I squirmed impaled on his cock. He pulled out and I fell on my side gasping
  for air. He announced, " Now you are truly my bitch. I own anyone who accepts
  my seed." He took Pat by the hand and told me, " We're going to the hot tub,
  bring us some towels when you recover."  
 It took me a few minutes to recover, but as soon as I could stand I got
  two towels and took them out to the hot tub. Chuck told me to hang them on
  the hooks and join them in the tub. I hung up the towels and started to remove
  my bra, but he stopped me. " Leave it on sissy, they make your tits look nice.",
  he said. I stepped into the tub and he grabbed me by my balls and pulled me
  over to him. He commanded, " Sit by me my little slave," I sat beside him in
  the hot water. Pat sat across from me watching my reaction carefully. He asked, " How
  did you like servicing a real man?" I looked down at my feet as I meekly uttered, " It
  was too big sir, I was choking." He roared with laughter at that. He told me, " If
  you had a cock like mine, you wouldn't have to find a man to please her. You
  didn't expect me to have a tiny worm like you, did you?" I answered, " No sir,
  but I didn't know I would be sucking you either." He chuckled and told me, " There
  are many things you don't know, but you will learn how to please a man like
  a good bitch should. You need to understand that your sweet wife and I are
  now lovers. You will remain here as long as you are obedient and know your
  role is to serve us. Do you understand that you are now a bitch slave?" I looked
  across at Pat and saw her nodding. I was shaken very badly by this unexpected
  development. This was not what I had imagined at all. Chuck grabbed my head
  and turned it so I was looking into his eyes. He asked, " Do you understand
  what I just told you?" I felt trapped and managed to say. " Yes sir, I heard
  you." He snarled, " That's not what I asked you bitch, do you understand that
  you are now my bitch slave?" I pleaded with him, " But sir, I'm a man not a
  bitch." He laughed at me then asked, " Does a man wear a bra? Does a man suck
  off another man? Does a man paint his toenails or shave his balls?" I shook
  my head no. He stood up, his muscles rippled and his hairy crotch near my face. " Take
  a look bitch, I am a man." I had to agree that he was a man. He now told me, " You
  stand up and take a look at yourself." I did and was disgusted with what I
  saw. He asked, " Are you a man?" I answered," No sir." He grabbed my limp dick
  and said, : Well you're not a woman either. What does that leave for you to
  be then?" I lowered my head and replied, " A bitch sir." He said with obvious
  pleasure, " Yes, you are a bitch and more important you are my bitch to use
  as I see fit." I murmured, " Yes sir." He demanded, " Say it, I want to hear
  you tell me what you are." I stammered, " I am your bitch sir, and exist for
  you to use as you see fit." He kissed me on my forehead and praised, " Very
  good bitch, now you know your place." Pat came over to sit beside me and told
  me, " Honey you know I love you and have for all these years. I just can no
  longer love you as a man." My nipples clearly showed through my wet bra and
  I understood what she was telling me and why. I was no longer a man. I was
  a bitch only fit to serve a man.  
 We sat there for another 20 minutes or so, Pat fondling my limp dick which
  never did get hard. I think she did that to emphasize that I was no longer
  capable of pleasing her as a man. I got the message loud and clear. Chuck stood
  up and said, " Lets go to the bedroom, I want to make love to my woman." We
  got out of the hot tub and followed him into the house. They were drying themselves
  with the towels, I would have to drip dry. With my bra soaking wet, I got a
  chill which caused my nipples to jut out. Chuck noticed and said, " Look Pat,
  our bitch is turned on by the idea of watching a real man make love to you.
  I covered my tits with my hands. They got into bed and he began making love
  to her. I stood there shivering and watched him drive her wild for a long time
  before they finished and lay exhausted in each other's arms. He finally got
  out of bed and told me, " Get down there bitch and suck and lick her clean.
  You'll find it easier than getting my seed directly down your throat." I had
  no pride left and immediately obeyed. He was right, it was easier than having
  him fuck my throat.  
 Chuck came back with his suitcase which he had left by the door. He opened
  it on the bench at the foot of the bed. He told me, " Get on all fours bitch
  and spread your legs wide." I obeyed and felt him rub some cold creamy stuff
  on and inside my anal opening. I looked back and saw him lubricating up a butt
  plug. " Please sir, not that." , I begged. He told me, " This is for your own
  good bitch, I need to loosen up your ' pussy' so I can make you a woman." I
  shuddered at the implication of his words, but braced myself as he eased that
  plug up inside of me. When it was fully inserted, he told me, " See, that wasn't
  so bad. Now get up and put on your panties to hold it in there." When I pulled
  on my tight fitting thong, I knew it would remain in place. Pat gave me a deep
  kiss, told me she loved me and rolled over and went to sleep.  
 Chuck told me to turn off the light and come to bed. As I walked with that
  plug inside me I had an extra wiggle to my butt. I turned off the light and
  crawled into bed beside my owner. He ran his hands over my body and fondled
  my tits. He was talking in low tones as he asked, " Is this the same person
  who told me on Sunday that he would never wear a bra and panties?" I whispered, " Yes
  sir, I was wrong about that." He ran his hand down into my panties and fondled
  my balls. He kissed me on my cheek and told me, " These are so cute I may let
  you keep them." With him clutching my balls in his hand, I knew he could hurt
  me very easily and I said, " Thank you sir." He softly chuckled and told me, " I
  want you to remember that you are a male being used as a bitch by a real man.
  It will be all the harder for you to deal with. Tomorrow I will take your ass
  cherry and then it will become another pussy for me to use. I put that plug
  in you so that I don't tear you up too badly. Are you ready for that my little
  old fag bitch?" I shuddered at his words and the knowledge that he was serious.
  I begged him, " Please sir, not that! Isn't it enough that I serve you dressed
  in panties and a bra?" He tightened his grip on my genitals slightly and asked, " Do
  I have to crush these, or will you willingly take me up your ass?" He had me
  totally in his power and knew it. I told him, " I will be delighted to have
  you fuck me sir." He released his grip and said, " I knew you would. You will
  love being my cum dump. Pat told me she doesn't do anal, so you will have to
  satisfy my desires for that." He felt up my tits and kissed me hard shoving
  his tongue into my mouth. He then told me, " Kiss my cock goodnight sweety." I
  bent down and kissed the head of his cock. He curled up behind with his hand
  on my boob and went to sleep. I laid there, afraid to move with that plug in
  my ass and dreading tomorrow. How had I let this happen to me? All I wanted
  was a man to make her happy, but now she belonged to him and he owned me too.  
 Their lovemaking woke me up in the morning. I lay quietly waiting for them
  to finish as I wanted to ask Chuck if I could please remove that butt plug.
  I was keenly aware of it's bulk filling my insides and desperately needed to
  go to the bathroom. It took another half an hour before they were both sated.
  I couldn't have imagined the stamina of that man if I hadn't witnessed it several
  times already. Chuck had me lick them both clean as usual before I finally
  got the chance to ask, " Please sir, may I remove the plug now? I really need
  to go to the bathroom badly." He chuckled and said, " Sure sissy, you can remove
  it to go potty." I felt very relieved at receiving his permission and hurried
  to the bathroom. Just as I reached the door, Chuck added, " Be sure to shove
  it back in when you finish your business in there." I felt crushed by that
  statement. I had hoped to be rid of that infernal plug, but clearly he wanted
  me to get used to having my most private region invaded by foreign objects.
  I pulled it out, emptied my bowels and then cleaned the fecal matter off of
  the plug before forcing it back inside me. I went to the bedroom and put on
  my nightie, hose and heels. When I dressed, I asked, " What would you like
  for breakfast sir?" He told me 3 eggs over easy, bacon, toast and coffee. I
  went to the kitchen with that damned plug jiggling inside me.  
 Before starting cooking I put on my apron to protect my delicate nightie.
  By the time the bacon was in the microwave oven, Chuck and Pat came out to
  sit at the table. Pat was absolutely glowing from the great sex that made her
  feel young again. As I was frying their eggs she said, " Honey, I'm so happy
  that you found this wonderful man for me. He sure knows how to please a woman." I
  didn't share her feelings as I now deeply regretted letting this man into our
  lives. Trying hard to be pleasant, I said, " Yes dear, I know he pleases you." She
  assured me, " He will please you too dear. He told me that most times he screws
  a sissy, they come. You would like to have an orgasm wouldn't you?" I replied, " Yes
  honey that would be nice, but I'm afraid it will hurt a lot." Chuck piped in
  with, " No Pain, no gain as they say." Pat asked me, " Aren't you excited?
  This will be the start of a whole new life for you. You will be able to orgasm
  again even though you no longer get hard." Chuck flatly told me, " You might
  as well like it, it's going to happen whether you like it or not." I faked
  a smile and said, " Yes sir, I know that."  
 As soon as their meals were ready, I served them to the loving couple. I
  sat down with a cup of coffee and had a piece of toast. It seemed strange that
  I was dressed girly and they were both nude. They chatted happily as they ate
  and when they were done decided to go to the hot tub while I cleaned up the
  kitchen. I knew that Pat loved having me doing the chores she had done for
  many years. I was finding out that those chores were more work than I had ever
  given her credit for. To make things even worse, I was doing them in heels
  with that horrid plug filling my ass.  
 By the time the kitchen was spotless, they came in from outside. Chuck said, " Ok
  my sweet little sissy, it's time to make you my bitch. Drop your panties and
  bend over with your tits on the table and spread your cheeks." I was so nervous
  I was trembling, but did as he ordered. He stepped behind me and pulled the
  plug out of my ass. I was glad to be rid of that thing, but feared what would
  soon replace it. Pat came over and applied some lubricant to my anus, then
  sat down to watch me lose my cherry. Chuck placed his rigid cock at the entrance
  and slowly pushed his way inside of me. I gasped as though I was being split
  open. Chuck told me, " Just relax sissy, it will soon feel good." How could
  I relax? For the first time in my life I was being fucked by a man! As soon
  as I was fully impaled on his rod, he reached around and grabbed my titties.
  Through my bra and nightie he pinched my nipples. He withdrew part way and
  pulled me back to bury it to the hilt. He then pulled me forward and repeated
  that move. He was standing still and making me fuck myself with his cock. As
  strange as this sounds, I got a weak erection. Pat noticed and said, " See,
  I told you that you would like it!" All I could manage was a moan in reply.
  Chuck told me, " Keep humping me bitch and I'll let go of your boobies." I
  managed to say, " Yes sir, I will." He released my nipples and I humped his
  cock like a true slut. After a few minutes of this I shot a puny ejaculation
  that landed on the floor. Pat clapped when she saw that. I was weak and spent
  after that, but Chuck started ramming himself into me for quite awhile until
  he shot his seed deep inside me. He pulled out of me and I collapsed onto the
  table. Chuck told me, " Not bad for a beginner. Now I own you. You are my bitch
  and depend on me for your orgasms." I was still panting when I said, " Yes
  sir, I am your bitch."  
 Pat came over and kissed me. She said," See what I told you? That's the
  first orgasm you"ve had in years." She was right. If I could no longer function
  as a man, I could still have orgasms being used as a woman. It was painful
  and degrading, but I did have an orgasm. Chuck gave me a pat on my rear and
  told me, " I love having sex with Pat and we would be together even without
  you. However you were a bonus and too good to pass up." I replied, " Thank
  you sir, I think that was meant as a compliment." He said, " I really enjoyed
  breaking you down and with Pat's help you turned out to be the sissy bitch
  I wanted you to be." After what I just went through and considering how I was
  dressed there was no doubt that he was right. They had turned me into a gay
  sissy in just over a week. I hated to admit I was now gay, but with his semen
  running down my legs, I knew the truth.  
 Pat and Chuck went and took a shower together and I went to sit on the pot
  and try to wipe away the slime oozing from my bottom. I didn't realize that
  he had shot it so deep that it would leak out for the rest of the day. I finally
  took a wad of toilet tissue, put it between my cheeks and pulled up my thong
  panties to hold it in place. The idea that it was like a Kotex pad was inescapable.
  I went to the kitchen and wiped up the drib of watery stuff that I had ejected
  during my sexual encounter. As I waited for them to emerge, I began to wonder
  if they were having sex again, but decided that they would have called me if
  they were. After awhile they both came out fully dressed. Chuck told me, " We're
  going shopping for some things we need, plan on supper around five bitch." They
  walked out the door and I sat down and wept. I wanted him to hold me in his
  arms and he had treated me like I was a servant.  
 The rest of the afternoon, I busied myself with cleaning the house and planning
  supper. I also showered and changed outfits. I put on my black bra, matching
  thong, and a sexy teddy that was also black. I even put on some red lipstick.
  As long as I depended on Chuck for my orgasms, I might as well look as attractive
  as possible. It was obvious that Pat was smitten with Chuck and that I had
  better go along with the program.  
 Around 4:00pm the happy twosome returned from their shopping trip. Chuck
  told me to make them some drinks, which I quickly did. I tried to be pleasant
  and asked, " Did you find anything to buy dear?" Pat and Chuck both grinned
  and she said, " Oh yes I did. I'll show you after supper honey." By their demeanor
  I assumed that it would be something involving me. When The mashed potatoes
  and creamed peas were almost ready, I went out to put the steaks on the grill.
  Chuck followed me out and stood sipping his drink as I cooked the steaks. He
  fondled my butt and told me, " I'm glad to see that you cleaned up and changed
  clothes for me bitch. The lipstick was a nice touch and I want you to keep
  using that." I said, " Thank you sir, and I will if it pleases you sir." As
  I was turning the steaks he had his hands on my tits when he told me, " I am
  pleased to see how well you have accepted your new role as my bitch." I told
  him, " Thank you sir, but I really did most of it because I love Pat." He replied, " Yes
  my sweet fag, but she now loves me, and before long so will you." I didn't
  think so, but had to admit that his hands felt good on my breasts.  
 We had a pleasant meal as a family, but I was anxious to find out what they
  had bought on their shopping trip. After supper they ordered up another drink
  and went to enjoy it while I cleaned up from the meal. As soon as I finished,
  I went to join them in the family room. Chuck said, " Get yourself a glass
  of wine and join us sissy." I thanked him, poured myself a glass of wine and
  joined them on the couch. Chuck was sitting between Pat and I and he had his
  arms on our shoulders. He said, " This is a nice family we have here and I
  want us all to love each other. You have both made love with me, I want to
  watch as you two screw." I said, " But sir, you know I can't perform well enough
  to make Pat come." He laughed and replied, " Of course I know that, but I am
  sure that Pat can make you come like I did." I was puzzled and asked, " But
  how can she sir? She has no cock." He said, " My silly little bitch, Science
  is wonderful these days." He told Pat," Go get ready dear, I will bring sissy
  into the bedroom in a few minutes." She got up and went to the bedroom.  
 Chuck told me, " I will be moving in here in less than a month. I intend
  to keep running my business, but there will be no doubt who is the man in this
  house." I nodded my agreement, and he continued, " I will be your master and
  Pat will be your mistress. She still loves you but no longer respects you.
  In a few minutes she will fuck you to show that she is superior to you. You
  will be as obedient to her as you are to me. Do you understand bitch?" I asked, " You
  mean I have to obey her too sir?" He nodded and said, " Of course you do. As
  bitch you are here to serve us any way we desire. Besides the household chores,
  you will be always available for sexual service of either of us." I realized
  that he was serious about what he was telling me and that my life had been
  changed permanently.  
 Chuck took my hand led me to the bedroom where my once sweet wife awaited
  me. I was shocked to see Pat standing naked in a dominant stance with her legs
  spread and her hands on her hips. She was wearing a strap-on black dildo! She
  told me, " Take off your teddy and panties bitch, you are about to have your
  second orgasm today." The tone of her voice told me that I'd better obey her
  and I did. When I was clad only in my bra, hose and heels, she declared, " Well
  sweetie, you wanted to be a bitch and now you are one. Bend over and brace
  yourself, I'm going to start evening out the fuck score between us. You screwed
  me many times over the years and now it's time I started returning the favor." She
  had me spread my ass cheeks and applied some lubricant to my opening. She also
  applied some to the dildo and then forced it into me. She was thrusting rapidly
  in and out, holding me by the hips. She rode me hard until I once more dribbled
  a little watery stuff from my orgasm. Pat withdrew her dildo from me and my
  knees went weak. I sank down to the floor feeling very spent. She bent down,
  kissed me on the cheek and said, " You are now my bitch too." She turned to
  Chuck and told him, " You were right, it is a lot of fun fucking that sissy
  ass." He replied, " I knew you would like that. We like many of the same things
  my sweet lady." She gave him a big hug.  
 When I had recovered a bit, I got up and started to put my panties back
  on. Chuck told me, " Don't bother putting those on. From now on you will keep
  your ass fully available to us." I wanted the security those panties offered,
  but dropped them and said, " Yes sir." He went on, " During the day you will
  wear short skirts, blouse, bra, hose and heels. We bought a selection of each
  for you today. You will keep yourself looking pretty for us." I replied, " Yes
  sir, I understand." He continued his statement, " After supper you may get
  into your nightie and be more comfortable. But at all times you will be as
  feminine as possible." Pat added, " You know you are no longer a man honey,
  so you might as well be the best bitch you can be. We will see that you have
  at least one orgasm a day and you, in return will be subservient to us." I
  looked at her as if I were seeing her for the first time and answered, " Yes
  Ma'am, I will do my best to serve you both." Thus it was that I had surrendered
  my manhood and would spend my life as a bitch servant to my wife and her new
  lover.  
 The next three weeks went by much the same. During the week Pat would have
  me do the housework wearing skirts, using me sexually whenever she wanted.
  She was enjoying the role of mistress. Chuck would spend each weekend here
  and I would serve them both. Being their bitch was becoming normal to me and
  I eagerly awaited my orgasms. The resentment I felt over losing my wife's respect
  faded and I accepted my subservient role in the family. Chuck moved his clothes
  and things over bit by bit and my male clothes were given to the Goodwill store.
  He took over my closet and my new things were put in the spare bedroom. I still
  slept with them, but otherwise was their servant.  
 The day that Chuck was moving in arrived and he showed up with two male
  friends to help him move his stuff into our house. I felt embarrassed to have
  them see me dressed like a slut bitch, but smiled and was pleasant to them.
  Chuck introduced me to them saying, " This is my slave, we call her bitch," They
  both said, " Nice to meet you bitch." Chuck told me, " Lift up your skirt bitch
  and show my friends that you used to be a man." I blushed, but lifted my skirt
  exposing my shaved privates to them. They complimented Chuck saying such things
  as, " You are the man Chuck!" and " You changed a man into this?". Chuck modestly
  told them, " He wasn't much of a man to begin with, the old fart was impotent
  when I met him. He was born to be a sissy and just didn't know it." Chuck told
  me, " Get my friends a beer bitch." I hurried to fetch them and presented each
  of them with a curtsey. " Your bitch minds well Chuck.", one of them said.
  Chuck replied, " Yes she serves us well. She has become and expert cocksucker
  and now loves being fucked." One of them asked," You're a real slut are you
  bitch?" I lowered my eyes and admitted, " Yes I am." He grabbed his crotch,
  smiled and asked Chuck, " Can I have bitch suck me off?" Chuck told him, " Sure,
  be my guest."  
 The man told me, " Get over here and do your best cock sucking job." I had
  grown used to serving my master, but was shocked that he wanted me to service
  his friends like a common whore. My reluctance was overcome by my obedience
  training and I knelt in front of this stranger. I unzipped his pants and pulled
  out his cock, happy to see that it was smaller than Chuck's. Determined to
  get this guy off as quickly as possible, I began bobbing my head up and down
  on his cock as I sucked. Pat walked in and witnessed my degrading performance.
  She told Chuck, " When you first told me that Don was a natural born cocksucker,
  I didn't believe you, but look at that sissy go." Though I felt hurt by her
  remark, I knew she was right, I was a cock sucking sissy now. Chuck had steered
  me into a role I was suited for in the impotent stage of my life.  
 THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mwmsissy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





