BDSM Library - Anniversay Present




Anniversay Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A surprising gift to an unfathful wife.She'd known that he had a dark side to him; probably that's what had attracted
  her to him all those years ago. Now it was the evening of their tenth anniversary
  and she sat, alone by her dressing table, where she'd sat all day, staring
  at the items on it.  
They were his anniversary presents to her, neither of which she really wanted,
  but he'd made it clear that he expected her to choose between them before she
  came down and greeted their guests.  
It had all came to a head that morning. It had started out well, with her
  getting up early, and making him breakfast, a breakfast which had ended up
  forgotten.  
When she returned upstairs, her robe open invitingly, her nipples just visible
  around the edge of the material. They caught the early morning light, sending
  sparkling shafts around the room. Each of her nipples had been pierced, many
  years ago, and last anniversary he gave her a pair of jewel studded bars to
  really set her off. There was a matching set, hidden by the tray she carried,
  between her thighs.  
As she entered the room, she couldn't but help but notice, that he'd thrown
  the covers almost completely off, revealing his morning glory, in all its glory.
  She paused for a moment, reliving the many times she'd been carried away by
  the feel of him filling her.  
Grinning, she placed the tray beside the bed, and moving quietly, she crawled
  onto the bed, slowly sliding her body along his still sleeping form. She let
  her breasts, and especially her sensitive nipples, adorned as they were by
  his jewellery, rub sensuously along his thighs. The feel of his hair against
  her, sent shivers through her, straight from her nipples, through her breasts
  and straight to her centre between her thighs.  
She could feel herself moistening, partially at the electric thrill of her
  touching him, partially in anticipation of his member slipping so easily into
  her. Pausing, she knelt over him, staring down into his sleeping face, watching
  him, loving how beautiful and relaxed he looked.  
She let her hand slip between her thighs, not surprised to feel just how
  slick the tops of her thighs had become. She let her fingers trail up and down
  her labia, teasing and playing with the rings that pierced her labia.  
He's mentioned that he loved erotic and exotic piercings many years ago,
  so one year, as a present to him; she screwed up her courage, and had found
  a reputable piercer to have them done. She still remembers that woman's surprise
  when she insisted on having them all done in one sitting. Apparently most people
  started with one, and added more over time. Not her, she knew exactly what
  she wanted. It had driven them crazy that year, all the metal in her flesh,
  but not being able to touch for several weeks.  
When they had healed, she remembered it as one of their best ever weekends;
  they couldn't get enough of each other.  
Returning to the moment, she gently spread herself, enjoying the feel of
  the cool air as it hit her hot sex. The touch of her finger as she just brushed
  against her hard slit made her shake with excitement.  
Taking a gentle but firm grip, she angled him so that his morning erection
  was pointing straight at her hot and ever so eager pussy. Sighing, she lowered
  herself, pausing as she felt the tip of his cock start to push her inner walls
  apart. Savouring every moment, every ridge of his thick head as it speared
  her; she teased herself, drawing out the moment until she was sitting firmly
  on him.  
Christ it felt good to feel that full. It never ceased to amaze her how he
  filled her so completely. How it seemed that his cock was made to fit exactly
  into her pussy. Every time took her, it felt so good.  
By now she was rocking her hips forwards and backwards, grinding her hips
  against his, and slowly, lovingly bringing them towards a crashing climax.  
His eyes opened suddenly, and he shouted at her to get off, reinforcing his
  cry with a massive thrust of his hips, which initially drove him so deep into
  her, almost brought her to an unexpected orgasm, but had the effect of throwing
  her off him.  
Moving quickly he rolled of the bed before she could quite realise what happened,
  and stood over her, looking down with a mixed look of desire and revulsion.  
As she looked up at him, she realised that somehow he knew. That he knew
  all about her dalliance with the boy who mowed the lawn. She opened her mouth
  to explain, then slowly closed it again, realising that she couldn't explain.
  How could she?  
How could she explain that the look of lust she'd seen in the boys eyes had
  excited her, and that when she'd flirted with him, he blushed so cutely! As
  she teased him, it dawned on her that although he so desperately wanted her,
  he didn't know what to do. It was delicious, her a married woman seducing the
  lawn boy. The sex had been hard and heavy, leaving them covered in a sheen
  of hot sex, it had been so addictive.  
And now he knew.  
Wordlessly, he turned from her, and went to his bedside drawer. "I was going
  to give you these later, but now's a good a time as any" he said, throwing
  something onto the dresser. And with that, he turned and walked out of the
  bedroom, pausing to tell her "The next time I see you, I want to see one of
  these items in your hands"  
She lay there, stunned, her emotions running wild, and still with an ache
  between her thighs. She slowly stood, covering herself with the robe, before
  going and taking a look at what he'd left her.  
The first item was a sheaf of papers, a divorce actually, a divorce that
  left her with what she'd brought into the marriage, and precious little else.
  All that was needed was her signature. The other items were more serious, more
  sinister.  
They were four small padlocks, and a bottle of super glue. What the F she
  thought, her mind trying to make sense of them. With a dawning horror, she
  realised what they meant. He wanted her to choose between him and her sex.
  How could she? How could want her to make such a decision?  
Now it was time, the guests would be turning up shortly, and she must be
  ready.  
Her fingers gently smoothed out the divorce papers, before curling around
  the padlocks. Her head held high, she went down stairs to face him.  
He was sitting there, the living room, watching old movies of their wedding,
  their previous anniversaries. He looked up, and she opened her hand to show
  him the padlocks. He nodded, and made a vague hand motion, indicating that
  he wanted her to begin fitting them.  
She tried one last time to get him to change his mind, to make him realise
  that if she went through with her chastity, he'd no longer be able to make
  love to her, that her warm and welcoming pussy, a pussy that he fitted so snugly
  into would forever be withheld from him. He nodded, agreeing with her, but
  then chilled her by telling her that there were other ways in which they could
  make love, and that later that night, after the guests had gone they would.  
She swallowed heavily, realising what he meant. Not that she'd ever done
  it Greek style, after all she wasn't that kind of girl. Well maybe she hadn't
  been, but it was all that her future held for her now.  
He stood, offering her the chair, looking impatiently at her, telling her
  that this was her choice, that there was another option if she didn't want
  to go through with it.  
With silent tears streaming down her face, she sat in the chair, and spread
  her legs wide, letting him see exactly what she was about to do. Her fingers
  fumbled with the existing rings, trying to undo the beads that kept them in
  place. Finally she had removed the last one.  
The hasp of the padlock felt cold, so very cold as she slipped it through
  the first pair of piercings, drawing her labia together. She looked at him
  imploringly, trying to find the words that she was sorry, that she really loved
  him, after all she'd gone this far, wasn't this proof enough for him.  
Her heart sank as he shook his head. All she could think off was the feel
  of him that morning, the way he filled her being when she was so full of him.
  She was amazed to realise that her sex was responding, trying to tell her that
  it wanted, no needed to feel his cock inside her, fulfilling her. It wasn't
  too late, there could be others, it seemed to be trying to tell her.  
She almost relented, was about to change her mind when she felt her fingers
  press a little too hard. There was a terrifyingly loud click, and she realised
  that she'd made her decision. After that first one, the rest were easier to
  fit, to close her for the last time.  
As she sat there, her labia pressed tightly together, she was surprised to
  find that she was more turned on than she'd ever been, than she could ever
  remember. Her mind was racing, chasing thoughts around and around, telling
  herself that she'd felt her last cock, that she'd never feel one again, but
  a tiny part of her relished that knowledge, relished the need that would never
  be satisfied.  
Maybe he did know her best after all. Now that she couldn't have it, it was
  all she wanted. Her entire body seemed on fire, every nerve sang out. Slowly
  it dawned on her that now that her sex was off limits, just how turned on she
  was. Maybe, just maybe taking him in her ass would be enough to sate the burning
  desire she now felt, centred on her locked sex.  
He pulled her to her feet, and gave her a brief hug, before sending swatting
  her on her ass, sending her to get changed. That swat sent shivers through
  her, as the padlocks swayed slightly, pulling on her.  
As she walked up the stairs, she could feel them, pulling, tugging on her
  most intimate flesh. Walking would never be the same, she thought, surprised
  by how her closed labia pressed against her clit.  
Once upstairs, she took a moment to explore her new adornments, and was frustrated
  to find that one of the locks passed right over her clit. Her labia were so
  tightly closed she could barely fit a finger between them, and then to find
  that she couldn't get the right angle to easily bring herself pleasure. It
  wasn't fair! She was so turned on, and unable to do anything about it, at least
  at the moment. Maybe if she had more time, she could work something out, some
  way that she could toy with herself.  
That evening went by in a haze, she barely responded to their guests, her
  mind was focused between her thighs, and the feelings her body was generating.
  Every time she moved, she could feel the locks sway backwards and forwards,
  pulling on her, teasing her. She was so turned on, she was surprised that no
  one reacted to the raw scent of desire she was giving off, or maybe they were
  just too polite.  
There was one moment of extreme embarrassment, when they sat down to dinner.
  She hadn't considered the chair and was mortified when, as she sat, the locks
  bumped against the frame with a loud "clunk!" She could feel her cheeks colouring,
  but a hasty glance around showed that no one paid too much attention to the
  sound.  
Eventually the evening was over, the last guests had gone home, and just
  the pair of them were left. "Ready?" he asked, as he took her by the hands
  and led her upstairs. He was surprisingly gentle, loving even, especially when
  compared how he'd been earlier.  
She couldn't decide was he being exceptionally cruel, or loving when they
  ended up in bed. He started by making the usual moves, the ones that ten years
  of marriage had honed. His touch, his mouth, his fingers visited every part
  of her, arousing and stimulating her. It was so frustrating! She knew that
  she was so very turned on, so desperate to feel him take her, but every time
  he let his fingers explore her now locked pussy, they reminded her afresh that
  he wasn't ever going to slip into her again. The feel of his fingertips as
  they traced the edges of her closed labia was such exquisite torture. She could
  feel them swell even more, pressing harder and harder against each other, and
  against her trapped clit.  
Eventually the time she dreaded arrived, and he rolled her over, exposing
  her ass to the cool night air. She lay there, not knowing quite what to expect
  from this first time. She let out a little gasp, as she felt something cold
  drip between her cheeks. Looking over her shoulder, she watched as he covered
  his erection with baby oil, making it glisten in the moonlight.  
"Just relax" he said, as she felt his weight shift, and then in was time.
  She could feel the tip of him pressing against her virgin ass. She tried to
  relax, but it was difficult to, she was so unused to this. She felt her ass
  relax slightly, as the tip of his head slipped into her, opening her up to
  him. He paused, letting her get used to the full feeling, before pressing again,
  letting a bit more of him slip into her.  
She was pleased that he was taking it slowly this first time, giving her
  time to adjust, to accept the feel of his cock in her ass. It was different,
  very different, not at all like being made love to. She wasn't sure if she
  liked it or not, but it was all that she was going to experience from now on,
  she thought.  
She had been so lost in trying to work out her feelings; she was surprised
  to feel his thighs against hers, his hot breath on the nape of her neck. He
  rotated his hips, making his cock move deep in her. She could tell from his
  breathing that he loved this, that he was so very turned on. She could feel
  the weight of his balls as they pressed against her closed labia, stimulating
  them again.  
As he started to slowly thrust, each one slightly harder than the one before,
  she realised that his weight was pressing her against the locks. She shuddered,
  when on one deep thrust he pressed hard enough against her, so that the hasp
  of the lock over her clit pressed against it, rubbing her hard, sensitive clit
  with the now warm metal.  
When he slowed, took it gently, there wasn't quite enough pressure. It dawned
  on her that if she wanted to cum, he'd have to take her hard and fast, that
  slow, loving sex wouldn't be enough.  
She cried out, asking, begging, demanding that he take her ass hard and fast,
  that she needed him to take her as hard as he could. As he thrust harder, deeper,
  she could feel the clasp hitting her clit, arousing her, bringing her nearer
  and nearer to an unexpected orgasm.  
With a roar, he buried his cock as deep into her ass as he could get it.
  She could feel his cock pulsing as it pumped his cum into her ass. This last
  thrust was just enough to send her over the edge of her own orgasm, and she
  felt herself shudder at the force of it. As his hot cum filled her ass, her
  ass was tightening and relaxing, trying to milk all of his cum out of him.
  She could feel her pussy contracting, trying to grip the cock that wasn't there.
  She could feel her juices dripping from the join of her labia, dampening the
  sheets.  
After, as he held her tightly in her arms, she realised that this time she
  was lucky to orgasm, that if he'd had her on her knees, or worse, on her back,
  then she wouldn't get the right stimulation. She'd get enough to turn her on,
  but not enough to make it. She realised that she'd be pretty horny from now
  on, the locks a constant reminder of both her anniversary and her indiscretion,
  but at least she "could" cum, if only infrequently.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





