BDSM Library - Susan's Return




Susan's Return
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ross lost his girlfriend over a playful bondage incident that went too far.  What would he think if the tables were turned?
Susan's Return

(c) 2005 SwitchMan

Chapter 1 - Lost and Found

	It had happened nearly a year ago, but Ross remembered it like it was
yesterday.  Ross had just completed his junior year at State when Susan decided
to end their five years together.  In hindsight, it all seemed rather petty. 
They had been out to a fraternity party.  He had probably had a few too many,
and she started tickling him.  Instinctively, he grabbed her wrists and flipped
her underneath him.  With an extra 50 pounds and 10 inches to his advantage, it
was almost too easy.  Even though she begged him to stop, he thought she was
just playing, and it wasn't until he used his necktie to tie her wrists behind
her back that he knew he had gone too far.

	Susan cried.  He apologized.  But the damage was done.  Within a week
Susan told him that it wouldn't work out, and she hadn't talked to him since. 
He called her periodically for months, but his messages went unanswered.  He had
seen her around campus, but every time he would go over to talk to her, her new
girl friends would intervene and ask him to leave before he even got close to
her.  He wasn't certain, but he thought Susan might have joined a sorority.  Her
friends stuck together like glue.

	That's why the Thursday evening phone call was such a surprise.  It was
Susan.  She was a little apprehensive, but she started the conversation with
"Ross, I miss you."  He reciprocated.  She explained that she had often hoped to
ask him out for coffee, but every time she tried, she lost her nerve.  She was
embarrassed at how abruptly she had broken off their relationship.

	 "I'd be honored to have coffee with you any time you'd like."  Ross
offered.   Susan explained that she was in the middle of finals, and couldn't
spare the time, but that there was a party she was required to attend for her
sorority.

	 "Would you mind accompanying me?"  She asked.  "I know it's a bit much
all at once, but there will be coffee there, and I'd love to talk."

	 "I'd love to." Ross blurted out even before she had finished her
sentence.  It was funny how studying for his Advanced Physiology final suddenly
seemed insignificant.

	Susan offered an escape, asking  "Are you sure?  It's in Northbrook.  I
know how you hate to wear a tie."  But there was no way this opportunity was
going to slip away from Ross, and he agreed to dress appropriately.

	Northbrook was an affluent community north of campus.  "There's no money
like old money" Ross thought.  Susan must have fallen in with some wealthy
sorority sisters to attend parties in Northbrook.  He agreed to pick up Susan at
6:00 pm Friday evening and return her home by midnight.  When he hung up the
phone, he hung his head in disbelief - almost as though he was thanking God for
divine intervention.




Chapter 2 - The Bait

	Ross didn't sleep much Thursday night.  What little rest he managed to
get was intermittent.  The anticipation of Friday night's date kept him up most
of the night, and the one time he did settle into a deep sleep, his roommate
Scott stumbled into his room by mistake after a serious mid-week party.  Despite
his lack of sleep, Ross woke up Friday feeling more alive than ever.  The
schedule was tight, but it would be worth it.  His plan was to gas up the car,
wash his clothes for his date with Susan and study for Monday's Advanced
Physiology final until he had to get ready for their date.

	Ross quickly showered and dressed.  On his way out of the house, he
glanced into his roommate's bedroom.  Scott, still dressed in his shorts and
Hawaiian shirt, was lying face-down in his bed.

	 "He must have had fun last night." Thought Ross as he headed out to his
car.

	Ross opened the garage door to a wall of heat.  It was 11:00 am, and the
temperature was pushing 90 degrees and quickly climbing.  Ross was smart to wear
cut-offs and a T-shirt.  He threw his laundry in the back of his 1984 Volkswagen
Diesel, and he was off to the gas station.

	The closest gas station to campus that sold diesel fuel was in a nearly
abandoned industrial section on the far east side.  Not surprisingly, he was the
only customer that morning.  As he watched the meter tick away his money, a
bright yellow Chevy truck pulled into the station parking lot.  He couldn't help
but notice the beautiful blond as she stepped down from the cab.  Her entrance
was particularly noticeable because of the anticipation caused by the fully
tinted windows.  In addition to her striking appearance and theatrical entrance,
she parked on the far side of the convenience store and walked the entire length
of the empty parking lot to get inside.  At this desolate station, he would have
parked as close as possible to the door if he looked like her.  Before going
inside to pay, he made it a point to park beside her truck in hopes of getting a
closer look.

	As luck would have it, he didn't need to move his car to get a better
view.  He ended up directly behind her in line.  He couldn't quite place it, but
she looked strangely familiar.  For a moment, he wondered if she was some kind
of celebrity.  She paid for her coffee and turned back to the self-service
counter to add some cream.  Ross paid for his gas and an iced cappuccino, and
they ended up meeting at the front door.  Ross, being the gentleman, opened the
door for her, and they silently walked to their cars together.  Of course, he
wasn't so gentlemanly that he didn't sneak a peek at her ample, glistening bosom
stretching the seams of her silk blouse as she passed in front of him.

	At his car, Ross inserted his ignition key and looked through his
passenger window at the woman and her truck.  "Another day, and I'd have asked
her out." he thought.  He turned his attention forward, and a flash of light
caught his eye from the right.  As the woman had opened her door, a reflection
from a pair of handcuffs attached to her rear view mirror reflected the sun in
his direction.  Ross' Dad used to have a pair in his truck to show support for
his fellow police officers.  Ross even had a pair for a while in high school. 
Hoping to get a clue as to where he knew her from, Ross rolled down his
passenger side window and said "I couldn't help noticing your mirror decoration. 
Are you in law enforcement?"

	"Not directly, their my Dad's old cuffs.  He used to work for the city,
but now he runs a private security company.  The lock on lower cuff is broken,
so I just keep them around to remind me of him and to start conversations like
this."

	"Look, I know this sounds like a line, but I could swear I've seen you
somewhere before.  I'm kind of on the clock, but If you don't mind taking a few
minutes, maybe we could talk while we finish our drinks, and I could figure out
where I know you from."

	"Why not.  Come on over.  We can sit in my truck since it's air
conditioned."

	As he walked over to her passenger side door, he felt a bit put off that
she had just automatically presumed that his car wasn't air conditioned.  He
would have protested, but of course, it wasn't.

	He climbed up into the passenger seat, and the polar breeze from the
dashboard hit his face, instantly drying the sweat that had started to form on
his brow.  Of course, a part of him wished they were sitting in his car.  It
would be hot, but the heat would keep her glistening.

	"My name's Jennie, by the way." She started.  "Do you really think we've
met before, or was that just a ploy to meet me... or maybe it was a ploy to see
my handcuffs?"

	"Yes, I really think we've met before.  Besides, I don't need a ploy to
see handcuffs.  My Dad's a cop.  That's why I noticed them hanging from your
mirror."  Ross replied.  "Actually, I used to have a pair hanging from my
mirror, but they attracted way too much attention."

	Jennie nodded in agreement.  "That's one reason for the tinted windows."

	"I'll bet you get hit on all the time because of these... and of course,
your other assets."  Ross said glancing downward.

	"Yeah, but all of the guys who hit on me because of the cuffs want me to
wear them."  Jennie said smiling back.  "Of course, they're always disappointed
when I tell them the lock on the lower cuff is broken."

	"Well, I must admit, you would look great in them, but you'd look great
in just about anything."  Ross said.

	"Gee, now that you put it that way, I'd be tempted to model them if they
worked." Jennie said blushing.

	"What's wrong with them?  Are they permanently locked?" Ross asked.

	"No, actually they are permanently unlocked.  Watch."  Jennie said, and
she swung the hinged lower arm through the locking mechanism until it swung
through and hung loose, again.  The ratcheting sound was just like in the
movies.

	"That doesn't prove anything.  They're supposed to work like that.  The
locking mechanism is designed to prevent the arm from loosening, not tightening. 
Loosening would be in the other direction."

	"Well, trust me.  It's broken."  Jennie replied shortly, and with that,
she took his left hand in hers and held his wrist up to the dangling cuff.

	Looking up from the handcuffs, their eyes met.

	"Oh, I trust you."   Ross said slowly.  "I can't say why, but I trust
you."

	Before he could say or do anything else, Jennie had swung the free arm
of the cuff around his wrist, and the telltale ratchet sound announced that the
cuffs were indeed in perfect working order.




Chapter 3 - The Trap

	"It's amazing how many boys get into this truck expecting to see me in
those cuffs and end up wearing them themselves." Jennie said smiling.  "In fact
on a couple of occasions, I've had my dates in some very difficult
predicaments."

	"It's not really that amazing."  Ross responded.  "It's quite likely
that it's your eyes that draw them in more than the cuffs."

	Even though she had tricked him, he tried to shrug it off.  They talked
about his class schedule.  They talked about her job as a legal assistant.  He
was certain that he'd seen her somewhere before, but she insisted that she
didn't attend State.  They briefly compared their life histories when Ross
decided that it was fruitless.  It must have been deja vu or something.

	Looking at his watch dangling under her mirror, he reluctantly announced
that he had to go study.  He fleetingly thought of Susan, but still asked Jennie
if she'd be interested in going out some time.

	"That would be nice.  I'd like to get to know you better."  She said. 
"How about tonight?"

	"Tonight doesn't work for me... studying and all... how about Saturday?" 
Ross offered.

	"Saturday it is."

	After an awkward pause, Jennie apparently remembered that Ross couldn't
leave, and she laughed.

	"Oh, I'm sorry.  The key is under the passenger seat." She said
apologetically.

	Ross set his cappuccino bottle between his legs, and reached down with
his free hand.  After a few seconds of fumbling and looking, he said "Are you
sure it's down here?  I can't see it."

	"Of course I'm sure it's down there."  She said as she slid over to help
in the search.  "Allow me."  she said, rubbing up next to him.

	As he continued to look, Jennie offered that it had probably slid under
the floor mat, and leaned over him bringing her left hand around to lift up the
mat.  He didn't know whether he did it was because she smelled so nice, or
whether it was his straining reach coupled with the pressure of Jennie's body
leaning on the bottle between his legs, but he decided to help her look for the
key.  As he glanced toward Jennie noticing her ample sweating cleavage, he found
his previously free right wrist had been handcuffed to the lower frame of the
truck's passenger seat.

	Jennie sat up and smiled a devilish smile.  "Remember how I told you
that I've had some of my dates in rather interesting predicaments..."

	Ross feeling more than a bit foolish smiled nervously and said "You got
me again, but this time it wasn't your eyes."

	"My eyes only make the introduction.  Other attributes close the deal."
Jennie said almost to suggest that Ross' situation was a foregone conclusion.

	"Other attributes, huh?  Like your hands locking a hidden cuff around my
only free wrist, maybe?"

	Without responding, Jennie tapped her foot on the brake, held down the
clutch and shifted into reverse.

	"Wait a second, I've got to study!  My final is on Monday!"  Ross said
with a touch of panic in his voice.

	"You'll have plenty of time to study this afternoon."  Jennie said
reassuringly.  "Would you like me to get your books?"

	"No.  I want you to let me go."

	"Oh, I'm going to let you go... in fact you're going right now... back
to my place."

	Ross didn't know whether he was the luckiest guy he knew or whether he
was in real trouble.  He began to silently assess the situation, and he realized
that if he was in trouble, he was in it deep.

	Here he was in a truck with heavily tinted glass.  No one could readily
see that he was handcuffed to the mirror.  At the gas station, the clerk saw him
leave with a beautiful woman, so he surely wouldn't think there was any trouble
brewing.  In fact, the guy was probably envious.  His roommate was passed out,
and his car was parked inconspicuously at the far end of a virtually abandoned
filling station.

	It wouldn't be until that Saturday evening that anybody would even think
to report that he was missing.  Everyone would probably figure that he was at
the library studying for Monday's final.  To top it all off, Susan would likely
think that he intentionally stood her up.  She probably wouldn't tell anybody,
let alone the authorities.

	Somehow he had to convince her to let him go by this evening.  He had to
keep his date with Susan.

	"Really, I'd be happy to swing past your dorm room to get your books."
Jennie said interrupting his thoughts.

	"Look, I'm flattered.  Honest.  But you really have to let me go."  Ross
said trying to sound reasonable.

	"No, I really don't."  Jennie replied confidently.

	Ross fruitlessly attempted to pull the mirror off.

	"Ram tough - inside and out.  Now, do you want your books, or not?"

	Ross resigned that his only chance of escape was if he could be spotted
or heard by someone.  So, he gave her directions to the house he rented with
Scott.  He figured that if they were close enough to the house when she got out
of the truck, he could yell to Scott or one of his neighbors.

	When they were a couple of blocks away from Ross' house, Jennie pulled
up along the curb and parked.

	"It's just up ahead one block to Forrest.  Take a right and it's the
sixth house on the left."  Ross offered.

	"I know.  You already told me where your place is, but I have to be
prepared.  I'm stopping here to make certain that you won't cause me any
trouble." Jennie responded.

	"Yeah, like I pose any kind of a threat... one hand cuffed to your
ceiling and the other to your floor." Ross said sarcastically.

	"Actually, you do.  This is your neighborhood, not mine.  As soon as I
leave the car, you could start kicking the floorboard hard enough for someone
walking by to hear." She explained.

	"Let me guess, you're going to leave me here, in a hot truck while you
walk the two blocks to my house and back.  In this heat, I could sweat to death
before you return." Ross said.

	She looked outside and thought for a moment.  After a long pause, she
resigned "You're right.  I've carried the joke on too long.  I'm sorry.  I don't
know what I was thinking."

	"Look, no hard feelings." Ross said in relief.  "Just drop me at my
house, and I'll have Scott drive me back for my car later."

	Jennie slid over and took his face gently in her hands.  Looking deep
into his eyes, she said "I know I don't deserve it, but I hope we're still on
for Saturday night."

	"After all I've been through, you can be sure that we're still on for
Saturday.  I didn't go through all of this for nothing."  Ross said, gesturing
with his hands.

	Jennie leaned over and gave him the sweetest kiss with her full pert
lips.  Without realizing how incredibly ironic his comment would prove to be, he
said "With any luck, you can lure me into these cuffs again when we can both
enjoy them."




Chapter 4 - About Those Books...

	With the air conditioning blowing her hair lightly toward his face,
Jennie leaned over Ross's lap and used both hands to get the key to the cuffs. 
He could feel her rummaging around down there, and then he felt her soft hands
push his socks down and caress his ankles.

	"You have great muscle tone."she admired as she angled her head back to
catch Ross's eye.

	"Muscle tone is actually what I should be studying right now."  He joked
as he motioned his head to get Jennie back to work.

	Although his view was blocked by Jennie's body leaning across his lap,
it felt as though she was using more than just her hands to caress his ankles. 
By the time he realized that she had encircled his ankles with broad leather
cuffs, it was too late.  The cuffs she used were permanently riveted together,
and she clipped each ankle cuff tightly to the frame of the seat, preventing any
movement of his feet.  Even though they were only clipped with the kind of
simple spring-loaded mechanism used on a dog leash, he was helpless to
disconnect them.  His fingers could stretch to within an inch of the clips, but
no closer.  Ross was infuriated.

	"This shit has to stop!  I've got a final to study for!" he exploded.

	"Oh, right... the books..." Jennie said nodding her head feigning a
memory lapse.

	"Screw the books!  Let me go, now."

	Jennie quickly grabbed his chin with her left hand and twisted his head
hard until their eyes met.  After a brief stare-down, she quietly growled "Now
look here.  If you haven't figured this out yet, I'll let you go when I'm damned
good and ready.  You're in no position to demand anything.  The nicer you are,
the nicer I'll be, but no matter what I'll have my way."

	With that, she turned to the rear of the cab to retrieve a small black
leather satchel.  Reaching inside, she said "Now we can do this the easy way or
the hard way.  What'll it be?"  Ross thought for a moment and figured he still
had a chance.  The sooner she opened the door to get his books, the sooner he
could yell for help.

	"Look, you're right.  I'm obviously in no position to demand anything,
but I'd really appreciate it if you'd do me two favors.  First, go get my books,
and second leave the engine running so I can have the air conditioning on."

	Jennie smiled.  "It's a deal, but you have to do me two favors in
return."

	Ross laughed.  "I'm not really in a position to do much of anything, but
if I can do them, I will."

	Jennie removed a leather blindfold from the black bag and said "First,
let me put this on you, and second give me the most focused kiss of your life
before I leave to get your books."

	Ross knew he didn't have a chance of avoiding the blindfold, and he
certainly wouldn't have minded kissing her.  He also figured that he'd have his
chance to scream once she opened the driver-side door to leave the truck.  Even
with the blindfold on, he would be able to tell when she left the truck by the
alarm indicating that the driver door was ajar.  So, he resigned himself to
having to close his eyes and passionately kiss this beautiful woman, whom he had
met only thirty short minutes ago, just before screaming as loudly as he could
for help.

	When Jennie slipped the blindfold over Ross' eyes, he was surprised at
how completely effective it was.  The leather formed a kind of seal with the
perspiration soaked skin around his eyes.  Without the use of his hands, there
was no removing it.  Softly, he could feel what he thought was Jennie's finger
tracing the outline of his lips.  She slowly ran her finger around his lips
until they were nearly dry.  The anticipation was maddening.  He was about to
moisten his lips with his tongue when she touched it gently with her finger and
softly whispered "No, let me."

	Her finger returned to his lips.  This time her finger was moistened. 
Again, he held his lips slightly apart as she traced their outline.  He started
wondering why he had ever refused to play these types of games with Susan when
she had asked.  His focus returned to Jennie when she moaned "kiss me."

	As he brought his lips together, he felt Jennie brace his head firmly
with both hands.  Her fingers tightly squeezed his puckered lips together, and
when he tried to protest, she only squeezed harder.  When she finally released
her grip, Ross' lips were tightly sealed by the quick drying epoxy that he had
unknowingly let Jennie so liberally apply.  Even as Ross flailed violently
against his now complete submission, Jennie laughed almost uncontrollably as she
wound half a roll of duct tape around the lower half of his face.  Not only did
the tape further seal his lips, but it also effectively muffled any screams he
had planned to release.  Still laughing, Jennie said "Now about those books..."

	With that, the truck was on the move again - still headed for Ross and
Scott's house.




Chapter 5 - The Next Victim

	Scott was understandably surprised to see the beautiful blonde Jennie
standing over him when he awoke.  Even though his vision was still blurry from
the previous evening's activities, her feminine attributes caught his eyes and
sent a tingle down below. Scott barely noticed the look of pity that graced her
face.  From his vantage point on the floor, Scott could almost see Jennie's
unrestrained breasts under her tight silk blouse.  When he instinctively tried
to get a better perspective, though, he was surprised again.  He was unable to
use his arms, which were pinned together in parallel fashion across the middle
of his back.  Each wrist had been bound to the opposing forearm just below the
elbow.  While he couldn't be certain, the empty cardboard spool suggested tape,
probably duct tape based on its strength.

	With his lower legs similarly bound parallel to each other, each ankle
being bound just below the opposing knee, Scott found himself feeling extremely
exposed and completely powerless to change the situation.  The best he could
manage was a pathetic wiggle, moving his shoulders and legs from side to side in
unison.

	Whether out of disbelief or panic, Scott reflexively tensed his muscles
and ardently tried to free himself.  Like a fish, he flopped back and forth on
the floor, pulling at his mummified limbs.  Even though he only struggled for a
few seconds, Scott had ample time to think and wonder.  "What happened last
night?  How did I get home?  Who is this woman?  Is she the reason I can't move,
or is it just a lucky coincidence that she is here when I need help?  And where
the hell is Ross when you need him?"

	After unsuccessfully testing Jennie's handiwork, he gave up and decided
that his best chance at escape was to set aside any masculine pride and ask the
attractive blonde for help.  After all, he figured she had two free hands and he
had none, but when a muffled little gurgle replaced his plea for help, Scott was
once again surprised.

	Bound and gagged, Scott was laid out helpless on his bedroom floor. 
Wearing only his loose fitting underwear, his private parts strained to catch
the light of the morning.  "That Bastard."  He thought.  "So he's finally
getting me back for the initiation."  It wouldn't have been a bad idea, really. 
For what Scott put Ross through, he probably deserved to be tied up and teased
by a beautiful blonde who would most likely remain just out of reach.

	Then he saw it, and if his jaw hadn't been restrained it would have
dropped off its hinges.  Across the room, the full-length mirror on the inside
of the bathroom door revealed the frightening truth about Scott's predicament. 
The reflection sent shivers throughout his body.  The mirror told more of a
story than Scott's eyes could have otherwise seen from the floor.

	As he had suspected, Scott's lower legs and arms had been completely
wrapped in heavy-duty duct tape.  What he was only now realizing was that the
entire lower half of his face was wound with the same tape.  There would be
absolutely no way for him to effectively call for help or communicate, and he
now realized that the fuzzy feeling in his mouth wasn't just the result of binge
drinking the night before.  His mouth contained an oversized sponge that would
swallow the majority of sound before it could ever reach his lips.  In addition
to keeping the sponge in place, the duct tape around his face absorbed still
more sound, effectively rendering him silent.

	In addition to confirming what he already knew, the reflection disclosed
additional information that Scott wasn't yet ready to accept.  Around his neck
he wore a broad black leather collar.  The collar appeared to be a single thick
strip with slots at one end and a small metal plate at the other.  After firmly
encircling his neck, a D-ring welded to the plate had been passed through one of
the slots, fastening the collar in place.  The padlock dangling from the D-ring
made sure the collar couldn't be removed without his captor's consent.

	The prospect of being the helpless property of some abductress, however
beautiful, was enough to strike sheer terror into Scott's heart.  His long
forgotten claustrophobia was rearing its ugly head, and Scott was panic-stricken
at the prospect of being helplessly trapped.  His worst fears, though, were far
exceeded when he saw the device in Jennie's hand.

	She had politely tried to hide it behind her back.  She didn't want to
unnecessarily frighten her prey, but Scott's wide eyes fixed on the bathroom
mirror made her realize that her attempt to conceal it had backfired.  Stepping
toward him, she knelt beside Scott.  She lifted his head using an O-ring
attached to the front of his collar, and brought the device into plain sight a
few inches from Scott's face.  It was a small plastic device, about the size of
an electric razor.  Instead of having a shaving screen, however, it had two
small metal contacts protruding from the front.

	"You think you know what this is, don't you?"  Jennie asked sweetly.

	Trembling, Scott nodded his head.  It was a stun gun designed to deliver
a jolt of electricity so powerful that it could instantly incapacitate a man for
up to five minutes.

	"I was hoping I wouldn't have to use it..." Jennie explained as Scott
silently tried to assure her that she was right.

	"... but now that you've woken up, I don't know what I should do."  She
continued.

	"They said if I had any doubts at all that I should use it.  They
insisted that it didn't really hurt and that no permanent damage would be done."

	Scott was so shaken that tears welled up in his trembling eyes.

	"It's pretty clear to me that you're in no position to resist,
though..." Jennie justified.  "... and you're so cute there in your boxers that
I'd hate to do anything uncomfortable."

	A sigh of relief escaped through Scott's nose as Jennie let his head
drop gently to the floor.

	"Of course, you'd be easier to transport if you didn't squirm around." 
Jennie concluded.

	Scott's eyes grew wide with realization just before Jennie softly
pressed the device against his chest.

	Once Jennie had Scott safely tied down in the bed of her pickup, she
found Ross' books and brought her reluctant cargo with her to her Northbrook
Estate.




Chapter 6 - The Waiting Room

	It had been five hours since Ross had first set foot in Jennie's truck,
but he had no way of knowing that.  The last thing he remembered was Jennie
saying "We're here.  Now, how am I going to get you inside?"  Of course, having
been blindfolded, he never saw Jennie place the chloroform filled cloth over his
nose.  Coming to, he didn't know if he had been out for minutes or hours, but he
could tell he was no longer in the truck.

	Looking around, Ross found himself seated in a spectacular wood paneled
game room.  The vaulted ceiling of sculpted plaster was easily 30 feet high, and
stained glass skylights gave the room a rich colorful glow.  The room's
centerpiece was a regulation size billiard table.  Cues, racks and other
accessories were found along the perimeter in fine oak cases.  At the near end
of the room were various classic arcade games, a ping pong table and an air
hockey table, all in mint condition.  Paddles, balls, and air hockey accessories
were contained in a fine oak case along the wall opposite the pool cues.  The
contents of an adjacent case were concealed by a pair of elaborately carved
doors which opened from the center.

	The far end was the more interesting portion of the room.  In front of a
large bay window, there was a theatrical stage of some sort.  Beautiful velvet
curtains obscured most of Ross' view, but being slightly opened, Ross could see
a little of the onstage area.  Although he couldn't completely see them due to
the direct sunlight shining through the window, Ross could make out the
silhouettes of some kind of odd shaped furniture.  Judging by his present
predicament, he imagined that they were instruments of restraint, like cages or
racks, but he couldn't honestly say for certain.

	Turning his head left and right to get a better sense of his
surroundings, Ross' view was obscured by the sides of the large leather chair in
which he was seated.  He was only now realizing that it was a rather comfortable
chair, at that.  Thick leather straps that matched the burgundy upholstery
encircled his neck, chest and abdomen.  The restraints kept him seated firmly,
but comfortably.  Looking downward, as much as his situation would allow, Ross
surmised that his knees and ankles were similarly restrained.

	His arms were surprisingly free, but for the leather cuffs around his
wrists.  Ross was startled to find that he could actually move his arms and had
a wide range of motion.  Each wrist cuff, while not attached directly to the
chair, was connected to a steel cable that passed into the respective arm of the
chair through a hole that was aligned with the wrist in its natural resting
position.  The steel cables appeared to be attached to a spring-loaded coil
within the chair, providing a slight pull toward the chair's arms.  Even with
the tension, Ross could move his arms about freely.

	On a table adjacent to the chair, Ross found his books.  Jennie was
apparently a girl of her word, this time.  Just as she had said, she had driven
him to her house, and provided him with his books.  Next to the books was a
remote control with red and green buttons.  After a brief examination, Ross
realized that this was no ordinary remote control.  The buttons didn't match up
with the typical entertainment center.  All of the green buttons had cryptic
symbols on them.  The four red buttons, labeled "Call", "Talk", "Open" and
"Close", seemed like the buttons for him.  Starting left to right, Ross pressed
the "Call" button and heard a distant buzzer.  A moment later, Jennie's voice
whispered through speakers embedded in Ross' headrest.

	"I'm at the far end of the house, but I'll be there in a moment." 
Jennie reassured.

	With nothing to do but wait, Ross' curiosity prodded him to press the
next button.  Since his lips were still fused together, the "Talk" button seemed
a bit futile.  Nonetheless, he held it down for a second to see what might
happen.  Jennie's voice again graced his ears.

	"I'd love to talk with you, but I think you're at a bit of a
disadvantage."

	Ross heard the beginnings of Jennie's giggle as she let go of her "Talk"
button.

	Even though no one was there, Ross shrugged.  "On to the next button." 
He thought.

	"Open" apparently referred to the curtains concealing the stage.  Once
he pressed the button, an electric motor caused the curtains to be opened,
revealing two pieces of furniture on the stage.  The piece on the right appeared
to be an upholstered sawhorse.  It was made of dark oak and black leather.  The
steel rings on various places made it pretty clear that it was meant to restrain
someone. The second piece was in the center of the stage.  It was tall, and it
hung from the ceiling by a thick metal chain.  It looked like an oversized,
elongated birdcage, but he really couldn't make it out because of a velvet drape
that covered it.  He knew that he might reluctantly experience either or both
pieces later, but at that moment he was just thankful to be in the comfortable
leather chair.

	Just then, he felt fingers running through his hair from behind the
chair.  He reflectively reached back to grab the hand, but his wrist restraints
reminded him that he had little or no control.  His arm came to an abrupt stop
when the steel cable reached its limit.  Jennie laughed, and stepped around to
the front of the chair.

	She was apparently naked but for a luxurious towel that she had wrapped
around herself.  One hand held the towel while the other held a tall glass of
lemonade over ice.  She set the glass on the table next to his books and said. 
"I trust I retrieved the correct set of books?"

	Ross shook his head and motioned to the glass.

	"Oh, that."  Jennie started.  "I thought the commotion of the last few
hours might have made you thirsty."

	Ross responded with what sounded like a hum.

	"Yes, I know.  It will be hard to drink in your condition, but I can fix
that."

	Another hum seeped from below the duct tape still covering Ross' face.

	"Look.  Here's the deal.  I'm supposed to keep you gagged until all of
the guests arrive, but I just feel so sorry for you."  Jennie paused.

	"The way you're taped up right now is pretty light weight, but also very
effective.  To get the same effectiveness from a conventional gag, it might not
be as comfortable."  She explained.

	"I suppose I could remove the tape and unglue your lips so that you can
drink the lemonade, but when you're finished, I'll have to gag you with a more
cumbersome device.  Is that what you want?"  She asked.

	Ross thought about it, and shook his head.  He figured it couldn't be
any worse than having his lips glued together.

	Jennie turned and walked toward the oak case with the elaborately carved
doors.  Upon opening the doors, Ross could see the contents, and they sent
shivers down his spine.  Leather and wooden paddles, crops, gags of all sorts,
various restraints, probes and locks filled the cabinet.  Jennie reached for a
box and a bottle on the topmost shelf and brought them to the table next to the
chair.  With an item in each hand, Jennie relied on a tucked portion of the
towel to cover her, but it failed.  Just as she arrived back in front of Ross,
the towel slithered to the ground, and Ross' eyes grew wide over the duct tape.

	Startled, Jennie quickly set the items on the table and pulled up the
towel.

	"Damn!  You weren't supposed to see that.  Just pretend that never
happened."  She said exasperated.

	But Ross couldn't pretend.  To his surprise the towel didn't reveal
Jennie's nude form, but an enticing black corset and push-up bra.  Suddenly,
Ross' comfortable leather chair wasn't quite as comfortable, and he squirmed in
his seat to distract himself from the sudden tingle that he could do nothing
about.

	Rather than comment further, Jennie went straight to the work of
extricating Ross' jaw.  She removed a pair of safety scissors from the box and
carefully cut the duct tape away.  It took her some time to work it free from
his hair, but she was careful and gentle, and Ross hardly felt a thing.  Next,
she withdrew several cotton-tipped swabs from the box and dipped them into the
bottle labeled "Nail Polish Remover."

	"Now, this may not be pleasant."  Jennie explained.  "The adhesive that
I used on your lips is an epoxy that can be dissolved using ordinary nail polish
remover.  Be careful not to get any in your mouth."  She advised.

	As Jennie applied the nail polish remover, the smell was overwhelming,
but his lips slowly parted.  Eventually, Jennie had completely removed the
epoxy.

	Ross' first words were "The nail polish remover is all over my lips."

	"Here, let me."  Jennie offered as she used the upper portion of her
towel to gingerly wipe the residue from his lips.

	"Thank you."  Ross said at last, and he took a long sip of the lemonade.

	After setting the glass back on the table, he swiftly grabbed Jennie by
her wrist and squeezed tightly.

	"What exactly is going on, here?"  He asked forcefully.  "I insist you
tell me why I'm here."

	Jennie barely resisted.

	"Remember when we were in my truck this morning?"  Jennie asked calmly
and rhetorically.  She slowly continued.  "I said it then, and I'll say it now. 
You're in no position to demand anything.  The nicer you are, the nicer I'll be,
but no matter what I'll have my way."

	Ross thought about it for a second.  This was as free as he was probably
going to get, so he decided to exert what limited control he had.

	"Look.  I'm not letting you go until I get some answers."  He said
grabbing her other hand wrist and squeezing both wrists even tighter.

	"Well, now that's not very nice."  She whined softly.  "And since you're
not being very nice, I won't either."  She said with tears welling up under her
deep blue eyes.

	With that, her expression turned from distress to defiance.  She glared
straight into Ross' eyes and swiftly jerked her wrists, but instead of breaking
free, her towel once again fell to the floor.

	She stopped, and looked down at the towel.  Ross couldn't help but
admire her beauty.

	"That does it."  She said impassively.  Then she commanded in an
authoritative tone "Punishment!"

	A voice recognition unit embedded within the chair converted her command
into a strong electric shock administered through each of the restraints.  The
pain caused Ross to release his grip on Jennie, but she didn't back away.  She
didn't need to.

	"I'm sorry."  Ross offered in a raspy voice, still recovering from the
shock.

	"Sorry doesn't cut it."  Jennie responded.  "What's with you?  I give
you your books... a comfortable chair... freedom of movement to study...  I even
let you drink from my lemonade, and in return I get this dramatic display of
testosterone?"

	"Really, I'm sorry..." Ross offered.

	"Nope.  Not good enough."  Jennie said flatly.  "Look, I don't need to,
but I'll tell you why you're here."  Jennie paused.  "It's because of exactly
that type of controlling behavior."

	After another pause, she shook her head and said "I think we're through,
for now."

	"So, we don't get to talk?"  Ross pleaded.  "You're just going to put a
gag on me and leave?"

	"No, we aren't going to talk."  Jennie replied.  "I have nothing to say. 
As far as the gag..."

	Jennie again resumed the authoritarian tone recognized by the chair, and
she commanded "Silence the slave!"

	Resuming her normal tone, Jennie explained "The chair renders a gag
unnecessary."

	"How?"  Ross questioned, but the chair answered for Jennie.

	A sensor in the neck restraint was designed to pick up the sound waves
generated by the captive's voice, and energized an electrode at the base of
Ross' neck.  After shaking off the pain, Ross realized that any sound he made
would be followed by a painful shock.  Jennie was right.  He would stay silent.

	A knowing smile crossed Jennie's face as she stared at Ross.

	"There were a couple of ways that we could have had some fun here this
afternoon.  Although this way is only fun for me, it will have to do."

	With that, she reached down to pick up her towel, hung it over her arm
and started toward a door near the side of the stage.  Stopping mid-step, she
turned around and looked at Ross.

	"Let's have just a little more fun, shall we?"  She teased.

	Ross swallowed, but stayed silent.

	"Right.  No need to answer.  Pick up the remote and press the green
button in the third row, center."

	Ross braced himself, but did as he was told.  The button activated an
electric winch connected to the velvet drape covering the apparatus in the
center of the stage.

	As she watched for an expression on Ross' face, she said "Even though I
could restrain your wrists, I'll leave them as they were so that you can study
if the mood strikes."

	As she finished her sentence, she smiled as Ross' expression turned to
disbelief.

	The velvet drape had been removed.

	The drape had, in fact, covered a cage, but it wasn't empty.  In the
cage was Ross' roommate Scott.

	"No need to wonder what your roommate is up to this afternoon.  He's
hanging around with you."  Jennie mused.

	Ross let out a soft "No!"  But it was not so soft as to avoid activating
the electrode.

	Jennie turned to leave and said to herself: "That'll teach you to mess
with Jennie."




Chapter 7 - The Preparation

	Despite the freedom of movement he enjoyed, there was no way Ross could
study.  Too many thoughts filled his head.  He now knew that he wasn't going to
be able to break free from Jennie's sadistic game in time to meet Susan for
their date.  Ross kept reassuring himself that Susan would understand and that
the important thing was to get to the authorities.  Somehow, Ross didn't fear
for his life, but he certainly felt that his life, as he knew it, would be
changed permanently unless he could get out of there.

	Then, there was Scott.  He wouldn't be in the position he was if not for
Ross' insistence that Jennie get his books.  Ross had nothing but time to watch
his friend squirm in discomfort.

	The cage that Ross initially thought stretched to the ground was, in
fact, only two feet tall.  It was just big enough to contain Scott's head.  The
base of the cage tightly fit around Scott's neck and was fastened with a lock. 
On the top of the cage, a ring connected the cage to a chain that stretched
downward from the ceiling, suspending the cage, and Scott, so that Scott needed
to remain on his toes to breathe comfortably.

	Since being moved from the truck, Scott's restraints had been changed. 
Instead of duct tape, Scott now struggled against black leather.  His arms were
gathered together in back by a single leather glove.  At four different points,
wrists, forearms, elbows and biceps, Scott's arms were bound together by leather
straps that encircled the outside of the glove.  His feet were bound together by
similar straps, with the strap holding his ankles being anchored to a ring in
the stage floor.  Scott just stood there twisting like some bizarre lawn
ornament in a summer breeze.

	Even though Ross could see Scott, Scott was oblivious to his
surroundings.  Each eye was covered by a large leather pad; his ears were
stuffed with foam ear plugs; and his mouth was filled with a big red ball gag. 
Even with his hands free to move, Ross couldn't communicate with his sensory
deprived friend.

	After about thirty minutes of contemplation, Ross decided he needed to
keep trying to escape.  The only thing he had to work with was the remote
control.  He examined the nine green buttons with the strange symbols on them. 
He knew the center button in the bottom row controlled a winch that removed the
drape covering Scott.  Ross assumed that the other eight green buttons also
controlled stage props.  Ross decided to stick with the third row of buttons,
and pressed the first button in the row.  As he held the button down, he heard
another winch motor run, but couldn't quite figure out what it controlled.

	Then, he noticed that Scott's toes were no longer touching the floor! 
The winch had lifted Scott by the top of the cage, and stopped when the lock
attaching his feet prevented further movement.  Instinctively, Ross pressed the
last button in the row, and Scott was returned to a normal standing position. 
Ross was relieved to hear the deep rapid breathing of his friend.  Another few
seconds and Scott could have suffocated.

	Ross decided it was too dangerous to try the remaining buttons, but
before abandoning the remote, he pressed the last button in the third row long
enough to provide enough slack in the chain that Scott could lay down on the
stage.  Ross rationalized that he had now made up for the initial mistake of
choking his friend.

	Deciding there was nothing more he could do to escape, Ross turned to
his books.  He had reviewed an entire chapter of his Advanced Physiology text
and completed the test at the end of the chapter before Jennie's voice again
softly vibrated through the headrest.

	"Hey Ross.  Are you studying your books or your situation?"  Jennie
asked rhetorically.  Ross knew better than to answer.

	"I'll be sending a couple of attendants to help prepare you for the
evening."  Jennie continued after Ross' silence.  "Now, you be as nice to them
as you would be to me."  She said with a condescending tone.  "I've told them
that they can be as rough as they need to if you fail to cooperate."

	After about five minutes, two beautiful young women in black evening
dresses entered the room from the right side of the stage.  As they approached,
it was clear that these were no ordinary evening dresses.  The mid-section of
each was made of high quality garment leather, and the lower dress portions were
a kind of black silk.  Although decidedly unconventional, the dresses made each
of the women more hauntingly attractive than they already were.  They moved
confidently to either side of Ross.  The red-head on the left carried a small
leather bag, and brunette on the right bent down to flick two switches at the
base of the chair.

	"I'm Mistress Amy" the brunette began "and this is Mistress Rosie.  I
have deactivated the punishment mechanism so you can talk if you so choose.  I
have also activated a lock for the cables attached to your wrists."

	Ross had been sitting in a relaxed position with his arms resting
naturally on the armrests of the chair.  Only now did he realize that he lost
his freedom of movement when he heard the Brunette nonchalantly flick the
chair's control switch.  He tried to move his arms, but it was no use.  Ross
opened his mouth to speak, but then thought twice about it.  He had only caused
himself more trouble the last few times he tried to talk his way out of this. 
This time, he decided, he would take a different approach and play the
cooperative captive.  Besides, there were two of them.  Female or not, they had
a distinct advantage over him.  Neither of them was strapped to a chair.

	The women wasted no time in setting about their work.  Mistress Amy, the
brunette, unfastened the leather collar from around Ross' neck and unlocked the
cuff restraining his right wrist.  While Ross' neck and wrist were being freed,
Mistress Rosie, the redhead, reached behind Ross' chair and produced a finely
crafted oak restraint - basically stocks.  There was a large hole in the center
for his neck, and two smaller holes on either side for his wrists.

	Unlike ordinary stocks, these actually looked like they might be
comfortable.  Each hole was lined with padded leather and had an individual
adjustment mechanism enabling it to be tailored to the wearer.  Further, the
piece was designed to enable each hole to be individually locked.  Ross
discovered this as they locked his right wrist in place.  The women then locked
the oak structure around his neck.  Finally, they removed his left wrist and
similarly restrained it in the device.  Once the stocks were completely applied,
the women adjusted each hole so that it was snug, but not uncomfortable.

	Mistress Rosie then reached into the black leather bag and produced a
pair of locking leather ankle cuffs attached by a two-foot length of heavy
chain.  Each woman applied an ankle cuff to one of Ross' ankles while he was
still confined to the chair.  Finally, they completely removed the chair
restraints enabling Ross to walk on his own.  They began to lead him toward the
stage.  He felt like some sort of monster - his arms and neck stiffly swaying
from side to side as he took small stumbling steps.  He remarked sarcastically
"Hey, look!  It's Frankenstein!"

	The women couldn't help but giggle.

	"You're taking this pretty well considering your situation." Mistress
Amy observed.  "Don't you have any questions for us?"

 	"Well, honestly, I'm filled with questions, but the last few times I've
asked, they've been answered in some rather nasty ways."  Ross paused.  "I guess
I just thought I'd be better off keeping my big mouth shut this time.  There are
two of you, and that could mean twice the trouble for me."

	No one spoke again until they reached the far end of the room.  The
women helped Ross negotiate the seven steps up to the stage and led him to the
back of the modified sawhorse.  With his ankle chain taut, his ankles lined up
perfectly with two eye bolts installed on the sides of the rear legs of the saw
horse.  Mistress Rosie pulled two locks out of the bag and attached his ankle
cuffs to the eye bolts.

	Each woman then held on to one side of the stocks and pulled them
forward causing Ross to straddle the sawhorse.  Once the lower edge of the
stocks made contact with the front of the sawhorse, Mistress Amy adjusted the
length of the sawhorse using a knob under the center of the upper support.  Once
properly adjusted, a latch on the front of the saw horse became perfectly
aligned with a mating piece on the bottom of the stocks, and with a "click" Ross
became a part of the furniture as the stocks were attached to the sawhorse.

	The two women turned and walked away from Ross.

	"That's it?"  Ross questioned.  "You're just going to leave me here?"

	The women stopped and looked at each other.

	"You know, we almost forgot to gag him."  Mistress Amy said trying to
sound ironic.

	"Thank goodness he isn't the strong silent type."  Mistress Amy replied
playfully, as she removed an over-sized ball gag from the black leather bag. 
"If he hadn't opened his mouth, we could have gotten in big trouble."

	They turned around and crouched down in front of him.  As they both
looked directly at him, only inches away, Mistress Rosie whispered "This will
prevent that mouth of yours from getting you in any more trouble."

	"Please.  Wait!"  Ross blurted out.  Suddenly, with both women so
intimately near him, he realized that he recognized them - and Jennie, as well. 
These were Susan's new friends!

	"I know you."  He continued.

	"Really?"  Mistress Rosie said incredulously.  "How?"

	"I used to date Susan.  You're her new friends, aren't you?"

	"Now why would we be interested in some girl named Susan's
ex-boyfriend?"  Mistress Amy offered, not answering Ross' question.

	"Look.  I know you're her friends.  I've tried to talk to her several
times this semester, and one of you have always stopped me."

	"So what's your point?"  Mistress Rosie asked impatiently.

	"I've got a date with her tonight.  I've loved her since the first day I
met her, and if I don't show up for that date, I'll probably lose her forever."

	The two women turned to each other and smiled beautifully evil smiles.

	"I'm begging you!  For God's sake let me go!"  Ross wailed as he
struggled violently against his bonds.  The attachments to the sawhorse rattled
vigorously, but the women moved in to finish their task without emotion.  Even
though Ross was flailing his head, Mistress Amy held it still enough for
Mistress Rosie to attach the ball gag - and rather tightly.

	As sweat and tears began to roll down Ross' face, the two women ignored
his grunting and began to leave.  They slowly walked toward the center of the
room and stopped in the center talk.  Mistress Rosie unconsciously tidied up the
restraints on the leather chair.  Jennie entered from the far end of the room
dressed as the others in a black leather and silk evening dress.  Presumably,
she was now "Mistress" Jennie, and the sound of her spiked stiletto heels echoed
through the room as the walked.

	She met the other women in the center of the room and began to talk with
them.  Clearly, part of the discussion was centered on Mistress Jennie's orders
for the other two women.  Toward the end of the discussion, though, Mistress
Jennie stopped and turned to look at Ross.  She then said something short to the
two others, and they turned to leave.  Mistress Jennie, however, picked up the
remote and continued toward the stage.

	Mistress Jennie took her time coming up to the stage.  On her way, she
used the remote control to reposition Scott in an extreme standing position.  By
the time she pulled up a chair and sat down in front of Ross, the other two
women had already wheeled in about 10 chairs and begun arranging them in front
of the stage as though there would soon be a small audience.

	Mistress Jennie straddled the back of the chair, slid close to Ross and
sighed.

	"I suppose you think that we've captured you to prevent you from making
your date with Susan." She said.

	Ross tried his best to simply look away.

	"Well, that couldn't be further from the truth."  Mistress Jennie
explained.  "We've captured you to make certain that you do keep your date with
Susan.  In fact, you are our gift to her."

	Ross looked up at her with a tilted head.

	"That's right.  The sorority party that Susan invited you to is actually
taking place in this hall... on this stage.  Mistresses Amy, Rosie and I are
among her sorority sisters.  Interested in hearing the rest of the story?" 
Mistress Jennie asked as though she were a spider inviting a fly to tea.

	Ross tried to speak, but settled for nodding.

	"Last year after Susan broke up with you, she decided to join our
sorority.  In fact, she and I took the pledge on the same day.  Oh, it's not one
of the sororities officially sanctioned by the college, but it has a long and
distinguished history.  Our sisterhood celebrates the superiority of women over
men.  As a display of our superiority, we use our collective feminine attributes
to select, entice and enslave the men we desire."

	Ross couldn't believe his ears.  There was no way that Susan would
voluntarily go along with this.

	Mistress Jennie continued.  "Susan and I are celebrating our first
anniversary with the sorority, Beta Delta Sigma Mu, and this party is in our
honor.  The party officially marks our advancement into the second level of the
sorority, enabling each of us to select the man we wish to dominate."  Mistress
Jennie paused to let the news sink in.

	"Normally, a party such as this is intended to give the advancing sister
a forum in which to announce her selection prior to capturing the lucky slave,
but being Susan's roommate, I overheard her invite you to the party."

	Mistress Jennie rose from her chair and began pacing in front of her
audience.

	"Now, I found this most peculiar.  The honorees are supposed to come
alone.  Only the women in the higher ranks are allowed to bring dates, if you
want to call them that.  Naturally, I assumed that she was going to lure you
here tonight to make the capture quick and easy.  Of course, I like more of a
challenge.  Sadly, you didn't really present one."  She sat back down, looked
deep into Ross' eyes and smiled.

	"You were born to be a woman's play thing.  All it took was my silk
blouse, a little light perfume and a smile before you practically begged me to
place your wrist in my cuffs."

	Mistress Jennie rose and began moving off stage with the chair.

	"Of course, I hadn't intended to take your friend.  It was just his
lucky day, I guess.  He's kind of cute.  I think I'll keep him."

	Mistress Jennie stood at the side of the stage and used the remote to
close the curtains.

	"Now, you and your friend be good little stage props and wait until just
the right moment to make your entrance tonight.  We want Susan to be genuinely
surprised in front of all of her sisters, don't we?  Did I mention that the
leader of the regional chapter would be here tonight?  Maybe she can give Susan
a few pointers on how to properly punish you for that date we have tomorrow
night."

	Ross renewed his futile attempts to escape as the curtains closed
completely.




Chapter 8 - The Presentation

	Mistresses Rosie, Amy and Jennie finished decorating the hall just ten
minutes before the guests were scheduled to arrive.  Although she easily could
have assigned the task to the house staff, Mistress Jennie wanted the hall to
have that "special something" that only comes from doing it yourself.

	The women stood silently admiring the hall.  It looked quite festive. 
Banners reading "Congratulations Susan and Jennie!" lined the walls, and twisted
black and white crepe paper streamers bounced from one chandelier to another. 
The folding chairs were evenly spaced in front of the stage, which was
deceptively quiet.  A solitary podium stood center stage in front of the closed
stage curtains with three ornate oak chairs placed immediately to the left.

	Three sets of beautiful French doors graced the East end of the hall,
farthest from the stage.  The doors were lead crystal and provided a panoramic
view of the front gardens.  Mistress Jennie nudged the others and pointed to a
black limousine pulling into the circular drive.

	"That must be Mistress Christen, the head of the regional chapter.  Time
to get your dates, ladies.  Johnson, the doorman, can arrange to have them
brought up from the holding pen."  Mistress Jennie said motioning to the
telephone.

	As Mistress Amy phoned the doorman, Mistress Jennie went out to greet
Mistress Christen personally.

	"Mistress Christen, we're so honored that you could make it." Mistress
Jennie said with open arms.

	"I wouldn't miss this for the world."  Mistress Jennie replied as she
got out of the limousine and hugged Mistress Jennie.

	"What, you didn't bring an escort?" Mistress Jennie said with an
exaggerated frown.

	"Unfortunately, I can't stay the night, so I gave him the night off. 
Right now, he's strapped to my four-poster - probably watching HBO." Mistress
Christen explained.

	Mistress Jennie escorted Mistress Christen into the hall.  The wait
staff was quick to bring two flutes of champagne on a sterling silver tray.  As
Mistresses Jennie and Christen exchanged compliments, the slaves of Mistresses
Amy and Rosie were brought up from the basement holding pen by two house boys,
and their leashes were tied to two eye bolts in a dark corner of the hall.

	By a quarter past the hour, eight slaves were leashed to eye bolts in
various corners of the hall, and all of the Mistresses were present except for
Susan.  Each Mistress in attendance had taken great pleasure in dressing up her
slave for the occasion, and no two slaves were dressed alike.  Mistress Amy had
dressed her slave like a pony boy.  He had a tall feathered headdress, a bit
gag, blinders and a severe leather harness that included a leather pouch for his
genitals and straps that passed through D-rings attached to a single leather
glove encasing his arms behind him.  He looked nervous and confused.  Of course,
the blinders made certain he stayed that way, forcing him to completely turn in
any direction that he wanted to see.

	Mistress Rosie's slave was bound in chains, blindfolded and ball gagged. 
His wrists were held together in front of him by connected shackles, and a chain
was wrapped tightly around his torso keeping his wrists in place.  Similarly,
his ankles were bound by shackles that were connected by an 18 inch chain,
forcing him to take tiny steps when he was lead by his Mistress.  A larger
shackle was loosely fitted to his neck, and a chain fastening his neck shackle
to an eye bolt in the wall prevented him from wandering too far.

	Another guest brought a slave dressed as a woman bound in rope.  Yet
another guest dressed her slave as a mental patient complete with straight
jacket and institutional restraints.  Still another guest wrapped her slave in
plastic wrap that was wound so tightly about his body that he needed to be
brought into the hall on a mover's dolly.  Even though the slaves were all
uniquely dressed, the guests intentionally ignored them.  Instead, the
Mistresses focused on each other and exchanged compliments for the creativity
and originality of the elaborate costumes.  The mistresses themselves were all
dressed in the same enticingly evil uniforms.

	Finally, at 8:30, Susan arrived.  She was dressed in a leather corset
and black satin dress like the other Mistresses.  She wore 5-inch black stiletto
heels, elbow length opera gloves and fishnet stockings.  She also wore a sullen
expression that suggested an inner hatred and possibly an unforgettable loss.

	One by one, the Mistresses took turns congratulating Mistress Susan on
her first year's accomplishments, just as they had congratulated Mistress Jennie
prior to Mistress Susan's arrival.  Mistress Susan took the comments seriously
and indicated how devoted she was to the sorority, almost as though she had
recently reaffirmed her efforts to excel in the sorority.

	After about a half hour of mingling and drinking, a servant walked to
the center of the hall and rang a small bell to signify the beginning of the
evening's presentations.  Slowly, all of the guests moved to the folding chairs
in front of the stage.  Mistresses Christen, Jennie and Susan sat in the oak
chairs on stage next to the podium.

	While the guests were taking their seats, several members of the wait
staff began to lead the slaves from the hall.  Once all of the slaves were
removed from the hall, all of the doors to the hall were sealed, and the lights
were dimmed except for the stage lighting.

	Mistress Jennie rose and approached the podium.  After testing the
microphone, she began the program.

	"I'd like to thank everyone for attending this year's annual
Beta-Delta-Sigma-Mu Advancement Ball.  In accordance with the sorority by-laws,
the junior sisters, namely Mistress Susan and I, coordinated the event. 
Mistress Susan provided the decorations and beverages, and I provided the
location.  I'd like to take this opportunity to warmly welcome everyone to my
house.  If you need anything at all, please do not hesitate to ask any of the
servants for assistance."

	"With that, I'd like to introduce a most distinguished member of our
sorority.  She has been with us for five years, and she is the head of the
regional chapter.  Even though she has had five full-time slaves during her
tenure, she has been gracious enough to grant us her undivided attention this
evening, leaving her slave at home, longing for her return, no doubt.  Without
further delay, Mistress Christen."

	The audience, though small, provided an enthusiastic round of applause
for Mistress Christen as she rose from her seat and approached the podium.

	"Thank you Mistress Jennie."  She began.

	"Every year, the sisterhood celebrates the advancement of the junior
members of our sorority.  This advancement signifies the sorority's full
acceptance of the members and signifies each sister's vow to dominate all men. 
As a symbol of your place in the sorority, I am pleased to present each of you,
Jennie and Susan, with a solid gold medallion of supremacy."

	Mistress Christen then picked up two small boxes from within the podium
and removed the medallions.  She walked over to the seated honorees and placed a
medallion around the neck of each.  She then stepped aside and began clapping. 
A look of pride came over Mistresses Jennie and Susan, and Susan smiled her
first genuine smile of the evening.  Mistress Susan then stood and took the
podium as the applause trailed off.

	"This is such an honor."  She began and looked down thoughtfully down at
the podium.

	Looking up, she continued.

	"As many who came before me, I vow on this night to dominate all men. 
Tonight's ceremony gives me a strength and resolve that I've never felt before
in my life.  I feel invincible.  But it hasn't always been that way."  Mistress
Susan said, pausing.

	"I have occasionally questioned my superiority.  As recently as
yesterday evening, I had one such lapse in judgment.  As many of you know, I was
in a traditional relationship for years before discovering the sisterhood. 
Although the end of that relationship served to awaken the dominant within me, I
still have strong feelings for the male who was my partner."

	"Last night, in a moment of doubt, I asked my former lover to meet me
before this evening's event.  I thought that by seeing him once more, I could
better decide whether I was truly dominant and worthy of the honor bestowed on
my tonight.  If I saw him and wanted to be his equal, I decided that I would
skip tonight's affair and rejoin the world of the ordinary.  If I saw him and
still felt dominant, however, I planned to bring him here as my first conquest." 
Mistress Susan paused.

	"Fortunately, the male was too weak to honor his commitment, thereby
revealing the truth to me.  Men are no better than pets who don't come when you
call them, and such pets must be trained to have respect."

	The audience howled.

	"He may not be my conquest tonight, but due to his lack of respect, I
will have him yet.  As in a conventional relationship, I will have him until
death do us part, but that will be the only conventional aspect of our
relationship."

	The audience cheered again.

	"Thank you all for enlightening and accepting me."  Susan said
sincerely.  Then she raised her medallion in the air with her right hand and
shouted the sorority slogan with the audience echoing each word.

	"Hunt!  Capture!  Dominate!"

	With that, Mistress Susan turned to Mistress Jennie, smiled a broad
smile and returned to her seat as Mistress Jennie took to the podium.

	"First, I'd like to express my gratitude to the sorority for tonight's
honor, and I too would like to relate a personal story."

	"As many of you may know, Mistress Susan and I are roommates on campus. 
Last night, as I was fading off to sleep, I overheard Mistress Susan's
invitation to the dog that she just spoke of."

	Susan's eyebrows raised in surprise, and she leaned forward in her seat
in anticipation of the rest of the story.

	"I sensed her momentary self-doubt, but knew the strength that she
harbored within.  Although it was extremely presumptuous of me, I decided to
give her a gift that might help her acknowledge her feminine superiority.  I had
no idea that she was considering passing up tonight's honor, but I'm thrilled
that I had a small role to play in helping her decide to attend."

	With that, Mistress Jennie removed the remote control from the podium
and used it to open the curtains.  As the shadow of the curtains slowly revealed
the uncomfortable predicaments of Ross and Scott, Susan's jaw dropped, and a
ripple of "ooh's" and "ahh's" rolled through the audience.

	"I apologize for taking some of the challenge out of it for you,
Mistress Susan, but in honor of your advancement tonight, I am pleased to
present you with this heartfelt gift.  Even though I truly believe that this
gift is beneath you, I hope that you enjoy it."

	With that Mistress Jennie stepped away from the podium, and the audience
began applauding with unbridled enthusiasm.  The applause seemed to last
forever.

	Susan sat stunned

	Once the applause began to subside, Mistress Jennie leaned back toward
the podium microphone and announced that drinks would be available throughout
the evening, and that all of the guests were welcome to spend the night.

	"Anyone who wishes to stay the night may inform any member of the house
staff, and your escorts will be taken to your room."  Mistress Jennie announced. 
"I'm certain that the accommodations will be acceptable, as every room is fully
equipped."

	Ross watched helplessly as the lights were raised, and the guests began
to mingle amongst themselves.  Mistress Susan motioned for Mistress Jennie to
meet her at the corner of the stage.  They were too far away for Ross to hear
the conversation.  Near the end of the discussion, Mistress Susan caught Ross'
eyes as she shrugged nonchalantely, as though to say "What the hell", and
Mistresses Jennie and Susan began to mingle with the guests at the far end of
the room.  Every now and then, Mistress Susan would look up to the stage display
with a smile and a twinkle in her eye.

	As the guests engaged in their post ceremony conversations, several
guests, including Mistresses Rosie and Amy, made their way to the edge of the
stage to admire the display.

	"We helped set him up." Mistress Rosie said with pride.

	"Were you involved in the capture?" asked one of the guests.

	"No, we just got to set up the display." said Mistress Amy.

	"Nice job, anyway." admired the guest.

	"Thanks.  We positioned the one on the saw horse, but other one is
nicely displayed, as well.  Too bad we can't see his face."  Mistress Rosie
said.

	Ross was humiliated.  He and Scott were on display, and they were being
treated as though they were property... and stolen property, at that.

	As the group of mistresses stood on the floor in front of the stage
admiring Ross and Scott's predicament, Ross heard a rustling behind him.  He
turned his head as far as he could, straining to see Scott and what was
happening, but the stock's prevented him from getting a clear view.  Suddenly,
Ross's world went dark as a hood was placed over his head and secured at his
neck.

	Ross could feel his bonds being unfastened from the sawhorse, but it was
impossible to attempt an escape.  His neck and wrists were still securely held
by the stocks.  His ankles were still hobbled by the two foot chain, and he
could see only darkness.  Ross felt a leash being attached to the front of the
stocks, and a tug toward the back of the stage.

	As he was being lead from the stage, Ross relied on his hearing to
assess the situation.  From the whir of the electric winch and the jingle of
buckles coming from Scott's direction, Ross assumed they were being taken to
another part of the house.  He was right, but as they reached the bottom of the
back steps, Ross realized that Scott's footsteps were fading away.  They were
each being lead to a different place, and Ross wondered if he's ever see Scott
again.




Chapter 9 - Scott's Predicament

	After walking what seemed like a mile, Scott felt the insistent tug on
his collar abate.  Still blinded by the pads over his eyes, he assumed he and
his keeper had reached their destination and stopped walking.  With a quick
upward tug on his collar, Scott found himself attached to a chain or leash
suspended from above.  He was again helplessly uncomfortable, but the sudden
jerk loosened the foam inserts in his ears enough to allow him to make out the
conversation around him.

	"That will do, James." said a female voice.

	Scott recognized the woman's voice from his house this afternoon.

	"You may tend to the needs of our other guests, now.  I'll show Mistress
Christen around her room."  The woman concluded.

	"Yes, Mistress Jennie." A male voice said impassively.

	As the servant's footsteps faded away and ended with the closing of a
distant door, Scott assumed that he was alone with the two women: Jennie and
Christen.

	"I can't get over the facilities."  Mistress Christen gushed.

	"Well, there's actually a lot more than meets the eye."  Mistress Jennie
boasted.

	"Once a man is selected to be confined in this house, escape is
virtually impossible."  She continued.  "All of the locks are identically keyed,
and only the Mistresses and the Master butler, Fernando, have working keys. 
That means that even if one of the lower echelon servants wanted to help a slave
escape, he couldn't."

	"I see." Said Mistress Christen.  "But couldn't a slave escape if he
happened upon a key that was misplaced or left carelessly unattended by Fernando
or one of the Mistresses?"  Mistress Christen challenged.

	"Well, considering that slaves are typically attached to some type of
hitching post, and considering that their vision is often impaired, and
considering that their fingers are generally unable to reach the locks... Well,
let's just say that all of the planets would have to align for a slave to be
able to free himself.  Besides, there are two other far more significant factors
that would deter a slave from escaping..." Mistress Jennie said as she opened
the armoire at the foot of the kind-sized canopy bed to which Scott was
attached.

	"And those factors would be?" Mistress Christen asked in an obliging
tone.

	"The first factor is devotion.  Once a slave is properly trained, here
is nothing he would do to displease his Mistress." Mistress Jennie said
knowingly.

	"It's only been an hour since you advanced from your junior status, and
you speak like a pro." Mistress Christen chuckled.

	"Membership in the sorority is only a formality to a lifetime of slave
training."  Mistress Jennie said flatly.  "The second factor is distress." 
Jennie said as she removed a tiny restraint with a small plastic box attached to
it.

	"We call this a 'Persuader'.  Let me demonstrate."

	Scott felt Mistress Jennie remove the pouch that held his penis and
genitals.  She wound the small leather band around the sack above his testicles
at the base of his penis and fastened the strap with a tiny buckle.  The small
black plastic box hung down behind his genitals so that two embedded electrodes
made contract with his skin.

	Even though Scott was more aroused than he had ever been, he could only
imagine the discomfort that such a little box could inflict.  He twisted to
avoid the restraint, and once applied, he twisted harder to get it off.

	Mistress Jennie laughed and said "See, even without knowing what it is,
this one knows it is not meant for pleasure."

	As Scott continued to thrash helplessly, Mistress Jennie removed a small
remote control with a single red button from the armoire.

	"Although it should be used sparingly, it is most effective."

	She pressed her thumb against the red button for a fraction of a second,
and Scott instantly hung lifeless from the cross member of the canopy at the
foot of the bed.

	Mistress Jennie released the clip connecting Scott's collar to the
chain, and he slumped to the floor twitching slightly.

	"Really, you shouldn't use it when a slave is restrained by the neck. 
He could choke after taking a hit, or worse, his neck could snap."  Mistress
Jennie explained.

	"For any slave who may be a particular escape risk," she continued, "we
can add a tiny padlock to the 'Persuader' for which only I hold the key."

	"Well, you have thought of everything."  Christen admitted.  "Is there
anything else I need to know before I get ready for bed?"

	"Only that there are extra towels in the bathroom cabinets, extra toys
in the armoire, and that Champaign breakfast is at 8:00 in the Master Dining
Room."  Mistress Jennie said smiling, and she turned to leave.

	At the door, Jennie offered "If you need anything, just dial '0' for
Fernando's desk or dial '6' to page me directly.  My pager displays the room
number, and I'll stop by to answer any questions."

	"Thank you so much." Christen said smiling.  "You've been so gracious. 
I'll only bother you if it's important."

	The door closed, and Scott began to regain his strength.

	Mistress Christen had been a female dominant for at least six years, and
although she thought she had seen it all before tonight, the "persuader" was
definitely a surprise.  She couldn't believe how quickly and effectively it
rendered a subject utterly helpless.

	With a fair amount of over confidence, Mistress Christen bent down to
check on Scott.  She removed the earplugs and blindfold, and caressed his hair
as she asked "Are you alright?"

	Scott managed a feeble nod, but was gaining his strength back
surprisingly quickly.

	"How long have you been here?"  Mistress Christine asked, but before
Scott could mmmpf an answer, Christen laughingly said "Here, I should probably
remove the gag so you can answer."

	Mistress Christen removed Scott's gag and collar, and for the first time
in almost twelve hours, Scott had all of his senses.

	"Thank you."  Scott said as he stretched his jaw.  "I have no idea how
long I've been like this, but it's long enough that I've lost all feeling in my
arms."

	"Look, that kind of drivel won't get you anywhere, but it's fortunate
for you that I like my subjects clean and comfortable when I force them to
service me."  Mistress Christen said flatly.  "I'm going to release you to let
you shower.  That will give your muscles a chance to regroup, but don't get any
ideas.  You've already seen what "The Persuader" will do.  I'll have the remote
on my belt, so just be thankful you ended up with me instead of Mistress
Jennie."

	"Yes, Ma'am."  Scott replied with his eyes cast downward.

	"Now, turn around so that I can relieve the stress on your arms." 
Mistress Christen said impatiently.

	Scott turned around and one by one, Mistress Christen removed the four
straps binding Scott's arms and set them in a pile on the bed.  To Scott's
surprise, the removal of the straps, while comforting, did little to increase
his mobility.  It wasn't until the leather glove was unzipped that Scott's
situation truly improved.

	As Scott stretched his arms to improve the circulation, Mistress
Christen knelt before him to remove the straps from his legs and ankles. 
Instictively realizing that this would be the only time he would have the
dominant position, Scott grabbed one of the straps from the pile and quickly
wrapped it around Christen's neck.  Without thinking, he fastened the strap
tightly around the bedpost.

	Christen reacted by clutching the strap until she realized that she had
"The Persuader", but as she fumbled to find the remote on her belt, Scott
grabbed it.  He held it just out of reach and taunted "I'll bet you were looking
for this."

	Christine flailed her legs hoping to connect as she screamed and
clutched for the buckle around her neck.  Scott, still hobbled, made quick work
of bringing Christen's arm up behind her until she winced .  Her screaming
turned into a slight cry, and she began to beg.

	"Please don't hurt me.  I didn't do anything to you except release you."
Christen begged.

	"That's true.  You didn't do anything... yet."  Scott countered.  "Bring
your other arm behind you, and I'll release the pressure."

	Christen complied and soon found her forearms bound parallel across the
middle of her back.

	"Look, I'm not out to hurt anyone.  If you cooperate, I'll refrain from
using this."  Scott said holding up the ball gag.

	"I'll cooperate."  Christen said quickly.  "Although I doubt that my
mouth could accommodate a two inch rubber ball."

	"Want to find out?"  Scott shot back, feeling in limited control for the
first time that day.

	"No.  I said I'd cooperate."  Christen said.  "Besides, I'm not your
real problem.  'The Persuader' and the security around here are your real
problems.  You really don't stand a chance, but I'll remember how merciful you
were when they return you to me."

	"You know, you're right.  I'm solving the first of my problems right
now."  Scott declared as he removed "The Persuader" before freeing his legs. 
After completely freeing his legs, Scott applied each of the straps in a
corresponding location on Christen.  Before long, Scott had a completely
restrained mistress.

	With Christen thoroughly trussed up, Scott began to check out the room. 
He started with the armoire.  Although it looked innocent enough from the
outside, once it was opened, the room felt like a darker, more sinister chamber. 
It was filled with straps of all sizes.  Along the inside of one of the doors
hung an array of gags.  Under the gags, hung a variety of plugs arranged
according to their size.  Although Scott had never seen this type of equipment
before, he could easily imagine their uses.

	"Holy crap!  Look at this stuff.  Do you actually use all of this?" 
Scott asked almost rhetorically.

	"I can't turn far enough to see what you're talking about, but the
answer is most likely 'yes.'"  Christen replied.

	"Lucky for you I'm in a hurry to get out of here." Scott said smiling. 
"I kind of like you, and I'd love to take the time to let you model some of this
stuff."

	Christen smiled.  "I kind of like you, too.  Sorry you have to be
leaving so soon.  Bye."  She said jokingly.

	Scott carefully selected a blindfold, gag and posture collar before
returning to Christen.

	"Look." He said apologetically.  "I don't know why, but I really do kind
of like you.  Maybe it's the whole confident female thing.  Maybe it's that
you're drop-dead gorgeous.  Maybe it's because I have you helplessly tied to the
foot of a bed against your will, but I have to get out of here, and I can't take
you with me."

	Christen glanced down at the unpleasant fashion accessories that Scott
had picked out.

	"I understand.  I know what you think you have to do, but I honestly
won't scream or try to alert security.  You don't have to put that stuff on me."
She said pleadingly.

	"Actually, I do." Scott replied.  "For my plan to work, I need you
completely isolated."

	With that, Scott gently covered each of Christen's eyes with a disc from
the blindfold he selected and fastened the buckle gently but firmly behind her
head.  Next, he slid the pump gag into her mouth and locked it from behind.  It
was clear that Christen wasn't used to being the one restrained as she shifted
in her bonds and grunted into her gag.  Scott pumped the attached rubber ball
until the grunting was little more than a whisper.

	When he was finished, Scott stroked Christen's hair and whispered in her
ear.

	"You really are a lovely, dangerous creature.  I'll bet you have guys
just begging you to tie them up."

	Christine slowly nodded.

	"Well, I can certainly see the appeal.  If I had come here voluntarily,
I might have let you get me in a compromising position or two, but I didn't
volunteer for this."

	Scott walked over to the dresser and picked up "The Persuader".

	"Now, I'm going to call your pretty blonde friend, and tie her to the
other bedpost."  Scott said, disclosing his plan like a villian in a bad action
film.  "You two are going to look like bookends when I'm through."

	Scott removed the batteries from "The Persuader" and fastened it back
around his shaft.  Then he dialed "6" to get Mistress Jennie's pager.  He knew
that within minutes Jennie would be knocking on their door eager to help her
friend.




Chapter 10 - Scott's Trap

	It took only two minutes for Mistress Jennie to return to Mistress
Christen's room after being paged, but to Scott it seemed like hours.  After
knocking on the door several times, each series of knocks growing successively
more impatient, Mistress Jennie used her key and let herself in.  Knowing that
trouble was afoot, she entered the room cautiously, and then she saw Mistress
Christen in the shadows of the now dimly lit bedroom.  She instinctively
determined that she would call for backup as soon as she released her guest, and
she ran to the foot of the bed to release Mistress Christen.

	Mistress Jennie had barely finished removing the blindfold when Scott
lunged forward from under the bed snaring her ankles with a strap.  Scott
specifically selected the strap from the armoire because it had a one-way
mechanism that locked in place automatically when tightened, without requiring
him to fumble with normal roller buckles.  With the sudden loss of  her feet to
keep her stable, Mistress Jennie instinctively grabbed the post of the bed to
keep from falling, allowing Scott enough time to roll out from beneath the bed
to confront Mistress Jennie.

	Reflexively, Mistress Jennie reached for the red-buttoned remote
attached to the left side of her belt.  With her left hand on the bedpost, she
crossed her free right hand in front to reach the device, when Scott forcefully
grabbed her wrist and twisted her arm upward and back, painfully stressing her
elbow and shoulder.

	Glaring into her eyes, Scott calmly said "We can do this the hard way,
or we can do this the easy way."

	With tears welling up in her eyes, Jennie gritted her teeth and said "I
choose the hard way... for you!"  And before she had finished the sentence, in
one fluid motion, she released her stabilizing grip on the bedpost, grabbed the
remote, aimed and fired.

	Scott couldn't tell if the look of pained surprise on Mistress Jennie's
face was due to the remote's failure to activate the Persuader or because she
was helplessly tumbling to the ground from the force he had applied to her
twisted arm, but regardless of the reason, Scott pressed his advantage.  He
quickly pinned her face down on the ground.

	"Well, I've chosen the easy way for both of us."  Scott quipped as
Mistress Jennie whimpered from her pain and defeat.

	Scott reached behind him on the bed and pulled down the armbinder that
had rendered him helpless just a few minutes before.

	"Please place both hands behind you and interlock your fingers."  Scott
instructed.

	As Mistress Jennie began to push herself upward, Scott unceremoniously
pushed her face into the floor.

	"Just do it.  I don't want to have to hurt you."  He offered.

	With that, Mistress Jennie became captive Jennie.  Scott slid the
armbinder up her forearms and over her elbows.  He adjusted and fastened the
wrist and elbow straps before helping her to her feet.

	"It may sound cliche, but you'll never get away with this."  Jennie
said, regaining her composure.

	"You may be right."  Scott admitted.  "But I have to try, right?"

	Scott let Jennie lean on the side of the bed as he fastened two straps
that ran from the back of the armbinder, crossed behind her neck, and attached
to the front of the armbinder.  Turning her to face the bed, he checked,
tightened and locked the wrist and elbow straps causing Jennie to nearly
overflow the top of her leather bustierre. 

	Just as Jennie was beginning another round of banter, Scott slipped a
ballgag  in her mouth and fastned it tightly at the nape of her neck.  She
bucked and twisted like a wild mustang, but to no avail.  Scott scooped her up
in his arms and carried her to the other bedpost at the foot of the bed.

	Scott fastened Jennie to the pole using two wide straps under her arms
and at her waist, and he further restrained her legs with straps above and below
the knees.  Scott then took Jennie's face in his hands and restsed his forehead
on hers.

	"I'm afraid I'm going to have to turn out your lights, now."  He said
softly.

	This frightened Jennie.  She wondered whether that was a euphamism for
ultimate darkness.  Scott then gently kissed her forehead and pulled a tight
leather hood over her face.  Jennie thought she had reason to breathe easier
until she felt two leather straps wrap around her neck to further secure her to
the bedpost.  They slowly tightened until they firmly held her head to the post.

	"Tight enough for you?"  Scott asked.

	Jennie replied with an uncertain nod.

	"Not for me."  Scott said as he tightened each belt one more notch.

	A muffled wimper escaped Jennie's  hood.  Scott tested the tension to
ensure that Jennie, while rather uncomfortable, was not in any real danger.  He
listened to her breathing pattern to verify her ability to get the air she
needed, empathatically remembering his breathless moments earlier in the
evening.

	Unexpectedly, out of the corner of  his eye, the chandalier's reflection
off of a shiny set of nipple clamps captured Scott's attention.  Although, he
knew better than to waste his time with curiosity, he couldn't help wandering
over to the armoire to have a look.  As he inspected the toy, a worried look
from his former keeper told him they were a must.  With a devilish smile, he
lowered the upper portion of Christen's bodice to reveal her ample, smooth and
white breasts.  Her nipples were pert and ready to be bitten by the alligator
clips that would suspend a heavy connecting chain.  Christen struggled futilely
to avoid the clips, but offered no real impediment to Scott who simply cupped
each breast in one hand and attached the clip with the other.  A muffled yelp
told Scott he had hit his mark.  Then, he gently replaced the blindfold over
Christen's tearing eyes.

	"I'm sorry you had to see that."  Scott offered as he kissed her
forehead.

	Realizing that he couldn't let Jennie off the hook so easily, he
unclipped her cellular telephone from her belt.  Set the ringer to "vibrate",
and slipped the unit into the front of her panties.  While it wouldn't be a
constant reminder of her plight, it would certainly be a noticable one.

	With his two trophies so nicely displayed, he began to calmly improvise
the next step of his escape.  He knew that he had a comfortable window of time,
but eventually, someone would notice that Mistress Jennie was missing  He also
knew that a naked unrestrained male would stick out like a sore thumb around
this place.  Armed with this knowledge, and little else, he did the only logical
thing.

	Scott decided to put his restraints back on.

	First, he removed Jennie's keys and hid them in the pouch of the thong
that he used to cover himself.  Then, he locked his ankles in wide leather cuffs
separated by a two-foot chain.  He picked out a small, relatively comfortable,
ballgag that he buckled in place.  Finally, he put a 4-inch posture collar
around his neck and wide leather cuffs around each wrist, without locking either
the collar or cuffs.

	Feeling nearly prepared for his adventure, he hobbled over to a desk
near the door.  He found a "Do Not Disturb" sign, a set of note cards and a pen. 
He discretely slippeed the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the outer doorknob, and in
his most feminine handwriting, he wrote "Deliver me to Mistress Susan's Room -
Mistress Jennie." on one of the note cards.  He then clipped the note card to
the front ring of his collar with a four foot leather leash.

	Taking a deep breath, he completed his ensemble with one final lock that
he connected to wrist cuffs.  Placing his wrists behind his head, he further
connected the shackle of the lock to the back of the collar, but he was careful
not to close it.  To the untrained eye, Scott figured himself to look like a the
perfect roving slave.  He figured any questions would be answered by the
"instructions" of the head Mistress, and with the ability to remove his "bonds"
at his destination, Scott felt surprisingly confident as he left Christen's
guest room to look for Susan and Ross.




Chapter 11 - Scott's Journey Back to Captivity

	Leaving Christen's room, Scott had no idea which way to go.  He randomly
headed down the hall to the right.  As he shuffled nervously along, he began to
hear voices in the distance - male voices.  Figuring that they were the most
likely to help him in any event, he continued turning down various hallways
toward the voices.  Finally, he turned down a hall to see two men at the far
end.  These were the men who's voices he had heard.  The first was Doug, a
butler, dressed in a plain, but expensive tuxedo.  The other was a room service
deliveryman named Charles dressed in a spotless white uniform.

	As he approached, he determined that they were discussing the upcoming
college football game, but they suddenly stopped when the saw Scott.  Each
giving the other a puzzling glance, they split up slightly and approached Scott
like zookeepers approaching an uncaged animal.

	"Shouldn't you be with someone?"  The butler asked skeptically.

	"Wait Doug, there's a note."  Cautioned the deliveryman.

	Charles grabbed the leash, and the butler read the note.

	"It says we are to deliver him to Mistress Susan's room"  Doug
announced.  "It's from Mistress Jennie, so I'll take him there right now.  Who
knows how long he's been wandering these halls."

	"I can take him." Countered the deliveryman.  "I'm headed there anyway
to drop off an order of  Chanpaign.  Maybe I'll get a better tip."

	"I didn't know you were on a run."  The butler said with disgust.  "You
should know better than to jawbone with me when you have a delivery!  You're
going to get us both in trouble.  Maybe even THAT kind of trouble."  He said
motioning his head toward Scott.  "Take your cart and get a move on.  I'll catch
up with you later."

	Charles began to push his cart down the hall, leading Scott away by the
leash.  As if sensing that something was amiss, the buttler glanced over his
shoulder and noticed the open lock at the base of Scott's neck.

	Without a word, the butler trotted up behind Scott and pressed the
shackle of the lock into its case with an ominous "Click."

	The sound caused the deliveryman to turn around and Scott to reflexively
test his cuffs, with disappointing results.

	"Man, I thought we could have gotten in trouble before."  Doug said
sounding relieved.  "This is clearly one of Mistress Jennie's little tests we've
all heard about."

	"What do you mean?" asked the deliveryman.

	"Mistress Jennie is known for setting her staff up to fail, so that she
can punish them."  The butler explained.  "This whole thing was probably about
the unlocked padlock on this guy's collar, and he was probably in on it!"  He
said, smacking Scott on the back of the head for good measure.

	Scott lowered his head in dispair, which was interpretted as an
admission of guilt by the two servants.

	"Now, get going."  Said the butler.  "And don't mention this to anybody
unless they ask."

	"Right."  Agreed Charles as he headed off to Susan's room.

	When he reached the end of the hall, the butler shouted back "But if
anybody does ask, make sure to tell them that I helped."

	Charles gestured a "thumbs up", and turned the corner toward Susan's
room with Scott shuffling along behind him.

	Scott found it dificult to keep up with the deliveryman as they hurried
to Mistress Susan's room.  Along the way, the deliveryman kept muttering to
himself with an occasional comment directed toward Scott.

	"I don't understand you guys." he said.  "I know that some of the guys
here literally get roped into this shit, but guys like you, who do this
voluntarily, amaze me."

	Scott tugged at the back of his collar, and tried to speak through the
gag, but without success.

	"You know,"  Charles continued, as though talking primarily to himself,
"I'd be happy to help some of the unsuspecting guys if I could tell them apart
from the likes of you."  The deliveryman sighed and reflected "Of course, I'd
have to know that I wouldn't end up getting punished before I'd even consider
getting involved."

	After travelling through a seemingly endless array of identical halls,
they arrived at Mistress Susan's room.  The deliveryman quietly knocked on the
door and announced "Room service."  After a moment, the door opened, and
Mistress Susan ushered them inside.

	Charles went straight to his work preparing the tray of Champaign.

	"Why the tagalong?"  Mistress Susan asked the deliveryman, giving Scott
a knowing smile to let him know she recognized him.

	"I brought him here at the request of Mistress Jennie.  It was a little
extra work, but I'm glad to do it." He offered, hoping for a better tip.

	Upon finishing the room service setup, he paused at the door and said
"Is there anything else I can help you with?"

	"No, thanks."  Mistress Susan replied as she hooked Scott's leash to a
ring in the wall near the door.

	After an uncomfortably long pause waiting for a tip that didn't come,
the deliveryman said "Very well.  Good night." And left the room, closing the
door behind  him.

	Mistress Susan slowly paced the room between Ross and Scott.  "I wonder
what Mistress Jennie has in mind..." she wondered aloud.

	While Scott was secured to the wall near the door, Ross was seated on
the bed.  His wrists were strapped to a locked belt, and his ankles were locked
to a two-foot spreader bar, but he was otherwise unrestrained.  Even though he
could have answered, Ross decided to treat the question as rhetorical.

	"I absolutely hate suprises."  Mistress Susan announced as she picked up
the telephone and dialed "6" for Mistress Jennie's cell phone.  On the other end
of the line, Jennie had her own suprise.  The telephone vibrated and vibrated,
but went unanswered.  As bleak has his situation had become, Scott couldn't help
but smile deviously around his gag.

	Mistress Susan tried Mistress Jennie several more times before deciding
to take matters into her own hands.  She blindfolded Ross and helped him lie
down on the bed.  Then, she said "You relax and keep each other company while I
go find Mistress Jennie."

	As she was closing the door, she leaned into the room, and said "And,
yes, Ross, I know I didn't secure you to the bed.  Don't get any bright ideas.
I'll be activating the door alarm which can only be turned off from the outside
of the room using a master key."  After a pause, she added "Opening the door,
without first disengaging the alarm, will activate your Pursuader... and we
wouldn't want that, now would we?"

	The door closed, leaving Ross and Scott alone in Mistress Susan's room.




Chapter 12 - Susan's Turn



	Scott waited a few moments before he set to work.  He wanted to be
certain that Mistress Susan wouldn't return unexpectedly.  Meanwhile, Ross laid
hopelessly on the bed wondering how he found himself in this position.

	After about a minute, Scott reached up with his fingers and unbuckled
the ballgag that, until now, had prevented him from talking.  In no time, the
ball and strap fell to the ground, and Scott began to speak.

	"Ross!  Get over here!  I have a plan to get us out, but there's not
much time!"  Scott began.

	Ross instantly sat up in the bed.  "How?  You're tethered to the wall,
and I'm blindfolded.  The odds aren't exactly in our favor."

	"Just slide your ass off the bed and follow my voice as I explain." 
Scott responded.

	Ross laboriously slid himself off of the bed.  With the ankle spreader
firmly attached, Ross looked like a blind, wingless duck as he slowly waddled
toward Scott.

	"I managed to get my hands on a key to the locks."  explained Scott. 
"All of the locks are identically keyed, so the key I have will fit all of these
locks, if we can just get to it."

	"How the hell did you manage that?"  Ross asked in disbelief.

	"My keeper released me to clean me up, and I overpowered her.  I took
the key, strapped her to the bed and did the same to Jennie, the head Mistress. 
Then, I came to find you."  Scott replied.

	"Hold on a minute, Superman.  If you overpowered two of these Amazons
and have a master key, how come you're wearing a leash and you're attached to a
wall?"

	"I had to put all this stuff back on so that I wouldn't be too
noticable."  Scott explained.  "I forged a note from the head Mistress directing
anyone who found me to deliver me here, and one of the guys that found me
checked all my locks to make sure I wouldn't escape.  My wrist cuffs had been
unlocked until I met up with them."

	"Okay, I'm here."  said Ross as he bumped into Scott.

	"If you can get your face near my hands, I can take off the blindfold,
and we can get to work."  Scott said.

	After a bit of bumping and fumbling, Scott removed Ross' blindfold.

	"Now, get the key and let's get out of here!"  Scott said.  "It's hidden
in the front of my underwear."

	"You've got to be joking!"  Ross laughed.

	"Look, I know..."  started Scott.  "This stays strictly between the two
of us.  I don't like it any better than you do.  I certainly didn't plan it this
way, but your hands are in just about the right spot..."

	"Okay, okay, let's get this over with so we can get out."  Ross reasoned
aloud.

	With that, Ross pulled the elastic side of the pouch covering Scott's
privates, and the key fell to the ground.

	"Damn!"  Ross cursed.  "It would actually have been easier if it had
stayed in there.  Now, I have to get down on the ground to get it."

	Ross awkwardly fell to his knees, with his ankles forcibly spread wide. 
Then he flipped over with his feet in the air, like some bizarre break dancer,
and laid down on his back so that his hand fell near the key.  With a little
effort, he managed to grab the key, but found that he couldn't reach any of the
locks.  His ankles were spread too wide, his wrists were held fast to the sides
of the leather belt, and the lock for the belt was in the front center.

	Ross wrestled his way back to his feet.  Then, he slid a chair next to
Scott's position along the wall.  With considerable effort, Ross slithered onto
the chair and slowly stood up using the wall for support.  At that height, Ross'
hands were just about aligned with Scott's wrists.  Stretching precariously
upward, Ross was able to insert the key into the lock connecting Scott's collar
and cuffs.  With a twist of his fingers, Scott was free.  As Scott began to
completely free himself and Ross, the two finalized their escape plan.

	"Okay, you were out there..."  Ross said motioning his head toward the
door.  "Where is the door that leads outside?"

	"I don't have a clue."  Scott replied.  "I can get us back to the room I
was in, but I have no idea how to get outside."

	"If we get caught like this, we're so totally screwed!  I say we head
back to the room you were in and get more information from the two that you tied
up.  Do you think they're still there?"  asked Ross.

	"Oh yeah, they're still there."  Scott answered confidently.  "I bound
them up pretty good.  Besides, if they had escaped, we sure as hell wouldn't be
free.  The head Mistress would have her staff swarming us by now."

	"What about the door alarm?"  Ross asked as he realized that they hadn't
quite thought of everything.

	"That's easy."  Scott replied.  "They only lock the Persuaders on to
prisoners with a history of behavior problems.  We have no track record, so ours
are just buckled on.  I suggest you do what I did.  Remove the batteries, but
keep it on.  It gives them a false sense of security, and give us a slight
advantage."

	"I wouldn't exactly say that we have any advantage."  Ross corrected. 
"Do you think that the alarm also alerts security."

	"We'll have to take that chance."  Reasoned Scott.  "I figure that, like
any alarm system, they have their share of false alarms.  If we turn it off
right after we get out, it probably won't attract any real attention, kind of
like a car alarm."

	With that, they quickly made their way back to Christen's room, hoping
they wouldn't run into anyone along the way.  The trek went suprisingly well. 
They had to change directions only twice to avoid oncoming voices, and although
there was one guy who actually caught a glimpse of them through a partially open
door, they weren't too concerned.  He was attached to a huge "X" and had some
kind of dental apparatus spreading his jaws.

	When they arrived at Christen's room, they were surprised to find the
door ajar, and the lights on.  They cautiously stepped just inside the foyer of
the guest suite and silently locked the door.  Further inside, they could hear
Susan's excited high-pitched voice.  They stayed behind a partial wall that
concealed the foyer from the rest of the suite until they could decide their
next move.

	"I'll get you out as soon as I can find the key."  They heard Susan say.

	"There's always an extra set in the back of the armoire."  Jennie
responded.

	"Shouldn't we at least take off the nipple clips?"  Susan asked in a
muffled voice as she dug through the armoire for the spare set of keys.

	"You know, she's the reason we're here instead of enjoying the evening." 
Jennie replied flatly.  "Another couple of minutes won't kill her."

	Christen moaned.

	"Here they are!"  Susan announced, jingling the extra set of keys.

	"Good.  Now get me out of this so that I can call security."  Ordered
Jennie.

	Russ and Scott exchange knowing glances.  They each knew their window of
opportunity was quickly closing.	 Both men came charging from the foyer
to see Susan inserting the key in Jennie's armbinder.  With the two men
approaching, Susan became a deer in the headlights.  Ross tackled her onto the
bed, while Scott grabbed the keys from her hands and reinserted a ballgag into
Jennie's open mouth.

	Like a flashback to the fraternity party that changed Ross' life, he
grabbed Susan's wrists and flipped her underneath him.  Again, she was no match
for him, but this time he wasn't going to use his necktie to bind her wrists. 
This time, he attached her wrists behind her back with a pair of three-inch
locking leather wrist cuffs that Scott tossed to him from the armoire.  Within
minutes, Susan was completely subdued.  She looked like an advertisement for a
leather factory.

	Susan's ankles were encased by matching leather cuffs and locked to
either side of her bound wrists, creating a nice hogtie.  Her elbows, also
sporting a pair of 3 inch locking leather cuffs, nearly touched, and her knees
were held together by a wide locking strap.  As she struggled against the tight
hogtie, her hair fell nicely accross the four-inch posture collar that Ross
picked out, and her moans were well muffled by the two inch leather plug harness
gag that was locked around her head.  Although Scott offered him a wide leather
blindfold, Ross decided that Susan's eyes were just too lovely to cover up.  So
instead, Ross inserted expanding earplugs into her ears to shut out the world in
a different way.

	For the first time that day, things looked like they were going Ross'
way.  To celebrate, Scott ordered Champaign from room service.  He told the
attendendant over the telephone that Mistress Jennie specifically requested the
services of Charles.




Chapter 13 -The Escape

	The service in Jennie's house surpassed most five-star hotels.  It
seemed like Scott had just hung up the telephone when there was a knock at the
door.  Charles' courteous and respectful "Room service" was unmistakable.  Scott
opened the door and stepped back to allow Charles to enter with his serving
cart.

Charles looked up from the handle of the cart and immediately knew something was
not right.  This was the first time he had ever seen an unbound man in the house
who was not a member of the house staff.

Charles cautiously reached for the remote clipped to his belt, but Scott stopped
him.

	"Charles, wait!"  he said.  "You can press that button any time you
want, but just hear me out."

	"This better be good."  Charles replied, keeping his hand on the remote.

	"I'm sure you find it suspicious and strange that I'm free when only a
half hour ago I was a captive in Mistress Susan's room."  Scott started.

	"I said it had better be good.  You haven't told me anything I don't
already know." Cautioned Charles.

	"Okay.  I'll cut to the chase.  Your boss kidnapped me from my house
this morning and brought me here.  I had never seen her before in my life.  I
want to escape, and I need your help."  Scott blurted out.  "I figured you were
my best bet based on what you told me earlier in the hall."

	"First of all, I'm certain that this is just one of Mistress Jennie's
tests, and second, I never said anything in the hall earlier, understand?" 
Charles said with a nod and a glance down toward the remote.

	"Look, I can prove it to you."  Said Scott, ignoring the empty threat.

	"I doubt it.  How?"  said Charles incredulously.

	"Have you ever seen Mistress Jennie bound and gagged?"  asked Scott
confidently.

	"Yeah, right."  Laughed Charles.

	"Have you ever seen any Mistress in the house bound and gagged?"  Scott
pressed.

	"Enough with the fairy tales.  Move into the other room so that I can
prepare you for Mistress Jennie."  Charles said, clearly tired of being played
the fool.

	"Have it your way."  Said Scott smiling.

	As the two entered the suite from the foyer, Charles almost lost his
balance at the sight of Ross and his trio of captives.  The three women were
putting on a great show.  Each struggling and mmmpfffing like a pulp fiction
damsel.  To increase the dramatic effect, Scott walked over to Jennie and
removed the hood.  Once her eyes adjusted to the light, Jennie's eyes shot
daggers at Charles as she mmpffed orders at him until her face began to turn red
and tears welled up in her eyes.  Charles knew that this was no act.

	After allowing the picture to sink in, Scott laid out his plan.

	"Ross and I can't get out of here without help."  Scott explained.  "You
said earlier that you'd help a guy who wasn't in here voluntarily.  Well, Ross
and I fit that requirement to a tee."

	"Okay, I may have said that, but I also said that I'd have to be certain
I wouldn't be punished."  Charles said finishing Scott's thought.

	"Exactly!"  Scott said.  "With Jennie and her two friends gone, you
wouldn't have to worry about them punishing you."

	"Of course, you would probably want to quit your job"  added Ross.  "But
that's probably not such a bad thing anyway."

	Charles appeared to consider it.

	"What are you going to do with them?" he asked pointing to the women. 
"If you leave them here, they'll just come after you.  Jennie has resources and
connections that you wouldn't believe."

	"Well, we can take them with us.  It isn't any worse than what they did
to us."  Scott answered.

	"Actually, we haven't thought that far ahead."  Ross conceeded.  "I
think I would like to teach them a lesson or two,  but ultimately we'll take
good care of them."

	"If you're really that concerned, you're welcome to come with us and
watch over them." Scott offered.

	"I would, but I've never done anything like this before."  Said Charles
uncertainly.

	Ross laughed.  "Dude!  What do you mean?  You work HERE!"

	"Look, when I signed up for this job, it was to push a cart, but this is
real kidnapping."  He replied in a serious tone.

	They all looked at one another in silence.  Charles finally relented.

	"Okay.  I'm in."

	Ross and Scott immediately began formulating the plan.  They decided
that Charles would go to the supply room and bring back two large laundry carts. 
He would also retrieve matching white uniforms for Ross and Scott, allowing them
to travel about the house less conspicuously.

	Knowing the intimate details of the house, Charles provided the escape
route.  The safest way out of the house was through the parking structure in
back.  Nearly the entire route between Christen's suite and the garage could be
travelled in the hidden service halls, used only by the house staff.  The
parking structure was where everyone parked their car, including Mistress
Jennie.  Ross and Scott could take Jennie and Susan in Jennie's truck, and
Charles would take Christen in his SUV and follow them to Ross and Scott's
house.

	While Charles was gone getting the laundry carts to help hide and
transport the women, Ross and Scott thoroughly searched the suite for anything
else that might assist their escape.  The one problem that they hadn't solved
was how to truly silence the women during the trip between the suite and the
garage.  Even the most effectively gagged captive, could make enough noise to be
heard a few feet away.  Besides, any movement within the laundry carts would be
certain to attract attention.

	Mostly they found restraints and "torture" toys, but under the sink in
the bathroom they found the perverbial cork to plug the hole in their plan:
chloroform.  It wasn't actually "chloroform", but rather some type of designer
derivative.  It came in a little kit along with a mask for administering the
drug, a dosage regulator, and complete instructions for safely, yet effectively,
rendering someone unconcious.  By the time Charles returned, Ross and Scott had
administered enough to keep the ladies sleeping for at least an hour.

	They worked in near silence to pack up the women for the trip to the
garage.  All three women's gags were removed to avoid impairing their breathing. 
Susan and Jennie were placed gently into the canvas bags of the laundry carts. 
Linens were piled on top of them except for the area above their faces.  A
single sheet was used to conceal their heads while minimizing any unnecessary
breathing obstruction.

	Christen was folded into a hogtie and placed on the lower shelf of the
champagne cart.  A sheet naturally covered the entire cart, concealing it's
lovely and previously dangerous contents.

	Ross and Scott wasted no time changing into service personnel, and the
three began to make their way to the garage.  They figured that the first ten
yards would be the most troublesome, but they managed it without incident.  The
parade of white left the suite and went ten yards down the hall.  Charles, using
a key provided only to house personnel, opened an unmarked door that concealed a
vast network of interior halls reserved for the house staff.  Once inside the
service hall, they breathed a collective sigh of relief.  From there, it was
more or less a straight shot to the garage.

	The halls were long and white, not unlike the interior of a hospital. 
Charles lead them to within sight of the garage doors, when Doug, the butler
stepped out from one of the intersecting halls.  He began to cross their path in
front, to continue down the intersecting hall, when he recognized Charles and he
backed up to talk with him.

	"Hey, Charles, did everything work out with the delivery to Mistress
Susan?" Doug asked.

	Scott, bringing up the rear, kept his head down to avoid being
recognized.

	"Yeah, no problem.  Only, no tip, as usual."  Charles answered, trying
to be nonchalante.

	"My shift is up in ten minutes.  Could I catch a ride with you tonight?" 
Doug inquired.  "I'm only a couple of minutes out of your way."

	Thinking quickly, Charles replied "I can't.  I pulled a second shift
teaching the new guys the ropes.  You know that chef's assistant, Missy, that
you're so hot for?  I think her shift ends in ten, as well.  You should bum a
ride off of her.  She lives on the same side of town, and it would give you a
reason to finally talk to her, if you can catch her before she leaves."

	"Excellent idea!  I'm out of here." said Doug excitedly as he began to
turn away.

	Just as Doug took his first step toward the kitchen, Jennie let out a
throaty groan as her chloroform began to faulter.

	"What the hell was THAT?"  Doug asked as he immediately turned 180
degrees to face Charles.

	Ross and Scott almost fainted, but Charles didn't miss a beat.

	"It's Mistress Jennie's version of a 'to-go' order.  That's why they I
ended up with the extra shift.  I'm supposed to show these two newbies how to
load Mistress Jennie's truck."  Charles said gesturing back to Ross and Scott.

	Doug glanced at the laundry bags, then at the clock, then back to
Charles.  To Ross and Scott, time seemed to be moving in slow motion, until Doug
spoke.

	"Bummer.  I've got to run.  You'll have to tell me about this one
tomorrow."  He said as he turned and began to trot toward the kitchen.

	"Well, maybe not tomorrow, but definitely the next time I see you." 
Charles said after him.

	Glancing behind him, Charles picked up the pace and burst through the
door into the garage.  Charles grabbed two sets of keys and a pair of
walkie-talkies from the unmanned valet desk, and tossed one of each to Ross. 
They synchronized the radios to a secure channel while en route to Charles' SUV.

	Ross and Scott then split off from Charles and took their laundry bags
to Mistress Jennie's truck.  All three women were safely loaded and secured when
the two vehicles pulled onto the tree-lined Northbrook street.  As they drove,
Ross, Scott and Charles felt pretty good about the redistribution of power that
was taking place - moving the power from the affluent Northbrook to the
decidedly lower class neighborhoods around the University campus.




Epilogue -

	Monday morning was bright and sunny.  Ross drove his 1984 Volkswagen
Diesel back from his 8:00 Advanced Physiology final exam feeling confident that
he had aced it.  He may not have gotten every answer correct, but he was certain
that he would get the highest grade in the class.  As he turned the corner onto
his street, he saw a police car in his driveway.

	Rather than turn and run, which would look awfully suspicious, he
decided to engage the police like some clever murderer on an old "Columbo"
episode.  He was actually surprised that it took them this long to figure out
that he might be a person worth talking to.  He was, after all, Susan's
heartbroken ex-boyfriend.

	As Ross came through the door from the garage, he went straight into the
living room where he found Scott and two patrolmen.

	"Is something wrong?"  Ross asked.

	"It's Susan." Scott replied.

	"We'll handle this, if you don't mind." Said the first patrolman.  "Are
you Ross Johnson?"

	"Yes."  Ross said nodding.  "What's wrong with Susan?"

	"Where were you last Friday night?" said the patrolman, continuing his
line of questioning.

	"I was here studying for my finals.  Scott was with me all night."  Ross
explained.

	"Anyone else know that you were studying on Friday?"  the patrolman
pressed.

	"Yeah, actually, Susan knew I was studying.  I turned her down for a
date." Ross said.  "I actuallly really wanted to go, but Professor Fox gives
notoriously hard exams.  Now. What's happened to Susan?"

	"She and two of her friends have been missing since Friday evening." 
The second patrolman answered.

	"I knew it was a bad move for her to go to the party alone."  Ross said
looking down and shaking his head.

	Ross and Scott talked with the policemen for about fifteen minutes when
the patrolmen finally ran out of questions.  As they saw the policemen out and
closed the front door, Ross wondered what the girls were doing just then.

	They were each strapped spread eagle to their respective cots in the
basement.  The cool, moist basement air wafting across their nakedness.  Each
girl was gagged and blindfolded, and wearing headphones that provided their
favorite music.  None of the women made a sound because they didn't realize that
help was just a few feet above them.

	"I can't believe that they haven't found Jennie's truck yet." Scott
offered in disbelief.  "You swapped it for your VW Friday night after we
unloaded the girls."

	"Maybe they have found it, but didn't want to divulge that information
for fear that it would compromise the investigation."  Ross reasoned.

	"No matter."  Scott said.  "We're out of here before the day is out."

	"Yeah."  Ross agreed.  "And it won't even attract suspicion since we
gave our landlord notice months ago.  After all, almost everyone leaves campus
for the summer."

	Charles clambered up from the basement.

	"They're still in happy seclusion listening to their music."  Charles
reported.  "Are you certain that we aren't going to have any problems at your
folks' lake house?" he asked Ross.

	"I'm certain.  They are going off to Europe for a month, and they
insisted that I stay there."  Ross replied.  "They expect me to relax after my
grueling semester, and to do some maintenance work on the place."

	Scott chimed in: "Well, I'm sure that the three of us can get more done
than they imagined... and at night, we have our entertainment."

	With that, the three men began packing boxes.  Ross had reserved the
truck for noon, and they could be packed and on the road by three.  The only
question was how to pack the women, but there were so many good alternatives
that they weren't worried.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SwitchMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





