BDSM Library - Low Libido




Low Libido
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fred was dismayed at his wife's confession and resolved to prove she didn't have a low libido. Somehow, things didn't turn out exactly as he planned. A complete story from  the author of Birthday Boy.Low Libido   
By  
Carmenica Diaz   
==||==  
Daphne flicked through her magazine, glancing at the photographs of celebrities
  posed on a first night red carpet and critically examined the gowns. Fred,
  her husband, sat in the other chair, newspaper open at the sports pages and
  spread across his lap.  
Sighing at how unfair it was that the celebrities could afford dieticians
  and personal trainers to keep their weight under control, Daphne turned the
  page and her hazel eyes lit up when she spotted a quiz.  
'Darling,' she said, eyes still on the magazine, 'there's a test here for
  sex.'  
'Sex?' Fred's ears pricked up and he looked over at Daphne 'What about it?'  
'A quiz - Ten Questions to  Spice Up Your
      Sex Life  ,' Daphne said with a laugh. 'It's all rather silly,
      isn't it?'  
Fred cleared his throat. 'Nothing wrong about a bit of spice.'  
Something in his voice made Daphne glance at her husband. 'What are you saying?'  
Fred shifted uncomfortably in his chair, the newspaper rustling loudly. 'I
  suppose all sex lives need some spice now and again.'  
Daphne fixed him with a firm gaze. 'Are you saying our  sex
  life requires spices of some description?'  
'Well&hellip;you know&hellip;what I said...everybody needs spice.' Fred shifted
  again and tried to fold the newspaper. 'It's just another ingredient.  
'I see,' Daphne said and looked back down at her magazine, turning a page
  or two before asking, 'and just how would you add this spice  to
  our sex life?'  
 'I don't know,' he muttered, 'I suppose we could do things.'  
She looked up at him again. 'Things, what sort of things?'  
'Other things...ah&hellip;kinky things.'  
'Kinky things?' Daphne pursed her full lips and asked primly, 'what kinky
  things?'  
'I don't know&hellip;I could tie you up or something&hellip;'  
Daphne laughed. 'Tie me up? So you can climb on me and pump away until you
  spurt? Why on earth would I do that? It would just be like every other time
  except I'd be bloody uncomfortable or it would hurt.'  
Fred flushed. 'You come when we do it&hellip;'  
'You silly billy,' Daphne chortled. 'I don't think there's a woman alive
  who can come after two or three minutes of stimulation.'  
'What&hellip;what are you saying?'  
Daphne returned to her magazine. 'I would have thought it was bleeding obvious.'
  She sighed again and muttered, 'men can be so bloody thick.'  
'What?'  
'I fake it,' Daphne confessed with a sigh.  
Fred gaped at his wife, astounded. 'Why&hellip;why didn't you say something?'  
Daphne shrugged and flicked another page, studying a full-page advertisement
  for a pretty bra. Her eyes narrowed when she saw the largest size was a C.
  It was so difficult to find pretty underwear in the larger sizes.  
'Why didn't you tell me?' Fred repeated.  
'If you couldn't figure it out, you obviously haven't got a clue. I think
  we should both be grateful that I have a low libido. I did a test in Women's
  World  and, apparently, I do have a low sex drive.'  
'Because a bloody magazine says so?' Fred snapped.  
'No,' Daphne said evenly, 'because I haven't orgasmed during sex in five
  years of marriage.'  
Stunned, Fred stared, open mouthed at his wife who calmly smiled at him,
  turned another page and read a recipe for Danish apple crumble.  
'Never?' Fred squeaked at last.  
'No, never,' Daphne said airily. 'As I said, sex is not important to me.'  
'But you have  orgasmed?' Fred persisted. 'I mean, through
  masturbation?'  
Daphne's round face flushed prettily. 'I don't wish to discuss that  ,
  thank you very much,' she said primly.  
'There's nothing wrong with masturbation, darling, everyone does it.' He
  watched her for a moment and then slyly said, 'that could be the spice we need.
  I could watch you masturbate.'  
'Goodness gracious no! That's disgusting!'  
'I didn't think you were such a prude.'  
'Ladies don't do that sort of thing!'  
'Masturbate? Yes, they do, even royalty!'  
'Now, you are being truly disgusting,' Daphne said, standing up. 'I'm going
  to make a cup of tea. Do you want one?'  
Fred nodded sadly, knowing the subject was closed.  
==||==  
Fred managed the electrical department of a large retail store and Daphne
  was a legal secretary at a small firm of solicitors just off the high street
  so they travelled to work each day in one car.  
'I was thinking about the conversation we had yesterday,' Fred said as he
  backed the car out of the gate.  
'That would be a first,' Daphne muttered, glancing out the side window, 'actually
  thinking about a conversation.' She adjusted her skirt and flicked a piece
  of link of the sleeve of her jacket.  
Daphne considered herself to be a little on the plump side and favoured severe
  black business jackets and knee length skirts to hide her shape. The jackets
  were always a little large, and with the minimiser bra, helped to disguise
  her large breasts.  
Fred ignored the jibe. 'I thought you could do some research&hellip;'  
'Research what?' Daphne asked sharply.  
'Different&hellip;er&hellip;spices,' he finished lamely as he steered the
  car down their street.  
'You mean smut!'  
'No, no&hellip;erotica&hellip;'  
'I am not  reading filthy magazines!' Daphne said decidedly.
  'What if someone sees me?'  
'No&hellip;not magazines. You could read stories and things on the internet.'  
'On a computer? I hate  reading on a computer.'  
Fred sighed but decided to persevere. 'Some of the stories are jolly interesting,
  I'm sure you'll enjoy them. Please, Daphne, do it for us?'  
'Us?' Daphne stared at her husband.  
'Well,' he said uncomfortably, 'I feel a little guilty that&hellip;you know...you
  haven't&hellip;'  
'There's nothing to be guilty about, darling. As I said, I have a low libido&hellip;'  
'I'll get a list of internet sites for you. Please, darling?'  
'I don't want to read dirty stuff...'  
' Please?'  
Daphne glanced at her husband's pleading eyes and acquiesced. 'It could be
  interesting, I suppose,' she said dubiously.  
==||==  
Daphne read the list and shook her head while Fred shifted from foot to foot.
  'Some of these names are so  disgusting,' she pronounced,
  finger running down the list. 'What is BDSM?' she asked after a moment.  
'It's&hellip;ah&hellip;a spice?' he adlibbed.  
Her finger travelled further down the list and stopped on a name. 'A woman
  writes this filth?'  
'It's not filth&hellip;yes, women do write erotica.' Fred sighed. This was
  not going at all well.  
'Is she Spanish? I can't read Spanish or Portuguese, you know,' Daphne said
  firmly.  
'No, that's just her pen name. In fact, she's English; lives in London.'  
'How do you know?' Daphne asked suspiciously.  
'It's in her biography. Let me show you her webpage.'  
Daphne followed Fred into the study and sat next to Fred as he opened the
  webpage. Leaning forward to look, she exclaimed, 'goodness, she has written
  an awful lot! Can I use the mouse? I get giddy watching someone else.'  
This  , thought Fred, is a breakthrough  and
  immediately got out of the chair. 'Please do, darling.'  
Daphne settled in the chair and clicked her way around the page. 'The pictures
  are a bit naughty,' she said, flushing. 'My goodness, she sells this stuff?'  
'Ah&hellip;yes&hellip;but it's very good&hellip;'  
'How do you know?'  
'Ah&hellip;I bought some&hellip;rather a lot, actually&hellip;'  
'You spent our  money on this filth? I am surprised,
  Frederick, I really am&hellip;'  
'Wait, it's quite cheap&hellip;'  
'Cheap? How cheap?'  
'About four Euros per book. I can print them off for you and you can read
  them in comfort. I could even put them in a folder for you so nobody will know
  what you're reading.' Fred stared anxiously at his wife and waited.  
Daphne clicked on a book cover and stared at the synopsis. 'All right,' she
  said slowly, 'print one and I'll try to get around to reading it.'  
==||==  
Fred printed all the books, punched holes in each page and inserted them
  in a fat office folder. He nodded approvingly as the pages now appeared as
  innocent as minutes from a meeting of a women's charity group.  
Daphne read the first chapter of one of the books and immediately knew the
  author was  a woman. Written in a friendly and gossipy
  way with a sharp bitchy element that made her giggle at the sheer stupidity
  of men, Daphne found that she thoroughly enjoyed it.  
It also gave her ideas.  
==||==  
'Darling,' Daphne began at dinner, 'I agree that we should try to add some
  spice.'  
Fred's head jerked up. 'Spice?'  
'Yes,' she said sweetly, 'perhaps I don't have a low libido. We should try
  to find out, shouldn't we?'  
'Yes,' rushed Fred, 'yes, of course. What did you have in mind?'  
'I don't know this kinky stuff as well as you, darling so you  suggest
  something.'  
'Well,' he said slowly, I could tie you up&hellip;'  
'No, we discussed that, remember?'  
Fred nodded and sighed. 'Yes, we did but I have a pair of fur-lined handcuffs,'
  he added quickly, 'so it would  be comfortable.'  
Daphne blinked at him, trying not to giggle. 'Fur-lined handcuffs? Why on
  earth would anyone make&hellip;oh never mind. Why do you have them?'  
'I thought you might&hellip;want to&hellip;you know&hellip;spice,' he finished
  lamely.  
Daphne pretended to think. 'I know,' she said innocently, 'why don't I tie you  up?'  
==||==  
Fred lay naked on the bed with arms handcuffed to the iron bed head, the
  bedroom lit by several candles. Daphne emerged from the bathroom in a black
  lace chemise, stretched against her large breasts that were threatening to
  spill free at any moment. The matching knickers, cut high at the thigh, enhanced
  her wide bottom and rounded stomach.  
Fred responded with an instant erection and Daphne nodded approvingly, thinking
  it was worth the thirty minutes in the bathroom.  
'You are  glad to see me,' she giggled as she clambered
  onto the bed. 'You are my prisoner,' Daphne whispered, kissing Fred hard and
  he could taste the Gin on her lips, mixed with cherry lipstick.  
They kissed for several minutes, which was a first for them both as Fred
  usually only kissed for thirty seconds before mounting his wife. Now, of course,
  that was impossible and Daphne took advantage of his immobilisation, hungrily
  kissing him repeatedly.  
He moaned as her fingers brushed his straining cock and murmured, 'climb
  on top, darling.'  
'I intend to,' Daphne whispered slyly and slipped astride her husband's chest.
  Fred stared at the taut black lace covering Daphne's mound as she moved closer
  and closer to his face.  
'I think it's time for a little spice,' she whispered, moving so her knees
  were on either side of Fred's head. Emboldened by the gin, Daphne pulled the
  crotch of her knickers aside and moved closer. 'You can give kitty a little
  kiss.'  
Fred stared at the downy covered pussy that was inches from his face, the
  plump lips pouting and glistening in the flickering candlelight.  
'Darling&hellip;we've never&hellip;I've never done&hellip;'  
Daphne giggled. 'Time to start, darling but be gentle. You do  want
  me to come, don't you?' She wriggled forward and Fred could smell her musky
  aroma.  
'Yes,' he mumbled, 'of course&hellip;'  
'Perhaps I do  have a low libido after all,' she pouted,
  'and this is a waste of time?'  
Fred sighed, moved his head forward and puckered his lips. Daphne sighed
  contentedly as his warm lips brushed against her and shivered when his tongue
  timidly licked.  
Daphne kept him at it for ten minutes or so and then, feeling deliciously
  moist and warm, wriggled down her husband's body, stood up and removed her
  knickers before sliding down onto his hard cock.  
Slowly, eyes fixed on a flickering candle, Daphne began to grind against
  Fred while occasionally moving up and down on his cock. For the first time,
  Daphne thought she could actually come!  
Fred shuddered, groaned and came.  
Daphne stopped and stared down at him. 'You spurted?'  
He turned his face away from her accusatory eyes and mumbled, 'I couldn't
  help it, you were so sexy&hellip;'  
'Oh, it's my  fault, is it?' Daphne slipped off his
  wilting cock and scooped up her knickers.  
 'Fine!' The bathroom door slammed and Fred sighed again. He rattled the
  handcuffs and wondered how long Daphne would be in the bathroom as he was a
  little uncomfortable.  
==||==  
'Can you come to the store after work? There's a small function for employees
  and partners.'  
'What for?' Daphne asked coolly.  
'The new store manager wants to meet everyone.'  
'Should I change?' Daphne was wearing one of her usual stern business outfits &ndash; charcoal
  grey skirt and jacket, a sky blue blouse and grey hose &ndash; and she examined
  herself in the bedroom mirror.  
Fred looked at his wife and shook his head. 'No, you look fantastic.'  
'Not too sexy for you?' she said icily, tying her hair back.  
'Darling,' Fred said after a moment, 'I'm sorry about last night.' He slipped
  his arms around her and kissed her throat. 'You are very sexy and it was a
  new situation&hellip;'  
Daphne melted in his arms. 'Do you really think I'm sexy?'  
'Definitely.'  
'Darling,' Daphne said, turning to look up at Fred, 'I thought you wanted
  to add some spice&hellip;'  
'I do! And I want you to orgasm. I'll try harder, I really will.'  
'I'll do some more research,' Daphne said as she stepped into her black high
  heels. 'Perhaps there are some ideas in those stories.'  
==||==  
'And who are you?'  
Daphne turned, nursing her glass of water and looked up at the tall man who
  grinned down at her. 'I'm sorry?' she said coolly.  
'You don't work here,' he said gesturing at the conference room crowded with
  store employees and some partners. 'I would have remembered you.'  
Fred appeared beside Daphne with a fresh lager and smiled. 'Andy, this is
  Daphne, my wife. Andy,' Fred said warningly to Daphne, 'is the new store manager.'  
'Oh,' Daphne smiled brightly, 'lovely to meet you.'  
Andy nodded, his eyes fixed on Daphne and smiled. 'Daphne; what a lovely
  name.' He held her eyes for a moment and then looked around at the room. 'Right,
  I'd better make a speech or two.' He smiled again and walked away.  
'He seems nice,' Daphne said, sipping her water.  
'Appearances can be deceiving,' Fred muttered. 'He's been sent to fix the
  store, to make sure we meet the revenue targets and he's got a reputation as
  a tough bloke.'  
Daphne watched across the room as Andy shook hands with a man and said something
  to the woman beside him. 'What does his wife say about that?' she murmured.
  'I bet he's not tough at home.'  
Fred frowned. 'I don't think he's married but I think we're in for a rough
  time.'  
Andy tapped a glass with a spoon and the room fell silent. He began his speech
  and he was very eloquent, so much so that Daphne was enthralled, especially
  when he explained how he believed a motivated workforce always provided the
  best results.  
She listened avidly as he explained his theory of motivation and, in the
  back of her  mind, Daphne began to formulate her own theory.
  Motivation was, she decided, the key!  
==||==  
Two weeks later, Fred lay naked on the bed with arms handcuffed to the bed
  head and resolved that this time, he would control himself and not ejaculate
  before Daphne orgasmed. Again, candles spluttered on the dressing table and
  cast the bedroom in a flickering light as he waited for Daphne to emerge from
  the bathroom.  
The door opened and Daphne emerged, dressed in apricot coloured baby doll
  nightie and Fred watched her breasts bounce as she walked seductively to the
  bed.  
'You're beautiful,' he breathed and his cock rose in salutation.  
This time, Daphne did not see it as a compliment and frowned at his erection.
  'You're not going to spurt again, are you?'  
'No,' he said hurriedly as his cock twitched, 'I am going to try very hard
  not to do that.'  
 Daphne sat on the edge of the bed and smiled down at him, her fingers trailing
  over his chest. 'I've been doing a lot of research,' she said softy and leaned
  down to kiss him for a long sexy minute. 'A lot of research, darling,' she
  whispered when she broke the kiss, 'and I don't think I'll be able to come
  with you inside me.'  
'But&hellip;'  
'Shush, darling.' Daphne kissed him again and his cock was jumping when she
  released him. 'I won't be able to relax and concentrate as I'll be worried
  you're going to spurt and finish before I've reached the top.'  
'But, I'll&hellip;'  
'I think I'll be able to relax if you're kissing my hoo-hoo like last time.'  
He stared at her blankly. 'Do&hellip;that until you&hellip;until you orgasm?  
Daphne nodded, her breasts jiggling in the sheer apricot baby doll and smiled.
  'I think it will work, darling.'  
'It could take a long time&hellip;'  
'Nothing worthwhile ever comes easily,' Daphne said with no thought of a
  pun, 'but when I do we'll know I definitely don't have a low libido and we'll
  be able to do lots of other naughty spicy things.'  
'I don't know if I could go that long&hellip;'  
'I know, darling,' Daphne said and kissed him again. 'I know it could be
  difficult and you might just want to give up so I think you need motivation.'  
Fred watched as she bounced over to the drawers, removed an object and sat
  down on the bed again. 'Those stories gave me loads of ideas but I think this
  one is the best.' Daphne dangled a metal tube with in front of his eyes. 'It's
  amazing what you can buy these days. Say hello to your chastity belt.'  
Fred's eyes bulged. 'My what! Daphne&hellip;'  
'It will motivate you to help me, I know it will.' Daphne said earnestly,
  eyes wide.  
'But&hellip;a chastity belt?'  
Aghast, Fred stared at his wife who smiled proudly at him. 'It's a marvellous
  idea and that woman who writes those stories seems to use them an awful lot.'  
'But&hellip;how long would it stay on&hellip;I mean&hellip;'  
'Until I have had a delicious orgasm with you!' Daphne kissed him sweetly
  and smiled, hr breasts pushing against his chin. 'I do  so
  want to have an orgasm with you, darling. It would be wonderful. Unless,' Daphne
  said slowly, looking at him though her eyelashes, 'you don't want me to.'  
'Of course I want you to but&hellip;a chastity belt&hellip;is it painful?'  
'Only when your dickie gets a stiffy,' Daphne said sweetly. 'Look,' she said
  pointing at his now flaccid cock, 'it's gone all wormy so I can put it on.'  
Horrified, Fred watched as his wife threaded his cock through the tube and
  locked the connecting ring behind his testicles. His cock was now imprisoned
  in metal and forced to point downwards.  
'Now,' Daphne said with a wink, 'dickies all locked away.'  
'But&hellip;when&hellip;where's the key?'  
'I have the key in a safe place,' Daphne said, scooting up onto his chest.
  'Look, darling,' she said as her knees dropped on either side of his head,
  'no knickers.'  
==||==  
After almost thirty minutes, Daphne frowned and sat back, removing her pussy
  from Fred's wet face.  
'It's no use,' she said as she swung her legs over Fred and sat on the edge
  of the bed. 'It's just not working. It's that bloody low libido of mine!'  
'I can keep trying, darling,' Fred said urgently but Daphne shook her head.  
'No, I've lost the mood.' She stood up and walked towards the bathroom.  
'What about me?' Fred called after her, rattling the handcuffs  
'I'll undo you in a moment, after I go to the loo.'  
'What about the chastity thing?'  
Daphne turned and frowned at Fred. 'I didn't come, darling so why should
  you? Consider it to be a motivational aid.'  
Fred gulped as Daphne shut the bathroom door and he scowled at the metal
  tube that imprisoned his aching cock.  
==||==  
'Darling,' Fred asked plaintively, 'how long do I have to wear this thing?'  
'You know very well. I really don't like repeating myself,' she said sharply.
  'Next time we try, if I'm successful in orgasming, I'll take it off for you
  after that.'  
'But it hurts!'  
'You are such  cry baby!' Daphne sighed and patted her
  husband's arm. 'When I'm in the mood&hellip;'  
'But when will you be in the mood to try?' Fred whined.  
Daphne shrugged. 'I don't know darling, it's simply awful when you have a
  low libido.' She sighed again and shook her head sadly.  
==||==  
'Hello again,' Andy said and Daphne looked up. 'It's Daphne, isn't it?'  
Daphne nodded and smiled coyly. 'And it's Andy? Do you always approach women
  in the lingerie department?'  
'Only beautiful ones,' he said with a wink and Daphne blushed. 'I am  the
  manager so I like to talk to customers about ways we can improve. Are you meeting
  your husband?'  
'No, I'm just doing a spot of shopping in my lunch hour.'  
'So,' he asked in a teasing tone, 'how can we improve the lingerie department?'  
Daphne giggled. 'I'm sure it's all perfectly nice. You appear very comfortable
  here; most men run a mile rather than shop for knickers.'  
'I'm very comfortable around women's knickers,' Andy said with another wink
  and Daphne laughed aloud.  
'You are a terrible tease. There is one thing you could do,' she said suddenly,
  'to improve the department.'  
'Please tell me, Madam,' he said with an exaggerated bow and Daphne laughed
  again.  
'There never seems to be pretty or sexy bras in&hellip;well&hellip;the bigger
  sizes.'  
'Bigger sizes?' He raised an eyebrow and his eyes dropped to Daphne's chest
  and then quickly up again. 'What sizes are you particularly referring to?'  
Daphne blushed and lowered her eyes. 'Double D.'  
His eyes travelled south again and then smiled broadly. 'Really? I will look
  into it immediately.'  
They chatted for a few more minutes and Daphne was feeling quite warm by
  the time she returned to her office.  
==||==  
Fred had another uncomfortable day with his poor cock struggling futilely
  to gain erection every time he saw a pretty woman in the store. It was awful.  
He met Daphne at the car and they drove home in silence, his cock squirming
  when he glanced at his wife's legs as she left the car.  
'I ran into your boss today,' Daphne suddenly said. 'He's very nice.'  
'He's a bastard,' Fred said as he unlocked the front door, 'and a real demanding
  prick!'  
Daphne didn't seem to hear him and, standing in the corridor, she smiled,
  dropping her handbag and keys on the hall table. 'Darling,' Daphne said in
  a husky voice, 'why don't we go upstairs? I think I'm in the mood.'  
Fred didn't have to be told twice and scampered up the stairs, stripping
  his clothes off as he went while Daphne walked sedately behind him.  
He was naked on the bed, the handcuffs lying beside him when Daphne walked
  in. 'You are quick, aren't you,' she said with a small smile and handcuffed
  his hands to the bed head. Daphne smiled down at his imprisoned cock. 'Has
  that been awful for you?'  
'Terrible,' Fred whined, 'I really want it off.'  
'Of course you do,' Daphne said, patting his stomach and gently kissing him.  
He waited anxiously as Daphne readied herself in the bathroom. Dressed in
  a pink chemise and no knickers, she examined her face in the mirror. He
  did say I was beautiful  , she thought, and he's so tall!
  And those big hands!  Daphne shivered at the thought of Andy's big
  hand son her body and opened the door.  
She didn't bother with candles or kissing &ndash; just climbed astride her
  husband and settled her pussy against his willing face. Sighing, Daphne cupped
  her breasts and closed her eyes as his tongue tentatively began to lick.  
'Yes,' she breathed, 'that's nice...a little faster...no...softer.'  
Fred heard the instructions faintly as her thighs were pressed against his
  face and his entire world consisted of his wife's pussy while his cock protested
  against the tube.  
Daphne kept her eyes tightly closed, imaging Andy's big hands squeezing her
  boobies while she tugged at her nipples. Fred's hot tongue was sliding against
  her with an insistent and subtle rhythm. Soon, she was moaning.  
'Oh god, yes! That's it...push it in...now lick my clit...faster...god!'  
Even though his jaws were aching and his tongue tired, Fred persisted as
  he heard his wife's moans become louder and more excited. She's going
  to come  , he thought wildly as he licked, she is going
  to come!   
'Ooooooh yes!' Daphne's head spilt backwards, her mouth open with joy as
  she came with a blinding rush on her husband's face.  
Slowly, she regained her breath and her composure. Smiling wearily down at
  her exhausted husband, Daphne slowly slid off him and kissed him softly. 'You're
  all gooey,' she giggled and unlocked his handcuffs.  
'What about that?' Fred asked, pointing at the chastity tube that enclosed
  his cock.  
'I left the key at the office, darling,' Daphne said, giving him a hot kiss.
  'I'll bring it home tomorrow. That was very delicious; you're a genius.'  
Fred miserably watched his wife wiggle to the bathroom and grimaced as his
  cock pulsed vainly in the chastity tube.  
==||==  
Daphne answered the telephone and was surprised when a deep male voice boomed
  down the line. 'Daphne? It's Andy. How are you?'  
Daphne cautiously looked around the office at the other clerks. 'I'm fine,
  thank you.'  
'I looked into that problem you raised with me...'  
'Problem?'  
'Lack of sexy bras in the larger sizes?'  
Daphne flushed. 'Ah, yes...'  
'I spoke to the buyer about it and she told me that a collection of French
  bras and knickers for larger sizes arrived this morning. I haven't seen them
  but she told me they were very sexy.'  
'Well...thank you but...'  
'Why don't you pop in at lunchtime? I've left instructions that you should
  receive a handsome discount if you decide to purchase something.'  
'This is very nice of...'  
'Don't mention it,' Andy said briskly, 'just consider it good customer service.'  
==||==  
Immediately Daphne and Fred returned home from their respective jobs, Fred
  was ready and waited naked on the bed as his wife handcuffed his hands to their
  usual position. 'Why do you have to handcuff me?' he whined and she smiled.  
'Motivation, darling, the experiment isn't over yet just because of one orgasm.'  
Daphne rummaged in her hand bag and returned with the key to the chastity
  tube and carefully began to unlock it. Fred expected Daphne to slip into the
  bathroom as usual but, she surprised him and calmly sat on the edge of the
  bed, still dressed in her business attire. It was a little embarrassing to
  be naked while she was fully dressed but he desperately wanted to come.  
His cock began to blossom into a full erection when Daphne crossed her legs
  and undid three buttons of her coffee coloured silk blouse.  
Her small hand closed around his now hard cock and slowly began to slide
  up and down its length, making small slurping noises.  
'Does that feel nice, darling,' she cooed, leaning forward and Fred could
  see fine black lace cupping her large breasts. Daphne pushed her breasts forward
  and smiled seductively. 'I have a new bra, can you see the lace?'  
'Yes,' he moaned as her hand moved faster and faster. 'Please,' he croaked,
  'let's make love.'  
Daphne gently squeezed his cock and smiled. 'I'm not in the mood, darling
  and it would be all messy and stuff. This is better. Unless,' she pouted, 'you
  don't like it?' Her hand froze and Fred blinked, suddenly worried she might
  stop.  
'I like it,' he groaned and Daphne began to pick up the rhythm until he was
  arcing back under her hand, his body rigid as he was on the verge of coming.  
'That's the boy,' Daphne soothed as her hand travelled up and down his slick
  rigid cock, 'do a big spurt! Come on, there's a love!'  
Fred groaned and ejaculated mightily while Daphne giggled with the excitement.
  After a moment, she released his shrinking cock , retrieved a warm wash cloth
  from the bathroom and lovingly cleaned him up.  
'Was that nice?'  
'Yes,' Fred said softly, very nice.'  
'Good,' Daphne smiled as she began to put the chastity tube back on.  
'Does that have to go back on?' he whined and Daphne nodded firmly.  
'I'd love a nice orgasm like you just had and you need the motivation.'  
Daphne locked the chastity tube, dropped the key into her handbag and unlocked
  one of the hand-cuffs. 'I'll let you undo the other one, darling,' she said,
  walking quickly out of the door, 'I have to go out for a little while; to take
  the key back to the office.'  
Fred struggled with the handcuffs and then rushed naked through the house
  but Daphne had vanished. He peered around the drapes on the window in the front
  room and saw the red taillights of a car turning the corner at the far end
  of the street.  
==||==  
Daphne didn't seem to be in the mood for the next few days, although Fred's
  motivation increased as his cock tried to rebel against the tube. 'I'm willing
  to try again,' he said desperately after three days.'  
'That's sweet, darling but I don't really feel inclined.'  
'But...your low libido? Don't you want to establish whether or not...'  
'Of course darling,' Daphne said, patting his arm, 'but I still have to be
  in the mood. Maybe another night.'  
==||==  
A week slipped by and then a nervous Daphne sat Fred down and sat opposite
  him, twisting her fingers.  
'Darling, I have something to tell you.'  
'What?' Fred said, staring at Daphne's knees and trying to ignore his squirming
  cock.  
'I've become very attracted to another man...'  
Fred sat bolt upright. 'You haven't!'  
'Yes, he's very sexy and I get all warm and weak when I'm around him...'  
'You slept with him?' Fred demanded hotly.  
'No...no...but I have let him kiss me and hold my boobies through my blouse...'  
'What! Who is this bloke? I'll kill him...'  
'It's...uh...it's Andy,' Daphne said softly, head down, 'your boss.'  
Fred sank back in his chair, his head reeling with this explosion of bad
  news! His boss!  Andy was tall and built like a Rugby
  player &ndash; Fred would be no match for him &ndash; and he was his boss!  
'I'm sorry, darling,' Daphne wailed, 'but I can't help it. I almost orgasmed
  when he kissed me!'  
'Right,' said Fred, standing up and glaring at his wife, 'get the bloody
  key and get this thing off me! Get it off now!'  
Daphne stared miserably at the table. 'I can't.'  
'You can't? Why not?'  
'You see, I kind of told Andy about it, just for a bit of a giggle and...'  
'You told Andy!' Fred sank back down, his face white as he, somehow guessed
  what was coming.  
'He thought it was funny and then he asked for the key...'  
'You didn't!' Fred gasped. 'Don't tell me...'  
'I gave it to him.'  
'Oh,' Fred whispered.  
'And he wants to see you tomorrow morning at the store.'  
==||==  
Red faced, Fred tapped on the door to Andy's office. Andy beamed nonchalantly
  at him and beckoned him to come in. 'Close the door, old man,' Andy said and
  Fred silently closed it.  
'Look...Andy...' Fred stumbled and Andy held up a hand.  
'You're in a bit of a bind, aren't you? I have the key in a safe place and
  your cock is locked up tightly. Or so Daphne says. Let me see it,' he said
  calmly and Fred gasped.  
'But...here...'  
'I could just throw the key away, old man,' he said calmly. 'Don't tempt
  me. Now,' he said firmly, 'drop your trousers so I can see if this is true
  or some little story concocted by Daphne's fertile imagination.'  
Fred knew he had no choice and quickly dropped his trousers and red faced,
  pulled his underpants down.  
Andy examined it with a slight grimace. 'Looks nasty. Does it hurt when your
  try to get hard?' Fred nodded dumbly. 'Right, pull them back up and let's discuss
  this man to man.'  
'Look, Andy...'  
'Fred, shut the fuck up when I'm talking,' Andy said calmly and Fred shut
  is mouth with a gulp. 'I have the key to your only source of sexual enjoyment
  and I would say that you should pay very close attention when I'm speaking.
  Now, I'm going to shag your wife. She's a voluptuous and extremely succulent
  sex machine. She's so ripe I think she'll explode when I first fuck her. You
  will do nothing about that, in fact you will  support
  her and do nothing to make her feel guilty!'  
'This is...'  
'You will also achieve your weekly revenue targets. Do those things and I
  may let you free willy every now and again.'  
Horrified, Fred gaped at Andy as the enormity of his situation sunk in.  
'I'm not joking, Fred,' Andy smiled calmly at him. 'I think you understand.
  Now, get back to work.'  
==||==  
Two weeks later.   
'Darling,' Daphne called as she walked up the stairs, 'I'm home. Are you
  ready?' She waited on the stairs until she heard Fred call faintly from the
  bedroom.  
'Yes, I'm ready.'  
'As instructed?'  
'Yes.'  
Daphne sighed and began walking up the stairs, her high heels rapping on
  the steps. She could tell by his sullen voice that Fred wasn't happy. We
  all have to make compromises  , she thought, it's how
  we get through life.   
Fred was naked and chained by his ankles to the bed. The key to the ankle
  cuffs was hanging on the doorknob as instructed.  Andy thought of
  everything  , she smiled to herself, he's so smart!   
Still dressed in her business clothes, she sat on the edge of the bed and
  smiled at Fred. 'How was your day?' Fred scowled and shrugged but Daphne pretended
  not to notice. 'Andy said your department achieved the revenue target so that's
  good news.'  
Using the key, Daphne unlocked the chastity tube and Fred sighed with relief,
  his cock surging into hardness. 'So, how do we want to do this?' Daphne asked
  brightly.  
'Can we make love?' he asked sullenly but Daphne shook her head.  
'I don't think so, darling, I'm not in the mood and, honestly, I don't think
  I would feel you inside me after Andy's huge trouser snake. How about I wank
  you and you can look at my pussy?'  
'But...'  
'Or you can just wank yourself?'  
'No...no...all right, you can wank me.'  
'How nice of you to give me permission,' Daphne said sarcastically, standing
  up.  
Fred stared as his wife reached under her skirt and wriggled out of her knickers
  that she dropped on the bed beside Fred. He saw they were burgundy coloured
  with a dark lace band.  
'Some more new knickers,' Daphne said conversationally and then giggled,
  her fingers to her mouth. 'Andy doesn't want me to call them knickers anymore,
  says it's not sexy so I have to say panties  .'  
Daphne pulled her skirt around her waist and sat on the bed, her crotch exposed
  to Fred's wide eyes. His cock twitched with his pulse as he stared at her pussy
  and noticed she was wearing stockings and that her public hair was carefully
  trimmed. Longingly, he stared at the puffy lips and wanted to feel his cock
  sink into her.  
'Can I touch it?' he croaked, pleading with his eyes but Daphne shook her
  head.  
'Afraid not, darling, Andy wouldn't like that. He's quite possessive, you
  know,' she confided. 'He may even get angry that I've shown you kitty and only
  let me show you my knickers in future...I mean, panties!'  
'Then don't tell the bastard!'  
'I can't lie,' Daphne said primly. 'What do you take me for!'  
Fred groaned and licked his lips, staring at her pussy and Daphne obligingly
  parted her thighs a little more.  
Smiling brightly, Daphne slipped her fingers around his cock and began to
  gently tug. T his won't take long,  she thought, he
  doesn't last as long as Andy  .  
Dreamily, she closed her eyes as she masturbated her husband and remembered
  the first time Andy pushed his enormous cock into her. God, I felt
  so full! I almost came when his muscular body touched my clit! So strong and
  hard but he holds me so gently while he slowly fucks me deeply.   
Fred groaned and Daphne opened her eyes, sensing her husband was about to
  come. 'That's the boy,' she cooed encouragingly, 'look at kitty and spurt.
  Do you see her, darling? Do you? Do you remember what she tastes like?'  
Fred groaned again and his entire body went rigid. Daphne began jerking vigorously,
  all the time repeating her soft mantra, 'come on, darling, look at kitty, spurt
  for her. You know you want to. This could be your last look; it might be knickers
  only from now on!'  
With an almighty shudder, Fred grunted and ejaculated as Daphne continued
  to milk him. 'All done,' she said brightly. Quickly, she shimmed her skirt
  down, popped her knickers &ndash; no  , she corrected
  herself, panties  &ndash; into her handbag and retrieved
  a warm wash cloth from the bathroom.  
Fred watched as she cleaned him up and began to push his shrunken cock back
  into the tube.  
'Don't, Daphne,' he said in a stricken voice, 'you don't have to put it back
  on! Please don't!'  
Daphne looked up and smiled calmly at him. 'I have to, darling, I promised.'
  Fred heard the click and his head sank back onto the pillows and he stared
  up at the ceiling.  
==||==  
One Month Later   
'Hello Fred,' Andy said as he breezed into the house. 'You're close to getting
  the revenue so that's good news.'  
Fred grumpily shut the front door and, for the millionth time, wished he
  could think of a way out of his predicament.  
'I'll have a whisky sour, old man,' Andy said as he walked into the living
  room. 'Here she is,' he exclaimed and Fred moodily watched as Andy hungrily
  kissed Daphne.  
'Phew!' Daphne said as she broke from the kiss, obviously flustered and she
  patted her hair. 'I don't know how you do that to me.'  
Andy smiled proudly and then frowned when he saw Fred standing in the doorway.
  'What about that drink, old man? One for you, sweetie?' he asked Daphne.  
'I'll have a gin, darling,' she called to Fred who, sulkily walked to the
  liquor cabinet.  
'I wish you wouldn't call him that,' Andy said.  
'What else can I call him? He is  my husband.'  
'I don't know, anything but that.'  
'What would you like me to call you?' Daphne asked brightly when Fred returned
  with the drinks.  
'I don't care,' he said sulkily.  
'Well, you're  a grumpy boots today,' Daphne said with
  a roll of her eyes as she took the glass. 'I think he wanted to spurt this
  week,' she confided to Andy.  
'Should have hit the revenue target, old man,' Andy said cheerfully and then
  sipped his drink.  
'You increased the bloody targets!' Fred hissed.  
'We can't have static sales,' Andy said mildly, 'you should know that.'  
Fred slumped in the opposite chair and scowled.  
Andy looked around the living room. 'Where's the television set I gave you,
  sweetie?'  
'In my bedroom,' Daphne said. 'Fred's got the old one in his  bedroom.'  
'What about those satin sheets I gave you?' Andy asked with a lewd wink and
  Daphne blushed.  
'They're on the bed,' she said in a low voice, eyes down.  
'Can't wait to see how your white skin looks against the black satin.'  
Andy grinned at Daphne's red face and looked over at the miserable Fred.
  'This is quite a problem for you, isn't it? I don't think there's a way out.
  Just how did you allow this to happen?'  
'He was trying to establish whether I have a low libido,' Daphne explained
  brightly and Andy spluttered in his drink.  
'Low libido? You're the randiest slut I've ever had! Jesus, I just have to
  put my hand up your skirt and tickle your inner thighs,' Andy said with a broad
  grin at the glowering Fred. 'And what happens when I do that, my little slut?'  
Daphne's face was bright red and she stared down at the floor while Fred
  blinked rapidly. Despite the shame and humiliation, his cock was twisting and
  pulsing in the cock tube as he stared at Daphne's nylon covered legs.'  
'I get all squishy,' she admitted in a soft voice.  
Andy put his arm around her and smiled. 'I bet you're wet now. Aren't you?'  
Daphne snuggled close to Andy, her hand on his leg and she smiled up at him.
  'Yes,' she said in a husky voice, 'my panties are soaked!'  
Fred stood up and was about to storm off when Daphne said suddenly, 'I know,
  I'll call him Freddy!'  
Quivering with humiliation and sexual frustration, Fred walked to the door
  as Andy called after him, 'I hope you get the revenue target, Freddy, I really
  do.'  
The door slammed.  
'Low libido,' Andy chuckled, draining his drink. 'What rubbish!'  
==||==  
Email comments welcome.  
http://www.cafeboudoir.com/carmenicadiaz.htm   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





