BDSM Library - Linda and Miss Helen




Linda and Miss Helen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman tired of submitting to an online Mistress decides to make the move to real life submission. This is the story of their developing relationship.Warning:  
This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of explicit sexual
  acts of a bdsm nature between two or more women and occasionally men. If this
  type of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.  
MF/mf, enema, exhibition, toys, BDSM, slavery, chastity belt, humiliation.  
Author's Note:  
This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded for personal
  reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you wish to repost them at
  your own site, please contact the author for permission.  
&copy;2005 nic_victor All Rights Reserved.  
Please mail to: nicole_vic@yahoo.com if
  you have suggestions for future chapters. 
  
Linda and Miss Helen &ndash; Part 1  
Part 1 &ndash; The Mall   
 
   
    The Car-park  
   
 
Linda waited patiently in the car as the e-mail had told her to. She was on
  the lowest sub-basement of the car-park, at the back beside the pump room.
  She had come wearing exactly what she had been told. White blouse, top three
  buttons undone, black mini-skirt, black hold-up stockings and red stiletto
  sandals with four inch heels. She had also received instructions to shave armpits
  and pussy closely and to make sure there was no stubble in her pussy at all.
  To ensure this she had had a warm bath and used a three-blade razor with clear
  shaving gel. She had gone over the whole pussy twice and was sure there was
  no stubble to be found anywhere, she had then dried off carefully and applied
  balm to keep the pussy smooth and soft. The whole process had made her hot
  and she had wanted to rub herself really badly, however she was sure her Mistress
  would not approve and that she would be found out and punished if she did,
  so she quickly left the bathroom and busied herself with other things lest
  temptation got the better of her. As soon as she parked she took out of the
  glove box the two pairs of handcuffs that had come in that morning&rsquo;s
  mail plus the two metal clamps packed with them. They didn&rsquo;t look like
  cruel clamps; the biting edge covered in hard rubber with short rounded teeth.
  She opened her blouse and played with her nipples till they were both stiff
  and engorged. She then put the clamps on both nipples exactly as described
  in the e-mail. She gasped as each clamp exerted its pressure on her sensitive
  nubs, when they were both on she joined them with the short chain also supplied,
  this hung slightly below her tits. As soon as this was done she cuffed her
  left hand to the steering wheel; carefully using this hand she placed the other
  cuff on her right wrist, threw the keys out of the window then cuffed it to
  the steering wheel too. She was now past the point of no return, she could
  not undo what she had done but had to sit patiently; and nervously; waiting
  for her mysterious Mistress Helen to turn up and finally take actual real-life
  control of her as opposed to the hitherto online control she was used to. An
  hour passed and no-one came. Only one car had even ventured to these far reaches
  of the mall car-park, a sleek dark green Jaguar convertible, it slowed down
  and she could have sworn someone looked at her from inside the dark confines
  of the car, its top up, but it just drove away. The clamps were more serious
  than she had thought, her nipples were quite numb and she was feeling the effects
  of the three litres of cola she had been instructed to drink before driving
  here. Another half hour went by and the pain in her lower belly was beginning
  to become unbearable, she was sure she would not be able to hold it anymore
  and would disgrace herself soon if not released. Fifteen more minutes passed
  and she had to make a conscious effort not to wet herself. Just then she noticed
  a striking figure walking towards her car. She must have been nearly six feet
  tall with long flowing jet-black hair. She was about thirty five and wore a
  black leather skirt to just below the knees, tight white T-shirt and a black
  blazer. She had knee high stiletto-heeled boots over nearly black stockings.
  There wasn&rsquo;t a spare ounce of fat on her from what Linda could see. The
  woman stopped beside the driver&rsquo;s door and smiled at Linda. This must
  be Mistress Helen thought Linda. She was more striking than Linda had ever
  imagined. She crouched down, reached inside Linda&rsquo;s blouse and pulled
  on the chain joining the nipple clamps. This brought out a gasp from Linda
  and drew a tear or two. Miss Helen smiled as she continued to pull on the chain.
  She stopped, took out a bottle of water from the bag she carried and held up
  the plastic straw to Linda's lips. One word was all she said, &ldquo;Drink.&rdquo; Linda
  obeyed and drank a sip of water. Helen looked angrily at her and repeated the
  word, only louder, &ldquo;Drink!&rdquo; at the same time pulling on the chain.
  Linda drank and drank; Helen only removed the bottle when it was empty. Linda
  knew she would not be able to hold herself anymore if this was kept up and
  would soon wet herself if not released and allowed to pee. Miss Helen licked
  her fingers and moved her hand down to Linda&rsquo;s pussy. As ordered she
  was wearing no underwear and was recently shaved. Helen touched Linda's pussy
  and massaged her pubic mound gently. She slowly pushed her middle finger part-way
  into Linda&rsquo;s hole and rubbed up and down her slit. Linda felt a warm
  rush through her body as she got aroused; Helen rubbed fast then slow yet avoided
  Linda&rsquo;s pierced clit. Helen stopped, removed her hand and left Linda
  eager for more. Helen took out another bottle from her bag and stuck the plastic
  straw into Linda&rsquo;s mouth. &ldquo;Drink,&rdquo; was all she said. Linda
  knew that if she did this time there would be no holding back, no salvation.
  Disgrace would surely follow. She clamped her mouth shut and shook her head
  sobbing. Helen stared angrily at Linda, twisted her left nipple with the clamp
  and repeated sternly, &ldquo;Drink!&rdquo; Linda sobbed but Helen just kept
  twisting the clamp cruelly. Linda slowly drank trying not to think of the pain
  in her belly. Helen&rsquo;s right hand went back to Linda&rsquo;s pussy and
  carried on playing with her slit and hole. She pushed first one then two fingers
  gently into the hole. It was all wet and juicy and every so often Helen would
  take the fingers out and smell them. Linda squirmed as she got hotter and hotter
  her full bladder now only a background pain. She finished the bottle and Helen
  dropped it using her now free left hand to pull on the chain joining the nipple
  clamps. The pleasure was mounting but at the same time there was an insistent
  pressure in her bladder; every time Helen&rsquo;s fingers pushed into her hole
  Linda felt the pee would just burst out. She held on hoping her Mistress would
  allow her to pee with dignity once she had finished with her. But Miss Helen
  had other plans. She now pushed her two fingers hard into Linda&rsquo;s pussy
  whilst extending her middle finger to caress Linda&rsquo;s tight starfish.
  This made her squirm and she felt a cramp in her bladder. The pain was becoming
  excruciating and easily equalled in intensity the pleasure she was also receiving.
  Helen rubbed her slit faster and faster, her fingers entered her deeper and
  deeper and Linda&rsquo;s body trembled as pleasure and pain got confused in
  her mind. Helen twisted Linda&rsquo;s nipples cruelly and pulled them out as
  far as she could keeping the pressure on the chain. Just then the fingers in
  Linda&rsquo;s pussy rubbed her swollen clit imperceptibly. Linda moaned and
  shuddered; Helen now rubbed the clit in earnest and just as Linda exploded
  she pushed her middle finger into her asshole as far as the knuckles. No way
  could Linda&rsquo;s abused body suffer this without consequence. Her bladder
  gave way and emptied itself uncontrollably. She wet the car seat, Helen&rsquo;s
  hand and the car floor. There was a huge puddle in the footwell and Linda wept
  inconsolably. She had disgraced herself and knew she would have to pay. Miss
  Helen removed her hand and dried it on Linda&rsquo;s blouse. She said nothing.
  She took out her own set of keys and unlocked the cuffs. She removed the clamps
  from Linda&rsquo;s nipples then stood up. &ldquo;Get out of the car bitch!&rdquo; Helen
  exclaimed. &ldquo;Follow me, when we get home later tonight you will pay for
  your total lack of self control.&rdquo; With these words Helen stormed across
  the car-park as Linda stumbled out of her car, locked it, and followed her
  hurriedly.  
 
   
    The Washroom  
   
 
Helen stood in front of the lifts leading up the shops. Linda caught up with
  her just as the doors opened and both women entered in silence. The lift started
  its ascent to the shop floors when Helen pressed the Stop button suddenly.
  The lift shuddered to a halt as Helen turned to Linda and pulled her close.
  She kissed her passionately then just as Linda was responding she pushed her
  away and slapped her face three times in rapid succession. Linda burst into
  tears so Helen just carried on slapping her slowly but deliberately. Linda
  tried to avoid the slaps but Helen grabbed her hair and twisted it cruelly
  bringing her face up close. The tears just kept coming and it seemed to egg
  Helen on to give her more. Every so often she stopped and gave her nipples
  another cruel twist taking great pleasure in seeing them turn a darker shade
  of red. They were fit to burst and were taking on an interesting hue of purple.
  Linda slid to her knees but all she got for her troubles was a jerk on her
  hair forcing her up on her feet again. Helen was turning out to be a far more
  cruel Mistress in real life than even her online games had suggested; and those
  had been cruel enough! Just then Helen pressed the resume button. The lift
  continued up to the second shopping level and as the doors opened the waiting
  shoppers stood back in surprise as the two women walked out of the lift. Linda
  still displayed wet legs and an open blouse showing everybody her purple hugely
  swollen nipples. Her face showed obvious signs of the slaps and tears rolled
  down her cheeks smearing her mascara. Helen marched straight to the nearest
  washroom with Linda trailing behind. In the washroom Helen dragged Linda into
  the handicapped cubicle and made her strip naked, she then ordered her to lean
  on the washbasin with her ass pushed back. Helen stuffed her own knickers into
  Linda&rsquo;s mouth then pulled her leather belt off from around her waist
  and folded it double. She proceeded to lay it on Linda&rsquo;s ass; six slow
  hard swats on each cheek that had Linda sobbing and whimpering into the knickers
  that gagged her. Her knees kept buckling and this only made Helen madder and
  madder so the swats kept getting harder and harder. At last the twelve strokes
  were over. Helen stood back as Linda just leaned there tears rolling down her
  cheeks. She felt something cold and hard pushing against her almost virginal
  asshole. Helen pushed the huge butt plug slowly and inexorably into Linda&rsquo;s
  tight hole. Linda sobbed louder as she felt the pressure rising, she tried
  to avoid the invader but was rewarded with a sharp twist of her right nipple
  for her efforts. She relaxed her sphincter and the plug slid in a few more
  inches. The widest part opened her hole further than it had ever been opened;
  she had never been a fan of anal sex and had only toyed with her finger and
  a few small candles, never anything as large as this plug. Helen kept up the
  pressure till she got past the tight anal muscles, suddenly the plug slid in
  almost effortlessly until its wide base nestled against Linda&rsquo;s asscheeks.
  Helen tapped the end of the plug and was rewarded with a muffled squeal from
  Linda. She kept this up for a while, tapping away insistently, this made Linda
  perform what looked like a dance, hopping from one foot to the other whilst
  squirming this way and that. Helen suddenly stopped and Linda breathed a sigh
  of relief; but not for long. The belt hit her ass once more, hard and fast.
  It went from left cheek to right cheek and back, after what seemed an eternity
  the belt hit her on the butt plug&rsquo;s base pushing it into her asshole
  deeper than ever, she jumped forward almost falling head first into the washbasin.
  Helen gave a laugh and hit Linda six more times on the same spot. Linda felt
  the butt plug was boring a hole straight from her ass to her mouth, it churned
  her insides and she felt like emptying her bowels and vomiting both at the
  same time. Then it stopped, almost as suddenly as it had began. As the seconds
  passed and the belt didn&rsquo;t fall again Linda relaxed, it seemed to be
  finally over; at least for the moment. She heard Helen rummaging behind her
  then silence. Minutes passed when all of a sudden she felt something nudging
  her pussy, a huge dildo was pushed into her, it felt thick and knobbly and
  hurt her already sensitive hole. Helen took her time inserting it, twisting
  it round once it was embedded inside her. Linda moaned, she felt fuller than
  she had ever felt before and she hoped Helen would remove both items soon;
  however this was not to be. Her Mistress reached into her ubiquitous bag and
  took out a leather contraption such as Linda had never seen in real life. Helen
  proceeded to put it on her. First a wide belt went around Linda&rsquo;s waist;
  this was tightened as tight as possible then buckled. A flared leather strip
  hung down the front, this strip was now pulled down Linda&rsquo;s front and
  over the dildo pushing it further in, then it went up over the butt plug doing
  the same to it and up to meet the belt at her back. Helen pulled this strip
  tight and buckled it to the waist belt at the rear. Not satisfied she unbuckled
  it and pulled it in two further notches. Linda could hardly breathe or even
  stand still and kept whimpering whilst Helen completed her preparations. Helen
  removed the panties from Linda&rsquo;s mouth and ordered her to get dressed
  and re-do her make up. Linda took great care whilst doing both, wanting to
  please her Mistress as much as possible. Meanwhile Helen put her panties in
  her bag, tied her hair back in a long ponytail and re-applied her own make
  up too. They both looked gorgeous when finished and could easily have passed
  for catwalk models. Helen smiled at Linda and gave her a kiss on her forehead. &ldquo;Good
  girl, you look ravishing, now let&rsquo;s go shopping!&rdquo; With this she
  opened the cubicle door and they both emerged to the surprise of two older
  women standing by the washbasins smoking.  
 
   
    The Lingerie Shop  
   
 
Helen walked casually out of the washrooms whilst Linda trailed behind. Every
  step she took reminded her of how full she felt and how tight the chastity
  belt was on her. They looked a stunning pair, both immaculately made up and
  beautiful. Everybody they walked past turned to stare at them. One tall, raven-haired
  and in elegant yet sexy clothes; the other shorter, blonde and wearing much
  more revealing clothes. Her breasts seemed to want to burst out of her blouse
  and her dark nipples could be easily discerned under it. They walked in and
  out of clothes shops, browsing expensive apparel and lingering over sexy tops
  and the skimpiest of dresses and skirts. After an hour of this Helen walked
  into Victoria&rsquo;s Secret and they looked at the lingerie on display. She
  picked up a basket and placed in it loads of bras, lacy thongs and g-strings
  and a few bustiers, garter belts and bodies. Helen eyed the staff and made
  her way to a dark Latino girl in her early twenties. She had been following
  them all the time as they had been picking up the clothes and Helen knew this
  girl was interested in them. She asked her for the directions to the dressing
  rooms and added she would like some help in choosing. The girl was eager to
  do this and her head almost fell off from her enthusiastic nodding. She introduced
  herself as Carmen and took them to a spacious, well fitted-out room with even
  a comfortable armchair and a stool in it. Helen ordered Linda to strip completely.
  Carmen&rsquo;s eyes nearly popped out when she saw what Linda was wearing under
  her clothes. The butt plug was obvious as it was bright pink and the flared
  end spread out past the chastity belt&rsquo;s strap. Helen started to try bras
  on Linda tweaking and pinching her nipples the whole time. She kept asking
  Carmen what she thought and even invited her to test how tight Linda&rsquo;s
  tits felt inside the various models. Carmen was obviously enjoying it and Linda
  felt more and more embarrassed as this went on. They tried on at least a dozen
  models concentrating on the half and quarter cup selection. Most were too tight
  on Linda and this suited Helen just fine. At last they finished with the bras.
  They had chosen three very sexy models for Linda and these went into the check-out
  basket. Linda&rsquo;s boobies were hard and her nipples stood out proud and
  purple from all the attention they had received from Helen and Carmen. They
  had pulled them, pinched them, mauled them and done almost anything possible
  to them whilst trying bras on her. Linda had endured it all patiently feeling
  quite proud of herself. Helen noticed her smug smile and was now determined
  to humiliate her once again. Linda&rsquo;s smile faded as she noticed Helen
  reaching into her bag and taking out two cruel looking alligator clamps with
  hooks on them. Smiling she grabbed Linda's left nipple and placed one of the
  clamps on it. Linda cried out only to be rewarded with a fierce backhand slap
  on her left cheek. Helen placed the second clamp on her right nipple and Linda
  almost cried out again. Her tears were once again flowing freely and she started
  to sob and plead. &ldquo;I know how to deal with you young lady!&rdquo; exclaimed
  Helen sternly. She brought out a black ball gag from her bag and thrust the
  ball into Linda&rsquo;s mouth, buckling it up tightly behind her head. Having
  effectively silenced her young charge Helen then took out two medium sized
  fishing weights and hung them from the tit clamps. This pulled the nipples
  down and stretched them painfully. Linda&rsquo;s hands instinctively shot to
  her tits to save them from the pain and this was just what Helen had hoped
  for. Her suddenly hands shot out and grabbed Linda&rsquo;s wrists, she twisted
  them behind her and pushed Linda face-down onto the back of the armchair. Holding
  her there she whispered something in her ear which only served to make Linda
  shake her hard and cry some more. Helen spoke out, &ldquo;Carmen handcuffs,
  in my bag. Bring them here. Now please.&rdquo; Carmen looked through her bag
  and took the cuffs to Helen, fascinated by events. Linda&rsquo;s hands were
  now cuffed securely behind her back and Helen let her go, she looked through
  her bag once more and brought out a length of chain, she hooked this to the
  cuffs&rsquo; middle link and keeping the chain taut hooked the other end to
  one of the coat hooks on the cubicle wall. This served to keep Linda in a very
  uncomfortable pose, constantly leaning forward and having to shift her balance
  continuously. The weights kept her nipples nicely stretched but Helen decided
  more was needed so she added a further medium sized weight to each clamp. Linda
  now hopped from foot to foot as her tits swelled and felt as large as barrage
  balloons. Helen smiled. Carmen stood there in total absorption. She was enjoying
  this. Helen looked at her out of the corner of her eye and wondered if Carmen
  would enjoy the plans she had for her if things went well. Helen took a short
  leather strap out of her bag and flexed it in full view of Linda. Her eyes
  widened as she realised what was in store for her. Helen spoke softly, &ldquo;I
  think you deserve at least six on each tit for your shameful lack of control.
  Then we shall see if you need any more, depends on your behaviour really.&rdquo; Linda
  shook her head and tried to protest but this only made Helen add a few more
  words, &ldquo;well, since you don&rsquo;t agree with my offer of six on each
  tit I will make it ten on each. Maybe that is more acceptable to you?&rdquo; With
  these words Helen proceeded to lash at Linda&rsquo;s tits, first at their top,
  then at their undersides then on the nipples where the clamp bit it. She did
  this for six lashes on each tit. Then she cruelly pulled off the clamps without
  even bothering to loosen them first. Linda shrieked through the gag, and was
  rewarded with the strap on her face for this. She felt the welt rising on her
  left cheek. The last four lashes on her tits were concentrated on the sore
  nipples. These were delivered from behind her shoulder by Helen; strong hard
  lashes, given with full force and designed to both sting and mark. Linda&rsquo;s
  tits were a bright shade of purple from before, but now they positively glowed.
  Helen then turned her around and proceeded to remove the chastity belt. Linda
  thought the dildo and butt plug would follow but was soon disappointed. Helen
  had her stand with her legs outstretched as far as they would go and ordered
  her to hold both of the silicone invaders in. She then spoke softly. &ldquo;Since
  you seem to enjoy being strapped I will now mark your bottom and thighs, I
  want everyone to see what a naughty girl you have been. And since you enjoy
  your butt plug I will remind you it&rsquo;s there by strapping it hard every
  few strokes.&rdquo; Linda sobbed even louder now, tears rolling down her cheeks
  in anticipation. Helen methodically used the strap on Linda&rsquo;s butt. Two
  strokes on the left cheek, then two on the right. This was followed by an upward
  stroke straight on the plug&rsquo;s flared end. Linda jumped up on this one
  which only made Helen laugh out loud. Then she used the strap on her thighs,
  two hard strokes on each from behind the shoulder again. The welts appeared
  almost immediately. Helen kept this up for about five cycles giving her a total
  of forty five hard strokes with the strap. Linda collapsed on the floor so
  Helen just pulled her up by her hair screaming at her whilst using the strap
  on her shoulders. Linda stayed on her feet heaving her shoulders whilst Helen
  gave her a final five really hard strokes combined on the thighs and buttocks.
  She then stood back to admire her handiwork. Linda displayed a nice criss-cross
  of red and purple welts, some raised and others almost about to shed a trickle
  of blood. Helen looked pleased with herself and said to Carmen, &ldquo;If you&rsquo;d
  like to join us tonight at my house you can see what else Linda and I get up
  to, you are welcome to participate if you come.&rdquo; Carmen nodded gleefully
  and Helen gave her a business card with her address. &ldquo;Be there at nine
  thirty sharp, you won&rsquo;t regret it.&rdquo; Helen ungagged and untied Linda
  and put the gag, clamps and chastity belt away in her bag whilst she dressed;
  they then walked to the checkout with Carmen and Helen paid for her purchases.
  She thanked Carmen and with that turned to go.  
 
   
     
       The Fetish Shop  
   
 
Helen walked out of the lingerie store content in the knowledge that Carmen
  would join them at home later on that day. Linda on the other hand was apprehensive
  dreading what was in store for them both. But for the moment she had other
  worries. She waddled behind Helen painfully aware she still had the dildo and
  butt plug inside her abused pussy and ass but no chastity belt to hold them
  in for her. She had to keep clenching her asshole and pelvic muscles to hold
  them in whilst trying to keep up with her cruel Mistress. They visited a music
  store and newsagents where Mistress Helen made her pick up a bondage magazine
  and pay for it herself. She made her join the longest queue and stand there
  holding the magazine with its cover fully exposed so everyone could see it
  clearly. Everyone in the shop seemed to be staring at Linda, not just her magazine
  she thought, but also her welts which were clearly on display below her extremely
  short skirt. Linda was bright red with embarrassment by the time she got to
  pay for it. Helen made her discard the carrier bag outside the shop and walk
  with the cover on full view for the rest of their time in the mall. All eyes
  were on them as they joined the escalator down and made their way to the basement
  where in the far reaches of the mall nestled a well-stocked fetish shop, rarely
  visited or even known about by the majority of shoppers. Linda had never seen
  it, let alone visited it, and entered with eyes like saucers. There were instruments
  and contraptions on display she had only ever seen in photographs and others
  she couldn&rsquo;t even begin to guess the use of. Helen walked the aisles,
  basket in hand, picking things up here and there. They went up to a counter
  where an assistant joined them. She was a tough looking butch with tattoos
  all up her arms, wearing a leather waistcoat tight over bra-less E cup tits.
  She had on a pair of biker leather trousers and a black bandana over her short
  black hair. Helen obviously knew her well as they chatted and joked for a while.
  Helen then placed her purchases on the counter and had them scanned, however
  she was not satisfied with the slave collars on display and asked the assistant;
  Toni was her name; to see her &lsquo;professional&rsquo; range. Toni smiled,
  reached down and took out a tray from below the counter. There was no fancywork
  here, these were serious stuff. All one or two inches wide, stiff black leather,
  D-rings front and back, some with D-rings all round and some with a padlock.
  Helen chose a two-inch model, with multiple D-rings, brass buckle and padlock.
  She put it round Linda&rsquo;s neck and snapped the padlock shut. It felt tight
  on her and she was conscious of every breath she took. Toni stated her approval
  but commented that Linda looked too smug and needed to be given a few extra
  lessons in submission. Helen agreed; she clipped a short chain to the collar
  and followed Toni who was making her way to the back of the store. Along the
  way Toni stopped, she approached a male shopper, obviously a regular as he
  greeted Toni familiarly. He was in his early forties and had a young sub in
  tow. She must have been no more than twenty and was cruelly bound inside a
  tight latex corset, her arms bound together behind her back up to elbow height,
  with a long hobble skirt and bondage ballet shoes. She wore a hood over her
  head and was obviously gagged. Saliva dribbled from under her hood and every
  step she took must have been torture on every part of her body. Helen had noticed
  the man before as he had been following every move she took with Linda since
  they had come into the store. Toni had a few words with him and he nodded enthusiastically.
  He joined the group, leading his sub on a leash. They all entered the back
  room. There Helen had Linda remove her clothes and stand there butt naked in
  her stiletto heels. Toni approved of her welted body as did the man. They both
  walked around Linda admiring Helen&rsquo;s handiwork. The young slave had her
  hobble skirt removed and was left standing in the corner whimpering, her shaved
  pussy on display. Toni took a tall stool and Linda was pushed down onto it
  and ordered to hold on to its sides. She then took off her trousers and men&rsquo;s
  boxers to display an eight inch strap-on she always wore; it was pink and very
  lifelike with protruding veins and a bulbous head. The man zipped his trousers
  down and took out his already stiff cock; it was thick and purple and was already
  oozing pre-cum. This was something they had obviously done together before.
  It looked almost rehearsed. Toni went to Linda&rsquo;s ass whilst the man approached
  her face. He thrust his cock deep into her mouth and ordered her to suck him
  whilst Toni removed Linda&rsquo;s butt plug with just one twist and a sharp
  pull. She squealed but was silenced by the man&rsquo;s cock driving deeper
  into her mouth. Toni lined up her strap-on and entered Linda&rsquo;s asshole
  in one hard push whilst the man fucked her mouth. Toni was not subtle, fucking
  her with energy and viciousness. Linda seemed to bounce from man to butch,
  her body being pummelled by both cocks. Helen was keeping herself entertained
  meanwhile by fingering the young bound slave&rsquo;s asshole; she thrust her
  fingers into the slave&rsquo;s hole, first one, then two and then three. She
  kept this up whilst Linda was being abused, getting all the more enjoyment
  from the spectacle. The slave moaned and groaned whilst Helen kept up the anal
  invasion. The asshole was quite tight and it seemed to Helen it had not yet
  been entered by a cock and reminded herself to ask the man later. Perhaps he
  would like her to break the slave&rsquo;s ass in for him. She dearly loved
  to rape a young anal virgin and derived great pleasure from seeing young girls
  writhe beneath her as she reamed their tight starfish. She almost came thinking
  these thoughts. Meanwhile Linda could feel the strap-on filling her ass up
  and rubbing against the dildo in her pussy through the thin membrane separating
  her vagina from her rectum. Each thrust caused the dildo to push up further
  into her and rub her insides stimulating her g-spot. She could feel the pleasure
  rising and started trembling as she got more and more aroused. Toni noticed
  this and withdrew the strap-on. &ldquo;Listen carefully slut. This is not for
  your pleasure but for ours, so don&rsquo;t you dare climax unless we order
  you to!&rdquo; saying this Toni unclipped the strap-on she was wearing from
  its harness and went to a cupboard at the back, she rummaged through it and
  attached something to her harness. When she turned round Linda peeked out of
  the corner of her eye and was shocked and frightened by what she saw. This
  was the thickest, largest strap-on she had ever seen. It was at least twelve
  inches long and three inches thick. It was knobbly and sported short rubber
  nodules and spikes all over its surface, its head was like a small apple and
  there was a pump hanging from its rear end. Toni stood behind Linda&rsquo;s
  ass and held her by her waist as Linda squirmed trying in vain to avoid its
  intrusion. Lube was poured down her ass crack this time and Toni used her fingers
  to coat her asshole and surrounding area well. Meanwhile the man had never
  stopped fucking Linda&rsquo;s mouth and she felt he was about to explode, but
  in those last moments he withdrew having other plans for his semen. Toni now
  felt the ass was ready for her so slowly and deliberately she entered Linda,
  pushing the silicone cock deeper and deeper into her, this caused Linda to
  give off a scream which was cut off by the man slapping her face repeatedly.
  This silenced her and her only outlet was to whimper and cry like a baby. Toni
  rode her hard and Linda just rocked on the stool like a toy. The strap-on was
  withdrawn and she was about to breathe a sigh of relief when she realised that
  now the man was entering her with his flesh and blood cock, he fucked her roughly
  but he had been so primed by her sucking that he shot his load into her in
  about five minutes. She felt the cum filling her rectum and it made her insides
  churn. He withdrew and immediately her hole was filled up again by Toni who
  gave Linda&rsquo;s ass it&rsquo;s fourth fucking in the fetish shop. The asshole
  was now very distended and it was going to take some time for the ass muscles
  to return to their usual elasticity and tightness. Over the next twenty four
  hours this ass would be able to take almost anything up it and Toni knew Helen
  would use this to her advantage. Linda&rsquo;s thoughts however were what was
  going to happen when digestion took its course and waste reached her rectum,
  she had visions of the shit just dropping out of her ass whilst she walked.
  Linda hoped it wouldn&rsquo;t come to that. The man meanwhile wiped his cum,
  shit and blood streaked cock on Linda&rsquo;s discarded blouse and decided
  to torture Linda some more by tweaking and pinching her nipples mercilessly
  until Toni had finished with her. Toni moaned and groaned as she herself was
  approaching her own orgasm; the huge strap-on she wore had a small but significant
  portion that went inside her own pussy and had a rough patch that rubbed her
  clitoris to perfection. As the climax drew near Toni just fucked harder and
  harder riding Linda like a bronco in a rodeo. Linda had her work cut out stopping
  herself from being pushed off the stool and had to hold on to it for dear life.
  Finally Toni climaxed slapping Linda&rsquo;s ass with her open hands as she
  did so. She collapsed on Linda&rsquo;s back exhausted. After a few minutes
  everyone started to get dressed again, Helen ordered Linda to put on her blouse,
  now smeared with dirt from the man&rsquo;s cock, her skirt and nothing else.
  Her ass was on fire and her pussy throbbed on the dildo. Whilst she was doing
  this Helen spoke with the man and they arranged a little proposition. He would
  lend Helen his young slave for the weekend so she could break her virgin ass
  for him and teach her a few submissive lessons in lesbian love. In exchange
  she would lend him Linda the following weekend so he could give her a few lessons
  in cock submission and learning how to take live cock in all possible ways.
  Toni also wished to borrow Linda having enjoyed her ass and wanting to get
  to enjoy all her other orifices too. Helen and her agreed to arrange something
  mutually suitable. Linda overheard both conversations and shuddered in fear.
  When all were ready Helen clipped the long chain to Linda&rsquo;s collar and
  making her hold her purchases they walked out of the back room and out of the
  fetish shop.  
 
   
    The Restaurant  
   
 
Helen walked with long easy strides, left hand casually holding one end of
  the three foot chain. The other end was clipped to Linda&rsquo;s collar and
  kept her always hurrying to keep up with Helen lest she stumble and fall; this
  would let everyone see her welted bare ass and her stuffed pussy. Added to
  that Linda had to carry the shopping bags from the lingerie and fetish shops
  as well as the magazine which always had to be on clear view of everyone. Her
  ass gaped from having being repeatedly and viciously fucked by Toni and the
  man at the fetish shop and dirt-streaked cum dribbled down her inner thighs.
  They went up to the top floor where Helen marched Linda into one of the Mall&rsquo;s
  three waiter-service restaurants; she chose a very sleek and modern steakhouse,
  set out on two levels; a ground floor bar and a mezzanine overlooking the bar
  area. Helen walked up to the Maitre&rsquo;d and asked for a table for two overlooking
  the ground floor. He led them to a table in the corner of the mezzanine floor
  just overlooking the bar. There Linda&rsquo;s body would be in full view of
  anyone looking up from the bar; just what Helen wanted. She ordered Linda to
  sit her bare ass on the cane chair, letting her skirt fall around it. The seat
  was plaited raffia and it scratched her welted ass painfully. That was one
  reason Helen had chosen this place. The skirt was far too short for the position
  she had been ordered to sit in and left her ass and upper thighs fully exposed
  to anyone who looked in their direction. It was also very difficult to sit
  still with the huge dildo still inside her so she kept squirming uncomfortably.
  Helen smiled inwardly and decided to press on. She took a short but thick butt
  plug out of her bag and passed it to Linda over the table, in full view of
  the other patrons in the restaurant. Linda took it shyly as Helen instructed
  her to go to the bathroom and insert it in her ass making sure to coat it with
  the Ben Gay she also gave her. Linda began to plead with Helen who simply added, &ldquo;When
  we get home that will be twenty strokes with the cane for arguing Linda! You
  will also put these on as a reminder of who you belong to.&rdquo; Linda softly
  cried as Helen handed her two strong alligator clamps for her nipples. Without
  another word she got up and went to the bathroom. There Linda hid in a cubicle
  crying as she coated the plug with Ben Gay and pushed it into her distended
  ass; at first it felt normal but soon started to smart and burn her tender
  tissues; she then opened her blouse and placed the clamps on her sore nipples,
  the teeth bit into her nubs and she was sure they would soon start to bleed.
  Rearranging her blouse Linda walked out and went back to her table. She sat
  gingerly on her seat as Helen smiled at her. The waiter came and Helen ordered
  for both of them. Linda could not keep still and when the waiter returned with
  their drinks; white wine for Helen, water for Linda; he asked her if everything
  was alright. Helen spoke, &ldquo;No, everything is not alright. My lady friend
  here is my sex slave and she cannot sit still because she has a few things
  that won&rsquo;t let her. Linda, show the nice young man what you are wearing
  on your nipples and what you are sitting on.&rdquo; Linda went a bright shade
  of red and shook her head sobbing. Helen went on, &ldquo;Linda, that will be
  twenty more with the cane at home. Now show him!&rdquo; Linda cried softly
  as she opened her blouse and showed the waiter her clamped nipples; they were
  purple and grossly enlarged. She then lifted her skirt and sat sideways showing
  the man the dildo and plug inside her. His eyes nearly popped out and he mumbled
  something as he swiftly left their table. Helen laughed as Linda sat down again,
  now reduced to a crying, red-faced little girl. The waiter brought their food
  and they ate in silence. Steak and salad for Helen, chicken salad for Linda.
  They finished their food and then Helen called the waiter over, she asked him
  for a coffee for her and said Linda would be having pussy for dessert. He stared
  in surprise but Helen simply repeated her order. When the coffee came Linda
  was nowhere to be seen. Just as the waiter turned to go he heard a slurping
  sound and saw a pair of high heels sticking out from under the tablecloth.
  Linda was on her knees under the table eating out Helen&rsquo;s pussy! He gulped
  and decided to be bold; he asked Helen if Linda would want some cock after
  her pussy. Helen smiled at him and replied, &ldquo;But of course, Linda would
  be most willing to have some cock after she has finished the pussy she is eating
  now, I will send her to you as soon as she is finished here.&rdquo; Linda licked
  and sucked at Helen&rsquo;s trimmed pussy, paying particular attention to the
  prominent clitoris that stood out proud from its hood. Helen enjoyed the attention
  and dropped her hands under the table cloth, kneading and pummelling Linda&rsquo;s
  head and face unseen by the rest of the diners. With a shudder Helen came,
  spurting out loads of juice into Linda&rsquo;s mouth. Helen was a spurter and
  often drenched the bed when she climaxed. Linda swallowed suspecting Helen
  would not want her to waste a drop. Fully satisfied Helen pushed Linda out
  from under the table and the people sitting at the bar below were a bit perplexed
  to see a grown woman with a red welted ass crawling out from under a table
  above them. They stared at her wondering what the pink objects were around
  her pussy and ass area. Only a few recognised the dildo and plug for what they
  were. Helen now sent Linda to the waiter&rsquo;s area to look for their young
  server and ordered her to give him a good blow job and bring back his cum in
  her mouth taking care not to spill a single drop. Linda went off to carry out
  her orders and returned fifteen minutes later, her mouth tightly closed. Helen
  smiled and handed Linda her empty wine glass, telling her to spit the cum in
  there, she would be drinking it slowly whilst Helen smoked a cigarette. Linda
  hated the taste of cum but had no choice except to comply. She sipped at the
  cum whilst Helen smoked her Salem with relish. When they had both finished
  Helen called the young man over and asked for the bill. He smiled at her and
  told her they owed nothing, the meal had been paid for by one of the patrons
  sitting at the bar. They looked down and noticed a middle aged man in a dark
  business suit looking up at them. He held out his glass to them and smiled
  knowingly. Helen smiled back at him and sent down her business card with the
  young waiter, she knew he would call before the day was out. The women stood
  up and Helen walked out of the restaurant as Linda followed carrying all their
  bags. They left the restaurant and walked to the lifts taking the first available
  one down to the parking levels.  
 
   
    The Ride Home  
   
 
They exited the lifts on the second sub-basement and Linda followed Helen
  as she walked up to her car; a dark green Jaguar convertible. Linda had guessed
  correctly all those hours ago. Helen unlocked the car and put the shopping
  in the trunk. She then pushed Linda face down onto the hood and flipped her
  skirt up. Using her hand she gave Linda ten sound slaps on her already sore
  butt. A deep red hue spread over her ass and the welts seemed to stand out
  even more. &ldquo;This is just to remind you of who is boss during the ride
  home.&rdquo; Linda lay there sobbing until Helen pulled her up and shoved her
  into the passenger seat. She ordered her to pull her skirt up exposing her
  pussy and to open her blouse wide so her clamped nipples would be visible and
  easily accessible. Once Linda had done this Helen belted her up and cuffed
  her securely; right hand to the door pull and left hand to the seat-belt anchor.
  She put on a pair if leather driving gloves, started the car up and powered
  the top down. They drove out of the building and onto the street outside the
  Mall. They stopped at a set of lights and whilst waiting there Helen entertained
  herself tweaking and pulling Linda&rsquo;s clamped nipples. She could do nothing
  but squirm in protest which only earned her a harder twist of Helen&rsquo;s
  fingers. A huge truck stopped beside them and they heard a loud horn. They
  looked up and saw the driver nodding his head at them and smiling approvingly,
  this wasn&rsquo;t something he saw every day. Helen acknowledged him by pulling
  Linda&rsquo;s blouse further out and stretching her left nipple out for him
  to see. The lights changed and they drove on. Helen kept reaching down to Linda&rsquo;s
  pussy and playing with the dildo inside it. At the next set of lights the game
  continued and Linda was getting extremely aroused and wet. A small puddle of
  juice was forming on the leather seat and Helen noticed this with relish, Linda
  would have to lick it dry at home. Whilst busy tampering with the dildo a limousine
  stopped next to them and the rear window slid down silently. The man who had
  paid for their meal at the restaurant smiled at them and beckoned with his
  finger, he mouthed the words, &ldquo;Follow me.&rdquo; Helen nodded and flicked
  on her indicators. When the lights changed she let the limousine lead and followed
  it out of town. The direction they were travelling in also led towards Helen&rsquo;s
  house anyway so she was not worried. After driving for twenty minutes the limousine
  pulled off the road and into a secluded truckers&rsquo; lay-by. Helen pulled
  in behind it and stopped her engine. The business man opened the rear door
  of the limo and Helen walked over and joined him inside. He offered her a drink
  and she asked for a dry sherry, ice cold. He gave it to her and poured himself
  a malt whisky with a drop of spring water. They discussed Linda and he said
  how it would please him to own her. He offered to buy her off Helen but she
  declined, even after being offered a five figure sum. He finally asked if at
  least he would be able to abuse her for a few days. Helen asked what was in
  it for her and the man, who had introduced himself as John, simply took out
  a small photo album from a cubby in the car and flipped it open to show Helen
  an array of beautiful men and women all in tight rubber or leather bondage.
  He made a two-for-one offer; any time she was willing to lend him Linda he
  would lend any two of his slaves for her to use and abuse as she pleased. This
  was acceptable to Helen and they sealed the deal with a handshake. He gave
  her his business card and asked if he could have Linda for just thirty minutes
  so he could have a taster of her charms. Helen laughed and said what joy would
  she get out of that? He smiled and pressed a button on a display. A hidden
  panel slid down behind the rear seats. It revealed a slender figure laying
  on her back, ensconced in a very tight catsuit, her tits trying to burst out
  as she squirmed in the small compartment. A double tube led out from the hood
  and a shock of red hair was visible in a long plait behind her head. The faint
  hum of a vibrator could be heard going on and off and Helen supposed this is
  what was causing the squirming. John opened a second cabinet in the rear and
  showed Helen a small selection of whips, straps, dildoes, strap-ons, butt plugs
  and other instruments and told her she was free to use any on his slave whilst
  he abused Linda. She gave him the keys to Linda&rsquo;s cuffs and he took a
  short twelve inch strap with him plus a pair of weighted alligator clamps.
  Left alone in the limo Helen pulled the rubber bound slave into the seating
  area. She examined the tube leading out of the hood and saw one has a bulb
  obviously for pumping up an inflatable gag; the other was an air tube. She
  deflated the gag and took off the hood. The slave was beautiful and looked
  not a day over twenty. She had thick luscious lips of a deep red hue and sparkling
  emerald green eyes with long curved lashes. Her red hair was tightly bound
  into the plait Helen had seen trailing from the hood and her nose was the cutest
  she had ever seen on a slave. Helen released her arms which were buckled together
  behind her back; she also released her legs which had been buckled up to the
  knees. Her feet were locked in six inch stiletto heeled ankle boots the same
  burgundy colour as the latex cat suit. There were zips all over the suit, each
  having a particular zone to cover. Helen opened a couple on the chest revealing
  long thick nipples; a deep purple from some earlier play or punishment; both
  pierced and sporting nipple rings. The slave moaned as Helen pulled and played
  with the rings stretching the nipples out of the slits in the suit. This went
  on for about ten minutes as the slave whimpered and moaned repeatedly. Next
  Helen turned the slave around and had her kneel of the floor of the limo holding
  herself against the seat. She opened a zip that went all the way from the ass
  to the pussy and watched in fascination as the slit opened out to reveal a
  grossly abused ass and pussy. A thick vibrating dildo held the shaved and pierced
  pussy open, two wires trailing out of the suit only a few inches. The ass was
  also opened wide but by an impossibly thick glass butt plug and showed clear
  signs of a recent beating. There were cane, strap and crop marks and they made
  a pretty pattern on the otherwise alabaster skin. Helen switched off the dildo
  and removed it. The plug however she decided to leave in for the moment. She played
  with the slave&rsquo;s pussy, pushing her gloved fingers deep inside it, twisting
  and pulling her labia and kneading the pubic mound. The slave heaved and sighed
  as she got excited. Helen kept this up for another ten minutes and was well
  aroused herself. She wanted to be pleasured herself now, preferably to a climax.
  She picked up a double-dildo gag from the cubby and buckled it tightly to the
  slave&rsquo;s head, stuffing the mouth end well inside. She then lay the slave
  on her back on the limo&rsquo;s floor and removed her own skirt. Carefully
  she sat on the dildo pushing it slowly and deliberately inside her. She settled
  comfortable and started to fuck herself on it. The slave groaned under her
  as Helen screwed herself steadily towards a climax. However she felt the slave
  wasn&rsquo;t doing enough so she took a leather bound crop and started hitting
  the slave&rsquo;s bald cunt to force her make a bigger effort to help Helen
  climax. The slave kept trying to push the dildo further inside Helen&rsquo;s
  pussy as she moved on her face. At the same time the slave was having her nipples
  pulled out and tweaked mercilessly. Helen was one cruel taskmistress. They
  kept this up for fifteen minutes when suddenly Helen could feel the rush coming,
  a few more deep thrusts and she climaxed, screaming and squirting all over
  the slave&rsquo;s face. The climax caused her to hit at the slave&rsquo;s cunt
  uncontrollably and of course this only meant the slave fucked her more intensely
  to try to end the torture. At last Helen stopped and rolled off the slave.
  She kissed the slave deeply and passionately and even kissed her abused nipples
  as a gesture of gratitude. In one swift movement she replaced her skirt and
  opened the limo door leaving the slave on the floor. Outside she found John
  smoking a cigarette leaning against her Jaguar whilst she noticed Linda was
  crying disconsolate on the ground kneeling cuffed to the car&rsquo;s rear bumper.
  Later at home she would demand she tell her exactly what had gone on. She enjoyed
  hearing the stories whilst toying with her slaves&rsquo; charms; but now to
  get home. She put Linda back in the car, said her goodbyes to John and drove
  out of the lay-by. By the time they got to her home an hour later it was starting
  to get dark. Linda had never seen such a huge house close up, a true manor
  house, with wings and porch and all. It even had a sweeping driveway and a
  lodge house at the entrance to the grounds. Helen parked in the driveway and
  took everything out of the trunk before releasing Linda. As they got to the
  front door it swung open and a servant girl stood there impeccably dressed
  in a black and white maid&rsquo;s outfit; perfectly normal; except it was totally
  made of latex. They walked in; Linda followed and looked around in awe. Helen
  simply said. &ldquo;This will be your home from now on as we agreed. Get used
  to it. I will now show you to your room and give you a few instructions, we
  must get ready for our guests later on tonight.&rdquo; With this Helen swept
  up the long winding staircase, Linda keeping up as best she could.  
&hellip;to be continued  
Warning: 
This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of explicit sexual
  acts of a bdsm nature between two or more women and occasionally men. If this
  type of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it. 
MF/mf, enema, exhibition, toys, BDSM, slavery, chastity belt, humiliation. 
Author's Note: 
This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded for personal
  reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you wish to repost them at
  your own site, please contact the author for permission. 
&copy;2005 nic_victor All Rights Reserved. 
Please mail to: nicole_vic@yahoo.com  if
  you have suggestions for future chapters. 
&nbsp;
Linda and Miss Helen  Part 2
Part 2  The Manor House  Friday evening 
&#149;&nbsp;Linda's Room 
Linda followed Helen who took her to a door at the end of the first floor
  corridor. Behind the door was a huge room with a king size metal frame bed.
  The room also had a large settee, a sofa, dressing table, chest of drawers
  and what looked like a prayer stool. It also had barred windows and two doors
  leading off from it. Helen told her this would be her room for as long as she
  behaved. She took her to the first door which led to a spacious bathroom with
  even a spa bath in it. 
The second door led to a dressing room with what seemed like miles of shelves
  and racks all full of clothes. They ranged from classy dress wear to the kinkiest
  of fetish wear. Amongst it there was scanty lace lingerie, latex catsuits,
  leather harnesses and shoes and boots of all types and heel heights. There
  were also all manner of restraints neatly hanging from hooks near the back
  right next to a locked cupboard. Helen unlocked it and inside Linda saw an
  impressive display of whips, canes, paddles, belts and crops. She swallowed
  hard as Helen smiled at her. She removed the clamps from her nipples then ordered
  Linda back to the bedroom and told her to strip and then bend over touching
  her toes. 
Linda did this and was made to stay in that position for a full five minutes
  as Helen walked around her examining her welts and marks. Her nipples burned
  like fire as the blood flowed down to them in this awkward pose. She felt a
  tug in her pussy and ass as Helen unceremoniously pulled out her dildo followed
  by her butt plug. She gave Linda six hard swats with a strap she had picked
  up in the dressing room then told her to have a long bath and to make sure
  she shaved carefully all over. She told Linda clothes would be left on the
  bed for her and she was to be dressed and ready by the time she sent up for
  her in two hours. 
With that she wheeled round and walked out of the room shutting the door behind
  her with a click. Linda straightened and went right to the door to look outside.
  It was locked! Linda tried as she might but realised it was futile, the lock
  was on the outside, designed to keep her in. She gave up and went to the bathroom,
  shutting the door behind her, she tried to lock herself in but discovered that
  here too the lock was on the outside rather than the inside. Just what her
  status as a submissive meant was dawning on her. 
She run the bath pouring in the bubble bath provided and whilst it was filling
  up she shaved her body paying careful attention to her pubic area, removing
  any stubble that had appeared since that morning. She winced when shaving her
  pussy; it was swollen and puffy from the abuse it had received. She took extra
  care when shaving around her labia and became aroused from the soft caress
  of the razor. She stopped and dipped her index and middle fingers in her slit
  bringing the moisture up to her lips. She sucked them, sighed and stopped,
  knowing that if she continued she might get carried away. Not that she didn't
  want to but she might get caught in the act or otherwise discovered. Then she
  would really regret what she'd done. 
Linda heard the door click and realised she had just been locked in. She could
  hear someone moving around in the bedroom and wondered who it was and what
  they were doing. When she had finished shaving she closed the taps and stepped
  into the foam filled bathtub, she relaxed in it using the bath lily all over
  her body and even her hair. She lay back and rested for a while, keeping a
  close look at the clock on the bathroom wall. She suddenly realised she had
  dozed off; she looked at the clock and saw she only had half an hour to get
  ready. She climbed out of the bath and dried off using after shave moisturising
  balm all over her body. 
Linda tried the door and found it had been unlocked whilst she slept. She
  stepped into bedroom and saw what had been laid out for her. A tiny black satin
  dress lay there, it looked miniscule and Linda wondered how she was going to
  get in it. Beside it lay a black lace half cup bra and lace front g-string.
  There was a pair of black fishnet self supporting stockings and on the floor
  a pair of black 5 inch stiletto heeled strappy sandals. There was a note on
  the little black number; all it said was Put on the dress last, then apply
  make up. 
Linda started to get dressed feeling glad the clothes were quite normal, at
  least as far as she could see. First she put on the g-string and bra, however,
  this was at least one size too small and her tits seemed to be desperately
  trying to burst out of it. Then she sat on the edge of the bed and rolled on
  the stockings. She then stepped into the shoes, doing them up carefully so
  they wouldn't wobble. Finally she stood up and put on the dress over her head.
  It was a tight fit and just about reached her stocking tops. It had two long
  slits on either side and if she even stooped a little or took to wide a step
  her ass would be displayed for anyone who cared to look. Her tits were also
  quite exposed and she realised it would be quite easy to pull out the nipples
  from the front. She felt a bit embarrassed and wondered what would be expected
  of her at dinner. She sat at the dressing table and applied make up carefully,
  making her look even lovelier than she already was, finally she tied her hair
  in a pony tail tying a red ribbon left on the dresser for that purpose. 
As soon as she had finished she heard the door lock click open and she sat
  up at the same time as her Mistress walked into the room. Helen beamed at her;
  she was wearing a long green dress, down to her ankles, with a slit on her
  left side that reached her thigh. She was also wearing green strappy sandals
  with 5 inch heels but no hose. She walked up to Linda and gave her a kiss on
  the mouth, a long luscious kiss that left Linda gasping for breath and her
  heart fluttering with excitement. Come; let us get ready to meet the guests. With
  that she took Linda by the hand and walked her out of the room. 
&#149;&nbsp;Getting Ready 
Helen and Linda walked to the end of the corridor and entered a huge study.
  They went up to a massive mahogany desk where Helen told Linda to face the
  desk and wait. Helen rummaged through some drawers and brought out a short
  leather strap and a cardboard box. She lay both on the desk in front of Linda
  and spoke, Before we go down to meet our guests I think I should prepare you,
  get you in the mood for what may come. With these words Helen made Linda lean
  onto the desk, putting all her weight on the elbows. 
Linda watched as Helen picked up the strap and walked behind her, taking hold
  of her hem and pulling up the dress past her ass and up to her waist. This
  exposed her buttocks and she felt the cool air on her sensitive skin. The pain
  from the earlier abuse was gone but she could still feel a certain soreness
  and was terribly afraid of how she would react to this coming assault. The
  short glimpse she had caught of the strap had impressed her; it was twelve
  inches long, one and a half wide and half an inch thick, made of stitched brown
  leather, solid yet flexible throughout its whole length. She heard the strap
  swishing through the air, then silence. Twenty strokes on your ass should
  warm you up and get you a nice rosy hue I think, followed perhaps by something
  to keep your ass wanting some attention. 
Linda swallowed hard and when all of a sudden the air whistled and she heard
  a loud slap. She thought Miss Helen must have missed because for a split second
  she felt nothing, then it hit her like an express train slamming into a wall.
  A rush of heat and pain hit her left asscheek and travelled all the way up
  to her very ears which rang with the sensation. She gritted her teeth determined
  to show her mistress her subservience and ability to take whatever Miss wished
  to give her. The pain subsided slightly when she heard the air whistle again
  and the second stroke hit her right cheek with the same force as before. The
  next four strokes were delivered with no respite, one straight after the other
  on alternate cheeks. 
She kept jerking forwards and was almost lying totally on the desk at this
  point. Helen grabbed her by her ponytail and pulled her back to her initial
  position. That will be an extra two for losing your stance slut! Linda made
  a quick mental calculation, sixteen more to go! Would she ever be able to take
  it she wondered? After a few seconds the strap hit her left and right cheeks
  in quick succession. She could feel her earlier welts beginning to swell once
  more and knew that by the end of the session she would have trouble keeping
  from crying; also if this was how the evening would progress she would have
  trouble sleeping comfortably that night. Another few seconds passed and again
  the strap hit her left and right cheeks one after the other. Still twelve more
  to go. 
Linda swallowed hard as tears began to form in her eyes. There was a longer
  pause this time as Helen caressed her ass and felt the raised welts. Her fingers
  played with Linda's g-string and lifted it off her asscrack gently letting
  it snap back into position each time. This made Linda jump slightly with the
  sensation. Helen also played her middle finger up and down the crack, letting
  it slip round Linda's asshole and even up to the pussy lips, Linda could feel
  the wetness down there and as she was being fingered she creamed herself some
  more. The hand was removed and almost immediately she felt the strap hit her
  left asscheek from top to bottom, the same vertical stroke was applied to her
  right cheek making her squeal imperceptibly. The next four were also vertical
  strokes, each seeming to be harder than the one before. Just six left. Linda
  was now sobbing quietly, trying desperately not to cry or blubber like a baby. 
The next two strokes were delivered on the crack where ass and thigh met,
  first left then right. Linda nearly crumpled to her knees and she had to use
  all her efforts to stay in position, she did not want to earn any extra strokes.
  A further two were given in the same place, these harder, much harder, than
  before. Only two left now, and she had still managed not to cry out or flood
  the desk with tears. After what seemed an eternity a loud report went round
  the room as her left thigh was hit very severely almost at knee height. This
  was repeated on her right knee. Linda crumpled slightly, but enough for her
  to lose her posture. Six more my dear. You have no discipline at all! Linda
  was shocked, she had managed to hold out pretty well she thought only to lose
  it at the last stroke. She was devastated. 
Since you are so undisciplined the last six will be very severe, all on the
  thighs where it seems you really feel them. Linda tried to be strong but the
  strokes were indeed very severe, Helen must have been swinging from behind
  her shoulder and the strokes, three on each thigh, were given at top, centre
  and bottom of the thighs. By the time she received the last four strokes she
  was crying like a baby, tears streaming down her face and sobbing out loud,
  pleading for mercy and promising Miss Helen she would take her punishment like
  a good sub in future if only she was shown some mercy now. She pleaded but
  to no avail, the beating went on, and Linda just lay there taking it all. Finally
  it was over. 
Helen placed the strap in front of Linda's lips and waited for her to kiss
  it, saying thank you to her mistress for her beating. She then dropped the
  strap on the table and took something out of the box. Pulling the g-string
  to one side Helen spread lube on Linda's asshole and pushed some inside her,
  she then took a suppository from the box and showed it to Linda. It was a ginger
  suppository. Two inches long and half an inch thick, Linda had never seen one
  that size. Helen separated Linda's asscheeks and placed the ginger bullet at
  the entrance to Linda's hole and slowly but surely pushed it in. Linda grunted
  as she felt her ass being filled but could do nothing. When it was totally
  inside Helen let go of Linda's cheeks and replaced the g-string carefully. 
The ginger would soon start to burn in Linda's ass and make her squirm well.
  It would also make her asshole very sensitive and heighten the sensation if
  she was fucked up that end later on in the evening. Helen stepped back and
  around the desk. She put everything back in the drawers whilst Linda still
  leaned on the desk sobbing and sniffling. After a few minutes Helen walked
  behind her and pulled her dress back over her ass. Stand up straight girl!
  Now stop sniffling and fix that make up. She said pointing to a small dressing
  table in the corner of the room. Linda went up to it and sat down. As soon
  as she did this she jumped up in shock and pain. Her butt was really sore and
  the welts hurt badly but sitting on that stool felt like she was on a bed of
  coals. Helen ordered her to sit back down again. Linda did this and tried to
  fix her make-up as quickly and carefully as possible knowing Miss Helen would
  only let her get up if she was satisfied. 
The stool was extremely uncomfortable and scratched her abused ass severely.
  Linda touched the stool gently with her fingers and realised it was upholstered
  with rough bristled pigskin. The bristles stood up and scratched her with every
  move she made no matter how small. Helen spoke, I suggest you fix your make
  up well slut otherwise tonight you will be severely beaten all over and put
  to sleep in a bed with a similar pigskin undersheet and a horsehair blanket
  to cover you! Linda was very careful and decided it was well worth her while
  to put up with some pain now rather than all night long. When she was finished
  she sat waiting uncomfortably. Helen let her sit for a further ten minutes,
  watching her squirm and grimace. 
When she was ready she walked up to Linda, took her hand and led her out of
  the study. Linda could feel the ginger suppository had almost all dissolved
  inside her and she could sense her insides burning and her asshole throbbing.
  She wondered if she would be able to sit through dinner without having to rush
  to the toilet. Every step she took moved the ginger further through her insides
  and burned her asshole even more. She shut her eyes and tried to think of something
  other than her rear end but it was useless. Helen led her down the stairs where
  a rubber clad maid stood with a tray of drinks chained under her exposed purple
  tits. She picked up a glass of champagne and handed Linda a large glass full
  of iced tea. She told the maid to make sure Linda never wanted for drink and
  to keep her glass filled up. Oh, I forgot to tell you. The bathroom is not
  to be used by you except when I or another Domme who is using you orders you
  to. With these words they stepped into the large dining room. 
&#149;&nbsp;Dinner 
There were about twenty people waiting for them, some obviously Doms and Dommes,
  some slaves and subs, and a few she couldn't quite determine. Carmen was there,
  in a stunning midnight blue, off the shoulder dress that stopped three inches
  above the knees. She wore dark blue sheer stockings and blue four inch heel
  sandals and her hair was piled high on her head showing off her smooth tanned
  neck and shoulders. Some slaves were on leashes whilst others were semi-naked
  showing off their abused bodies to all and sundry. 
As they walked through the crowd Helen was greeted with smiles and hellos
  by most of the Dominants. She did not stop but made her way to the round table
  and sat in a large ornate chair facing the room. She sat Linda on her left
  and then everyone else made their way to the table and sat in their assigned
  places. Helen nodded to her butler, dressed impeccably in a shiny leather uniform. 
The first course was served, a seafood salad with a delicious cocktail sauce.
  Helen took the salt shaker and poured salt liberally on Linda's salad urging
  her to eat. The salty food made her really thirsty and she had no choice but
  to drink lots of water. The maid, who was standing behind them, kept filling
  up her glass just as she had been ordered. Once finished the course was cleared
  away and there was a short pause whilst they waited for the entr&eacute;e. 
There was the murmur of conversation and Linda thought this could have been
  any normal dinner party except for the fact that there were diners wearing
  rubber masks, leather restraints or latex clothes and even a few on their knees
  either beside their Masters and Mistresses or under the table providing stimulation
  between their legs. Soon the second course was served, a medium spicy lamb
  jalfrezzi on a bed of pilaf rice. Linda tasted it and it was just right, with
  a hint of coriander and plenty of spinach. Helen stopped her from eating and
  took a shaker from the maid still standing behind them. She shook a strong
  smelling spice over the lamb and Linda realised it was strong curry powder,
  probably vindaloo or even phal. Only when the whole plate had a fine layer
  of spice did Helen stop and tell Linda to carry on eating. She took one forkful
  and the spice burned her mouth and throat like liquid fire, she could only
  imagine what it would do when it hit her stomach and intestines. Again, Linda
  drank to try to put out the fire but the water only seemed to make it worse.
  She ate in silence whilst Helen chatted to some of the women near her. 
The course was cleared and a fresh fruit salad was served followed by coffee.
  Linda's was particularly strong and she knew this would act as an irritant
  and a diuretic. She felt her insides churning and the pressure in her bladder
  building up. She couldn't help shifting and squirming and was on the point
  of pleading to be allowed to go and relieve herself when Helen turned to her
  and spoke. 
Well, it's about time we started the entertainment. To begin with I have
  a little something planed for you. Come with me.  Helen stood up and walked
  out of the dining room and back into the ballroom. 
&#149;&nbsp;The Ballroom Enema 
This was a signal for everyone else to get up and follow. The ballroom had
  been transformed in their absence. There were items of bondage and torture
  furniture and equipment laid out all around the room and concealed eye-bolts
  on the walls and floors had now been exposed ready for use. 
In one corner was a large sunken bath previously concealed by a removable
  cover masquerading as an oriental rug. In front of it was a contraption that
  looked like an oversize towel rail. Two horizontal bars about six feet long,
  one about four feet on top of the other. They were both padded and had straps
  and buckles hanging from them at various intervals. Helen stood Linda in front
  of the bars and called out, Cassandra, could I use your help please? A stunning
  blonde walked out of the crowd. She was in her mid-twenties and had her hair
  done up in a severe tight bun. She wore a shiny black cat-suit unzipped to
  show an impressive cleavage and stood in black six-inch stiletto heeled knee
  length boots, she also wore elbow length gloves. Her make-up was prefect and
  the bright red lipstick showed off her thick lips. 
She and Helen kissed passionately for a few minutes letting Linda wait. They
  ordered Linda to strip but leave her shoes on then turned her around as soon
  as she was done. Cassandra kicked Linda's legs well apart then buckled her
  ankles to the bottom bar. Helen pushed her forwards onto the top bar then bent
  her over so her tummy rested on the padding. She pulled her arms down taut
  and buckled her wrists to the bottom bar as well. They tightened the restraints
  then securely buckled a wide strap over the small of her back. She was totally
  immobilised except for her head which she shook desperately. Her back and ass
  were totally exposed and her tits accessible from both sides. 
Cassandra caressed Linda's ass and kneaded her cheeks paying close attention
  to all the welted areas. She raked her fingers up and down her crack and momentarily
  dipped into her pussy. The glove glistened with juice which only made her eager
  to carry on and try for more. Linda moaned as all this attention just made
  her more aware of the pressure down below. Cassandra's fingers now delved deeper
  into Linda's pussy and after a while the gloves were soaking with pussy-dew.
  She now drew her fingers away took them up to Linda's brown puckered starfish.
  She caressed the hole and played around its rim. Slowly she pushed her index
  finger inside making the asshole wet with Linda's own juices; this elicited
  a soft moan and Cassandra pushed in as far as her knuckle. She brought out
  the finger slowly and almost immediately pushed it back in fast. She kept this
  up for a while as Linda moaned and groaned in accompaniment. 
Meanwhile Helen had been preparing a two quart jug with a solution of quite
  warm water and liquid soap. She stirred this well and poured it into a red
  enema bag. She fitted six feet of tubing to it and clamped it shut then hung
  it from a stand beside the frame. She prepared a second solution of ice cold
  water and more liquid soap and poured two quarts of this into a second blue
  enema bag. She again fitted six feet tube of tubing to it and also hung it
  from the same stand. Helen looked at Linda and Cassandra and smiled. I think
  Cassandra is going to make that ass ready for serious action. She said out
  loud for all to hear. Helen opened a box and took out various enema nozzles;
  some were only as short and thick as her little finger whilst others were almost
  eight inches long and as thick as her wrist. Some had a bulbous mushroom shaped
  head whilst others were pointed and some even replicated human and animal cocks!
  She selected a medium sized plastic specimen but with a thick mushroom shaped
  head. It had a fairly large central hole with a few side holes all guaranteed
  to make the victim really feel the enema gushing into his or her insides. She
  fitted it to the tube hanging from the red enema bag then greased it liberally
  and left it hooked to the bag. 
Meanwhile Cassandra had been loosening Linda's asshole, finger fucking it
  with index and middle fingers together. This had her squirming within the restraints
  she was in. Cassandra took the mushroom monster and placed the head firmly
  on Linda's rear hole. It suddenly tightened in scared anticipation but Cassandra
  put some weight on it and slowly pushed on the sphincter. For a few seconds
  nothing happened as she increased the pressure; then slowly but surely the
  asshole started to distend and the head began to make its way inside. Linda's
  starfish gradually widened and seemed to engulf the plastic mushroom. She shook
  her head violently and protested, Nooooooo! No! No! Pleeeeease stop! Miss!
  Pleeeeease! Helen's eyes flared in anger and she landed Linda an almighty
  slap across her face leaving an imprint of her hand on her left cheek. She
  repeated this on the right cheek. She took Linda's discarded g-string and stuffed
  it in her mouth using her bra as an impromptu gag to hold the knickers in. 
Cassandra kept on pushing the nozzle in and just when it seemed the asshole
  would not widen any more the mushroom was sucked in past the sphincter which
  closed on the cylinder behind the wide head. It was now easy for Cassandra
  to push the whole of the nozzle into Linda's anal canal all the way up to the
  flange at the end. She pulled on it a bit and played it in and out to make
  sure it was well seated finally giving it a hard slap into position. She straightened
  up and the assembled guests who had been watching gave her a round of applause.
  She nodded to Helen who released the clamp on the enema bag a fraction; the
  warm solution started to flow down and into Linda's ass. As soon as the warm
  liquid hit her insides she bucked trying to get away from the nozzle. An altogether
  impossible venture since she was so well restrained. Her muffled cries and
  protests were just audible and only made Helen open the clamp further. The
  struggles were comical and even Linda's restrained feet were drumming a tattoo
  on the wooden floor. 
Half way through the enema Helen closed the clamp and she took a short thin
  bamboo cane from a rack. She stood on one side of Linda whilst Cassandra took
  an identical cane and stood on the other. They simultaneously delivered six
  strokes to each of Linda's asscheeks. This punishment only served to further
  inflame the welts she had picked up during the day and some even began to bleed.
  Linda's face was bright red and her cheeks puffed with the effort. The Dominatrix
  replaced their canes and Helen re-opened the clamp fully this time. Linda wailed
  as her insides were filled up. Everyone could see her tummy distending and
  Cassandra massaged her lower tummy and pubic area with her gloved hands. 
Leaving her in position Helen took a huge rubber enema nozzle shaped like
  a dog's prick with inflatable knot and attached it to the blue enema bag's
  tubing. She held it to Linda's ass and spoke to her. I am now going to change
  nozzles my dear. Tighten your sphincter and don't even dare to spill a drop
  of the liquid inside you or you will really feel our wrath! With these words
  she nodded to Cassandra who pulled slowly on the mushroom headed nozzle inside
  Linda's ass. It resisted removal for a few moments when suddenly it popped
  out. Some solution trickled out of the hole and Helen tutted loudly. Linda
  trembled with fear knowing she would have hell to pay later. In one swift move
  Helen pushed the dog cock into the semi-open asshole and rammed it as far as
  it would go. Taking the rubber ball she gave it five pumps in rapid succession,
  this seated the cock in securely. Comfortable? I think a few more pumps should
  ensure you keep it in for as long as I want. Helen gave it a further five
  pumps as Linda jerked and squealed like a madwoman. Helen was now satisfied
  the rubber cock was safely embedded in the victim's ass and she knew it could
  not be expelled no matter how hard Linda pushed. 
Linda's tears rolled down her face and her mascara had streaked all over her
  cheeks. Helen released the clamp on the blue bag in one go and when the ice
  cold water hit Linda's insides it was like a fist punching her from the inside
  out. Her breath was expelled and she gave a soul destroying cry even through
  the gag. Her innards cramped and she felt an extreme urge to expel everything.
  Still the liquid kept coming and she cried her eyes out. Cassandra massaged
  her tummy which now looked as if Linda was six months pregnant. Finally it
  was all in. It had taken a full fifty minutes to carry out the operation and
  they now had a girl in a very sorry state indeed. It was time for more abuse! 
&#149;&nbsp;Full and Beaten 
Helen operated a clamp on the end of the enema nozzle and removed the tubing.
  Linda was now lying strapped on the horizontal bars with a very distended tummy
  full of soapy enema solution and a huge rubber dog's prick inside her asshole,
  pumped up tight so as to prevent its expulsion by her. Helen thanked Cassandra
  who now walked away to spend some time abusing her own slave who had been patiently
  standing in one corner facing the wall. A very handsome thirty year old man,
  in severe leather bondage with his cock and balls laced up so tight they were
  purple and swollen. Linda would later discover he was Cassandra's husband and
  she would be taking his cock in all her orifices some time over the weekend! 
Meanwhile Helen left her on the bars whilst she went to collect another friend
  of hers, an older woman she had often shared slaves with. She came back with
  a woman in her late thirties who was dressed in a red knee length leather skirt,
  white blouse, red high heeled pumps and red sheer stockings. She carried a
  riding crop in her hand and had a short strap hanging from a loop on her belt.
  She obviously worked out as she sported well developed muscles although not
  to excess. Linda, I would like to introduce you to Jo; she is well known in
  bondage circles as the absolute expert in the use of crop and strap. She especially
  delights in breaking in young women like you. I am sure you will enjoy her. 
Helen stood to one side whilst Jo took her time inspecting Linda's ass and
  thighs; she felt the welts and massaged the muscles well, occasionally slapping
  them to see the rippling effect. Linda could do nothing but squirm, especially
  as the enema was churning inside her very painfully causing severe cramps in
  her lower body. Jo also took time to massage Linda's pubic area which was very
  painful due to her very full bladder which was threatening to burst any moment.
  Linda tried to ignore the urgency but it was getting extremely difficult to
  do. Jo touched her pussy hole and found it to be dripping, it also felt very
  spongy and the labia and clitoris were well engorged. She smiled and stepped
  back. 
Meanwhile Helen was sitting open legged on a low stool whilst a young girl
  kneeled in front of her eating out her pussy. The girl had her arms bound behind
  her back very painfully all the way up to her elbows. She was totally naked
  but showed a pony tail sticking out of her ass. What no-one could see was that
  this was hanging from a three inch thick and six inch long butt plug inserted
  inside her just before the dinner party. The girl's nipples were clamped with
  giant alligator clips linked by a chain that led to another clip attached to
  her clitoris. Her feet were encased in high heeled ballet boots that went all
  the way up to her knees. Helen's dress was spread out and her hands held on
  to the girl's head holding it tight to her pussy as the girl licked and sucked.
  Yet Helen did not look at her, she was so engrossed by the attention being
  given to Linda. 
Jo smiled as she unclipped the strap from her belt and flexed it. She had
  spent many years practicing with strap and the crop and she was in great demand
  from many Dommes who wanted her to punish their slaves and submissives in a
  way nobody else could. Jo stood about three feet back and to the right of Linda
  and lay the strap on the centre of her right buttock. She just put it there
  and softly dragged it up and down the asscheek. Linda squirmed with each movement
  of the strap. Jo stopped, lifted the strap off the waiting ass and drew it
  back till her arm was perpendicular to her body. She kept it there for a few
  moments, waiting. 
Jo brought the strap down fast giving it a flick from her wrist just before
  contact. The sound was a spectacular crack. It was followed by a muffled scream
  from Linda; the strap had hit her where the welts were the reddest and most
  inflamed. Jo carried on with the same asscheek, giving Linda a set of ten whacks
  all delivered with the same intensity. Again Linda's shoes drummed a tattoo
  on the floor. Without pause Jo changed sides and delivered another ten to her
  left asscheek. The cheeks were now an even purple colour all the way from waist
  to where they met the thighs. Linda sobbed and cried like a baby. Her tears
  flowed down her cheeks just as before and she was feeling very sorry for herself.
  Jo stopped and changed sides again, this time she brought the strap back to
  behind her shoulders and gave Linda another ten, much harder strokes. These
  really made the welts glow and made the ass go a darker purple. She repeated
  on the left cheek just as before. 
She now stopped and took hold of the cock inside Linda's ass pulling it out
  a fraction. This made her punished insides cramp even more and Linda desperately
  wanted to empty her bowels now. Jo used the cock to fuck Linda's ass as far
  as the inflated knot would allow knowing this would be extremely painful to
  Linda. Some of the liquid inside her trickled out and Jo smiled at this. She
  stopped and went back to the right side. She now laid fifteen strokes on Linda's
  thigh going from where they joined her asscheeks down to her knees. She did
  the same to the left thigh and stood back to admire her handiwork. 
Each thigh was now the same colour as her asscheeks and the welts that were
  there before could hardly be differentiated from the surrounding flesh. Jo
  let Linda sob and wallow in pity for a few seconds whilst she left clipped
  her strap back on her belt and took the riding crop in her hand. It was a simple
  one, twenty inches of thin bamboo wrapped in leather with a small flexible
  leather square at the end. Designed to be used on horses it was also perfect
  for wayward ladies who required correction and discipline. Jo had been using
  one since the age of eighteen, having had plenty of practice, both with young
  and old men and women. However, she preferred using it on ladies from between
  the ages of sixteen and forty. As far as she was concerned this was the age
  range that most required it and most appreciated it! 
Jo walked round to Linda's front and showed her the crop. Linda shook her
  head desperately, trying to say something. Jo smiled and spoke, I like to
  hear what my patients' have to say, especially whilst I beat them! She untied
  the bra from Linda's face and removed the g-string, now soaking wet from her
  saliva. Immediately Linda started to plead and protest, asking to be released,
  to be allowed to empty her bowels, to pee, to be sent home. Mistress, please,
  no more! Please let me go, I don't want any more punishment, please! Miss please
  let me go to the toilet, please no more, pleeeease! Jo laughed out loud. She
  brought the crop up to Linda's mouth and forced it up to her lips. Linda sobbed
  and Jo slapped her soundly. Kiss it slut! Linda had no choice but to comply.
  She kissed it over and over till Jo moved it away. 
She moved to Linda's rear again and placed the crop on the join between right
  thigh and ass. She raised it over her shoulder and brought it down in one vicious
  movement putting all her weight behind it. Linda tried to kick her leg up and
  gave out an almighty wail. This was repeated nine more times moving slowly
  down the thigh to the knee. The same was done on Linda's left thigh. She pleaded
  and wailed, crying her eyes out desperately. Jo paused for a bit touching the
  new welts she had created. Some were weeping a trickle of blood. This satisfied
  Jo. 
She now placed the crop in the centre of Linda's right asscheek and caressed
  it. Linda pleaded with Jo. Please Miss, not there, no more! It hurts too much;
  please I'll do anything you ask, please! 
Jo just lifted the crop and hit her harder than she had originally intended. Oh,
  but you will do anything I ask, I know you will. She gave her a total of twelve
  hard strokes on the ass, moving all over it; again she did the same to the
  left cheek. She stood back to look at the result. Linda's ass and thighs were
  now a criss-cross of purple and red where the crop had created a pattern on
  the purple body. This was one sorry lady lying there in front of her. 
Linda sobbed inconsolably and kept mumbling for mercy. Jo still had a few
  more tricks in her bag. She spoke to Linda softly. I am going to remove the
  cock from your ass and I am going to use the crop on your tender little asshole.
  Whilst I do this you will hold the enema in and you will hold it in till I
  tell you. Otherwise what you have just got from me will seem like a walk in
  the park after I have done with you young lady. Is that clear? 
Linda was horrified but could nothing other than accept. Yes Miss Jo, I will
  hold it in till you tell me. But please, please, don't be too harsh on me;
  I have already had about as much as I can take. I beg of you Miss, have mercy. Jo
  released the air from the inflated knot and pulled out the massive rubber cock.
  Linda pushed down on her muscles as much as she could but the ass had been
  distended for so long that at least a pint of solution sprayed out of her ass
  before she could stop it. This was exactly what Jo had been counting on. You
  slut! I warned you! You will be punished for this later on. Well punished! 
Meanwhile Linda tightened her ass muscles as much as she could but she could
  feel a trickle of liquid kept coming out of her ass the whole time. There was
  no way she could stop it. Jo stood behind Linda and ordered one of the maids
  to hold her asscheeks apart so as to expose the asshole. In this position Jo
  delivered ten hard deliberate strokes right on the starfish, with no pause
  and no remorse. The final two were delivered on Linda's pussy, hitting her
  on her sensitive and engorged hole. The final one pushed Linda over the edge
  and she just opened her bowels and bladder. 
She peed herself all over her legs and made a huge puddle on the floor, at
  the same time her ass expelled all the liquid that had been inside her for
  the past hour. She sprayed brown stuff all behind her whilst Jo kept hitting
  her ass with the crop screaming at her, Slut! Pig! Disgusting creature! You
  pervert! You will pay dearly for this! How dare you go without my orders! Linda
  cried and sobbed the whole time and finally just collapsed onto the bars. Jo
  stopped the punishment and moved towards Helen satisfied her job had been well
  done. 
Helen was fascinated at the performance and was on the brink of climaxing
  herself. She looked up and Jo bent down to kiss her with passion. The slave
  kept eating out her pussy whilst the two Dommes kissed each other and caressed
  each others breasts. Jo put her hand inside Helen's dress and took hold of
  her left nipple; suddenly she pinched it hard and tweaked it sending Helen
  over the edge. Helen climaxed energetically spurting pussy juice into the slave
  girl's face and mouth. Helen thanked Jo who melted into the crowd, looking
  for someone to satisfy her own need to come. 
Helen gave orders for Linda to be released and cleaned up. She would be abusing
  her later tonight, but for the moment the girl needed a wash and a rest. 
&#149;&nbsp;Cassandra and Carmen 
Helen walked amongst her guests watching how they were enjoying themselves.
  There were sounds of leather and cane on flesh and moans, groans and pleas
  coming from all over. She found Cassandra in a corner of the ballroom using
  her husband and Helen's new found friend Carmen to abuse a well proportioned
  raven haired lady well into her forties. 
Helen had intimate knowledge of this woman by the name of Doris . She happened
  to be the happily married wife of the chairman of the local Animal Welfare
  Society. She was also a secret bi-sexual who liked to indulge in bondage and
  humiliation games in her spare time. Many times Helen had had her tied to her
  bed, severely clamped and abused, with marks all over her body whilst her husband
  was attending conferences. Helen wondered how Doris explained any remaining
  marks to her husband when he returned. 
They had even been out to lunch a few times with Doris holding a butt plug
  in her ass throughout the meal then sent her home with signs of a fresh strapping
  delivered in some quiet corner of the car park or in the corner of some field
  on the way home! 
Right now Doris was totally naked over a padded stool. Her ankles were tied
  to the back legs of the stool whilst her wrists were tied to the front legs.
  Her ass showed the marks of a caning as did her thighs. This looked like Cassandra's
  work. Her ample 40DD boobs hung from her chest and these also showed cane marks
  all over them. They were clamped with clover clamps and from each clamp hung
  two hundred-gram weights. The nipples were stretched painfully and only moments
  before Cassandra had been adding another hundred gram weight to each clamp.
  Helen knew that clover clamps tightened further the more weight that was applied
  to them, and three hundred grams was a lot of weight for one nipple to take! 
However she imagined Doris wouldn't have much time to think about this considering
  everything else that was happening to her. Cassandra's husband, who had now
  being released from most of his bondage, was thrusting his cock deep into Doris's
  mouth, no doubt urged on by the paddle that was being applied vigorously to
  his ass by Cassandra. Carmen, who was obviously enjoying herself, was using
  a strap-on to fuck Doris in her shaved pussy whilst playing with a butt plug
  inside Doris 's ass. 
Carmen was in the nude having taken everything off except her stockings and
  shoes. The strap-on she wore had a small rough surfaced dildo on the back and
  this was in Carmen's pussy rubbing against her clitoris the whole time. A female
  slave stood behind Carmen and played with her nipples and ass at the same time
  as she fucked Doris . This made her really hot and she was glad she had come
  to the dinner. She had always had tendencies to enjoy the kinkier type of sex
  and had dumped many boyfriends and a few girlfriends simply because they just
  wanted vanilla. She had never had the chance to explore her preferences beyond
  tying a few of her girlfriends to the headboard or using giving them a playful
  but mild spanking. This was heaven for her, and she wanted it to continue for
  ever. 
Doris was enjoying herself too as she relished from being severely beaten
  and abused. She also loved humiliation, something everyone knew and used to
  their advantage. Tonight she would get some of that as well. But for now she
  was on a spit. All her holes filled and being rammed by huge cocks. Cassandra's
  husband was well endowed, but as well as that he had a strap tightly bound
  behind his balls and this served to engorge his cock even more. It also kept
  him erect and prevented him from climaxing so he could continue to screw Doris
  as hard as he pleased. Occasionally Cassandra stopped paddling her husband
  and instead used the paddle on Doris 's hanging tits; they were so huge they
  were difficult to miss at any angle! 
The butt plug was an inflatable one and Carmen now took an opportunity to
  pump it up a few more puffs. Doris squirmed as the pressure inside her increased.
  Carmen took this as a sign for more so she gave four more squeezes to the rubber
  bulb. Doris tried to scream but was prevented by the giant cock in her mouth.
  The strap-on dildo was also thick and covered with hard rubber nodules. Carmen
  fucked her with frenzy pulling the dildo almost completely out then ramming
  it back in with all her strength. Doris went wild and sucked madly on the cock
  in her mouth. 
Cassandra was squeezing her husband Paul's balls hard and she suddenly felt
  them start to tremble. The climax was imminent and if it weren't for the strap
  around the base he would have already done so. She pulled him out of Doris's
  mouth and left him standing there whilst she took a crop and applied it to
  Doris 's hanging tits. She hit her hard on the sides of the huge balloons till
  Doris screamed with pain and pleasure. She kept this up for a long time whilst
  Carmen just reamed her pussy mercilessly. 
When Cassandra could see Doris was on the verge of climaxing she stopped the
  cropping, took off her tit clamps, removed the strap from Paul's balls and
  put his cock back in Doris 's mouth. She then continued to hit her hard at
  the same time as Paul and Carmen fucked Doris in rhythm. Finally Cassandra
  used the crop on Doris 's nipples, hitting them repeatedly whilst the fucking
  continued. The first to climax was Paul who shuddered as his balls contracted
  spurting hot cum into Doris 's mouth; this combined with the cropping on her
  nipples brought her to a shuddering climax too. Finally Carmen, who had been
  fucking for quite a long time also came, screaming her climax out for all to
  hear. Cassandra just smiled with satisfaction knowing she would get her climax
  later on that night. Helen walked away from the group to look for other action. 
&#149;&nbsp;And then there were Six 
It was four in the morning when Helen stood at the door as the guests were
  leaving. She spoke to all the Masters and Mistresses as they left and they
  all thanked her for having invited them. A few of the guests were stating on
  for the whole weekend and these were waiting for her in her study. At last
  she went to join them whilst her butler was locking the front door. 
She entered the study. Cassandra was fully dressed sitting on a settee resting
  whilst her husband stood naked behind her facing the wall, his cock and balls
  once more laced up tight and a pony tail trailing from a butt plug deep inside
  his ass. He was blindfolded and had a cock gag tight inside his mouth. Saliva
  constantly dribbled out of the corner of his mouth. 
Carmen was also there, dressed but open legged on a sofa whilst Doris knelt
  in front of her wearing nothing save a leather punishment bra with short brass
  spikes in its inside surface, hands tied cruelly tight behind her back, dildo
  in her cunt, busy eating out her pussy. 
There was a third slave in the room; the girl they had met in the fetish shop.
  She had been loaned to Helen for the weekend by her owner and stood naked in
  one corner waiting. She had on a pair of cruelly tight and tall ballet boots
  similar to the pair she had been wearing in the shop. Her hands were handcuffed
  together above her head and hooked to an eyebolt high on the wall. She wore
  a tight latex bra with nipple peep-holes and a tight pair of knickers that
  showed every curve and bump of her shaved pussy. Her set-up was completed by
  a pair of clamps joined by a heavy gold chain. The clamps were adorning her
  not too big but perfectly formed tits. Her skin was unblemished as she had
  not received any sort of punishment other than the clamps. She had been kept
  tied up all evening in this room as Helen wanted to abuse her exclusively herself. 
As soon as Helen entered Cassandra and Carmen got up and kissed and hugged
  her thanking her for a wonderful evening and for an even better weekend to
  follow. They had a nightcap whilst the butler and a maid came and took Cassandra's
  husband and Doris away to the rooms they were to occupy for the night with
  their Dommes. A second maid took care of the young slave, taking her to the
  basement dungeon where Linda had been tied up waiting since her embarrassing
  episode in the ballroom. Helen would join them in a while for a few more hours
  of fun. 
By the time they finished their drink the butler and the maid had returned
  and led Carmen and Cassandra to their rooms to join their companions for the
  night. Helen bade them have a good night and reminded them they had more fun
  planned for the following day. 
As soon as they had left Helen walked to the bookshelves at the back of the
  study and pressed a hidden button, a concealed door sprang open and Helen walked
  through into a secret back-room. There was a swivel chair at a console surrounded
  by monitors and a control desk. She pressed a few controls and immediately
  images began to appear on some monitors. They showed different views of the
  guest bedrooms and the dungeons. She selected the rooms where her guests were
  staying and once she had them in good view she switched on the recording equipment,
  she would view the tapes at leisure. She got up and left the room. 
Having nothing else to do here she locked the study and made her way to the
  dungeons to join her two patient slaves; both no doubt nervous by now as to
  what was going to happen to them. 
&#149;&nbsp;The Dungeons 
Helen walked into the first dungeon and found Linda tied spread-eagled to
  eyebolts on the wall, totally naked with her back to the room. The young slave
  girl had been brought in and buckled to a doctors examining couch with her
  legs spread out wide and her head held to a padded head rest with the help
  of a strap buckled tight over her forehead. 
She walked to a rack on the wall and selected a multi-stranded flogger. About
  thirty thin leather strips hanging from a rubber handle in the shape of a huge
  cock. She walked up to Linda and spoke to her, Linda, you totally shamed yourself
  and embarrassed me upstairs! How dare you empty your bowels and bladder before
  being given permission. For that you will pay now! 
She drew her arm back and hit Linda hard on her back. She did this a further
  nineteen times without giving Linda any respite. The blows were sharp and swift,
  stinging her wherever and whenever they made contact. Linda screamed with every
  blow, especially when Helen went lower and started to flog her already sore
  buttocks. After the nineteen were over she massaged her back and arse and fingered
  her asscrack with her gloved hands. 
She turned away for a moment then stopped. Without warning she now started
  to use the flogger on Linda's thighs, going from the knees to the ass for a
  further twenty strokes. Linda was howling like a madwoman, it hurt her so much.
  Helen stopped, walked to the young slave and spoke to her. What's your name
  and why are you here slave? 
The girl answered with difficulty, Sophie, Mistress. I am here because my
  master desires it and I do everything he pleases. Helen smiled at this reply.
  She lay the flogger on Sophie's tummy and softly drew it up and down, from
  her tits to her pubic mound. I think you need to be warmed up a bit before
  I break your ass and educate it in the pleasures of anal sex. Fifty strokes
  from your tits to your pussy to begin with should do it. With that Helen started
  to flog Sophie; she started on her tummy and slowly moved up to her tits, then
  she went down again till she reached her pussy, then back again. Sophie was
  screaming the whole time but Helen wanted to hear the screams and decided not
  to gag her. 
She stopped and let the pain suffuse through Sophie's body. She wanted the
  girl really submissive before she started the anal abuse she had planned. Meanwhile
  she went back to Linda and traced the welts on her back, ass and thighs. She
  dragged her fingers over the more prominent ones making them hurt even more.
  Linda sobbed quietly, too tired to scream by now. 
She untied Linda and turned her around so she was facing the room. Her arms
  and legs were tied as far apart as humanly possible and Linda's tendons stood
  out prominently so taut was she being held. She now changed the flogger for
  a Scottish tawse and brought it up to Linda's lips. She kissed it softly and
  Helen stood back two paces. She took careful aim and struck her hard on her
  left tit. Linda stifled a scream as Helen struck her right tit too. Five more
  strokes hit her tits, three above the nipples and three below where her tits
  were most tender. Tears streamed down her face, she would never have imagined
  real life would be so much more painful than online slavery. 
Helen now caressed Linda's shaved pussy and pushed her fingers inside it,
  softly at first then rougher, much rougher. Helen kept this up for a while
  making Linda wetter and wetter, she turned her attention to her clit, totally
  ignored until now, and rubbed it gently. She flicked it and twisted it making
  it stand out proud. Helen pushed her first two fingers in Linda's pussy whilst
  using her thumb on the clit, suddenly the girl shuddered with a climax that
  shook her whole body. She slumped in her bonds and just lay there totally spent.
  Helen decided there and then she would spend the night sleeping in Linda's
  arms. Meanwhile she still had something to do with Sophie. 
&#149;&nbsp;Sophie's Anal Introduction 
Helen now took a small stool and sat in front of Sophie in between her legs.
  She dipped her right hand in a jar of lube and started to spread it on Sophie's
  ass and pussy. She coated the whole area well then continued applying more
  over the region. 
She paid special attention to the asshole making sure there was a good coating
  of lube there. Once again she dipped her fingers in the jar and pushed them
  into Sophie's tight rosebud. She only used one finger at a time, pushing plenty
  of lube into her rectum. This was a virgin ass and needed to be well broken
  in. Sophia moaned but did not complain. 
Helen now pushed two fingers into the asshole but only up to the second joint.
  She played them in and out and twisted them round. Sophie squirmed but was
  too tightly held down to be able to get away from the invading digits. Helen
  withdrew her fingers and used the thumb and her free hand to uncover and play
  with Sophie's already aroused clit. It was stiff and stood proud as soon as
  its hood was pulled back. 
Sophie bit her lower lip so as not to cry out but could not prevent the moans
  and groans that came from deep within her. Helen was once again getting aroused
  just from the sounds she could hear and decided to pace up. She wanted to begin
  to break in Sophie's ass tonight then go to bed with Linda and have her own
  climax she so longed for. 
She stood up and stripped leaving on just her g-string, stockings and shoes.
  She sat again and went back to Sophie's ass. She used her first two fingers
  to invade her ass once again then suddenly thrust them hard up to the knuckles.
  Sophie gave a stifled scream and tears welled up in her eyes. 
Helen now pumped her two fingers in and out of the ass slowly loosening it.
  Sophie was now wailing and moaning constantly as Helen pushed and pulled the
  fingers in and out of her ass. A third finger was added which added to Sophie's
  discomfort as it slowly distended her sphincter. 
Helen stopped just as suddenly as she had begun. She stood up leaving Sophie
  to tremble and sob. She went to a cabinet and selected a toy bringing it down
  to Sophie's head. She showed her a small black butt plug with a tubing coming
  out of it connected to a rubber bulb. She greased the plug and placed it against
  Sophie's anus. Slowly she pushed it in; it entered the loosened asshole almost
  effortlessly. Sophie thought it didn't feel too bad and was relishing the sensations
  it caused inside her. 
I am going to pump up this plug to start getting your ass used to feeling
  full. If you are a good girl I will only pump it up a little, but complain
  and I will just keep on pumping. I hope you have that clear. Sophie looked
  at Helen and nodded her head whimpering like a puppy. 
Helen took the bulb and gave it a squeeze; there was no reaction from Sophie.
  She gave the bulb four more squeezes and now Sophie stared to shake her ass
  as far as the bonds would allow her. Helen gave the bulb two more squeezes
  and Sophie screamed out, Stop! Please Miss, please stop, I will do whatever
  you ask. 
Helen decided a few more squeezes would be enough for tonight; she still had
  the rest of the weekend to fully break in this young ass. She gave the bulb
  a few more squeezes until Sophie screamed and wailed like a banshee. She left
  her like that and whispered in her ear, I will finish you off with twelve
  strokes of my leather strap, then I will send you to bed with your ass stuffed
  and tomorrow I will continue to break your ass young lady. You will go back
  to your master begging him to fuck your ass at every opportunity! 
Helen released Sophie and tied her face down on the examining couch; she then
  took her strap and gave Sophie twelve hard strokes on her ass, six on each
  globe, till they glowed bright pink. Sophie was blubbering and pleading for
  mercy as she lay there. Helen used the intercom to call for her maid who turned
  up promptly still immaculately dressed in latex outfit. She gave orders for
  Sophie to be tied face down to the bed in the punishment bedroom and to be
  blindfolded for the night. The maid untied Sophie and led her away to the rooms
  kept in the basement for that purpose. 
Meanwhile Helen untied Linda and put a bathrobe over her, she then led her
  to a private elevator in the basement and went straight up to her bedroom where
  they would spend the night together. 
 to be continued 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nicole Victor


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





