BDSM Library - Cruel Vengence




Cruel Vengence
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Former lovers' plot an end to the bitch that ruined their lives... Cruel Vengeance  
 By Aspererus  
Suzanne stood on the steps of the office building shifting her weight from
  leg to leg on her expensive high heels. She craned her neck looking for the
  car that was supposed to pick her up. Looking down at her watch it was already
  five minutes late, and she could feel the bitchy girl coming out, even though
  she should have been happy. She held the large bouquet of red roses in her
  arms, they had been sent to her during the day. She'd flaunted them around
  the office, going into each of the girls' cubes and showing them off like a
  prize, even though nobody else cared that she'd got them in the first place.
  In fact, it only made the other women hate her even more than they already
  did. The note laid inside the long box of roses said she would be picked up
  for a romantic evening, that a car would be sent for her and the night would
  go from there. That was what Suzanne was waiting for now, the car, and driver,
  and she was becoming more and more enraged every second she had to wait.  
 Suzanne was a petite girl, about 5'2" tall, with shoulder length blond hair.
  She was thin, with a pretty face, but what most, if not all, men noticed about
  her were her huge breasts. Even for somebody with a larger body they would
  have been huge, but given the size of her frame, it only made her tits look
  bigger still. Suzanne felt no embarrassment about showing off her breasts either,
  every outfit she wore seemed to emphasize her bosom, whether it was appropriate
  or not for the occasion.  
Suzanne was a manipulative little harlot who'd destroyed more good relationships
  than a woman ever should. It was all a game to her, a sick perverted game to
  see how badly she could ruin other people's lives, she was a spoiled little
  brat. She was an only child whose parents never could, or would, tell her no.  
 The black limo pulled to a stop a few feet in front of where Suzanne stood.
  There was a hesitation before the driver got out and mumbled under his breath.
  He opened the rear door for the little slut and watched her slink past him.  
 "Good evening Miss, you're car awaits." Suzanne tilted her cute little nose
  high in the air and got into the dark back seat of the limo, refusing to thank
  the young man who held the door so kindly for her.  
 "You're late." The driver gladly slammed the door shut behind the arrogant
  girl, silencing her before she could start with her bitching.  
 The windows of the car were tinted completely black, and from outside you
  couldn't see in at all. Suzanne was ensconced in the gilded cage, or trapped,
  whatever way you wanted to think about it. She filled a glass full of champagne
  from the bottle, it was already popped open for her and was resting comfortably
  in its ice bath.  
 The driver took his time getting back into the front cab of the limo, he
  nodded his head toward a car parked high on the hill. If you looked closely
  you could see the man in the driver's seat, he was watching through high powered
  binoculars intently  
 As the limo pulled away Richard put down the binoculars and got his car
  in gear. The limo driver waited for him to pull in behind him on the twisty
  country road, and they headed off toward the isolated forest location. It had
  been picked out weeks ago, everybody involved wanted to make sure everything
  would be perfect for the night in the woods. Richard was the latest, and most
  abused, of Suzanne's liaisons, she'd treated him poorly, but soon the tables
  would be turned.  
 Suzanne added a dollop of perfume up behind her ear. She pulled her dark
  stockings higher on her thighs, smoothing any wrinkles that had formed during
  the long day at work. She wondered where the car was going to take her, and
  what was planned for the evening. She wasn't quite sure who had arranged it
  all actually, she was always playing with more than one boy at a time, and
  they knew it was all part of the game, that they should spend more on her than
  proper, and go to any lengths to please her, that is, if they had any hope
  of getting between her thighs or touching her tits.  
 It took about twenty minutes till the car finally eased off the main road.
  Suzanne didn't even bother to look out the window, had she, then perhaps she
  may have seen how remote the surroundings appeared, and that there had hardly
  any houses, or signs of life, in quite some time.  
 The car pulled off on a dirt path and drove deep into the woods. Suzanne
  was touching up her makeup when the car slammed to a stop, sending her hurtling
  to the floor. She'd barely got to her knees when the door opened. She might
  have been able to catch the quickest glimpse of Richard's face in the open
  door before his fist connected with her pretty nose, making her collapse on
  her back, sprawled out on the floor, shocked and bloodied.  
 Richard had hold of Suzanne's ankles before she could even react. He pulled
  her hard out of the limo, indifferent to her comfort, making her land with
  a loud thud on the ground. He then started dragging her over the dusty, rock
  strewn, trail. Suzanne finally started to come to life, screaming like a banshee
  as she held her gushing nose between her pretty fingers.  
 "Stop, you bastard, stop this." She kicked her legs, but Richard's grip
  held firm. The driver walked over Suzanne, almost straddling her, looming over
  her as Richard pulled her along the trail like a log. Her skirt had run up
  around her waist, her sexy black panties were wedged up between her ass like
  a thong.  
 Suzanne started wide eyed up at Richard as he let go of her legs. She noticed
  that there were a good 10 men standing in a circle around her. With her big
  pouty eyes she recognized most of them as old boyfriends. One's--like all the
  men she'd been with-- she'd disposed of after she'd got what she wanted from
  them, leaving their lives in a utter shambles when she was done.  
 Terrified Suzanne looked up at the gathered men, she held her bloody nose
  between her fingers and tried to speak calmly.  
"What do you want?" None of them spoke, their cold eyes stared at Suzanne,
  making her more and more nervous.  
"What do you want? What do you think you're doing to me?" Real panic started
  to show in Suzanne's eyes.  
"Richard!" Her voice was shrill and whiny as she tried pleading, using the
  sweet baby voice she'd used to lead him around by the dick before. "Nigel&hellip;" Cold,
  disinterested, eyes stared down at her.  
"What are you doing?" Her voice trembled, her head twisted from side to side
  looking at all the men staring down at her. The suddenness of the backhanded
  slap across her face was shocking.  
"Shut the fuck up bitch. Get those clothes off, now!" Another blow landed
  on her cheek sending her head twisting to the side. Suzanne brought her hand
  to her face.  
"I said get your fucking clothes off cunt!" Suzanne started sobbing, somewhat
  in a daze as the blood ran down over her lip. She still tried to play the spoiled
  little victim, her eyes moved from man to man trying to use her feminine whiles,
  though for the first time in her life, it wasn't working.  
Suzanne squealed and raced to her feet when Richard started his hand on the
  backswing once more.  
"No! No!, I'll do it." Suzanne held out her hands as if to stop the next
  blow from coming, but Richard had stopped mid swing.  
"I'll do it, I'll do it!" Suzanne's huge chest was heaving, tears streaked
  down her cheeks, and her body shook with unrestrained terror.  
"Please!" Cold, dispassionate eyes stared back at her.  
"What are you doing?" Suzanne crossed her arms over her ample chest.  
"I said get your fucking clothes off you useless cunt!" Richard backhanded
  her once again making Suzanne's legs buckle with the force of the blow and
  she fell to her knees.  
"Get your fucking clothes off you whore, or shall we do it for you?" Richard
  pulled a huge military survival knife from the folds of his jacket and held
  the gleaming, razor sharp, metal blade inches from Suzanne's terrified face.  
"It's your choice cunt, for now!" Suzanne's hands shook so bad she had a
  hard time pulling the top up over her head. The material stuck to her body
  like glue, the fabric had to stretch to hold in her massive tits.  
"Please, what are you doing?" Suzanne tried to plead even as she pulled the
  blouse up over her head, showing her mass mammaries, which squeezed into a
  tight black lace bra.  
"Please!" Suzanne's torso shuddered sending her breasts jiggling as she tried
  to hold her arms tight to her body, still clutching the blouse in her hand.  
"I said strip you bitch!" Richard waved the knife through the air with menace.
  Suzanne dropped her top and tried desperately to work the catch on the back
  of her skirt. A constant stream of inarticulate babble spilled from her mouth.
  She whimpered and whined like the child that she was as she worked the tight
  skirt down over her hips.  
"Please, you can't do this!" Richard moved suddenly and slipped the blade
  up between her cleavage, he jerked the knife forward and cut her lacy brassiere
  down the middle. Suzanne screamed and brought her hands up to her tits.  
"NO!!! Stop this!" Richard ripped the torn lace from her body. The blade
  was at her hips instantly and up under panties. Suzanne tried to hold the black
  lace up, but the blade went through the fabric like butter.  
Suzanne tried to cross her legs over her smoothly shaven sex, she tried to
  cover her massive tits with her arms but the men had pounced, they grabbed
  for her wrists and ankles and picked her up off the ground. They held her spread
  wide and carried her to a rough log lying on the forest floor.  
Suzanne grunted loud as she was unceremoniously dumped over the thick downed
  tree. Sharp, dry, bark dug into her belly as four men pulled her arms and legs
  wide, making her balance on her stomach on the rough wood.  
"NOOOOOO!!! STOOOPPPP this!" Richard had already dropped his pants. The other
  men held her legs wide as he bellied up and slammed his dick into her dry pussy.  
"This is for my son you cunt!" The loud slap of flesh rang through the woods
  as Richard buried his cock deep in Suzanne's pussy, scraping her sensitive
  flesh raw as he slammed his hips forward as deep as he could go, making her
  grunt in fuck toy misery.  
"How do you like that bitch!" Richard grabbed hold of Suzanne's hair and
  ripped her head back, making her arch her neck painfully, his cock ramming
  home, filling her pussy as the rhythmic slapping of flesh echoed under the
  forest canopy!  
Four men held Suzanne's arms and legs wide, making her feel every ounce of
  the violent rape.  
"How do you like that cunt!" Richard brought an open hand down on Suzanne's
  twitching ass. Again and again he slapped her till her skin glowed red.  
The men not holding Suzanne down over the rough log had already stripped.
  It didn't take long for the first of them to step up to her face. Richard tugged
  hard back on her hair, keeping her head propped up as the first man slammed
  his cock home in her gaping mouth. Suzanne gagged desperately as the huge dick
  filled her mouth. The new rapist pinched her nostrils shut as she gasped for
  breath.  
"Suck my cock you whore!" The man filling her mouth brutally forced his dick
  to the hilt, till the bulge in Suzanne's throat was clearly visible. Her face
  went red from lack of oxygen as he rammed the head of his cock as far as it
  would go!  
"That's it bitch!" Suzanne's throat convulsed as she choked on the massive
  intrusion. Her nose was pressed into the sweaty patch of hair above his dick.
  The rapist was one of her previous boy toys, though she probably didn't even
  remember him now.  
Richard rutted Suzanne like an animal, driving his hips forward, making her
  squeal with the violent raping, at least as much as she could squeal with the
  massive dick filling her mouth and constricting her airway. Suzanne was just
  about to pass out when the rapist in her mouth pulled his dick out, just to
  the edge of her lips he let her take a deep breath. No sooner had the cool
  air filled her lungs than the man slammed forward, burying his rock hard cock
  deep in her mouth so she choked once again.  
The raw lust, and rage, of the rapists meant they couldn't last long. Richard
  held Suzanne's hips in a tight grasp as he brutally slammed forward, his balls
  slapping against her body repeatedly. He let out a roar as he shot his load
  deep in Suzanne's belly. Even though a huge dick filled her mouth, Suzanne
  let out a guttural grunt of horror as the sperm filled her pussy. Her hips
  were already sore from the brutal onslaught, her joints ached as her body was
  pummeled again and again by Richard's cock.  
Mere seconds after Richard spewed in Suzanne's pussy the rapist's cock in
  her mouth exploded. Jets of cum spurted to the back of her throat, it was more
  than she could take. The man grabbed two clumps of hair and twisted them hard,
  making Suzanne wail in pain as the sperm hit the back of her throat and rolled
  down into her stomach.  
No sooner had the first pair of vengeful men finished their violent rape
  than two more emotionally scared, but rock hard, men stepped between Suzanne's
  splayed arms and legs. She wailed in utter pain and degradation as another
  cock rammed home in her pussy. Richard's massive load of cum seeped out of
  her stretched cunt, easing the passage of her second vaginal rapist, but doing
  nothing to hold back the violation, and humiliation she felt being taken so
  brutally.  
One of the men put a clip on her dainty nose, making it so Suzanne desperately
  had to gasp for breath between the cocks that squeezed between her red, lipstick
  coated lips.  
After the third horny rapist shot his load in her pussy Suzanne felt a new
  intruder step between her spread legs. Her stomach was scraped raw and bloody
  from the rough log. Her mouth was free long enough from cock to let out a tortured
  scream into the night as the new large head of a dick pushed hard against her
  anus.  
Suzanne's face was slimy with cum, it dribbled out of her mouth and dangled
  off her chin. She was lightheaded and on the edge of passing out at any moment
  as another dick slid between her pretty lips. The men using her mouth were
  brutal, knowing she couldn't breathe they rammed home, feeling her tongue and
  throat convulsing involuntarily on their pricks as she gasped for breath.  
Suzanne screamed in complete degradation, buffeting the rapist's cock in
  her mouth with warm air as the dick in her ass sunk deeper and deeper. The
  pain was intense, and Suzanne thought she'd be ripped in two.  
The man using her mouth clamped his hands on Suzanne's head and started rabbit
  fucking her, jamming his cock in her mouth so fast the loud slurping sounds
  of her choking filled the tree lined hollow. Suzanne squealed like a stuck
  pig as her anal rapist got the length of his shaft in her ass. It had been
  a slow process, but once impaled he started driving his prick in and out of
  her like a piston, making her sphincter open to accommodate him, sending a
  ripping, burning pain through her body.  
The whole group of men raped Suzanne once, then they started again. Cum seeped
  out of her pussy and ass, lines of sperm dribbled out of her mouth. The rapist's
  moved slower the second time through and there wasn't as much frenzy as at
  the start, but they were still brutal with the little tramp. At one point she
  was flipped over, the rough, hard log scraping against her back, one man was
  between her legs, taking her ankles over his shoulders and fucking her like
  a rag doll, pumping his cock deep in her slimy pussy, driving his hips into
  her so she could only scream as the bark ripped into her flesh.  
Another rapist took advantage of her position and straddled her face, squatting
  down he forced his dick into her aching mouth, smacking her tits hard with
  his open hand as he drilled his cock deep in her throat, making her gag up
  sperm around his invading dick, while she desperately tried to get much needed
  air with the clip was still locked on her nose.  
The evening air started getting cold as the hours passed, and the men not
  taking advantage of the little whore started a raging fire. They all planed
  to stay the night and into the next day, fucking, and abusing the slut as often
  as they could. They'd come well prepared for the event.  
Richard hovered over the Suzanne, she was lying on her side in the dirt on
  the forest floor, coughing up cum that filled her belly. It ran over her face
  in streams, into her silky blonde hair and over her delicate features. Her
  legs were splayed wide and the sticky sperm bubbled out of her overfilled pussy.
  She was sobbing like a little child, wallowing in pain after she had been raped
  at least twenty times.  
Richard knelt down beside Suzanne, for a second he watched her laying there
  in a heap, her eyes lifted to meet his. For a second there seemed to be pity
  in his gaze, then he smacked her huge tits with his hand.  
"Stop your whining you cunt, this is what you're made for, this is what you
  deserve!" Richard moved quickly, he had a couple lengths of rope in his hands
  and he started looping one around the base of Suzanne's massive breast. She
  started squealing as the cord dug deeper and deeper in her flesh. Suzanne tried
  to fight Richard off, but quickly two of the other rapists pounced and grabbed
  hold of her arms and legs so they could hold her still.  
Richard worked quickly, looping the rope tight around Suzanne's tits so they
  started to bulge, almost immediately her large breasts swelled into hard balls
  of flesh.  
"Please st&hellip;" Suzanne's voice trailed off, she could barely make any
  sounds at all and Richard smacked her hard across the face.  
"Shut the fuck up bitch. You had your time to play, now it's ours!" He slapped
  her once more, sending Suzanne into a frenzy of tortured tears. Richard finished
  looping Suzanne's second breast with the cord, leaving a four or five foot
  length dangling from each tit.  
"Get to your feet you stupid cunt!" Richard tugged Suzanne to her feet using
  the cords dangling from her breasts. For an instant, her large tits were the
  only thing supporting her weight.  
"How do you like that whore!" Suzanne screamed like a banshee as she managed
  to get her feet under her, finally taking the strain off her tits.  
"Please, please stop this, yo&hellip;" Richard slapped Suzanne across the
  face again.  
"Shut the fuck up you cunt!" Suzanne whimpered like child.  
"Dance for me whore!" Richard tugged hard on the ropes and made Suzanne start
  running in circle. She almost lost her balance and tumbled to the ground, but
  she managed to keep her feet.  
"Dance for me cunt, kick those knees high!" Suzanne was wailing, bawling
  out of control, her huge breasts strained as Richard pulled hard on the ropes
  looped around her tits. She tried to kick her knees high in the air, looking
  almost like a horse.  
Suzanne was panting, breathless with the effort when Richard finally stopped
  tugging on her tits, she starting moving her hands to her breasts.  
"Don't fucking touch them you bitch!" The abject terror was clear in Suzanne's
  eyes. Perhaps for the first time in her life she wasn't in control around men.  
Two of the rapists stepped in and grabbed Suzanne's wrists, pulling them
  violently behind her back. They easily dragged her under one of the large trees.  
"Now we'll see how much you can take cunt!" The two men worked quickly and
  wrapped her wrists with more rope, after she was held firm, they tossed the
  free end up over a branch high in the air. Suzanne started screaming as they
  pulled hard on the rope and lifted her off the ground. She pointed her dainty
  toes trying to keep touch with the forest floor as long as she could, but with
  a hard tug the vengeful men jerked her off the ground.  
Richard stood before Suzanne, he ran his hand over her belly, and then up
  to her tits. He cupped the large red balls of flesh in his hands and took her
  hard nipples between his fingers.  
"How do you like me now slut? Was it worth it to ruin my life?" Suzanne started
  to speak, but before she could Richard slapped her bulging tits, making her
  wail out in pain.  
"I think we need something to shut you up with whore!" Richard nodded and
  one of the other men carried over a pail, the yellow liquid sloshed inside.
  Richard put on a latex glove and fished out a large natural sponge, it had
  been soaking in the liquid since early in the evening.  
"Open your mouth cunt!" Richard lifted the vile smelling sponge to Suzanne's
  lips, she tried to clamp her mouth shut, but after a few seconds she had to
  take a breath, the clip was still pinched tight on her nostrils.  
As soon as Suzanne opened her mouth to breathe Richard squeezed the huge
  sponge down and forced it into her mouth, the liquid ran down over Suzanne's
  chest, and she started screaming ineffectually as the urine started seeping
  down her throat.  
"Me and the boys filled up the bucket as we were raping you!" Richard smacked
  Suzanne's aching pussy with an open hand. "I hope you like the taste!" Suzanne
  spun her head side to side, desperate to get the disgusting sponge out of her
  mouth, but it was too big, it was huge in fact and expanded in her mouth even
  more, letting out all the absorbed piss into her throat. Richard pulled the
  clip off Suzanne's nose, so she could breathe through her nostrils.  
Richard pulled off the glove threw it to the ground. The two men who had
  tied Suzanne's wrists grabbed for her ankles and pulled them wide, wrapping
  more rope around her legs they tied off so her legs were spread wide, completely
  exposing her abused pussy. Her labia were swollen and red, cum gushed from
  her gaping pussy.  
The scene was lit bright by the roaring fire. It was too far away to provide
  much heat to Suzanne, her body was covered in goose bumps from the cool night
  air, but it kept the waiting men nice and toasty and lit the surroundings with
  an eerie yellow light.  
Richard grabbed a long wispy branch from the pile under the tree. He swished
  it through the air so Suzanne could see, and hear, him do it.  
The first swipe through the air came suddenly, Suzanne didn't even know what
  was happening till it was too late. The branch landed on her bulging tits,
  making her scream instantly. The wood sunk into her hard smooth flesh like
  butter.  
Richard didn't wait for her to recover, again and again he laid the branch
  down on Suzanne's skin, never hitting the same spot twice. The second blow
  landed on her belly, her whole body seemed to buck in response, her splayed
  legs tugged hard on the ropes tied off to the ground, her hips jerked forward
  and her head arched back in pain.  
The third blow landed on Suzanne's sex and thighs. Even with the piss soaked
  sponge stuffed in her mouth, Suzanne's screams pierced the cool night air.
  Her body convulsed in a spasm of complete and utter pain.  
Richard continued to lay stripes over Suzanne's body, moving down her frame
  he landed blows over her thighs and calves. When the first branch snapped over
  Suzanne's tits because he swung so hard, he just grabbed another from the pile
  and started again.  
Tears fell from Suzanne's eyes like a torrent. She wailed in complete misery.  
When Richard had had enough Suzanne's front was streaked with deep red welts,
  some had broke the skin and bloody lines crossed her body. Suzanne's tits were
  huge and red, and now lined with bloody welts.  
Suzanne got no respite, as soon as Richard broke the second branch over her
  pussy, another vengeful lover stood up and started whipping her body. No portion
  of her smooth white skin was left untouched. Back, front, tits, pussy, ass&hellip;deep
  red marks striped her skin like a tiger.  
One after another the men stood up and took their turn. Suzanne passed out
  as one of her former lovers started bringing the thin, flexible branch up between
  her spread legs, landing the wood directly on her clit and labia. Her head
  went limp and hung to the side as he continued to smack away at her unconscious
  body.  
When Suzanne woke up again the pain hit her instantly, her body burned, she
  could feel every line that crossed her skin. Her tits were aching and streaked
  with blood. After she'd passed out somebody had taken the free ends of the
  cords looped around her tits and stretched them hard, tying them off high in
  the branches, taking some of the weight off her wrists, but transferring it
  to her already aching breasts, and adding to her already blinding pain.  
The exhausted rapists sat around the raging fire, oblivious to the desperate
  yelps of pain that emerged from Suzanne's gagged mouth. The air was cold away
  from the fire, and she started shivering in the night air. The cold only added
  to the burning, and unbelievable pain, of multiple rapes, and having been whipped
  without mercy for hours.  
The moaning kept getting louder and louder from Suzanne's tortured body.
  Her ex's sat drinking beer around the warm fire for a good hour before Richard
  started back toward the tortured girl.  
"How's it going cunt." Suzanne was shivering, her nipples were rock hard
  and her breasts jiggled as her body trembled in the cold. Richard put on a
  pair of rubber gloves and pinched her nostrils shut, almost instantly Suzanne's
  face went red and her body started hopping from the ropes.  
"Want to breathe again slut, or die right now?" Richard roared in laughter
  as Suzanne frantically nodded her head up and down, her desperate eyes pleading
  with him.  
"What a fucking whore." Richard let go of Suzanne's nostrils and pulled the
  piss soaked sponge from her mouth. She started coughing and sputtering immediately.  
"Pleeeeeasssseeeee, stop this!!!" The men around the fire just roared in
  laughter when they heard her begging.  
"How does it feel to be played bitch?" Suzanne's head went limp and she just
  started sobbing. Out of the shadows two opened beer cans crashed into her body,
  the cold liquid covered her skin, and instantly made her even colder as the
  frigid alcohol started to evaporate.  
"Please, I won't tell anybody, I promise, please!!!"  
"You can say that again cunt." Richard stepped right in front of Suzanne,
  he grabbed her nipple and pinched it tight, twisting her sensitive skin and
  making her scream. Taking out his huge knife Richard cut away the cords looping
  Suzanne's tits, she started wailing as the blood filled her massive jugs again.  
"Nigel." Richard yelled toward the fire, to the man busy stoking it hotter
  and hotter, turning 4 long metal rods deep in the coals.  
"I think we're ready." Nigel pulled the first metal rod from the fire and
  started toward Suzanne. At first she didn't react, either she was too far gone,
  or she just didn't know what was happening, but as her former lover got closer,
  and Suzanne saw the glowing red rod in his hand, she started to scream and
  fight her bonds frantically.  
"NNNNOOOOOOOOOO!" Nigel didn't hesitate, he held the glowing red C up and
  pressed it hard into Suzanne's belly, the sizzle of flesh was immediate as
  he pushed the metal deep in her skin. Suzanne's cries went silent as she passed
  out.  
When Nigel pulled the metal rod back a large C was branded into the skin
  of Suzanne's belly, her pretty white skin bubbled.  
Richard pulled out the metal hairbrush he used to work his dogs fur with,
  the metal spikes were numerous, and a good 1" long, he needed only to land
  the barbs on Suzanne's swollen pussy lips once to bring her back to a screaming
  state of consciousness. By then Nigel was on his way back toward her with the
  second glowing metal rod.  
"NOOOOOO, STOOOOOPPPPPPP!" Suzanne erupted in even louder cries of torment
  the second time, her piercing screams rang through the forest as the red hot
  metal sunk into her flesh again, burning and sizzling till a U was marked in
  her skin. Suzanne's face was the color of a beet, almost as intense as the
  bubbling marks on her stomach.  
Suzanne was gasping for breath as Nigel walked away, snot ran down her chin,
  drool seeped out of her pretty lips as her glazed eyes stared desperately at
  Richard but he didn't react. Her voice started cracking as she let out another
  terrified scream, Nigel moved toward her again, holding yet another glowing
  rod in his hands.  
Suzanne's skin crackled as the N was applied to her belly, her vocal chords
  were raw by the time Nigel pulled the metal away from her skin. Richard slapped
  her hard across the cheek to make sure she didn't pass out as Suzanne's body
  was convulsing with pain.  
Nigel showed absolutely moved back toward the fire. Suzanne's stomach muscles
  were rolling, clinching and spasming involuntarily with the pain.  
Nigel pulled the last unused metal bar from the fire and moved toward Suzanne,
  her mouth was wide open, screaming like a banshee as the T was pushed hard
  against her flesh. Nigel rocked the metal side to side, making sure that the
  letter was perfectly formed and indented on her belly.  
Suzanne couldn't scream anymore, she was gasping for breath as the last glowing
  metal rod was pulled away from her flesh. Tears streaked down her cheeks and
  her belly flashed a new message as her once pure white flesh was emblazoned
  with bubbling red letters that spelled out CUNT.  
"I'll give you something to cry now about whore!" Richard let out a hearty
  chuckle and picked up a large truck battery he'd set on the ground just below
  Suzanne.  
"This'll warm you up." Suzanne started screaming when she saw the copper
  jumper cables already attached to the battery. Her eyes went huge when Richard
  held the two cable ends up before her eyes and brought them close together
  till a violent blue spark shot between the heads. The men, Suzanne's former
  lovers, slowly got up from the warm, comforting, fire and stood in a close
  circle around the piteously bleating girl.  
"How do you like this cunt?" Richard touched the cable ends to Suzanne's
  nipples. The pain was instant and her whole body convulsed as the powerful
  current flowed through her chest. Suzanne wailed in complete and utter pain,
  Richard only laughed as he held the copper clamps to her breasts, making her
  froth at the mouth as she screamed.  
The men moved close around Suzanne as Richard pulled the jumper cable points
  away from her tits, she was still screaming as her body bucked from the ropes
  holding her aloft.  
"Let's try here you cunt!" Richard put the copper ends to Suzanne's pussy,
  her thighs contracted and the rope creaked as her body bucked and jerked from
  the ropes. It almost sounded like the rope would snap, but somehow it helds
  tight as Suzanne's legs and arms spasmed under the electric onslaught.  
Richard could barely stay upright with the way he was roaring in pleasure,
  laughing and waving the jumper cables in his hands.  
"I love the way you dance bitch!" He touched the cables to her clit and her
  body jerked out of control once again. Bloody marks started showing where the
  rope cut into Suzanne's arms and legs. For an instant Richard pulled away the
  cables.  
"Plleee&mdash;" Suzanne's attempt at begging was cut off mid-word as Richard
  touched one cable end to her tit, and the other to her pussy.  
"Did I say you could talk whore!" Suzanne's body started jerking like a rag
  doll from the current, her hips drove forward and her legs contracted and throbbed
  as Richard held the copper ends to her skin for minutes at a time.  
Richard finally took the cables away from Suzanne's skin for mere seconds
  to open the mouths of the clamps, and then and he closed the sharp teeth down
  on her tits. Her body started jerking continuously against the ropes like a
  drugged, manic, marionette. Suzanne screamed loud as her muscles started to
  cramp as the current flowed and teeth dug deep into her massive breasts. Snot
  streamed out of her nose as her voice cracked and broke.  
After only 10-15 seconds Richard pulled the sharp teeth out of Suzanne's
  nipples, but it must have seemed like hours to her. Streaks of red ran down
  her chest and belly from her ravaged tits.  
"Let's see how you like this?" Richard closed the powerful clamps down on
  Suzanne's labia, the razor sharp teeth buried deep in her flesh as her body
  started jerking again, the ropes were creaking like they'd break, and it looked
  like Suzanne was riding a bronco, a huge bucking bronco.  
Richard stood back and roared as the malicious blue sparks jumped from pole
  to pole as Suzanne throbbed like a doll. Suzanne was hyperventilating, panting
  like a dog as Richard opened the razor teeth and pulled them from her pussy.  
"How do you like that cunt?" Blood ran down Suzanne's inner thighs as her
  muscles cramped and spasmed from the current.  
Richard set down the battery cables and pulled out a long machete. In one
  swipe he cut the rope holding Suzanne up and she fell to the forest floor in
  a heap. She didn't even have the energy to look up to see Richard pull out
  his dick. Not till Suzanne felt the steaming hot piss on her skin did she try
  to scream again.  
"This'll heat you up bitch!" Suzanne started wailing again as the stream
  of urine plastered her face and hair. Before Richard's bladder was empty the
  other men moved in close and started drowning her in brackish piss.  
"Open that mouth bitch!" Richard kicked Suzanne in the pussy, then grabbed
  for a large metal funnel he'd brought along. He chipped her teeth as he slammed
  the long funnel down in Suzanne's throat.  
"Don't let it fall out cunt!" Richard kicked Suzanne in the gut, landing
  the tip of his boot right between the U and the N on her belly. Her screams
  were hollow with the large metal pan stuffed between her teeth.  
The remaining men opened up and aimed their thick streams of urine straight
  in the middle of the funnel. Hours of gregarious beer drinking had them full
  of piss and the funnel filled quickly, the liquid sloshed around as Suzanne
  desperately tried to swallow, and choke, down the vile brew. Richard pinched
  Suzanne's nostrils shut with his gloved hand so she didn't have any choice
  but to swallow. Her marred, bloody, breasts heaved as she desperately tried
  to take down the steaming piss. It bubbled around the metal between her teeth,
  running in streams around her lips as the men kept shooting into the funnel.  
 Richard loomed over Suzanne, she was shivering, her body twitching in the
  cold, the funnel had fallen from her lips and lay on the ground next to her.
  She just stared up at Richard, unable to get out any words, not that anything
  she could have said would have done a damn bit of good for her.  
 "How do you feel whore." Richard pushed the tip of his boat into Suzanne's
  breast.  
 "Bet you wish you wouldn't have used those tits to get guys as much right
  now, do you?" Piss bubbled out of Suzanne's lips as she tried ineffectually
  to respond.  
 "That's right cunt, I think you've finally learned your lesson. Too bad
  it's much too late for it to do you any good."  
 "Hey Richard, I want to fuck the bitch again." Richard turned his head toward
  the voice, the other men were lined up to his right, one had his dick out and
  was stroking it as he looked at his former lover spread obscenely on the ground.  
 "Then get the buckets." Richard stood ominously over Suzanne.  
 "I guess there is still some use for you cunt." Richard kicked Suzanne in
  the chest, crushing her tit with his boat, then he walked back to the fire.  
The other men filled 5 gallon buckets full of icy cold water from the lake
  nearby and dumped them on Suzanne's piss soaked body. Each dousing of water
  sent her into a set of pitiful screams as her body was shocked back to life
  with the frigid blast.  
 It took a good 6 buckets full of water to satisfy the men she was clean,
  Suzanne was gasping desperately for breath after the cold bath. A couple of
  the guys grabbed her arms and dragged her back over the sharp, rough, bark
  of the downed tree. No sooner was her branded belly over the log than one of
  the men had his dick in her ravaged pussy. Suzanne started screaming as one
  of her former lovers buried his cock in her ripped and torn sex, brutally raping
  her.  
Watching Suzanne having been tortured must have revived all the men and got
  them once more aroused, because a second man bellied up to Suzanne's face and
  slammed his dick in her mouth while a queue formed to fuck the girl, again.  
For the second time in 24 hours Suzanne was the object of a violent gang
  rape. One after another her ex-.lovers' stepped up and buried their cocks in
  her; her mouth, her pussy, her ass. Suzanne never stopped screaming as they
  used her again. Dick after dick filled her, and each of them came inside her,
  making sure she felt their cum deep in her body. Sperm ran from Suzanne's nose
  like snot, it dribbled from her pussy, her asshole was gaping, and dripping
  long white lines of cum down her thighs.  
Suzanne screamed long and hard as each of the men grabbed her battered tits,
  tugging on her mauled nipples till she wailed in pain.  
The second gang rape continued for a good two hours, some of the men shooting
  their 4 th  and 5 th  loads
  into her body. When the men were finally finished for the second time, Suzanne
  lay in a heap over the log. She was so out of it her newly branded belly scraped
  against the rough log and she didn't seem to notice. Cum seeped profusely out
  of all Suzanne's openings.  
Content the men were through, Richard stood over the partially conscious
  girl. He put on a pair of rubber gloves and grabbed for a clump of Suzanne's
  blonde locks.  
"I should have got the boys together a long time ago, don't you think, maybe
  had you opened up all your holes then, you would have learned not to be such
  a bitch!" Richard let go of Suzanne's hair, her head fell limp over the log
  as she groaned in abject pain and humiliation.  
"I don't want you running away bitch!" Richard grabbed for Suzanne's head
  again, in his free hand he had a paper hole punch, like a pair of pliers. In
  spite of her pain Suzanne started thrashing off the log like a fish when she
  saw it.  
 "Hold the bitch!" Instantly two men pounced on Suzanne and pinned her to
  the log. One guy grabbed her wrists and pulled them into the small of her back.
  Richard arched her head up as Suzanne started desperately screaming again.  
 "I'm going to like this cunt!" Richard put the paper hole punch up into
  Suzanne's nostrils, she started to shake violently when she felt the punch
  closing on her septum.  
 "Not to hygienic, but it's not going to matter much for you whore!" Richard
  squeezed the handle together till you could hear the pop of her cartilage being
  punctured, Suzanne screamed as the blood started pouring out of her nose.  
 Richard was roaring in laughter as he tossed the hole punch on the ground.
  He pulled a ring out of his pocket and worked it through the newly formed hole
  in Suzanne's nostrils.  
 "How do you like that bitch!" Richard grabbed a pair of pliers from his
  pocket and snapped the ring shut with a loud pop. He let go of Suzanne's head
  and let her collapse back on the log. Blood ran down over her face as he clipped
  the end of a chain to her new nose piercing.  
 "I wouldn't want you going anyplace cunt!" Richard smacked Suzanne hard
  across the cheek sending blood spurting over the forest floor. He took the
  chain and looped it around the log. Standing back he watched Suzanne's vacant
  eyes staring back at him.  
 "Hey boys, anybody got their fishing gear along, I think she needs something
  else."  
 One of the other men went and grabbed his tackle box from near the fire,
  he came back and handed it to Richard, who started digging through the lures
  and hooks.  
 "This is what we need." Suzanne was moaning in pain spread over the log,
  almost oblivious to the men standing around her. Richard held up a fishing
  hook, it was a good inch and a half long, maybe longer.  
 "Get her over on her back." Hands were at Suzanne immediately. She howled
  in pain as they flipped her over onto her back, forcing the rough bark into
  her skin and spreading her legs wide. One man each took hold of her ankle's
  and pulled them wide.  
 "NOOOO!" Cum shot from Suzanne's mouth as she screamed. Richard started
  playing with her clit, rubbing it, almost gently after the hours and hours
  of brutal rapes and beatings. In spite of herself and the pain in her body,
  Suzanne started to react to Richard's expert mechanizations. She tried to kick
  her legs free, but the men held her tight.  
 "That's right cunt, now it's time for a little piercing!" Richard pushed
  the sharp point of the fish hook against Suzanne's hard clit, she tried to
  thrash, to do anything to get free, but she was held tight and the barbed point
  of the hook pierced her sensitive flesh.  
 "Squeal for me bitch!" Richard slowly pushed the sharp tip of the hook through
  her hard clit, moving agonizingly slow. Suzanne let out a continuous wail of
  pain, her body jerked in the grasp of the men holding her, her stomach rippled
  as her muscles spasmed.  
 "God please, NOOOOOO!!!" Richard pushed the point of the hook through Suzanne's
  clit, the jagged barb popped out just as Suzanne passed out.  
 The men let go of Suzanne and let her arms and legs go limp over the log.
  Richard had one more thing to do, he pulled a little brass bell from his pocket
  and attached it to the end of the hook. Not doing it for Suzanne's sake at
  all, he crushed down the point of the hook so it wouldn't jab anybody that
  was using her.  
 "Let's make sure this cunt doesn't pass out again." Richard reached in his
  jacket pocket, he had the syringe at the ready, it was filled with enough drugs
  to keep Suzanne up through the worst pain she could ever imagine. Richard plunged
  the needle into her arm and emptied the liquid in Suzanne's body.  
 "That'll work." It only took about a minute for Suzanne to come to life
  screaming. As she writhed around on her back the little bell clanged from her
  newly pierced clit in the cold night air. Already her body was on fire with
  the drugs, and Suzanne rolled over onto her stomach and got on her hands and
  knees. She couldn't move far, the ring in her nose held her close to the log.  
 "PPllllleeeeeeeeaaaaasseeeeeee!" Suzanne screamed into the night, getting
  no response from the men who slowly ambled back to the warm fire.  
 "PLlleeeaassseeee Richard, pleeeesssseee."  
 "Shut up cunt!" Richard grabbed the chain attached to her nose and arched
  her head up to look him in the eyes.  
 "You're such a useless little slut, don't you ever learn?" Suzanne was sobbing,
  completely broken as Richard let go of the chain and sauntered back to the
  fire, leaving her wired on drugs, freezing in the cold air with the little
  brass bell dinging constantly as her body trembled.  
 The sun started coming up a couple hours later, Suzanne was in a heap on
  the ground, pulling her arms and legs in close to her body trying for any semblance
  of warmth she could find. She'd tried to sleep, or pass out, during the night,
  but the drugs racing through her system wouldn't allow it.  
Suzanne started screaming desperately as 4 huge dogs discovered her, they
  were the animals of some of the men. Suzanne let out piercing howls as the
  3 Rottweiler's and a Mastiff found her lying on the ground and started licking
  her battered skin. Richard finally came over after about 5 or 10 minutes and
  chased the dogs away, only then did Suzanne stop crying out into the night.  
Some of the men caught a few moments of sleep before the fun was to begin
  again, they were waiting, recuperating, until it was time to heap more abuse
  of their former lover.  
 Suzanne's body trembled all night long, a combination of the drugs and the
  cold kept her muscles twitching and contracting, causing her agonizing pain.  
 Suzanne was in a drug induced haze as Richard moved back towards her.  
 "Look who's joined us cunt." Suzanne looked up with tortured eyes as Richard
  stood over her. With her brain fried as it was, she could barely recognize
  her co-worker Jenny standing there too.  
 "That's right bitch, I've had a friend out from work, I think you remember
  her, don't you?" Cum still dribbled out of Suzanne's full stomach as she tried
  to speak.  
 "Pleeaaaasssssseeeeee" The word barely escaped her lips as she looked dejectedly
  at her grinning coworker.  
 "Want to take her for a walk Jenny?" Richard picked up the chain and detached
  it from the ground, he handed the end to Jenny.  
 "Crawl for me bitch!" Jenny tugged on the chain, making Suzanne squeal as
  the ring tugged hard on her septum.  
 "I said move bitch!" The small little bell clanged to life as Suzanne desperately
  tried to get to her knees. The pain in her nose was intense, but nothing like
  the feelings in the rest of her body.  
 "Pleeeeaaaassssseeee." Suzanne screamed as Jenny tugged hard on the chain,
  making her do all she could to keep up, crawling desperately over the rough
  forest floor, rocks and branches dug into her hands and knees as the chain
  pulled at her nose. She had to hobble over downed limbs, scraping her already
  raw tits and pussy on the rough bark, all the while the little bell dinged
  from her pierced clit, adding to her humiliation.  
 Jenny pulled Suzanne toward the fire, for the first time in hours and hours
  Suzanne felt some warmth. The crowd of men slowly came too as Suzanne whimpered
  and cried, her massive tits jiggling painfully as Jenny brought her to a halt.  
 Richard ran his hand through Suzanne's hair, mocking her, making her sob
  even louder in utter degradation.  
 "For those of you that don't know her, Jenny works with Suzanne and hates
  the little cunt too, she overheard my plans about what we were going to do
  and wanted to play too, so I invited her along." The men roared in laughter,
  they slowly worked their tired bodies up off the benches and got to their feet.  
 Richard knelt next to Suzanne, she started weeping loud as she felt him
  near her. She started to scream as he started working his fingers in her gaping,
  tortured sex.  
 "Jenny had a special request for the bitch." Suzanne tried to crawl away
  as Richard forced a third finger in her dry pussy.  
 "Don't move cunt!" Richard smacked Suzanne hard on the ass.  
 "Do you want to do the honors?" Jenny just nodded back to Richard and he
  got to his feet, he moved out of the way so Jenny could get in behind Suzanne.  
 "I think we need to do something to keep her still, don't you?" It was a
  rhetorical question and Richard grabbed the chain attached to Suzanne's nose,
  he tugged on it hard, intensifying the tortured girl's screams. He tied the
  chain to the ground, giving Suzanne no room to move. He then spread her legs
  wide and looped rope around her ankles, pinning her to the ground, spread and
  available.  
 "I think the cunt is ready for you Jenny." Suzanne whimpered and cried as
  she looked back at her coworker. Jenny had her sleeve rolled up and was coating
  her fist and arm with oil.  
Suzanne's body jerked to life as Jenny knelt between her spread legs and
  forced her fingers into the battered folds of Suzanne's pussy. The raped over
  girl started screaming as first one, then two, then four of Jenny's fingers
  snaked their way into Suzanne's pussy. It wasn't a gentle, friendly, lesbian
  fisting, Jenny scraped her nails over Suzanne's bloody and mangled sex to hurt
  the girl even more. The little bell clanged hard as the Suzanne bucked and
  jerked against the penetration. Suzanne howled as Jenny rammed her fist indiscriminately
  into Suzanne's pussy. Richard stood over the scene, smiling as Jenny's fist
  slid inside the tight opening of Suzanne's sex.  
"OOOOoowwwwwweeeeeee." Suzanne howled as Jenny's fist and forearm slammed
  into her body. Jenny started ramming her fist in and out of Suzanne's body
  like a punching bag, opening her hand inside, brutally scraping Suzanne's sensitive
  pussy with her sharp nails.  
"How's that cunt?" Jenny screamed at Suzanne, Richard could only smile as
  his former lover's body convulsed in pain. Jenny's arm was deep inside Suzanne,
  she was slamming her fist into the tormented girl's cervix, making her scream
  out in pain.  
"Pllllleeeeeaaasssseeeee, stop!" Suzanne wailed as Jenny fucked her with
  all her might, shredding Suzanne's pussy from the inside.  
"That's it bitch, beg me!" Jenny's eyes glowed like fire as she violently
  fist fucked Suzanne. She was manic, and Richard finally had to pull her away
  making Jenny's fist pop from Suzanne's tight pussy with a sickening sound.  
"Let the boys at her Jenny." Jenny was panting and frenzied as one of the
  other men knelt between Suzanne's splayed legs. He didn't bother to put much
  oil on his arm, he wanted to hear Suzanne scream as he forced his large hand
  in her pussy.  
Suzanne almost ripped the ring from her nose the way she lurched forward
  as the man's hand delved into her body. Her vaginal muscles burned, and felt
  like they'd tear as the man slammed his fist deep in her belly. Suzanne screamed
  till her voice started to crack as one of her former boyfriend's fist went
  the hilt in her pussy. He started pounding his closed hand into her cervix,
  bruising and battering her already wasted cunt.  
"That's it bitch, how does it feel?" Suzanne's head collapsed on the ground
  as a thick forearm slid in and out of her pussy like a piston.  
Jenny stood in the early morning shadows and grinned as she watched man after
  man rammed his fist into Suzanne's pussy. She couldn't wait to see the little
  whore's other hole opened for business next.  
Suzanne wailed like a banshee as another thick hand filled her now loose,
  gaping, pussy. She couldn't contract her vaginal muscles anymore, they were
  strained and tortured from the huge hands that had filled, and stretched, her.  
When the men finally stopped using her pussy Suzanne stayed sobbing on her
  hands and knees, her cunt a huge dark hole.  
Jenny didn't wait long, Suzanne started wailing as her former coworker got
  to her knees behind her and started lubing up once again.  
"NOOOOOOO!!!" Suzanne screamed as Jenny started wedging her fingers into
  Suzanne's ass. Suzanne's body violently jerked and bucked as multiple fingers
  penetrated her. Suzanne's sphincter burned as Jenny harshly forced her oiled
  hand inside the spasming muscle that tried to open up.  
"How's that whore?" Jenny smacked Suzanne's ass with her free hand as she
  opened her fingers inside Suzanne's rectum and started scraping her insides
  with her nails.  
Jenny need only nod to Richard for him to untie Suzanne's legs and remove
  the chain from the ground.  
"Crawl for me cunt." With Jenny's fist buried deep in Suzanne's body, Jenny
  made the girl start crawling on the rough forest floor like an animal. Suzanne
  howled in pain and humiliation as she was forced to move around the fire, Jenny's
  arm impaled in her ass, the men roaring in laughter as they watched.  
As soon as Jenny pulled her balled fist from Suzanne's pussy the rest of
  the men stood up to take their turns. It was like a never ending event.  
Over the next hour Suzanne's ass and pussy were fisted again and again till
  she finally collapsed on the ground, unable to get to her knees anymore with
  the throbbing pain in her pelvis. Richard and Jenny smiled and stood off to
  the side, watching the girl suffer, feeling like some vengeance had been got,
  but knowing more was still to come.  
 The morning mist had almost completely burned away in the hours since Suzanne
  had been vaginally, and anally fisted, and the air was getting warmer and warmer
  by the minute. Suzanne was collapsed on the ground, sobbing indiscriminately,
  unable to pass out as Richard and Jenny plotted her end.  
The dogs started barking and circling the tortured girl, Suzanne screamed
  as they started licking her cum seeping pussy. Richard stood over Suzanne,
  her tear filled eyes looked up at him desperately, but he only grabbed for
  the chain ringed to her nose.  
"Move bitch!" Richard tugged on the leash and pulled Suzanne up to her hands
  and knees. Her body ached, worse than she could have ever imagined. Her mauled,
  massive, tits burned with pain as she moved, swinging side to side as she crawled
  despondently behind her former lover.  
Jenny was squatting next to a small wooden bench, it was the perfect height
  to have Suzanne bent over on her hands and knees, but giving some support for
  the fucking to come. As Richard moved her near, Jenny grabbed Suzanne's long
  blonde locks and pulled her into position over the wooden frame. Richard tied
  Suzanne's knees wide, looping the rope around her legs and spreading her, while
  Jenny tugged Suzanne's arms to the bottom corners of the frame and tied her
  wrists off.  
"One more thing cunt." Jenny smiled viciously and held up a hammer, she had
  long nails in her hands that looked like they could be used as spikes for a
  crucifixion.  
"Wouldn't want you going anywhere bitch!" Jenny took hold of Suzanne's right
  nipple, she tugged the tortured little bud and stretched it as Suzanne was
  screaming, desperately trying to beg Jenny not to hurt her more, but Jenny
  pulled hard on the nipple, and pressed the tip of the nail against the base
  of her aureole. Jenny held the sensitive flesh up against the wood of the bench,
  and then, in a cruel, malicious, blow, pierced Suzanne's tit with the nail.
  Jenny pounded the spike deep in the wood so Suzanne couldn't move if she wanted
  to, Suzanne's horrible screams cut through the early morning air, waking any
  of the sleeping men, as first one, then both, of Suzanne's tits were nailed
  to the wooden bench.  
Jenny got to her feet and loomed over the wailing girl, her body was trembling
  with excitement as Suzanne let out a constant stream of pitiful screams until
  her voice started to crack and falter.  
"That's it bitch, scream!" A wry smile came across Richard's face as he watched
  lustfully, he'd finally got the revenge he deserved on the former lover, who
  had all but ruined his life.  
Richard pulled a garrote from his pocket and looped it around Suzanne's neck.  
"NOOOOO Pllllleeeaaaasseeeee!" Richard started cinching the rope tight around
  Suzanne's neck, making her cough and sputter as her airwave was constricted.
  Jenny started flicking the bell and hook in Suzanne's clit, making the tortured
  girl hop and buck off the bench with pain as her air was cut off. The loud
  clanging of the bell started to draw the rest of the men around the scene.
  Suzanne was just about to pass out, desperately gasping for breath when Richard
  let the garrote loose.  
"Ph&hellip;P&hellip;Pll&hellip;" Suzanne couldn't get out any words as she
  tried to get air into her lungs. Jenny took control of the garrote and Richard
  grabbed one of the large Rottweilers by the collar. He didn't have to do much
  in the way of encouragement, the red tip of the dog's penis was growing, and
  visible, as Richard pulled the animal toward Suzanne. She didn't even notice
  till the sharp claws of the dog scraped her back after he climbed on her, only
  then did she know what was happening.  
"NNOOOOOOOO!" The dog mounted Suzanne and frantically tried to find her pussy
  with his prick, his hips bucked and jerked searching for her cunt.  
Suzanne screamed in complete pain as the dog buried his raging penis deep
  in her belly. The dog started ramming his hips deep in Suzanne's pussy, the
  pre-cum slimed her body like a hose, and he managed to lock the knot in her
  cunt before he got too large.  
Suzanne kept trying to scream in spite of the constricting garrote around
  her neck, Jenny slowly twisted the wooden handle tight, making Suzanne desperately
  gasp for breath as the monster dog pummeled her pussy with his massive dick,
  the huge knot ripping at her aching snatch with each thrust.  
The dog was rough and violent, and if not for the mass of the wooden frame,
  Suzanne would have been pushed across the forest floor with the rutting, instead
  her hips slammed into the wood, bruising her horribly. Jenny allowed just enough
  air in Suzanne's throat to keep her conscious. Suzanne couldn't scream, only
  a loud whistle escaped from her lips as she was fucked raw by the dog.  
"Are you going to cum yet slut!" Jenny yelled into Suzanne's face, allowing
  hardly any air in as the dog fucked Suzanne with insane violence.  
In spite of the garrote Suzanne managed to scream as the dog's hot prick
  spasmed and started filling her with canine cum. Jenny opened and closed the
  garrote, allowing Suzanne air, then just as quickly taking it away. The dog's
  prick kept pumping, and the sperm flooded out of Suzanne's tortured pussy like
  a river.  
After the first dog pulled his knot free he started licking Suzanne clean.
  Jenny pinched the garrote tight, cutting off Suzanne's airway just as she started
  to moan. The long, moist tongue of the dog lapped at her tortured pussy, driving
  Suzanne to the edge of orgasm.  
"Come on slut, cum for me." Jenny held Suzanne by the hair and made her look
  into her eyes. Suzanne groaned as she was about to cum, and pass out at the
  same time.  
Richard led the second dog in, with the smell of the first dogs sperm all
  over Suzanne, their was no trouble getting him to mount the girl. Suzanne let
  out a horrible cry as the second doggy penis penetrated her. Jenny closed the
  garrote tighter, just as Suzanne was about to cum.  
The second dog was even more violent than the first. Suzanne's whole body
  jerked from her bonds and the flesh of her tits strained as the dog slammed
  into her pussy, filling her with his huge knot, and in spite of the situation,
  driving her to orgasm. Jenny kept the garrote alternating, letting Suzanne
  breathe, then choking her nearly to death.  
"OOOOOOhhhhhh GOODDDdd, stop!!!" Suzanne barely got the words out as the
  garrote was loosened. Jenny smiled and started choking her again as her former
  coworker started to cum.  
"You're just a two bit doggy cum slut whore!" Jenny slapped Suzanne's nailed
  tits and cut off her air. The second dog started pumping his massive load of
  cum deep in Suzanne's pussy.  
Richard was ready with the next dog, he had to hold the beast back by the
  collar. Each new animal seemed to get rougher and rougher.  
 Jenny made Suzanne cum again as the third dog rutted the bound and spiked
  girl  
"This is your true nature cunt." Jenny slammed her fist into Suzanne's stretched
  tit.  
"You should have fucked dogs all along!" Suzanne could barely stay conscious,
  but she felt every ounce of humiliation, knowing that the dogs had made her
  cum, they made her orgasm like she'd never orgasmed before.  
Richard led the final dog in, it was a huge mastiff. The dog's sharp claws
  scraped Suzanne's back till lines of blood scared her skin as the massive beast
  mounted her. The huge animal crushed Suzanne under its weight as its huge knot
  sank into her gaping pussy.  
"It's not long now cunt!" Richard knelt in front of Suzanne and looked her
  in the face, her glazed eyes locked on his, her hollow, raspy breathing signaled
  the end was near as the massive mastiff pumped his cock deep in her pussy.  
Jenny opened the garrote slightly, letting Suzanne gasp for one last breath
  just as the mastiff was about to cum.  
Suzanne's eyes went wide as more doggy cum filled her belly, Jenny squeezed
  the loop tight around her neck cutting off her air flow completely.  
Hollow, desperate groans of pleasure were the last sounds Suzanne made as
  her eyes closed for good.  
 The End  
Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed... I always enjoy hearing from people
  who like my writings, especially females. Thanks. Aspererus aspererus@yahoo.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aspererus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





