BDSM Library - Wife's Wednesday Service




Wife's Wednesday Service
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Middle-aged wife and mother blackmailed into becoming a cruel abuser's weekly personal pain/pleasure pet.
"Oh my god......oh my god......" as she stared incredulously at the envelope and
it's contents on the table where she'd dropped them the words tumbled from her
lips unaware that she'd actually  said them aloud.

She sat there, in the lovely new sunroom of their lovely new house, the product
of several years of marriage and hard work by her very well known and successful
husband.  Still wearing her silk sheer dressing gown, her morning's coffee now
going cold, unattended due to her shock.

"How could this have happened?" she wondered.  Here she was, nearing her 46th
birthday.  She'd been married to her husband Bill for nearly 25 years now, their
two boys grown, one graduated from college and the other just gone to begin his
senior year at Harvard.  Bill's success had been hard earned and now he was a
key member of the community, politically active and being talked about as a
candidate for Governor in the election in two years.

They had met just after Bill finished college, and she was back home for the
summer between her Junior and Senior years at an out of state university.  She
had gone with a friend to a party in the next state and there she'd met Bill. 
It was instant attraction, and they married 8 weeks later and she never went
back.  In all the years she'd never discussed it, with Bill or anyone.  In
essence she had begun a brand new life, in a new place, with a new last
name....almost as though her former self had ceased to exist.

As she looked down at the photos on the table where she'd dropped them in shock
brought the memories flooding back.  The memories, the darkness, the depravity
of it all........she thought she had forgotten, erased it from her memory,
almost as if it had never happened......and now this.  There she was, nude, in
various positions, sucking cocks and pussies with what appeared to be equal
fervor.  Another set of her, over a table, receiving a cock in her mouth and
what seems to be a fairly severe beating on her ass.  God, she remembered that
night!  Yet another with her prominent tits tied, small strings on her
nipples......and she was pulling on them herself!

The note that had accompanied the photos was very brief:

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO KEEP THESE BETWEEN YOU AND I, YOU WILL BE IN THE MAIN LOBBY
OF THE AIRPORT HILTON TOMORROW AT 1:00 PM.  IF YOU DO NOT SHOW UP, OR ARE LATE,
I WILL HAVE COPIES DELIVERED TO ALL OF THE LOCAL NEWSPAPERS AS WELL AS YOUR
HUSBAND'S OFFICE AND EACH OF YOUR NEIGHBORS.

She sat there, stunned, and suddenly disgusted with herself as she realized that
the old familiar twinge was suddenly present between her legs.  She had given up
the "depraved" lifestyle immediately upon meeting Bill, and she honestly hadn't
thought of it, or missed it in years and years.  And now, in one brief moment
her whole existence was being threatened and a few old photos had her wetting
herself like the slut she once was.

Tomorrow was Wednesday, the only day of the week when she didn't have a club or
committee meeting of some sort - her only free day of the week.  Oh god, was it
possible that he knew that?  Had she been followed?  Stalked?  She involuntarily
looked around and drew her gown a bit tighter around her.

The rest of the day and evening were a blur of unbidden flashes of memory,
anticipation, dread and tension.  She was so distracted that even Bill commented
on it and asked her if everything was all right.  She smiled at him, suddenly
fearful that she'd somehow given something away.  She had no doubt that he would
be reviled and disgusted.  Not only at her previous "interests", but also since
she'd kept it from him all these years.  And, oh GOD!  If this became
public......the conservative, family values oriented and upright potential
candidate with the whore wife........it would be the end of him and their life
as they'd come to know it.

WEDNESDAY

The morning evaporated at times dragging on as if in slow motion and suddenly
she was parking her Mercedes in the Hilton garage and walking on somewhat
unsteady legs to the main lobby.  She had taken stock of her personal assets,
hoping that if she could offer a few thousand dollars of immediate cash that
this would all just go away.

She entered the lobby wearing a conservative skirt and jacket.  The peach
colored skirt ended just at her knees and the jacket was the wrap around style
over a sheer white shell of a blouse.  She looked every bit the comfortable,
well- groomed wife of someone fairly important.  She had taken stock of herself
this morning in the bathroom mirror, she was quite pleased with herself at this
point in life.  Even at her age, her 38C breasts showed only the slightest
indication of sag, her hips were not overly wide and her ass was slightly fuller
than it had been before the boys but still not overly large as many her age. 

She looked around, this was the first time she'd been here since she and Bill
had attended the festive opening ceremonies when the construction was completed
several years ago.  The lobby was buzzing with midday activity, people checking
in and out, coming in and leaving from lunching one of the restaurants, going
out and returning from meetings, appointments, and day trips through the city. 

Then she saw him, she somehow knew it was him, he was probably in his late 40's
or so, tall, well dressed in a casual charcoal gray suit with a silken black
t-shirt underneath.  His hair was auburn and graying at the temples, his eyes
something of a hazel with gold flecks that seemed to shimmer when he cast them
directly on her.

As she made her way slowly over to where he was sitting, at a table in a small
semi-alcove, she saw the envelope on the table - identical to the one she'd
received yesterday and it suddenly hit home even harder - this man is serious,
he has what he needs to destroy my life and he means business.

"Sit down" he said.  His voice even, not pleasant but not harsh and she did.

He looked her over carefully, his eyes appraising her hair, face, her body and
legs.  She shivered involuntarily, it was almost as if he saw directly through
her expensive clothes.

"I'm pleased that you were prompt, it bodes well for our arrangements that you
understand the position that you're in" he spoke calmly, evenly, looking
directly into her eyes.

She summoned her courage and finally spoke in what was almost a desperate
whisper, "What is it you want from me?  I've got some money and I'm willing to
buy the photos from you but only if we finish this today."

He smiled and said, "I expected that you would offer money first.  No thank you,
I've plenty of my own, next option?"  Such arrogance, he was baiting her,
playing with her, and clearly enjoying her discomfort.

She stared, incredulously, as inside her heart gave a simultaneous flutter and
sinking feeling, she had somehow known that money would not be the answer to
this situation.  She opened her mouth to speak again, and the words failed her. 

"Let me help you" he said, turning to face her more fully, his face suddenly
quite more serious than before, "I've an arrangement in mind that should be
useful for both of us.  It will satisfy me, and it will keep your ugly secret
past from becoming front-page news.  Interested?"

She looked over at him, momentarily lost in his eyes that seemed to sparkle and
flash as he spoke.  "Ummm......yes, perhaps."

He reached down on the table and calmly opened the envelope, sliding a stack of
photos mostly out of it, there she was, exposed for anyone who passed by to see,
salaciously slurping a large cock.

As her faced immediately reddened he continued, "This is what I want."

A questioning look from her, as she spoke very quietly, concerned who might
overhear her, "A blowjob?"  He thought he sensed a bit of relief in her voice.

He chuckled, "No, no, oh no, I want you, more specifically, your service, your
body, your mind, your dignity."

She was aghast.  She physically recoiled back slightly in her seat as his words
exploded in her brain. Oh my god, this was far worse than she originally
suspected.

"This is the proposal I have for you.  There happen to be 52 photographs, more
specifically, 52 negatives of your various exploits.  I have one set of prints
and you have the other.  You will serve me, willingly and completely, each
Wednesday for between 2 and 8 hours - as I wish; and in return, each week I will
return one negative to you.  When you've "earned" the last negative our
arrangement will be completed and we shall part company.  There are other
conditions that I will explain in a moment however, do you understand thus far?"

His eyes bored into hers as he waited for her response.  She was stunned,
shocked, appalled, disgusted, and secretly somewhere deep inside slightly
aflutter. 

She gulped and in a barely audible whisper, "What would I have to do to .....
serve you?"

"Everything and anything I wish, that's one of the conditions.  You will be
completely obedient, subservient, and accommodating - regardless of what I may
demand of you.  In essence I will own you for several hours a week.  Refusals,
hesitation, or a lack of enthusiasm will not be tolerated and will brook severe
reprisals and may in fact, void our agreement and cause me to release these as
I've previously discussed.  Understood?"

She wavered, her thoughts racing through her head, oh god, I can't do this,
maybe I could have him arrested for extortion; wait, no, then I'd have to reveal
myself.  Maybe Bill knows someone who could make him just disappear, jesus! 
what am I thinking?!! 

She nodded, almost imperceptibly.

"No, no that won't do.  I need to hear you, speak up my dear.  Do you
understand?"  the last three words a bit louder and stronger than the others.

She wanted to die, she was just certain that any one of several of the general
passers-by had overheard him.

"Yes, I understand" she replied meekly, keeping her eyes downcast and fighting
an internal battle to resist reaching out and covering the photo that he had
left exposed laying on the coffee table between them.

"Good" he reached into the breast pocket of his jacket and produced an envelope
and withdrew a folded piece of paper from it, speaking as he unfolded it and
laid it in front of her "I've taken the liberty of drawing up a basic legal
agreement between us.  I am hopeful and somewhat confident that it will be
completely unnecessary however; it is important to protect myself in the event
you have some complete loss of your senses and attempt to involve the
authorities in our little arrangement."

He withdrew a pen and uncapped it and laid it on the paper and indicated she
should read and sign the document.  "This document is a certification that on
this date you and I have agreed to enter a non-traditional, extremely physical
relationship and that you've done so willingly regardless of the implications to
yourself.  You have no obligation to sign this, or to agree to my proposal for
that matter, I want to be clear about that.  I would be very disappointed
however I am very willing to accept your refusal and then follow through with
the distribution of the photos.  I want you to consider your position, the
potential ramifications either way and make your decision.  If you choose not to
agree we shall part company within 3 minutes and I will never contact you again. 
If you agree, you will sign the paper and then you will ask me to become your
Wednesday owner - I shall take anything less as a refusal and I will leave - do
you understand?"

Her hand shook visibly as she moved the pen and picked up the paper.  She could
barely make out the words on the sheet through the rising tears in her eyes. 
Her mind was racing, every option that she had thought of was worse than the
previous one, and the one thing that kept pounding away at her brain was that
her precious life, her husband, likely her boys, and all of her friends could be
lost in just an instant.  She knew that she couldn't just let that happen, not
only for her own life, but her husband would be politically destroyed as well,
all his hard work would be wasted - all because she was....oh, she couldn't even
think it.........a slut.

With a shaking hand she signed the document and laid the pen down.  He smiled,
picked up the pen and put it back in his pocket and then picked up the paper and
looked at her signature and then calmly folded it and put it back in the
envelope and slid it into his jacket pocket.  He lifted his eyes back to her,
looking expectantly and she knew what he was waiting for.........

In a small voice she began, "would you pl....ple....please....."

"No" he interrupted her, "Louder my dear, I want to hear you clearly and know
that you mean it."

Her face flushed harder, if that was possible.  She cleared her throat and began
again, her voice wavering slightly but louder than before "Would you become my,
my Wednesday owner, ......please?"

He smiled that cold, yet disarming smile and said, "Yes, pet.  I will.  We'll
begin today - it is Wednesday after all, isn't it?"

She shuddered involuntarily as she sat, her mind awash with confused emotions
ranging from fear, disgust, anticipation, dread and surprise.

He spoke again as he casually reached down and slide the photos back into the
envelope and closed the flap, "Across the lobby, by the front desk there are
public bathrooms.  Your first instruction pet, listen closely.  You will go to
the ladies room and remove your panties, bra and shirt - leave them there, you
may put your jacket and skirt back on and then return to me here.  You have 4
minutes beginning now."  He glanced at his watch and then up at the large clock
hanging on the wall to his left - 1:17.

She stared for a moment, unblinking, oh god.....it has begun, just that quickly. 
Her mind quickly calculated the distance.....about 45 seconds to walk over there
calmly, so as not to attract attention.  45 seconds back again, that left her 2
and a half minutes to strip and redress without her bra, shirt and panties. 
Dear god, her pendulous breasts would swing obscenely beneath the jacket, as
well as expose significant cleavage - something that she would never do in
public.  Suddenly she jolted as she realized that as she was thinking her time
was running down.  She nodded and got up and made her way across the lobby.

He was still sitting, appearing not to have moved when she emerged from the
Lady's Room.  She opened the door tentatively and stepped out, she looked toward
him and then allowed her eyes to scan the bustling crowd before setting off back
toward him. 

Well, he thought, at least she's done part of it, even from across the room he
could see that she was now sporting quite a significant bit of cleavage.  She
looked shaken and self-conscious as she returned and started to sit down again.

"Don't" he said, stopping her in mid-crouch.  "We're going now, come along" and
he stood and walked toward the entrance that she'd originally come through,
toward the parking garage - having no choice, she followed.  She had to walk
quickly to try and keep up with him and her heavy tits were swaying quite
noticeably.

Out of the mall, down the long corridor and to the elevator, they stepped inside
and he pressed the button for L7 - the lowest underground level.  She had parked
on L2 when she arrived.  She shivered involuntarily and was suddenly aware of
her nipples hardening beneath her jacket.

As the doors slid closed he turned to face her, "Now my new pet, let's see how
well you followed instruction."  The elevator hummed loudly and started its slow
descent, "Raise your skirt, now."

Oh god....here we go, she thought.  Her breath was suddenly coming in shallow
half-pants, her braless tits beginning to heave slightly at the effort, she
closed her eyes.....his words echoing in her head...." Refusals, hesitation, or
a lack of enthusiasm will not be tolerated and will brook severe reprisals..."

Her hands closed in resistant fists around the lower edge of the hem of her
skirt, eyes still closed, she began to slowly lift her skirt as she was told. 
Her face and upper chest flushed an even deeper shade of red as she humiliated
herself at his instruction.  The material of her skirt seemed to drag against
her skin, making her even more aware of each new bit of skin that she was
exposing. 

Her mind was racing, standing in an elevator, her appearance had gone from the
classy, semi-well-to-do look, to a middle aged slut look with just his first
simple instruction.  And now, now she was exposing herself to him......about to
show him her naked pussy, the first other than her husband who had seen it in
over 20 years....and he was making her do it herself......to an observer it
would appear that it was her own idea.  Just as her hem reached the tops of her
thighs she had a horrifying thought...."OH MY GOD.......what if there are
cameras in these elevators???"  Her eyes darted nervously around the ceiling and
corners of the car. 

He watched her mind working, and her skirt raising.  He was pleased to this
point, she'd come along in a fairly docile manner up to this point.  Time to
push her a bit more, he thought.

"All the way up - Now!"  his voice startled her as he spoke louder than he had
up to this point.  "Show your cunt to me"  he smiled a cold smile, "and to
whoever else may be watching."

To be continued.........comments encouraged




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cruel Gent


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





