BDSM Library - The New Marquis de Sade




The New Marquis de Sade
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Marquis was the chosen name and title that the owner the Mansion conferred upon himself, in honor of his favorite Libertine, the Marquis de Sade. The New Marquis de Sade   
By DolSade   
&copy;2005 by DolSade  
Justine   
   
The Marquis stood at the window of his mansion, surveying his domain. He
  could see the cornerstone of his modest empire, the Mansion complex that housed
  his gourmet dolcette dining room and the Pleasure Centre. Further out, the
  heart and soul of this realm could barely be seen. The buildings of the dolcette
  farm were located there. He reflected on what went on there, from his perspective.
  To all the staff, in his complex and the farming staff, it was merely a farm
  for fattening dolcettes to the strict standards of his restaurant kitchen.
  The Marquis prided himself on his cliental for that dining room. His exclusive
  club numbered 500 and as far as wealth and influence went, it rivaled the Forbes
  500 for the area. The members paid handsome, outrageous membership fees for
  the privilege of dining in his restaurant and availing themselves of the services
  offered in the Pleasure Centre. What they demanded in return and paid handsomely,
  again, for, were the most beautiful, youthful dolcettes available. The Marquis
  marveled at how much one of his patrons would pay for a tough piece of flesh,
  provided it was freshly cut from the vaginal area of a beautiful young girl.
  The Marquis fully knew that the rich and powerful were fully cognizant that
  dolcettes were young nubile women at or just entering the peak of their sexual
  desirability and good looks. The dolcette conversion project, the "homo-primate" breeding
  project were shams to convince a gullible public that neo-cannibalism was not
  only acceptable but a God send at a time of huge human populations and crises
  in the traditional livestock markets. Like many, the Marquis suspected that
  mad cow; sheep scrappie, swine flu and chicken viral diseases were unleashed
  on the world as population controls and to induce fear.  
From day one, the Marquis knew that it was a glorious opportunity, when the
  legislation allowing neo-cannibalism was passed. Unlike the farmers, who were
  reluctantly forced into the dolcette rearing market, the Marquis saw that the
  real money could be made by exploiting the dolcettes themselves. The dolcettes
  by design were slaves. And it became very apparent, quickly, that the dolcettes
  were female sex slaves. Mysteriously a market for young males never really
  caught on, although there must be a vast population that would jump at the
  chance to eat the penises and butts of hunky man-boys.  
No, the plan had always been to target nubile young girls.  
The intent was always to create a population of sex slaves to sate the lusts
  and passions of the predominantly lecherous old men that always found themselves
  in power. This was a slap in the face of the public, that they could literally
  eat their daughters and wives, with no repercussions and in most cases, the
  public's willing aid, in doing so.  
The Marquis recognized that he had an endless supply of sex slaves available.
  In addition, there were additional bonuses. The sex slaves were disposable.
  Their conversion to dolcette status meant that the girls had to be killed within
  a reasonable time. Their meat must enter the meat market at some point.  
And, since the normal laws against slavery and citizen rights were still
  in force, slavery was not legal outside the dolcette world. But within the
  dolcette world, all manner of deviant behavior was condoned. Excuses, like
  pleasuring a dolcette to enhance the flavor of the meat, could easily be used
  to sell the dolcettes' sexual services. The girls were not sex slaves or prostitutes,
  merely being pleasured by their eaters to enhance the dining experience. Pain
  was allowable because of the endorphin rush that tenderized the girl meat.
  That prostitution was illegal or frowned on, in most jurisdictions, made things
  all the sweeter. Yes, to an astute businessman the possibilities were endless
  and the Marquis expected to push the envelope as far as he could.  
And through the usual graft bribery and influence peddling, the Marquis knew
  he could buy his way out of any trouble he ran into. Besides his members were
  already the cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me of politics and business and he
  knew only to well that their perversions were worst than his and that they
  appreciated his efforts to sate their insatiable lusts and passions.  
The girls in the dolcette farm were his play toys. He already found an excuse
  for keeping them alive longer than usual. A three to six month period was required
  to fatten his animals to meet the stringent requirement of his kitchen staff.
  He already had agents procuring the most attractive dolcettes available. He
  was always willing to pay top dollar for beauty and the willingness of his
  patrons to part with fortunes, to obtain their favorite sexual body part of
  girl meat, meant he could pay enormous prices to get any dolcette beauty, he
  wanted and still make a profit when the dolcette was put on the menu. Between
  the time the dolcette was acquired and the time she went into the oven, she
  was his compliant sex toy. Care had to be taken with the cr&egrave;me de la
  cr&egrave;me of the beauties to make sure that they were alive, healthy and
  attractive when presented to the patrons. But even if the girl was prematurely
  killed or the body mangled, the only repercussions would be loss of some income.
  Ultimately all the dolcettes ended up as scraps of girl meat anyway.  
The Marquis had always been fascinated by the works of the Marquis de Sade
  and as soon as he could, he started acting out some of the scenarios written
  by de Sade. Now, with wealth enough to indulge in any activity and the ultimate
  disposable victims, the new Marquis could live out his fantasies in real life.
  He had his special playrooms constructed and recruited his Justine to arrange
  for his amusement.  
His Justine was, of course, patterned on the Libertine, Justine, a young
  French woman who left the convent to seek fame and fortune. True to her nature,
  her journey was one of debauchery and murderous lust that only the Marquis
  de Sade could conceive.  
The new Justine had been recruited from the Dungeon wardens. She had severely
  beaten dolcettes on many occasions and even injured patrons. Alexa had finally
  had enough when a beautiful dolcette was injured and required a lengthy recuperation
  period to restore her beauty to the point where the dolcette was acceptable
  to Chef Tyler.  
When the Marquis saw the young woman, he was awe struck by her beauty. She
  had long blonde hair that fell to her shoulders in rich luxuriant curls that
  framed an aristocratic face, with full perfectly symmetrical lush lips. The
  blues eyes flashed intrigue and danger. The expression on her face was one
  of angelic beauty. She seemed bewildered that others had thought that she had
  done something wrong. But lurking just below the surface, one got the feeling
  that a pent up demon was on the brink of emerging.  
Even under her warden's uniform, the Marquis could see that she had all the
  right curves in all the right places. It was the type of body that attracted
  eyes all over a room and begged to be examined in minute detail. As Alexa began
  to speak, it struck the Marquis that this woman was even more beautiful than
  Alexa.  
The Marquis heard what Alexa had to say and he said that he would consider
  what to do, rather than his usual support for Alexa's opinion and wishes.  
The Marquis questioned his new blonde beauty. She became aware of the attention
  she was getting and soon surmised that the Marquis was another foolish man
  she could wrap around her fingers and soon have licking her pussy. The Marquis
  gave her enough rope to hang herself and let the show proceed. The blonde resorted
  to the usual flirting and posing. Even finding reason to thrust her magnificent
  bosom into the Marquis' face.  
As the interview went on, the woman got more exacerbated to the point where
  she could not control herself. The Marquis asked her what she liked most about
  the job. And, in rare moment of truth, she lashed out, "I can hurt people." And
  realizing her mistake, began to cry quietly, a finally ploy to entrap the Marquis.  
The Marquis sympathetically asked what she would do to control herself and
  not harm any other patrons.  
That was it. She replied with the response she had wanted to give all along, "You
  can take your fucking job and shove it. I don't need it or Alexa."  
The Marquis subdued her, as she made for the door and asked, "Are you pissed
  off because you couldn't wrap me around your finger? Did you want me to kiss
  your ass or lick your cunt?"  
He grabbed her pussy and began a slow massage, fingering her slit, saying,
  and "Don't go, just yet You do have a nice cunt and I'm sure licking it would
  be my pleasure.  
You really are a beautiful woman and I would hate to see you leave.  
But I don't lick cunt on the first date and I never kiss ass.  
I will allow you to suck my cock and if you get it hard, I'll fuck you.  
Are you surprised I'm not hard already? You were certainly doing your best
  to excite me."  
The Marquis allowed the blonde beauty to pull down his pants and lick and
  suck his cock to erection. The blonde exposed her pussy. The cock was in, in
  an explosive thrust. Then all to soon, after four or five pounding thrusts,
  it was gone.  
"Very nice Justine. You don't mind if I call you Justine. I have been looking
  for a Justine for a long time and you just might fit the bill.  
Sorry about not finishing things, but I have big plans for tonight and I
  don't wanted an office quickie leaving me weak. But it was very nice. I hope
  you will give me cause to finish, next time.  
Report here tomorrow, about noon, or go find another occupation.  
If you wish, I have some dildos and vibrators you can use. I do love to watch
  a hot pussy in action"  
Justine got up in a huff and straightened out her uniform, then she stopped
  and coyly put a finger to her lower lip in the familiar pose and flashed a
  mischievous grin.  
She did a sensual exotic striptease with a great deal of rubbing of her big
  breasts culminating in her sucking on her own engorged pink nipples.  
Her hands sensuously moved down her torso and found her mons veneris. Justine
  rubbed and licked her clitoris and labia until they were engorged and then
  fingered her vagina till it was nice and wet. She rubbed the pussy juice over
  her sex organs displaying them engorged and shiny with her cunt juices, to
  the Marquis. She fingered her clit and vagina in frenzy until she announced
  her orgasm with a shrill scream.  
Justine stood tall, did a slow pirouette with her arms above her head, to
  show the Marquis her beautiful body in all its nude glory and left the office
  saying, "I don't need a man be fulfill my needs. See you tomorrow."  
The Marquis enjoyed the show and was massaging his erect penis. He may have
  found his Justine. She is beautiful. Amoral and violent. But she can be controlled.
  She is a skilled seductress and skilled in the erotic arts. She is fun to be
  with and has a playful sense of humor. And maybe, she prefers women to men.  
But is she smart enough to be Justine, to arrange all that has to be done?
  Is she ruthless when she has to be, and contained, when that was necessary.
  Can I trust her?  
Only time would tell.  
Justine arrived at noon, the next day, in a demure mini-dress looking like
  she was applying for a sexy secretarial position.  
The Marquis observed her reaction as he kept her waiting for an hour. She
  was polite to the staff and unobtrusive, patiently bidding her time.  
When admitted into the Marquis office, she made sure she was announced as
  Justine.  
The Marquis complemented Justine on her appearance and the two make some
  small talk loaded with sexual innuendo.  
The Marquis began his interview with Justine.  
"I don't suppose you know who Justine was?"  
"No I didn't think so. Have you ever heard of the Marquis de Sade?"  
"Mais non." Was Justine's intriguing reply.  
"I want you to take this book with you and read it. I know it's long. You
  can skim it and read the parts that interest you. I wish to be a patron of
  Justine, my new Justine. I will supply the resources and money to put on special
  entertainments for myself and my guests, but mostly for myself. I need a Justine
  to make all the necessary arrangements and sometimes join me, assist me, have
  fun with me. Ideally I am looking for a capable companion to share my lusts
  and passions but since I haven't found one yet, an acolyte or prot&eacute;g&eacute; will
  have to do.  
Anyway see if you can see yourself as Justine. Take the weekend. Hell, take
  the week. You're still on the payroll. Contact me a week Monday and we can
  talk again. Maybe, at a bistro, like friends or even lovers.  
One other thing, my Justine must be loyal to me while making absolutely no
  claims, what so ever, on me. I checked your employment file and it says you
  live alone and Alexa doesn't know if you have a boyfriend or girlfriend for
  that matter. I would prefer no boyfriends or lovers. I also prefer my Justine
  to prefer the gentler sex. In the matter of playmates as Justine puts it. "I
  like to abuse those of the fairer sex. My Justine will like to abuse those
  of her own sex." Read the book you'll understand.  
One final thing. If you proceed and I choose to make you my Justine, you
  will have to sign a release form volunteering to undergo conversion to a dolcette
  and all that means.  
That is my personal insurance that you won't betray me or disclose any confidential
  information I may give you.  
If you choose not to go any further, your job is secure for as long as you
  can keep Alexa happy. You can keep the book and none of this interview will
  have ever happened. Understand!"  
Justine replied, "I lied. I have read Justine by the Marquis de Sade. It
  was one of my favorite books but I lost it and I really appreciate your gift.
  I will treasure this book.  
I don't have a boyfriend. But I do take on occasional lovers. I prefer girls
  as lovers.  
In my darkest fantasies I do like doing injury to my own sex, that's probably
  why I like the dungeon so much. All those pretty dolcettes to hurt and abuse.
  Oh sorry, you didn't hear that.  
I can be your companion and I am sure in time, your lover. I will do as you
  say and ask nothing in return. I will make your pleasure, my pleasure.  
I will never betray you and I will sign a stack of volunteer forms right
  now.  
I am your Justine. In fact I have been Justine since I read the book.  
Let me be your Justine."  
After that performance, the Marquis had to clear his head and evaluated all
  that had happened. He did have Justine fully read and sign the volunteer form,
  even asking her to initial each paragraph. An appropriate stalling tactic while
  he recovered.  
He told Justine to read the book, taking the full week and call Monday.  
The Marquis had lots to consider. He questioned Alexa at length and had his
  legal department do a search for any info about the girl. He sent people around
  to her neighborhood to ask about the girl. One evening he even drove over,
  himself, in a beat up farm car and watched her apartment till he noticed that
  people were becoming concerned with this stranger in the neighbourhood. The
  slate was clean. Aside from Alexa's problems no one had anything to say.  
Justine had called the office, daily, only leaving a message that she was
  studying the book and looked forward to her meeting Monday.  
The Marquis and his Justine did meet for lunch at a local bistro and Justine
  got her first assignment. "A Three Girl dinner". Justine knew immediately what
  that meant.  
The Marquis invited her to dine with him that evening, in the dining room
  so that Justine could be provided with further instruction.  
It was the first time Justine had dined during the evening in the Hilltop
  Restaurant. She had been to a party room for occasional Dungeon parties but,
  for her, this culinary experience would be a first.  
What's a girl to wear? She had nothing and in the end, she rented a formal
  satin and lace gown. Of course, she spent the afternoon in the hair salon,
  getting the maximum treatment. When the limo dropped her off at the door, the
  Maitre D' had the Marquis come to the door to escort the beautiful woman to
  her seat. All the male heads in the restaurant studied Justine as she floated
  to her table. A murmur went through the crowd.  
The Marquis was suitable impressed and showed his admiration for his new
  companion, "My dear you are my Justine and the Marquis de Sade would turn over
  in his grave, in envy, if he could see you tonight."  
The Marquis lifted a couple of sheets of paper and showing them to Justine
  said, "These were my notes but lets forget about business tonight. I am sitting
  with the most beautiful woman I have ever had dinner with and I expect to enjoy
  myself, lost in your beauty."  
Justine blushed, very embarrassed. She knew if any man could be her Prince
  Charming this was the one.  
The dishes came at a leisurely pace and the spectacle of the butchering of
  the live meat girl, by Chef Anton, truly wet Justine's black lace panties.
  The Marquis told her to study the spectacle closely and try to incorporate
  some of Chef's ideas and techniques into her presentations. He told her to
  study everything and although he didn't want a gourmet dining room, the style
  and ambiance was what he was looking for. She shouldn't worry about the actual
  food; the restaurant would provide the real meals and her presentations were
  about entertainment not the culinary arts. He let slip that girl meat wasn't
  his favorite meat unless it was properly cooked without regard to appearance.  
The Marquis had ordered "Filles Mignon" for the two of them, Commenting to
  Justine that he thought it only fitting that she begin her new career of eating
  pussy by literally eating a female's most valuable sex asset. Justine looked
  at the tag. The picture was of a childlike innocent face with blonde hair as
  long and lustrous as her own. She noticed that the Marquis also had blonde's
  girl meat.  
Belying the Marquis earlier comment the girl meat was tender and moist, with
  the smoky taste of smoked girl meat adding a subtle saltiness. Delicious.  
"See if the girl meat is aged, prepared and cooked well, not just torn bloody
  from a live dolcette and slammed on a grill, it can be a culinary treat but
  you may have noticed it's hard to tell that it's a female pussy."  
The meal proceeded at a leisurely pace.  
When coffee and liquors arrived, the Marquis took a pinch of white powder
  and sprinkled some into the alcohol saying it was a Chinese aphrodisiac and
  he would like Justine to try some. He had decided that if she was willing,
  she could start her new career that evening with some fun and games. He laughed
  saying that nothing major would be required and it would be less taxing then
  a session in the Dungeon, but if she was properly motivated, read that horny,
  they could enjoy themselves. He passed her the drink asking, "My lady, are
  you ready to surrender your virtue tonight?"  
Justine gulped down the libation in one shallow saying, "Kind sir, show me
  to your boudoir." And the couple laughed.  
During the final course, a small cup of dolcette breast milk ice cream, the
  Marquis laid out the plan of action.  
Justine would go to the dolcette and Barbie viewing rooms and choose a girl
  to be a bed decoration. The Marquis explained that a bed decoration was, merely,
  a girl picked for her beautiful face and incredible nude body, to lie on the
  bed and look lovely. To decorate the bed. Later, she would probably be used
  for other entertainment. Justine should just pick the second most beautiful
  female in the room and that girl would be the decoration for their love nest.  
The Marquis said, "I'll contact the farm and have them send over a sweet
  young thing, a virgin, to be deflowered." After a discussion the Marquis agreed, "OK,
  I agree you should be able to choose your pick, from two or three candidates.
  I'll tell them to pick the three prettiest dolcettes to clear quarantine and
  bring them to my house. When you make your choice, don't worry about the dolcette
  having an intact hymen, sometimes they do sometimes they don't. It's not important
  that the dolcette is a real virgin or not but I like to deflower the prettiest
  new dolcettes after quarantine, even if only symbolically, and give the first
  pleasuring of their stay here. A little hint, I pleasure like Justine's patrons
  and friends."  
"I'll give you an hour to get things ready and join you.  
At the house, you can get the servants to help you. I'll tell my manservant
  you're in charge and you have a free rein to do as you see fit. He'll show
  you to the master playroom.  
Also, I'll have Juliet, my present bed maid, advised to assist you. If you
  think you need an Amazon, ask Juliet to make arrangements."  
"Oh what are you wearing under that gown."  
"Just panties. I couldn't were a bra with this plunging neckline." Justine
  blushed.  
"Well if you want lingerie, see if Juliet will get you some. I don't keep
  any on hand, just in case.  
Come to think of it, tell Juliet, I insisted that she give you her best frilly
  lingerie, preferably unwashed. If its OK with you, it turns me on to think
  of you in Juliet's soiled panties and milk-stained bra. And I know Juliet would
  be mortified. Better still, order Juliet to undress and give you the bra and
  panties she is wearing and put them on in front of her. If she refuses, get
  an Amazon to force her. Oh yea, Juliet lactates. I would like you to get your
  tits working too or have a milker available.  
That's it, see you in an hour."  
Justine scrambled to the viewing room and selected a pretty brunette with
  a fresh girlish face and a beautiful body, highlighted by incredible plump,
  full, soft breasts with big pink nipples; and yes, a jet of warm tasty milk
  squirted as Justine tweaked the dolcette's nipple.  
Justine took the dolcette, dressed her in a white lacy baby doll nightie
  and white high heels.  
The limo took them to the house where Robert, the Marquis' manservant, met
  her and took the two women to the master playroom. It was a large room with
  a huge bed. The furniture was Victorian oak and that was about all the time
  Justine had to enjoy looking around. The virgins had arrived.  
There were three young dolcettes, all looking younger than eighteen. Two
  blondes and a cutie with a raven black pageboy. Justine looked them over. Really,
  all very cute with nice curvy bodies. Justine chose a blonde child. The girl
  was tiny and looked about sixteen.  
Her long straight blonde hair was divided into two long ponytails. She looked
  like a cherub and, more to the point, someone's protected virgin daughter.
  Only the big breasts looked out of place but Justine thought most men were
  gaga over big tits anyway. She was completely nude  
Justine and Robert took the dolcettes to the playroom and Justine instructed
  Robert to get Juliet. Juliet arrived, none to pleased with the turn of events.
  Juliet was an attractive brunette with thick brown hair, highlighted with blonde
  streaks, her face was elegant and classically beautiful, a Nordic princess.
  Her body was the classic hourglass shape with ample breasts, a narrow waist
  and wide hips. Justine stripped out her gown and panties and ordered Juliet
  to undress and clean the two dolcettes, reminding the brunette that she, Justine,
  was in charge. As Juliet headed for the bathroom, Justine order Juliet to strip
  nude, and in a casual manner, Justine explained that she needed to borrow some
  of Juliet's underwear. Juliet was mortified when Justine motioned for the bra
  to be passed over. But when Robert nodded, the puzzled Juliet did so. Juliet
  sniffed the white lacy bra and put it on. The bra was small and barely contained
  Justine's breasts. The panties followed without incident.  
Juliet and Robert washed the dolcettes to Justine's satisfaction, making
  sure the decoration had an enema and douche. She wanted the virgin's ass and
  pussy untouched.  
The virgin was dressed in the white baby doll and the decoration spread eagled
  across the bed. Then Justine had two more ideas. She told Juliet to get her
  best push up bra and matching high heels.  
She asked Robert for a mild drug to knock out the dolcette for an hour or
  so. And he produced a pill. The decoration was given the pill and was soon
  out cold.  
When Juliet returned, Justine told the brunette to put on the bra and shoes.
  Juliet was also to be a decoration and milker. Juliet was led to a display
  stand, that Justine had seen earlier, and an altar and then Juliet was asked
  which she preferred to be displayed on. The brunette chose the altar and arranged
  herself, spread-eagle across the platform. She closed her eyes and looked beautiful.
  The brunette had seen the show many times before and knew what her part was
  to be.  
Justine took a very quick shower, put on Juliet's undies and returned to
  the bed. She tied the virgin's hands together with a white rope and tied a
  black ribbon around Juliet's neck.  
And then she awaited her master.  
The Marquis arrived on time dressed in a satin bathrobe.  
Justine beckoned her master to her and kissed him passionately. The two drank
  a small glass of the alcohol and aphrodisiac. Justine had had Robert give larger
  drinks of the mixture to the virgin and Juliet.  
The Marquis surveyed the scene and was very surprised to see Juliet sprawled
  across the display altar.  
Justine whispered, "She is so beautiful, I knew you must like to see her
  all the time and she has been given something to increase her ardor."  
"I am pleased to show you, the main entertainment for the evening.  
This jewel is one of your finest treasures and I am sure you will enjoy examining
  all her feminine gifts. She will sleep for awhile so we can have free reign
  to do as we please."  
"This treasure is virgin child. I hope you will allow me to help you blast
  her maidenhead and make her a woman."  
"Show me how to please you and what my part in all this is meant to be, my
  master."  
The Marquis smelled the dolcette decoration to verify that she had been washed.
  And then had Justine help him explore the beautiful body, "My beautiful Justine,
  I love women. I love the feel of their bodies, of their skin. I love to feel
  the curves and the fullness of the flesh. Just feeling the torso and the thighs,
  rubbing the ass. Then I love to just massage the breasts and finally examine
  the sexual core of the female body not with a tongue but merely opening a women
  for inspection of her finest treasures. I'd like a taste of the juices but
  prefer that the mistress of my bed prepare the decoration for my examination."  
"Bring Juliet over here. She knows what I like and can teach you. We can
  compare all three beauties. Let the virgin watch and enjoy for a while."  
Juliet was brought over and the Marquis ran his hands over the dolcette,
  Juliet and Justine, rubbing the curved waists and hugging the breasts and torso
  against his chest. Juliet began a quiet moaning and Justine picked up the cue
  and moaned as if the caresses were bringing her ecstasy. He did rub all three
  females everywhere and enjoyed their bodies. He complimented Juliet and Justine
  on their womanly assets, voraciously, and the women cooed and basked in his
  revelry.  
Then he massaged the sleeping dolcette's big breasts and was delighted to
  see milk stream from the nipples. The Marquis attacked the nipple and sucked
  till his mouth was full. He beckoned Juliet over and she took the warm milk
  into her mouth and swallowed it. He motioned for Justine to join in drinking.
  Then, as he finished playing with the big breasts, he moved to the dolcette's
  cunt and spread the slit open. While Juliet and Justine spread the love crack,
  the Marquis rubbed all sex treasures till they were engorged and spread to
  their full glory. The dolcette began to stir and moan softly.  
He praised what he saw, "Isn't this pussy beautiful. I love to open up a
  woman pussy like spreading the petals of a flower. Her clitoris is small but
  shapely. The labia don't compare with your Juliet but most don't."  
"I haven't had the thrill of examining Justine properly yet so the comparison
  with Justine's pussy will have to wait."  
"Justine, Why don't you and Juliet get to know each other? You're my two
  bed beauties and I would love it, if you will entertain me every night. Juliet
  knows how much I love watching women give pleasure to themselves and others."  
Juliet spread her legs and began rubbing her pussy. "Wait Juliet I want Justine
  to unveil your womanly charms. You know, I love to do it, even though I have
  practically memorized the look and feel of your treasures. Let Justine peel
  open your petals and show me your charms."  
Justine proceeded to spread the cunt open and while Juliet pulled her slit
  open, Justine rubbed the clit till it was engorged and the head of the clit
  was enormous. The labia were next, they opened to a butterfly.  
Justine complimented her rival, "These are the biggest and showiest clit
  and labia I have seen. They make mine look like an immature preteen's. I would
  love to lick and suck them." Justine looked to the Marquis.  
Wait a bit, "First let me fully examine the wonders of your body. Remember,
  I just got a glimpse last time." Justine stripped out of Juliet's underwear
  and stretched her body. Then she sensuously rubbed her torso. She cupped her
  breasts and massaged the two beautiful mounts exotically. She tweaked both
  her nipples as if trying to draw milk and then went to the dolcette and rubbed
  her nipples against the sleeping beauty until both sets of tits were covered
  in milk, then she went to Juliet and repeated the procedure. She offered her
  nipples to the Marquis and the Marquis suckled on the blonde beauty's tits.  
Justine spread her legs and invited the Marquis to explore her sex. The Marquis
  spread Justine's womanhood and as Justine pulled her sex open, the Marquis
  rubbed and probed. The clit was smaller than Juliet's and the labia average
  size but Justine's clit seemed very sensitive. Rubbing produced moaning and
  a grimace while Justine urged harder and faster rubbing. The Marquis stuck
  a finger into Justine's wet pussy and tasted her womanly lubrication. He reinserted
  his finger and let Juliet taste Justine. Then Juliet was instructed to initiate
  Justine into the family.  
Juliet need no further invitation and was a whirlwind of licking, sucking
  and fucking.  
Justine came quickly but Juliet had sucked and nipped Justine's clit till
  it was raw and sore.  
Justine went at Juliet with the same passion and intent and soon had Juliet
  screaming in pain but Justine continued till Juliet reached orgasm.  
The two women lay back, rubbing away the pain in their crotches.  
Focus now turned to the virgin. "Let's see how pure our little maiden really
  is."  
The Marquis began his examination of the little dolcette. This dolcette is
  a little girl.  
She couldn't be eighteen years old. She must still be a young offender, not
  eligible for conversion or I guess someone pulled some string. Good pick Justine.
  How did you know I like the virgins to at least look like virgins? And her
  face is so innocent, so unsullied."  
He lifted the nightie and cupped a breast. "At least our little darling has
  a woman's breasts, nice weight and heft. The small ones are OK, on a virgin
  but I prefer ones I can sink my teeth into, so to speak."  
He torn off the flimsy gown and examined his little nymph. He ran his hands
  over her torso and the curves. He rubbed and licked the ass cheeks and then
  beckoned Justine to join in the examination of the breasts. He put both hands
  over the mounds and kneaded them for a while, watching the blonde's face animated
  with pleasure. Then he asked Justine to give the girl a drink. And then give,
  all, drinks. He told Juliet to show Justine how to give the dolcette decoration
  a drink anally. His groping of the breasts grew in intensity as the Marquis
  watched the pleasure turn to pain. He held the cutie when she started thrashing
  about and crying. And then he released the poor girl. "The farmers don't like
  me to damage their dolcettes too much. We usually ignore them, but this little
  dolcette is here to enjoy her first pleasuring on this farm. I'm sure you and
  Juliet can make her feel real good, after I suck the girl's nipples. I want
  to see just how big and hard they can get." The nipples did get hard but no
  milk. The Marquis assuaged his disappointment by remembering that the lass
  was a virgin. Justine took the right nipple and Juliet the left mound and the
  Marquis noticed that the face brightened, once again acknowledging pleasure.  
"Now on to the main course." The Marquis rubbed the pussy and licked the
  whole cunt area, savoring the taste. Then he parted the girl's vaginal slit
  and licked the inner pussy, tasting the girl's sex. With his two beauties spreading
  the cunt wide open, he rubbed the clit and labia and remarked, "OK lets see
  how impressive her jewels are in full flower. Join me ladies and enjoy.  
"She has nice petals and a pretty little bud, that I'm sure it would be nice
  to suck on. But they're not as big or nice as Juliet's. I think mine are a
  touch bigger and better formed also," was Justine's assessment.  
"No one has nicer jewels than mine. The Marquis said if I'm ever a disappointment,
  he would take great joy in making my pussy into a bracelet so that my jewels
  would always be a part of him. Kindda makes a girl want to do something nasty.
  But then he says, he would miss me so much. Don't you, master?  
Justine the girl's still a virgin. She still maturing, her jewels will be
  fabulous." Juliet retorted.  
The Marquis continued his examination, rubbing and pinching the jewels, one
  or twice eliciting a pained expression on the sweetie's face. The pain made
  the innocent face more beautiful. It was the type of beauty the Marquis liked
  to see on all his female victims.  
When he tired of examining the cunt, he moved his attention to the vaginal
  opening. "Let's see what wonders we can find here. Nice pink coloration. Everything
  is normal." And pushing his finger gently into the vaginal opening till he
  met resistance he remarked, "Can't push my finger in too far, a good sign.
  She is wet and lubed." He rubbed the finger to his thumb and then tasted the
  female fluid. "Nice and slippery. And a nice salty taste. Justine good of you
  to leave the vagina unwashed so that I could taste this virgin before deflowering
  her." He kissed the little girl and whispered, "I am now going to make you
  a woman. Your hymen might have been broken before. But I'm going to break open
  your whole vagina. There will be blood and there will be pain but the pain
  will bring intense pleasure and a volcanic orgasmic spasm through your body.
  The drinks are an aphrodisiac to get your horny and make you come. You just
  have to lay back and focus on the pleasure. Remember the pain is fleeting and
  you will remember this orgasm as your first and your finest."  
He had the virgin lick and suck his already erect penis. Juliet brought out
  a flesh coloured natural looking dildo and attached it to the Marquis' penis.
  As the Marquis moved to show the virgin his now enormous, realistic looking
  weapon, Juliet whispered to Justine, "Our master prefers to give his seed to
  his lovers, not dolcettes. But since he kindly deflowers virgins, he uses all
  his resources both natural and those made to his specifications to fulfill
  his pledge to the virgin.  
The Marquis had Juliet raise the virgin's back a little to line up his entry.
  The Marquis entered the virgin with a powerful thrust and as deeply as he could
  push. The little virgin screamed in pain. Juliet motioned the Justine and the
  two women held the little girl down and the Marquis continued his powerful
  thrusts. Finally the Marquis sensed a spasm ripple through his victim's body
  and saw that a pool of blood had collected under the girl's vagina. She had
  had her maidenhead broken and the love tunnel was breached and she had had
  an orgasm. The girl was barely conscious, moaning in pain. He ceased his attack
  and bade the women to clean up the virgin and get her ready for the anal deflowering.  
Juliet got some towels and cleaned the blood away, as Justine gently cleaned
  the dolcette's vagina. Then she kissed the wounded area and licked it as an
  animal licks a wound. Juliet joined in and the little girl relaxed and seemed
  to enjoy the sensations on her pussy. The little girl felt a warm soothing
  fluid enter her vaginal bring relief to the burning and pain.  
Then a voice, from beyond, told the little sweetie to concentrate on the
  pleasures coming from her clit.  
Justine and Juliet were kissing and licking the area and pleasuring her female
  jewels.  
Gradually the girl's passion rose and she was moaning with pleasure. The
  expert attention of Justine and Juliet brought the girl to orgasm.  
As the cutie, blissfully, lay back remembering the pleasure and still trying
  to dull the pain.  
She felt a buzzing sensation in her pussy and forced herself to see what
  was happening. Juliet was gently rubbing her pussy with a small vibrator. When
  the vibrator touched her clit the girl grimaced in pain and Juliet with drew
  it. The clit was tender.  
Juliet asked if she could push the small vibrator into the girl's pussy saying, "It
  will feel good, really good and help take away hurting." The girl agreed and
  Juliet slowly penetrated, watching the girl's face to gauge the amount the
  vibrator was pushed in and moved around. The girl was soon moaning in pleasure.
  Justine joined Juliet and the women took turns pleasuring the young girl to
  a volcanic orgasm. They both kissed the cutie and allowed her a moment's peace.  
The moment's peace seemed only to last a moment as Justine and Juliet turned
  the girl over and pushed her ass to the Marquis who was wearing his monster
  dildo. The two women were holding the girl, tight, when the Marquis instructed, "Juliet
  take off your bra and give it to Justine. And while you're at it, give me a
  big swig of the momma's milk.  
Justine wrapped the bra around the dolcette's neck and when I give the cue
  you know what to do. Juliet hold the pretty. It's going to be a rough ride."  
The Marquis thrust hard and deep and the girl screamed in agony. A cut across
  the throat symbol was Justine's cue to act and she never hesitated. The Marquis
  pumped three or four times and stopped.  
"Justine release the girl."  
"I said, Justine release the girl."  
"We've taken care of her."  
"Justine come over here with Juliet's bra. I think it one of Juliet's favorites
  and I sure she'll want it back. Don't you my dear."  
"No put it on Juliet."  
"No not there. Around her neck."  
Juliet complied with no hesitation.  
"Juliet has always told me that her fondest wish is that her jewels would
  adorn my wrist. An eternal show of her love. And now that I have you, I can
  fulfill Juliet's wish. Strangle Juliet for me."  
Justine hesitated and then began to strangle the brunette beauty. Juliet
  was still, to begin with, but as the cloth cut off her breathing, she struggled
  to break away. Justine fought to contain Juliet. Justine was bigger and stronger,
  so it should have been no problem.  
Juliet broke away. The Marquis told Justine to complete the act as Juliet
  meekly returned to Justine's grasp. Justine looked hard at Juliet and a tear
  rose to her eye, "I'm sorry Master but I can't. I guess I'm not your Justine
  after all."  
Angrily the Marquis turned to Juliet and yelled, "Pick up your bra and strangle
  Justine. She wanted your job and was almost ready to kill you."  
Juliet walked over to Justine and wrapped her bra around the blonde beauty's
  throat and heard Justine quietly chanting, "Do it. Do it." Juliet applied pressure
  looking into the face of her adversary and then collapsed in tears, "You know
  I can't do it. And, that's why I'm not your Justine." The two women hugged,
  sobbing and crying.  
"Sorry ladies. I got carried away again. Juliet you know I don't want your
  pussy wrapped around my wrist. And in my way, I love you, the way you are.
  And Justine, in our world, if you had strangled Juliet, you would be off to
  jail and I might be a big trouble also. We don't live in de Sade's world and
  we have to know that and not get carried way. De Sade's Justine was really
  a psychopath disguised as a Libertine.  
My Justine is more of a sociopath with flare and style for the unconventional
  and the bizarre.  
But I have made arrangements for you to spend a week in the kitchen butcher
  shop. I want you knee deep in dolcette blood and gore, so you know that dolcettes
  are nothing more than meat animals and nothing you, me or anyone else does
  to them, will revolt you. As Juliet said, she couldn't cross that bridge and
  I need my Justine to be willing and able to.  
But enough of the morbid talk. If you ladies will accept my apology then
  the fun can resume." The ladies smiled and nodded in agreement.  
"OK. I just had a weird thought ladies; put on your undies. No Juliet put
  on Justine's panties, the black lacy ones over there. Let's see Justine wasn't
  wearing a bra so I guess your can have your white one back. Your panties and
  that push up can go to Justine."  
"It's nice to see beautiful women in lingerie. There should be some mystery
  or at least something frilly and lacy to show off your exquisite shapes. Dolcettes
  are nude all the time, as animals should be, but human women should be allowed
  to flaunt their feminine charms more subtlety. It's more erotic. I was glad
  to see you wearing Juliet's undies. I knew you would be bursting at the seams.
  But I was surprised to see Juliet and Juliet wearing a bra. Was it your idea
  or Juliet's?"  
"My idea." Justine blushed. "I knew you liked underwear when you told me
  to dress in Juliet worn undies and I guessed you would like to see Juliet wearing
  her favorites."  
"Well I knew you had good judgment, Justine, "replied the Marquis.  
"Would you start with the undies on and entertain me. Juliet knows what I
  like and can lead the way to start. Come nice and close and show me everything."  
Juliet curtsied and moved till she was almost atop the Marquis and spread
  her legs so that her cunt was almost in the Marquis face. He sniffed at the
  pussy and body. "I see or smell that you didn't wash before bed, my dear. I
  love the womanly odors of your body, so much more than the soapy perfumed smells." Juliet
  grinned and giggled at Justine.  
Justine curtsied and joined Juliet and began slowly and sensuously licking
  Juliet's pussy.  
One or two times the Marquis adjusted Justine's legs so he could get a better
  view. Justine noticed that Juliet always positioned herself to allow the Marquis
  the best-unobstructed view of the love games. She immediately followed suit.
  Juliet started to moan quietly showing her pleasure. Justice was moaning and
  whispering sweet words of encouragement, endearment and pleasure to her new
  lover. The Marquis offered occasional directions. "That's nice I can see Justine's
  clit. So shiny and wet. Put your finger in her cunt Juliet and rub the area
  with her juices.  
See how many fingers will fit in. Four looked easy. Keep rubbing the walls
  of the vagina.  
See if you can find Justine's G-spot.  
Justine has Juliet found your love knob. Moan, let her know.  
Did you have a good orgasm?"  
"Juliet let Justine play with your pussy. I want to see if she's as good
  as you. But first I need a drink. You know what my favorite is. Justine join
  us. I know you'll love Juliet's milk."  
"OK, Justine show me what you can do. I'll just sit back and watch as you
  to Juliet to Nirvana."  
Justine methodically licked Juliet's pussy till it was wet. Then she attacked
  the vaginal slit, pulled it wide and had Juliet hold the slit wide open. Justine
  maneuvered Juliet's spread cunt almost directly under the Marquis face and
  rubbed all Juliet's jewels to their perfection. One or twice, Justine licked
  the brunette's jewels but hastened to remove her head, letting both the Marquis
  and Juliet know that she would have liked to lick Juliet into oblivion but
  was mindful that the real purpose of the fucking was to entertain the Marquis,
  in the manner he liked best. Justine kept rubbing until Juliet was moaning
  loudly in agony or pain, or both.  
She kissed the tip of the hood of Juliet's clit, into which the glans had
  withdrawn.  
Justine gently kissed the Marquis and fingered Juliet's vagina. Thrusting
  fingers in slowly and deeply until all the fingers were in. When Juliet showed
  no distress, Justine pushed her hand in until the progression was stopped by
  the thumb joint. Juliet yelped and rocked herself gently on the penetrating
  hand for a while cooing and moaning. As Justine searched for the G-spot, Juliet
  slowly dislodged Justine's hand. Juliet held her gaping vaginal tunnel open
  as long as she could and then went to work on the clit, rubbing vigorously
  till a squirt of female juice ejected from her vagina on to the Marquis.  
Justine put some of the whitish viscous liquid and tasted it. Not piss.  
"You're the best Juliet. No one can replace you. Nothing tops that trick.  
Justine you'll have to convince Juliet to teach you how to do that and once
  we get your tits going you'll be a complete woman", enthused the Marquis.  
The decoration awakened and all eyes focused on her. The pretty brunette
  glanced around and when she saw the others; she pulled herself into a ball.  
The Marquis considered for a moment. "Ladies I know you're both tired and
  probably sore but if it's not too much to ask, maybe you can pleasure that
  little blonde. She took that deflowering of the anal maidenhead pretty hard
  and it would be nice, if she had some pleasant memories of her first anal sex.
  I'm sure she'll remember the other deflowering with joy. And the decoration
  over there is so cute and was so quiet while you were entertaining me.  
Justine rouse that girl. You weren't chocking her long enough to do any damage.  
I told you the farm doesn't like us abusing their livestock too much."  
The two dolcettes were roused and given drinks. Justine and Juliet decided
  that they would let the dolcettes fuck each other for awhile, to see what the
  little darlings could do and then the women would do the girls with dildos,
  to show the cuties how mature women did things.  
Juliet rubbed some salve into the aching anus of the blonde and kissed the
  tears away. The dolcettes were told to pleasure each other. The girls did know
  what to do. They spread their legs and began to masturbate. Justine and Juliet
  had each taken charge of a dolcette and made sure that the little girl was
  always placed in the Marquis' best viewing area. The dolcettes fell upon one
  another in a frenzy of licking and fingering of each other's genitalia. Both
  women had trouble keeping their dolcette's vaginas on display, for the Marquis.
  Justine and Juliet let the girls go at it, until the brunette grunted. At least
  one girl had had as orgasm.  
Justine paired with the brunette and Juliet with the little blonde and the
  women methodically used their dildos to bring the girls to satisfying orgasms.  
The women changed places to do each other's previous partner. The women had
  their asses up in the air so that they could pleasure the pussies of the girls.  
Justine felt a touch on her ass and glanced back to see the Marquis lubricating
  his cock to fuck her. She felt wet oils being applied to her vagina and then
  a strong thrust into her.  
After about five minutes, The Marquis turned Justine over and fucked her
  mom and pop style. He came in a gush without a sound. Justine moaned deeply,
  at the feeling of the warm sperm flooding her womanhood and shook lightly.
  She contracted her vagina around the penis, as the Marquis withdrew saying. "That
  was wonderful. The best orgasm I've ever had."  
The Marquis smiled and kissed his Justine.  
Justine finished bringing the blonde cutie to her orgasm and the four spent
  females lay on the bed. The Marquis enjoyed the sight and wished it would last
  forever.  
After a short rest, the Marquis announced he was off to bed. "I'm turning
  in now. Justine you might as well stay overnight. You can sleep here or Juliet
  will show you a guest room. Leave the dolcettes; Robert will take care of them.
  Probably tomorrow, they look so peaceful and innocent. It would be a shame
  to wake them.  
About tonight, our little fuck. I owed you one or maybe you owed me one."  
Justine decided the bed was big enough for her and the dolcettes and she
  was too pooped to move.  
"Juliet, my dear, this is the biggest bed I have ever slept on and there
  is lots of room for you. It can be a sleepover with kid sisters. Besides, after
  the way you made me feel, I hope we can become friends or more. Hey, we still
  have on each others bras, well your bras but&hellip;.. And, I like the feel
  of my bra, even though it's cutting off my breathing."  
In the end Juliet stayed and the foursome had their sleepover.  
Early the next morning Robert awoke the sleeping beauties and got the dolcettes
  on their way. The two women embraced kiss lightly and went back to sleep.  
Juliet awoke Justine and the pair showered together. Girl fun, they both
  said. Besides the shower was huge. Juliet led Justine to the atrium pool where
  they would be served a simple breakfast of fruit and toast with cappuccinos.  
"I ordered breakfast for the two of us, out here. It so nice, this time of
  the day. The Marquis lets special dolcettes and the dolcettes, on their way
  to the Mansion, spend some time here and lie in the sun. They often have their
  massages here too. The Marquis and, I guess the others like to watch them.
  The poor little things are so pretty."  
"I didn't know what to order for you, so I just ordered double what I usually
  have. You can get what you want when the servers come, if you want something
  else."  
"What no girl meat bacon and eggs or girl meat sausages and home fries. No
  egg Mc Muffins." Justine laughed.  
"I'm kind of a vegetarian. I eat meat if I have to but I really try to avoid
  dolcette meat.  
Funny isn't it. I work on a dolcette fattening farm with a restaurant that
  serves gourmet dolcette meals." Juliet blushed.  
"The fruit is great. I need to eat more fruit and veg anyway. And what working
  girl can afford too much meat, especially dolcette meat," was Justine reply.  
Juliet showed Justine around and they chatted.  
"Working here is OK. It's quiet and scenic. Not the hustle and bustle of
  the city. The people are good, not the monsters some TV shows make dolcette
  farmers out to be.  
The perks are great. No better sex. Good food, even for a vegetarian. I've
  had lots of time to think and I really can't think what else I'd do.  
I started in the kitchen out of Chef College. I was a garde-manger, the cook
  that prepares the vegetables. I wasn't a vegetarian then, but even then I had
  my own cubbyhole, away from the main kitchen. I was away from the dolcette
  preparation and after the first party, I didn't go into the restaurant dining
  room."  
I don't know what I was thinking when I applied to be Justine. The Marquis
  had seen me around and he was dazzled by my beauty." Juliet chuckled. "Anyways
  he gave me the book, you know "Justine" by de Sade and what I saw was an independent
  free willed, abused girl making her way in a cruel world; getting the better
  of a host of miscreants that were bent on doing her harm.  
But I'm glad I'm not the Justine. My biggest project is arranging the deflowering
  of the dolcette newcomers. They usually aren't really hurt and I justify it,
  by thinking if I weren't there, someone worse would be. Oh I don't mean you.
  If you were that evil, you would have strangled me and the dolcette.  
I have grown to love the Marquis and I guess that's what keeps me here. I
  would willingly give him my jewels to wear on his wrist, if he ever wants them.  
He really not that bad. I shouldn't be telling you this. If he finds out,
  he may be wearing my jewels on his wrist.  
His bark is a lot worse than his bite. He is in a cruel business and making
  cruel choices.  
Make no mistake, to him dolcettes are nothing more than dumb animals and
  he would have no more qualms about killing one than a dog. But we don't kill
  every dog we come across. The Marquis sees dolcettes as valuable livestock
  that he raises for profit. If it is profitable, he has no hesitation in using
  his asset in the way that will bring him the most money. He doesn't like to
  personally kill any living thing. That's what he wants a Justine for. If that's
  you, so be it. I know you have a kind heart and thousands of dolcettes are
  slaughter every day. If you can make it even a bit easier, try.  
Oh a couple of other things and I'm done.  
The Marquis loves beautiful women and will do almost anything to make them
  happy or keep them contented, but he has his limits. The women he chooses to
  serve him, if they are loyal and faithful are never discarded. He will find
  a suitable position in his empire for them. If someone wants to leave, he's
  not the vengeful husband. He wants to be loved.  
But if he is betrayed, he can go berserk. Remember the volunteer forms, there
  are stories of a Julia or June, that thought she would be Justine and when
  she washed out, the stupid cunt threatened to go public with the Justine &ndash; De
  Sade story. The rumor is, that the bitch was sent to a conversion farm with
  her volunteer form and underwent full conversion. The Marquis bought the dolcette
  and had her served at a gala feast.  
The Marquis is a jealous lover. He wants his women, the women he makes love
  to, exclusively. If you are sullied by another man he will drop you and relocate
  you to one of his Siberias or leave you to find your own way. He doesn't mind
  women. In fact as you, no doubt, noticed, he loves to see females fucking and
  especially his women. If you want to be Justine, loose all your male friends.
  If you can learn to love him, great. Otherwise find some women lovers.  
You know my bedroom door will always be open to you. And I might even teach
  you how to squirt."  
Justine was in a quandary, what was the score. What exactly were her duties
  to be? Justine in the book was a psychopath and left a path of murder and betrayal
  in her wake.  
Would the new Justine have to be as brutal? Was she as brutal and tough as
  she thought? Did she really intend to strangle the dolcette? Was killing a
  real woman was breaking a taboo?  
And could the Marquis be trusted or was Justine simply another woman exploited
  by a wealthy amoral man. Only the future would tell.  
The Three Girl Dinner   
   
Justine did her tour of duty in the kitchen and returned to the Marquis house
  each night, a bloody mess. She had moved into the Marquis' home as a requirement
  for her role as Justine.  
Justine was now ready for her first assignment. A three girl diner. The book
  had a chapter devoted to the three girl diner. And it wasn't a dinner with
  three dolcettes as the entr&eacute;es, rather it was a dinner that revolved
  around three young lovelies obtained by Justine, through abduction and kidnapping,
  that were tortured, fucked and murdered to sate the lust of Justine and her
  lover.  
The Marquis had simply told Justine that she was to obtain three dolcettes
  having a royal demeanor, and those dolcettes were to be the basis of an evening
  of lust, torture and other mayhem. If one or two or three of the dolcettes
  were to expire during that evening, "c'est la vie". The Marquis was to be entertained
  in the same manner as the de Sade character but Justine could use her own ingenuity
  and creativity to put on the spectacle. Justine had one week to arrange things.
  The Marquis would join her for dinner and entertainments, a week Saturday.  
Justine poured over the De Sade book for inspiration and was tempted to ask
  everyone she knew for advise but, in the end, she decided that the Marquis
  probably had gone through many of the scenes in the book, a number of times
  and would be more impressed by a fresh new approach. Moreover, the fewer the
  people who knew what was happening, the better. She would only consult with
  Juliet and the Amazon captain and try as much as possible to limit outsiders.  
Justine chose to return to her area of familiarity. The first three girl
  dinner would revolve around the dungeon and thrills would be provided by torture.  
Justine selected three dolcettes. A blonde, a brunette and a Hispanic were
  chosen as her victims. All looked younger than eighteen. All looked innocent.
  All had faces that pain would distort into beautiful, pitiful expressions.
  All had big shapely breasts. All had some measure of self-awareness and native
  smarts to take direction and obey orders.  
The dolcettes were coached to moan, as if in orgasm, constantly, and scream
  in agony when pain was administered. Xena the Amazon captain was instructed
  to mildly sedate the dolcettes, wrap them nude, in soft blankets and bring
  them to the house.  
Justine conferred with Xena. The Marquis had all ready identified Xena as
  the person in charge of security and Xena was the guard on hand for the entertainments.
  Moreover Xena vetted all outsiders to the entertainments, except those that
  the Marquis had invited. Xena supplied a pool of dolcettes that could perform
  secondary roles.  
Finally Xena saw to it that everything was cleaned up and the dolcettes were
  appropriately disposed of, whether to the kitchen or to the farm.  
When Justine explained her basic plan to Xena and hinted that she was going
  to enlist a Pleasure Centre Amazon, with a great deal of expertise and experience
  in bondage torture, to help out; Xena would hear none of it. She said it was
  verboten to use Mansion staff.  
Xena volunteered to assist Justine. Xena explained that she was an expert
  in all the common bondage arts; rope and hog tying; pins and needles; breast
  abuse; whipping and so on. The two women agreed to work together: get the props,
  set up the room and plan out the tortures to look authentic and gory while
  being easy and fast to do.  
Xena tied ropes so that it would appear that hours were spent hogtying a
  victim, when in fact a simple slipknot would secure the victim. Both knew the
  Marquis would get very bored, if they spent a long time hog-tying their dolcettes
  by the book. The goal was entertainment not lessons in torture techniques.  
Xena took Justine to a specialty shop where they could purchase a wide assortment
  of pin, needled, clamps, pegs and other paraphernalia, and the Amazon included
  some stuff from her own collection. Xena had a passion for bondage and dungeon
  games and took for every opportunity to practice her art.  
A room was set up, the instruments of torture readied, the dolcettes delivered
  and the two women awaited the arrival of their master.  
The Marquis arrived dressed in monk-like caftan and the show began. Justine
  rang a bell and three Amazons carried in the victims. The girls were placed
  on a long sofa.  
"Master I have acquired these three beautiful maidens for your first three
  girl dinner with me. These are not common street whores or runaways from abroad
  but are all girls from well to do families. Two are local girls. Both are newly
  pregnant and their shamed parents sent them to a home, for the duration of
  the pregnancy. The home will tell the parents that their daughters were killed
  in an unfortunate accident. The parents will be relived and pursue the matter
  no further. The third was obtained from a wealthy Mexican family. They believe
  their daughter to be in college, here, and when they check, they will discover
  that she has disappeared into the night.  
Come and examine them and see that they meet with your approval.  
They have been mildly sedated for easier transport here.  
They are road weary and stained.  
If they meet with your approval I will have them cleaned so that you may
  examine their beauty as you wish."  
Justine opened the blanket revealing the exquisite blonde. Her long lustrous
  hair framing an innocent angelic face. Justine opened the blanket wider revealing
  full round breasts tipped by bright pink nipples.  
Justine moved to the second girl. This one was the Mexican girl. Petite with
  delicate features. The breasts were large for the body and she exuded a floral
  bouquet.  
Justine revealed the third beauty. A brunette with bright pink lips and a
  mischievous happy face. The breasts dominated her body. Big and shapely tipped
  by big brown nipples.  
The Marquis stoked all three of the pretty faces and weighed each breast.
  He rubbed each pussy making sure to run this finger in each girl's vaginal
  slit. "You have done well, Justine. Please have the maidens cleaned."  
The maidens were roused and led to an open area covered by mats and towels.
  Justine clapped her hands and three women appeared. A beautiful blonde led,
  followed by two brunettes with blonde streaks. The blonde wore a short toga
  that left a plump full breast revealed. It was Juliet. The two girls were nude,
  dolcettes.  
Juliet curtsied and lifted her skirt to reveal white lace panties, split
  crotch panties that showed Juliet's jewels engorged with a gold ring attached
  to one of the lips  
Juliet directed the dolcettes to towel off the maidens with wet cloths, as
  the Amazons held the still groggy girls up. The washing was slow and sensuous
  with particular care being directed at the breasts and genitalia. Juliet personally
  toweled each maiden's breasts and spread each maidens cunt open, to wash the
  cunts and anus.  
The job complete Juliet directed her girls to clean up the mess and the trio
  departed. The Amazons carried the maidens back to the sofa and deposited them
  onto the blankets.  
"I beg you master, please examine the maidens." Justine said.  
The master rose, politely kissed Justine and began his intense examination
  of the maidens.  
He started with the Mexican girl and looked deeply into her face. He grabbed
  a handful of hair and smelt it. He rubbed his hands up and down the torso and
  enjoyed the curves and silky skin.  
The breasts were his next targets. He massaged them forcefully and then went
  to the nipples. When he tweaked them and when milk squirted out, he sucked
  in a mouth full. He motioned Justine over and had Justine relieve him of the
  milk. Justine swallowed the milk  
On to the cunt he rubbed everything, till all the sex organs were engorged
  but he lingered for only a moment.  
On to the brunette. The Marquis looked over the whole body and rubbed his
  hands over the torso lingering at the waist and rubbing the ass cheeks. He
  cupped the breasts and massaged them. Then sucked a nipple but found no milk
  this time.  
He did a quick examination of the cunt, making sure to check out the engorged
  clit and lips. He checked to see the pink vagina.  
The Marquis went back to the Mexican miss and spread her slit to check the
  vagina. Darker brown.  
He moved to the blonde and studied the blonde pixie. He smelled the lustrous
  hair and kissed the lush lips. He explored the torso in detail. First rubbing
  all over. Even lifting the body so that her could feel her back and then lifted
  the girl to his chest. He rubbed his chest against the beauty's breasts. He
  massaged the big round mounds of flesh and then licked them. He attacked nipples,
  biting hard but not breaking the skin and then sucked milk out. Justine moved
  to take the milk but he drank the warm sweet fluid. He enjoyed milking both
  breasts dry.  
Then he bade Justine to join him and did a close examination of the cunt. "Not
  as impressive jewels as yours or even the brunette, disappointing. But her
  tits are magnificent."  
He kissed Justine and asked her to proceed.  
Justine asked the Amazons to awaken the maidens with smelling salts.  
Justine passed around drinks for everyone except the Marquis. Justine drank
  her potion.  
When the maidens were fully aroused, she went to each maiden and kissed each
  hard.  
Justine invited the Amazons to pleasure the maidens.  
Xena stripped off her uniform and the other Amazons followed suit.  
Xena did a slow pirouette in front of the Marquis showing him her impressive
  figure.  
As the warrior women went to work with tongues, fingers and dildos, Justine
  directed the frenzy. The Amazons used the opportunity to savage the maidens.
  After fifteen minutes Justine clapped and Xena pulled the other two Amazons
  off the Mexican and brunette maidens. All three young girls were sobbing and
  rubbing their sore cunts. Three mobile torture racks were pulled to centre
  stage, by the three nude Amazons, who locked the mechanisms into place and
  then moved to their chosen victims.  
Justine moved to sit by the Marquis and in a loud voice said; "Tonight's
  entertainment will be, the torture to death, of these beautiful maidens for
  your enjoyment. They have just had their pleasure and now they must give you
  pleasure. Xena and I have assembled a large assortment of instrument designed
  to inflict pain. With your permission we will proceed.  
The Marquis nodded.  
Xena got the ropes while the other two Amazons controlled and abused the
  three crying maidens. One girl, the blonde pled pitifully for mercy and was
  cuffed by Justine.  
"Amazon Captain, gag that one and hogtie her securely. Make sure she feels
  the rope burning into her skin. But take care, she is the favorite of the master
  and we should keep her beautiful till her death."  
The three Amazons hogtied their victims as Justine gave a grossly exaggerated
  explanation of the knots and tying techniques. The Marquis acted as if he was
  impressed.  
The maidens were quickly hogtied and carried to the horizontal racks. The
  three were secured in place; face up with their legs spread. Blondie was in
  the centre directly in front of the Marquis, flanked by the brunette and the
  Latin.  
The Marquis was invited to examine the rope work and played along, checking
  the knots and ropes but saying nothing. He did grab a tit or cunt as he pleased.
  The maidens were screaming, partly because of Justine's coaching and partly
  because the Amazons were abusing them at every opportunity, pinching, slapping
  and punching. One Amazon rubbed her fist against the brunette roughly and when
  no one objected, the Latin was similarly abused. Justine went to the blonde
  and gently pleasured the maiden. The girl responded by moaning softly.  
After fifteen minutes, Justine told the Amazons to untie the ropes and secure
  the maidens.  
"Secure their hands an feet so they a spread&ndash;eagle face up and tilt
  the platforms up at a forty-five degree angle.  
Master, Xena and I will now engage in a contest. We will use our favorite
  toys to torture our maidens for your enjoyment. You may pick a winner by whatever
  criteria you choose. The amount of pain administered, the creativity of our
  technique, the effect upon our victims, the loudness of the screams we cause,
  what ever you think worthy of reward. The victor can extinguish your chosen
  favorite for you."  
The little blonde screamed. The Mexican girl and the brunette continued crying.  
Xena chose a wooden vice and attached it to the brunette's breast and tightened
  the wooden boards until the maiden was screaming in pain and her breasts were
  turning blue.  
Justine chose clamps and applied then to the blonde. They were tightened
  till the girl screamed in agony. Xena came over and groped the clamped nipples
  brutally, causing even louder screams of pain.  
Both Justine and Xena tweaked the Mexican girl's tits hard and then attached
  clothespins in circular patterns around the nipples. Next the labia were rubbed
  till they were engorged and clamps attached to the lips. Weights were hung
  onto the clamps and set swinging. The two women grabbed a breast each and groped
  the Latin hard. The cloth pegs that fell off were replaced and the women changed
  sides.  
Xena had the blonde and eyed the pink slit. The Amazon got special ring with
  small clamps designed to pull the pussy wide open. When she had finished the
  cunt was fully displayed. The Amazon fingered the blonde's jewels till they
  were engorged and then shoved a large vibrator into the maiden's vagina.  
Justine had done the same with the brunette and the two women admired each
  other's work and traded compliments.  
Justine bowed, acknowledging that Xena's presentation was more artistic and
  invited the Amazon to prepare the Latin the same way, for the enjoyment of
  their master. Justine torn the weights and clamps off the cunt of the screaming
  maiden and then Xena attached the cunt-spreading ring and inserted a large
  vibrator.  
Xena invited her Amazons to take over for a time, while she and Justine rested.
  The two Amazons gleefully joined in, lighting candles and dripping hot wax
  over the most sensitive parts of the screaming girls. The little Latin swooned
  and the blonde freaked out, thrashing and screaming. The brunette maiden drifted
  off silently.  
The maidens were allowed a rest as the Amazons and Justine took a break.  
The Marquis went over and examined the maidens. He took special interest
  in the cunts, studying the display rings intently. He moved the dildos up and
  down; finally pushing them into the maidens' vaginas as deeply as he could.
  He checked to see what damage had been done by the molten wax and was disappointed
  that the hurt was so slight.  
The dark blue bulging breasts intrigued him. He rubbed them, pinched them,
  and tweaked the tits, half expecting the swollen breasts to burst like an overfilled
  balloon.  
An examination of the other two sets of breasts was disappointing to him.
  What turned him on the most was the pitiful expressions on the three faces,
  pain etched into such innocence. It gave him a hard on.  
Justine and Xena continued. The clamps and vice were removed and the breasts
  were gently massaged back into shape.  
Justine had one of the Amazons pass around another tray of drinks.  
Xena got the pins and needles. The maidens were given dose of smelling salt
  to jolt them back to reality and the maidens got their drinks.  
Justine asked the Amazons to comfort the maidens, gently, for their next
  trial. Xena showed the way and the three tenderly massaged the big breasts
  and caressed the torsos of the girls.  
Justine went to the Marquis and held up a small pin. "Xena and I will now
  stick a hundred of these pins into the breasts of our guests of honour. Xena
  will take the left side; the Mexican girl and I will do the brunette cutie.
  If a girl screams, an Amazon will administer a hard slap to the girl's ass
  or thigh." The Amazons moved into position and repeated Justine's words to
  their victims.  
Justine and Xena pushed in the pins slowly moving them around to cause the
  most motion and pain. Their victims lasted about twenty pins until Xena groped
  a breast covered with pins and grabbed hard. The Mexican girl shrieked and
  was slapped hard across her thighs. Justine imitated and her victim was screaming.
  After that, the two girls screamed as each pin was pushed in and Justice had
  to have the slapping stopped.  
After all one hundred pins were inserted, the little blood that had flowed
  was wiped away and Justine asked if the master would like to examine what had
  been done, in detail. The Marquis examined closely fingering a pin or two in
  each breast. He was disappointed with the lack of real response or look of
  pain so he grabbed the little brunette cutie's breast hard and pushed the pins
  in as hard as her could. He held the girl in that position as she writhed in
  pain, screaming. The writhing, of course, caused the girl more pain.  
As he finally let go, the cutie slumped back, crying.  
The Mexican girl was next and the results were the same.  
The Marquis bade the four women to follow his lead. The two Amazon bystanders
  joined in and were, immediately and brutally, using the pins to brutalize the
  girls' breasts. When Justine and Xena had their turn with the breasts, the
  mounds were left a bloody mess.  
Xena had her Amazons cleanup the mess, warning the Amazons not to cause more
  damage to the dolcettes.  
Then Justine and Xena turned their attention to the blonde beauty. Justine
  went to her master and held a hand full of long needles in front of his face. "Xena
  and I will insert these needles into the little blonde sweetheart, fifty needles."  
The Marquis moved closer to watch. The needles were pushed all the way through
  various parts of the breasts by the two women. The little girl screamed and
  writhed in agony. She swooned after about thirty needles were poked through
  her breasts.  
The girls were left for a half hour to recover a bit.  
The three were revived again with smelling salts and the next atrocity was
  announced to the Marquis. "The Amazons will take break, for a cigarette, but
  since we have no ash trays we will have to turn the maidens over and use their
  ass holes and of course they will have to butt them out, in the new ash trays.
  Justice took a cigarette from an Amazon and sent the disappointed woman to
  the sidelines.  
The remaining two Amazons and Justine turned the girls over. The girls screamed
  in agony as their wounded breasts suffered more abuse. They were secured and
  the three women lite up. The Marquis went to Justine and took her cigarette
  and moved to the blonde maiden. Justine got a cigarette from the Amazon underling
  and took her spot beside the Mexican maiden. The trio puffed away. Then Justine
  spread her victim's ass and poked the cigarette gently into the Mexican's asshole,
  so as to not break the red embers. The little girl screamed in pain and trashed
  about, mashing the cigarette. The red-hot embers died out slowly.  
Xena was next and the brunette was screaming.  
The two women looked to the master. He spread the ass and was about to push
  the cigarette into the red ass hole but instead he raised the blonde cutie's
  ass a bit and snuffed out his cigarette in the cutie's vagina. She screamed
  in agony and fainted.  
The maidens were loosened from the racks and the women had their hands bound
  with a short rope. The Amazons, minus Xena, led the girls to a platform and
  Justine and the Marquis joined the females there. The maidens were forced a
  top the platform and made to stand on stools. Xena had noosed ropes fall from
  the ceiling and put a noose around each maidens' throat. Justine curtsied to
  the Marquis and asked, "May I present the finale? I hope my efforts pleased
  you." The Marquis nodded and Justine moved along the platform and kicked away
  each stool. Justine stood back and watched the beautiful bodies dance in the
  air. The kicking stopped, after a while, and the bodies were still.  
The Marquis turned and left without a word.  
Justice waited for the Marquis to leave completely and ordered Xena and the
  other Amazons to cut the girls down quickly and try to revive the dolcettes. "They
  are very valuable dolcettes worth tens of thousands of dollars alive. The hanging
  shouldn't have killed them. I want them all alive."  
All three dolcettes were alive. Justine had the Amazons remove the pins,
  needle, vibrators and other torture toys and take the dolcettes to the farm
  for treatment.  
Justine thanked Xena for her help saying, "We put on a great show. I'm sure
  that the Marquis enjoyed the evening. And that was the whole idea. Dolcettes
  are valuable meat animals. If they are alive for roasting or cooking, they
  are worth a lot more than meat parts and carcasses. The Marquis has let me
  know that live dolcettes are a business asset that we should strive to keep
  in good conditions. The dolcettes we used tonight are still alive. Their hurts
  seemed grievous but they might recover fully and if they do, we retain a valuable
  asset. If they have to be put down, at least the kitchen can do it at their
  leisure, not in a rush to salvage girl meat.  
I will provide entertainments for the Marquis, that he will enjoy, and I
  will protect his business interests. And I look to you to assist me.  
I am the Justine now!  
A Formal Banquet   
Justine expected to hear from the Marquis immediately. Did he like the three-girl
  dinner?  
What would be the next assignment? How were the dolcettes? The questions
  going through her mind were endless. But no message was sent or communication
  of any sort received. After wondering what she had done wrong, Justine just
  waited.  
On Friday evening there was a knock at the door of her suite. Justine jumped
  up and hurried to the door. A message a last.  
Juliet was standing there with a white rose. Juliet was dressed in a white
  short toga, with both her breasts covered this time. Her long hair was auburn
  and shiny. The only other clothing she wore were white spiked high heels and
  a black leather collar around her throat. Juliet entered and announced, "The
  master has sent his compliments and thanks for an entertaining evening." And
  handed the white rose to Justine. "He wishes me to be your slave for the evening
  and night. I am to do your every bidding and grant your every wish." Juliet
  handed Justine a leash that was attached to her collar. Justice tried to question
  Juliet a number of times but Juliet only said, "Tonight I am your sex slave."  
Justine shrugged and put the vase holding the rose beside her bed and kissed
  Juliet.  
Juliet came alive and passionately kissed Justine. Tongues darted in and
  out of each others mouths and moaning began. "May I undress you mistress?" Juliet
  whispered.  
And when Justine consented, Juliet undressed Justine slowly and erotically,
  removing clothing and then kissing the area that had been on covered. Justine
  wasn't wearing much, only a mini-dress and some underwear. Juliet was disappointed
  that Justine was not wearing a bra, so she lifted her toga off and undid her
  bra and dressed Justine in the white lacy bra, the movements were sensual and
  sexy. Juliet cupped one of Justine's large breasts in her hand and kissed it.
  Then she sucked the nipple till it was engorged and beautiful and finally,
  she placed the breast into one of the bra cups. The other breast was similarly
  cupped kissed and the nipple sucked till it was engorged. The left breast went
  into the bra cup. Juliet then moved behind Justine and cupped both breasts
  in her hand and massaged Justine's breasts. As she was doing so, Juliet rubbed
  her breasts into Justine's back and kissed the nape of the blonde beauty's
  neck. The massage caused Justine to moan quietly, in pleasure. After a while
  Juliet attached the clasps that secured the bra. She moved to face Justine
  and said, "My mistress was depriving me of my pleasures. I can now enjoy the
  sight of your magnificent breasts being revealed to me and I can pay homage
  them in a manner befitting my mistress." Juliet kissed Justine and then moved
  her arms around Justine to undo the bra. She used the opportunity to hug Justine
  and the two beautiful women rubbed their breasts together passionately. When
  the two separated, Juliet made sure the bra would stay on Justine's breasts.
  Juliet kissed the top of Justine's right breast and then uncapped the mound.
  Juliet licked the entire breast. Juliet kissed the entire breast. She sucked
  the nipple and gently nipped at the areola. Then on to the left breast. Juliet
  removed the bra and threw it other shoulder. Juliet licked the whole breast;
  she kissed the breast and paid due homage to the nipple.  
Juliet licked and kissed her way down to the panties, and drew them down
  Justine's legs slowly kissing the areas of skin that the panties had gone over.
  She tossed the panties over her shoulder. Juliet then attacked Justine's pussy,
  licking and kissing the entire area but not invading the vaginal slit. She
  had Justine turn over and lick the whole ass but not the anus. She got up and
  surveyed Justine and asked, "Has the mistress now been properly cleaned? Did
  I miss anywhere?"  
Justine playfully pointed to her vagina, spread her legs and ran a finger
  up and down the slit. Juliet nodded her finger back and forth saying, "Mais
  non, mon amie but that jewel requires special treatment.  
I will return."  
Juliet went to the bathroom and returned with a small porcelain basin, wash
  cloths and some containers. She poured some soap and rose water from the containers
  and she used the towels, her finger and her tongue to clean all of Justine's
  jewels and Justine's vagina. The cleaning was slow and erotic. Juliet gently
  turned Justine over and wiped the anal area. She kissed the area around the
  anus and the tongued the ass hole as deeply as she could. Then she inserted
  a wet finger and pushed it in as far as she could. Justine felt a warm flow
  of liquid entering her ass and then a towel drying the area. Juliet took her
  cleaning supplies back to the bathroom and returned smiling. "Now mistress
  is clean?"  
Justine nodded and Juliet went on, "I will now undress for my mistress. If
  you wish."  
Justine asked that she be allowed to undress Juliet and Juliet replied, "If
  that is your wish I must obey but I am here to please you. You should not concern
  yourself with pleasing me tonight."  
Justine laughed and dragged Juliet to the bed, "OK enough of this slave,
  mistress bullshit, you're her to fuck and I want to fuck. We both want to fuck
  each other, so lets do it."  
Juliet broke into laughter and paused, grinned mischievously at Justine and
  said, "OK but do I strip, you'll love my strip or do you tear my clothes off.
  On second thought I better strip. After all these are my best undies and you
  like to borrow them all the time."  
Justine giggled, "OK but your stripping better be good or I'll make you dress
  again and shred you favorite lingerie."  
Juliet got up and waved a finger at Justine and laughed, "No peeking. I have
  to correct a wardrobe problem first." She pulled her toga over her head and
  retrieved her bra saying to Justine, "I hope your big boobs didn't stretch
  to so much that I look like a flat chested school girl in it. Then she pulled
  down her white matching panties and threw them to Justine. Juliet retrieved
  Justine's black panties and put those on saying, "Trade ya".  
She put the toga back on and began her strip. She danced sensuously to the
  music in her mind, rubbing her arms and legs, feeling her breasts and then
  broken into a raunchy bump and grind. Then she pulled the straps of her gown
  over her shoulders and pulled the gown down her body sensuously undulating
  and twisting, to pull the tight garment down her body. When the neck got stuck
  on her breasts, Juliet pulled harder and undulated more. She moved right in
  front of Justine face so that Justine could see her breast straining at the
  dress and being pushed flat and then bouncing back as the dress passed over.
  To Justine's delight a nipple popped out of the bra and Justine bounced up
  to suck it.  
"Hey no fair. I'm not finished yet", said Juliet, as she sent Justine back
  to her seat.  
The toga was around Juliet's legs when Justine sat down and Juliet kicked
  at Justine. It hit her right over the face. Justine rose, "That did it. Show's
  over." Justine laughed and tackled Juliet, tearing off her bra and black panties.  
The two beauties rolled around on the floor for a while, kissing and as Justine
  moved in on Juliet's nipples to suck her rich milk out. Juliet stopped laughing
  and said, "Stop for a minute. Let's get up. Rolling around on the floor is
  for kids. We have a nice comfortable bed." The couple got up and moved to the
  bed. Juliet paused and said, "I almost forgot Justine I didn't shower before
  coming over. I cleaned you nice and clean and I wouldn't want you to think
  I was making you dirty."  
"OK, I have a little confession I don't shower if I'm planning to have sex
  with a lover.  
My body smells divine, if I do say so myself. I like knowing that my female
  essence, my pheromones, even my sweat is totally enveloping my lover. By the
  way, licking you clean was my pleasure. I love the tastes and textures my tongue
  finds on its trip: salty, sweet, sometimes bitter, all the tastes. I'm enjoying
  the total animal not just a face or set of sex organs."  
Justine answered, "OK no shower but only if I can clean you the way you cleaned
  me."  
"Right, but you won't do half as good a job. I'm an expert. If you show potential,
  I'll teach you my expert techniques, maybe while I teach you to squirt. And
  we can add stripping. You missed my finale. If you had seen that, you would
  want lessons of that too." Juliet laughed.  
"Well back to the grind. Oh yea, you were milking me. Please, please continue.
  When the Marquis told me to be your sex slave to night, I didn't milk my breasts
  and let them be.  
They're swollen full and kindda sore. Check out my bra. It got soaked when
  I pulled my dress down over my boobs. So mistress, if you will allow your slave
  a favour, suck my tits dry. Justine I know you like my milk but there's probably
  too much, you can suck it out and put it in my mouth. I love the taste of my
  milk. It's me, giving back to the baby in me."  
Justine and Juliet kissed and then Justine attacked Juliet's breast licking
  the whole surface from tit to base, often stopping to lick clean dribbles that
  had oozed out from the nipples. When both breasts were cleaned, Justine began
  sucking hard and biting softly. Juliet arched her back a moaned in ecstasy.
  Part of the process, used to induce lactation, was a Pavlovian conditioning
  technique that caused orgasm when the nipples were stimulated  
Justine greedily feed on Juliet and as she moved to the other breast she
  remembered that Juliet wanted some milk to, so Justine filled her mouth and
  passed the warm sweet milk to Juliet mouth. Juliet savored her own milk and
  swallowed it down. Justine took another mouthful for herself and let Juliet
  enjoy a second mouthful. Juliet nudged Justine from her breast and lay Justine
  on her back. Juliet gently massaged one of Justine's breasts and then dribbled
  some milk on to Justine's breast. Juliet then sucked on Justine's nipple as
  if she was milking Justine. Justine lay back in total pleasure. The couple
  repeated the process with Justine's other tit and then Juliet ordered Justine
  to milk her until her breasts were sore with pleasure.  
As Justine licked down Juliet's torso, Juliet once again pulled away and
  made a request.  
"I know I'm the slave and you're the mistress but could I make another request?
  My boobs are really sore and, to be honest, I'm kindda poop out. Your lovemaking
  was great. I orgasmed, three times. When they got me to lactate, I got some
  kind of conditioning to make my body orgasm when my tits are milked. Could
  I just get you off and then we can rest a bit? I have been instructed to spend
  the night, unless you send me away, so we have all night."  
"Well if that's what you think of my licking and sucking, I guess you better
  stay all night to teach me how to do that to. No doubt you're an expert in
  that too, girl.  
But slave hear me, you must make me cum and allow me to make you squirt before
  we rest.  
Now get down here and start licking my pussy. For this round, only lips,
  tongues and fingers are allowed."  
Juliet licked Justine's pussy till her vagina was sopping wet and then attacked
  Justine's clit. Juliet nipped at the labia and then fingered Justine's vagina
  till Justine's moans told the auburn haired beauty that she had found Justine's
  G-spot. Juliet fingered the G-spot, while her thumb worried the clit and Justine's
  vagina contracted in a deep orgasm.  
Juliet coached Justine on how to induce a vaginal squirt but Justine just
  wasn't doing it right. If Juliet had been able to, she would have faked it
  but you can't fake a obvious physical manifestation like the squirting, she
  had done for the Marquis. So in the end, Juliet rubbed her clit just the way
  she liked it and Justine rubbed Juliet's G-spot and the squirt jetted across
  the room.  
The two beauties rested and made love countless times during the night. Justine
  would have to wait another day to learn to squirt and Juliet would enjoy her
  new lover's female essences one more night.  
The next morning the two showered together and breakfasted in the pool atrium.
  They chatted about nothing in particular. During the conversation, Justine
  complimented Juliet on her hair. Juliet gushed back, "Yea I like it. The blonde
  made me look too much like you, not that anyone would confuse us. Just compare
  the bodies. Girl your gonna have to teach me how to develop boobs like yours.
  Hell even my milkers are no match.  
And speaking of boobs, mistress owes me some new undies. Make them white,
  lacy and sexy."  
When Justine returned to her suite, there was a note saying that she should
  meet the Marquis for lunch, in the atrium.  
At lunch, Justine and the Marquis talked while the dolcettes splashed in
  the shallow pool and lounged on the deck chairs. The Marquis was all business. "My
  dear you did a fine job last week. Everything was entertaining and enjoyable
  and I hear there were no complications or left over messes to deal with.  
Your next party will be for more than me. I will co-host a small gathering
  on next Saturday. There will four couples, myself accompanied by you, and three
  friends and their spouses. You are to make all the dinner arrangements, in
  consultation with my friend's butler. Actually you will handle everything except
  the actual meal.  
You are to use up to ten dolcettes as decoration and serving platters for
  the dinner. A whole dolcette will not be the main entr&eacute;e so you may
  want to use one as a platter for the main entr&eacute;e, that sort of thing.
  As always, my resources are at your command.  
One other thing. You will need a formal gown. That one you wore to dinner,
  last time, was nice but get something better, more expensive, nicer. Don't
  be afraid to show off your body. That's why you're my date. I want to show
  off my trophy. My friends will, no doubt, bring their trophy wives or husband.
  I want you to be the most beautiful woman in the room. Don't dress like a whore
  but get a gown that leaves nothing to the imagination."  
Justine met with James, the butler, and got a copy of the tentative menu.
  The food was to be prepared in the Hilltop Restaurant kitchen and served at
  the Marquis' home.  
Justine racked her brains for ideas. Dolcettes as decorations? The Marquis
  mentioned the serving platter for the main entr&eacute;e. Just get a beautiful
  dolcette with big boobs and a flat stomach and, viola, a platter and there
  were the de Sade candleholders - ass holes and vaginas. She had to do something
  with the breasts and milk. Most of the dolcettes did lactate and milk was definitely
  food. Coffee creamer definitely and maybe drinks but the presentation of dolcette
  and manner of milking would be paramount. Justine could imagine full breasts
  squirting milk all over formal gowns and outraged faces. Four down and six
  to go.  
Justine switched her thoughts to shopping, of course. She had to buy a gown
  but the only real gown she had ever worn was for the dinner with the Marquis
  and that one was rented.  
Where to start? Finally Justine called Juliet, This was more a girl matter,
  than a Justine matter, she rationalized. Juliet was free, so she came by.  
"Hi Justine. I thought you called for a squirting lesson.  
But a formal gown? I have a few from my days as Justine that we can take
  a look at, to get an idea what may suit your occasion and there is a room full
  of Justine stuff from the other Justines. We can look at those."  
Juliet took Justine to her room and brought the gowns out. When Justine asked
  Juliet why she had so many expensive gowns the beauty replied, "To make me
  look beautiful, of course, when Prince Charming comes calling.  
No actually, rich people always buy a gown for an occasion and never wear
  it again, so each of these gowns represents one gala event. They're useless
  really, can't wear them anywhere, not that I go anywhere these days.  
But their nice and they cost a fortune, so I keep them.  
First rule of gown buying: Don't even look at the price tag. You'll probably
  faint. Besides you're not paying, anyways.  
Second: Buy a gown only for that occasion. You'll probably never wear it
  again.  
Third: Buy it for the Marquis and the people attending the occasion, not
  for you.  
Think of the image the Marquis wants to project. Justine is his trophy and
  statement.  
He'll usually tell you what he wants. Listen hard for the cues.  
Well three rules are enough to start with. Don't want to tax the little gray
  cells too much.  
Let's go to the Justine storage room."  
The room was a big closet with all sorts of things. Juliet told Justine that
  this was only clothes and more personal items. If a girl was replaced, she
  was allowed to take any clothes and personal belongings, she had acquired while
  she was Justine. This closet held what wasn't taken and still might be of use
  in the future. This room, and all in it, was the property of the Justine to
  do with as she saw fit.  
The girls examined the gowns and Justine even tried on a few, but she thought
  none were even as nice as Juliet's.  
Juliet agreed to go shopping with Justine. "OK Justine I'll go if you beg
  me."  
 "Ple&hellip;", was all Justine got out.  
"OK, Justine, don't grovel. I'll go but only if you promise to replace my
  lingerie. I know just the shops. Shops only Justine and her no limit credit
  card can afford. This may be my last chance to get the finest, read most expensive,
  underwear on the planet. Thank you."  
The two beautiful women dressed the next day in cut offs and jerseys in the
  Justine's Jaguar ready to plunder the stores.  
Juliet made Justine stop for lunch at vegetarian restaurant and while they
  were eating, Juliet had Justine go over as much a she could remember about
  his instructions concerning the gown she was to buy.  
Juliet summarized what she thought the Marquis said, "This is my perspective.
  I could be totally wrong and in the end you're the Justine and you'll pay the
  consequences or get the glory. He wants to show you off. You're his prize trophy.
  His friends go through spouses like Hollywood movie stars, always showing of
  their latest trophies. The women, there are one or two women friends but we
  won't worry about them unless you're into impressing the fairer sex with style
  and grace. They're old bats whose concept of haut couture is what's most expensive
  in Paris. The wives usually dress like high fashion models with lots of makeup
  and the runway strut or like high-class call girls entertaining the fabulously
  wealthy with everything on display or hanging out.  
The Marquis did say to show off your body and use you ass, oh, I mean assets
  to good advantage. But I found a little naughty but demure is very sexy. Just
  let them know you got the goods but they're not for sale or on open display.
  Maybe, something with a plunging neckline that shows the tiniest bit of nipple
  when you bend and you can bend a lot. Keep that in mind but if you find something
  that you think makes you look fabulous that's your gown."  
Juliet took Justine to the most exclusive shops in town and when Juliet introduced
  Justine the sales staff they knew exactly what was meant and gave Justine the
  royal treatment.  
After many gowns, Justine did find the gown that she felt fabulous in and
  looked fabulous on her. Juliet's agreement was the clincher and it was off
  to buy panties.  
Juliet took Justine to her favorite lingerie shop and this time there was
  no need for introductions. The owner greeted Juliet-Justine and the new Justine.  
"Justine what bra size do those monsters of yours take, 40 triple D." Joked
  Juliet.  
"Only 38 D", Justine meekly replied.  
"I was just kidding, you know me. Come on. Lets check things out."  
The girls shopped for an hour and Juliet met Justine at the cash register
  with four packages. "Don't you love these silk, soft and satiny? I love the
  way it feels on my body and it makes me so horny. And white lace to replace
  the one you tore."  
Didn't you get anything? Hell you need something to wear under that gown
  and you haven't been shopping in a while."  
Juliet motioned and a sales girl deposited a stack of garments on to the
  counter. "I picked these out for you. See if they're right size."  
"Don't you remember the comment the Marquis made about the importance of
  lingerie? "  
"He practically told you to get some sexy lingerie. You had to wear my undies
  the first night. Throw out all your old underwear and start dressing like the
  Justine, the Marquis wants. I would."  
Justine giggled and checked over the lingerie and aside from changes in color,
  accepted all of Juliet's picks. "Thanks for your help, but I'll only buy these
  clothes if you go pick out some more goodies for yourself. Some split crotch
  panties that will show off your jewels maybe. No silk. Get some of the most
  expensive silks in the store. Things you've always wanted but thought were
  too expensive. Lets go check them out."  
Justine picked some eye popping silk garments for Juliet, "I'm buying these
  for you unless you choose something else. Girl, this is the last chance. Pick
  what you want or you'll be stuck with these. The Marquis can pay and if he
  fires me when he sees the bill, you can help me find a new job. Now Pick!"  
Juliet did pick a silk camisole she loved, a demure white silk baby doll
  nightie and silk bra and panties outfit with an astronomical price tag.  
On the way back Justine talked a little more about her assignment
    and Juliet came up with the idea of using dolcettes' vaginas as wine coolers.  
"Get a couple of dolcettes with big wide vaginas and you can push wine bottles
up them and when someone wants, a drink the waiter can pull the bottle out and
maybe wrap in one of the cold cloths to chill white wine or just a plain towel
for red wine and then the waiter can push the bottle back in. The Marquis will
love to see the gaping pussies and the pained expression on the dolcettes' faces
when the wine bottle is reinserted and the dolcettes will just have sore cunts
for a day or two."   
"You should get the farm medic to help you lactate. They use bio feed back
  and conditioning on the dolcettes and usually can get a girl lactating. If
  that fails, a course of hormones usually does the trick. Me, I'm the no additives
  in my food, girl so I insisted no pills or drugs and my milkers are government
  approved, 100% pure. And as I told you, they can condition your body to orgasm
  with nipple stimulation. Go over today and see if they can do anything to get
  you ready for the dinner. A stain of milk from your tits, during dessert and
  brandies, will probably outrage the women but I guarantee it will turn on the
  men and the Marquis will love it."  
"And while you're at the med centre, see if you can get your pussy pierced.
  I saw you admiring my pussy ring, the other night. The Marquis has a standing
  policy that he will pay for any and all piercing jewelry, for the cunt or nipples.
  He hates the face stuff and doesn't allow it. I was thinking maybe two or three
  rings that will tinkle as you walk. Everyone will know it's from pussy rings.
  Demonstrating that you have an asset without blatantly displaying it. The procedure
  only takes an hour or so and baring complications, you'll just have a sore
  pussy for a day or two. Think about that too."  
The two women returned home and hurried to Justine's suite where Justine
  modeled her new gown and accessories. She was stunning.  
The two agreed to meet after dinner, for their exclusive lingerie party.
  Two guests: the sexy and beautiful Juliet and the beautiful and sexy Justine.  
Justine did visit the med centre and asked about getting her breasts to lactate.
  She was informed, "Our current procedure is a two fold process.  
We use a bio-feedback machine hooked up to your nipples so that you can monitor
  subconscious activities of your body and the idea is that you concentrate on
  lactating, if your body does something that makes lactation possible, we will
  let you know and over time, you should be able to control this body activity,
  a bit. Hopefully, enough to get your mammary glands producing milk. At the
  same time and in other sessions, we can hypnotize you into thinking you are
  cradling a baby in your arms. The baby is crying for food and sucking at your
  nipples. Subconsciously, your body will think you're a nursing mother and should
  be lactating to feed your baby.  
None of this is sure and times for inducing lactation can be as short as
  a week or as long as months and we have about a twenty per cent failure rate.
  In your case we can step up the treatments to two bio-feedback &ndash; hypno
  sessions at day and one extra hypnosis session a day.  
We can also try hormone therapy by itself or in combination. The hormone
  that induces lactation is injected into your arm and hopefully that induces
  lactation. But at least for a while, there be a high level of hormones in your
  milk and it should not be ingested, drunk, until those levels go down. Also
  medical science is not really sure if there are side effects or long-term effects.  
The conditioning linking orgasms to nipple stimulation can be done any time.
  After you start lactating.  
The piercing of your pussy can be scheduled tomorrow if you wish and the
  recovery time is one to two days. Your genitals will be sore and we have to
  monitor for infection. We have some samples of rings, 18 carat gold for a Justine,
  if you want to see them."  
Justine agreed to start bio-feedback and hypnosis immediately and to try
  hormone therapy as a last ditch effort at mid week to see if she could at least
  get the trickle Juliet had suggested. The treatments would continue until she
  was lactating or that nothing more could be done.  
Justine picked a series of rings that required eight piercings but would
  definitely made music as she walked and she would have a week to learn to play
  songs as she strutted.  
The day of the party, approached quickly and Justine was making some progress.
  She had some brainstorms but nothing involving the dolcette decorations.  
She consulted with the James, the butler and Head Chef Tyler. Justine broached
  the idea of a dolcette platter. Justine said they would get an attractive dolcette
  and use the stomach area as a platter. The chef and butler argued about the
  actual food and compromised on a Dolcette Bourguignon and Filles Mignon as
  the main entr&eacute;es. The chef wanted to live roast a dolcette centerpiece
  but the butler insisted that his employer did not want a lot of dolcette girl
  meat nor did he want to incur the cost of a prime dolcette roaster. The chef
  also didn't like the idea of a dolcette leaving his kitchen live and completely
  uncooked.  
After much arguing, a compromise was reached. The dolcette would be gutted
  alive and kept alive as long as possible. The meats from the body cavity, the
  loins and chops would form the basis of the Dolcette Bourguignon and the finished
  entr&eacute;e would be served in the open body cavity, a bowl or container
  would be inserted to hold the girl meat stew.  
The Filles Mignon would be placed around the Dolcette Bourguignon. At the
  completion of the party, the dolcette would be returned to the kitchen and
  processed. The kitchen would still have the all the choicest cuts of girl meat
  and they could sell them, as having been harvested from a live dolcette or
  even use the whole dolcette as spit roaster, the next day.  
In any event, the kitchen would retain an almost whole, more or less live
  Grade A-one roaster. James could report that the entr&eacute;e, requested by
  his employee, would be served and the main entr&eacute;e would be made from
  the fresh girl meat of the dolcette platter without incurring the cost of a
  Premium Gourmet Grade A-one live roaster. Justine would have her dolcette platter.
  And the three parties would split the cost of the dolcette.  
Justine's next idea was for a dolcette centerpiece to decorate the table
  before the entr&eacute;es were set out. The centerpiece would be removed when
  the entr&eacute;e was served. It would be a living replica of the famous Venus
  de Milo statue. Neither Chef Tyler or James were interested in commenting on
  her idea and they went back to making finalizing the menu.  
The day before the big dinner. James chose a tall brunette with a classic
  Nordic face and big round breasts as the centerpiece &ndash; platter. The long
  toned legs would be spread in a simple open crotch style and the dolcette's
  sex sculptured with extreme care to display the dolcette's genitalia in their
  fully engorged glory. Gold vibrators would be inserted into the vagina and
  anus. The dolcettes face was to be accorded the best make up treatment possible,
  presenting an innocent, natural look that emphasized the dolcette's youth and
  classic beauty. Justine approved of James's choice and agreed upon the manner
  of presentation. Justine selected the tray that the dolcette would be displayed
  on and made sure the container for the Dolcette Bourguignon would integrate
  well into the dolcette's body cavity without being evident. For good luck she
  tweaked the dolcette's nipple.  
Chef Tyler also agreed to have his cosmetician work on the dolcette Venus,
  and have his butchers cut away the limbs in accordance with the Justine's instructions.
  Justine conferred with the butcher. He would use a bone saw to cut the limbs
  at precisely the measurements Justine had given him. Justine had surfed the
  web and gotten the exact measurements of the Venus de Milo statue and scaled
  the measurement to her dolcette height to come up with the size of the limbs.
  The butcher would perform his operation tomorrow afternoon.  
Justine checked to see if the dolcette she had chosen had been transported
  from the farm to the kitchen. The dolcette was waiting in a holding pen. Justine
  checked to make sure the dolcette had been washed and cleaned.  
A dolcette was picked to match the torso of Venus and to a lesser degree
  the face. The cosmetician had assured her that as long as the face of the dolcette
  resembled the Venus, make up and prosthetics could be used to create an almost
  identical face. The make up and prosthetics could be applied so that only the
  closest, most discerning eye could pick them out and the effects would last
  for hours.  
Justine was counting on the cosmetician's professionalism and expertise.
  The cosmetician would start work immediately to make sure that her other kitchen
  duties were not overlooked and complete the job after the butcher had lobbed
  off the limbs, so any problems created by the trauma of the operation could
  be mitigated. She assured Justine that the Venus would be ready on time.  
Justine called the farm and arranged for the eight dolcettes, to be used
  as furniture, to be sent to the workshop. She had picked eight lovely dolcettes.
  All had big shapely lactating breasts and innocent faces. They would be used
  as parts of furniture that the workshop had built for her.  
Justine met the dolcettes. They were being guarded, on leashes, by Xena and
  two other Amazons. At Justine's orders the workmen assemble the pieces for
  Justine.  
First was the coffee cart. Justine picked a blonde with a short pageboy and
  an angelic innocent face. The dolcette had enormous round breasts and bright
  pink nipples. Justine tweaked both nipples and watched big jets of milk squirt
  out. She tasted the milk. She put a plain white bra on the girl, with the writing "Do
  Not Milk". The dolcette was secured into a box in a cart. Her legs were crouching
  as low as possible and her torso slanted at a 45 degree angle and her head
  went to the front of the cart where it was held in place by a thick padded
  leather belt covered by a wide silk ribbon, to give the effect that the dolcette
  had a black silk collar around her throat. The hands were tied behind the back
  so that the big breasts hanging down were clearly visible. Justine reached
  down and cupped the breasts. Then she ordered a workman to bring over a special
  breast pump and secure it to the bottom of the cart. She pulled away the cups
  of the bra and checked to make sure the two breasts could be easily milked
  by the pump. She pumped some milk out and tasted it.  
Then she hand milked a breast so that the milk was all caught in a transparent
  container. She turned and asked if everyone could see the pump drawing out
  milk and whether there were any errant squirts. When the replies were favorable,
  Justine called over Xena and told her to secure the shoulders and thighs of
  the dolcette and when Xena thought everything was secure, to pinch the dolcette
  and cause the girl to thrash around violently.  
Xena pinched the dolcette's cunt hard and got the desired effect. The dolcette
  was secure and the cart didn't tip over. Justine told Xena to release the dolcette.
  Justine pulled the bra back into position. She reminded Xena that she was responsible
  for making sure that the cart arrived two hours before diner time with that
  dolcette secured in place, in the same manner as the demonstration. The cart
  would have a coffee machine or urn and condiments placed on top. A waiter,
  who had practiced using the breast pump and hand milking, would wheel the cart
  in, serve coffee or tea and, if required, flavor the beverage with fresh dolcette
  breast milk.  
The coffee cart was good to go.  
Justine yelled candleholders and two workmen brought over oak frames that
  Justine had designed, aided by the shop foreman. At the same time, Xena and
  another Amazon brought over the two dolcettes, Justine had chosen for this
  role. The stands had been designed to hold the dolcettes' cunts high in the
  air, so that a candles could be inserted and stand vertically to the floor.
  The candle would be shoved deeply in to the vagina and held in place by nearly
  invisible plastic straps. The burning candles had been designed to drip molten
  wax on the vaginas. One stand had been built to allow one dolcette to be secured
  front side up and one stand presented the dolcette backside up. The girls were
  secured into the stands and candles inserted. As a plus, one of the workman
  had come up with a system of mirrors to show the faces, behind the candles,
  so that all the dinners could watch the anguished, gagged faces as they dined.
  The dolcettes would be left in their holders with the candles in them, for
  a while, to make one final test of the setup. If all was well, the candle stands
  would be good to go.  
Next Justine yelled for the wine holders and the workmen wheeled out two
  carts as the Amazons led two pretty dolcettes over to Justine. One dolcette
  was a pretty blonde with long platinum blonde hair and the other dolcette and
  dark red hair. The girls were of medium build. Justine had chosen these two
  dolcettes for their deep wide vaginas. The big love tunnels were needed to
  hold wine bottles in them. The dolcettes were secured into the rosewood carts;
  face up, on their backs in a simple spread leg position. The legs were spread
  as wide as possible and the knees bent so that the feet and lower legs hung
  down out of the way. Pillows were placed under the dolcettes' asses to raise
  the cunts.  
Wine bottles no matter how wide would be pushed into the vaginas and the
  wine servers would wheel the carts to refill glasses of wine, red and white.
  Justine had had the dolcette's hair dyed platinum blonde and reddish to denote
  the wine their vaginas would hold. Justine had worked out a method using a
  funnel and dry ice to pour the white wine through to cool the wine as it was
  poured.  
Justine had wanted the wine bottles held vertical as with a usual wine cooler.  
But she decided that the Marquis and his guests would rather see the face
  of the dolcette especially when wide bottles were reinserted into the dolcette's
  vagina. So instead, she simply used a stopper to keep the wine from spilling.
  The cunts and faces would be on display. Transparent straps were used to limit
  the movements of the dolcettes and keep the bottles in place in the vaginas.
  Justine had the Amazons act as wine stewards and gave them the widest bottles
  to insert. The bottles did go in, without too much trouble.  
Earlier, practice insertions of the bottles had made it easier for the dolcettes
  to handle their task. Moreover, when Justine had requested that the wine stewards
  practice, the two servers had been more than eager to do a great deal of practice,
  so Justine could foresee no problems from them. Justine had also suggested
  that the wine stewards should constantly rub and finger the dolcettes' cunts
  to keep the sex organs in an excited state. The wine stewards were only too
  happy to comply with that request.  
The wine coolers were both good to go.  
Justine issued final orders to Xena and the Amazons. "Make sure all the dolcettes
  are fully cleaned, including enemas and douches. If the farm staff doesn't
  do the cleaning to your satisfaction, rewash them yourself. Allow time to rewash
  all the dolcettes, just in case."  
"Get the dolcettes assembled into the furniture according to my specifications
  and to the dining room, the Marquis' house dining room, on time. At least two
  hours before dinnertime. If there is even a slight problem call me immediately.
  If in doubt, call me."  
The rest of the afternoon was spent at the beauty salon. And yes, there was
  an exclusive salon for the Justine. Much to her surprise, Xena was invited
  to come along and get the glamour treatment. And, Juliet was invited to come
  along, as consultant to the Justine; and as it would happen, Justine would
  ask Juliet to be on hand, to help out at the dinner, necessitating that Juliet
  also receive the full treatment, just in case she was required to help out,
  at the actual dinner. The Amazon softened and enjoyed the perks of being a
  girl and the three had a wonderful afternoon.  
At the spa, Justine presented a necklace to Xena, for her to wear at the
  dinner. Justine spread her legs revealing her naked pussy. Prominently displayed
  was a series of interlocking gold rings that were held in place by eight piercing.
  The rings matched the rings that dangled from the necklace, "Xena practice
  walking around and moving so the rings tinkle and tomorrow make sure that every
  time you're near a guest, you tinkle the rings. I want everyone to know that
  the rings hanging between your breasts are making the same sound as rings on
  my pussy."  
Justine and Juliet spent the evening on final details of the gown. The two
  women debated underwear or panties, to be precise. The plunging V front and
  back precluded wearing a bra. Justine finally decided to wear panties. They
  would be obvious in the clinging silk but Justine felt her statement would
  be, "I'm a lady not a dolcette or a whore, in fact the panties would be white.
  They would also be split crotch to allow the rings to tinkle.  
Justine's legs would be naked and she would only wear the matching spiked
  high heels that had been picked to go with the gown. She would carry no purse,
  to indicate that the venue was her turf. Juliet asked about jewelry and Justine
  was floored. The only jewelry she had worried about was the jewelry hanging
  from her sexual jewels. She didn't have anything to wear. The costume jewelry
  and schoolgirl necklaces would not be appropriate. Could they get to jeweler
  tonight or could Juliet rush over tomorrow? Justine knew she would have no
  time. Juliet quelled Justine's concerns. "The Marquis will probably present
  you with an out of sight necklace tomorrow just before the dinner, that's his
  style. For the other baubles and beads there is the, tah dah, Justine's Jewelry
  vault."  
Justine examined every piece of jewelry and would have spent the whole night
  inspecting her treasure trove but Juliet jolted her from her revelry, "Girl
  you can study the treasure later, it ain't going anywhere. But you have to
  pick some pieces for tomorrow."  
Pressed by Juliet, Justine settled on two necklaces, a diamond pendant and
  string of pearl.  
She knew the pearls were a perfect accessory for her black gown, but the
  pendant kept entrancing her. It was the biggest gem she had ever seen but it
  was the way the gem sparkled in a rainbow of ever moving, ever changing colors
  that worked magic. "Juliet, I guess is should pick this string of pearls, they
  will really compliment the gown but I love this pendant."  
"Justine take them both. Wear the pendant tonight and if you like, every
  day, it's the property of the Justine. Just don't get to attached to it. If,
  heaven forbid, you should fall from grace, you can't take it with you. The
  pearls are right for your gown.  
Now a couple nice ring and bracelets. And maybe an anklet. Some men think
  it's really sexy."  
Justine and Juliet picked two rings, one sapphire and one emerald and gold
  bracelet. There was no anklet, the rustling sound of the gold links might obscure
  the sound of Justine's pussy rings.  
The two beauties gently fucked each other with dildos and vibrator, just
  to calm themselves, careful not to mess up their new hairdos. Justine asked
  Juliet to spend the night explaining, "Well, I need you to fuck me in the morning.
  I read somewhere that some people can tell if you have had sex that day by
  looking in your eye, the blood vessels are smaller and the eye clearer or something.
  And since then, I try to get laid or masturbate before a big date.  
It would be so much better if you would do me. I can't do you and it'll have
  to be a quickie."  
"That's my Justine, any excuse to get fucked. Yes my mistress, your wish
  is my command. I'll help you dress tomorrow. Every princess needs a handmaiden
  to help her on the way to the ball. I'll give you a quickie just before you
  dress and you can give off those female pheromones that drive men wild." Juliet
  joked.  
The big day had arrived. So much to do and so little time. Things went as
  planned and things went askew. But Juliet was on hand to help and all went
  pretty much to plan.  
Two hours before the guests were to arrive, a great deal had been done. The
  Amazons had brought over the dolcette furniture and Xena assured Justine that
  all the furniture had been triple checked, not just double checked as specified.
  The dolcettes were all good to go. The furniture was moved into position for
  the show to begin. Justine did a quick check, the furniture tested out OK and
  the dolcettes were tranquilized. Xena knew to rouse them with smelling salts
  and give them a drink of the potion, at Justine's command or a half hour before
  8:00 o'clock, dinnertime, should Justine forget.  
The first shipment from the kitchen arrived and the table was set. At 6:30
  the hubbub really started but Justine only focused on her concerns, the centerpiece
  arrived and was positioned in the center of the table. Justine had checked
  on both centerpieces, earlier that afternoon, when both she and Juliet had
  had their final makeup touch ups by the cosmetician. Venus was Venus, the face
  was not as animated as Justine would have liked but the dolcette was alive
  and her condition stabilized so that she would not expire soon, unless something
  drastic happened. Perhaps smelling salts, just as the first guests arrived,
  would help. Justine would tell Xena to take care of it. Justine was glad she
  had decided to pick a dolcette with a more lush body and bigger more maternal
  breasts than the statue.  
Xena was reminded to insert the candles and light them, at her command, once
  all the guests had arrived or dinner was announced.  
The wine stewards arrived. Justine made sure that they knew their responsibilities
  and she was off to be dressed.  
The Marquis met Justine as she returned in her gown and presented his Justine
  with a diamond pendant; even more beautiful than the one she had taken from
  the jewelry vault.  
The Marquis went to put the pendant on and paused, "I was going to put this
  on you but the pearls are right for your gown. Keep this for another time.
  This is my gift to you, not a gift to the Justine. Treasure it always."  
Justine made a final check and briefly talked to Juliet. Juliet looked stunning
  in her dazzling white gown with her hair elegantly piled atop her head and
  a big smile. Juliet assured Justine that the centerpiece dolcette serving platter
  was perfect and only, the last minute, plating of the main entr&eacute;es was
  left to be done. She would check to make sure that Xena didn't screw up. And
  Justine made a mental note that she would be charming and friendly when she
  met the guests.  
Justine had Juliet give her one last look over and left the room so that
  she could make a grand appearance on the arm of the Marquis, once all the guests
  had arrived.  
The Marquis arrived to escort his Justine to his dinner and Justine made
  her grand entrance into the room. Justine was wearing a jet-black silk gown
  with deep V cuts front and back. The gown was full length just ending above
  her black high heel shoes with two long V slits back and front from the floor
  to mid thigh. The dress clung to her feminine curves as if the dress had been
  painted on. Juliet had recommended that Justine pick a dress one size to small,
  so it looked like the dress could barely contain her lush figure and her breasts
  and hips would pop out at any moment. The men would love it and the women would
  hate her.  
The plunging V did reveal an abundance of cleavage and Justine had had the
  seamstresses adjust the V so that the barest line of pink areola showed. Justine
  had stimulated her nipples so that they were engorged and erect. A matching
  small silk jacket, that covered her arms and stopped at the peak of her nipples,
  completed the outfit.  
Justine hair was piled atop her head in soft waves, topped by a small platinum
  tiara, a last minute idea of Juliet's. Justine face was perfectly made up and
  reflected classical, elegant beauty. The pearls and other jewelry complimented
  the gown and Justine looked perfect.  
Justine floated beside the Marquis to meet his guests. The only thing she
  could really remember about the guests was that everyone had such nice clothes
  on. The women were elegant and beautiful, but she expected them to be. They
  were no more beautiful than Alexa or Linda or Lena or even Juliet. Justine
  decided to leave them to their games and only respond if she found a friend,
  like Juliet had been, since their first meeting. And the men, they were just
  like her clients in the Dungeon, in fancy dress. She would look for cues from
  the Marquis as to how to react to them. If there were friends here, they would
  be discovered at a later date. She would play it calm and sophisticated and
  play to all their vanities, both male and female.  
After formal introductions, Juliet step forward and made it obvious that
  she was reporting to Justine and gave her report. No hassles or problems. Justine
  took the opportunity to glance around the room. She made it clear that the
  room was hers and she was in charge.  
Just to emphasize the point she excused herself, to her guests, and did a
  tour with Juliet.  
Juliet did a quick recap of what she knew about the guests. The night before
  Juliet had coached Justine on what to expect and who was likely to attend.
  Juliet's final advice was to remember all the names, no matter what and get
  the names right. If she was unsure of a name during the introductions, it was
  polite to ask that the name be repeated. Under no circumstances should she
  ask the Marquis to remind her of a name.  
Justine made sure to lead Juliet back to the guests where she thanked Juliet
  for making sure everything was in order and wished Juliet a pleasant evening.
  Juliet bowed and departed the room. Justine was solely in charge now.  
Juliet didn't leave, of course, but stayed out of sight and watched proceedings,
  ready to intervene if she had to.  
Justine rang a small bell indicating that the guests could be seated for
  dinner.  
Xena and another Amazon inserted the candle and lite them.  
Justine allowed the Marquis to seat her and began quiet chitchat with the
  man next to her.  
When all were seated, the wine stewards brought out their wine trays and
  served the first drinks. A request for white wine was made and the bottle was
  produced, the cork sniffed and the wine poured. Justine noticed that all the
  men and most of the women watched intently as the bottle was capped and pushed
  into the dolcette's cunt. The bottle was freezing and the dolcette winced at
  the burning sensation in her womanly core and a muted scream could be heard.
  A man ordered red wine and Justine knew it was so the red wine bottle could
  be inserted into the red haired dolcette's vagina. The red wine was chosen
  because the bottle was the widest and, this time, all eyes in the room were
  trained on the cunt of the redheaded dolcette. The wine steward had a great
  deal of difficulty inserting the bottle or at least put on a grand show. Justine
  had told the stewards to ham it up but not in obvious ways, and even she couldn't
  tell how much was real and how much was an act. For the next little while,
  wine was very popular.  
When the steward reached Justine, she ordered a brown cow with extra milk.
  The steward took the cue and the coffee cart became a drinks serving cart.
  The coffee server became a part-time bartender and served Justine's brown cow.
  The server moved the cart around the table so that all the guests could get
  a good look at the dolcette with the enormous boobs and parked near Justine.
  Then he went into to his well-rehearsed procedure.  
He wiped both breasts with a damp towel.  
He tweaked each nipple so that a stream of milk squirted into his transparent
  container.  
He tasted the milk.  
He asked Justine if she cared to choose a breast for her milk.  
Justine chose the left one because it was the closest to the table.  
The server expertly milked the left nipple so that the dolcettes milk filled
  Justine's glass.  
He stirred the drink and served it to Justine.  
He toweled away any drips of milk and toweled the two breasts clean and dry.  
And then moved the cart back to the bar area.  
Everyone at the table casually ordered milk based drinks or asked that cr&egrave;me
  be added to their drinks.  
Justine noticed that quite a few hands were rubbing crotches and one or two
  of the wives were rubbing their thighs together, so Justine took the opportunity
  to rub her thighs together and tinkle. It was barely audible but the two men
  sitting beside her heard something.  
Justine beckoned Xena over and had Xena bend over. "Tinkle the rings", was
  all she whispered and Xena tinkled her rings.  
Appetizers, soup, salad all were served without incident but the wine and
  milk drinks were the most popular orders. After a while, the waiters removed
  the used wine glass and old drinks. Wine glasses were replaced and the drinks
  kept coming  
But every one was getting happy and raunchy drunk. Justine watched the women.
  Occasionally one would accidentally do something that showed a nipple or open
  her legs wide enough to see her underwear or a vaginal slit. Of course, almost
  all the women gave their pussies a furtive rub.  
Justine motioned to Xena and the Amazon left the room, quickly returning
  with two dolcettes on lease. One dolcette was a medium sized brunette with
  a nice trim body and plump breasts. The other was a little blonde with long
  hair and shapely breasts.  
Justine whispered to the Marquis and the Marquis announced, "Our Justine
  has arranged for specially trained dolcette to assist any of you who may require
  relief. The dolcettes will do so, discretely, at the table. You have merely
  to motion the Amazon Captain or ask one of the waiters to let Xena know. If
  you prefer one of the dolcettes please make that known also. The main entr&eacute;e
  will soon be served. Bon Appetite.  
The Marquis motioned to Xena and she brought over the brunette dolcette.
  The dolcette placed a long purple towel over the lap of the Marquis and then
  spread his legs and crawled under the towel. Unseen, she unzipped the trousers
  and licked the head of the Marquis' cock and then put the penis in her mouth
  allowing the Marquis to urinate. This was swallowed. The dolcette sucked and
  licked the cock and then dried the cock with her hair, replaced the penis in
  the trousers and zipped them up. She crawled from under the towel, removed
  the towel from the Marquis and got up, to return to Xena.  
Justine motioned and Xena brought the blonde dolcette over. The procedure
  was repeated. The dolcette covered Justine with a towel, crawled under the
  towel, pulled up Justine's gown, pulled down her panties and placed a large
  funnel over the vagina. The end of the vagina went into the dolcettes mouth
  and Justine peed. Special precautions had been taken with the funnel so that
  there would be no dripping and the flow of urine into the mouth was controlled
  by a valve, in case the woman, urinating, started before the funnel end was
  in the dolcettes mouth. Absorbent towels were used to clean and wipe the pussy
  and the end was signaled by a kiss to the clit. The dolcettes had been trained
  for days and threatened with dire consequences, by Xena, so no accidents occurred
  throughout the evening. The dolcettes had also been told that if the penis
  was erect they should blow it unless the man withdrew it from their mouth.
  If the woman seemed to welcome the stimulation of the kiss to her clit, the
  dolcettes were to continue licking and sucking the pussy for a while.  
All the guests availed themselves of the service and Justine could tell from
  the expressions on the faces of many that they were only to happy to receive
  sexual relief along with the other kind of relief. Also many of the guests
  used the opportunity to flash their genitals.  
When it seemed that there was a lull in the action the Marquis rang a bell
  and the main entr&eacute;es arrived. Venus was supplanted by the beautiful
  dolcette platter. The dolcette was a vision of beauty. A painted porcelain
  doll face over large round fleshy breasts that were stained with milk. The
  mid section was a steamy creamy brown that seemed to be a natural part of body
  surrounded by unmistakable vaginas, engorged in full sexual splendor. The brunette
  dolcette's pussy had exaggerated features surrounding gold vibrators in the
  vagina and anus, which added to the dolcettes eroticism. Long legs spread impossible
  wide, ending in black patent leather spiked pumps, completed Justine's platter.
  'Chef Tyler must be congratulated personally after the dinner.' Justine thought.
  All guests' eyes were transfixed on the beautiful, still obviously alive, brown-haired
  vision of beauty.  
The waiters allowed the guests time to enjoy the masterpiece while they served
  the accompanying side dishes and wine. When the table was set and the side
  dishes in place, the co-host picked up a ladle and served the first helping
  of Dolcette Bourguignon to Justine. The Maitre D' took over serving the Dolcette
  Bourguignon to all the guests and the party enjoyed their dinner.  
The dinner was alive with excitement and fun. Every one was in good spirits
  and enjoying themselves. There was a flood of compliments to the Marquis, to
  the co-host and especially to Justine. Justine let her guard down and got into
  it. She had a few more sips of wine and was merrily chatting to every one about,
  who knows what. But what ever it was, it was funny. The party was getting raunchy
  also. Two of the trophy wives were debating who had the best boobs and flaunting
  their breasts for all to see. One man took off his dinner jacket and in public
  sight, had a dolcette relive him of his piss and his sperm.  
Justine got out of her seat and sensuously, teasingly took off her silk jacket
  and announced she needed to freshen her make up, thrusting her breasts at the
  Marquis in a happy alcohol induced lurch. Justine went to each guest and chatted
  with them for a while, allowing all the men and women to examine her close
  up. For some of the raunchier men, she bent over in good-natured fun, to flash
  some nipple. The second time, her breast plopped out and she hastily pushed
  it back under her dress. When she got to the feuding trophy wives, she coyly
  whispered to them. "Girls your boobs are really nice, but they really don't
  match mine", and burst into laughter. They accompanied her, to redo their make
  up, complimenting her on all her preparations.  
When Justine got back, the dining room was bedlam. The table had been cleared
  and the beautiful dolcette rushed back to the kitchen. She had been ordered
  by a restaurant diner, that seen the platter being delivered to the Marquis'
  house and had negotiated a quick purchase after being apprised of the platter's
  use and availability after the Marquis' party.  
Venus had been restore. Justine looked at the sad face. Venus was still alive
  but visible suffering. Justine would get Xena to drug the dolcette up, again.  
All the men had removed their dinner jackets and everyone was milling around
  checking out the dolcettes as they wished. One guest was milking the milk-maiden,
  aided by the coffee server and was soon sucking a breast. Of course the other
  breast was soon put to use.  
Justine was happy she had another milk-maiden in reserve, for coffee.  
There were a group of men and women around the wine girls watching the stewards
  show how they got the bottles in and a drunken woman picked up the widest bottle
  around and gave her go, at pushing the bottle in, to the encouragement of her
  friends. The dolcette was invisible distress but that was solved when a guest
  got a bottle of brandy and gave dolcette a great big swig.  
One of the trophy wives was dripping wax on the ass of a candle girl and
  then pulled down her own gown and dripped wax on her own big breasts.  
Justine mingled and made sure everyone was enjoying himself or herself.  
Justine was concerned when a man groped Xena. The Amazon look pissed. Then
  Justine noticed the Marquis shaking his finger at Xena and Xena, meekly, allowed
  the drunk full reign over her body. Justine lip-read Xena telling the man, "I
  am your slave." And watched as the man's passion mounted and he mounted Xena.
  The sex was intense and over quickly.  
An older woman came over and congratulated Justine and gave Justine a big
  hug. As the Marquis' friend drew away, she noticed distinct white marks on
  Justine's black silk gown. She considered and tweaked a nipple, yielding milk. "Justine
  breasts are full of milk." The men that had been on the milk-maiden and others
  came over. The crowd urged Justine to show them her milk breasts and when the
  Marquis came over and urged Justine to have some fun and show them her hidden
  talent, Justine popped out a breast and squirted her milk. After more good-humored
  cajoling, Justine agreed to let everyone have a suck on her tits.  
Everyone lined up and had their taste of Justine's woman juice.  
After all the guests had enjoyed Justine's milk, the Marquis' lady friend
  whispered, "My dear that's not your only secret is it? You have been tinkling
  all night, down there. What's down there? Give me a little peak. Justine moved
  to cover and facing the lady and the wall, she lifted her gown to show the
  lady her pussy and the pussy rings. The lady lifted her hand to her mouth and
  went away laughing. Justine saw her tell her husband. It was obvious that the
  word went around, as people pointed to Xena's necklace and giggled with glee.
  When one raunchy man come over and asked to see the rings, Justine pointed
  to Xena's necklace and shrugged her shoulders, as if not knowing what he was
  taking about.  
The Marquis rang his bell and announced coffee and brandy. As the coffee
  cart arrived with a new dolcette milk-maid. Justine was asked to let the milk-maid
  loose so that they could all serve her milk to themselves. Justine explained
  that she would, but they might ruin their clothes with milk squirting everywhere.
  A vote was quickly called, "Who wants the milk-maid loosed so we can milk her
  ourselves or who wants to protect our clothes from milk."  
The vote was unanimous and the dolcette was released. One of the waiters
  was overheard asking a fellow waiter, "Don't most dolcettes lactate? Aren't
  they taught to lactate on the farms?"  
A man tweaked a dolcette's nipple and got a jet of milk. All the dolcettes
  had their tits tweaked and all were found to be wet. All who wanted milk were
  in heaven.  
The party continued apace and turned into an orgy, a polite orgy. No sex
  or unwanted attention was forced on anyone except the dolcettes. And, the dolcettes
  were not abused.  
Justine and the Marquis both kept all their clothes on and did not indulge
  in sex, but they both had a good time. The party was allowed to peter out,
  as guest left for their limos or went to a guest room.  
Justine was going to end the evening in spectacular fashion, in a de Sade
  climax, by having the dolcettes lined up in a row. And then one by one raped
  and strangled by Xena or the other Amazon. The dolcettes would be reminded
  to slump quickly and look dead and the Amazons were to push a knockout pills
  into the dolcettes' vaginas as they penetrated the girls with strap-ons, ensuring
  that the dolcettes did lapse into unconsciousness. But the Marquis' guests
  showed by their behavior, that they were not devotees of de Sade, so that idea
  was dropped in favour of good fun.  
The party was over and The Marquis came over and thanked Justine for putting
  on the diamond pendant he had given her. That was the main reason for Justine's
  visit to the lady's room, not to adjust her make up. The Marquis told Justine
  to leave the mess for his staff to clean up and wished her a good night.  
Justine thanked Xena and all the support staff, individually, and made sure
  that all the dolcettes were taken back to the farm. Except Venus, she would
  be taken to the kitchen to appear on tomorrow's menu in some fashion. But,
  the other dolcettes were fine, some aches and pains that would heal in a day
  or two.  
Juliet rushed in to hug Justine and the two headed to Justine's bedroom to
  unwind.  
Execution of a Political Prisoner    
   
Juliet spent the night in Justine's arms. They were too pooped to make love
  that night but made up for it the next morning. They showered and went downstairs
  for a leisurely breakfast in their favorite location, the atrium. Both had
  fruit and scones and strong coffee.  
Juliet said she had to catch up on the things she had let slide, the past
  week and bid adieu.  
When Justine returned to her suite she found bouquet of white roses beside
  her bed.  
Justine spent the morning relaxing and spent the afternoon tying up loose
  ends and checking on outcome of the evening activities.  
The next morning Juliet called Justine and asked her if she was free for
  lunch. Justine acted surprised and said, "I guess I did something wrong on
  Saturday. I expected you would turn up at my door today, saying, "I am your
  slave. Do with me as you wish."  
Juliet quipped, "Ya you must have screwed up. This time I'm phoning you asking
  you to be my slave. But I'll fill you in, at lunch. Atrium OK. We get employee
  rates there and a poor working girl like me has to watch her pennies."  
The two beauties had a light vegetarian lunch and Juliet explained, "Justine
  I need a favour from you. The Marquis wants me to set up a virgin deflowering
  on Friday night.  
He asked me, to ask you if you will decorate the bed."  
A puzzled Justine eager agreed.  
And Juliet went on, "I think he wants to milk those tits of yours. For that
  matter, I want to milk those tits of yours. You could have told your old pal
  and let her have first dibs."  
Justine explained that in all the hustle and bustle, she just forgot and
  she still wasn't used to the idea of her breasts give milk.  
They discussed the evening and Justine showed Juliet the pendant the Marquis
  had given her.  
"See I told you he would give you something for the dinner. It beautiful
  and it's yours, not the Justine's. He must have told you that."  
When Justine asked what Juliet meant, Juliet replied, "When the Marquis gives
  you something personal and tells you it's yours. It's a gift. If you leave,
  it's yours to take with you. I have never known him to ask for a gift back.
  I have some pieces from my days, expensive pieces, they're my nest egg."  
Justine was the bed decoration at the deflowering. The dolcette was a Eurasian
  girl with oriental grace and charm with big breasts on a slender body. Her
  tight cunt was torn to a bloody mess but Juliet and Justine were able to give
  her an intense orgasm.  
The Marquis did drain Justine's breasts dry although it took three tries.  
Juliet had her hunger sated the next morning and Justine had her first breast
  orgasm but her boobs and tits were sore.  
That afternoon, Justine received a note to join the Marquis for lunch the
  next day.  
Justine kept the appointment in the atrium and the Marquis met her. This
  time he hugged her. Justine winced her boobs were still sore. Congratulations
  were offered and Justine thought the Marquis was genuinely sincere.  
He said her next project would be a trial for her. A government agency had
  asked him to participate in the show execution of a convicted traitor. Since
  public executions were not possible, the officials wanted a show execution
  of torture and terror. The traitor, a woman, was to be terrorized and tortured
  before her final execution. The actual execution would be carried out by a
  government executioner. And, the event would be filmed by a film crew and the
  video of the execution would turn up on the underground market.  
Justine would have to plan a series of five or six executions that would
  be survived but inflict horrible pain and suffering. She would have to assemble
  or have built the props necessary for the project, and everything had to be
  ready in two weeks.  
The Marquis finished by telling Justine that the woman would die regardless
  of what happened, in pain and suffering and; he could curry influence in high
  places, by a successful completion of the project.  
Justine didn't finish her lunch; she had lost her appetite. She considered.
  She would have no Juliet to help her this time. Juliet would freak, if Justine
  told her.  
But ultimately, the Marquis wanted it and she was the Justine. For this project
  she was also de Sade's Justine.  
Justine met with the film crew manager and determined the following. The
  film crew was to keep as low a profile as possible. They had been instructed
  to use telephoto lenses for close ups, mounted on automatic and machine controlled
  cameras to minimize the number of crew involved.  
The filming was to be shot "cinema verity" style so obstructions, hazy shots
  and the like were OK. This was no high definition production but was to look
  like an undercover, clandestine operation.  
There was lots of room for special effects and stunts. There would no revealing
  close-ups.  
The manager looked upon the project as a fantasy with a tragic outcome and
  was receptive to minimizing the suffering of the victim, providing everything
  looked realistic and met his clients' expectations.  
The mutilated body was, really, all the government needed to verify that
  the video was real and that the execution atrocities had occurred. There were
  many rumors that horrible mutilated bodies of executed women had been sent
  to grieving family and colleagues.  
Justine and Clint agreed to meet in a week to discuss how they would proceed.  
After a great deal of research and a lot of thought, Justine came up with
  a list of execution scenarios and the apparatuses she would need to carry out
  the tortures and executions. Surprisingly not much equipment was really required.
  Justine thought that she could create some seemingly horrific scenes that would
  spare the victim a considerable amount of pain and suffering. She used methods
  of execution that historically evoked horror and revulsion.  
Justine contacted Clint early and the two met to discuss Justine's ideas.  
Clint was suitably impressed with the list of torture &ndash; executions.
  He agreed that they historically were seen as some of the most horrific deaths
  one could contemplate, but they were also events that allowed a lot of room
  for fakery and special effects. Moreover Clint was sure that he could justify
  using pre-shot close-ups and special effects to accentuate the horror and terror.  
Clint and Justine agreed that they would ask for permission to have the victim
  available for one or two days, to do test shots and special effects. As a clincher,
  Clint would tell the officials that he wanted to terrorize the woman and get
  close up shots of her reaction, as the unfortunate victim was told her fate.
  Clint would say that the shots could be edited into the final video to look
  like zoomed in shots taken at the actual execution but in the tradition of
  Hollywood, the film crew could keep shooting till they got exactly the horror
  and terror they wanted on the victim's face. Clint would also reassure the
  officials that they would be allowed to attend all the pre-tapings and provide
  their own direction. Justine would approach the Marquis for his support.  
The combined presentation from Clint and the Marquis convinced the officials
  that they should allow the film crew to pre-tape scenes. But the thing that
  impressed everyone the most was Justine's list and descriptions of the torture &ndash; executions.  
Justine and Clint met with Hillary. She was a strikingly beautiful woman
  about thirty-five years old with long brown hair. She had soft features and
  full lush lips. Green eyes, a prominent chin with a little cleft.  
She had been brought in nude and Justine could see that Hillary had a beautiful
  body to match her beautiful face. She was full figured with big breasts that
  sagged a little. Her nipples were dark pink and prominent. Her stomach was
  plump with small rolls of fat. Her ass was wide and her legs toned and supple.
  She was defiant and angry.  
Clint had the cameras rolling as Justine chatted with Hillary.  
Then it was lights &ndash; camera - action.  
Hillary was hung by her hands, so that her toes were off the ground. She
  was read the convictions against her and then with two cameras, close-up, on
  her face, as Justine told her of the trials in store for her. Her defiance
  turned to tears and horror and then pitiful horror as Justine described her
  ordeals in minute detail. At the end Hillary was in terror and crying uncontrollable.
  Justine asked for time to comfort the woman and the officials reluctantly agreed.  
Justine seemed to be berating Hillary and ridiculing her, while whispering, "I'm
  not your enemy and your tormentor. You have nothing to loose by listening to
  me. Keep crying and sobbing. We have to do what I outlined. Your fate was sealed
  a long time ago, but we will try to make it more tolerable. When we torture
  you, scream and yell as if you're in mortal pain. If you don't perform well
  enough, we will have to make you satisfy the bastards, who sent you here. When
  your supposed to die, die, Hollywood style, and you're going to have to die,
  as I said, at the end of each torture. When we revive you, act like you're
  just coming around, totally terrified, or we'll have to terrify you in real
  ways. Just scream and suffer and cry. If you can do that, we might be able
  to make your death a little less horrible."  
"That's it, you stupid whore. You're getting what you deserve. Suffer in
  hell!" Justine said as she gently squeezed Hillary's hand. Then, with a full-handed
  noisy slap to Hillary's ass, Justine turned away. A pained shrill scream told
  Justine that Hillary had gotten the message.  
Everyone rested as the next shot was set up. Justine had convinced the officials
  that she should be allowed to fuck Hillary. Justine's original script had called
  for Hillary to be abused by an Amazon in a manner akin to the pleasuring of
  dolcettes and Justine volunteered to strip and don a mask to fuck Hillary,
  for close up shots. Of course that was a scene no red-blooded man could turn
  down, two beautiful women engaged in hard sex.  
Justine tied Hillary's bound hands to the top of a small padded bench so
  that the beauty was draped over the surface, face up, with her ass resting
  at the lower end. Hillary's feet were tied so the legs were spread apart, leaving
  her cunt spread open.  
Justine got a towel and wiped the shapely body. "OK whore I don't want to
  get any diseases from you.  
I had better scrub your breasts really hard well. I bet they really hurt.  
What does it feel like to have your tits twisted completely around? That's
  right scream. I like a good screamer."  
Justine punched Hillary in her stomach and the woman screamed again and began
  wailing. A second punch drew more screams and pleas for mercy.  
Justine gave Hillary's pussy a very hard massage that drew pained moans and
  crying.  
Next Justine got a whip and flailed at her victim, to screams and more pleas
  of mercy.  
Justine tried to whip Hillary's ass but ended up hitting the side of the
  table. She continued for about five minutes while Hillary wailed and jerked
  with each stroke.  
Time to attack the pussy. "Bitch I'm going lick the skin off your pussy now.
  It'll be so sore you won't be able to sit for a week. Oh yea, you'll be dead
  before a week is up.  
Now I'm going to bite off your clit. You won't be needing it." Justine gently
  licked Hillary's genitalia while the beauty writhed in pain and ecstasy, moaning
  loudly.  
"Has a proper lady like you ever had a Real Woman fuck you with a dildo?  
This one will tear you wide open." Justine said as she found Hillary's G-spot
  and fucked the brunette with the dildo. Hillary came with a loud explosive
  scream and Justine pulled out the dildo and had Hillary lick off her own pussy
  juice.  
Justine whispered, "Good keep it up and you're a wounded animal tonight.
  I'll try to get them to stop for the day but tomorrow will be tough, hang in
  there."  
Justine kissed Hillary passionately. "Didn't you just love a real woman pleasuring
  you?" she said in a loud voice.  
"Let's knock off for the day and let the cunt recover a bit. We want her
  pretty for her big scenes tomorrow. I'd better apply some meds to keep her
  from bruising and looking too bad from my ordeal."  
The next day, Justine had an even easier time. She arrived with two very
  pretty dolcettes: a petite blonde with long straight hair and large breasts
  dominated by pink puffy nipples, and a vivacious tall brunette with her hair
  in two pony tails and a slim athletic body featuring shapely large breasts.  
She told the two officials that the dolcettes were to clean up Hillary between
  scenes and to pleasure the victim, for certain scenes. Hillary was brought
  in and Justine let the dolcettes do their sexy thing. Justine had given the
  two girls strong doses of the potion and on the way over, she told the girls
  to throw themselves at the two officials and suck them off, at every opportunity.
  So after pleasuring Hillary, the dolcettes slinked over to the officials and
  began rubbing their bodies over the two delighted men. The officials were not
  part of a dolcette world where nude females were normal and all the female
  nudity and lesbian sex was definitely making them very horny. The officials
  were more concerned with the dolcettes than their prisoner. Justine apologized
  for the behavior of the dolcettes by saying, "Dolcettes are horny by nature
  and they had to be given something to get them in the mood for the scenes.
  If they become a problem let me know and I'll get someone to control them."  
The men assured Justine that the dolcettes would be no problem and urged
  Justine to get on with her job.  
Justine had free reign, to fill Hillary on what was happening, "I sorry Hillary
  but today will seem like a day of horror. Tomorrow I'll insist that you be
  given drugs so that you can survive the ordeals, so hopefully you will be too
  out of it to suffer, to badly. Make your peace tonight."  
"Today the pain should be less. But today is supposed to be the day of real
  torture so that we can get the close ups of you suffering in torment. Just
  go with the flow and scream and cry like your in hell or we will have no choice
  but to put you into hell. I'll tell you before hand what we're going to do,
  so be an actress and suffer the way those assholes think you should."  
The scenes had been carefully scripted by Clint and Justine and cleared by
  the preoccupied officials. Clint had convinced the men that today would be
  acting, not real torture, if they wanted Hillary to survive and be in minimal
  shape for her execution tomorrow, "Do you just want an unconscious lump of
  meat tomorrow or a woman that can at least walk and talk? You can let us know
  if an effect doesn't look authentic enough or isn't achieving the desired effect.
  Make no mistake the woman will be tortured and tortured severely but she will
  not be seriously injured or visibly damaged, so that she will look good for
  her starring role tomorrow"  
Clint was given free reign to do as he saw fit.  
Hillary came through the trial with more pleasure than pain.  
Justine cleaned Hillary and massaged the sore body with pain reliving salve.
  She gave the brunette a pill to sedate her and advised Hillary to act as if
  she was semiconscious because of the horrible pain that was supposed to have
  been inflicted on her beautiful body.  
The two officials were mellow after a day of blowjobs and cuddling with two
  beautiful girls. Then Justine told them that Hillary was in extreme pain, barely
  able to move, but that Clint's special effects had left her body unscarred
  and looking great. She extolled the talents of Clint and his special effects
  artist. Justine advised the men to take Hillary back to her cell and let the
  woman recover as best she could, overnight.  
The day of horror had arrived; Justine was in a large barren room. She was
  seated on a platform with five men in dark hooded robes. Justine was dressed
  in white flowing robes, with a cloth mask over her eyes. She could see through
  mask but to all else it seemed she was blinded. For this spectacle, Justine
  was Lady Justice.  
The platform was surrounded on three sides by smaller platforms. And through
  the dim light Justine could make out structures on the platforms. In the corner
  was a cell cage with a nude woman hanging by her hands upright but slumped
  over, with her head down.  
A man in leather straps and a black leather mask was strolling between the
  platforms.  
A spot light shone upon the woman and the man in the mask, the executioner,
  went to the cell, opened a door the grabbed the woman's face so that it faced
  the central platform. The woman was beautiful with long dark brown hair and
  a shapely full figure. Her breasts were large and plump with some sag, dominated
  by bright pink nipples. The body was hourglass shaped with a slim waist and
  wide hips. As Justine studied the face she could make that the woman was in
  early mid to late thirties with classic, elegant beauty. The woman was semiconscious.  
The executioner roused the woman by shaking her and pinching her breasts.  
A robed man rose, his deafening voice could to heard saying, "Hillary Rose
  you can been convicted of many crimes against the state and you are here to
  be executed as proscribed by law. Several of your crimes were capitol crimes
  punishable by death. We will execute you six times today. The cheating of the
  grim reaper, in the first five executions, will be made up for by the severity
  of your torment while you undergo the execution processes.  
The first execution will be a relentless assault on your sex until you are
  dead.  
The second execution is by liquid. Your own filth will cleanse filth from
  our society.  
The third execution will be by the time-honoured method of hanging.  
The fourth execution will be by your own weapon. You sought to poison the
  mind of our youth and we will do the same to your body.  
The fifth execution will be by cleansing fire. We will burn the evil out
  of you and prepare you for the fires of hell, that you, so, deserve.  
The final execution will be by crucifixion.  
May our creator have mercy on your soul."  
Justine watched the face of the condemned woman go from defiance to consternation
  and, finally, horror as the executions were announced, ending in a wail of
  anguish and crying interspersed with pleas for mercy.  
The spotlight shone on one middle small platform where a mechanical device
  could be seen. The judge pronounced sentence again. "Your first execution will
  attack your female essence. We have obtained a machine, commonly known as a "stallion" that
  will relentlessly thrust in and out of your womanhood, until you are dead.
  Your great lust and perverted passions for love and family will be your end."  
Hillary was crying and sobbing as the executioner pulled her to the fucking
  machine and strapped her in place. The head of an enormous dildo was placed
  into her vagina, and the machine was set in motion. The thrusts looked violent
  and, of course, were merciless. The beauty screamed in pain for a long time
  then slumped unconscious. Justine could see a pool of blood between the spread
  thighs. The assault continued for one hour. The lights dimmed.  
After about fifteen minutes Hillary was back in the cage, hanging nude by
  her hands. Justine could see blood trickling from the victim's vagina.  
The judge rose again and announced, "Your second execution will be by drowning.
  We have collected the filth from your bladder while you were in jail and you
  will be drowned in it."  
Justine watched Hillary. She screamed in horror as she was dragged, limping
  noticeable, to one of the side platforms. This one had a transparent tub half
  filled with liquid. The smell was distinctive and all in attendance knew what
  the liquid was. A grate was over the top of the tub, with a wheel, to rotate
  the grate, clearly visible. Hillary was clamped to the grate. The executioner
  moved a clear pail over the mouth of the poor woman and at a signal from the
  judge, he pulled Hillary's mouth wide open with one hand, while the other hand
  tipped the pail, so that the liquid ran out into the beauty's mouth. Once the
  pail was empty, the executioner used the wheel to rotate Hillary's head under
  the liquid in the tub. Hillary's shapely body thrashed wildly for what seemed
  an eternity and then stilled. The lights dimmed.  
Hillary was once again hanging nude from the top of the cell, when the lights
  came on. The next execution was announced. "The third execution will be by
  hanging. But to insure that you suffer enough, the executioner will whip your
  swinging body till your journey to hell is complete."  
Hillary look mortified and begged for the mercy of a swift death, as she
  was dragged to the gallows and the nose put around her neck. She was now sobbing
  and crying woefully.  
At the nod of the judge, the hangman tripped the trapdoor and Hillary was
  dancing in mid air. The hangman got a whip, as he walked to the floor, and
  flailed at the beautiful female form. Hillary was dancing and thrashing wildly.
  Her motion stilled and she hung motionless. The hangman continued his assault
  as the light once again dimmed.  
Hillary was hanging in her cell, now with bloody red stripes across her body.  
The next sentence was read, "The fourth execution will be poison. A poison,
  not as vile as the poison you sought to corrupt our society with, but nonetheless
  effective, will be administer to you and we shall be able to see your venomous
  tongue silenced."  
Hillary blanched but seemed numb and reacted little as she was carried to
  the middle platform and attached to a pole, by her hands. She offered no resistance,
  as a glass of liquid was pour down her throat. Almost immediately the poor
  woman began to cough violently and then a green foam spewed from her mouth.
  A few seconds later, the beautiful body was convulsing wildly, arching and
  gyrating about. After what seemed an eternity, the body slumped and hung motionless.
  The lights dimmed.  
When the light focused on the cell, Hillary was in a pile, on the floor of
  the cell. A messy green goo could be seen, with drips of green falling from
  the side of her mouth. Hillary showed no sigh of being alive.  
The next execution was announced, "As was the case in earlier times, witches
  were burned alive at the stake. So it will be today, a modern malefactor will
  be purified by fire.  
A fire proof mask will be put over your face, so that we will not be cheated
  by the smoke suffocating you, before the fire has purified your soul."  
Justine noticed that as the hangman lifted Hillary, the woman, in a daze,
  looked around briefly and slumped. She was taken to one of the side platform
  where a wooden pole stood amid a pile of wood and brush. The executioner tied
  the woman to the pole and then grabbed a breast until the poor woman screamed
  in pain. Hillary was still alive.  
A transparent mask was placed over Hillary's head and the bottom tightened.  
A liquid was poured over Hillary's nude body. At a signal, the executioner
  grabbed at nearby lighted torch and set the wood and brush aflame. All watched
  in wonder as the red flame danced all around. Finally Hillary's body was aflame
  and she was thrashing in pain till her body slumped and was obscured by flames,
  dancing all around her. The light went out, leaving red angry flames.  
This time the spotlight focused on the centre platform and Justine could
  see Hillary hanging on a cross for crucifixion. Her body was a badly charred
  mess but her beautiful face still shone through. Pain was etched into the features.
  Justine looked for signs of life and saw Hillary's blackened mounts rising
  and falling.  
The judge announced the final and last execution, "Though you have suffered.
  Your pain does not match the pain you have tried to inflict upon our society.
  He have allowed you to cheat death five times, but now the grime reaper must
  have his due and your crimes paid for. You will be crucified as the Romans
  did and your life shall be terminated with a red-hot stake burning its way
  into your being. God have mercy on your soul."  
Justine chose not to watch, as the executioner scourged Hillary with thorns
  and beat her.  
Justine thought Hillary must be dead and hoped that was the case. The judge
  allowed the attack to continue for half an hour, then gave a thumbs down cue.
  The executioner got a burning white-hot stake from a nearby forge and drove
  the metal rod into Hillary's anus, pushing hard till the pole emerged from
  Hillary's breast. As a final gesture, the hangman thrust a knife blade into
  the woman's heart and the light went out completely.  
Justine looked away from the TV set, "That was more horrible than I could
  imagine. If Hillary's death had been that graphic, in real live, I doubt I
  could have gotten through it.  
You did some job."  
"Yea those bastards loved the final video but, looking back, we did some
  good, for Hillary, anyway. The executions were a lot less severe and she was
  able to die with her own peace of mind, not broken like in the vid. I'm glad
  we were able to convince those guys that your way was better. That we weren't
  being easy on Hillary, but putting on a show for the masses. Your Marquis really
  came through, convincing them to look at the early stuff we shot and letting
  us explain how we could edit those shots with the actual execution to show
  that Hillary was alive through all but the last execution and suffering in
  extreme torment. I remember him finally asking whether they wanted a private
  show or to make a statement to the public, about the fate awaiting those who
  crossed their paths. That was the clincher. The public will eat it up and the
  authenticity of the video won't be in dispute, when pictures of Hillary's body
  are released.  
But, to those who knew Hillary, her family and comrades, she left a legacy.
  I noticed that she kept pulling her earlobe. Figure skaters on TV, during the
  marks display, used to do that as a way to say hello to their friends and family
  back home. I only noticed after viewing the rushes, a number of times. At first,
  I thought it was just a nervous habit but then I remembered the figure skaters.
  I think she was signaling to them, that in spite of the horrors, she was OK.
  If her friends and family know the sign, they'll spot it easily.  
Also I noticed, on the rushes, that she mouthed, "Carry on the Fight" a number
  of times.  
I left one or two in and covered them with screams and swearing. But I'm
  sure her friends, if they can stomach watching the video, will pick it up.
  Hillary went out a fighter to the end and a courageous woman."  
"Justine your ideas were awesome. There's no way I could have come up with
  them and I would have just done my job and regretted my part. But I can be
  proud of my video and the little part I had in helping a brave woman meet her
  death with dignity and some peace of mind. For that, I thank you."  
Justine blushed bright red and returned the compliments.  
The two parted, content that they had made the most of a horrible deal and
  came away feeling OK.  
The Ten Girl Massacre   
This time the Marquis personally met with Justine the next afternoon. They
  had lunch in the atrium. Justine watched the dolcettes lounging and splashing
  about, having fun like young girls, without a care in the world and wished
  it could last forever, for them.  
The Marquis thanked Justine for her great job, adding that he had been obligated
  to carry out the execution and couldn't have done it without Justine, "Justine
  I was obligated to do the execution, otherwise there is no way I would have
  participated in so immoral an undertaking. The woman was a citizen not a dolcette.
  Her only crime was fighting against injustice. She did not deserve to die in
  such a horrible manner. I'm glad you and Clint could ease her death a little."  
The Marquis handed Justine a jewelry box. Justine found an emerald bracelet
  in the box, "The government paid a bonus for the video, they liked it so much.
  I knew you didn't want the money, so I asked Juliet to pick up something you
  might like. I know you don't want it, but keep it as a memento of a brave woman."  
"Just a word of advice, don't try to find out about Hillary or her group
  and don't even think about cashing in the bracelet and donating the money to
  them. There are watchers everywhere and you'll be in more trouble than I can
  get you out of."  
When Justine got back to the room, she put the jewel box in a back corner
  of her drawer.  
When Juliet asked if she liked the bracelet, Justine asked her lover never
  to mention the bracelet again.  
Two weeks went by. The only excitement was in Juliet's bed. Justine was recharged
  and raring to go. She wished the Marquis would call and then he left a note
  asking Justine to meet him for lunch at the atrium. Another project, Justine
  enthused.  
The Marquis asked how Justine was. When she assured him that she was fine,
  he breathed as sigh of relief and then began his discourse. "I have another
  tough assignment. I left it as long as I could, so that you could fully recover.
  As the "Mission Impossible" instruction goes, "You may choose not to undertake
  this assignment and it will not hurt your standing with us. But you are the
  Justine so you have right of first refusal. Shall I go on?"  
Justine nodded yes.  
"Do you remember the incident with the mad Russian Minski, I think was the
  name, who Justine convinced to kill fifteen girls all at once, while Minski
  sodomized and killed Justine's acolyte."  
Justine nodded.  
"A film company has commissioned the Mansion to make a video of that scene
  with ten dolcette victims. We have done some videos in the past and the scene
  was always one of my favorites, so I agreed. Only dolcettes would be hurt anyway.  
But after the last project, my blood lust has abated, quite a bit. The video
  backers won't let me out of the contract, so I have to go through with it.
  I have hired Clint and his crew for the project with conditions, on his part.
  I normally don't agree to conditions but I thought I owed him. He will participate,
  if you are involved and the minimum number of dolcettes are killed and, or
  injured. If you participate I'm willing to let this Marquis be less, de Sade.  
Hell its good business, anyway. If I can keep some dolcettes alive, they're
  worth more in the kitchen. They want at least half the dolcettes to be gourmet
  prime A-one grade and will pay what the market demands. I got them to agree
  that we get the meat. They said all the dolcettes have to be killed and that
  it has to be clear and evident. They want to be on hand, to make sure. So if
  you and Clint are to save any of the dolcettes, you'll have to convince them
  while they're looking over your shoulders. I'm not sure you can but you, both,
  performed miracles last time, so maybe there's a chance.  
By the way I'm not playing Minski and there won't be an eleventh victim."  
Justine reluctantly agreed and then regretted her decision. This time there
  was no bravado about being the Justine, instead there were doubts: not that
  she would be able to pull the project off but whether she wanted to be the
  Justine. Maybe the Marquis could find a role for her, like that of Juliet.  
Justine immediately called Clint and they arranged to meet the next day.
  Clint had some ideas, since he had been working on the project for a week already.  
Justine listened to his ideas and the two agreed to meet in three days.  
Justine racked her head to come up with ideas. Two or three ideas came to
  mind.  
First according to the book, all the killings were to done simultaneously
  so it would be easy to justify pre-filming events. There was no way the video
  could be shot live. They would sell it as a well-produced film, utilizing editing
  to put together a realistic film  
Also, they could insist that the dolcettes, that were still alive, had to
  be sent to the kitchen immediately, for use as live roasters, spit roaster
  or live parts girls. That may save some dolcettes for a few more days. As an
  incentive, Justine could offer to kick back some of the cost of the dolcettes.  
Justine contemplated. The project would require a great deal of planning
  and consideration over the little time she had to carry out the task. If she
  could pull off this project to the Marquis' satisfaction and her own standards,
  she had no doubt that she would truly be Justine.  
The day of the ten girl massacre had come. The ten dolcettes were led to
  a cage by two Amazons, scantily dressed in meat girl leather corsets that strained
  to hold their big breasts. They wore short meat girl leather skirts and long
  spiked black boots that came up to their lower thighs. One was the blonde Xena
  and the other was a black-haired vixen named Morgana.  
The girls were given a drink of the potion and told to pleasure each other.
  Soon, the cell was a nude body pile of limbs and torsos.  
Justine entered with a man dressed in a hooded robe. She was a vision, with
  shiny blonde hair flowing freely in luscious curves. She wore a simple Greek
  style toga with her right breast bare and matching white high heels. On her
  ankle was a golden anklet and at her waist was a gold chain link belt.  
The man said, "My precious Justine, I have arranged a special spectacle for
  you. I have assembled some of my toys for your entertainment. These ten young
  maidens that have trespassed on my lands will be punished for their transgressions.
  I have machines with which I can cause grievous injury to their bodies. I hope
  that you will find it entertaining."  
"My lord I am grateful that you would go to so much trouble to please me.
  But my blood only boils with passion at the sight of my gender having their
  sexes injured. My lust rises to moans of pain and screams of anguish. And the
  death cries of those of my gender, sends me to the brink of orgasm where only
  the most virile man can bring me to a volcanic climax.  
You are such a man and you have the means to put me into an ecstasy of pleasure
  and delight. I beg you to let me hear the cries that will set my libido free." Justine
  retorted.  
"Of course my dear, you have but to tell me how to proceed." Answered Minski.  
"Let's watched the maidens pleasuring each other for a while and choose what
  fate will befall each beauty." Justine replied.  
The couple watched the writhing mass of female flesh becoming aroused. Legs
  were rubbing crotches, crotches grinded into cunts and tongues and fingers
  probed everywhere. Justine motioned for Xena to come over and she ordered the
  Amazon to bring over two dolcettes. One was a petite raven-haired girl with
  shapely breasts and a plump ass. She was wide-eyed and innocent. The blue eyes
  sparked in mischievousness. The other was a brunette beauty with soft curved
  hair that fell to below her shoulders. Her body was slim but dominated by big
  breasts. Morgana was motioned to bring over a lounger and the dolcettes were
  placed on top and told to fuck each other. Justine watched for a while and
  then directed the action. She had the dolcettes spread their legs wide and
  masturbate themselves to orgasms. Then, she examined each dolcette with her
  hands and her tongue. She weighed the breasts and mentally compared them with
  hers. She tweaked each nipple hard for milk and was rewarded. She tasted the
  warm sweet fluid with glee.  
Justine had the blonde spread her legs and then her cunt, so that Justine
  could examine her female treasures. She ribbed the clit till the girl was moaning
  in lust. Then Justine had the other girl sit on the blonde dolcette's face.
  The brunette rubbed her pussy over the blonde's mouth, till she, too, was moaning.
  Justine allowed the girls to cum.  
She looked at the machines and whispered to Minski, "I want this one's pussy
  mangled and this ones breasts destroyed."  
Minski instructed the Amazons to place the girls in two of the machines.  
Justine commented to Minski, "All this tender young meat has caused my stomach
  to growl. I think it is time to choose my entr&eacute;e for this evening's
  dinner. That last girl had such nice breasts. But, I am sure there must be
  tastier ones, ones that would rival my own." Justine dropped her gown and rubbed
  her big milk breasts. She motioned Xena over and ordered the Amazon to bare
  her breasts and Justine weighted each of Xena's breasts in her hand. "Amazon
  captain go over and find me the plumpest, tenderest breasts. I want ones that
  are both big and esthetically pleasing. If you fail to find breasts more appetizing
  then your own, you must surrender your tasty treats for me to dine on.  
Bring me three choices."  
The Amazons led three pretty girls with big shapely breasts to Justine. Justine
  scanned the frightened faces and her eyes went to a shapely brunette with innocent
  blue eyes and a classic Irish face. The colleen's breasts were medium sized
  but had a nice heft and were full on the bottom, sagging a half inch or so.
  Justine weighted the breast and massaged them gently but firmly; then she licked
  the nipples till the pink buds were full engorged.  
A long hard suck filled Justine's mouth with milk. Justine had found her
  girl meat.  
Justine ordered the other two girls, both cute blondes; one a little pixie
  that had a slim body and breasts that dominated her bosom with brown puffy
  nipples. The other blonde had a shapely medium sized body with plump breasts
  that seemed to beg to be licked and sucked. Justine went and weighted each
  breast in her hand and kissed each one. She sucked each nipple until she got
  milk, which was returned to the girls' mouths. In jest Justine paid the same
  homage to Xena's mammaries. "Ugg. No milk. Xena, my dear, I guess your breasts
  won't do. I like my girl meat flavoured with milk.  
Take this girl to the middle machine and strap her in.  
My lord Minski, I apologize. It was your place to select an entr&eacute;e
  first. These two remaining girls have girl meat I could savor and enjoy, if
  you wish the colleen."  
Minski replied, "My beauty, keep your breast meat. I crave only the choicest
  part of a female. Where all the female sexual treasures lay buried for me to
  enjoy. I will have a cunt steak. But Xena did well. I choose the blonde girl.
  Xena secure her to my chair."  
"Amazon captain we would be remiss, if we did not offer a slice of girl meat,
  our master has such an abundance." Justine went on.  
"I thank my lady and lord but it would be more fitting for a warrior to be
  awarded a prize for an extraordinary feat. May I earn a prize with a feat of
  strength? Let me crush the beautiful breasts of this maiden, let me crush the
  breath and life from her, let me break each and every one of her ribs and then
  let me claim her cunt, as a prize cunt bracelet that I will cut from the still
  warm body."  
Both Justine and Minski nodded assent. The blonde girl screamed and fainted.
  Xena picked the little thing up and carried her to one of the side platforms
  and hung the inert body to a post.  
"Is there a maiden with a face too fair for her body?" Justine asked. Xena
  led a beautiful raven-haired girl will a slim body. The girl had very small
  breasts that were almost taken up by puffy pink nipples. Justine examined the
  girl and rubbed the girl roughly. The blonde beauty finger fucked the small
  slit till the poor girl was crying in pain.  
"An excellent choice. This little maiden shouldn't mind being rid of such
  a disappointing body. I am sure her beauty will be enhanced without this encumbrance."  
"Our next subject should have a good set of milk breasts. See if there is
  one, who breasts swell with her female nourishment."  
The second Amazon brought out a brunette with heavy sagging breasts. She
  was pretty with long brown hair that had an auburn tint. Her face was round
  and plump.  
Justine grabbed the breast hard and jets of milk squirted out. "You chose
  well, Amazon and as a reward you may pleasure this one in any way you wish,
  providing the breasts are untouched."  
The Amazon got out a thick dildo and went to town, torturing the maiden's
  love tunnel with the cudgel. When some blood started dripping, the torture
  ended with the Amazon pushing her fist into the cunt of the screaming girl.
  Justine pointed to the station for the victim.  
"We have but three more maidens to install on their machines. Bring the three
  before us."  
When the three girls were brought out, Justine had a mat put on the floor.
  The girls were told. "Masturbate, pleasure yourselves, entertain us. We have
  three fates remaining.  
Some are more cruel than others. Your performances will help us decide which
  fate shall befall each of you. There is a chance that a less severe fate can
  be survived, that is what you are entertaining us for. But first let me examine
  each of you."  
Justine raked her hands over the beautiful pink bodies inflicting pain where
  it pleased her to do so. The cunts were all violated with huge dildos and the
  clit rubbed raw. The girls were passed to Xena. The Amazon took full advantaged
  of the situation to inflict as much pain and torment on the girls' breasts
  as she could. Xena ended by grizzle bear hugging each girl in prelude to her
  big performance.  
The girls were thrown on the mat and order to pleasure their sore female
  body parts.  
"Rub your cunts."  
"Pinch those tits and twist them."  
"Put a dildo up your ass. It'll go deeper. Push it harder.  
"Spread your legs and lets see those pussies. Spread your vaginas. I want
  them all gaping. Show us your insides or we'll pull them out and get a really
  good look."  
"Keep rubbing."  
The show went on for about fifteen minutes, when a girl collapsed in tears.
  A couple of minutes later a second girl stopped and slumped. The third girl
  was in tears but continued bravely. Justine called an end to the proceedings.  
Justine had the crying brunette brought to her and said, "You are the bravest
  and your reward is that you will be hung by the neck for one hour, if you have
  not died you shall be returned to your room."  
"The red head will be impaled through her ass."  
"The blonde will die from poison."  
"Have them secured to their machines."  
"The Master and I will prepare ourselves for the finale."  
Justine and Minski returned a half hour later. Justine surveyed the room.
  It was large. In the centre of the room, three platforms were arranged like
  sides of a square with a lounging chair along the remaining open side. On each
  platform were maidens, secured in the device that would end the beauties' lives
  in pain and torment.  
Justine led Minski followed by the two Amazons on a tour.  
She went to the platform opposite the lounging chair. This platform was center
  stage.  
Justine went to the middle girl and lifted her face. "This is my entr&eacute;e.
  I will harvest her delicious breasts and then a shoot-gun will blast way her
  useless bosom.  
She moved to the right, "This device will send a spear into the vagina of
  this maiden."  
She moved to the left of her meat girl, "A similar device will end this wretch's
  life with a shaft in the anus.'  
The group moved to the right side platform and Justine proceeded.  
"On the outer devices we will hang our victims. One trapdoor has been rigged
  so that the force of the fall will tear the body from the head.  
The other will strangle the maiden. If the maiden is still alive after all
  the others have died, our Amazon will pull on the legs to snap the neck.  
The middle is reserved for our noble Xena to perform her feat of strength."  
Justine led the group to the last platform and pointed to the maidens. "The
  first maiden will have a gun blast her anus and guts apart sending her into
  eternity."  
"In the middle, the milker will be drowned in her milk. First the milk will
  pour from a pail into her mouth and then her body will be turned on that wheel
  to immerse the whole head into the filled tub."  
"The last little thing will have a dildo of frozen acid and poison thrust
  in and out of her anus by a fucking machine. The friction of the ass fucking
  will melt the acid and poison which will dissolve the maiden's insides. The
  poison should send the little beauty to paradise in waves of painful convulsions."  
"Our Master will take his pleasure of his entr&eacute;e and as he climaxes
  he will plunge a knife through the heart of his sweetheart and then slit her
  throat. This will be the sign for all the machines to be set in motion." Justine
  explained and nodded to the second Amazon. The warrior woman nodded her understanding.
  She would set the devices to work, at Minski's signals.  
Justine walked to the colleen at centre stage middle and cut off the two
  big breasts. She bowed to Minski and said, "At your pleasure, the show may
  begin."  
Minski had his blonde sitting over his pelvis facing outward so that the
  Amazon could see the victim's breasts and throat. The Russian maneuvered the
  girl over his cock and thrust into the blonde cutie's ass. He thrust violently
  for about twenty minutes. The little blonde was screaming, crying and thrashing
  about. Suddenly the point of the knife appeared in the bosom of the girl. Minski
  climaxed with a loud grunt and in an instant tore open his victim's throat.
  He threw the girl off his body and rose, as a shot went off and a chorus of
  death screams filled the air.  
Minski saw that there was a bloody opening in the slumped body of the brunette
  colleen.  
Then he looked to the left and right. Both victims were gyrating and screaming
  as the shafts cut threw their bodies. The shafts had been tipped by broad razor
  sharp spearheads and those spearheads created a mess of blood and gore.  
Justine had focused on the beautiful face of the black-haired girl and watched
  in awe, as the trap door was sprung and the body fell to the floor. She searched
  for a few seconds and then saw the head coming to rest a few feet from the
  body. Justine studied the eyes and saw them blinking, as if I panic.  
Xena was crushing the breasts of her victim. And as Justine watched, the
  girl slumped. The Amazon continued applying pressure to her victim's torso
  until Justine could clearly see that the chest had been crushed in and a flow
  of blood was pouring from the dead girls mouth, but the Amazon kept up her
  relentless attack, sometimes changing the position of her hands and muscular
  arms. Xena would not release the girl until all the other victims were declared
  dead. Then Justine handed Xena a knife so the Amazon could claim her prize.  
The third victim on the stage danced in the air, gasping for air. Justine
  watched as the girl's mouth dripped saliva and her tongue stuck out. Soon the
  other Amazon would be called upon to snap the girl's neck  
Justine looked to the third stage. A maiden lay almost split in two with
  a gaping mid torso of blood and guts. Justine could see that the girl was still
  alive, in shock.  
The anal fucking machine was thrusting violently and forcefully; Justine
  watched the girl's mouth and soon saw a murky vile looking green foam start
  to come out.  
Justine took a quick glance at the transparent tub and saw that the big boobed
  girl had her head in the milky liquid and was thrashing about  
The thrashing and convulsions of the poisoned cuties drew Justine's attention
  once again and Justine watched intently as the body went still for the last
  time.  
She checked on the tub and saw that the big breasts had also been stilled.  
Justine glanced around the room. The spears had broken skin and the two victims
  were still. Justine guessed, from the amount of blood that had pooled that
  the pretties had died of hemorrhaging.  
She caught the second Amazon applying force to the hanging girl's head She
  heard the neck snap, as the girl died.  
Justine went to Minski and saw that he held his cunt steak. The two kissed.  
As the lights went out the Marquis came up to Justine and said, "You are
  truly my Justine." He kissed her hand and turned and left.  
Months later, Justine viewed the video and let her mind drift back to the
  earlier events. She remembered how she was trying to think up methods of sparing
  the dolcettes, when it finally hit her. The victims were dolcettes. Dolcettes
  were meat girls. They were all going to die in a few weeks anyway. She was
  the Justine and Justine would have no problem staging an event like the "Ten
  Girl Massacre". In the book, it was Justine who begged for a fifteen girl massacre
  that also cost Justine her pretty young acolyte. The dungeon sociopath emerged
  from Juliet's thrall and took reign again.  
Justine had Clint fired and the film crew was happy to take direction from
  Justine.  
Justine had no trouble convincing the Marquis to put on real "Ten Girl Massacre" that
  left no question that all the girls had been murdered, in the very fashions
  depicted. She had used culled farm dolcettes and some imported European free-range
  dolcettes that had been rejected by the kitchen. The dolcettes had been tarted
  up to look like premium grade livestock and sold to the movie backers as such.  
When the final movie was complete, there were no complaints.  
Justine and Juliet grew apart. Justine never regretted not seeing Juliet
  again.  
Justine was truly the Justine and her reign of terror for the dolcettes had
  begun.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DolSade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





