BDSM Library - Humilation




Humilation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How a shy slave is humilate by her Master.Humilation 
Awakening to having my wrists tied to the head board. Not being able to utter
  a word as Master had place a cock gag in her mouth for the night. A spread
  bar between this girls knees keeping her fully exposed for her Masters pleasure. 
Master rolls over whispering in the sluts ear, morning My lil whore. Slowly
  caressing his sluts nipples then begins pinching and pulling them, making her
  nipples hard. Suddenly Master stops and gets off the bed. As girl watches him
  cross the room to the dresser. Master turns back around with a camera in hand.
  Walking back to the bed looking down at his slut bound. I've decided to keep
  a scrap book for you my lil slut to show to all that care to look. Master starts
  snapping pictures. Repositioning this slut slightly and adding a big dildo
  in my wet cunt, then snapping a few more like that. This girls face was a bright
  shade of red with each picture taken of her in such a position. 
After finally being released girl is made to kneel before her Master, with
  her mouth open wide. Master placing his cock in her mouth as he starts to piss.
  Working hard to swallow all that Master is giving to her. All the while Master
  is holding her hair in his hands, telling her what a good lil cunt she is,
  drinking all of his piss. 
Once finished she is to crawl to the bathroom so she may relieve herself.
  Sitting on the toilet Master bends down pushes girls thighs further apart and
  slides his hand between her legs. Pushing a finger between her cunt lips so
  he can rub her clit as she starts to pee. Master looking into her eyes as he
  rubs then fingers her cunt while she is pee'ing. feeling the humiliation already
  starting her day off. 
This girl is then told she must get the shower ready for her Master to take
  a shower. She is expected to wash her Master. Once the water is just right
  girl calls out to her Master that it is ready and asks if he would please come
  and join his in the shower. Holding the shower curtain open for her Master
  as he steps in. Master steps under the warm water as girl gets her hands all
  soaped up and begins to wash him . Slowly taking care to get every inch of
  her Masters body clean. When Master is all clean girl must get out and get
  a warm towel, letting her Master know that the towel is ready he steps out
  of the shower, allowing the girl to dry him completely. Now that Master is
  completely dry girl is allowed to get back into the shower and clean herself
  and shave her cunt. Before being allowed to turn the shower off girl must be
  inspected by Master to make sure her cunt is bald, when that is done she may
  turn the shower off and dry herself. 
When the girl is dry Master clicks her leash to her rings on her cunt lips,
  leading her to the kitchen. The girl is required to make her Master breakfast
  to start the day off. When breakfast is finally cooked and served girl is expected
  to crawl under the table and suck her Masters cock until either he cums or
  he is finished eating. Master not wanting to finish all of his breakfast his
  tells his girl to stop sucking his cock. The girl is then to let his cock slip
  from her lips and she is to crawl out from under the table and kneel by his
  side as Master takes his cock in hand and slowly jerks off until he is ready
  to cum. When Master is ready to cum he squirts his cum all over the remaining
  food on the plate, being sure that the food has a nice coating of his cum on
  it. Master then place the plate on the floor for his lil pet to eat. Leaning
  forward, lowers down and eats her breakfast as a dog would eat. 
More humiliation as the girl then looks at her Master when finished with food
  all over her face. Master now cleans her face of all the food and cum that
  may be there. 
The girl is order to clean up the kitchen as well as the rest of the house
  as there is company coming today. 
His slave begins cleaning trying to be sure the house is clean for Masters
  company. Just as the girl is finished with the house work there is a knock
  on the door. Master calls to his girl to go and answer the door. His girl looks
  to him and asks if she may cover herself before answering the door of course
  she knows that it won't be allowed as she is to stay naked completely unless
  going out with her Master. Trying to cover herself with the door as she answers
  it. At the door is a beautiful woman. She is asked to come in and girl shows
  her to her Master. 
Master orders the slut to get a coffee for his company. The girl hurry's off
  to the kitchen making a fresh pot of coffee and a tray for the company. When
  everything is ready girl brings it into the living room. Master snaps his fingers
  wanting girl by his side, with her legs spread shoulder width apart her hands
  on her head. Her face reddening as Master knows that this girl is very shy
  and embarrassment is very easily done to his girl. As the girl is exposed Master
  slips a hand between her thighs and begins rubbing her clit as he talks to
  the woman. The slut began squirming because of the humiliation and excitement.
  All of a sudden girl feels a slap to her cunt bring her attention back to her
  Master as well as tears. Looks to the woman and see's a big smile on her face
  as she watches Masters hand on this girls clit, seeing that my cunt is starting
  to leak. The woman asks if she may play with the slut. To girls surprise Master
  agrees and commands girl to her side so she may play with the slut as well. 
The Mistress decides she wants to finger my cunt then rub my clit just to
  watch me squirm. Mistress looks up and asks if girl has ever been with another
  woman before. Before answering girl lowers her eyes, cheeks go a deeper red
  then whispers no Ms girl has never been with another woman before. Mistress
  just smiles. 
On your knees before me then slut it is time for an education on licking and
  sucking a clit. Once girl was on her knees, Mistress had already lifted her
  skirt and spread her thighs, showing this girl that she was wearing no panties.
  Mistress looks down to me and tells girl to lean forward and flick her tongue
  between her pussy lips, right onto her clit. With hesitation girl did as she
  was told. Pulling back after she licked Mistress clit. Mistress grabs a handful
  of hair not letting my face move away from her cunt. Look girl you are going
  to lick and suck my pussy until you make me cum. Do I make myself clear you
  lil cunt licking bitch, Mistress says. Nervously leans forward once feeling
  Masters hand gently placed on this girls back letting her know that it is ok
  and he is here with and for his lil one. 
Listens to all that Mistress instructs girl to do to her pussy. Licking from
  the slit up to her clit then slowly sucking her clit right into my mouth. Hearing
  Mistress moan makes girl a bit more eager to lick and suck her pussy. Curling
  her tongue and pushing it inside of Mistress's pussy trying to taste more of
  her juices. Suddenly feeling a hand on her ass, caressing it as girl is licking
  and tongue fucking Mistress. Knows Master is behind girl as my ass cheeks are
  spread and a finger is slowly pushed into my ass. Knowing that girls ass is
  tight Master begins finger fucking my ass making girl lick on Mistress's pussy
  harder and faster, hoping that Mistress would cum quicker before Master can
  fuck girls ass. Master knows that his girls ass has not been broke in as of
  yet and guess figures this would be the best time to break it in. Feeling Master
  pulling his finger out of girls ass, girl feels relieved but it is short lived.
  Master begins to rub his hard cock up and down this ones slit making the head
  wet with her juices. Sliding the head up to girls puckered hole Master takes
  a hold of girls hips and slowly starts to push his cock into her asshole. Mistress
  feeling girl trying to pull away holds my head in place on her pussy. Quietly
  trying to make girl more relaxed with her calming voice. Master pushing more
  and more of his hard cock into girls asshole. Lick me girl and suck me girl,
  Mistress tells me. Wanting nothing more then to pull away from the hard cock
  pushing it's way into my ass, but knowing that this is Masters wishes, his
  pleasure to have his slaves ass. 
Hearing Masters soothing voice telling girl it will be fine just relax the
  worst part is almost over. Masters cock buried deep in my ass now he starts
  a slow but rhythmic motion in and out of my tight, tender asshole. Mistress
  is squirming as girl continues to lick her pussy, her juices flowing covering
  my face. This girls ass muscles trying to push his hard cock out of her ass
  but is spurring Master on further by making milking his cock. Masters cock
  starts to swell in my ass as he is ready to cum. Mistress holding tighter to
  girls head as she is ready to explode all over girls face. Feeling such mixed
  feelings as Mistress cums on girls face and Master cumming hard in my ass.
  As each finish they release girl to collapse onto the floor between them. 
Master pushes a dildo up girls ass using his cum as a enima. Master looks
  down to his girl and tells her that she is to stay plugged for awhile now until
  she stretches and gets use to having a cock in her ass. Mistress looks down
  to this girl smiles and softly chuckles as my face is coated with her juices. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  docsbabykunt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





