BDSM Library - Seagull




Seagull
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman meets her on-line dom in a special way, and gets a surprise in return.Seagull

 I sat on my bed, and thought back to how this all began. Roger was stuck
  dating a real bitch of a woman. I think Ilene was her name. Roger and I really
  hit it off and the sex was incredible! Nothing close to what he was getting
  at home with what&rsquo;s her name. He dumped Ilene, and starting going out
  with me. After some prodding, he proposed marriage, and I happily accepted.
  Life was wonderful.

  One day, out of nowhere, Roger accused me of cheating on him. I hadn&rsquo;t
  been seeing anybody at all! Why would I? But, just as quickly as it began,
  it was over. He spread rumors to all of our friends that I was a slut, but
  within 2 weeks, Roger had a new girlfriend to &ldquo;console him on his loss&rdquo;.
  I was devastated.

  I went from having a fianc&eacute; and being on top of the world to being bored,
  and lonely. After a few failed attempts to woo guys locally, I checked out
  the internet scene. Months went by with only many failed attempts. Everyone
  seemed so shallow. They wanted to know my measurements before they even asked
  me my name, if they asked that at all. Finally, I found my match. I got wonderfully
  hot and heavy through Instant Messenger with a local guy, who called himself &ldquo;Seagull&rdquo;.
  He seemed to enjoy getting me into thrilling self-bondage positions, and writing
  text to tease me for hours. I loved it. He was single, and I really wanted
  to get to know him so much better. I finally managed to convince him to meet.
  Of course, it would be on his terms. His demands were that:

  
    1) I would mail him a copy of my house key to his post office box.
    2) I would
      tie myself up in my house. 
    3) The bondage must include a blindfold.
    4) I am to videotape myself as I tie
    myself up.
    5) I would be judged on creativity, humiliation, and degree of helplessness. 


  If I do well, a relationship might start. If I do poorly, I will not hear from
  him again. This was definitely something I wouldn&rsquo;t want to do half-way.
  I was committed to do it as far as I could go.

  I broke out of my reverie. This was the night that he&rsquo;ll finally be here;
  I would finally meet Seagull. I&rsquo;d bought a video recorder and tripod
  but felt in the long run it would be worth it. I got up and started taping.

  The first step was wardrobe. Trying to do a strip-tease for the camera, I stripped
  off everything except the white satin bra that I wore that day. I put on a
  necklace that held two key as charms, slipped on some white stockings, connected
  them to a garter belt, and fastened that on too. I put on some 6 inch &ldquo;fuck
  me&rdquo; heels, and I was set. I could barely walk in them, but in heels like
  that, walking was never the point. 

  I did my makeup to look as slutty as possible &ndash; overdone eyeshadow, and
  bright red lipstick. 

  I took an old salad bowl made out of clear plastic, and cut a middle slice
  out of it, forming a crude saddle. I attached it to a pole I cut down from
  my porch umbrella. It has a push-button that can fit into one of a few different
  holes to change the height.

  I took out the vibrator and butt-plug that I bought just last night. I showed
  them off to the camera, and tried to be seductive in un-wrapping them and popping
  in the batteries. Squeezing some KY onto my hands, I grasped the vibrator,
  and slowly pumped up and down as if it was a real penis. I wanted to really
  show off for the camera, I envisioned Seagull watching this, and judging my
  performance. I wanted him to get hard and excited, so I acted the part as much
  as I could before I dropped the tip to move it home. I teased it in a bit at
  a time, but didn&rsquo;t turn it on yet. I plugged the re-charger right into
  it, and wound the cord to the nearest outlet. It could run continually &ndash; no
  dead batteries on this one!

  The next step was the butt-plug. I looked at it, and immediately had second
  thoughts. The package said &ldquo;medium&rdquo;, but it looked huge! There
  was no time to back out now, so I took a deep breath and smiled for the camera.
  I lubed it up as much as I could, making sure to get lube all over it, as much
  for the sluttiness for Seagull as for my own comfort. Once again, I teased
  it in &ndash; a little bit in, half as much out. A little bit in, half as much
  out. I grunted with the effort. It felt like the largest turd I&rsquo;d ever
  laid was stuck up my butt, but I finally got it in! 

  I carefully mounted the saddle. For comfort, I stuck in a clear inflated bag
  I had gotten as packing material somewhere. With my feet on the flat base of
  the umbrella stand, I lifted the saddle up as high as I could. I had to let
  out a groan as I finally got it into place &ndash; my weight was shoving that
  plug up my butt further than I thought possible! My heels barely touched the
  base, and with these heels, I couldn&rsquo;t rise up on my tip-toes to escape.
  I lifted up my left ankle, and used ankle cuffs to secure them to the pole.
  I did the same thing for my right ankle. I could now lift my legs up and down,
  but sure couldn&rsquo;t walk anywhere. I was secured to the pole, and my own
  weight kept it from tipping. The key was on my necklace, and soon I wouldn&rsquo;t
  be able to reach it.

  I took out my lipstick, and using it like a marker, wrote &ldquo;I AM A SLUT&rdquo; in
  big block letters over my stomach. I could always use more &ldquo;humiliation&rdquo; points
  with wonderful Seagull.

  I made sure everything else was within reach, and then put on the blindfold.
  It was rubber, form fitting, and worked extremely well. Even near the bridge
  of my nose, I couldn&rsquo;t see a thing.

  My hands went searching for the gag-harness. I found it, and put it on. I inflated
  the gag only part-way; enough to keep my mouth open by about two inches. I
  disconnected the bulb, and tossed it away; the gag would stay inflated until
  I got it back. 

  A strap went from the gag around the back of my head to the other side. Another
  strap went cheek to cheek, going under my chin. I cinched that one down tightly
  so that my mouth was only open about one inch. I hoped that would please Seagull.
  Additional straps went from my cheeks, meeting over the bridge of my nose,
  going over the blindfold, forming one strap that went over my head to the strap
  at the back of my head. I had a cap for the inflation nozzle that was shaped
  into a dildo, so I screwed that on for added humiliation. 

  I felt around for the rope that dangled down from the I-bolt above me. I tied
  that to the D-ring at the top of the gag-harness, and pulled it so it held
  my head securely upwards. It even took more weight off of my feet. If Seagull
  would judge me on helplessness, I did not want to be found lacking. I had tested
  it before &ndash; it would hold my weight, and I couldn&rsquo;t bend over the
  slightest bit.

  I turned the vibrator onto &ldquo;low&rdquo;. I hoped that would not put me
  over the edge before he showed up, but I wanted to look desperate.

  The last step was to lock my arms. I put leather cuffs around my wrists. I
  had already installed additional I-bolts in the walls. I grabbed the chains
  that dangled from each one. I carefully attached them to my cuffs with padlocks.
  This held my wrists out to the sides, about a foot away from my waist. I couldn&rsquo;t
  reach a thing. As the locks clicked shut, I knew the keys were on my necklace.
  I couldn&rsquo;t bend over, I couldn&rsquo;t reach up. I could only wait for
  Seagull.

  Time passed. Would he show up? Your mind plays tricks on you when you&rsquo;re
  in situations like this. The vibrator stimulating my private parts was also
  flooding my body with hormones, tormenting me more as the minutes went by.
  If he didn&rsquo;t show up, I was going to die a horrible death by dehydration.
  More time passed. Was it just twenty minutes, or had it been an hour or two?
  I had no choice but to wait.

  Just then, I heard a car pull up. Footsteps, and then the front door opened.
  I heard him saunter slowly around my body, bound for his inspection. I felt
  totally self-conscious, and aware of my helpless position, my future based
  on his whim. I thrust my boobs out a bit to make them look fuller. I sucked
  in the bit of a belly I had, regretting enjoying too much chocolate. The vibrator
  had me hot and bothered. I knew I was wet. Did it show? Was he standing a few
  feet away, or was he crouched, his eyes but inches from the vibrator, happily
  humming away? Staring at my boobs, or happily gazing on my face? I had no idea,
  and realized I also had no say in the matter. 

  When he had taken the slow full tour, Seagull muttered &ldquo;Oh my my my.
  And even a butt-plug and dildo!&rdquo; I hoped he meant that in a good way.
  I pictured him smiling at his willing captive, but all I saw was dark rubber.
  He took off my gag, and asked me a question I didn&rsquo;t expect. 

&ldquo;Where is your personal address book? The one with addresses of friends?&rdquo;

&ldquo;In the kitchen next to the phone.&rdquo; I was wondering why he would
ask that, but I was clearly in no position to argue.

&ldquo;And what&rsquo;s your computer password?&rdquo;

&ldquo;It&rsquo;s Seagull&rdquo;. Why was he asking these questions?

  He laughed. &ldquo;Using my name for a password. How nice.&rdquo; He slipped
  the gag back in, and inflated it, even tighter than I had. As he walked off,
  I hoped he wasn&rsquo;t upset. This evening was clearly not going as my fantasies
  had blown it up to be. A few minutes went by. I know time seems to slow down
  in cases like this. I expected to be praised, teased, and ravished by now.
  His voice sounded familiar somehow, but I couldn&rsquo;t place it. Was it someone
  I knew from work? It is so hard without the visual clues. 

  I heard Seagull coming down the stairs from the computer room, verbally ticking
  items off of his mental &ldquo;to do&rdquo; list. He said &ldquo;I have the
  address book. I&rsquo;ve sent myself a copy of your e-mail address book. I
  have the videotape. I still have your house key. That leaves just one more
  thing.&rdquo; He peeled away the blindfold from one eye.

  I screamed into the gag, and tried to struggle. It was no use. Before me was
  Roger. He was grinning from ear to ear. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve wanted to do this
  for SO long.&rdquo; He let the blindfold snap back into place. He reached down,
  and jacked up the saddle pole by a notch, lifting me up in the air by the twin
  invaders that I was sitting on, and really making my arms taut. My muffled
  screams of protest were to no avail. He grabbed the gag-harness rope and cinched
  that one up as far as it would go as well, having me dangle a bit from my head.

  Roger laughed. &ldquo;This is going to be SO much fun! I&rsquo;m going to ruin
  your life and prove to everyone that you are the slut I told them about! Everyone
  you know will get pictures by e-mail, then the whole videotape in the mail!
  Just think &ndash; your boss, your co-workers, your parents and friends will
  have a wonderful gift from you!&rdquo; I could only squirm and whimper into
  my gag as he laughed, walked out the door and drove off.

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bracemaiden


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





