BDSM Library - Long Weekend




Long Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One woman's present to her husband.Long Weekend 
by Zeferage 
(Comments are welcomed.) 
(I wrote this story for another web site last year entitled Catsuit Seduction. 
I have since rewritten parts of the story. Hopefully for the better.)
 Weeks of waiting were finally over. Today, at long last, the Post Office
  delivered my highly anticipated order, whose shipping box now laying in my
  trembling hands. The box was plainly wrapped and held no indication to the
  true value of the contents within. I could barely contain the growing excitement
  within as I eagerly signed for it, knowing full well what lay inside. Quickly
  closing the door, I turned and skipped across the living room into the kitchen
  to obtain a pair of scissors. Setting the package on the kitchen table, I quickly,
  and very carefully, cut through the packaging tape. Opening the box, my eyes
  beheld the most beautiful attire of my erotic desire. 
 Neatly folded within the box laid my shinny new, light blue, latex catsuit.
  Carefully, I lifted and unfolded my precious garment from its resting place,
  pushing the box off to the side. Staring at the hypnotizing shine reflecting
  from the sleek latex, as my fingers held up the suit, gave rise to a sudden,
  exhilarating rush of adrenalin causing a bit of lightheadedness, forcing me
  to sit down. While the dizziness slowly passed, I remained rooted on the edge
  of my seat while my eyes never drifted from my new possession, 
 Once the dizziness abated, I stood up and spread the suit over top the table,
  tingles of excitement pulsated up my arms and through my body as my quivering
  fingers tenderly caressed the smooth latex. I had almost believed this suit
  of rubber would be stiff and inflexible not thinking that the advertisement
  could be true. Luckily, for myself, I took a chance and bought the catsuit.
  Never before have I owned such an outfit, not even in my wildest dreams. 
 I had explored the web, looking for something different to surprise my husband
  with for his birthday and after coming across the web page containing this
  catsuit did such thoughts occur. I had loved the way the suit shapely formed
  to the model's figure and the glistening shine of light reflecting off the
  suit. After many minutes of staring, I thought to myself how much better this
  catsuit looks in person verses a web page, as my eyes continued to be captivated
  by the dazzling spectacle before me, 
 Longing for a more sensual feel, my normally bashful personality took a back
  seat to strong sexual feelings sweeping through my acutely aroused body. Quickly,
  I peeled off my clothing, discarding them to where ever they fell. Picking
  up my new suit, I wrapped my arms around and rapturously rubbed the soft latex
  garment over my now nude body. Feeling its comfortable, pliable latex caressing
  my sensitive skin, as well as smelling its sweet aroma, was intoxicating. I
  stood there for several minutes lost in lustful fantasies, enjoying the soft
  fondling of the rubbery catsuit. 
 My captivated daydreaming broke only when the clock in the living room struck
  four. Shaking my head back to reality, I had planned on waiting until John's
  birthday to present myself as a present but I knew slipping into this bewitching
  outfit could no longer wait! Thinking to myself, ' To hell with it, I'll
  just give him his present early!'  as I came to my decision. I phoned
  John at work to make sure he would be home on time, telling him his sexy slave
  would be waiting for him with something special. 
 I met John several years ago, I was single and he was going through a nasty
  divorce. We quickly became friends and our personal relationship slowly developed
  until that fateful day. You see, I love bondage but was afraid to tell John
  fearing he would think of me as some kind of freak. So feeling alone, as I
  had moved away from my close friends to take a job, I would practice self-bondage
  and it was during one of these episodes John had walked in and found me naked
  and helplessly bound. Once my secret had been exposed, John confessed that
  he to had a secret passion for bondage. With our secret revealed, our budding
  relationship blossomed and we never looked back, as it brought us to levels
  of love and respect we never thought possible, even after our marriage. 
 Hanging the phone up, I quickly wrote a special happy birthday love note
  to him. Slipping the catsuit over my shoulder and grapping the bottle of powder
  still inside the box, I rushed upstairs to get ready. Talking on the phone
  and walking through the house naked, in the middle of the day, is not something
  my normally bashful self would willingly do. But being drunk with lustful passion
  I did not care, not to mention what this little provocation did to further
  stimulate my arousal. 
 Rushing into our bedroom, I laid the catsuit on the bed and reached for a
  large towel to cover the carpeted floor with. Standing on the towel, I opened
  the bottle of baby powder and applied a generous amount over my body, letting
  the excess fall onto the towel. My skin was nearly white by the time I finished
  and like a kid in a candy shop, strong tingling sensations were rushing through
  my body heightening my sexual feelings, almost causing my lightheadedness to
  return in full force. 
 Flipping the suit over, I unzipped the zipper down the length of its front
  and through the crotch. Lifting and holding the suit in front of me, I slid
  my right leg in first. About three-quarters of my leg slid freely in until
  the snugness of the garment caused me to pull, with a little force, until my
  leg and foot fit snuggly within their sheath. I proceeded with my left leg
  until it too was encased in latex. My wiggling toes felt erotically strange
  and sexually exciting within their cocoon of latex. Straightening my body,
  I brought the shoulders of the suit up to my shoulders and slid my left arm
  through the sleeve, then the right, with a bit of pulling as well. 
 With my body all but encased in latex, only my head, hands and chest remained
  uncovered, my tingling sensation changed to a more powerful, sexual enjoyment,
  pulsating through my veins. My stiff nipples rubbed against the latex, causing
  a moan of pleasure to escape from my lips. Trying to brush aside my sexual
  excitement, I quickly reached for and started zipping the garment closed. Feeling
  each tooth as it was zipped together by the steadily moving zipper sent shivers
  of intense rapture running over and through my body. The latex catsuit lit
  a fire within me that I never felt before. I felt like throwing myself onto
  the bed and pleasuring myself right then and there. But I knew I had to forgo
  my wants for the time being, the small amount of ecstasy now would be nothing
  compared to the ground shattering orgasm I would experience later at the hands
  of my master. 
 So with much mental effort, I continued zipping the catsuit shut. Until with
  one last pull, the zipper reached its end and I tucked the zipper beneath its
  fold of latex. Staring at my reflection from a full length mirror in the corner
  of my bedroom, I could tell that the catsuit conformed to my body like a second
  skin. A skin comfortably pressing my body from all angles, each curve of my
  athletically trim body was well defined, from my breasts and arms to my thighs
  and calves. 
 A second skin, that while snug, did not restrict my movements, they seemed
  smooth and without effort as I walked around the bedroom. Every movement brought
  fresh, exciting sounds of soft rustling rubber to my ears. My feet felt like
  they where pressing on small squishy cushions. The gentile but steady pressure
  upon my breasts felt astonishingly wonderful. Looking down, I could see my
  swollen nipples pushing against the latex, creating small bumps in the middle
  of my breasts. 
 My caressing hands glided effortlessly over my latex covered body. The feeling
  my fingers felt as they past over the smooth latex, created unmistakable sexual
  urges, sensations I never quit felt before. The latex was creating its own
  fetish response within me. My hands slid up my abdomen, until each hand cupped
  one of my breasts, my fingers encircling their respective nipple and squeezed
  softly, enticing another soft, but more desperate, moan to escape from my lips.
  Slowly dropping my head back and closing my eyes, I inhaled deeply the savory
  smalls of latex as my hands and fingers squeezed again. I could feel my groin
  area moisten from wanting desire, as my hips slowly gyrated trying to create
  their own pleasure. 
 Unwillingly but purposely, I drove my thoughts away from my approaching orgasm.
  I knew master John would be home shortly and would be very angry if I masturbated
  just before his arrival. But never in my life have I felt more aroused than
  right now, and without bondage! My passion has always been towards bondage
  and never would I have imagined becoming this aroused without it. 
 John's passion is to continually tease and torment my bound body, steadily
  marching me towards an earth shattering orgasm. Those were and are very blissful
  times in my life. Afterwards, I would somehow, while still bound, return the
  favor to him, to this end he is my slave as I am his. 
 Just thinking of being bound and dominated is enough to get me incredibly
  horny, but the actual bonding process is rapturous, withering within my bonds,
  unable to free myself, is euphoric. But now with the added pleasure of my latex
  catsuit, my enthusiasm went throw the roof! The electrifying provocations plundered
  my rational thoughts, creating a strong sexual urge threatening to overwhelm
  me. So incredible were my sexual desires, and rebuilt in a very short moment,
  that it was only by Herculean effort that I managed to control myself. 
 Regaining control of my emotions, my thoughts turned towards how I should
  tie myself to be enchantingly irresistible and at the same time openly available
  for his pleasuring, I came up with a simple solution. 
 We've collected many bondage items during our lives, ranging from simple
  wrist/ankle cuffs and blindfolds, to a complicated harness, all used with great
  pleasure. I've tied myself many times over the years, with this same equipment,
  for self gratification and at other times to surprise Mike. Our hub chest is
  full of bondage gear, from this I take out a three foot spreader bar, four
  lockable wrist/ankle cuffs with three locks which use the same key, and a blue
  ball gag, almost the same color as my new catsuit. 
 Giggling to myself, I hurried downstairs to the freezer to retrieve the frozen
  key to the locks. The key, a safety precaution in case something should happen,
  is in the middle of a small block of ice to assure I could not escape until
  it melts in about four-five hours at room temperature, or shorter if I tortured
  myself by cupping the ice with my hands. Grapping the key, I hurried upstairs
  to complete my self imposed captivity. 
 In the middle of our bedroom, we have a concealed hook in the ceiling to
  which, after obtaining a chair to reach the hook, I hung a three foot chain.
  Attaching an end of a long string leading from the frozen key, previously threaded
  through the key end before freezing, to the chain so I could pull the key to
  me when needed. After stepping down, I placed the frozen key on top of a towel,
  on the floor, off to the side. 
 Sitting on the chair, I apply my ankle cuffs, locking each ankle to its respective
  end of the spreader bar, trapping my ankles three feet apart until unlocked.
  Inserting and buckling the ball gag in place, I tried a few 'mmmphs' just for
  fun, feeling more shivers of excitement run down my spine to my loins. Last,
  I apply my wrist cuffs. Standing up and moving the chair best I could, out
  of the way, I reach my hands up to the chain, which is just the right height,
  and threading the last lock through the D-rings of the cuffs and the last link
  of the chain, latching it closed. 
 The audible click which followed went straight to my loins. Knowing I was
  trapped like this for at least an hour sent my sexual cravings into overdrive.
  All I could do was moan and wither in my bondage, as my clit was now throbbing
  from want of attention. My nipples pressed against the rubber, tormenting me
  further as the pressure was not enough to satisfy my sexual craving. Deeply
  inhaling and thrusting my chest forward only increased my rapturous desire
  for my nipples and boobs to be squeezed and played with. 
 Struggling within my captivity, I notice something else was happening, my
  body was becoming very warm. A comforting, tranquilizing, type of warmth, encompassing
  my whole body. I didn't understand this new sensation at first, but after a
  few moments of thought I realized I was encased in a rubber suit, of course!
  I never thought about this before. The fresh, new sensation of the built-up
  of heat, heightened my sexual, euphoric feelings coursing through my bound
  and struggling body, to a level previously unimaginable! 
 I thought I loved self bondage before, but nothing compared to this! The
  need for an orgasm was overwhelming, as I directed what little movement I had
  towards this goal. I no longer cared who thought about what, I needed an orgasm
  and I needed it NOW! All my thoughts and energies were directed towards this
  one goal. but the suit moved with my hips and did not apply enough pressure
  to the right location, with nothing to rub my body against all of my struggling
  became fruitless. 
 Helplessly bound and withering in sexual frustration, I quickly lost myself
  within my fantasies of being an abducted princess, being sexually tortured
  to supply information. My captors refusing to be merciful to my passionate
  pleas. Instead, my pleading eyes only embolden their efforts at protracting
  the information they want. 
 So real were the feelings of my dreams, I lost track of time and failed to
  notice the presence of my 'would-be rescuer.' A noise shocked me out of my
  reverence and I opened my startled eyes to see John standing in front of me,
  with his heart warming, Tom Cruise like, grin on his face, examining my situation
  and outfit. The noise was his coat being thrown onto the bed. 
 . "Very nice.... Very beautiful," said John, walking around and examining
  my bound, latex covered form, from all sides. He ignored my puppy-dog eyes
  and seductive whimpering, as I tried to bring his attention from viewing me
  to playing with me! 
 Finally, after walking around me several times, John finally stepped next
  to me. His strong but soft hands stroked my sensually tender body, from my
  cheeks and shoulders to my hips and thighs with an occasional squeeze of one
  of my breasts. The lack of direct skin contact, instead of being less exciting,
  added another fevered dimension to my arousal. Each squeeze brought squeals
  of sexual excitement, as his soft caressing hands brought murmurs of pleasure
  from around my gag. 
 He just stood there continuing to stir my over heated sex into an infatuated
  frenzy. My body uncontrollably squirmed with each touch, begging for more. "Stop
  trying to beg me with those puppy eyes," he whispered. "If you are my present,
  I can play with you as I see fit." ' You bastard' I moaned as I tried
  to wiggle closer to him. 
 "I bet this outfit cost a pretty penny," John said not as a question but
  a statement, as his one hand pinched my swollen nipple and his other hand slipped
  between my legs. 
 Closing my eyes, tilting my head back slightly and whimpering through my
  gag, I tried to lean my body closer to his, wanting more, while I nodded my
  head. 
 Smacking my butt with enough force to sting, but not painful, "That's for
  spending our money without my permission," he whispered into my ear. Many more
  smacks followed, landing squarely on my latex covered cheeks, alternating left
  then right. 
 The feeling of being spanked through latex was exquisite, the sound even
  sexier. But what was happening to me was closer to heaven! Bound hand and foot,
  gagged, covered in a sheath of latex had put me into an extremely high erotic
  state. Now mingle this with being spanked, my nipples being pinched, and now
  the warmth emanating from my rear pushing into my loins, combined to put me
  in a deliriously euphoric state. 
 I could no longer cater to my rational self. I caved into my infatuation
  and tried with all my might to ripe apart my bonds and throw myself on top
  of my husband, I needed him NOW! But the cuffs held and all I could do was
  whimper and wither in my bondage as I closed my eyes to be lost to the moment. 
 John held the plateau of my deliriously euphoric state for quit some time.
  How long I could only guess but ever so slowly it ebbed when John's stimulation
  abruptly stopped. My frantic struggles slowed to a halt, all I could do was
  to hang from my wrists as my lungs worked overtime to rejuvenate my tired body.
  My mind finally registered the fact that John was no longer standing next to
  me. Wondering why he stopped and where he went to, I opened my eyes, and as
  if I was looking through a fog bank, I could barely see him stooping over our
  hub chest looking for something. When he found what he wanted, he stood up
  and walked slowly back to me with several items I could not identify, as I
  could not wipe my glistening eyes. 
 Standing next to me, John must of noticed my cloudy eyes and reached up to
  wipe my eyes with a tissue. I attempted to say thank you, through a couple
  of 'MMphs.' Understanding what I wanted to say, John said "Your welcomed," and
  continued on with what he had planned. Encircling my waist with rope, he knotted
  the rope in front, by my belly button. Next, John tied the base of a vibrator
  there as well, so the vibrator would hang down, with the tip hanging nearly
  on top of my sex and switched the vibrator on, low. 
 My whimpering took on new, distressed meaning as my ebbing sex drive quickly
  did a 180, and rocketed back to where it had been. The vibrations radiating
  through the suit were maddening. I squirmed, as if a puppet on strings, to
  its buzzing, gyrating and thrusting my hips upwards to their limits of mobility. 
 "Does my poor slave need to cum?" 
 Swiftly nodding my head in agreement, whimpering a 'yes' through the gag. 
 " I think you deserve a little more punishment for buying such a seductive
  and expensive outfit," John said in a low baritone voice, with a mischief grin
  on his face. I knew he was enjoying both the view and my torment. Reaching
  up he untied and took my release key, then returning his voice to normal, "I'm
  hungry, its been a long day at work and we have a long weekend ahead of us." 
 ' What do you mean long? It's only Thursday!' I attempted to say,
  but through the gag all that came out was a series of "mmmph?". 
 But my puzzled expression turned to an horrified pleading look as John continued, "By
  the way, I took Friday off. I'll see you in a hour or so." 
 My shaking head, wide pleading eyes and begging whimpers where to no avail
  as I watched him walk away. My body vigorously squirmed within the tight confines
  of my bondage, trying to make contact with the tormenting instrument of my
  sexual frustration. Moans of lust resonated throughout the room, as I knew
  this would indeed be a very long, but joyful, weekend! 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zeferage


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





