BDSM Library - Assault on Nikki




Assault on Nikki
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nikki is a teen slut who wants to be raped and used. She gets that a quite a bit more and Jim and Dave use and abuse her.
Chapter 1.

The garage was hot and the smell of oil and machinery hung in the air and only a
slight breeze entered to cool them off.  Dave and Jim had been highschool
buddies, attended trade school together, and now they had their own shop. It was
pretty nice there in the mountains of North Carolina, two young men with few
dreams, they just liked working on cars, drinking beer and looking at girls. 
Well they liked to do more than look now-and-then too!

They had opened the shop in the fall, leasing it for a song from the owner, old
man Parsons. They had gotten some transmission business in the winter, spring
had been quiet, mostly working on starters, and wheel alignements.  And now that
the summer was heating up, they would get some over-heated engines and brake
work on the weekends as folks came up from Charlotte or Winston-Salem and really
did not know how to drive on the weekends.

And then their weekly treat walked into the garage, sucking on a freeze pop. 
She was no more than 14 and had that tight little compact body with perky boobs. 
Her name was Nikki and she had her bleach blonde hair pulled back in a pony tail
that came down past her tube-top, but not all the way down the tight demin
cut-offs she always wore.  Nikki had been strolling in every week since
mid-spring and she was flirty as hell.  Sure the two men in the shop were sweaty
and oil-stained.  But they were muscled 24 year-olds with good tans and strong
smiles too.  What Nikki didn't know is that over the last week the two men had
discussed and then planned her capture, torture and rape.

"Hello boys,  working hard?"  And she stared at the front of Jims jeans and
giggled. Then she worked that red freeze pop in and out of her lips, acting like
it was some icy prick.  "It's sooo hot out there, do you mind if I borrow some
shade?  And she pulled the bottom of her tube top away from her body and
fluttered it to get a little breeze over her hot little titties.

Jim replied.  "Actually, its been awful quiet these last couple days, we were
just about to close down."  He turned and winked at Dave who had already turned
the open/closed sign around and was pulling down the shades in the office. "Sure
we don't get much business in the summer, so we were going to knock off and have
a little fun."

Nikki did not realize her situation or her danger, has she leaned back against
the workbench, her long tanned legs flexing in the gloomy shop.  "Oh, you boys
just can't leave now." She pouted. "I just got here, don't you wanta talk with
me.  Maybe have a little fun?" She grinned, thinking, 'I just love teasing these
guys. I love getting them all worked up with hard pricks bulging in their pants. 
Getting them all frustrated just trips my little trigger!'  And she sqeezed her
legs tight working that hard denim cloth into her pussy crack a litte. "Just
'cause I'm 14 doesn't mean we can't have just a little fun does it?"  and then
she shoved the freeze pop deep into her mouth, and a little red dribble worked
down from the edge of her lip to her chin.

Dave replied this time. "Sure darlin', fourteen and never been kissed I
suppose."  And he pulled down the garage door in the first bay and locked it.

Walking over the second and last door, he said.  "Well, your sure gonna get more
than kissed today.  And he slammed the door down locking it in place with one
smooth movement.

Jim laughed when he saw the first flicker of fear cross Nikki's face.  It was
quickly replace by the usual haughty pout but it made him laugh, and made him
hard too.  "Don't worry little one, we can still go out the front door." 

"You boys don't frighten me." said Nikki, with only a trace of uncertainness. 
"Probably time for me to be heading on out anyway."  She skipped towards the
office and the front door, as Dave and Jim quietly followed.  She got to the
door which was locked with a dead bolt and her heart skipped a beat.  She felt
Daves hand, his suddenly hard grip on her arm as he easily pulled her back from
the door.

"Come on now Nikki, stay and have a little fun, ..., we insist." A surge went
through her young body, was this it?  Was all the flirting and teasing about to
get her raped?  Her eyes glazed slightly as the enormous reality of it hit her. 
These two studs were going to use her, and maybe roughly.  Finally, the thing
she had been hoping for ever since she was 11 years old was about to happen. She
was going to get raped!


Chapter 2.

Dave pulled her hard and shoved her back into the garage bay as Jim laughed a
mean laugh. Her freeze pop flew out of her hand skidding across the gritty floor
before coming to rest against an air compressor. "Come on little Nikki, we got
some toys for you to play with."

"Please, don't hurt me, let me go, please."  She begged, she said the words with
feeling, she had rehearsed them in her head a thousand times.  "This isn't
funny, let me go now and I won't tell anyone." 

Dave slapped her roughly across the face, hard, but not hard enough to bruise. 
That was just what she wanted. Tears came down her face and the same time she
nearly wet her pants from excitement. "What are you going to do to me?  Are you
gonna ... rape me?"

Dave laughed, "All in good time.  First let's see those goodies." and he hooked
his fingers into the top of her tube top and roughly yanked it down to her
waist. Two more tugs and it was over her slim hips and around her ankles.

She shrieked and covered her breasts, and Dave slapped her face again, hard and
then harder.  She raised her hands over her face and was shocked when Dave
directed two more hard slaps to her pert young titties. Then he grabbed her
nipples pinching and twisting as she tried to pull away.  Groaning half in pain
and half in sexual delirium she stepped forward.

Jim was behind her in a minute pulling her arms behind her and tying them
quickly in that position. Dave took the opportunity to slap her titties a few
more times.  Meanwhile Jim shoved his hand down the front of her denim shorts
and into her panties. His rough hands quickly found her tight but thoroughly wet
snatch, and he was pleased to find that it was completely shaven.  "This little
slut needs some fucking." He laughed. "She's wet as a swamp and look at this!"
Then he yanked down her shorts and panties exposing her slippery wet cunny.

The shorts fell down to her knees and caught there and she was naked from head
to knee.  She was crying from humiliation and sexual excitement and her virgin
clitty poked its head out from between her lips. Davids rough dirty hand dipped
down and squeezed it between finger and thumb.  Nikki gasped.  "Oh my slutty
little girl, we are going to fuck you good." said Dave.

Jim immediately jammed his thick thumb up to the knuckle in her ass hole, then
started working it in. "Shit Dave, this girl has a tight ass hole, and it's
pretty dry too, we need to lube her up.  He pulled his thumb out of her and
stabbed it into a tub of grease used for bearings. Then he rammed it up her anus
again this time getting all the way up her tight little ass.  "A few minutes of
this and she'll be ready for something bigger!"

Dave leered and said, "I'm gonna pop her cherry!" And he reached over and pulled
a rachet wrench from a toolbox. It was 12 inches long and made of chrome steel,
but it was still rusty from years of hard work. The handle was knurled in a
cross hatch pattern and was about 3/4 of an inch thick.

Jim rushed around front and said I want to see this.  He picked Nikki up and sat
her on the work bench, and various nuts and bolts and metal shavings dug into
her tender skin. Her shorts fell to the ground forgotton, all she had left were
her thick slutty sandles.  Jim forced her onto her back and then folded her legs
over her front.  Her shaven pussy glistened and gaped open slightly as Dave
readied the tool to assault her virgin cunt.


Nikki thought 'this is all wrong, I want a cock!'  and she pleaded, "No not the
wrench, please, just fuck me. Please!?"


Chapter 3.

Dave rammed the handle of the wrench into Nikki's exposed snatch, driving it in
9 inches on the first thrust.  Nikki screamed in agony as the hard, cold rough
tool ripped into her virgin cunt and tore her hymen to shreds.  The cold steel
was jammed agianst her cervix as her body shuddered.  Her eyes glazed over and
she stared into space.  Jim started taking polaroid pictures and laughing. "Ha
Ha, this little cunt has just been torqued!"  Dave levered the handle up and
down inside her cunt like a jack handle. 

Dave said, "Watch this, I'll get her back down to earth."  Then he roughly
yanked the bloodied handle out of Nikki's cunt and then twisted it into her ass
hole.  "Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!" She sceamed. She twisted her body to get away from the
assaulting tool but they were too strong. She only succeeded in getting the nuts
and bolts and various metal bits to dig more deeply into her back.

Leaving the wrench buried deeply in her rectum, Dave started unbuckling his belt
and then his jeans. Then he positioned his 8 inch cock in front of her pussy and
drove it in to the hilt. "Ahh man, this is great, she's wet as hell." He then
began banging her as hard as he could, plunging in and out of her pussy.  Jim
watched the action for a minute and noticed that Nikki's face was flushed and
her nipples erect. She was digging every minute of this.  Jim unlimbered his
cock and walked around the bench.  Twisting her neck to the side he drove his
pole into her open mouth.  Her eyes looked both pouty but lusty at the same
time. 

Nikki was in heaven. She was torn inside and out and loving it. Two huge cocks
were working her over, and the wrench handle provided a nice counter point.  She
had never seen a cock two minutes ago, and now she had all three holes full to
bursting.  She was rapidly nearing the edge of a powerful orgasm when Jim
started twisting her nipples.  Her body tensed as the first wave of orgasm hit
her, and three more right behind the first.  Dave and Jim were laughing at her
and then they both unleashed healthy loads of cum into her body.  She sucked the
sperm out of Jim, while her hips pistoned to get the last out of Dave at the
same time.

Jim pulled out first and went to the fridge to grab a coke.  He grabbed another
for Dave and underhanded it to him.  Dave thumped the top of the can as his
rapidly deflating cock slid out of Nikki's abused cunt.  then he popped the top
and sucked it down. "Man that tastes good after a hot fuck."

Nikki moaned and rolled onto her side.  She thought. "Okay they're done with me,
all I have to do is promise not to tell anyone, and then that they can do me
again next week, they should let me go then."   Bits of metal on her ass and
back fell back to the bench making an occasional tinkling sound. Nikki tried to
sit up, but the wrench was still stuck in her ass though not as deeply as
before.  She squeezed and wiggled until it popped out and fell to the floor with
a loud clunk.

"What the fuck?" Said Jim, he strode over to Nikki and picked up the wrench.
Then he reversed it and said "Bad girl!" Dipping the thick 1.5 inch head of the
wrench into the grease tub he had used for his thumb earlier he spoke. "You
didn't ask to get the wrench out, now it goes back in head first." And he
crammed it back into her tight little ass head first.

"EEEEEEEEE! EEEEEEEEE!" Nikki screamed.  "Your gonna kill me that way! Eeeee."
and then she dissolved into a heavy deep sobbing cry.

Jim replied. "If you are a good girl, you will get out of this garage alive. Are
you gonna be good?"  And he twisted the wrench inside her ass hole.

"Eeeee! Yes! I'll be good! I promise whatever you say."




Chapter 4.

Jim rammed the wrench up into her asshole a bit deeper. "Roll onto your knees
girl!" He commanded and Nikki obeyed. Jim wiped some of the sharp metal bits off
of her back, not for her comfort but because it spoiled the view for him. He
pushed her face down onto the top of the bench reaching beneath her to tweak her
nipples.

Dave was back behind her again and he gave the wrench another vicious shove so
that the wrench was 9" deep into her ass hole.  Nikki started sobbing again. And
Dave spoke up. "She's crying cause there's nothing in her pussy."  He opened a
bottle of coke and shook it up covering the top with his thumb.  "This'll clean
the sperm out of her." Then he jammed the bottle into her pussy. 

Nikki shuddered as the cold syrupy fluid loaded up her gut.  Dave kept forcing
the bottle deeper cruelly stretching her pussy.  Then he released and the coke
squirted out of her.  "Hahhahahha. Old Faithful."  He grabbed one of the cleaner
shop towels and dried off her pussy. 

Jim was back around the front. "She likes her nipples pinched. She does she
does." He joked, then he pulled her head up to show her a rusty pair of pliers.
"I think I'll pinch them with these."  Suddenly Dave jerked the wrench out of
her unready ass.

"EEEEEEEEE!  Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhmmmmmmmmm..."

Jim pushed her all the way up so she was kneeling on the counter.  Then he
grabbed her left tit and lodged the pliers into the soft skin around her nipple.
"Maybe I'll pull this sucker off."  The the pliers bit down into her flesh. 
Then Jim pulled and twisted her nipple. It was like fire and ice, twisting and
pulling. 

And just when it couldn't get any worse Dave started working over her right
breast. It was many minutes before they had enough of that, and then it was time
to fuck her again.

Chapter 5.

Nikki couldn't think about anything but her tits. They were raw and sore from
the twisting pinching and pulling the two men had done. Her young breasts bore
the marks of pliers, the skin was mauled especially around her nipples and there
were bruises rising in at least half a dozen places.

Jim used a knife to slice the cord around her wrists and her arms fell numbly to
her sides. Then a shove from behind sent her into Daves arms and he carried her
to the back of the garage where there was a crude shower.  He stood her up in
the shower and then grabbed another hank of rope, he secured her hands together
in front of her body and tossed the end over a rafter, then he pulled until she
was about a half a foot off the floor of the shower stall.

Nikki was still thinking about her tits and how wonderful they felt all bruised
and aching. She barely noticed that Dave and Jim were stripping there clothes
off as she stared off into space.  Daves rough hands on her tits squeezing them
and then tugging on the whole breast brought her back around.

"Oh, please, they are so sore.  Let them go please."  But she truly hoped he
would keep man-handling them. Her clit poked out obscenely.  Jim noticed it and
chuckled he moved around behind her, reaching between her slick thighs he
tweaked her clitty and she squirmed like a snake.  "Oooooohhhh, please ... Fuck
me please.  Please fuck me, I'll be a good girl if you just fuck me!"

Both Dave and Jim laughed and Jim slid his big dick back and forth between her
ass cheeks.  Nikki jerked around on her ropes trying to twist around and get
that big meaty member into her cunt.  Dave reached over and turned on the water
steamy at hot, then he twisted the girl around so that the hot water hit her
right on her abused and sore tits.  She gasped then gasped again as Dave began
scrubbing her body with the harsh shop soap.  Of course he focused on her tits
and cunny.  Jim asked for the bar and lathered up her ass, then he lifted her
body a bit and slid her down ass first onto his thick prick.

Nikki groaned and tossed her head side to side. His cock was only 5 inches deep
but it felt like heaven after that gnarly wrench head.  Suddenly Dave was
banging the head of his dick against her soapy cunt.  Nikki spasmed and wrapped
her legs around Daves body drawing him in tight against her horny little frame. 
Dave bent his knees and drove back into her cunt.  She opened her mouth in a
perfect O as waves of orgasms began wracking her body. 

Dave grinned and tried to pump into her pussy while Jim was pulling out. "We can
pump her for a while, that first cum is always too fast."  Jim agreed and
continued plowing her virgin ass hole.  The argued for a bit about which side
was tighter and eventually decided to switch.  They both agreed it was her ass
that was a bit tighter.

Finally Dave spewed his load up her ass.  Then stepped back into the spray of
the shower to wash himself off. Jim finished up a few minutes later, dousing her
innards with another load of cum.

Dave cut her down and then sliced the ropes off her wrists.  He let her lie
there a couple of minutes, then shut off the water.  Jim was already dried off
and putting on his jeans.

Dave dried himself off, listening to Nikki's occasional sobs and the drip of the
faucett.  He watched as Jim tossed a handful of clean rags onto Nikki. "Dry off
ya little cunt."  Then he used his bare foot to kick her in the hip, not too
hard, just a nudge to get her moving. 

Nikki laid still another second, she was pretty sure she wouldn't cum again. She
got onto her knees and rubbed her wrists, then grabbed some rags and carefully
dried off her titties and sore pussy and ass. Then the rest of her body.  She
made sure to hold all of the cum she could inside of her though, she wanted that
trophy.  When she was dry she saw Dave and Jim smoking and leering at her.

She came on her hands and knees over to them.  And kissed each of them on their
jeans just above the cuffs.

"You like getting hurt, don't you little pussy?" asked Jim.

"Yes." she said, looking down at the ground. 

"Turn around." He said. "Stay on your knees and keep them together, put your
face down on the floor."  She did as instructed spreading her ass lewdly in
front of her two rapists.  Grinning Jim stubbed out his cigaret on her anus. 
Nikki jerked but held her position, then Dave stubbed his smoke out just below
her anus. "Now get up and go back into the shop, get your clothes then come back
here and put them on where we can see you.

Nikki hurried to obey the man, and in a few minutes was dressed in the same
clothes she had come in.  Tube top, tight cut-off jeans, and sandles.  They had
not let her keep her panties though.

"Okay you little slut." Said Dave, "Get the fuck out of here. If we see you
again in your little slut attire at our garage we are going to rape you again,
and we will really be rough. Do you understand?"  She nodded her head.

Then they let her out the front door, it was late afternoon, and the road was
still deserted. She started walking home, grunting and twinging every step, her
tits were raw, and her ass was burned, and her pussy was still throbbing.  Cum
seeped out of her ass, and her cunt, and trickled down the inside of her left
thigh.  She thought, 'Totally Awesome!  I suppose it will take me about a week
to heal. Then I will come back for another serious fucking!!!"

She smiled and limped down the lonely country road.




Chapter 6.

Nikki got home without being notice by anyone. The trailer was quiet, her mom
Nancy had not gotten home yet.  She stripped down to nothing and started a load
of laundry before going to look at herself in the mirror. 

Her slim body was covered with bruises, mostly her tits, but she had a swollen
lip.  Turning she saw about a dozen bruises on her back and ass.  Spreading her
cheeks she saw cum still dripping out of her cigarette burned ass.  Half a dozen
bruises on her legs, including two clearly man sized hand prints on her calfs. 
"That just won't do." She chuckled quietly.

She dove into the shower, scrubbing herself good. Her breasts were very tender
with hard purple bruises and welts raised all over them. She tenderly dried off
noting how nice her shaven vulva looked with the additional color of bruises
added.  Then she but on a long soft cotton house dress that covered her upper
arms and down to her ankles.  Then she set about cleaning the house. Her mom
would be so happy that she would let her sleep. In a couple days she supposed
the worst of the bruises would go down, and she could cover most the exposed
ones with cosmetics.

Hell, her mom payed hardly any attention to her at all now a days except to
bitch at her.  She would get by with this too.

...

Two weeks later everyone in town was commenting on how Nikki had turned around.
She was polite, respectful, even quiet. She dressed conservatively, and she had
stopped teasing, she even started going to church. So when her Mom left for work
on a rainy day, Nikki watched her leave and then raced to the shower, no
bruises!  She shaved off the little fuzz growing down there, and selected her
sluttiest little white shorts over see through panties, she grabbed a cut off
tee-shirt that did not quite hide the undersides of her titties, then she tied
up her hair into a pony tail.  White and pink running shoes with tiny socks
completed the ensemble. Then she put on her raincoat and headed for Jim and
Daves garage.

Chapter 7.

"Hello boys she drawled." Stepping from the office door, (where she had left the
raincoat).  Jim who had been working on a tire looked up from his work. 

"Hey Dave, look who's back!"

Dave slid out from under a car on his mechanics sled. and looked over at the
teenager.  "Told ya she'd be back."

Jim walked over to the office and locked the front door, changing the sign to
'Closed'.  "Get those fucking shorts off, cunt."

Nikki's eyes gleamed while Dave's and Jim's eyes bored into her as she unsnapped
and zipped down the tight white shorts. She pulled them off of her swelling hips
and her body flushed in humiliation and sexual excitement.  They made her hold
her arms out and turn around slowly. "Take off those panties." Said Dave.

She complied, pulling them off her silky flesh and over her shoes, just as she
had practiced at home.  Her clitty throbbed pink and swollen and peaked from
between her shaven pussy lips, glistening wetly.  She stood with her legs about
two feet apart and tossed her panties to Dave.  Dave caught them and hooked onto
the tool rack against the wall.

Dazed, she wondered if they would use more of the shop tools on her?  Would they
burn her ass hole again? How many times would they rape her?  Then Dave told her
"Show us your titties."  She pulled off her top so the two men could begin
hurting her breasts.

Dave approached her and then grabbed her breasts, squeezing them hard he lifted
until her toes were off the ground and she was moaning.  He sat her back down on
the ground and viciously slapped her tits back and forth.  After he had worked
them over pretty good, Jim approached and attached two rusty alligator clips to
her nipples.  The jaws were rusty but still sharp and they bit into her tender
throbbing nipples.  Then Jim tugged on them setting the teeth deeper into her
nipples.  Nikki let out an involuntary squeak that set the two men laughing.

"Do we fuck her first and then play, or the other way around." Asked Jim.

"Fuck her first.  Then play, then fuck her again." Said Dave. "On your knees
girl."

Nikki got onto her knees as the men unlimbered their flies.  Jim moved behind
her and shoved her roughly to her hands and knees, then slammed his cock roughly
into her slobbering pussy. He grabbed her hips and began shoving his pole as
deeply as he could every stroke.

Seconds lated Dave had entered her willing mouth. He too rammed as much as he
could into her.  It was like they were trying to meet in the middle.  Dave had
one hand on her head, as the other attempted to get at her young breasts.  When
he did get a handle on them, he squeezed them hard and made them work inside the
alligator clips.

Nikki would have sobbed, but she was lucky to get a breat every 30 seconds or
so. Jim's cock felt better, but Dave's was more humiliating and painful. So she
was very happy at both ends.  Suddenly Dave grabbed her head with both hands and
shoved his thick prick all the way down her throat and then he unloaded a load
of sperm into her digestive tract.  He kept his prick deep in her throat until
she passed out from lack of oxygen.


Chapter 8.

When she woke up she was still on the floor on her face, and somebody was raping
her pussy from behind.  It felt wonderful.  And then she heard Jim's voice. "Hey
I think she woke up!  Give me a minute to finish here and then you can start
working on her."  She felt the cock ram deeper into her belly a couple of times.
She realized that she was pretty much flat on the filthy garage floor at this
point.  Suddenly she felt hot cum boiling into her vagina and there was so much
that it squirted out the sides, covering her labia in thick goo.

Sadly the big cock that had delivered the load was soon removed from her cunny.
Then she started crying. She lay on the floor shivering for a minute before she
felt four large rough hands haul her 89 pound body into the air and put her on a
work bench.

Seconds later two large canvas straps were in place one over her upper chest,
the other over her lower stomach.  Then she was locked securely in place, and
Jim tied her hands above her head.

Dave got out two pairs of channel locks and fastened them to her cunt lips. Then
taking them in each hand he began stretching her cunt lips apart.  As soon as he
had them spread well apart.  Jim slid his hand between her thighs and began
thumping her clitty as hard as he could. Every time his thick fingernail smacked
it she grunted and moaned.  Finally Dave decided the clitty needed some
pressure, and the moved the channel lock pliers over to her slippery nubbin,

Just a little pressure, and Nikki squealed, kicking her legs involuntarily. Dave
released the pressure and then set the pliers down on the bench. Then he grabbed
her left leg and pulled it over her body and up over her head, where he strapped
it in place.  Jim pulled the other leg up and strapped it. Now she was flat on
her back with her feet strapped 4 feet apart and above her shoulders. Her pussy
and asshole were now completely exposed for the men and their next assault.

Jim spoke next, "I got an idea.  Get something to pry her asshole open with." 
Dave grabbed some tire irons and brought them over to the bench. The first one
slid easily into her ass about 4 inches.  It took them a couple of minutes to
work the second in, the tip kept catching on the rim of her anus. The third
entered between the first too, and the 4th went in nicely between those, but
Nikki's ass hole was now painfully stretched.  "Now grab me a piece of pipe."

"How thick? How long?" Responded Dave.  "Will this do?"  He held up a 6" length
of pipe, about 2" in diameter.

"Perfect" said Jim.  Dave tossed Jim the length of pipe. "Now we work this up
into her ass.  Jim forced the piece of pipe between the tire irons levering
Nikkis young asshole wide open. Jim shoved and forced the pipe closer to Nikki.
She shrieked as she felt the walls of her ass being pried apart by the tire
irons. "Shove something in her fuckin' mouth eh?"

Dave grabbed a dirty shop rag and stuffed it into Nikki's screaming mouth.
"That'll quiet her down."

"Hey when I start getting the pipe up her ass, start pulling the tire irons out.
... okay Now!"

Dave started pulling the tire irons out, which relieved some of the pressure
stretching Nikki's ass.  When the last iron came out, and only the pipe remained
lodged in her ass hole, her body relaxed and she began sobbing.

Dave said. "Okay now what?"

Jim grinned and lit up a cigarette. Then flipped the lit match down the pipe. It
slid down the pipe and then stopped, sizzling against the inner walls of Nikki's
colon.

Nikki tried to shriek again, and her body flexed rigid. She shrieked over and
over into the shop rag, as more lit matches, and cigarettes joined the first.
Finally she was exhausted and tears flowed down her face, but she barely moved. 
Her pussy was slobbering though. The swollen lips of her sex pouted open and her
dripping juices flowed down her crack to the cruel pipe that had been jammed
past her sphincter.

Then Jim grabbed the pipe and twisted it cruelly out of her ass.  Now he pulled
off his belt. "Watch this he gloated."

Then he whipped the belt down cruelly between Nikki's legs. The thick leather
came down directly upon her drooling pussy and tortured ass.  Her body jerked
but she made no sound as Jim whipped her sex over and over again. Dave yanked
the rag out of her mouth and fed his dick into her mouth.

Nikki made obscene suckling sounds as she tried to milk some nourishment from
the thick schlong in her face. Occasionally she jerked as Jims belt hit her
between the legs. Then she had a little release as Jim's cock entered her sex.

They fucked her for quite a while this way, sweat poured off their bodies as
they drilled cocks into her body from both sides. Finally Dave erupted into her
mouth and then Jim moved over to abuse her face too. Seconds later he finished
into her mouth delivering another steamy load of cum down her throat and into
her belly.

After they were finished they unstrapped the young girl and let her go to the
bathroom to get cleaned up.  It felt weird for her as she soaped up her bruised
little body and tried to get the spent matches and cigarettes out of her
amazingly sore ass hole.  She could barely move, but she cleaned herself well.
She smiled as she rubbed her belly, so full of the mechanics cum.  At this point
she realized she would probably never have normal sweet sex, she would always be
raped for the rest of her life.  She would never be loved, only abused. A tear
flowed down her face, but she knew that this was the only life she could live.

It even occurred to her that she might die this way. Beaten and raped lying on
the side of a road somewhere. Somehow it gave her satisfaction. This is what a
pain slut like her deserved, or at least needed. 

She got out of the shower and cleaned it up, getting all the matches and butts
and throwing them into the trash. She noted that the men had put her clothes
(minus the panties of course) in a pile on one of the chairs.  They sat watching
the TV, drinking beers, joking and laughing.

She put her clothes on after drying herself. Then she came out to where the men
were.  "Can I get you fresh beers?" She asked.

Dave looked up. "Sure. And get yourself a soda, then come and sit on my lap."

She gulped, and went to the refrigerator, tears flowed down her face. She came
back with a two cans of beer, and her orange soda. She gave one beer to Jim and
one to Dave then sat on his lap and opened her soda. She was crying freely now.

Dave looked at her, "What's wrong, I thought you wanted to get raped?"

"I did, ... I do ... I'm just so happy, that's all. I'll be sore for a week, and
my ass might never be the same again. But I am so happy, you guys are so good to
me."

Dave smiled and patted her knee as she snuggled in to his big chest. "We'll give
you a ride home when you settle down a bit."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kanashin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





