BDSM Library - Good, Bad Idea




Good, Bad Idea
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: School bad boy takes advantige of the school loner. Finding out just how dirty she is.Summery: Inuyasha and sango anyone? Done to M arcy Playground- Sex and candy. 
Rablings: For those of you who dont know, Sex and candy is about cheating!!!
  and ...Im puting in a little anal play in here. &gt;.&lt;Im trying to get the
  nerve to write a Yiao fic people. 
Inuyasha yawned as he sipped at his drink, He was here at this club his freinds
  had d ra ged him too. They had all gone to the dance floor.He looked around
  and just started thinking, about life in gena ra l, About his fiancee Kagome,
  Was it the right thing to do? Ask her to be with him forever? That thought
  would have to wait, Because right now, He had to use the facilaties. 
St andi ng up he went into the bathroom. When he amerged a girl was siting
  on his hair,Dark hair back in high ponytail and long legs crossed. She as wearing
  a black skirt and a black top, With highheal boots on. She was smiling to herself
  as she licked the edge of her glass looking at InuYasha with a devious look
  in her eyes. 
~Hangin' 'round downtown by myself 
and I had so much time to sit and think about myself 
and then there she was 
like double cherry pie yeah there she was 
like disco superfly~ 
Inuyasha sat down on the chair across from her in the booth, and looked at
  her. She licked her lips and smiled again. His eyes nearly buldged out of there
  sockets when he felt a bare foot sliding up his leg. 
The girl smiled when her foot found its way to his crotch, He was unbalivably
  hard. And he shifted ncomfortable. When she finaly spoke, Her voice cam out
  in a soft, husky whisper. &quot;I saw you from across the room. Thought i would
  say hello.&quot; 
Inuyasha gasped a little as her foot began rubbing his leanth threw his baggy
  black pants. He looked down at his hand that was on his lap, At his ring. And
  placed his hands on the table, She leaned over on her elbows and smiled. Puting
  a finger over her lips. 
&quot;I wont tell if you dont.&quot;She whispered and ra n her fingers across
  his. &quot;Whats you're name?&quot; She asked with a saductive, almost needy
  voice. 
Inuyasha gulped and barly able to chock out his name he said: &quot;Inuyasha.&quot; She
  smiled again. 
&quot;Im Sango.&quot; Inuyasha stared her for a while before he finaly could't
  take it, He rubbed his hips ever so slightly agenst her foot. The club was
  dark, And he didn't think anyone could see them. The only lights where a st
  rob light and a few laser lights, Barly enough for anyone too see anyone, And
  they where on the opisit wall of everything, No one could see them. 
Sango slide her way across the booth and st ra dled his waist. She ra n her
  fingertips across his chest and smiled. 
&quot;Is this a dream?&quot; He asked and griped her hips as she began rubbing
  her core into his. 
~I smell sex and candy here, mmm 
who's that loungin' in my chair, mmm 
who's that castin' devious stares in my direction 
mama this surely is a dream,yeah 
yeah mama this surely is a dream, dig it ~ 
&quot; M aybe.&quot; She almost moaned as his hands went under her shirt and
  g ra bed at her breasts. Pinching lightly at er nipples. One of his hands moved
  out of her shirt and ra n up her inner thigh. He leaned over and began kissing
  her neck. When her hand went down and began rubbing his leanth threw his pants
  he groaned loudly, she shook her head and sai &quot;Shh.&quot; 
&quot;Damnit.&quot; He growled as he bite his lip, She had unzipped his pants,
  And was now running her fingers along his naked Leanth, Pulling out of its
  confinds. She stood up she pulled off her panties, Sliding them tourchuiously
  down her long legs. And she st ra dled him again. 
Inuyasha, Just feeling her completely shaven slit touch his bare leanth almost
  lost it there. she reached down again and g ra bed hold of his leanth, Pullingherself
  up slightly, she rubed it up and down between her lips, M oistening his leanth
  with her juices. Inuyasha moaned darkly and bucked his hips upwards, Causing
  him to slide into her almost painfully tight body. 
~Hangin' 'round downtown by myself 
and I had too much caffeine and I was thinkin' about myself 
and then there she was 
in platform double suede yeah there she was 
like disco lemonade~ 
Sango g ra sped at his shoulders and pressed her hips down, Fast. Rolling
  them to the beat of the music in the club. She pressed her lips hard to his
  and began swirling her toung around in his mouth. He g ra bed her arms anf
  fliped her on her back, M aking her lean over the table, As he forcefuly slambed
  his leanth into her tight core, Almost painfuly. this little bitch had tourcherd
  him, And now he was going to make her pay. 
Sango made a loud noice, But felt a hand over her mouth quicky, She screamed
  into it, Her innder mucles clenching around his large lenath, M aking her cum.
  Her ra ged screams became louder, Never had she had a man this skilled before. 
Inuyasha reached around and griped her breast with his free hand, Continuing
  to pound into her tight body. M aking her squeel. He moved his lips to her
  ear as she bucked her hips into his. 
&quot;You like that bitch?&quot; He asked and ra med his leanth hard into
  her body. 
~I smell sex and candy here, mmm 
who's that loungin' in my chair, mmm 
who's that castin' devious stares in my direction 
mama this surely is a dream, yeah 
yeah mama this surely is a dream, dig it 
yeah mama this surely is a dream, yeah~ 
Sango moaned out what sounded like' G od yes!' and felt her inner walls tighten
  again, With yet another powerful orgazom, By now her juices where spilling
  out of her, Driping onto the floor. She moaned into his hand, Her eyes watering
  from the pure bliss of the situation. 
Inuyasha growned his hips into her, feeling every orgazom she had. He pulled
  back slightly, Looking down between her ass cheeks, He grined when he saw her
  juices complety soak her backside him and the floor. Leaning forward as he
  whiperd in her ear. &quot;You sure can cum cant you bitch.&quot; 
Sango moaned and bite down on her arm to kep quite, As he removed his hand
  from her mouth. &quot;Just keep quite bitch.&quot; He whisperd and stood up
  completly st ra ight, Still pouding into her tight, Hot body. He looked down
  at her wiggling asscheeks. And spred them. 
Sango felt one of his finger touching her back ent ra nce, And it just made
  her cry out again, Biting her arm harder, Almost b ra king the skin.Now she
  would never tell anyone this but, she loved anal play. 
Inuyasha grin, almost reading her thoghts, &quot;Damn your a kinky bitch.&quot; He
  said and pushed his thumb roughly into her anus. for somereasion, The music
  got louder. And Sango screamed into her arm. As he pulled his thumb out and
  slide his indect and middle finger in to replace it, Roughly pushing into her. 
His leanth was pushing in and out of her harder and faster, As hi finger roughly
  slide in and oiut of her anus. Sango didn't know what she had gotten herself
  into, But it felt too good. 
The next words that came out of her mouth had Inuyasha smiling, &quot;Fuck
  me in the ass!&quot; she almost screamed. Inuyasha, Like everyother guy, Loved
  anal. So he thrust his leanth into her warm pussy one last time and yanked
  it out. Spining her around and throwing her back onto the table, M aking her
  lay there. 
He stared at her core for asecond, Before he quickly moved forward and slide
  his leanth deep into her anus. She cried out his name as he leaned forward
  and w ra ped his arms around her bac, Still pumping his leanth deep into her
  back ent ra nce. 
Slow but hard thrust where deliverd into her. She cired out and bite his shoulder. &quot;Oh
  god!&quot; She screamed as she cam again, Soaking him and herself. 
~I smell sex and candy here, mmm 
who's that loungin' in my chair, mmm 
who's that castin' devious stares in my direction 
mama this surely is a dream, dig it 
yeah mama this surely is a dream, mmm 
yeah mama this surely is a dream, yeah 
yeah mama this must be my dream!~ 
Inuyasha moaned darkly, as he reliced his seed within her. With one last thrust
  her pulled out of her and grined. Looking down at her. He spoke as he fetched
  her panties and zipped up his pants. 
&quot;I think...I love you bitch.&quot; He saw her grin devilishly and pull
  on her panties. &quot;Lets go back to your place and have a little more fun.&quot; 
~Fin~ 
AN: Omg gasp! Did i realy just write that?! -blush!!!!!- 
Summery: Sango and Sesshoumaru anyone? 
Sango stared at Sesshoumaru, Not showing the fear she actuly felt as he steped
  closer to her. Her hand clutched her towel close and she cursed herself for
  not bringing any weapons. She saw him sniff as she stood her ground. 
&quot;Your brother is not here.&quot; 
Summery: Inuyasha, Kouga, And Sango are all highschool freinds, But are closer
  then you think! St ra igt into it M erow! 
AN: First fic with male/male, Slash, Yaoi 
&quot;Kouga come on, Not here.&quot; Inuyasha said in a husky voice. Kouga
  had pushed him into the bathroom stall and locked the door leading into the
  hall way. 
&quot;I need you Inuyasha.&quot; Kouga whispered huskily into his ear from
  behind and reached around into his school uniform, W ra ping his hands around
  Inuyasha's already erect leanth.&quot;Please.&quot; He begged and rubed his
  own leanth agenst his backside. Inuyasha moaned as Kouga's hands went to work
  aking off his cloths, Withen seconds, they where both naked. 
&quot;Koo kouga!&quot; Inuyasha moaned, loudly as Kouga pushed him back onto
  the tolit, taking his leanth deep into his throat. They where disrupted when
  a remale voice softly called threw the door. 
&quot;Kouga, Inuyasha let me it!&quot; It was sango, she sounded desp ra te,
  Needy, Kouga go up, pulling Inuyasha leanth form his mouth, And quickly opened
  the door, Yanking Sango inside. She was panting as she latched her lips onto
  his ear, locking the door behind her. 
&quot;I heard Inuyasha, And i need it too.&quot; She cooed rubbing herself
  into his naked body. 
&quot;Strip!&quot; Kouga comanded and g ra bed Inuyasha from teh tolit. Sango,
  quickly obeyed him and did a small dance for them, removing her school uniform.
  Inuyasha pushed her to the ground, making her lay on her back.Inuyasha had
  always known what Sango liked, Dirty talk and rough sex. 
&quot;Spred your legs for us bitch.&quot; Inuyasha now taking the dem andi
  ng role, she spred her legs as fare as they would go, her slit glistining with
  her wetness. Inuyasha bent down, taking a soft lick at her folds.Kouga, moved
  down, taking over for Inuyasha, they began taking turns. Soon the two males
  where kissing eatch other, while Sango watched, She ra n her hand down her
  body and began rubbing her clit. A soft moan from her got the two males out
  of it. 
&quot;So you like watching us bitch?&quot; Kouga ased and griped Inuyasha's
  leanth between his fingers, pumping it withen his palm, coaxing his for a mean. 
&quot;Yess.&quot;She said quietly.&quot;Dont tease me guys, i wanna cum, NOW!&quot; She
  begged. Kouga g ra bed her hips, While Inuyasha lay underneath her. Kouga was
  p rob ing her back ent ra nce with two fingers as Inuyasha rubed her clit with
  the tip of his leanth. Soon Kouga's fingers where replaced by the tip of his
  leanth. She gasped, then screamed as Inuyasha thrust into her. 
&quot;Inuyasha! Sit boy!&quot; Kagome shouted and then ra n off for the well.
  Sango started laughing at the whole situation. Inuyasha had actuly called Kagome
  a bitch and thought he would get away with it. 
&quot;Inuyasha.&quot; She chuckled and went to help him up. He stared at her
  and crossed his arms firmly over his chest, siting down like a disobedaint
  dog. But he was angry, this much Sango could tell. 
John is in Collage, And is as st ra ight as they come. But somthing happends
  with his roomate Tyson one night. (Is in first person) 
I was laying next to my good buddy Tyson, Just watching a movie on my bed.
  There was no TV in the living room of our apartment so we had to watch in here.
  You see im in collage and Tyson, is my room mate, I've known him since i was
  a freshmen in highschool. He is 22 and i am 20. He out ra nks me in speed,
  looks, height, Weight, and M uscle. He his 6'1'' with blond hair, blue eyes
  and a wonderfuly toned body and beautifuly sculpted face, But that is from
  a very hetro-sexual point of view. 
M yself. Im 5'11'' green eyes, With shagy brown hair that covers my eyes most
  of the time, A bit of a punk skater most would say i look like. Im toned aswell,
  But he is more...ripped then i am, Basicly the perfect - If i dare say- male
  body. 
We had been drinking alot and we seemed to have both passsed out at the same
  time -Again dare i say- We where both in our boxxors. 
I was shocked. I had woke up the next morning to my roomate moaning.. M y
  hand was in his boxxers and i was gently rubbing his hard cock. M y hand stoped
  ameditly, He whimpered somthing. I knew he was wide awake, just as i was. 
He whispered &quot; John ....&quot; In a husky, needy voice and pressed his
  cock agenst my hand that hadn't moved, like the rest of me. I began breathing
  heavily, What was wrong with me, M y own cock had just desided to spring to
  life, and was now poking hard agenst his ass. 
&quot;Ty...What...&quot; I didn't know what to say. I was scared at the though
  of me liking another man. He rolled over and stared at me, His eyes where glazed
  over with lust and need. He took in a shakey breath. 
&quot;I dont understand...&quot; He whispered and leaned forward pressing
  his lips to mine. I didn't have anything to think about before his hand sliped
  into my boxxors and began pumping my cock slowly. I moaned a little bit and
  pushed my hips forward into his hand. By this point i had started kissing him
  back. W ra ping my arms around his neck to pull him closer to me. 
Next thing i knew. We where both naked, He was laying ontop of me, Kissing
  my neck and shoulders. He pulled my legs apart and i felt his cock rub agenst
  mine, I moaned softly at the feeling, I couldn't hold it back, somthing about
  this had me wanting more.. 
School bad boy takes advantige of the school loner. Finding out just how dirty
  she is. 
James sat outside after school leaning agenst his G TO. He was a senor and
  bored. His friends had dared him to 'take' a freshman, Not just any freshmen,
  this girl had a reputation for being a cold hearted bitch, A loner, A loser.
  He shook his head and saw her exit the building fiddling with the st ra ps
  on her hand-me-down backpack. 
&quot;Hey Jessy!&quot; He called and waved her over. She looked at him and
  slowly movde in his derection. He looked her up and down. Brown hair, Hazel
  eyes, Slim. she was wearing a pair of baggy black bondage pants and a tight
  shirt that said 'Im ugly on the inside too.' Her brown hair back in a hgh pony
  tail. He knew she was 15 because she was held back in the 8th g ra de for somthing.
  She was also 5'2'' and was actuly pretty cute. 
&quot;Yeah?&quot; She asked and kept her eyes on the ground. 
&quot;Can i give you a ride home?&quot; James asked and flashed her one of
  his smiles. 
&quot;No thats ok..Ill take the bus.&quot; she said softly and began walking
  away. James softly g ra bed her elbow and pulled her twords the car, She looked
  up at him and ra ised a slender brow. 
&quot;C'mon.&quot; He said in a pouty voice &quot;Please?&quot; 
&quot;Fine...&quot; She mummbled and got into the car with him, as they drove
  off she noticed that he passed her house. &quot;Where are we going?&quot; She
  asked and backed away from him into the car door a little bit. 
&quot;I was ganna take you to the beach.&quot; He said with another one of
  his smiles and she nodded. Not reay trusting him she sat stiff and stared out
  the window, Figiting with her rings. 
Once they reached the beach James just parked the car, There was literitly
  no on around and Jessy was geting a little scared. 
&quot;Can you take me home now James please?&quot; She looked at him and crossed
  her arms over her chest, shying away from him as he leaned forward and tried
  to press his lips to hers. He only managed to kiss her cheek. &quot;James dont..&quot; She
  said and figited with the car handle. 
&quot;That door only opens from the outside.&quot; He smiled and g ra bed
  her chin, moving her head so he could firmly press his lips to hers. Jessy
  put her hands firmly on his chest and pushed him back. 
&quot;Stop it!&quot; she shouted and c ra wled into the back seat going for
  the back door. James rolled his blue eyes and g ra bed her hands, Pulling her
  onto the seat to lay flat on her back. &quot;STOP IT!&quot; She screamed and
  punched him hard in the jaw when he began pulling off her shirt. 
&quot;Dont make me hit you Jessy.&quot; He hissed at her and g ra bed her
  hands, holding them above her head. Using his free hand he ripped off her shirt
  and pulled her b ra off. He looked down at her small A cup breasts and smiled.
  He leaned his head down and took one of her little nipples into his mouth,
  suckling on it as his free hand worked her other nipples. 
Jessy had started to cry her eyes closed tightly as she bite into her bottom
  lip. She was still struggling, kicking and screaming. James st ra dled her
  hips and barly felt as her small hands pounded at his chest. He pulled his
  chirt off and soon had her completely naked. 
&quot;James dont!&quot; She cried loud and found herself laying flat on her
  stomach with her ass in the air and her legs spread. She felt the tip of his
  cock nudge at her pussy and she cried out. &quot;Please!!&quot; She screamed
  as he griped her hips firmly. She closed her eyes tightly and buryied her face
  in the seat as he guided the tip of his cock into her pussy. He had put a condom
  on already. 
As James finaly had his cock completely in her pussy he felt her body ra ck
  and shudder with sobs. He looked down at her shoulders neck and face as he
  rolled her onto her back. She was no Virgin but she had only had sex once from
  what he could tell, Recently too. He leaned down and began slowly sliding his
  cock in and out of her tight cunt. And began kissing her neck. 
He was a little confused when she stoped moving completely, he moved up and
  saw Jessy's eyes glazed over with lust. She licked her lips and closed her
  eyes again. James put his hands on her shoulders and began to pound her tight
  little body. 
He grined down at her as he rocked back and forth agnest her. Keeping his
  thrusts short, His cock buried deep inside her. &quot;You feel so fucking good.&quot; He
  said softly as her leaned down, w ra ping his arms around her shoulders as
  she bucked her hips into him. 
&quot; M mm...You've got such a tight cunt.&quot; He moaned into her ear and
  felt her body shake and shiver with pleaser as she rocked her hips into his. 
Jessy moaned loudly into his ear as he rolled her over again, Pulling her
  up on her hands and knees. Fucking her hard from behind down, She felt herself
  cum. 
&quot; M mm, Thats right you little slut...&quot; He kept himself shoved up
  inside her as she cam, G roaning as she cont ra cted and squeezed around his
  thickness. &quot;Oh fuck, yes...&quot; 
&quot;Oh god!&quot; Jessy screamed and bucked her hips back hard into his
  long thick cock. Her hands griping the fabric on the car seat. James had never
  been with a girl who actuly liked the way he talked, but she was seriously
  enjoying it. 
He wasn't ready to cum yet but he felt her cum again.He let his cock slip
  out of her, Watching as a bucketload of cum sliped from her pussy, dribbling
  down her thighs. He kneeled down behind her and she felt his toung t ra cing
  up her inner left thigh, Cleaning it up, She then felt his lips seal around
  her cunt,Slurping her cum from it messily, His hands gently squeezing her ipper
  thighs just under her ass. 
Jessy moaned softly as he did this, she closed her eyes again while she let
  out a soft giggle like moan. 
James slurped his toung into her, Feeling her freshly fucked cunt with the
  tip of it, Cleaning her out, Letting cum dribble out down his chin. &quot;Heh,
  Your sloppy bitch,&quot; He moved upwords d ra gging his toung up across her
  asshole, Smearing it with the slippery mix of her juices and his spit. He spread
  her tender ass cheeks apart a little, Wedging his toung inside her just a little,
  wiggling it about. 
He pushed his toung deeper into her, gently spreading her asshole open as
  he wiggled and flexed his toung in her tight hole. Jessy tightened her hands
  into fists and threw her head back, calling out his name as she rolled her
  hips back into his face. 
James positioned himself over her again, w ra ping on arm around her small
  waist as he glided his rock hard cock up agenst her ass, Up between her cheeks. 
Jessy rolled her hips back as James grinded agenst her ass. He licked the
  base of her sweaty neck. He angled his cock up agenst her, Slowly pushing himself
  deep into her well prepared ass, Shuddering gently at the feeling of her tight
  puckered hole. 
She felt a pressure on her shoulders as he pushed her down laying flat on
  her stomach. As his fingers kneaded her shoulder muscles. 
He slowly worked himself in and out of her perfect little ass.&quot; M mmmmmfuckfuckfuck!&quot; 
Jessy cried out and hide her face in her arms, moaning loudly, bucking her
  hips back agenst him. &quot; M mm oh fuck James!!&quot; 
He grunted softly as he started fucking her in the ass harder and deeper,
  Opening her up roughlu, his fingernails digging into her shoulders giving her
  the familyer feeling of b ra king skin. 
Her moans turned into loud screams of passion as she bucked her hips harder
  and harder back agenst his cock, her breathing turned into long sharp gasps
  for air. 
&quot; M mm you good litle slut.&quot; He called out and ra mmed his cock
  hard into her ass one last time as he cam into the comdom, falling limp ontop
  of her, Both there bodies trembling and driping with sweat, As they layed there. 
After a few minutes Jessy felt james cock swell in her asshole again and she
  moaned loudly, ready for another go.... 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gabrielle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





