BDSM Library - Stranger in a Strange World




Stranger in a Strange World
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lost woman runs into a pair of women, destined to change her world forever.STRANGER IN A STRANGE WORLD 
By 
Deputy Duffy 
It was a cool early summer night as Bobbie Sue walked along the beach road.
  She was frantically searching for the small nightclub her cousin's band was
  performing at, but she just couldn't seem to find it. She was walking and walking
  -- wishing that she had written down the club's name and directions, but her
  cousin Amy had made it sound so easy. 
&quot;Oh god! Where am I?&quot; 
She scanned up at the buildings that all seemingly looked the same. Bobbie
  Sue thought about her predicament: She was so happy when her cousin invited
  her. It was her first trip to visit her older cousin. Her first trip anywhere.
  Her parents saved up some of their hard-earned money and bought her the plane
  ticket for her 18th birthday. But she felt like a fish-out-of-water since the
  day she arrived. She'd spent the first 18 years of her life living on her parent's
  farm. Now she was miles and miles from home, on her own for the very first
  time. It felt like she was like she was on a different planet because everything
  was so different here. It was like she was a stranger in a strange world. 
She glanced down at her outfit and gasped. 
&quot;I can't believe they really dress like this, out here.&quot; 
She examined her outfit. (&quot;Or what there was of it,&quot; she thought,
  feeling her cheeks blush.) She tugged on her small black top that was made
  of a silky material. It crossed and clung to her breasts in the front, but
  was open in the back, so she couldn't wear a bra. She tugged because it kept
  getting caught up on her perky nipples. 
She looked around to see if anyone noticed this time (remembering the hoots
  from the skateboarders hanging in front of some record shop). 
She ran a hand over her little rubber short-shorts that she felt were too
  small and way too tight. The only thing she liked about them were there deep
  pink color. Her next awkward step reminded her that her outfit was rounded
  out by a pair of black, spiked, knee-high boots that made her feel like she
  was walking on her tippy-toes. 
&quot;How did I let her talk me into this get-up?&quot; Amy whined, with a
  shiver. (Her cousin had let her borrow some of her clothes because she said
  that she would &quot;look hot&quot; in them. Bobbie Sue didn't really know
  what that meant, but due to the lack of clothes and the cool ocean breeze,
  she was feeling anything but.) 
Bobbie Sue continued her journey. She rounded a corner and smiled. The street
  was abuzz with activity. She passed several women wearing small outfits similar
  to hers. She was going to ask them if they knew her cousin but they were busy
  waving at the passing cars and several of them were flashing their assets. 
&quot;Gee, everyone is so friendly 'round here,&quot; Bobbie Sue thought. &quot;I
  can't believe the girls here are so forward...back home we would never just
  show'em what we got, or even dream of asking a guy if he wanted 'a date'.&quot; 
Bobbie Sue heard a distinctive siren. She spun and spotted a police car pull
  up to the side of the road. She watched as two figures got out of the car and
  started walking towards her. Bobbie Sue couldn't believe her eyes -- they were
  both women. But what really got her was their attire. 
&quot;Gosh, even the police dressed in next-to-nothing out here.&quot; 
She scanned them over as they approached. The two policewomen had on matching
  outfits consisting of black leather vests, with their police badges clipped
  on front of them, and tight black shorts. She almost giggled at their black
  boots and matching hats and gloves (Halloween was in October) but she didn't
  because she focused on their nightsticks swinging from their hips. Bobbie Sue
  was wide-eyed as the two policewomen walked right up to her. 
The taller, older looking of the twosome cleared her throat. &quot;Well, what
  do we have here?&quot; 
Bobbie Sue turned around, not believing that they were talking to her, but
  she surmised that they had to be; it seemed the street had suddenly emptied. 
&quot;Don't turn your back on me, whore!&quot; 
Bobbie Sue quickly turned back around, while growing increasingly nervous. 
&quot;I thought I told you whores to stay off my streets,&quot; the older
  one barked. 
&quot;Please...a whore? Me? I'm a good girl,&quot; Bobbie Sue managed, although
  slightly confused. 
&quot;I just bet you are.&quot; The younger one joined in sarcastically. &quot;I
  just bet your customers love the accent too. How many failed acting classes
  did that take?&quot; 
Bobbie Sue shiver had turned into a shake. She tried, but was unable to respond;
  confused as to her meaning. The two policewomen, who were standing face to
  face with her, moved closer until nose to nose with her. Bobbie Sue, while
  puzzled as to their intent, couldn't get over how beautiful both of them were. 
&quot;The police back home surely didn't look like this,&quot; she thought. &quot;Or
  smell like this.&quot; 
&quot;Cat got your tongue, whore?&quot; The older officer ran a gloved finger
  across Bobbie Sue's wavy blonde hair, just above her ear. &quot;Hmmm, Blondie...?&quot; 
&quot;Please, I was just looking for directions to a club, I mean the club,
  I mean....&quot; Bobbie Sue said, stumbling with her words. (Her mouth almost
  too dry to speak.) 
&quot;Silence, you whore!&quot; The officer snarled. &quot;It has been a long
  day and I'm not in the mood for the 'I'm innocent -- I swear' shit, so spare
  us.&quot; 
Bobbie Sue again tried to speak, but a gloved finger pressed against her bright
  red painted lips, stopped her. 
(Bobbie Sue figured the older one must be in charge since she acted that way.) 
&quot;But, it's your lucky night,&quot; the older officer said, removing her
  finger. &quot;We will spare you the ride downtown to jail, which spares us
  the paperwork, and we'll do a little search right here. If you're clean, we'll
  let you go.&quot; 
&quot;Sear....&quot; Bobbie Sue tried to protest again, but was cut off with
  the gloved finger again, this time more forcefully. 
&quot;Be a good little girl and I won't have to use this,&quot; the older
  officer hissed, as she tapped on the nightstick that was hanging from her belt. 
Bobbie Sue was even more surprised when the officer finished her warning by
  leaning forward and planting a soft, quick kiss on Bobbie Sue's left cheek.
  Bobbie Sue was as nervous as she had ever remembered being, since nothing like
  this had ever happened to her back home. 
&quot;Why did she kiss me?&quot; Bobbie Sue quickly thought. 
Bobbie Sue felt her wrists being grabbed and pulled up over her head. She
  was led over to a nearby light pole and made to bend forward and lean her hands
  against it. Then her feet were kicked apart. She had to arch her back just
  to keep from falling down. 
Bobbie Sue watched, as a young woman came out of a nearby coffee shop. She
  gave some coffee to the older policewoman, who thanked the woman with a strong
  kiss on the lips, before the woman ran back into the shop. 
&quot;She must kiss everyone. Gee, even the police are friendly 'round here,&quot; Bobbie
  Sue thought, before she gushed, &quot;Oh my!&quot; 
Bobbie Sue was startled by pressure rubbing against her shoulders. She quickly
  snapped her head back and saw the younger policewoman behind her, smiling. 
&quot;Just relax. If you don't fight me, it will be better for us all.&quot; She
  purred into Bobbie Sue's ear. 
(Bobbie Sue had been taught to respect the law by her parents, so she figured
  she had to let them do their job, even though it was embarrassing to be frisked
  in public. Then she figured they would let her be on her way. She also knew
  she didn't have anything to hide.) 
The young policewoman began rubbing her gloved hands softly down her naked
  back, sending shivers down Bobbie Sue's spine. The hands traveled across the
  back of her shorts, down one leg and back up the other. The gloved hands continued
  up the front of her shorts, traveling over her top next, just brushing her
  breasts on the way by before they made it back on top of her shoulders. Bobbie
  Sue felt a sense of relief, figuring the search was over and rather quickly
  at that. 
&quot;I think we should give her the 'special search' just to make sure,&quot; the
  older officer said, as she flashed Bobbie Sue a wicked smile. 
Bobbie Sue quivered at the statement and then because the young officer's
  gloved hands started traveling down her body, more forcefully then before.
  Lower and lower, only stopping to squeeze both of her ass cheeks, on the way
  down this time. Slowly up the front they came, running over her firm breasts,
  lightly at first and then stopping to squeeze each one several times. Bobbie
  Sue's face flushed, her jaw clinched, as it was the first time that anyone
  had ever done that to her. (She was a late bloomer and was still getting used
  to her new body. She hadn't even had that much time to explore them herself.) 
She felt the young woman's hands clutch her top and pull apart-- her cone-shaped
  breasts springing free. Letting out a screech, Bobbie Sue tried to stand, but
  a strong forearm to her back sent her reluctantly back into position. 
&quot;Please,&quot; Bobbie Sue whined, at the sight of her bright pink nipples
  now exposed to the cool summer air (and to anyone watching). 
The older officer tossed her coffee into a trash can and moved over. 
&quot;No my dear, we're not done with you yet,&quot; she said, snatching a
  pair of handcuffs from her belt. 
Bobbie Sue felt the cold steel slapped against her wrist. Instinctively, she
  tried to pull away but the officer was skilled and had her other wrist snatched. 
&quot;Oh, God!&quot; Bobbie Sue cried out, realizing that she was now handcuffed
  to this 
light pole, in the middle of nowhere. She moaned, realizing that the officers
  were free to do as they please now. Bobbie Sue was struggling with her composure
  as she pulled on the cuffs. It also hit her that no one had ever seen her newly
  formed breasts before. Yet here they were, hanging from her body like Christmas
  ornaments, seemingly for all to see. 
The young policewoman's hands went back to work, the light pole acting like
  a spotlight. The hands slowly cupped each breast, as if weighing them, before
  the gloved fingers began squeezing them softly, as Bobbie Sue whimpered. They
  finished by giving them one last squeeze, a sultry voice telling her how good
  they felt, which made her blush even more. 
She felt an open palmed hand, started running back and forth across her exposed
  pink nipples. The rough leather gloves causing them to become hard little bee
  bees in seconds. (Bobbie Sue had never felt them this hard before, not even
  when she went swimming in the cold cement pond back home.) The gloved fingers
  began pulling on her erect nipples, causing Bobbie Sue a mixture of pleasure
  and pain. Bobbie Sue looked to the older policewoman (who was standing on the
  other side of the light pole) for relief but she was busy watching her partner's
  work with a smile. 
The gloved hands finally left Bobbie Sue's breasts, but much to her chagrin
  they didn't cover them back up. (They were just left exposed to the cool air
  and the crowd of onlookers, who were gathered at the nearby buildings and shop
  windows, but didn't dare get closer.) 
Bobbie Sue's sense of relief was brief, as the gloved hands grasped the waistband
  of her tight rubber short-shorts. 
&quot;They wouldn't do that, not right here!&quot; Bobbie Sue thought, in
  a panic. 
But as quickly as she thought it, her rubber shorts were yanked down to her
  knees. Bobbie Sue instantly felt a rush of cool air swamping her hot flesh,
  as a moan escaped her lips. It wasn't long before she could feel hot breath
  against her backside, but she was too embarrassed to look back now, a small
  teardrop even splashed on the cement below. 
The older policewoman joined her partner. Bobbie Sue knew that both women
  were now studying her backside view. She suddenly felt like a fish in a fish
  bowl. (When she left home yearning for adventure this is not what she had envisioned.) 
Bobbie Sue blinked to try and dry her eyes. She knew the policewomen were
  in complete control of her now and there was nothing she could do about it.
  Bobbie Sue felt some gloved hands start roaming over her naked skin. They ran
  over her ass cheeks, over her thighs, even lightly brushing her sex. She heard
  the policewomen giggling like schoolgirls, obviously enjoying their work. 
&quot;Look at her pussy.&quot; 
&quot;So pink.&quot; 
&quot;And pretty.&quot; 
&quot;Too tight to hide anything in here.&quot; 
&quot;But let's look anyways.... Just to be safe.&quot; 
Bobbie Sue felt gloved hands firmly grip her ass cheeks, before slowly pulling
  apart. She felt a rush of cool air again as gloved fingers slid inside her
  ass crack. They pulled slowly and she felt her pussy lips being stretched apart;
  even more when two fingers worked in a V-like motion. She moaned a feeble protest,
  knowing that their eyes could now see her most intimate of places through her
  fine blonde pubic hair. 
A gloved finger suddenly began running against her spread pussy lips, slowly
  at first, but soon it increased in speed and in pressure. (Bobbie Sue had never
  experienced anything like it; it felt infinitely better than her own touch.
  Her body was tingling all over; it felt like a thousand ants were crawling
  all over her body. She even felt a bit lightheaded.) Soon another finger joined
  the first. This one ran in the other direction. This one found her special
  pleasure zone, on the top of her pussy, which she still called her &quot;love
  button&quot;. 
Bobbie Sue was doing all she could to remain standing as the fingers were
  working. She bit her lip when she also felt pressure on her right breast. She
  opened one eye, ever so slightly, and saw that the older policewoman had her
  mouth over it. She began kissing it at first, before she began sucking on her
  erect nipple. Bobbie Sue bit her lower lip harder, because her nipple seemed
  to melt in the woman's warm mouth. (Bobbie Sue cursed herself for enjoying
  it so. She also knew that they crossed the preverbal line now.) 
The policewomen kept up their actions. Slowly they started increasing their
  intensity of their rubbing and sucking. Bobbie Sue was losing her fight. Her
  body started quivering, cries of pleasure were escaping from her lips. Her
  body seemingly alive for the first time, but her head was miles away in the
  clouds. 
&quot;What they're doing is wrong?&quot; Bobbie Sue kept thinking. &quot;But
  why does it have to feel, SO GOOD?&quot; 
The policewomen's intense pleasurable actions started overtaking the perverseness
  of it all. It was just too much for her to fight anymore. Bobbie Sue gave in,
  and almost instantly, let out a scream, as she leaned forward and rested her
  forehead against the light pole. 
&quot;Ahhhhhh, I'm CUMMMING!&quot; Her voice echoed into the air. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
The gloved fingers finally stopped there assault and her short shorts were
  pulled back up. The suction on her nipple also stopped and her breasts were
  also covered up. The handcuffs were removed from her wrists. Bobbie Sue's body
  had stopped its quivering, but she still felt dizzy. It almost felt like she
  was going to fall. The older policewoman stood up and caught Bobbie Sue (seemingly
  just in time) cradling her in her arms and then began carrying her towards
  the squad car. Bobbie Sue was still too dazed from her first sexual experience
  to protest, but still wore a look of concern on her face. 
&quot;Don't worry,&quot; the older policewoman whispered into her ear. &quot;We're
  just going to take you back to our place. We have plenty more to show you.
  I guess it turns out that you aren't a whore after all.&quot; 
The officer carrying Bobbie Sue lowered her and helped her lean against the
  back of the squad car, while her partner went into the car's trunk. Then she
  spun Bobbie Sue around and quickly cuffed her hands behind her back. 
&quot;Hey!&quot; Bobbie Sue whined, repeatedly. 
&quot;Don't you get it yet?&quot; The older officer teased, as her partner
  joined her side. &quot;You belong to us now. You are our little pet.&quot; 
Bobbie Sue spun her head around just in time to see a red ball being stuffed
  into her mouth. She felt it being strapped around her head and pulled tight.
  She flooded with nerves once again. 
&quot;But we mean you not harm. In fact you might even enjoy our time together...but
  it's not permanent.&quot; The officer reached up wiped a tear off Bobbie Sue's
  cheek. &quot;So you can stop that.&quot; She leaned forward and kissed Bobbie
  Sue's cheek. &quot;You see, even as sweet as you are, we'll tire of you and
  you'll have to find us a replacement.&quot; 
Bobbie Sue's eyes widened, not believing her ears. 
The older officer smiled. &quot;Yeah, just like....&quot; 
&quot;Your cousin,&quot; the younger officer exclaimed, as she opened the
  back door of the squad car. 
&quot;My cousin?&quot; Bobbie Sue screamed into her ball gag. 
&quot;Yep. Amy said we might like you but we had no idea....&quot; 
Bobbie Sue was bewildered. The older officer suddenly grabbed her and pushed
  her face down into the back of the squad car. She felt her legs being raised.
  She looked back and they were tying her feet together. 
&quot;But don't be too mad at Amy, even though she fooled you pretty good.&quot; 
The younger officer giggled. &quot;She ain't even in a band, silly.&quot; 
Her legs were raised up and tied to her cuffs by the older officer. (Living
  on a farm all those years, Bobbie Sue knew what position she was now tied into.)
  The officers moved from the back into the front of the car and the younger
  officer put the car into drive. 
&quot;Yeah, Amy even showed us what you'd be wearing. She said you were gullible,
  but we like that. She was...once. Yes, Amy was one fine pet. So let's hope
  it runs in the family.&quot; the older officer said, flipping down her mirrored
  visor. (Bobbie Sue couldn't see their faces but she could make out their voices.) &quot;But
  you saw her. She was with us for a while and she's fine and you'll be too.&quot; 
&quot;If you behave and do everything we tell yah, just like we tell yah.&quot; 
&quot;Don't worry about her.... But she has a point,&quot; the older officer
  said, slapping her partner on the shoulder. (She was trying hard not to scare
  her. At least not yet.) 
&quot;I know it's a little confusing. Your cousin was once in your position.
  Oh, and she wanted me to apologize for her. You see, she was having trouble
  finding someone, but then you started calling and writing, saying how boring
  life was for you and how you yearned for more. We'll, we have a whole new world
  to show you. It'll be anything but boring. That I can guarantee.&quot; 
Bobbie Sue moaned, feeling even more like a stranger in a strange world. 
The End 
Thanks for reading my little tale 
Feedback and comments are always appreciated. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





