BDSM Library - The Interview




The Interview
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Set in England, a naive young man applies for an IT job with a large International Financial Institution and is targetted by a powerful top woman executive who spots his extreme hidden submissiveness. This story covers the period from their first meeting at her place of business to his removal that evening to her mansion outside London.The Interview 
Foolishly, my provincial canniness had ensured that I didn't arrive at Head
  Office by taxi. I say 'foolishly' for I had become unkempt and a little tired
  by my long walk from Euston Station, and, as I stood at the foot of the broad
  marble steps leading up the the large and imposing foyer, I was ruefully aware
  of my cheap suit and the cut-price shoes which had seemed so 'a la mode' in
  my home town. Carrying my CV in an old Supermarket shopping bag did little
  for my image, too. For a moment I jealously the observed the assured and confident
  progress of a young 'executive' bounding up the steps before me, then, squaring
  my shoulders in resolution, I followed him through the revolving door into
  the building. 
A large, sparsely furnished atrium lay before me. Tasteful furniture was scattered
  here and there, and a fountain bloomed in the centre, its plume reaching high
  into the air. Behind a vast desk sat a member of the Royal Corps of Commissionaires,
  no less; his medal ribbons subdued in the soft, neutral lighting. 
Cursing the timidity which came upon me, I approached this imposing personage. 
He had observed my coming dispassionately. 
&quot;Yes......Sir?&quot; he asked. 
&quot;Er...I have an appointment for ten o'clock........with Ms Howard,&quot; I
  stammered. 
His eyes narrowed in disbelief. 
&quot;With Ms Howard?&quot; he repeated in stunned tones. &quot;Do you have
  a letter confirming the appointment.......Sir ?&quot; 
I fumbled in an inside pocket of my jacket and produced the much perused letter
  I'd received with such astonishment and pride the week before. He took the
  creased document from me gingerly. Opening it, he read it slowly and carefully,
  unable to hide his growing amazement. I knew its contents by heart, of course.
  In my innocent excitement on attaining my IT qualification, I'd written letters
  applying to a good many 'top drawer' firms, confident that they would be only
  too anxious to employ my services as an IT technician. I'd soon become disillusioned;
  young, callow, just-qualified IT techs were not as highly sort after as I'd
  imagined, to put it mildly. 
The letter inviting me to an interview at the mighty Interbank did much to
  restore my morale. Of its signatory, 'Ms Howard', I knew nothing then, but
  I was beginning to suspect that she was a far more important personage that
  I'd imagined. 
He picked up a slim, ivory telephone that stood a little apart from the others
  instruments on the desk before him, and spoke into it softly. As he did so
  his eyes ranged my figure, as if he were describing me. Finally he replaced
  the instrument in its cradle, and, still with an air of incredulity, directed
  me to a small lift, discreetly placed in a corner. 
&quot;Press the UP button,&quot; he instructed me, &quot;and you'll be met
  in the ante-room of Ms Howard's office suite. I'm told you be leaving by Ms
  Howard's private exit, so I shan't issue you with a Visitor's Pass.&quot; 
Feeling upon my back his still faintly incredulous gaze, I went over to and
  entered the lift. With understated elegance, its control panel featured only
  two buttons. I pressed the one with the up-pointing arrow; obviously this lift
  was programmed for two destinations only. 
Smoothly and silently I arrived at my destination. The door opened with a
  discreet whirr, and I stepped out into a large, smartly appointed office. The
  sole occupant was a motherly-looking, middle-aged lady sitting at a large desk,
  busily typing on a keyboard in front of her. 
It was to she that I addressed myself. 
&quot;Er........excuse me,&quot; I began, &quot;but I have an appointment
  with Ms Howard.&quot; 
She raised her head from her work, and stared at me through half-moon spectacles. 
&quot;Yes, of course!&quot; she said. &quot; Mr --------, isn't it? May I
  have your letter of appointment?&quot; 
She took it from me, and put it into a bright scarlet filing envelope. 
&quot;Please take a seat,&quot; she said, &quot;and you'll be called in presently.&quot; 
I sat upon a low comfortable bench-seat, before which was a low table, its
  surface covered with up-to-date financial periodicals. These presented few
  attractions to me, so I occupied my self by removing my CV from its carrier
  and examining it anxiously for the umpteenth time. 
To my horror I spotted at once a large grease mark upon the title page; as
  I tried vainly to make it less conspicuous several pages came loose and fluttered
  to the floor. As I was retrieving them, the middle-aged lady added to my confusion
  by informing me that &quot;Ms Howard will see you now!&quot; 
Swallowing nervously, I approached the high, oak-carved double door she indicated
  to me. 
Feeling incredibly gauche and clumsy, I managed, after a couple of false starts,
  to open the door and sidle into the room beyond. 
I found myself in a large and elegantly appointed chamber. Its carpet seemed
  ankle deep, and the enormous desk at its far end miles off as I gingerly walked
  towards it. When I came to a halt in front of the deak, the seated figure behind
  it, whose attention had been fixed upon some document or other, raised her
  head and stared at me. 
Neither then nor now could I describe Ms Howard: not even to myself, and certainly
  not to others. To look her in the eyes was to look at the sun, dazzling and
  blinding. I was aware only of a Woman; tall, dark, and imperious, and I broke
  eye contact immediately in confusion and fear. She rose to her feet, and came
  from behind the desk. She spoke to me, in a low, clear contralto voice which
  sent shivers through me. 
&quot;Give me your CV!&quot; 
Helplessly, I proffered it. She took it disdainfully in her beautifully manicured
  hands, and scanned it quickly, her mouth thinning in disgust. Finally she tossed
  it to the floor, several pages falling from it as it flew downwards. 
&quot;Pick it up!&quot; she said, in a voice like iron. 
Like a rabbit hypnotised by a snake I fell to my knees; on all fours I scrabbled
  frantically after the fallen papers under her pitiless eyes. 
Then a surprising thing happened. I was peripherally aware of her lifting
  her right foot, and then I felt an agonizing pain in the back of my left hand
  as she lowered the slender heel of her chic right shoe upon it, and pressed
  downwards with considerable force. 
In my agony I instinctively clutched her ankle with my right hand. She froze
  as if in shock. With a terrible anger she spoke. 
&quot;How DARE you touch me........ANIMAL!&quot; 
In angry disgust she withdrew her foot. 
&quot;Stay there!&quot; she commanded me. Then, raising her voice a little, &quot;Sonia!&quot; she
  called out. 
I was aware of a door opening and the appearance of another woman, of much
  the same size and colouring. 
&quot;Yes, Ma'am?&quot; she enquired. 
&quot;Remove this rubbish and dispose of it, please! Bring me coffee; then
  leave us undisturbed for an hour.&quot; 
The other nodded silently, picked up my painfully compiled CV, and left. Ms
  Howard walked over to a suite of comfortable armchairs surrounding an ornate,
  low brass table, and seated herself. I remained in place on the floor, still
  in a state of hypnosis, scarcely daring to nurse my throbbing left hand. 
Sonia returned, bearing her Mistress's coffee on a silver salver. In silence
  she placed it on the low table, then withdrawing. Throughout her brief visit
  she ignored my presence entirely. 
In fascination I watched her sip at her drink. Then, without even looking
  in my direction, &quot;Boy! Come here!&quot; She snapped, jabbing her finger
  downwards to the floor by her feet. 
Helplessly I did so, crawling on all-fours to where she sat, my will paralysed
  by her powerful personality and her iron conviction that I would obey. 
&quot;Sit!&quot; She ordered me. 
As if by instinct I sat, not in the normal manner a human being might adopt
  when sitting on the floor, but in a semi-kneeling position with my legs folded
  beneath me, my buttocks resting upon my heels, and my hands flat on the floor
  in front of my knees. Momentarily I wondered at how natural this stance felt
  to me, then Ms Howard spoke: 
&quot;Good boy!&quot; (Her voice was approving). &quot;Now; some ground rules.
  Your name shall be 'Boy'. You will stay on all-fours unless I, or one of my
  slaves, give you permission to do otherwise. You will not, of course, talk
  at any time, unless we allow you to by uttering the code word 'Answer!' Do
  you understand me, Boy? Answer!&quot; 
And with that she poked me painfully in the ribs with the sharp toe of her
  left shoe. 
&quot;Yes, Mistress!&quot; I replied humbly, some inner part of me amazed
  at the ease with which these words came to my tongue. 
&quot;See to it that you do!&quot; She snapped. &quot;And now, as I have a
  business meeting shortly, and I don't care to appear in dirty footwear, you
  will lick clean my shoes!&quot; 
She stretched out her feet, soles and uppers upmost, resting on their heels,
  upon the thick carpet. I remember that inwardly I was astonished both by my
  lack of of reaction to this outrageous command, and my unprotesting acceptance
  and obedience to it. Placing my fore-arms on either side of her left foot,
  I went down upon my elbows and began to lick her shoe, taking special care
  when my tongue approached the top lest my saliva contaminate her skin through
  her sheer stockings. I licked clean the sole too; her shoe was dusty rather
  than actually dirty - Ms Howard spent little time walking upon the plebian
  surfaces of roads and pavements; her shoes were more used to the plush carpets
  of her office, her car, and her mansion in the Home counties. 
I repeated this exercise with her right shoe; then sat back upon my haunches
  as before. 
&quot;Good Boy! Clever Boy!&quot; she exclaimed. &quot;I was right; You ARE
  a quick learner!....Sonia?&quot; 
&quot;Ma'am?&quot; came the quick reply from the next room. 
&quot; I shall go to my luncheon meeting now. Take Boy with you, make him
  complete the tests we have prepared for him, then shut him in the closet until
  I want him.&quot; 
Sonia's 'Very well, Ma'am!' came from close at hand, for she had entered the
  room immediately on receiving her Mistress's instructions. 
&quot;Boy! Go with Sonia.&quot; 
Sonia, for her part, stabbed a finger downward to a spot by her side and a
  little behind; I scrambled over to her and accompanied her on all fours out
  of Ms Howard's office into the scarcely less spacious one of her Personal Assistant. 
Though still elegantly furnished, and equally tastefully decorated, this room
  was far more obviously a place of business. Computers, printers, fax machines
  and various other electronic office equipment purred softly on work tables
  and desks. To use a nautical idiom, it seemed that if Ms Howard's room was
  a ship's Bridge; her P.A's was the Engine Room. Sonia took her seat, and peered
  over her desk at me where I crouched docilely on the floor. 
&quot;Boy!&quot; she said sharply. &quot;Go to that desk over there, and complete
  the forms you will find there. You may stand on your hind legs, and sit down
  in the desk-chair to do this. Bring them to me when you have finished.&quot; 
I rose to my feet and did as she told me, some part of my mind marvelling
  at my instant obedience. It was as if Ms Howard's self-confident control over
  me had been transferred smoothly to her P.A. in some mysterious and unfathomable
  manner. 
Be that as it may, a few seconds later found me seated at the designated desk,
  examining the small pile of documents before me. They were of the type familiar
  even to tyros as psychological tests: endless rows of seeming innocuous queries,
  each with its choice of boxes to be ticked in answer. I had already completed
  an inordinate number of them for the Human Resources Department of the very
  organization under whose roof I sat now, far more than I'd thought appropriate,
  in my innocence. I bent over my task, and in about thirty minutes, I carried
  the completed questionaires over to the waiting Sonia. 
&quot;Put them into that hopper,&quot; she instructed me, turning the monitor
  on the computer she'd indicated to me towards her. 
The machine clicked and whirred, the papers slid one by one into its waiting
  maw and were discarded into a tray beneath it. The legend 'Scan Over' came
  up on the monitor, and a menu appeared. 
&quot;Click 'Integrate with previous results' then 'Display',&quot; she told
  me. I did that, and the screen changed to display the message 'Compatability
  98.883 %'. She regarded it for a moment, then, after turning the monitor back
  to its previous position, began to type smoothly and expertly on the keyboard
  before her, the lines of type appearing on its slim monitor as if by magic. 
As I hadn't been told to do anything else, I stood patiently where I was,
  about four feet away and slightly to the rear of her right shoulder. Too far
  away to read what she was typing on the screen, I used the time to examine
  her surreptitiously. 
I was once again struck by her resemblance to her Mistress, or as much of
  her Mistress's appearance as I'd dared to look at at. Both were tall and dark;
  both slender but athletic in build. But Sonia was to Ms Howard as the Moon
  is to the Sun; a pale shadow of the latter's personality Still, she commanded
  me in the same self-confident way as her Mistress; and I obeyed in the same
  unquestioning manner. She wore a severely-cut suit of light of light tan with
  shoes of matching hue. Around her neck, resting on the base of her throat,
  was her single personal adornment. A solid gold ring, a quarter-inch thick
  it revolved freely around her neck as she moved her head. I had just remarked
  idly to myself that there seemed to be no catch or other visible means of removing
  it, when a telephone on Sonia's desk uttered a discreet purr. She pressed a
  button on a pad, and a voice spoke through an intercom. 
&quot;Sonia?&quot; 
The voice was that of Ms Howard. The following conversation ensued. 
&quot;Ma'am?&quot; 
&quot;I shall return at three o'clock. You may go for your lunch at whatever
  time you please. Has Boy completed those test papers?&quot; 
&quot;Thank you, Ma'am. Indeed he has, Ma'am; and the results now stand at
  nearly 99 per cent!&quot; 
&quot;Excellent news, Sonia! It seems our Human Resources Psychologists are
  almost as good as they keep telling me they are!&quot; 
&quot;Perhaps, Ma'am. But I think a great deal is down to you, and your pre-selection
  processing,&quot; Sonia protested loyally. 
Her Mistress chuckled affectionately &quot;Thank you, Sonia; my dear! Anyway,
  the bottom line is that Boy will be suitable, I believe.&quot; 
&quot;I feel sure he will, Ma'am,&quot; replied the P.A. Then: &quot;What
  shall I do with him until your return, Ma'am? Shall I feed him?&quot; 
&quot;No, no!&quot; came the casual reply. &quot;Just give him some water;
  then put him in the closet.&quot; 
With that Ms Howard rang off. Sonia turned at once to me. 
&quot;Boy! Down!&quot; Then: &quot;Sit!&quot; 
I dropped to all fours and, sitting in that strangely satisfying position
  I had adopted from the beginning, watched Sonia rummage through a cabinet and
  retrieve from it a large, shallow, metal dish. This she took into an adjoining
  room, from which I heard a brief sound of running water. She returned bearing
  the dish, which she placed carefully on her desk. Then, after taking up a newspaper
  and spreading it on the carpet before me, she put down the brimming dish in
  its centre. 
&quot;Drink!&quot; she commanded; and I needed no urging, for at the sight
  of water I was suddenly aware of a raging thirst. I lowered myself onto my
  elbows, my forearms at either side of the dish, in the same manner as in I'd
  cleaned Ms Howard's shoes, and sucked and slurped up the water noisily, my
  rump protruding indecorously upwards as I drank. 
As I drained the last drop, Sonia, who had been waiting with some impatience,
  made an abrupt gesture signalling me to follow. I walked on all-fours behind
  her through a side door and into a short corridor, which ended in another door.
  She took a key from her pocket, and opening this door, ushered me past her
  and into the space beyond. Closing and locking the door behind her, she left
  me to examine my new surroundings; I heard her faint, soft footsteps as she
  retreated. 
Still on all-fours, I looked about me. The space must have been once a continuation
  of the corridor, for it was the same width - about four feet - and the same
  height. There was not much to see; a carpeted floor about six feet long, then
  a further four feet ending in a blank wall. This end of the narrow room was
  floored with white ceramic tiles, which continued up the walls to the ceiling.
  In the centre of the tiled floor was a hole about four inches across, a barred
  grid set three inches into its interior. Occasional faint noises, as though
  of rushing waters, came from it, along with a distinct smell of sewage. 
I had just regained the carpeted section when, without warning, the light
  in its barred holder in the ceiling went off, leaving me in total darkness.
  With that odd philosophical acceptance of my condition which I'd noticed in
  myself since Ms Howards's first words to me, I laid myself down on the thick
  industrial floor covering. After only a few minutes of trying to get comfortable,
  I removed my shoes, and folded my jacket over them as a makeshift pillow, adding
  a little later my trousers to increase the height to a more comfortable height
  for my head. 
It was quite warm in the tiny room, and almost completely silent, and I soon
  dropped off into a heavy sleep. I recalled later waking up with a bursting
  bladder, and groping around on all-fours until I located the hole in the tiled
  section over which I squatted to relieve myself, after which I fell into a
  much lighter half-doze, half trance. 
A dazzling flood of light and the opening of the door brought me groggily
  awake, blinking upwards at the tall figure in the doorway. 
&quot;Boy!&quot; (the voice was Sonia's) &quot;Come!&quot; 
I began to scrabble together my discarded clothing. &quot;Leave that!&quot; she
  snapped, and led the way out along the short corridor and into her office.
  Pausing only to pick up a small package from her desk, she continued into the
  office of her Mistress with me meekly following on all-fours. Ms Howard herself
  awaited us, standing with one hip elegantly perched upon a corner of her desk.
  She regarded us lazily. 
&quot;Here he is, Ma'am!&quot; Sonia announced. 
&quot;Has he been obedient?&quot; 
&quot;Entirely, Ma'am&quot; 
The two tall, svelte women gazed down at me where I sat on the thick carpet
  before Ms Howard's desk. In my rumpled shirt and underwear, my hair sticking
  up wildly from my recent sleep, I knew I presented a ludicrous spectacle. 
&quot;Boy! Stand!&quot; ordered Ms Howard, distaste in her voice. Then: &quot;Take
  off those rags!&quot; 
Though this was the most outrageous ordeal she'd put me to, I obeyed mechanically
  and without protest or hesitation, my will totally under her control. 
I stood naked before their dispassionate eyes. They examined me as though
  I was some breed of animal they were about to purchase. Ms Howard turned to
  her P.A. 
&quot;Well, Sonia?&quot; 
&quot;A little scrawny, Ma'am!&quot; answered her PA critically. 
&quot;He'll soon put on muscle with the regime I have planned for him!.......Have
  Boy's accessories arrived, dear?&quot; 
Sonia indicated the package she'd brought in from her office. 
&quot;Open it, dear; and let us see what we have for him,&quot; said her Mistress,
  taking up her place behind her desk, and pulling on her thin gloves as she
  spoke. To me: &quot;Boy! Come here! Sit!&quot; 
I complied with alacrity, even remembering to drop to all-fours to do so,
  an action which earned me an absent pat on the head from her gloved hand. Sonia,
  meanwhile, had opened the package and spread its contents upon the desktop. 
I sat there quietly, an odd mixture of feelings churning in my mind. Outrage
  at my treatment mingled with wonder at how quickly and easily Ms Howard had
  taken over my will since we first met; apprehension about possible future events
  fought with an inexplicable, deeply seated, sense of trust and security. I
  obeyed her instructions puppet-like as she and Sonia 'dressed' me, as they
  put it, in the articles they took from the package. 
First, small padded leather mitts were pushed over my hand and secured at
  my wrists. Then, after Ms Howard had enquired of her PA whether the collar
  had been 'broken in' so that its newness would not chafe my neck and received
  the assurance that it had been worn by a dog for the last six months, her slim
  gloved fingers buckled it around my lowered neck. She ran a finger around between
  my skin and the smooth leather, and tested it for its ease of rotation around
  my neck Satisfied, she turned her attention to the remaining articles from
  the package. 
&quot;A leash, of course,&quot; I heard her say, &quot;and a muzzle. A whip
  for if he's naughty...And, look! a sweet little bell for his collar! Do put
  it on him, Sonia dear!&quot; 
Sonia's slim cool fingers attached the bell to the 'D' ring on my collar,
  where it tinkled softly at my every movement while her Mistress deftly placed
  the leather muzzle over my nose and jaws, buckling it securely at the back
  of my head. All this done, she sat back and regarded me with satisfaction. 
&quot;Do walk him about for a while, dear,&quot; she said. &quot;Let me see
  how he answers to his leash.&quot; 
Sonia clipped the leash to my collar. Dazed and uncomprehending, I felt a
  gentle tug at my neck and came off my haunches onto all-fours. Amother gentle
  tug, and I was walking docilely at the PA's side, automatically taking up a
  position with my head slightly in front of her knee, the skirt of her business
  suit brushing occasionally against my shoulder as we went and the bight of
  my leash lying across my near shoulder and down my flank, the bell on my collar
  sounding softly to mark our progress. 
She led me round the room a few times before halting before Ms Howard's desk
  where, unbidden, I sat back on my haunches by her side. 
&quot;Oh! Very good!&quot; Ms Howard said, rising from her seat and coming
  around her desk to join us. &quot;Give me his leash, dear!&quot; 
Taking it from her PA, she led me over to a corner hidden behind an elaborate
  Japanese screen. Pointing to it she said &quot;This shall be your corner, Boy!
  You shall go here when ordered, and stay until wanted. Now,&quot; (and she
  unclipped my leash as she spoke) &quot;Corner! Lie Down! Stay!&quot; 
I curled my self up on the floor and watched as she replaced the screen, obscuring
  my view of the rest of the room. Her conversation with her PA came clearly
  to my ears, though with many mysterious allusions which I did not fully understand
  until much later. 
&quot;We shall finish for the day shortly, dear. Tell Mrs. Marshall she may
  go home! Oh, and ask them to serve tea at four o'clock. For three.&quot; 
&quot;For three, Ma'am?&quot; Sonia queried. 
&quot;Yes; I forgot to tell you. Charlotte is taking tea with me, and you
  shall join us. Ring down to Security and get them to admit her and Jeremy.&quot; 
&quot;Jeremy, Ma'am?&quot; enquired her PA in confusion. 
Her Mistress laughed merrily. 
&quot;Of course; you haven't met him yet - nor have I, for that matter! I'm
  told she bought him in Tangier a couple of months ago for a body-slave. She's
  very pleased with him; he helps her in her toilette to perfection, she says.&quot; 
&quot;A male body-slave, Ma'am?!&quot; the scandalized Sonia asked in amazement. &quot;She
  allows a MALE to attend her in her bedroom and at her bath?&quot; 
&quot;Don't concern yourself, dear!&quot; Ms Howard chuckled. &quot;Jeremy's
  maleness is now - how shall I put it? - genetic only!&quot; 
&quot;You mean?..........Oh; I see!&quot; Sonia exclaimed in relief. &quot;Was
  he like that when she bought him at the slave market?&quot; 
&quot;No, dear. She had him gelded by Annette herself when she brought Jeremy
  back to this country.&quot; 
&quot;Annette would have enjoyed that!&quot; laughed Sonia. &quot;With her
  views on the male sex!&quot; 
&quot;Yes indeed, dear. But she's not terribly happy with Charlotte taking
  a male slave - and a male body-slave at that! She's intent on bringing it up
  at the next Sisterhood meeting.&quot; 
&quot;And you yourself, Ma'am?&quot; enquired Sonia anxiously of her Mistress. &quot;You
  fear no sanctions against you because of Boy?&quot; 
A hint of steel was in Ms Howard's voice as she replied. 
&quot;No Sister, individually or collectively, will tell me what to do with
  my own property! But it may not come to that, dear. I do not intend to use
  Boy as my slave. Now come; let us complete these takeover documents in your
  office.&quot; 
I heard them leave, and the door between the two offices close behind them.
  Curled up on the floor I felt entirely comfortable, not only bodily - for the
  carpet was soft and the room warm - but, amazingly, in my mind too. No matter
  that somewhere a faint voice was screaming in warning and outrage that I was
  in reality naked, collared, muzzled, and ordered into a corner like a dog,
  my over-whelming feeling was of contentment; of belief that this was my natural
  and normal condition, my real raison d'etre. I mused on Ms Howard, and how
  easily she had enslaved me. Was it her assertive femininity, her matter-of-fact
  iron conviction that I would obey her, that had demolished my will in those
  first few minutes? Or was something, up to now unsuspected, that had lain in
  my psychological make-up all my life and had seized the chance of responding
  to her powerful will? Whatever the reason, I found myself perfectly content
  with her total dominion over me; indeed I had become desirous of pleasing her
  above everything else. There and then, in my mind I began to refer to her as
  Her, and as my Mistress. 
I must have fallen into a light doze, for I was brought fully awake by the
  sound of Sonia's soft footsteps crossing the room. She opened the door to the
  outer office admitting what I construed as two people; waiters, probably, for
  I heard her instruct them to lay the table in the 'Conversation Area' and thank
  them as they left. Immediately afterwards Ms Howard came in, and the two ladies
  took their seats at the tea-table where they conversed in low tones for a few
  minutes before my Mistress called me to Her. 
I ran instantly to Her, and She instructed me to lie at Her feet where She
  put Her feet upon me with a sigh of relief. Her high, sharp, narrow heels dug
  painfully into my ribs as She shifted position. But occasionally I caught the
  faint scent of Her perfume, and that was reward enough. 
Only a few minutes later there came a knock on the outer door. Sonia opened
  it to the two people who entered. One was a large, billowing lady 'of a certain
  age', expansive, out-going and wilful. The other was a young man about my own
  age; slender and slight of build, he wore a beautifully tailored suit in a
  subdued grey, and carried a battered leather attache case. The lady, after
  greeting Ms Howard effusively, took her seat with evident relief. The young
  man, her companion, stood respectfully by her side, his eyes lowered. 
&quot;So this is your slave?&quot; asked my Mistress, eying him with curiousity. 
&quot;Yes, this is Jeremy,&quot; came the careless reply. &quot;He can't understand
  us; and he can't talk - the stable has the vocal chords of all their slaves
  cut at early stage in their training. I have to use this simple sign language.&quot; 
The lady turned to him and made a complicated gesture. Jeremy, with a total
  lack of any sign of selfconsciousness, at once began to disrobe before our
  eyes. He seemed to be wearing very little; under his thin suit, which he folded
  carefully, was only his shirt and socks. He wore in lieu of underwear only
  a short, white skirt, ending mid-thigh, and trimmed with gold thread. After
  placing his clothing in a corner, he removed from the attache case a pair of
  thin white sandals in the like colour scheme which he donned on the spot. Then
  he took out a gold trimmed, white collar and crossed to his mistress where
  he knelt, proffering the collar to her in his outstretched hands. She took
  it from him and buckled it around his neck, ordered him to stand, and regarded
  him proudly. 
&quot;Isn't he sweet?&quot; she said dotingly. 
At a sign from her, he rotated slowly in our view. Jeremy was, as I had seen,
  of below middle height, and of slender build. He had a mop of curly black hair,
  and smooth, light-olive skin; the latter marred only by a pattern of fading
  red welts across his upper back Ms Howard indicated these, and asked for an
  explanation. 
&quot;Oh!&quot; said Her friend languidly. &quot; I had to beat him the other
  night because he dropped my lipstick while putting on my make-up. My dear;
  it had carpet-fluff on it!.....But enough about my posessions; what about your..er..
  slave?&quot; And she pointed at me, lying under my Mistress's feet. 
My Mistress dug me playfully in the small of the back with the toe of Her
  shoe. 
&quot;Oh! Boy isn't my slave!&quot; She said lightly. &quot;I haven't made
  up my mind what work to put him to. I may keep him as a pet; or I may use him
  as a draught animal on my estate. My house and yard slaves have to carry in
  from the forest every log we burn: I think it would be more efficient to get
  a cart for him to pull. And there will be other beast-work for him there. But
  please, dear; help yourself to the food. Pour the tea, Sonia; would you?&quot; 
&quot;Annette will not be pleased when she finds out that another of us has
  taken male property,&quot; remarked Her friend, taking a sandwich. &quot;Though
  she was pleased enough when I took Jeremy to her for his operation. She enjoyed
  doing it, I can tell you! My dear, I had to make an appointment, and sit in
  her waiting room along with all the other people with their pets! Dogs, cats,
  hamsters; a real menagerie!&quot; 
My Mistress chuckled at the image Her friend's words conjured up. Charlotte
  continued: &quot;We had to wait AGES! But when we did get into her surgery,
  I was impressed. A Vet is almost like a doctor, dear; every thing was very
  clean, and Annette was quite gentle with poor Jeremy. I'm sure it didn't hurt
  him, and he's much better off without his nasty, dangling male bits; aren't
  you, dear?&quot; 
She ran her fingers through her slave's curly hair; he responded by nuzzling
  her hand with his lips. The three women then changed the subject to accounts
  of the doings of various friends and acquaintances. I tuned it out; my thoughts
  were only of food. I was very hungry, having not eaten since the previous evening,
  and the sight of them eating, dainty and insubstantial though their fare was,
  was enough to make my stomach clamour for my attention. Jeremy, I noticed,
  followed with his eyes every morsel his Mistress raised to her mouth; he too
  was hungry. 
Their meal finished, the women sat back replete. Jeremy nuzzled his Mistress's
  hand, and whined softly for her attention. 
&quot;What is it, dear?&quot; she asked, turning towards him. 
In reply he pointed at his mouth, and made chewing motions. 
&quot;You poor boy!&quot; she cried. She turned to Ms Howard. &quot;The poor
  child's hungry; I forgot to feed him this morning in my rush!..May I, dear?&quot; And
  she indicated the uneaten remains of their feast. 
&quot;Of course! Sonia will do that....Sonia!&quot; 
The PA collected the debris together on a large plate, and placed it before
  Charlotte. Jeremy eyed it hungrily, but his mistress hesitated, then spoke
  to Ms Howard. 
&quot;Should Boy have some,dear?&quot; 
My Mistress stirred lazily in Her chair, Her heels digging painfully into
  my flesh. 
&quot;Why not?&quot; She said languidly. &quot;Sonia!&quot; 
But before Her PA could obey, Charlotte broke in. 
&quot;Oh, don't trouble Sonia, dear! Jeremy shall feed him as he eats; half
  and half!&quot; 
My Mistress laughed. She took Her feet from me, and bade me sit. Indicating
  Charlotte, she ordered me to 'Go to the lady!' I trotted over to Her friend's
  chair and sat expectantly before her. She made a series of gestures to Jeremy,
  who finally nodded sulkily, then shot me a glance of pure hatred before sitting
  cross-legged on the floor. He stretched out an arm towards me, and pointed
  to a spot by his side. Wondering, I took up my new position. With deft fingers
  he removed my muzzle, and his Mistress put down the plate of left-over food
  before him. 
&quot;Now, Jeremy; be good, and let the dog have half!&quot; she cautioned
  him. 
He nodded sulkily again, then took up a sandwich crust and put it in his mouth.
  Chewing, he picked up another and offered it to me held fastidiously between
  his finger tips. I took it neatly in my lips and began to chew voraciously.
  He continued in this way, share and share alike, although I noticed he kept
  the choicest morsels to himself. 
&quot;Aren't they sweet!&quot; cooed his mistress. &quot;Jeremy usually shares
  his meals with my dear little doggy Foo-Foo, and they both have their little
  beds in my bedroom. They get on so well together, though they get jealous if
  they think I'm paying too much attention to one of them instead of the other!&quot; 
&quot;Do you take him with you everywhere, Ma'am?&quot; enquired Sonia. 
&quot;Everywhere I can, though I do have to leave him at home frequently,
  poor boy.&quot; 
&quot;How does he get on with your other slaves, Ma'am?&quot; 
&quot;I'm afraid they bully him a little, particularly my Class Four slave.
  I keep him in a cage in her shed when I'm away, and I'm sure she doesn't look
  after him properly, for he's usually very dirty and hungry when I come back.
  But she does have a lot to do, and no spare time at all; and he IS only a male
  slave!&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; my Mistress said thoughtfully, &quot;I can see that any male
  slave must rank below the lowest female Grade; and I expect that Annette and
  her faction will insist upon all males being kept caged or chained up when
  not under the direct supervision of females.&quot; 
&quot;If they agree to Sisters taking male slaves at all, my dear! Well, I
  don't care; I shall keep my Jeremy whatever they say!&quot; 
Jeremy meanwhile had emptied the plate; with unexpected generosity he placed
  it on the floor before me and watched as I licked up the crumbs remaining before
  replacing my muzzle. Then he and I sat quietly side by side through the ensuing
  spirited conversation; he cross-legged, I in the dog-like fashion I'd adopted
  so easily, my heels beneath my buttocks and my paws on the floor between my
  knees. 
Finally his mistress seemed about to take her leave. Jeremy looked towards
  her and uttered a subdued gurgling sound. 
&quot;Oh dear!&quot; said Charlotte. &quot;May Jeremy visit the loo? And have
  a drink of water?&quot; 
&quot;Of course, dear!&quot; laughed my Mistress. &quot;And he may take Boy
  too; it will save Sonia the trouble later! Where is Boy's leash, dear?&quot; 
&quot;On your desk, Ma'am,&quot; replied Sonia, rising to get it. 
&quot;Please don't bother, dear! Jeremy shall fetch it!&quot; said Charlotte. 
Turning to her attentive slave, she made a series of gestures; after which
  he rose lithely to his feet and trotted over to Ms Howard's desk, to return
  with my leash in his hand. Again his mistress gestured; he nodded, then knelt
  to clip the leash to my collar. He rose and gave it a gentle tug. 
Obediently, without resistance or resentment, I rose to my four feet and followed,
  automatically taking position close to his near leg so that the skin of his
  lower thigh occasionally brushed abainst my flank. Vaguely I wondered briefly
  about my easy acceptance of my condition: how had it become to seem so natural
  to me to be led, naked and on all fours, on a leash? Why was I obeying a gelded
  slave in so docile a fashion? But before I could pursue this line of thought
  further Jeremy had led me into the PA's office where he tied my leash to the
  handle of a substantial filing cabinet. I watched as he entered the narrow
  room where I'd been recently confined; there he squatted unconcernedly in full
  view over the hole in the tiled section of the floor to empty his bladder.
  He returned to me, and led me over to the hole to do likewise. He re-tethered
  me before opening a cabinet and taking from it a large bottle of mineral water.
  He drank copiously. His thirst satisfied, he stared down at me for a moment.
  Finally he shrugged his shoulders, retrieved an old newpaper from the waste-paper
  basket, and spread it on the floor before me. Removing my muzzle, he watered
  me from his cupped hand; a surprisingly efficient and neat operation. Replete,
  I turned my head away. He replaced the bottle, and picked up and discarded
  the newspaper. Then he led me back to our respective Mistress's. 
Charlotte was on her feet, making her goodbyes to her hostess. Jeremy handed
  my leash to Sonia before hurriedly dressing and accompanying his mistress,
  still swearing her undying friendship, from the room. 
&quot;Well!&quot; said my Mistress, with mock weariness. &quot;Dear Charlotte
  can be so tiring!&quot; 
&quot;But bold,&quot; replied Her PA thoughtfully, &quot;taking on a male
  slave before the Sisters have given their permission!&quot; 
&quot;Bah!&quot; her mistress said carelessly. &quot;Charlotte will come to
  no harm for it. She has no political ambitions in the Sisterhood - unlike me!
  But we shall see,&quot; She went on; &quot;Now I have to think of a way of
  getting Boy home. I don't want him in the boot of the Rolls in case he fouls
  it on the way back.&quot; 
&quot;He seems housetrained,&quot; ventured Her PA uncertainly. 
&quot;Maybe he is!&quot; rejoined Ms Howard. &quot;But I wouldn't trust his
  training unlesss I'd trained him myself! Now.......how on earth are we to get
  him home?&quot; 
The two women stood deep in thought, with me sittting patiently on my leash
  by Sonia's side. 
&quot;Ah! I've an idea!&quot; Sonia exclaimed. 
&quot;Do go on, dear!&quot; said my Mistress eagerly. 
&quot;I'll ring Annette to ask if we can borrow her dog-van - she's bound
  to be finished with it by now. Then I'll ring home, and tell Veronica to tell
  Millie to take the Renault over to Annette's, pick up the van, and meet us
  here. Then she can take Boy home in the back of the dog-van.&quot; 
&quot;Dear Sonia; you are a genius! What time is it, anyway?&quot; 
&quot;Five o'clock, Ma'am,&quot; replied Her flattered PA. 
&quot;Better make it for six, then. Millie can easily be here by then.&quot; 
&quot;Very good, Ma'am!&quot; 
Sonia passed my leash to her mistress and left us, presumably to make the
  arrangements. My Mistress stood for a little in thought; then, without ceremony,
  She turned and walked back to Her desk. I followed Her meekly around the enormous
  desk to where She pulled out Her luxurious 'Executive' chair from the large
  kneehole it had been pushed into. She let go of my leash and, unbidden, I walked
  into the large space below the desk and curled up on the floor. She sat, rolled
  Her chair forward on its castors, and placed Her feet upon my flank. I lay
  there in perfect contentment, listening to the rustle of the papers She was
  working on above me. 
Comfortable and alert, I had leisure to consider the day's events. Was it
  only seven hours since I'd first met Ms Howard? In that short time She'd annhilated
  my will; She had succeeded, with casual ease, into making me into Her play-thing.
  So successful had She been that, even in so short time, I was not just her
  willing creature; there was no question of my will being engaged; I accepted
  Her treatment of me, and obeyed Her (and indeed all others, as recently with
  Jeremy) not because I wanted to, but because I could no longer even entertain
  the very notion of disobedience. And I didn't care! Ms Howard had become my
  Goddess; I idolized Her and trusted Her implicitly; though She had not demanded
  my adulation or my trust. She had simply, in Her iron self confidence, assumed
  it, and before Her steely certainty I was helpless. 
My thoughts were broken into by the arrival of Sonia. 
&quot;Millie has arrived, Ma'am,&quot; she announced to her Mistress. &quot;I've
  told her to reverse up to the door of the lift and have the van door open ready.&quot; 
&quot;Thank you, my dear,&quot; said Ms Howard in reply. &quot;We may as well
  go now.&quot; 
She picked up my leash and rose. Together the two left the office suite by
  way of a door from Sonia's room which led onto a sofly-lit, sumptuously-carpeted
  corridor. Our Mistress led the way; I at Her side, and Sonia bringing up the
  rear, to the end of the passage where the discreet door of a small lift stood
  invitingly open. We entered in the same order; there was not much room for
  three, and Sonia's skirt brushed continually against my muzzled face and shoulders
  during our descent as I sat in the corner by my Mistress's side. 
The lift came to halt, and the door opened onto an indoor carpark. But this
  was no ordinary such construction; small and discreetly-lit, no oily concrete
  formed this floor, but soft composition tiles, clean and laid in pleasing patterns,
  lay under the two vehicles present. 
My attention was fixed upon the van parked immediately in front of us; a small
  van of the Ford Escort variety, its rear doors stood open - as did the barred
  door of the cage in its dark interior. 
Beside it, her head bowed respectfully, stood a small middle-aged woman, dressed
  in sombre, even dowdy, clothing. Ms Howard passed my leash to her. 
&quot;Put Boy in his cage, Millie,&quot; She instucted her, &quot;and go.
  We'll follow and meet you at the 'Plough' where we'll all have a drink celebrating
  my new acquisition!&quot; 
&quot;Thank you indeed, Ma'am!&quot; exclaimed the small woman. To me she
  ordered &quot;Boy! Cage!&quot; and all three watched as I scrambled up into
  the van and into the small cage. Millie closed and bolted the cage door, then
  the rears doors of the van, leaving me in a darkness relieved only by what
  light the deeply-tinted rear windows allowed through. 
I heard the driver's door open and close, and the engine start. The van drove
  off into the early spring evening, lurching and bumping over the road surface
  on its hard, load-carrying suspension. The cage I was in extended the full
  width, though not the full length, of the vehicle; it was about four feet long
  and five feet wide, its far side a sheet of steel plate sealing it off from
  the driver's cabin. The whole interior smelt strongly of dogs, and the only
  coverings on the steel floor were lengths of smelly, coarse sacking, damp with
  urine and worse. Miserably, I curled up on this, and tried to ignore my surroundings
  and wait in patience for the end of my journey. The thought came to my mind
  that only eight hours ago I had entered this building a fully-fledged and fully
  accepted human being; regarded and treated as such; now I was leaving it as
  an animal - in a cramped, smelly cage; naked and muzzled, collared and leashed.
  Where I being taken I did not know; my Owner had not, of course, seen any need
  to tell me. Nor did I know in what conditions I would stay there - except that
  I knew already that my Mistress had a deep contempt for my sex. As a male,
  I was an inferior animal to be kept in some cage or sty, or to be kept chained
  to some post or kennel to control my natural crassness and crudity. And I didn't
  care. 
Continued as 'The Taming of Boy'. 
I expect that I must have fallen asleep, for I was woken by the van lurching
  to a halt. Millie, its driver, left her seat. Slamming and locking the door
  behind her, I heard her footsteps ringing out on the hard surface as she walked
  away. I raised myself as much as the cage would allow to see out of the rear
  windows but was able to see little through the darkened glass, only the shadowy
  outlines of parked vehicles. Far to the left there were lights, warm and mellow
  in the darkness. It was cold in the cage, and I lay back down on the damp,
  smelly sacking. Recalling my Mistress's remark about stopping at a pub to celebrate
  I imagined Her sitting in the warm cozy interior with Her two slaves. As for
  me - well, I was only a dog, left outside in the cold darkness until they saw
  fit to return. I resented this not at all; it seemd by now perfectly natural
  to be treated like this, and I fell off into an uneasy doze until the sound
  of Millie's returning footsteps woke me. 
How long I spent in my dark lurching, swaying steel prison I shall never know,
  but I was heartily glad when we came at last to a halt. When the doors of the
  van were opened I was dazzled by the light. The cage door was opened, and a
  bare, brawny hand seized my leash and dragged me out. I was made to descend
  from the van, an awkard task necessitating me turning around and getting down
  feet first, and I found myself on all-fours on hard-packed earth, icy cold
  under my knees. A hand was gripping my collar firmly, but my eyes had become
  adjusted to the light, and I could see that I was in a large open space surrounded
  by the darkened bulk of various buildings. I was aware of the tall, slender
  figures of my Mistress and Her PA a few feet from me, and I could see the dumpy
  shape of Her slave Millie nearby. All I could make out of the person holding
  my collar was a pair of bare and muscular legs shod in thick sandals. 
My Mistress's voice rang out clearly in the cold air. 
'Put him in with Sheba in her run, Bessie; he shall learn proper behaviour
  from her. Chain him too; he shall begin his training tomorrow. Millie, tell
  Cook I shall dine in thirty minutes!' 
With that She walked off with Sonia, Millie bringing up the rear. My handler
  - whose name I had just learnt was Bessie - released her iron grip on my collar,
  but only to shift her hold low down on my leash, and it was thus that I was
  led out of the large yard and through an archway into a much smaller one. 
This was much dimmer, lit only by a soft lamp above a wide wooden door at
  the head of three broad steps, and the flickering glow of an oil lamp seen
  through the tiny window of a small outhouse opposite. Half led, half dragged,
  I was taken into a tall shadowy barred enclosure smelling strongly of dog and
  across that up to a low opening in the stone wall. A low growl came from within
  as Bessie stooped to retrieve the end of a chain from the ground and clip it
  to my collar. 'Stay, Sheba!' she snapped. The growl stopped, and I heard the
  sound of a heavy body lie down on rustling straw. Bessie took off my leash
  and walked away, leaving me on all-fours staring after her as she closed and
  barred the door which was the only exit from the enclosure. 
I stood still, shocked and indecisive for several seconds until the spell
  was broken by the noise of straw rustling and of deep, heavy breathing as something
  large roused itself from its bed beyond the dark opening and came forth. It
  was an enormous dog, and I stood paralysed in terror as it rammed its cold
  damp nose into my crotch and armpits. It sniffed me thoroughly all over before
  giving me a rough lick on my shoulder and walkng slowly a few feet away to
  lower its massive head into what I could dimly discern was lage plastic bowl.
  It lapped noisily for some seconds before lifting its head, shaking the excess
  water from its muzzle and retreating back whence it had come. 
The prospect of a drink gripped me like a vice. I was suddenly aware of my
  terrible thirst, and I scrambled over to the bowl where I could see about an
  inch of water at the bottom. There was only one way to drink from it, and I
  did, lowering my head into it and lapping and sucking at the water until it
  was all gone. There was a another urgent need. I walked away, my chain scraping
  across the ground and urinated between my knees. Afterwards I walked back to
  the opening where I stood in hesitation. But it was cold, and I knew there
  was straw in there. I could hardly remain outside all night, so I summoned
  up my courage and entered timidly, ready to flee at the first sign of opposition
  from the dog. But it remained quiet, and in the end I curled up next to it,
  my head resting upon one of its massive haunches and fell asleep. 
The dog woke me by rising to its feet and leaving the kennel, stepping daintily
  aroiund me despite its bulk. It was a grey dawn outside, and I saw the dog
  squat - for it was a bitch, I noticed at last - and urinate noisily before
  sitting by the bars of its run to look out into the yard in obvious expectation.
  My own bladder was full, and the withdrawal of the warmth of the the dog's
  body made it impossible for me to fall asleep again, so I followed its example.
  Avoiding the strong-smelling and still steaming pool it had left on the hard
  ground, I added my own a few feet away, the dog turning its head to watch with
  indifference. 
I was able to examine the place where i was being kept. It was, as I'd seen,
  a barred enclosure with walls eight feet high. It was a full twenty feet long
  and twelve feet high and its hard-packed earthen floor was littered with the
  dog's large turds. I wondered what the dog was expecting, and would have gone
  to sit by it to share its warmth, but my chain was only six feet long; far
  too short to allow me to reach the bars. I looked up at the sky; if I was to
  be kept in the open air like this then the weather would be of prime importance
  to me as to any animal kept out of doors. The sky was an unbroken light grey,
  and the red glow of the rising sun was just visible. It was cold but windless,
  and the weather looked as if it would remain dry. 
The dog gave an excited yelp. I turned to see a stocky figure approaching
  us on the other side of the bars. Clad in only a coarse sleeveless sacking
  garment, sandals, and a thick leather collar about her neck, this was evidently
  Bessie, the slave who had led me into here last night. She was carrying two
  buckets, and when she entered our cage the reason for the dog's excitement
  became apparent, for she walked over to the two large plastic dogbowls which
  held our food and water and poured the contents of her buckets into them before
  leaving our enclosure and bolting the door behind her. 
Sheba had her head down, noisily snuffling away in the foodbowl. When I ventured
  to approach, she turned her heavy head and snarled at me menacingly. I bellied
  down in submission and watched her eat and drink, my empty stomach screaming
  at me for sustenance. 
Finally she finished, after giving me a minatory glance, she trotted into
  the kennel and lat down to sleep off her meal. Humbly, I crawled over to the
  bowls to see what she had left for me. There was plenty of water, which was
  good for I was very thirsty. I drank deeply before turning my attention to
  the food bowl. It had obviously contained scraps of raw and cooked vegetables,
  and the remains of the dinners served to my Lady and her slaves the previous
  night, and a large tin of dogfood had been stirred into it. There had been
  bones it too, but those had been nibbled clean of meat, and most of the dogfood
  eaten by Sheba, and all the meat scraps with it. But she had left the raw vegetable
  scraps; potato peels, carrot scrapings, cabbage stalks and the like, and most
  of the cooked vegetables too, and I was able to fill my belly to repletion. 
Having eaten all I could, I licked my lips and rubbed fragments of food from
  face with my forearms. it was still cold, though not as cold as earlier, and
  I followed the dog's example and went back into our kennel. There I found her
  lying on her side in sleep, her fore and hindlegs at right angles to her trunk,
  and I snuggled between them, my back up against her warm, furry belly. She
  snorted in her sleep and place a massive front leg over my neck, pinning me
  to her. Then we slept. 
Sheba woke me in unceremonious fashion some time later, hauling her great
  body upright and trotting outside. Rolling onto my belly, I looked out of the
  kennel entrance. It was much warmer now that the sun had come out and after
  a few minutes I rose to all-fours and crawled from the kennel out into the
  sunlight. I sat at the end of my chain and looked out through the bars to see
  Bessie cross the yard and mount the broad steps to the big wooden door. It
  opened when she reached it and Millie passed out a tin plate and mug. Bessie
  took them and sat on the top step to eat, her back to the open door from which
  came delicious cooking smells. 
I realized with a shock that it was still the early morning to the residents
  of the house and I wondered for a moment if my Mistress was even awake yet.
  Perhaps She was, perhaps a slave was even now running Her bath while another
  laid out the stylish garments she would wear afterwards. I bent my head and
  began to lick my upper arm; there would be no bath for me, and no clothing
  either, while instead of a dainty breakfast eaten from Wedgewood china with
  silver cutlery I'd already been fed on scraps and leftovers from a plastic
  bucket. I felt no resentment at this contrast, I'd almost forgotten that only
  twenty-four hours ago I'd been setting out for the interview that was to change
  my life forever as a human being, upright and clothed, and free to go where
  I wished. Now I was naked, crouched on my haunches in a dog's run, chained
  by my neck to the entrance to the kennel I shared with it, and this was perfectly
  right and proper. 
# 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jan311648


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





