BDSM Library - Female Domination Games




Female Domination Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and daughter are transformed into slavery by her daughter friend and mother.
Female Domination Games

Catharine was finished doing the dishes.  Her daughter Sandy had just came home
from the mall with her new friend Linda and doing things in the bedroom.  She
didn't really approve of Linda much.  She seem to be part of a gang and had a
bad attitude; always bossing Sandy around.  Sometimes she just wanted too slap
that kid.  As she hung up the towels, she decided to go up and see if the girls
wanted some cookies.  She walked up the stairs and saw the door slightly jarred
so she peeked inside to make sure she didn't interrupt something.

She saw Linda standing bend over with her arms on the back of the bed.  Her
pants were down too her ankles in back and she saw her daughter on her knees
behind her with her face in her ass.  She was shocked at the sight as she heard
Linda tell her to do a better job or she tell her mother she was her slave whip
her ass in front of her.  Linda was pleading in back between the mounds as
Catharine watched on and she heard her daughter sounds in Linda ass.  She knew
she should walk in and tell both of them off but her legs just wouldn't move. 
She had fantasies of this herself on many occasions and now she was seeing it in
right in front of her eyes and her own daughter.  Her own pussy was getting wet
watching wishing it were her down there behind her.

Slut, bend over and prepare your ass for a whipping.

Linda got down on her face and knees with her ass pointed towards the door as
Catharine gasped at the sight of her daughter ass.  Linda bent down and started
slapping her ass globes as Sandy started counting the spanks between ouch and
thanking her.  She watched her ass turning pink as Linda ferociously slapped
them without regards to how much they hurt.  Her ass was moving from side to
side as Catharine reached down and started rubbing her own pussy watching them.

Crawl around and bark slut.  If you please me, I'll let you lick my pussy
tonight.

Sandy started crawling and barking with her rosy ass wigging in back as
Catharine started rubbing her pussy harder.  She was watching so hard she didn't
even notice Linda who was now looking at the door.  She immediately stop and
walked away as fast as she could hoping Linda didn't see her as she went back
down the stairs in the kitchen.  Her own pussy was soaking wet as she got a cup
of coffee and sat at the table trying to maintain her composure and the events
she had witness.  After a couple of sips, she saw Linda at the kitchen door.

Would you care for a cookie and coffee, she offered, trying not to show any
emotion.

Not really said Linda taking a seat at the table.  I saw you playing with your
pussy after I spanked your daughter.  She's such a slut.  Like her mother I
suppose.

Catharine turned red at the words.   How dare this girl talk to her this way and
especially about her daughter?  She was about to say something when Linda
continued.

And to think, her mother was playing with her pussy the whole time she was being
punished.   That makes you more a slut than her.  I'm going to enjoy spanking
your ass.

Catharine was steaming but wet between her legs at the words.

I suggest you go home right now young lady before I call your mother and tell
her what you were doing here.

She already knows.  Besides she likes to spank her too.  Now be a good little
girl and stand up and remove your clothing.  It going to be a lot harder if I
have get up and remove them myself.

Out of my house now, Catharine yelled standing up.

Linda got up from the chair and before Catharine saw it coming slapped her hard
across the face.  As she gripped the side of her jaw, she felt a sharp pain
between her legs as she realized that she had just kicked her between them and
she reached down immediately grabbing her sore pussy.  As she bent over, Linda
grabbed her hair and gripping it tightly started hitting her face with her other
hand as she reached up to try to protect it only to feel another kick between
her legs and then a push back knocking her on her back on the floor.  She didn't
even have time to react as Linda jumped on top of her stomach with full force
and started slapping her face as she fought feverously trying to protect it.

Give up bitch.  I can do this all night.

Catharine was crying from the pain and humiliation.  Her attempts to ward off
the blows were futile as she hadn't worked out in years and this kid was in
excellent condition.  She knew she couldn't take any more as she felt like her
hold jaw was swelling up.

Yes, she whispered.

Louder slut.  Tell me you're my bitch and whore.

Yes.  I'm your bitch and whore, she yelled.

Linda got up and went back to her chair.

Stay on your back slut.  Pull your dress up and your panties to your knees. 
Play with yourself.

Catharine still crying raised her dress too her waist and lowered her panties to
her knees.  She was totally humiliated as she reached between her legs and
started rubbing her pussy with her hand.

Much better, said Linda.  Now spread your legs so I can see that hairy pussy of
yours getting wet for your mistress.

Catharine knew she was getting wet at the humiliation and spread her legs.  She
had always wanted this but never dared to try it.  She spread her legs as wide
as the panties allowed and started stroking harder.  The pain was now gone and
the need to get off was present.

Stop slut.  Raise your legs above your head.  I want to see that fat ass of
yours, I'm going to spank.

Catharine quit stroking her cunt and raised her legs as far back over her head
as she could.  She knew her ass was exposed to the young girl who probably had a
clear view of her asshole as well.  She watched her approached and then saw her
crouch behind her.  She didn't have to wait long as she felt the first slap on
her ass as she yelp from the pain.

Count bitch.

One, she yelled as another slap hit her ass.  Two.  Three.  She kept counting as
the slaps continued and the pain in her ass was getting worst.    Maintaining
her count she started pleading with the girl by the fifteenth and kept going too
the 30th when she finally broke down in tears.

Linda sensing she had broken her got up and returned to her chair.

Stand up whore and remove all your clothes.

Shamelessly, Catharine got up and started removing her clothes.  She stood there
totally naked in front of the girl like a dog awaiting its next command.

Crawl here and suck my toes cunt.  You better do well or I'll spank that hairy
ass of yours again.

Catharine got down on her hands and knees and crawled forth.  Reaching her
mistress feet she started placing the toes in her mouth sucking on them.  She
heard Linda say good little doggie as she alternated on her toes taking each
into her mouth and sucking them like little cocks.  Her pussy was dripping wet
in back as she wagged her ass while sucking on them.

Does slut want to lick my ass?

Yes mistress, Catharine moaned from beneath her.

Linda got up and getting on her knees in the chair reached back and lifted her
skirt over her waist presenting a clear view of her ass and anus too Catharine
face.

What are you waiting for slut?  Eat my shit.

Catharine got on her knees and started worshipping her mounds, running her
tongue all over them and then working her way in between.  She had forgotten
about her daughter and everything else as she had only one thing in her mind
right now and that was pleasing her mistress.  She found her asshole and started
lapping it and then working her tongue inside.  She used it as a cock pushing it
in and out as she heard Linda moaning above her.

She heard Linda yell.  Did you do what I told you to do?

Yes mistress, she heard her own daughter say as she continued tonguing Linda
asshole in back.

She said she'd be over shortly mistress and to get our fannies warm for her.

Tell your slut mommy to lick my ass, slut and spank that fat ass of hers.  She
better do a better job than this or both of you will get it.

Catharine felt Sandy on her side and then a hard slap across her ass.  Lick her
ass slut.  Lick harder.

Cathie increased her effort driving her tongue deeper and deeper as the slaps
continued on her ass and her daughter yelling obscene words at her.  Linda
finally pushed her head back and lowered her skirt and looked down at her.

Poor performance for a slut, she said.  Your daughter can do better than that. 
Slut, she yelled at Sandy, bring me three cloth pins from the laundry.

Sandy ran and got two pins and gave them to Linda.

Linda grabbed Catharine right tit and pulled it out and pinched the pin on her
nipple as Catharine gasped from the pain.  Grabbing the other, she did the same
thing.  As she reached down, Catharine knew what was coming next and started
begging her not to.  Linda pinched her pussy clit outward and attached the third
pin as she yelled out in pain.

Domination Games IV

Get on your hands and knees bitch.

Catharine slowly got her hands and knees as the pain in her pussy was starting
to hurt badly.

Bring me the mop, she told Sandy.

Sandy came back with the mop as Catharine remained in position wondering what
was going to happen next.

Spread your mother big ass slut.

Catharine knew then and started pleading to do better as she felt Sandy hands in
back pulling her ass cheeks wide apart and then the handle of the mop at her
asshole.  She screamed out as she felt it push in her asshole at least two
inches and felt like her ass was being stretch wide open.  The pain was horrible
at first and it was a good thing she was already wet in back or it would have
split her for sure.

Linda told Sandy to get up and gave her the other end of the mop.

Your mother is going to crawl like a good little puppy and you're going to keep
this in her ass while she does it unless you want it in yours.  If she slows
down push her with it and I'm sure she will get moving again.

Catharine was begging as she felt the handle push deeper in her asshole and
started crawling on all fours.  She didn't know what hurt the most, the clamps
or the handle, but she dared not stop.

Bark slut.

She started barking as she crawled.  The mop in her butt made it very awkward
but she managed as the clamp on her pussy ached with each moment.  She was now
broken and knew this girl had complete control of her.  She didn't care if she
was a slut or not at present as she continue her parade around the room barking. 
The mop handle was going in and out with each movement and was feeling more and
more like she was being fucked in the ass.  Even her own pussy was getting wet
again despite the clamp chewing on it.

Nice doggie, Linda said as she passed by.  Getting off while being fucked in the
ass by a mop and your own daughter.  What a slut.

Catharine didn't care as she continued crawling pass as long as she could get
herself off, it didn't matter how.  She knew she would never look at her
daughter the same anymore.

Meanwhile.........................

At the Jones house next door......

Mom, Dad get your butts in here now yelled Lori

Bill and Terri entered the living room.  Both was totally naked except for their
panties which was down to their knees.

Dad, what are you and mom being punished for today.

Me and and your mommy was caught masterbating in our bed.  We have been very bad
and need to be punished.  We are not allowed to cum without permission.

Both of you bend over now, yelled Lori, getting up from the couch and picking up
her favorite punishment device, a ruler. 

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Domination Games V

Walking behind her parents, Lori admired their large and hairy asses.  It had
been easy to blackmail one and then the other with Linda supervising every move. 
Now they were totally her slaves and would do anything she demanded of them. 
Imagine having your own parents as your slave.  Of course, Linda would always be
totally in charge, but in her absent, they were her toys.

She started rubbing their bottoms with the ruler and enjoyed their moans and ass
tightening.   Taking careful aim she hit Bill ass hard across both cheeks with
the ruler as he yelled one.  Then one across Terri ass which she replied the
same.  A couple of more swats and it was time for some fun.  She started
slapping their asses in rapid motion as both was yelling their counts and
pleading to be good.  It was the part she enjoyed most, the pleading.  Seeing
their asses totally red she decided to concentrate between the globes as their
yells became higher in pitch and the pleading and begging was more sincere.

Spread your asses and show me what assholes you are.

Both Bill and Terri reached behind and spread their cheeks for their daughter
enjoyment.  She enjoyed teasing them this way after punishment.  She walked to
the desk and returned with two small dildos in her hand.

What does naughty boy Bill need she asked teasingly.

Billy boy needs his ass plugged mam, he replied.

Lori took her time working the dildo slowly up his asshole as he maintained his
ass spread for the intruder.  When it was fully inserted, she worked it in and
out a few times before pushing it fully in and walking behind Terri.

What does slutty Terri need, she asked her mother still bent over.

Terri slut needs her ass plugged mam, she replied.

Lori started working the other dildo in her mother ass who she knew enjoyed it
more than Bill.  She took her time twisting it in to make it hurt more.  She
started pumping it in and out a few times and then left it in place.  Slapping
both of their asses on the dildo causing them to moan, she told them to stand in
their corners while she masturbated her pussy from all the hard work she had to
do.

Both parents went to their respectable corners and put their noses in them. 
Lori lay back on the couch admiring their stuffed and red asses stroking her
pussy at the sight.  She was in a frisky mood tonight and that was going to be
trouble for them.  She watched them shift their weight from foot to foot and
enjoyed the sight of their buns shifting as she continued to stroke.  Finally
she came and laid back for a while to catch her breath. 

Time to play catch, she yelled.  Go get your doggie bones.

Both parents waddled to the kitchen and crawled back in with a dog toy bone in
their mouths.  Lori took each bone and threw them to the other side of the room
and yelled fetch.  Both parents immediately started crawling after their bone
and picking it up in their mouth returned with it.  She patted their heads and
said good doggie, taking their bones and repeating the performance.  She was
getting excited again watching their fannies wiggle after the bones.  After the
fourth toss, she decided it was time for her fun now.

Billy boy laid on the floor she demanded in a harsh tone of voice.  Once he was
in position she slowly lowered her ass down on his face till it was firmly
implanted between her ass cheeks.

Lick boy, she said.  Terri slut.  Crawl here and lick my pussy.

Her mother crawled forth and buried her face down in her bush.  She was enjoying
the double tonguing she was getting down below and had to put her hands down on
the side to get from falling.

Domination Games VI

She came riding on Terri face in front and rubbing her ass on her dad.  She came
in short time and pushed Terri face from her snatch and got up.  Bill had a
raging hard-on and her mother was staring at it wanting it so bad.  She knew
just how to turn them on now and how to make them suffer.  She told them both to
stand up.  Grabbing Terri hand she put it on Bill cock and told her to hold it
out and don't play with it.  Bill was instructed to put his finger in her pussy
and hold it there.

She sat back down admiring their desperation to play with themselves and each
other.

Walk around the room, she demanded.  If either of you come, I'm going to have to
spank you again.

Both Bill and Terri started walking around the room and she could tell the hands
were doing the trick from the look of desperation in their faces as they tried
not to cum.  By the second time around the room she notice Terri body shake and
knew she had just cum.  Bill didn't last much longer either as he shot his load
on the living room floor while Lori smiled at their pitiful sight.  Their fate
had been sealed and they knew it.  She let them keep walking for a while longer
as both were dripping on the floor.  Then she made them remove their hands and
then made Terri bring her one of her slippers from the bedroom.

Both slaves were commanded to stand in front of her and spread their legs wide
so she had complete access to their frontal sex parts.  Picking up the slipper,
she made Bill hold his cock up and started slapping his balls with the slipper
as he whined from the pain and begged to do anything if she would stop.  She
took him to the point of crying before turning her attention back to Terri.

Wider slut, she demanded.

Terri spread her legs wider with fear in her eyes as the slipper hit her pussy
with full force.  She stained to maintain her position as tears started rolling
down her face as the slipper kept slapping her sore cunt.  She started begging
to be a better little girl till Lori finally stopped. 

Lori enjoyed watching them trying to keep from rubbing their privates as the
phone ranged.

Get the phone slut, she commanded Terri.

Meanwhile at Teacher June house down the road a few blocks..............

June was totally ashamed that the new librarian Joyce had caught her having sex
with one of the kids from school.  She had taken pictures and confronted her
threatening to have her put in jail if she didn't agree to do anything she
wanted.  Joyce was 10 years younger and it was her first job at the school and
now she had her ex-teacher as her slave.  June didn't know that Linda had set
the whole thing up with one of the hunks in school.


After school that evening Joyce had been severely anger at her.  When they
arrived at Joyce house in the backwoods, she attached a lease to her neck and
took her out in the woods behind the house still dressed.  They walked for about
30 minutes before Joyce told her to stop and pull her pants down to her knees. 
She walked over to a tree and broke a branch off and came up behind her.  She
let June anticipate the hit for a few minutes before bringing the switch down
hard on her rather large ass causing her to yell out.  She hit the white cheeks
again enjoying the stripe she was putting on them.  June was yelling wildly now
pleading with her for mercy and swearing she would arrive on time tomorrow.  Her
ass was becoming crisscrossed with red stripes till Joyce finally stopped and
admired her work.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?



Domination Games VII

Remove all your clothes and go to that tree over there and hug it.  I want to
see those large tits and pussy of your tight around it with your hands and feet
on the other side.

Joyce knew better than disobey as she hurriedly removed her cloths and went over
and hug the tree trunk like she was hugging a lover.

Joyce walked over admiring the sight of the grown woman naked hugging the rough
bark of the tree.

Start masturbating yourself on the tree, she demanded, hitting her ass with the
switch to get her going.

June started working up and down the bark as it stung her pussy and tits with
its rough edges.  Every time she slowed down, she felt the switch on her ass
again causing her to speed up.  Despite the pain, her pussy was getting soaking
wet since it's been weeks since she had any sex.   Soon she ignored the pain and
started fucking the bark hoping to get off on it.

Joyce laughed at her slut and let her have her fun for a while before she made
her stop.  She told her to get on all fours.  Picking up her panties, she
stuffed them in her asshole filling it up.  She took her bra and shoved it in
her pussy.  Placing her blouse on her back, she tied pants around her waist over
it to make a nice comfortable seat for herself.  Her pantyhose put over her head
so that the crotch was covering her face and the legs of them tied to her hair. 
She stood back and enjoyed the sight of her slut before picking up her shoes and
mounting her on her back.

I'm tired and going to ride your ass all the way home, she laughed.  Slapping
her ass with her own shoe, she told her to move it.  She would paddle one cheek
and then the other as Joyce yells could be heard muffled in the pantyhose.  Her
only sight was the leash, which Joyce kept guiding to prevent her from running
into a tree or getting in a briar patch.  Her knees were hurting as she crawled
forth not once thinking about stopping or trying to buck her mistress off.  She
knew her situation and knew that she was at her mistress mercy.  The weight was
killing her back and knew she had a long way to go yet.  Several times she fell
down only to have the shoe slap her already swollen ass as she got back up and
continued.

Halfway home, Joyce gave her a rest.  Getting off her back she lay on the grass
in front of her and removed the pantyhose from her mouth.

Eat my cunt slut, she commanded.

Joyce started licking being guided by the tug on her hair by the pantyhose.  She
couldn't see her mistress cunt but felt it on her lips and starting licking her
clit.  She hoped that she wouldn't get off to early as she tried to relax while
tonguing her cunt.  She felt her cum twice before pushing her head back and
lowering the pantyhose back down her chin.  Getting back on her, she slapped her
ass again with the shoe for the rest of the journey home.  She started crawling
with her knees and hands totally red from the grass and leaves.  Finally they
arrived at the house and Joyce got off her back.  She walked her to a window and
told her to stand there while she went inside.  She removed the pantyhose from
her head.

She stood for about 10 minutes when she saw her mistress on the other side of
the glass pane raising it. 

Put your head and tits in she demanded.  Keep your hands out.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Domination Games VIII

June put her head and shoulders in the small windows opening and then felt the
windowpane lower on her shoulder trapping her there.  Her mistress was totally
naked in front of her and she saw her go the drawer and returned with two
clamps.  She knew what was coming next as she felt her pull her nipple and
attach the clamp to it as moaned from the pain.  The other was clamped also.

Her mistress toyed with her tits for a while pulling and gripping them roughly. 
Finally, she turned around and presented Joyce a full view of her ass.

Time to lick ass, she yelled, as she shoved her ass in June face with full
force.  Joyce immediately started tonguing her asshole trying to catch her
breath between the globes of her butt.  When her tongue finally started working
it way in Joyce asshole, Joyce started rocking back and forth on her face
driving it deep in her ass.

She moved forward and turned around facing June. 

Not bad for a natural ass kisser.  My pussy is wet again.  I guess your face
will do for now.

She walked forward and buried June face in her cunt and started masturbating it
using her nose as June tongue was lapping wildly at whatever it could touch. 
When she cum, she thought, I'll go get my strap-on and go outside and fuck her
large ass. 

Domination Games X

Come here and lick my pussy slut while dicky boy fucks your ass.  I love it when
you tell me my cunt taste so good.  Dicky boy be sure to fuck her ugly ass and
tell it how ugly it is.  Come on pussy lick.

Kate immediately crawled forth and buried her face in Angie cunt.  Dick had got
behind her and started inching his cock in her ass.

What an ugly ass slut, he yelled, slamming his cock in the entrance of her ass. 
Kate was telling her mistress had good her cunt tasted at the same time as Angie
enjoyed Dick abuse of his wife and her favorable comments of her pussy.  She
rocked her pussy on Kate face making her bury her nose deep within it.  Reaching
her climax, she pushed Kate face back.

Pucker those lips of yours good slave and so you can lick my asshole.

Turning around, she present her ass to Kate face who was breathing hard from the
ass fucking she was getting from Dick.  She felt her tongue enter her asshole
and started rotating her ass on her face to make her dig it in.  She let her
toque her rosebud for a while before turning around.  She could tell the couple
was starting to enjoy it and was getting close to cumming themselves.

Stop, she yelled as the couple looked up with displeasure on their faces.

She told dickie boy to remove his cock from his wife ass and then shoved Kate
face away from her cunt.

Did I tell either of you that you could cum while you were pleasing me?

No mistress, both pleaded.

Turn around and present your asses for a spanking.  Next time you will do as you
are told.

She picked up a belt from dickie boy trousers and waited till both got on their
hands and knees with their asses up and faces to the carpet.  She then proceeded
to stripe their butts with the belt enjoying their counting and pleading for
another.  When they were red and voices had become strained, she stopped and
admired her work.

Time for Dicky boy fucking she said, reaching into the drawer and pulling out a
strap-on.  She made Kate attached it around her waist and suck it till it was
nice and wet.  Spreading his ass, she pushed the cock into the entrance when the
phone rang.

Get the phone slut.  She started pushing the fake cock deeper into Dick ass
while Kate got up and went to the phone.  His ass was already loose and she had
little trouble getting the entire dildo deep inside and then started pushing it
in and out.  She reached down and grabbed his balls holding them tight to
prevent him from cumming earlier.  She enjoyed his squeal of pain.  She had a
steady pace going when Kate return with the phone in hand.

Lick my ass slut; she said taking the phone from Kate.  She felt her tongue
again in her ass as she kept up the pounding of Dick asshole.

Oh, hi.  Sure we can attend tonight.  I'll bring both of my sluts along for some
fun.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




She didn't get the chance as she heard the phone ring from the other room.

Don't go away slut she said.  I'll be back in a minute.

Meanwhile at the Harrison printing company.........

Angie was enjoying getting her toes polished by Mr. Harrison wife Kate.  She was
the company secretary till she found out Mr. Harrison was selling drugs on the
side to get the company afloat.  Linda had told her where the kids had been
getting the dope from and she had blackmailed them into becoming her slaves.  At
first she hated the idea, but when Linda explained all the benefits of having
slaves, she found she was getting aroused at the thought and now it was the best
thing she had ever done.  She looked down at the blond wife who had treated her
like dirt before and truly enjoyed the look of submission on her face as she
painted her toes.  When they dry, she would have her suck on each of them to see
if the polish would hold up.

Dicky boy, where is my drink, she yelled.

Mr. Harrison entered the room totally naked with a bell wrapped around his balls
in front so she could hear where he was.  He laid the drink on the side of the
table and looked down at his wife working feverously to make sure the toe polish
was applied without any on the toes.

Is my dicky hard again, said Angie, gripping his cock and tugging on it as it
dripped out the front of his pecker.

Yes mistress, my dicky is hard again.

Good she replied.  Your big ass wife Kate wants your cock in her ass again.
Don't you Kate, dearly.

Yes mistress, please let dicky boy fuck my stinky big ass.

Angie spread her legs wide exposing her cunt to Kate.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





