BDSM Library - Pleasing Katrina




Pleasing Katrina
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman is bound by her lover and discovers all the hidden pleasures her body holds.
                         Pleasing Katrina:
The evening had been so lovely and he was such a gentleman.He opened the door to
the limo he had rented just for their date tonight. "nothing but the best for
you my love" It was only their first date and already it was the grandest time
she had ever had. She sank back into the soft leather seats and enjoyed the
smells and thoughts of the evening. He held her close for the long drive home.
She snuggled into him and soon was fast asleep.
Katrina awoke but was still groggy and in that limbo where time stands still.
Where memories of the past events and thoughts of the present merge nicely with
reality.
She thought about the evening before. The charming man she had met. The
drinking, the dancing, the way he treated her like a queen and a lover to be. He
was perfect. Katrina wondered what happened to all that. She was to learn that
perfection can come with a price. It couldn't have been him she thought. Not her
new lover. He was too kind. No it had to be by someone with more sinister
thoughts, maybe a friend playing a practical joke. Whatever it was it was fast
becoming a most tiresome game.
The room was warm, but very dark as she started to become fully awake. Katrina
became aware of her surroundings in the blackness.
She was standing. Even while she was dreaming, she felt her body being held
erect. Her arms held high above her head, she could feel the soft leather of the
cuffs that encircled her wrists. her fingers toyed with the chains that
connected them to the ceiling above.
She knew she was blindfolded, and the terror that came with that realization
made her shake. She tried to raise her legs to kick but found they were held
just as firmly as her wrists. Her ankles encircled by thick soft leather were
deftly held apart by a steel rod, forcing her legs to remain spread and her
wetness vulnerable to whatever her captor wished. It was at this moment it
dawned on Katrina that she was completely naked and helpless. She started to
squirm and fight the bindings madly but to no avail.She was blindfolded and
gagged, She was his captive.
She heard the sound of a door opening behind her. Her ears strained to hear the
soft footsteps of her captor as he walked up behind her. She smelled the sweet
aroma of his cologne, and felt his sensual breath along the back of her neck. He
whispered to her.
"I knew you were the one I wanted, you are so lovely and beautiful. I knew that
I could not take the chance of a rejection from you so I have vowed to make you
my slave of passion. You will never be harmed my love, so put all fears of pain
from your mind. What I shall do with you is drive you mad with desire for me
alone. It shall be I you turn to when you want to cum, it shall be I who will
decide when you cum as well. You will find that throughout the coming days you
will know heights of ecstasy you have never known before, and when it is all
done you will give yourself to me willingly and unashamed. Your life from now on
will be unending pleasure. I shall meet all of your needs, and make your wishes
fulfilled. But before all that, you will have to be trained to enjoy yourself to
your fullest, to awaken the parts of your body and zones of pleasure you never
knew were there before.For that you shall learn patience, and only with patience
will come the bliss of fullfilment."
Katrina squirmed wildly in her bonds, making muffled moans, as the realization
of her predicament became clear. She tried to cry out, but only a soft coo could
be heard from behind the gag that had been so expertly placed in her warm mouth.
She was frightened, but yet strangely excited by his words. She had often had
fantasies along these lines but never before had it been any more real than an
erotic thought. But to be a prisoner only for pleasure alone? To be trained?
What did it all mean? She felt her body become aroused as she struggled with the
restraints, to the soft laughter of her captor.
He slipped in front of her and slowly ran a hand down her cheek. She flinched a
bit as his hands traced her shoulders. Her mind racing her body longing for
release. His hand slid back up and grabbed the blindfold and with a quick motion
removed it. At once she was bathed in the soft glow of a room full of lit
candles. the walls covered in mirrors to accentuate the light in all directions.
the room smelled of sweet perfumes. "Welcome to your new home my love" he smiled
up at her. Katrina knew he was handsome but had no idea she would feel this way
again, she sighed in spite of herself at his gaze. "Sorry my love but the gag
must remain. You see, if you cry out from the pleasure it is a release of sorts
and you cannot enjoy it to its fullest. This way all you will concentrate on is
the ecstasy". He turned to go.
"I need to get some things for your first lesson, so I shall try not to be too
long. Oh yes my dear you will find this most enlightening!" Katrina heard the
door shut.
She looked at herself in the mirrors. It was almost as if she was outside of
herself and the girl in the reflection was not her at all. The girl in the image
was so erotic. So unlike she had ever let herself be in her average everyday
life. She admired the sensuality of the girl, bound for nothing but the teasings
of her master, she noticed the girls nipples becoming very erect, the glistening
of the girls sweat as her chest heaved from the ever quickening breaths, of
excitement, she noticed every finger as her hands twisted in the leather cuffs,
vainly searching for escape. Her legs spread wide leaving her wetness open and
helpless, she could see the lips of her vagina, peeking out from the soft folds
of her most intimate region. it was as if she was watching a movie, living a
dream. Becoming detached from all but her most devious thoughts and desires.
The sound of the door opening behind her made her come back from the fantasy. He
came around to where she could see him as he set a tray down on the small table
in front of her. The tray was covered by a velvet cloth. he then went to the
wall and pushed a button and the room was filled with the most beautiful music.
"Like it my love? Its Bollero, I think it sets the most erotic mood don't you?
Now on to lesson one my sweet! This lesson will teach you that your pussy is not
the only spot on your body that can make you cum. and if you let yourself
experience the passion to my satisfaction I may have a small treat for you as
well!" He smiled at her and pulled away the cloth.
Her eyes grew wide as she looked upon the tray. There were two long stiff quill
feathers! She stared at them her mind working with thoughts of what was in
store, while he set another tray next to it and produced some soft velvet ropes.
She tried to protest but her muffled moans were all that was heard as he took
the rope and began to slowly encircle her left breast with it, winding it around
and around. Her breast was becoming very taunt and it was making her nipple
become very erect and somewhat larger. "this will make your nipple very
sensitive my love"  He spoke of how perfect her breasts were as he bound her
right one in the same fashion. He stood back to admire his work as Katrina
looked in the mirror at the girl who's already ample breasts were now jutting
forward, with swollen nipples, and a sensation that she had never known. It was
as if the very air itself was teasing her nipples and as a result she felt her
pussy become just a wee bit wetter.
"Now for the fun! My sweet lover". He smiled as he took the two feathers and
held them up in front of her proudly. Her eyes went wide as he knelt in front of
her. Her body tensed as it seemed like an eternity before she felt their teasing
tips caress her thighs.
Oh bliss like this she truly had never known. The feathers teased their way up
between her thighs, sending wave after wave of pleasure to her mind and body.
The teasings came ever so near her pussy but at the last possible second avoided
her wet region and traced a tiny erotic path up her soft belly. Katrinas hips
were swaying  to the sensations. Her  breath quickening as the feathers teased
ever so much closer to her now almost hypersensitive breasts.
He stood and gazed at her face but Katrina was lost in the moment, eyes closed,
as her hips swayed as much as her bonds would allow. He smiled and ran the tips
of the feathers so gently around each breast, carefully avoiding the nipples.
She was breathing faster and making the softest pleasure sounds from behind her
gag as her captor brought the tips of the feathers in contact with the erect
buds of her nipples.
Katrinas body tensed and went ridged from the sensation, she struggled violently
from the ecstasy of a pleasure she had never known before. The waves of electric
lust shot from each nipple directly to her wetness, as he slowly teased each one
with a patience that was madding. She was not moaning through her gag but almost
screaming from the delight, of the erotic torture. Yet for all this she was
unable to cum, it was as if the feathers kept her at the very brink of orgasm
but would not let her journey further. It was agony but yet the most delicious
feelings she had ever felt.
Her hands made fists and she curled her toes tightly trying to compensate for
the soft ticklings as the tips of the feathers patiently made little light
circles around her nipples. The wetness from her pussy was actually running down
the side of her thigh, in its vain attempt for the attention that would not
come. After 15 minutes of the teasings her body was racked with sweat, and she
heard her captor give a small chuckle. "My love I haven't even touched the tip
yet? Now you will see what nirvana is!" He made the little circles with the
feathers even smaller, and smaller till they hovered just above the very tips of
her nipples which now were almost pulsating from a passion and touch she could
never have dreamed about. Then the two tips as one, touched the very centers of
her nipples, the stiff ends of were held absolutely still, as her captor allowed
only the movement that would come from the pulse in his wrists to make the tips
of the feathers tease.
Katrinas back arced as much as possible in her bindings, her hips bucked wildly,
the muffled gurglings of passion that came from behind her gag were of another
world, as he held them against her sensitive buds. She felt the wetness that was
a trickle become a torrent as wave after wave of sensual lust cascaded over her.
Katrinas nipples swelled to the new pleasures adding further to the feathers
teasings. her eyes rolled back in her head, as the gift of the orgasm was given.
Her body was shaking uncontrollably as she lost herself in her own pleasures. He
moved the feathers in small circles again as another orgasm washed over Katrina,
and then as softly as he had begun he stopped, and allowed her to rest, and
enjoy her afterglow. She hung limp in her restraints, as her quick breaths
subsided, and the sweat dripped down her thighs.
" You have learned your lesson well my love" he said as he took a soft towel and
patted her dry. "You realized today that you came, and not once did I touch your
pussy". She weakly lifted her head and was met by a warm smile. Katrina thought
"thank God it is over". But her schooling was just beginning.

> From behind her he produced another velvet rope, and tied it deftly around

her waist, making sure to run a length of it between her legs, the ropes
softness ran between the wet lips of her vagina, and pressed so firmly against
her swollen clit, making Katrina sigh once more. His fingers gently caressed the
lips and he smiled at their wetness. "Oh my sweet love you are still excited!,
that is good for now I shall give you the little treat I had promised."
She closed her eyes and tried to imagine what could be more of a treat than the
orgasm she had just had. Her eyes went wide when she heard from behind her the
low hum of a vibrator. He body tensed from the anticipation, and unseen by her
captor, Katrina smiled.
The vibrator was attached to a wire with a speed control. He reached up to her
bound wrists and placed the control in her clenched hand, giving her complete
dominion over the speed and intensity of her "treat". He then slowly ran the
vibrating toy down her chest, it buzzed softly between her still bound breasts.
His tongue gave each nipple a teasing lick for good measure as he brought the
toy to her belly and swirled it slowly around in an ever widening spiral, that
ended with the toy touching the very top of her wet mound.
Katrina cooed with delight, her hips gyrating, as he ran the toy between her
legs, making it barely touch the outer folds of her wetness. He held it gently
against her vagina , her head made slow circles of pleasure as the tiny impulses
surged through her.This was the moment he had waited for.
Even through her gag a loud audible moan could be heard as he pulled the rope to
one side and slipped the vibrator deep into her wetness. Her body shook with
ecstasy as he let the rope slide back into place, confining the toy in its new
and warm home. Katrinas thighs spasmed as the vibrations caused her to have a
series of tiny orgasms, building one upon the other in a tapestry of pleasure.
The chains that bound her twisted in unison to her dance of nirvana. She was so
enthralled by the feelings that she never noticed the door close behind her,
leaving her quite alone, as she slowly controlled her own pleasures between a
soft tease and a mind blowing vibrating revolution of unbounded bliss. Her body
naked and helpless, to only her own desires.
 After several minutes she had to give herself some relief, and was horrified to
find out that there was no way to stop the toy. "Oh God no!" She thought. He
must come back and stop this! Her body shook with another orgasm as she
franticly tried to end its seductive torment. She could feel the sweat drip down
her as her fingers struggled with the controls, only to have it buzz steadily
on. Then it happened. Her pussy spasmed in the most delicious orgasm, she threw
her head back and screamed in ecstasy. Her hands opened unconsciously as the
feelings of pleasure ripped through her. In a haze of passion she gasped in
fright as she noticed the controller fall to the floor. Her mind raced with
thoughts of her predicament as the toy deep inside her teased faithfully on. Her
body struggling in her bonds as she counted the minutes till his return. She was
unaware that he had gone for a nap and it would be quite some time till she
would see him again.
Katrinas eyes opened to a lovely room. He was patting her head with a cool wet
cloth. She looked about her surroundings. She lay upon the softest pillows, in a
room fit for a queen. She smiled weakly at him, but he just put a finger over
her mouth and said "shhhhh". He smiled too. Sorry my love but you must have lost
yourself in the moment. I couldn't have been gone for more than an hour. But
when I had come back it looked like you had enjoyed yourself too much.  I knew a
good nights rest was in order. I have brought you a nice dinner. Eat up my love
for tomorrow will be a busy day. She saw the tray next to the bed was filled
with fresh fruits and a wonderful smelling meal. He smiled again at her and
walked out of the room. She heard a key turn in the lock and knew she was here
to stay.
A leather collar was around her neck with a light chain attaching it to one post
of the large feather bed she sat upon. She was wearing a very expensive
nightgown whose softness teased her still sensitive body, reminding her of the
pleasures she had experienced. She thought no more of the past events and ate
the meal patiently. Afterwards she sipped a nice glass of wine and sat back into
the soft pillows, musing upon her new master and lover. She could not believe
her mind. She was looking forward to his return. Slowly her eyes closed as she
relaxed and she fell into a contented sleep. Her last thoughts being what new
feelings she would have in her next lesson.
She awoke to the sound of a beautiful day coming through the barred window of
her luxury prison, she was unafraid. He came in and led her to the large
bathroom, for her morning routines. He brought her a lovely breakfast and sat
next to her as she ate, filling her glass when it went dry, and catering to her
every need. After her coffee, he grinned. "Ready for lesson two?". Katrina
smiled in spite of herself , rose in front of him and bowed her head.
The shower in the bathroom was the most glorious thing she had ever seen. He
slipped the nightgown off of her and led her inside. She noticed the eyelets in
the white tile walls, as the small clasps from her wrist restraints were
connected to them first one then the other.
Katrina was starring at several showerheads surrounding her, as he gently guided
her ankles into like restraints at the base of the shower. She stood open to
all, spread wide and ready for her morning adventure.
The water was pre-heated as the showerheads sprang to life. Her body cascaded in
the shimmering spray of the mist. awakening every pore and nerve. He stepped
inside, naked and smiling. His only words were "My sweet Love".
He soaped up her body, letting the freshness of the moment linger on her. she
lightly struggled as his fingers massaged her body, she felt the sweat and
tension run off of her, as the water trickled down her legs. He slowly ran his
hands down her back, scratching as he went, following every scratch with his
tongue as if benediction. Her head fell back as he nibbled on her shoulders, his
hands gliding around her to massage her belly and softly caress each breast,
where only the faintest lines could be seen from their past bindings, which had
the delicious effect of leaving her nipples just as sensitive as they had been
the day before.Ungagged she cooed her approval. His soft moans where all she
could hear above the rush of the water.
He took a hand held shower messager and proceeded to run it all over her
closely. Her body shook as tiny waves of pleasure wafted over her. He ran it
down her back, lingering on each muscle group. Never had she been more relaxed.
Lower and lower he went down her back. She was sighing peacefully as the streams
of pulsating water touched her rear, the rippling of her firm cheeks betraying
the pleasure that overcame her.
He parted her cheeks and ran the water directly on her inner area. She had never
felt anything quite like it before. She saw the messager drop to the shower
floor between her legs as his tongue slowly ran between her rear. Teasing gently
with small licks an area of pleasure she had never had stimulated before.
She was gasping loudly and tugging at her bonds. His lickings were driving her
mad with a feeling like none she had ever imagined. It was a bliss like none
other. She felt his fingers replace his tongue as with one hand he deftly shut
the water off. His fingers never leaving her rear, occasionally reaching under
to give her clit a small tease as if reassurance.
Her lover unshackled her wrist from the walls and Katrina had a noticeable pout
as she thought her lesson was finished. It was not to be. Before she could
protest he bent her over and re-attached her wrists to her ankles, bending her
over and leaving her most sensitive areas helpless to his erotic pleasures. She
became nervous and struggled as it dawned on her what was to happen. He chuckled
at her predicament.
"Please no!" she protested. But he calmly stepped out of the shower and returned
with scented oils. She was struggling for all she was worth. She had heard that
things like that were painfull and horrible. "please don't! I beg you!" She
pleaded. But her pleas were cut short by a gag and a sturdy blindfold, cutting
off all other sensations but for feelings.
"My sweet Katrina, I told you I would kill myself before I would ever harm you
in any way. You must believe that. I will not lie to you, But you must learn
about all the pleasures your beautiful body has to offer". he sounded so gentle
and sincere that she gave up her struggles and resigned herself to her lesson.
The oil was warm as it flowed across her back. his hands working it into every
pore and massaging her back and shoulders as she stood bent over awaiting the
enevitable. His strong hands worked lower and lower, the sweet smells of the
oils reminded her of lilacs in summer, as she felt his fingers work closer to
her most private area yet. She felt the oils trickle around her rear, the
sensation was more delicious than she could have imagined, and she felt her body
relax to the moment as his fingers teased and massaged her in a place no other
lover had ever experienced.
 The pressure of his hard cock against her rear was almost orgasmic in itself.
She was sure it would hurt but the feelings were anything but pain, as his cock
slipped into her. She threw her head back as her body, bereft of all sight and
sound, surrendered to the magic of touch.
He grasped her hips and slid deeper into her, she felt his balls rest against
her pussy, softly brushing her clit as he slowly pumped with a rhythmic motion,
and an agonizing pace that was driving her mad with desire. He reached around
and toyed with her nipples, as her first orgasm rushed to her brain, making her
bound naked body stiffen from the passion.
Faster and faster her lover moved. Each inward thrust bringing with it a
sensation of a deeper bliss than the first. Her legs were growing weak from the
moment and she could feel his strong arms holding her erect as his thrustings
increased in tempo. She was pulling madly at her restraints wanting to fling
herself around to him and fuck him like there was no tomorrow, when she felt her
rear tense and her mind exploded in the most exotic orgasm she had ever felt. It
was indescribable from any she had known. She felt him cumming deep inside her,
his warm load filling her as her body went limp. Her mind reeling, her legs like
jelly, her rear tingling and satisfied.
She was aware of the lesson. He had yet to enter her pussy, and had brought to
her another awakening of a new and very different pleasure. She was learning so
much about herself. It was a re-birth of her body and soul. Much like her lover
was keeping her prisoner, she too had kept the erotic girl inside her a virtual
prisoner as well. Never allowing the feelings inside herself the freedoms of the
total pleasures her body had to offer, and the real gifts that God had given her
for enjoyment.
The days drifted into one another, as lesson after lesson was learned and
enjoyed. She grew to know the feathers well. The soft teasings of the vibrator
became like an old friend coming to visit, and was looked forward to and well
received. Many nights she would be bound in leather, spread eagled while her
lover licked her wet pussy.
Falling asleep from the exhaustion of too many orgasms to count anymore.
Through it all he was never mean or evil. Katrina had become whole. She
delighted in the sensations of being bound and at her lovers whims. To have no
excuse but to enjoy herself. It was as though being bound she could rationalize
letting go of her emotions by the knowledge that she had no other choice but to
Love the feelings. Yet through all this time he had not fucked her. She did not
know why, but knew the answer would come to her someday. Katrina had learned
patience.
She awoke that morning chained as usual to her bedpost. Katrina had learned the
joys of touching herself many days before, when he made her tease and caress
herself to many orgasms with her own fingers. That was an awakening as well. He
taught her that her body was "her" personal gift as well as her lovers, and
never would she be longing for another to give her pleasure as long as she had
herself and her memories. This morning was like many others as she
absentmindedly caressed her legs, slowly bringing her hands up to her belly.
Enjoying the soft scratches, the aromas of her wetness, and even the taste of
herself, as she slowly brought her finger to her mouth seductively. "Yes" she
thought "it will be a good day." Little did she know how special the day would
be. Today was to be her graduation.
Her lover spent the day just talking to her, getting to know better and deeper
the girl who was Katrina. She willingly told him her most intimate secrets and
desires. Her wants and her needs. She smiled as  approval shown in his face. All
the while she was his captive he had kept his word. She was never for want of
anything. He had never harmed her, and even when he did things to her under her
protests they were all gratefully welcomed after they were performed.
"We must get you ready my love" He said. She lay back on the bed and closed her
eyes contentedly as he restrained her. He propped a pillow under her head so she
could see between her breasts. Her Lover looked at her and grinned slyly. He
wheeled a small serving tray over to the bedside where upon it was a basin and a
mug with a brush. Katrina could almost read his mind as he lathered up the
shaving soap.
Her back arced as the brush lathered up her beautiful pubic mound. The wetness
of the soap combining with her own wetness, like a fine recipe. She tested her
restraints but already knew they were secure.
She softly sighed as the razor worked upon her bush. Enjoying the sensations as
slowly she felt his breaths upon her now naked wetness. She could feel the
excitement growing as he rubbed a hot towel gently around her shaved pussy.
Cleaning it perfectly and letting the breeze from the open window tease her to a
new height. He replaced the towel with his mouth. She felt his mustache against
her shaven mound for the first time and almost came. His tongue ran along her
naked pussy, igniting fires inside her and making her squirm in her bonds. Thus
the day went as the light coming through the window was soon replaced by the
blackness of night.
She was blindfolded and gagged again as he led her from her room. They walked
the hallway they had walked together so many times before. Katrina knew where
they were going. They would soon be back in the mirrored "playroom" where her
adventure had started a month before. She made tiny steps as she listed to the
chains from her restraints drag along the floor. Her arms bound behind her back,
making her breasts thrust forward seductively and open to his every caress.
She heard the heavy door open once more and stepped into the room. She smelled
the familiar smell of the perfumed candles, and anxiously awaited the pleasures
that would be coming so very soon.
She was seated in a wooden chair and bound to it in a fashion that left her legs
spread wide. Her ankles chained to her wrists in the back. He slowly pulled her
head back and connected a small chain from her collar to the back of the chair.
Katrinas breasts were forced forward as she faced the ceiling. She tried to move
but was held immobile. Yet she did not feel any fear. She knew her lover well
now.
He removed her blindfold and on the ceiling he had stretched a banner that read
"Happy Graduation Day". She tried to smile and talk to him but the gag was firm.
"My love today there will not be a lesson, today will be for pleasure alone.
Today we will celebrate!" He said as she heard him wrestling with the cork from
a champagne bottle. In a moment she saw the cork fly over her, and the
unmistakable sound of two glasses being filled. She wondered when she would sip
the cool treat.
Strangely she heard another bottle being uncorked. "Do you like red wine my
love? If not I know you will soon!" he chuckled.
Her body strained at her bonds as his hands ran down her shoulders. past her
breasts, pausing only long enough to softly give each nipple a slow tease,
awakening them proudly as if in anticipation of the fun that would follow. Next
she felt something new. He placed a padded small clamp on each nipple, they were
set with just enough pressure to excite her breasts and make her pussy tingle
from the erotic delights of the contraptions.
She felt him kneel between her open legs and give her inner thighs each a small
kiss. "Shall we begin?"
She saw the bottle with its dark red juices hover over her chin and slowly start
to tilt. It was almost as in slow motion as the red wine dribbled upon her
chest, creating tiny rivers of liquid passion cascading down her belly and
between the lips of her vagina. The feeling was exquisite, and she tugged and
struggled in her bindings for relief.
Her lover noticed her passion and with a loving smile became her rescuer. He
placed his tongue against her pussy and proceeded to slowly lick the wine from
her clit. Katrina moaned like never before as she watched drop after drop of the
bottle empty upon her naked form, feeling the wetness as her pussy opened like a
spring rose to her lover. Her lips parting and swelling as his tongue licked,
and teased each petal of her feminine flower. As soon as one bottle was finished
another bottle started to poor again. Till the floor was soaked with the wine
and its smell mingled with those of her orgasmic aromas. She came violently the
chair rocking in rhythm to her struggles, as wave after wave of passionate bliss
hit her like a hammer.
Katrina was still, her heavy breathing was all that could be heard as he removed
all of her restraints. She lowered her head and smiled weakly as he handed her a
glass of champagne. She took a sip and he helped her up. For the first time
Katrina and her lover embraced.
The kiss was long and passionate, their tongues merged and their hands moved
along each others back as the two lovers became as one. he whispered in her ear
"Please be mine".
Katrina gazed upon the floor at the restraints that lay soaking in the wine. She
knelt in front of him and picked up the leather collar.
He looked deep into her eyes and smiled as she placed it around her neck and
locked it once again.

The shudder of the Limo made her eyes open. She was still cuddled up against her
date. His arm around her easing her sleep as she noticed they were home. Yes the
date was grand. But the dream was indescribable. the chauffeur opened the door
for her and her lover kissed her gently. She reached around to hug him and saw a
leather collar on the rear dashboard. She took it and held it up for him to see.
The driver apologized. "Sorry folks, the last people who rented this must have
left it behind. I'll put it up front."
Katrina smiled as her lover helped her out of the car, and held the collar close
to her chest. "No need sir, I have a feeling it may come in handy".
The driver shrugged and drove away as the two lovers slowly walked arm in arm.
Katrina looked into her lovers eyes, and placed the collar around her neck. He
smiled at her, with a bewildered look.
"Do you ever have dreams?" she asked him with a grin.
Katrina was answered by a soft kiss.

                         The End

copywrite Dangermouse 2005




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dangermouse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





