BDSM Library - The Project Team




The Project Team
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tony goes a way for a month long project leaving his family at home. Just before the end of the project he and his male friends at the project presents a male strip show as entertainment for the female project members. This turns ladies on to take command over all the men to fuck their brains out.
THE PROJECT TEAM
(FFFM, Crossdressing, Male stripp, Humilation, Hardcore)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I never understood what corporate culture could mean for someone until I joined the firm. As a 
specialist I was alone in my office. Instead I had to travel around the world for meetings, 
conferences and projects. Leaving my wife and kids back home never felt good but at the same 
time it made it possible for me to focus on my job. 

When I arrived for this special project, it was set up for a month. All in all we were forty-two 
persons and seven of us were men. All of us were quite young and some of us had boyfriends, 
girlfriends, wives and husbands back home. Of course most of us were singles. As always it was 
very intense with long hours working both alone and in groups. This time I must say that all of 
the women were very attractive. 

By the end of the third week we all knew each other and we had a meeting. With only one week 
left to go we all stayed for the weekend and one of the women got up and suggested: 
- I think it's time to have a party this Friday for the whole team. We are ahead of the schedule so 
time is not an issue right now. I can arrange food and drinks with some help from the ladies in 
here. In return you gentlemen will be responsible for the entertainment.
We all agreed upon this so we met afterwards. First we had no ideas until one of the guys said. 
- Let's give them a male strip show. With so many handsome ladies in the audience it would be a 
pleasure. Not that we will get naked, just dancing in front of them in our underwear is a real 
killer.
As it was the only good suggestion, we all agreed. I thought it was no harm doing this even if I 
was a married man. At the same I knew that I was in real good shape and that the ladies would 
not be disappointed. That evening we arranged for a dance instructor to help us out with our 
show. No one of the ladies knew what we had planned and the next day they asked us and tried to 
figure it out what we had in pipeline.

The party started and we all had plenty of wine to drink. With five women for each man we were 
all surrounded by pretty ladies. It was no problem having a good time and I expected that the 
night would be long. When it was our turn to entertain, we all sneaked out to get ready. 
Meanwhile the ladies prepared themselves in a half circle around our stage. Some of them sat 
down and other stood behind. Our show started on a signal. First some music then one by one we 
entered dressed in tuxedos. We started to dance as a group and we continued to undress while the 
ladies screamed in fascination. We had rehearsed two songs and by the end of the first we only 
had our underwear left. 

The second song started and at a given signal we went out to our audience. I approached two girls 
sitting down with three ladies behind them. In front of me I had a beautiful blond girl. I put my 
hands on her shoulders and stared lap dancing for her. I couldn't help getting a hard on and I let 
her hands touch it on the outside of my underwear. Then I got up to get behind one of the girls 
standing. I pulled her close so she could feel my hard-on dick. I touched her gently and she 
enjoyed the treatment. Then I turned around and started slow dancing with another woman. She 
also felt my rock hard dick against her pussy. In return she pulled me close and started to lick my 
ear while I danced with her. Before she got too wild, I turned around to the third girl standing up. 
She placed her hand over my dick before I pulled her close. Then she kissed me right away and 
she grabbed my ass to make sure that I was as close to her as possible. Just before the dance was 
over I moved over to the second girl sitting down. This time I placed her hand over my dick and 
pulled her close so she could kiss my nipple. Finally all of us men returned to the stage with rock 
hard dicks. The ladies screamed and begged us to do it one more time.

After a short discussion we decided to give them more. The music for the second dance started 
and at a signal we took off our underwear one by one. At first the ladies were shocked but when 
they saw us all naked on the stage they got wild. We went out to dance for our audience once 
more. When I returned to my group, I realized that they had changed places. As soon as I 
approached them, two of the girls came up behind me, took my arms and pulled me over to one 
of the girl sitting down. She got down on her knees and started to suck my dick. Another girl got 
down on her knees and they now shared my dick while a fifth girl came up behind and started to 
kiss my neck. They held me to make sure that I couldn't get away. Within a moment I couldn't 
hold it back anymore, so I shot my cum all over their faces. Then they took my dick in their 
mouths and continued to suck me. This way I maintained a hard-on. It lasted until the dance was 
over and they let me return to the stage. I realized that two of the other men had received the 
same treatment.

After our show we put our underwear on and returned to the ladies in the room. Meanwhile they 
turned the music on and wanted us to dance as we had done before. Within a couple of minutes 
they tore off our underwear and all of us men were naked again. While we danced I saw how a 
couple of the girls led one guy over to a table and one of them started to ride his dick. Then 
another girl got up to sit on his face. 

They were all crazy right now and I could feel them touching me over and over. After a while it 
was my turn to get over to the table and three girls escorted me. There one of them got undressed 
and climbed up on the table. The others pushed me down to her pussy so I could lick her. It was 
juicy and I could sense that she really wanted to fuck. I let my tongue touch her clit over and over 
until she came. Then another girl just pulled down her pants and pushed my head to her pussy. 
She wanted the same treatment. When she finally came she screamed out loud. Now the third girl 
pushed me up on the table and then she sat on my face. She started farting and I had to inhale it. 
Little by little she lowered her down until she settled herself over me. After a minute I had to take 
her whole weight and I could hardly breathe. Finally she was done and she got up. Now I was 
allowed to leave the table.

Before I knew it two other girls took care of me. They took me by my arms and led me to the 
dance floor. Now they were only playing slow songs so I turned to one of them and put my arms 
around her. The other girl held me then from behind so I could dance with both of them at the 
same time. I started kissing the girl in front of me and in no time our tongues met. As I was 
naked, she could feel my rock hard dick against her and that turned her on even more. When the 
song was over, I turned around to the second girl and did the same thing again. This way we 
continued until they couldn't restrain themselves. They dragged me over to a sofa in the corner 
where both of them got undressed. I watched their beautiful bodies and it was a real pleasure to 
be there with them. The second girl got then on top of me and started to ride my rock hard dick 
while I held her back and kissed her tits. It felt like she went on forever so I started to rub her clit 
while she rode me. This made her finally come. My dick was still rock hard so the first girl 
jumped up to ride me right after the other was done. She put the dick in her pussy and started to 
ride me slowly. Minute by minute I could see how she loved it and she came by herself after that.

I don't know what time it was but before I realised that I was sitting in a taxi with only a blanket 
around me. I had one girl on each side of me and I felt their hands over my body. When we 
arrived at their apartment, we went inside and there they took the blanket away and left me 
standing naked in their hallway. I found my way to their bedroom and they came right after me 
getting undressed on their own. I had to eat their pussies first and it was nice tasting them. Then I 
was allowed to fuck them even if my dick was worn out after all that had happened so far. I mean 
before I was married there was a time when I could fuck girls several time in a day, but since I 
got married and had kids that was ancient history. Now it was my revival all through the night.

I woke up at noon next day with the two girls beside me. When they also woke up I had to follow 
them to the kitchen for breakfast. The put their robes on but I had to sit there naked on my own. 
After we had finished breakfast I asked of they had any cloths that I could borrow. They smiled 
and offered me a dress and I rejected the offer at first. An hour or two later still stuck in their 
apartment with no new offer I agreed to take the dress. Now the offer had changed to include 
both the dress, make up and a visit at a bar of their choice before I was able to got to my 
apartment. I accepted the offer.

They handed me first a pair of sexy underwear to put on and then they gave me a bra. To fill it up 
they arranged for plastic bags with warm water that were filled to be the same size as C-cup tits. 
Then they took a lady shave to shave my legs, arms, chest and my face. Of course they also 
shaved my dick and ass to complete their work. Now I was handed the dress and some stockings 
that went all the way up to my thighs. After this they place me on a chair and gave my lipstick 
mascara, eyeliners, rouge and other stuff they had. In the end they also gave me a necklace and 
some earrings. I thought that my hair would be a problem but they also managed to change my 
hairstyle and when they brought me over to the mirror I realized that they had managed to make 
an excellent transformation of me, from a married man to a hot woman. I was amazed of their 
work and I just kept standing there in front of the mirror admiring myself. 

The girls gave me a pair of high heels and took me by my arms and led me out of their apartment. 
It was difficult to walk with those shoes but I did my best. Instead of taking a taxi I had to walk 
for twenty minutes before we could take a bus and all the time I notice men turning around when 
they saw me, at least that was what I thought. After another twenty minutes on the bus we made it 
downtown and it was almost 6 p.m. when we hit the bar the girls wanted me to visit. We went 
inside and it was nice to sit down and have a drink. This time the girls ordered me a drink and 
then they let me in the bar on my own to see if I could attract any other man in the room. After 40 
minutes an older guy walked up to me and offered me another drink. I turned around to the girls 
and the just nodded at me to go ahead. I sat there with him for five minutes before he put is arms 
around my shoulders. Another five minutes passed before he leaned over to me and gave me a 
kiss on my cheek and I was getting both flattered and uncomfortable. Then he came on harder 
and I let his hand touch my dress right over my fake tits all the way down to my legs. He did this 
several times before he offered me a new drink. When we had almost finished that drink he 
couldn't restrain himself from putting his hand between my legs. I froze as it went up to my 
crotch inch by inch. I looked at his face and put my arms around his shoulders to encourage him 
to go all the way and he did. All of a sudden he froze instead with his hand on my rock hard dick. 
I smiled at him but he didn't return the smile. At the same time he didn't remove his hand from 
my dick, he just held it in his hand looking all over my body like he couldn't understand how a 
beautiful woman like me could have a dick between my legs. I don't know for how long we 
remained in that position but in the end he let go of my dick turned around and left the bar. Now 
the girls came to rescue me and the arranged for a taxi to take me to the apartment I shared with 
two other project members.

Back at the apartment the door was open as my friends had gathered to see a sports game. When 
they saw me dressed up as a woman they all went quite as they couldn't imagine me dressed up 
that way. After the first chock they shouted load and told me how pretty I was. I blushed as I had 
never heard anything like that before. Then we went into my bedroom and one of the girls said:
- Now we want you to strip for us, but take it slow because we will record it with our video 
camera.
- You cannot mean that, I replied
- That was no question, just come over here and we will start with a close up on your ass.
They made me go over to the girl with the camera, I turned around and they told me to start. I 
walked over to the other side of the room in the most feminine style I ever could. Then I took off 
my dress slow, touching all over my body and then let my fingers slip through my hair over and 
over. When I had dropped the dress to the floor, they could see that I had a real hard-on. I 
continued to take off my stockings and then I went to the bed and got settled. There I lifted my 
legs up in the air and slowly took off my underwear but I let my bra on to be able to touch the 
female side of me. I started to play with my dick, first gently then I couldn't hold it back any 
more. Now I was masturbating in front of the camera and the girls and in the end I shot my cum 
over my belly and even my face. Exhausted I held my dick in my hand as I felt how I no longer 
had a hard-on. One of the girls jumped in bed though and gave me a kiss while she rubbed the 
cum on my belly all over my skin. After that she got undressed and placed herself in a 69 position 
and took my dick in her mouth. I returned her move by kissing her pussy and playing with her 
clit. All the time the other girl moved around with the camera. I continued to play with the clit  
until she started to moan and I felt how she came. Then she got up and took over the camera to 
give the other girl the same treatment. She went to bed as soon as she was naked and placed 
herself also in a 69 position. It was nice to taste those pussies and at the same time feel how they 
licked my dick. I was close to come another time before I made her come first. To complete the 
work, she got up and put my dick in her pussy and rode me until I shot my load in her. Then she 
leaned forward and gave me a kiss before she went out of bed and took on her cloths just as the 
other girl did. I was left alone in my bed still with my bra on and I fell asleep.

The last week of the project went fast and all of us had a great time telling stories about what had 
happened at the party. Especially my adventure at the bar the day after was appreciated. When 
the project ended we all packed up our bags and went home. I had my wife waiting but I decided 
to tell her right away about what had happened. A strong relationship is built on honesty and trust 
and even if I never had cheated on her before it was the only thing I could do. By surprise she 
didn't throw me out of the house, instead she let me explain what had happened and said she 
didn't like me doing things like that but what we had was stronger than my mistake. An even 
bigger surprise was that the girls had sent my wife a copy of the video film they had recorded and 
it felt good that I had told her about it right away. When she finally decided to check it out, it 
turned out that it covered the whole event from the male strip, the sex we had afterwards to the 
bar where I seduced a man to the grand finale where I had my own strip.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





