BDSM Library - Maid to the Power of Ten




Maid to the Power of Ten
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A maid firmly takes charge of a white family.
Maid to the Power of Ten

It all started when mother hired a new maid from Jamaica named Kat.  Mother
being single and working a full time successful business.  She always said she
didn't have time to do housework and with big sis going to a local college and
myself still flunking high school neither of us really cared to help.  There was
something wrong with Kat from the first time I saw her.  Several times I noticed
she had dolls and such underneath her bed and in drawers and other things, which
didn't look right.  I was fascinated with her body.  She was black fully
developed in her mid 40s with a nice large ass, which I followed her around the
house whenever I could to stare at.  I was in love with it.   She would bend
over lower than normal giving me views from behind that made me run to the
bedroom and beat off till I came.  One day; however, she took it to a new limit.

She was in the kitchen putting some tootsie rolls on the kitchen table when I
came in from school.  She had nothing on but a robe and was bent over.  She
noticed me walk in without turning around and as I approached, she dropped the
robe.

My eyes budged in lust.  Her beautiful butt was only foot from me and totally
exposed.  She took a tootsies roll from the table and unwrapped it and reaching
behind put the end in her butt hole.  My cock sprang straight out in joy at the
sight.

Come get your tootsie roll Mikee, she said, looking back over her shoulder at
me.

I immediately ran over and dropped to my knees and put my face in her bountiful
ass and stated chewing the end of the tootsie roll till I ate the whole thing
and watched with gleam as she inserted another and requested I do the same. 
Which I did of course.

I ate and ate at least 20 tootsie rolls that evening as she teased me calling me
her new toy and slave boy who was going to serve her every whim from now on and
I kept eating agreeing to all her commands. She laughed at how mother would feel
watching her son eating tootsies rolls from the maid ass.

Nothing was the same after that.  Every night I was commanded to come to her
bedroom after everyone went to sleep and lick her cunt and ass all night.  I was
spanked on a regular basic and dressed in Big Sis nightees for her pleasure
walking around doing her jobs with something always shoved up my butt.  I was in
heaven and wanted it to continued forever till one evening mother came home
early.  Kat was on her knees on the kitchen chair and I was on mine on the floor
eating a banana from her butt when I heard mother yell in back.

You bitch; I heard mother voice from back.  Mike get your butt in the bedroom,
I'll take care of you later.  And for you cunt.  I'm going to make you wished
you never came to this house and then I'm going to kick that big butt of yours
out of here.

I jumped up and ran for the bedroom as fast as I could as I could hear the
ladies yelling as I ran.  Closing the door, I just sat on the bed fearing what
was going to happen to me when mother got done with Kat.  I waited and waited. 
At first there was screams and yells, which I couldn't make out the meaning and
then they got, quieter and quieter.  At least thirty minutes went by and nothing
happened.  Another 15 minutes and I was about to step out and peaked when Kat
opened the door all nude staring at me.

Mikee, I want you to come to the kitchen now, she demanded.

But mother said I was....

I don't care what you mother told you.  From now on you will do as I tell you. 
You mother has learned the error of her ways and agree that I should run this
house from now on.  She is to be punished for being bad and you are to watch it.

She led me to the living room, and had me sit on the couch while she took a seat
on a chair.

Lucy dear, please come in here for your spanking baby.

I couldn't believe she called mother Lucy dear and watched in shock as mother
entered the room totally naked.  She had scratches all over her body and her
hair was tusked up in top as she waddled in walking funny.  My cock sprang out
as I noticed she was walking funny because she had a banana stuck in her large
hairy cunt.  Her head was hung low as she approached Kat and as she turned to
her side, I saw a carrot shoved in her asshole in back.

What do you say Lucy dear, Kat demanded?

I have been a bad little girl and need my big booty spanked mother replied in a
girlee voice.

Over my knee bad girl.  Remember what I told you.  If the banana or carrot falls
out you will have to eat them.

Mother bent over Kat lap presenting me with my first view of her naked large and
bumpy ass. My cock was drooling at the sight as she was positioned on her lap
with her head to the floor and legs sticking straight out and spread apart to
the objects buried in her butt and cunt.

Kat wasted no time and beginning slapping her ass a lot harder than she had ever
done mind.  Mother was screaming and pleading with her that she would be a good
little girl and serve her every need from now on.  The banana dropped out after
the first 10 as I grinned at the sight of it popping out.  By the 25th, the
carrot soon followed and popped at least a foot in the air before it fell to the
floor.  Mother was nothing but a crying baby by that time.

Get on the floor and eat your banana and carrot, Kat demanded slapping her ass
really hard the last time.

I watched as mother got down on her hands and knees to the banana still crying
and starting eating it off the floor, as a dog would do.  Her large red ass was
pointed towards my face and I could see her asshole and cunt between her huge
cheeks.  Her large tits were flat on the floor as she licked and chewed the
banana till it was gone.  Kat reached down and picked up the carrot and held it
while she crawled forward and started chewing on it.  Kat patted her head and
told her she was going to be a good little doggie and she was going to give her
a treat.  Mother continued chewing and I noticed her cunt was dripping on the
floor behind her and she was now wiggling her redden ass like a dog excited.

Mikee, please get me some tootsie rolls from the table so I can feed my new dog.

My cock had made a large wet spot on the couch and it was as large as I have
ever seen it as I got up and ran to the table grabbing a handful and returned to
Kat. Kat was teasing mother jabbing her fingers in her mouth demanding she
cleaned them properly.  Mother didn't pay any attention to me as she sucked and
sucked on each finger wiggling her large ass in back in excitement.

Kat got up and turning around unwrapped the first one and put it in her asshole
as she had done me plenty of times in the past.  Mother immediately crawled
forth shoving her face in Kat beautiful ass and started munching on the roll.

Mikee get behind Lucy dog and widen her tight asshole with your fingers for me. 
I want her butt hole loose when I put her new tail in it, which I have made for
her.

I immediately got behind mother and started shoving two fingers in her hairy
asshole as Kat kept putting rolls in her ass and mother continued to eat them
out.  Mother ass was wiggling as I continued to probe it, pushing my fingers in
and out without any resistance.  Her large hairy cunt was dripping a puddle on
the floor down below as my cock was adding to the liquid spill.  Finally, mother
had eaten all the rolls from her ass and Kat demanded mother crawl behind her to
the bedroom.  She demanded I put on my sis lacy panties and the plug for my plug
she had gotten me and clean the room while they were gone.

I hurried to get dressed and started doing what she requested knowing big Sis
would be home later that night and I had better hurry.  I cleaned the floor and
the couch as best as I could and then continued to clean the rest till Kat
returned to the room with mother crawling on her hands and knees behind her with
a chain attached around her neck.

She led her to the table in the corner and tied the chain to her leg so she her
head was on the floor and her big ass sticking up in the air in back.  She had a
plug in her ass with a long string of her hair attached to the end of it.  Since
mother had long hair, it reached nearly to her knees in back.  She looked so
stuffed in her butt as she remained still with head to floor and ass pointing
straight up for viewing.  Kat gave her a friendly pat on her butt as mother
barked in reply.

I was still staring when I heard Sis car drive up in the driveway.

Kat, sis is home, I yelled.

Continue cleaning Mikee, she demanded.  I will tell you when you can quit unless
you want a spanking like your mother had earlier.

I went to the corner and started cleaning hoping to hide as best as I could as I
heard the door open in the other room.  I could hear footsteps coming in and
then my sis voice as she yelled out in surprise.

What the hell, she yelled.  Mother, Mikee what are you doing and where are your
clothes.

They are now my slaves as you will be too dear, Kate said from the chair, as I
continued working not daring to look back.

You can go to hell first, I heard sis yelled.  I'm out of here and I'll be back
with someone soon.

I heard her footsteps and then Kat steps afterwards as both left the room
hurriedly.  Mother was whining at the table but I dared not quit what I was
doing.  If I wasn't so excited, I would have felt sorry for her but every time I
turned around, I just looked at her plugged butt and got excited again.  My lacy
panties were soaking wet.

I had heard the door slam minutes earlier and knew both had left the house for
what seemed like an hour before I heard it open again.  Then I saw much to my
surprise Kat large body enter the room holding Ann my sis by her ear.  Ann was
totally naked and being led liked a young child.  Her boobs and cunt was small
compared to mum as I glanced back every once in a while to get a peak.

Kat lead her to the chair she had spanked mum earlier and pulled her over her
knee as she had done mum.  I heard the slaps falling on her ass peaking back and
seeing her squirming on her lap.  Ann was pleading with her to quit and telling
her she didn't mean what she had said earlier.  Soon she was crying also and
begging to serve Kat as the two of us had done.

Kat got her off her lap and led her again by the ear towards the bedroom as I
kept working peaking every chance I could.  I noticed mother cunt was wet again
and I could see the puddle on the floor underneath her butt and knew she had
gotten as excited as I did with the event.  My panties were so soaked that they
wouldn't hold the liquid anymore and was dripping too.

I could hear the ladies coming back and wondered what condition Ann may look
like.  I was totally surprise when I saw her walking behind Kat.

She had belt between her legs that went around her waist and down below her
crotch. I could see that a dildo must have been inserted in her cunt from the
way she walked in.  Her tits were tied together tightly and a small clamp was
attached to one which had a leash hooked on that Kat was leading her in the room
by.  As they passed, I noticed another rubber item in her butt that looked like
a plug also as she walked bowlegged trying to keep her legs apart.  Her hair was
tied in a bundle in back and attached by a string to the back of her waist band
so her head was tilted back slightly like she had an air of defiance.  She was
as pretty as I had ever seen her as she was led to the middle of the room.

Kat went to the table mother was tied and unhooked her chain scrolling her for
the wet spot on the floor.  She then took a seat on her chair and demanded I
come over as she spread her legs wide and pointed to her pussy, which I knew,
was my cue to get on my knees and service.  I started lapping away at her pussy
I was so excited.

Lucy dog go welcome your daughter home.  Lap her feet like the dog you are and
then work.  Be sure not to get up.

I could hear mother scrambling over and then noises from behind as I continued
licking Kat cunt till she came on my face.  She grabbed my hair and turned my
head around so I could see what was going on behind.  Mother was lapping Ann
legs and feet, as she just remained standing moaning and wiggling.  If I didn't
know better, I would have thought she was having an orgasm just standing and
being licked as she tried desperately to remain still while mother tongue was
wagging all over her bottom half.

Kat laughed at the sight and told me to get some rolls from the table and bring
them back to her, which I did hurriedly.  She told me to stand like Ann and
demanded mother lap me with her tongue like she did Ann who was demanded to come
to her.

I watched her do the same routine with Ann as she made her get on her knees with
much difficulty and eat the rolls out of her ass like we have done.  Mother
lapping on my feet and thighs drove me wild in excitement as I shot my load in
my panties.

Bad boy, I heard Kat say from the side with Ann face still buried in her ass
chewing the rolls.  When I done here, I have to take you to the bedroom and
punished you.  You are never allowed to cum without permission.

I continued to try to remain still standing but mother lapping was driving me
crazy.  It was as if she wanted me to get in trouble and doubling her efforts
lapping my thighs and the crack of my ass and balls drooping below.

Kat pushed Ann face away from her butt.  She walked over and grabbed mum chain
and tugged her crawling to the chair where Ann was sitting.  She tied her leash
to Ann feet and then made Ann stand up.

Walk around this room till I return she commanded them.  Maybe you will learn to
walk properly for a slave and your mum will learn to crawl like the dog she is. 
Don't stop till I tell you.  She slapped her ass across the butt plug to get her
attention.

I watched Ann try to walk with her holes plugged and mother leash tied to her
ankle.  It was quite funny to see her sway from side to side with mother big
butt wagging trying to keep up.  I was just enjoying the view when Kat slapped
my ass in back and told me to get on all fours and crawl to her room.  She
walked in back kicking my ass as I crawled.  When we got to her room, she made
me crawl to the center and remain in position.  I felt a lock of my hair cut off
and saw her walked over and attached it to one of the small dolls she had on the
counter. 

This gives me complete control of you, she laughed.  She got a pin in stuck it
in the doll rear as I felt a sharp pain in my ass and screamed.

Nasty boy, cumming without permission will not be tolerated, she laughed
sticking the pin in again as I whined in pain.

This is just a small part of what I can do to you if you disobey me, she said. 
Your mother and sister know that now and so do you.  I now own you and your
family and you will serve me as I wish.  Do you understand?

She lifted the doll leg backwards as my own leg lifted backwards as she had
done.  I was stunned.  She must be a witch.

Yes boy, she said, putting the leg back in place laughing at my fear.  I have
voodoo powers and the tootsie rolls ya have been eating are laced with some of
my potions to make it more powerful.  I can even control that wiener between
your legs if I want but I prefer to have it freely.  Are you going to obey me
from now on?

I shook my head in agreement and fear.

Good.  Pull off your panties.

Slowly I lowered my panties from behind and off my ankles.  She walked over and
inspected my butt plug to ensure it was firmly in place.  Next she got out a
brace like object, which she attached around my waist with a hole in front for
my cock.  It was slipped into the hole and forced to stand straight out.   She
then took a leash from her drawer and tightened the latch of it around my cock
so I could be led by it.  Going back to the drawer she got another plug and told
me to open up as she inserted it in my mouth and tied it around my head.

This will stay in place till I need your tongue, she said.  Picking up a small
crop, she pulled my leash behind me from under my legs and told me to crawl back
to the living room.  She strapped my butt hard with the crop as I crawled as
fast as I could.  The hits were no longer playful as before and hurt like hell
as I tried to pick up my pace to her laughter from behind.

Ann and mother were still walking and crawling as we entered and my ass I was
sure was well striped by the time we came in.  She led me over to her chair
where she sat down and made me sit on my knees to her side like a pup.  She told
Ann to come over and made her get on her knees in front of her.  She was
sweating from all the walking she had done but Kat paid little attention to it
as she spread her legs wide and grabbed her nose pulled her face down in her
crotch.  She demanded mother crawl to Ann side and lick my cock.  I was warned
if I can again, I would be more severely punished this time.

As mom started sucking on it, I thought I was going to get it again till I
realized that the hole was too small and as my cock swelled it hurt like hell. 
It was now longer pleasure as the pressure around my cock felt like it was going
to choked it apart. Kat noticed my reaction and laughed.  I don't think you will
come again without permission little boy, she laughed.

I remained in position in agony.  Mother was head was bobbing up and down on my
cock and I couldn't even come due to the pain I felt down there.

Kat finally tired of Ann and pulled her head up by her ear.

Lap your mommy big hindy girl while she sucks boy's cock.

Ann leaned back and started lapping mother big ass as I watched in pain and
agony at the beautiful sight below me.  I watched Kat get up and pick up the
phone.

Hi, Jewel.  I thought you might want to come over and enjoy my new slaves for
the night.  No.  They weren't any problem at all.  Quite submissive to begin
with just as you said.

I knew Jewel was mom sister's Mary maid.  Mary had recommended to mom to hire
Kat in the first place as I listened in disbelief that she had told her about
us.

Oh yes.  Of course you can bring that slut of yours.  I'm sure we can find
something for her big ass to do for our enjoyment.  You are.  Why good.  Give
her a hard whack for me also.

Kat hung up the phone and I realized that they must have been taking about Mary,
mom sister.  She must have been under Jewel thumb all this time and nobody even
knew it.  I thought about her big ass and all the times I had enjoyed admiring
it as my cock started swelling again and I moaned in pain.

Naughty boy.  Thinking about your aunt big butt wasn't you, Kat said, pinching
my ear.  The only butt you will enjoy around here is mine is that understood.

Yes mam, I yelled out in pain.

Good.  Now stand up boy.

I got up from my knees as my cock popped out of mom's mouth.  She unhooked mom
leash from Ann ankle and pulled her over to her feet where she grabbed her hair
and forced her mouth down to her toes.

Worthless dog.  Lick my feet.  Slut she yelled at Ann.  Prepare a bath for me
and make sure the water is nice and warm with all that bubble stuff in it.  I
want to be clean and refreshed when the guest arrives tonight.  Make sure my
toilet is clean too after all the time ya have sit your nasty butts on it.

Ann got up and started wobbling to the bathroom.  Her thighs were red from the
pressure of the belt around her waist.  I watched her passed by and noticed her
face despite the pain between her legs it glowed in excitement as she struggled
along.

Kat demanded I stand in front and turn around and wag by fanny for her as mom
continued her licking of her feet.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





