BDSM Library - The Hooker Fantasy




The Hooker Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A black hooker turns the tables on a white female domme and her mother.
The Hooker Fantasy I

Jean was a wealthy woman who was in to the BDSM scene.  She had paid for
services of slaves for years now, even had one on a full time basic.  She was
white in her mid 30 and wealthy enough to do anything she wanted.  That day at
work she had called the agency and told them she wanted a black slut for the
weekend to use.  They promised one would arrive at 6 tonight.  She called her
full time Mexican maid and slave and told her she had the night off.

She showered when she got home and dressed in her favorite nightie, a see
through short one.  She was going to enjoy using the slut tonight.

At 6 pm, the doorbell ranged as she got up and answered it.  A large black lady
in her late 20s was standing there.  She was at least a foot taller than her
with a nice large ass and tits that she could paddle all night long if she
wanted.  Her pussy was just wetting at the thought, as she demanded her to go to
the center of the room and undressed while she took a seat on the couch.  She
started rubbing her pussy as she saw her large breast pop out when her bra was
removed and then the huge ass when the panties fell down.  She was going to fuck
that ass good with her strap-on tonight.

The woman turned around and stood there awaking instructions while Jean was
massaging her pussy harder in anticipation.

Slut get on your knees and crawl over here and lick my cunt.  Time to meet your
mistress you whore.

The large black lady when on her knees and crawled over as Jean lifted her
nightie and pulled her panties to the side for her face.  When she arrived, she
wasted no time grabbing her hair shoving her face deep in her cunt. 

Lick bitch, she said grinding her cunt rapidly on her face.  She was using her
as a toy rubbing her cunt on her nose as she tried to lap at her pussy.  She
needed little time cuming on her face.

Get your ass on my lap.  Time to spank some black ass tonight and yours is big
enough.

The black lady slowly got over her lap as Jean pulled her into position and
wasted no time slapping her large ass cheeks.  She was begging for mercy in no
time but Jean was going to show her who was boss and kept slapping.

I'm going to fuck this ass of yours tonight slut and your going to lick my white
ass to thank me.  I've got a big black dildo just right for your big asshole. 
She was really enjoying the feeling of dominating the larger lady when the lady
slid off her lap and got up with tears in her eyes.

Did I say you could get up? Get your ass back down here now or I have you on the
streets begging for money as a whore.  I know plenty of important people you
slut.

No you want, said the lady and slapped her hard across the face knocking her
back on the couch.  The lady then threw a punch to her stomach, which took the
breath out of her.

You bitch; she screamed and tried to reach up to grab her when the woman hit her
jaw with another punch sending her flat on the couch and then turned around and
fell on her ass in the mid section of her stomach.  She couldn't breathe for the
pain as she felt her ribs were broken.

No more she screamed.  Please, I won't tell anybody.  Just go.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

The Hooker Fantasy II

No way, said the woman.  It's payback time for your white ass.  She grabbed her
by the hair dragging her off the couch like a child screaming.  Her size was too
great to escape as she found herself be put over the woman lap as she struggled
to get free.

Time to put some color in your white ass slut and my name is mistress to you.

She started slapping Jean ass in earnest as she squirmed and screamed at the top
of her lungs.  She had never been in this position.  She had always dished it
out and didn't care if they could take more or not.  Her ass was on fire as she
pleaded and begged.  Her cunt, which was soaking wet earlier, was starting to
get wet again even though the pain was horrible.  She found herself starting to
get horny as held and quit struggling in the woman lap.  She found herself doing
something very strange to her.  She started pleading to be the woman slut toy.

The black lady quit spanking her ass and starting laughing at her.  What have we
here a rich white bitch that wants to be a black lady slut?

Yes, mistress Jean cried below her.  She couldn't fight the urge between her
legs.  Her pussy was now soaking wet at the thought.

Her new mistress pushed her off her lap on the floor causing her to scream as
her ass hit the carpet.

Get your white face in my cunt slut and you better lick good or I'll beat that
white ass of yours all night long.

Jean had never licked pussy before but got on her knees and put her face in the
woman large hairy bush.  She started licking slowly as the woman grabbed both of
her ears pulling her face deep in her cunt cutting off most of her air supply. 
Her ears hurt from the pulling as she started licking harder and the wetness
between her legs was growing.  Damn, the humiliation was turning her on more
than her domination of sluts she knew in the past.  She licked faster as she
finally tasted the cum of her mistress rolling down her chin.

The black lady pushed her away and got up and bent over with her large ass
inches from Jean face as she stared at the ass she lusted for earlier.

I got another hole for you to lick you white trash.  Get you tongue in there.

Jean crawled forward and started licking her cheeks and then working in between
to her large hairy asshole.  Licking around it, she started working her tongue
inside slowly at first till it loosened and then in rapid motion as a dildo. 
The lady was moaning shoving her ass back and forth on her face.  She could see
her put her hand to her pussy rubbing it as Jean continued to tongue fuck her
ass.  Finally she bucked on Jean face and came.

Go to your room slut and get that big black dildo you promise me.  I have just
the place to put it in; she smiled down at Jean face covered with cum.

Jean got up and went to the table drawer pulling out the dildo and brought it
back.

Where does this cock go slut:

Up my white ass mistress.  I've been a bad girl.

Bend over.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

The Hooker Fantasy III

Jean turned around and bent over and spread her ass for her mistress who wasted
no time shoving the fake cock up her ass.  She felt like her ass was being
ripped in half as she had done to many sluts in the past herself.   It was
everything she could do to remain standing holding her ass apart and trying not
to cry out.

There not slut.  You're a stuff pig now for me to use.  Get on all fours and
crawl around.  I want to hear you oink as you crawl.

A hard slap on her upper thighs and Jean fell to the floor on all fours and
started crawling, oinking as she crawled.

Louder slut.

Oink!  Oink!  Jean kept crawling oinking in humiliation with her ass wiggling
with the dildo deeply buried inside.  Juices from her pussy were falling on the
floor in her excited state.   Her mistress gave her a kick in the ass to help
her move faster.

Much better, now remember to wiggle that fat white ass of yours more.  

Jean kept crawling and oinking for her mistress while trying to shuffle her ass
more and more to the side.  Her mistress finally got in front of her and told
her to lick her large feet as she fell down and started lapping on them as a dog
in heat.

I'm going to really enjoy putting a dog leash on her neck bitch, she yelled down
at Jean tonguing her feet.  I'm going to use that white ass and face of yours
till you beg to serve any black mistress.  Now get up on your feet bitch and
suck on my beautiful tits.

Jean got up from her position on the floor as the woman grabbed her hair and
forced her mouth on her large tit.  She tried to get most of it in her mouth and
started sucking on it as she felt her reach down and grab her cunt hair pulling
on them.  She started sucking harder as the woman thinking she was going to pull
them out if she didn't do a better job.  The quip on her hairs kept her pinned
to her as she inhaled more of the tit in her mouth working her tongue on it
inside. 

That's better slut.  Now the other one.

Jean ass was moving sideways as her cunt hurt from the pulling.  She couldn't
get loose of the quip and started working the other tit like the last as she
could hear her moaning in pleasure at her discomfort.

Much better slut she said releasing Jean hair from her head and pussy as Jean
put her hand down between her thighs to see if it was still there.  Rubbing her
cunt she thought her hairs must have grown 2 inches during the assault.

The lady wasn't near done with her yet as she stood holding her pussy in hand.

Get on the floor on your belly slut and spread those white legs of yours wide.

Jean fell to the floor and spread her legs wide.  Her pussy was still sore but
her ass hurt more from the stretch it was being put in.  The lady put her foot
on the dildo in her ass and push down causing Jean to yell.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

The Hooker Fantasy IV

From now on you're my slut and toy.  Do you understand slut.  She pushed down
again on the dildo.

Yes, yes, mistress.  I'm your slut.  I'll be your toy.  Please don't push.

I think I'm going to live here for a while with you slut.  Do you have any
objections?  You get to lick my ass and serve me all the time.  Wouldn't that be
nice?

Yes mistress.  Jean moaned, as the pain in her ass was getting intolerable. 
I'll do anything mistress.  My ass is yours.  Please mistress, no more, please.

Worm on the floor for me slut.  I want those tits of yours to feel that carpet. 
Do you understand?  Keep those legs wide.

Jean started scooting forth on the carpet.  Her tits was feeling like pins were
going through them but she dared not disobey or this woman would probably stomp
on her ass.  She had been cruel to her slaves but never like this.  She kept
crawling and begging as her tits were starting to feel like they were being
sandpapered.

Had enough, slut?  Are you going to be a good slut from now on?

Yes mistress, please.  I'll be a good slut.

Crawl to the corner and put your face in it.  Keep your ass bent over while I
watch TV.  I'll tend to you later.

Jean got up and ran to the corner and bent forward with her face in it.  Her ass
was sticking straight out still plugged and her tits were red from the carpet
burn.  She could hear the TV playing but dared not looked back.  She hoped the
lady would go to sleep early.  She remained for about 30 minutes till the lady
called.

Get your ass over here slut.  I need a footrest.  Your ass will do for a while.

Jean ran over and got down on the carpet with head on floor and ass high.  She
felt the lady lay her foot on the upper part of her ass.

Don't move slut or I'll shove that dildo so deep in your ass; you'll never get
it out.

Jean remained motionless with the extra weight shifting on her butt.

I have to pee, slut. Take me to the bathroom.

Jean got up and led the lady to the upstairr bedroom.  She started to sit on the
john when she saw a funnel item attached over the bathtub.  What's that for
slut.

Jean started crying.  I use it to pee in my slaves mouth she cried.  She was
hoping she didn't see it.

And how do you do that slut.

I make them get in the tub and put the funnel in their mouth and then squat on
them and pee, she cried.

The lady got up.  Assume position slut.  Time you drink piss.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

The Hooker Fantasy V

Jean still crying stepped into the tub as she had made her house girl and all
her previous victims do in the past.  She knew the routine as she got on her
back in the tub and put the large funnel in her mouth.  The top of the funnel
was about 4 inches with the bottom was 2.  It filled her mouth and left it open
for whatever was put in.  She watched her mistress get up and come over. 
Straddling her head backwards, she slowly lowered herself down on the funnel
while adjusting her position so that her pussy was centered on it.  Jean could
see her asshole twitching only inches from her face and awaiting her fate.  Her
wait was not long, as she felt her mistress piss flowing in her mouth and she
tried to swallow as fast as she could to keep from choking.  It was like trying
to down a full drink in one large swallow.  It tasted salted but she didn't care
as she was swallowing as fast as she could.  Finally it ended when she thought
she was going to choke.

The mistress got up and out of the tub looking back at Jean tearful face.  Time
to wash off slut she said and turned the cold water on as it splashed on her
face down below and all over her breasts.  Seeing her soaking wet and shaking,
she turned it back off.

Clean your funnel and mouth slut and shave that hairy pussy of yours.  There
better be no hair down there when you come downstairs or I'll pull it out one by
one.  She walked out the room leaving Jean lying in the tub soaking wet with the
taste in her mouth.

Jean got up totally humiliated but sexually excited.  She had never been this
horny before.  She had always dished it out and never thought how it must have
felt.  She didn't enjoyed that last event but the wetness between her legs told
her she would never go back now.  The dildo was starting to relax in her asshole
now and she pushed it deeper in and grabbed some scissors and razor and began
the task of removing her pussy hairs.  She thought she would come with every
touch of it.  Finally she inspected it and removed the hairs remaining and when
downstairs.   This lady had made her nothing but a bitch like she had done to
others and she was drooling for more punishment.

Her mistress was seated in a chair when she came down and immediately demanded
she come over and sat on her lap as a child.  She adjusted her so her ass was
over the edge and she grabbed the dildo in her ass and demanded that she tell
her all her past deeds and others who had help her.  She was delighted when Jean
told on her mother who would come over and enjoy her slaves more than her.  She
told on them all as her mistress worked the dildo in and out her ass not caring
if it got them in trouble or not.  Her mistress had enough information to put
them all in jail if she wanted but right now Jean had to come and she was
rocking back and forth on the plug.

Get your ass up slut.  You will call your house girl and tell her what had
happened and that she now works for me.  She is to go over to your mother's
house and pick her up and bring her to me.  She can do what she wants with her
as long as she is here by 7.  As for that bitch mother of yours, she's going to
get her white ass kicked by a real woman.  I plan to make her my slut too.  Call
her up and tell her she is to be naked at the door awaiting Amber when she
arrives.

Jean knew she was in trouble and pleaded for her mistress not to include the
others to no avail.  She had told on them all and didn't even get to come. 
Crying she went to the phone and made the calls.  Amber was in joy at the
thought of course and even made her tell her that she wanted to lick her asshole
over the phone.  Her mother on the other hand yelled at first and then started
crying over the phone.  There was no escape now; as she pleaded, Jean hung the
phone up.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

The Hooker Fantasy VI

Jean competed the evening bathing her new mistress and preparing her meal.  Her
mistress took great delight in making her lick her food from her pussy and ass. 
Finally 7 pm came and the dreaded knock on the door.  Her mistress demanded she
answer it still totally nude with butt plugged.

When she opened the door, she saw her mother totally nude in front of her.  Her
hands were tied behind her back and her tits were roped together with stripes
across them.  A cloth pin was attached to her pussy clit.  Her maid Amber, a lot
smaller than her mother in height, was standing behind her with her hand doing
something in back of her mother ass.  She was smiling and her mother was
moaning.  Amber was grinning when she saw Jean and Jean could sense the fear of
revenge in her eyes.  She moved aside as they entered and noticed that mother
favorite dildo was inserted in her own asshole and Amber was pushing it in and
out.  Her ass was totally striped in back also.

Come in.  Her mistress called from inside the living room.  Slave Jean go clean
the dishes while I talk to Amber for awhile.

Jean went into the kitchen and started washinig the dishes grafeful that she
didn't have to be in the living room at the moment..  When they were completed,
she cleaned off and walked back in.  Her mother was over her mistress lap and
her ass and thighs were totally red.  She was pleading and promising to be a
good slave and slut.  Amber was at her side pulling on the clamps on her tits as
she yelled.  Seeing her walk in, Amber stopped and grinned at Jean as she walked
across the room.

Amber slapped her hard on the face.

On your knees slut.  Kiss my feet.

Jean got on her belly and started kissing amber feet which she loved to use a
belt on.  Amber was laughing at her and started putting one toe and then two in
her mouth at a time as she sucked on them.

You must not be enjoying the taste of my foot slut, she said and walked behind
her.  She put her big toe in Jean ass and pushed the dildo down hard in it.

You want to do a better job this time slut.

Yes mistress, Jean yelled as she removed her foor and crawled around and started
sucking harder.

Much better slut, said Amber.

She finally removed her foot from her mouth.

Since you like my ass so much, crawl around and lick it slut.  I remember all
the days I wasn't able to sit after you was through with it and it's payback
time, bitch.

Jean crawled behind and started tonguing her asshole.  She knew she better do a
good job because her ass was going to be blistered in a litter while and maybe
she could save some of it.  She could hear her mistress telling her mother to
dance in front of her and knew the clamps must be pinching her tits while she
was doing it.  She kept focus on Amber ass at present and continued licking.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

The Hooker Fantasy VII

Better get use to the taste, slut, Amber called down.  Donna has made me her
personal trainer for both of you sluts and I planned to spank those big asses of
ya tilll you can't sit for days.

Jean started pushing her tongue deeper inside as she felt her own cunt wetting
at the thought.  She was no longer proud and argonent.  All she wanted to be now
was a slut toy.  Amber was laughing at something and moved to the side to show
Jean her mother.  Donna had grabbed her mother by her clit with a good grib on
it while she was dancing and her mother was yelling that she was a slut, whore,
and all other names as she kept wiggling her ass while she danced for her
mistress.  Amber sat on a chair and demanded Jean crawl over and lick her pussy
as she watched the action from across the room.

Donna released her grip on her mother pussy and told her to turn around and
continue dancing.  She grabbed the dildo in her ass and was shoving it in and
out while she wiggled it.  Her mother was sweating and tiring fast.  Her asshole
would never be the same again as she tried desperately to maintain the dance
while pleading for mercy.  Finally, Donna stopped.

I have to pee slut.  You know the routine I am told.  You better be there and
ready when I get there.

Jean mother started running towards the bathroom upstairs while holding the
dildo in her ass.  Donna and Amber was laughing at her as Amber climax on Jean
face down below.

Get on your back slut and put that worthless ass of yours over my knee.  I got a
score to settle with it.

Jean turned over and got on her back and lifted her legs over her mistress knees
so her ass was a perfect target for her new trainer.  Amber grabbed her ankles
to secure her position.

I always hated looking at your fat ass but I guess it's not that bad after all,
she said and raising her hand brought it down hard on Jean ass as she yelled. 
Plenty more to go slut.

Amber was slapping her ass hard and fast as Jean was wailing down below and
could do nothing about it.  The dildo popped out of her ass due too the hard
slaps as she wiggled her ass helplessly over her lap.  She was crying like a
baby when Amber finally stopped.  She knew she better not sit for awhile after
that.  Amber pushed her off her lap on the floor as she jumped from the pain of
the carpet.

Get your dildo with your mouth slut and bring it to me so I can shove it up your
ass.

Jean crawled over and picked up the dildo with her mouth and brought it back
over.  Amber made her open her mouth as she toyed with her shoving it in and out
before shee made her turn around and spread her ass cheeks.  Her asshole was
sore and she pleaded with her to be gentle.  Instead she pushed it in while 2
shoves causing her to yell out in pain.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





