BDSM Library - Mother Grounded




Mother Grounded
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother is dominated by her daughter friend into becoming her sexual plaything.
Mother Grounded I

Cindy was pissed again at her mom.  The bitch had taken the car away again. 
Since dad passed away years ago, she had taken over everything and was in total
control of her life.  Here she was in her late teens and couldn't do anything. 
She had talked it over with a friend of hers who had a similar problem.  At
first the thought of turning her into a slave was a joke but as they talked more
and more, Cindy was getting more and more interested in the thought.  Sandy said
she thought she could do it herself if Cindy agreed to pay her back later if she
did.  Cindy wanted to hire someone else but decided why not let her try to see
mother bites on it.  If not, she would try it on her own.  They picked a Friday
night so Sandy could stay over for the weekend and her own parents wouldn't
suspect anything.

Hi Mrs. Jones, said Sandy entering the door as the older lady let her in.  Ann
Jones had a nice body even through it was kind of chubby at the waist and ass,
Sandy thought as she went passed.

She's upstairs in her room studying, Ann said turning around and heading back to
the living room to watch her show on TV.  She sat back on her couch and relaxed
till she heard the girls back in the lobby and then the door shutting.  If Cindy
takes the car, she was going to ground her for a month.  Sandy entered the
living room as she continued her show.

Cindy went to store down the street to get some things she needed for school. 
You don't mind if I sit with you for a while.  She popped down in a chair almost
opposite from Ann. 

Sure have a seat, Ann said.  She couldn't fail to notice that as Sandy sat down
her short skirt revealed no panties underneath as she tried not to stare or say
anything.  She returned to the show only to glance back every once in a while to
look up her dress.  Each time she looked Sandy legs were spread a little wider
with her pussy twinkling at her.  She hadn't had sex for years and never with a
female as mixed feelings were flowing in her mind.  She wondered what it would
be like to kiss it.

Mrs. Jones why are you so red in the face.  Are you looking at my pussy?

Ann was taken back from her bluntness.

If I was your mother, I would spank you for not wearing panties, she said
turning her head trying to avoid her look.  It shameless to go around like that
young lady.

Why?  There's only us girls here and we all have one.  It's' not like we haven't
seen each other's in the past, is it?  She spread her legs wide so Ann had a
full view of her cunt.

Ann almost fainted in embarrassment staring down.  She didn't want to keep this
line of questioning going.

Quit acting like a slut.  I think I'll call your mother and let her know what
your doing.  Getting up she started for the phone.

Go ahead, mom doesn't care, Sandy said.  Lifting her skirt up, she starting
rubbing her cunt as Ann turned back looking at her.  She noticed Ann froze at
the sight as she continued to rub up and down on the clit.  Ann face was turning
red but she wasn't moving so she knew she had the older woman now.  She had to
go slow however if she wanted to make it work.

My hand is never as good as a tongue, she told her working it harder in front of
her.  She watched Ann start to come over and then turn around and head for the
kitchen.

I got food to prepare; she lied, exiting the room as fast as she could.

Sandy got up and walked into the kitchen to find Ann preparing a salad on the
kitchen counter.  She noticed her hands were shaking as she was trying to pare
the carrot.  Stepping up behind her slowly she reached down and slipped her hand
between her pant thighs and found her cunt.  She noticed no resistance as she
started stroking it through her pants and felt the wetness in the material.  Ann
was working her butt back on her finger as she continued to torment her with the
rubbing.  She knew the older woman was hers now as she continued stroking her in
back.

I think you're the one needing a spanking she whispered in back of her ear. 
Your wet looking at my pussy.  You don't want me to call mom and tell her do
you.

No, please.  Ann gasped at the thought.  She couldn't move as the hand continued
to stroke her cunt.

Drop your pants, Sandy whispered again.  I'm going to spank my bitch.

Ann was shocked at the words of the young girl and her daughter friend but she
couldn't resist now.  She dropped the parer and reached down and lower her pants
down letting them fall where they may.

Now the panties, Sandy said, slapping her ass sharply to get her point across.

Ann reached down pulling her panties down to her knees, as she lay back on the
counter ashamed to be so exposed in front of her daughter friend.  Her thighs
were wet from her own pussy juices as she wished she could find a closet to
crawl in and hide.

Owlllll, she yelled, as she felt a hard slap to her right ass cheek.  Owwllll,
another fell.

The slaps were hard and hurt.  Her pussy juices were splattering on her thighs
with each slap. 

Owww.  Please no more.  Owwllll.

Her ass was starting to sting in back .  Please no more.

She heard Sandy whisper in her ear.  Are you going to be a good little bitch or
do I need to spank your fat ass more.

No, I'll be good, she yelled back.

From now on call me mistress, Sandy whispered.  You're bitch.  She gave her
another hard slap on her ass.  Give me the carrot bitch.

Ann got the carrot from the counter and put it behind her so Sandy could grab
it.

Spread your ass bitch.

Ann hesitated till she felt another hard slap on her ass and then reached back
spreading here redden ass in front of the young lady.  She felt the carrot at
her cunt and then working it way inside as she pushed down to help get it in. 
Sandy was teasing her keeping it at the opening as she tried to keep lowering
her cunt on it.

Do my bitch need a good fucking, she asked?

She mistress, fuck me mistress.

She felt the carrot leave her cunt and then felt the tip at her asshole.

Nooooo...............

Ann gasped as the carrot entered her ass letting go her cheeks and grabbing the
counter.  Sandy was still trying to force it in as she gasped and grabbed the
counter trying to hold on to it.  She was being ass raped by a young girl half
her age in her own kitchen.  What would anyone think of her if they found out? 
She was gasping for air as the carrot finally worked its way all the way in and
Sandy let her get used to the feeling for a moment.  She felt Sandy walk away as
she stayed positioned.

Turn around bitch and look at your mistress.

Ann turned and saw Sandy sitting on a chair totally naked with her legs fully
spread.

Crawl here and lick my cunt, bitch.

Ann knees felt weak as she slowly got down on all fours with her ass still
stuffed and made the long crawl to her young mistress.  She didn't have long to
look at her beautiful clit before she felt her hair being pulled and her face
stuff in her cunt.

Lick Bitch.

Ann started licking the young girl cunt with her nose buried in its hairs.  She
had never licked pussy before but it had been so long since she had sex it
tasted so good.  She lap like a dog and then worked inside the tight hole.  Her
ass was rocking in back as Sandy kept a tight hold on her hair.

That's your daughter coming home, Sandy said from above releasing her hair.

Ann jumped back in surprise.  She had forgotten all about Cindy.  She reached
back to pull the carrot out.

No bitch.  Leave it in and pull up your pants, Sandy demanded.

Ann wasn't going to argue with so little time as she got up and pulled up her
panties and wiped her lips with her arm.

Better push the carrot deeper, Sandy smiled or she see the hump in your ass.

Ann reached back and pushed the carrot all the way in gasping as it stuffed her
ass.  She had barely turned around when Cindy walked in.  Returning to the
salad, she completed the chore and took out some quick sandwiches she had
prepared earlier while the girls talked at the table.  Sandy was telling Cindy
about a lesbian mother she knew as Ann tried to avoid them and prayed she
wouldn't say anything.  When she sat down opposite them.  She gasped as she had
forgotten about the carrot and it penetrated her ass deep.

Mom, are you all right, Cindy asked.  You look awful red.

Just a cold dear, she lied, trying to move slowly so the carrot would tilt
slightly.  She wasn't hungry but ate to avoid any conversation as the girls were
taking about sex now, which she had never allowed in her home.  She didn't dare
say anything to them.

I'm going to go up and take a shower and then go to bed, Cindy said.  I have a
lot of things to do tomorrow.  She got up and gave Ann a peck on the cheek. 

Mom, you really need to take something for that.  You just look awful.

I'll stay and help your mother with the dishes, Sandy said, giving Ann a cold
stare daring her to say anything.

As soon as Cindy departed the room, Sandy got up and moving sexy walked around
the table where Ann was sitting.  Ann was breathing hard as she approached not
daring to move as she stepped behind her and putting her hands down her front
started unbuttoning her blouse till her tits were exposed.  She grabbed the
nipples and started pinching and tweaking them as Ann felt her breath on her
shoulder in back.  Ann squirmed in the chair as the young lady was mauling her
tits.

Is my bitch horny, Ann whispered in her ear while she continued to pull and
twist her tits?  Ann was going crazy, as her own cunt was wet beneath.

Yes mistress, she whispered back.

I just hate it when something interrupts the training of my bitch.  Do you want
to continue licking my cunt bitch?

Ann wanted to say no and leave but the tender rubbing of her tits now was
driving her insane.  Yes mistress, she softy replied.

Sandy pulled her hair in back and told her to get up.  She had her removed her
blouse while she stroked her tits in front feeling them up and down.  Lifting
her skirt up, she demanded Ann get on her knees and put her face in her cunt and
begged to lick it.

Slowly Ann got down and put her face back in her cunt.

Please mistress let this bitch lick your cunt she pleaded.

Come get it, Sandy demanded stepping backwards slightly as Ann crawled on her
knees forward trying to push her face back in.  As soon as she would reach it,
Sandy would back up again, making her repeat her movement.  Finally Sandy
stepped back and slapped her face hard causing Ann to freeze in pain.

Clean the dishes bitch.  When you get done, come to your bedroom.  I'll be
waiting on your there.  You better be naked when you come or I'll have to spank
you fat ass again.  Turning she walked away leaving Ann gasping for air on the
floor.

Ann just stayed in position stunned at how the young girl had manipulated her so
easy.   She fought the feeling of sickness in her stomach at what a slut she had
become.  Everything she was doing was wrong but the dampness in her cunt was
driving her crazy.  The image of the girl cunt in her face was implanted now as
she got up and got busy.  If Cindy ever found out she would be dead meat she
thought.  She finished the dishes fighting the urge to go up but couldn't resist
the temptation to get going.  Removing her pants and panties, she removed the
carrot and threw it in the garbage as she started her journey upstairs to her
own room.  She listened and looked around each corner to make sure Cindy was not
awake.

Entering the room, she saw Sandy lying on her bed totally naked rubbing her
pussy slowly.  She looked so beautiful as she approached.  She wanted nothing
more than to bury her face in that cunt and lap it till dawn.

Your room is a mess bitch, Sandy yelled at her as Ann prayed she would keep her
voice lower.  Get on all fours and pick up your clothes with your mouth, she
continued to yell.

Sandy was right.  She had forgotten to clean up for a couple of days now as she
got down and starting crawling around.  Picking each item in her mouth including
her panties, she put each of them in the basket she use to carry them down with. 
Sandy watched sitting on the side of the bed as she continued the humiliated
task at hand.  When she was done she crawled back eyeing Sandy cunt all wet by
the bedside only inches from her face.

Did I tell you that you could remove the carrot bitch, Sandy yelled.

No mistress, Ann replied.

Get your belt and bring it here.  I'm going to have to teach my bitch to obey.

Ann went to the dresser drawer and brought out a belt she used for a pair of her
dress pants.  When she returned, Sandy made her get over her lap.  Picking up
her panties, she put them in Ann face.

Better chew on these or your daughter may hear you screamed, she laughed as Ann
hesitated and then opened her mouth as the soiled panties was inserted. 

Twenty should be enough for you big ass.  Whack.

Ann jumped in pain.  It the panties weren't in her mouth she would have yelled
as the kick had hit her as hard as she could.  Whack.  She jumped again.  Boy it
hurt like hell.  She wiggled trying to avoid the next as it landed across both
ass cheeks at the same time.  She yelled into the stuffed panties in pain.  By
the tenth blow she was in tears and by the end she was crying and squirming like
a baby.

That should be enough for my bitch tonight.  Are you going to disobey me again?

Ann shook her head that she wouldn't as Sandy started massaging her striped ass
making her clench in response.  She pushed her off her lap as Ann landed on the
floor with a pop and then jumped from the feeling of her ass hitting the floor.

Take my panties out your mouth and put them in your ass bitch.

Ann looked up in disappointment and anger but with one look at the sternness in
Sandy eyes began removing the panties and griping her ass cheeks slowly started
the task of trying to stuff her butt with them.  She pushed with her finger till
it was firmly inserted before returning her glaze back to her new mistress. 
Sandy meanwhile was lying back on the bed on her stomach.

Time to worship my beautiful ass bitch, she said, looking down at Ann pitiful
face.  I want it kiss all over before you shove your nasty tongue in it.

She saw Ann hesitate on the floor and knew she was considering rebellion.

Do you want me to go get your daughter to help you bitch?

Ann immediately got up and climbed on the back of the bed and started the
dreaded task of kissing the young girl ass all over.  Sandy made it hard on her
wiggling her ass so her nose was in and out her crack.

Enough kissing bitch.  Get your tongue in there and clean my ass.

The words stun Ann in anger but she dared not disobey.  She started working
around the rim of her asshole and then using her tongue as a dildo started
working it in and out.  Sandy moaned from the bed in delight from her rear
worship.

Ann had drifted off to sleep after servicing Sandy ass and cunt.  She awoke
alone in bed with cum all over her face and mouth.  Sandy had made her lick her
ass till she came and then her pussy while she was still on her stomach.  Her
nose was buried in her ass crack all the time she licked her pussy.  She didn't
know if she went to sleep first of Sandy.  Her whole body ached from the
position she went to sleep in.  Slowly she got up to find a note attached to her
ass with tape.  She peeled it off and read it.

You may remove my panties from your ass and then take a shower to clean up.  You
will put on the see through nightee only I left on the dresser.  You will put on
no panties or bra of any kind.  Nor will you put on any slippers.  You will also
tie your hair in a ponytail.  When you are done, you will join us in the kitchen
where Cindy and me are having coffee.  Do not disobey or not only will I tell
Cindy but also mom and dad.

Ann finished the note in fear.  She knew she was now in trouble.  The only thing
she could do was hope the girl would get tire of her and then move on.  She
signed and then went to the bathroom and took a shower.  She realized that she
hadn't even come yet and still felt damp between her legs.  She rubbed her cunt
till she was close to cumming before she caught herself and realized that she
may get in trouble.  Fixing her hair, she put on her nightgown and realized that
you could see all the way through it.  Cindy had never seen her like this and
she hoped she wouldn't notice it much.  Walking down the stairs, she felt weak
in the legs trying not to think about what had happened.

Both girls were busy talking when she arrived but she noticed Cindy look at her
as she passed.  Ignoring her she continue on and got a cup of coffee and
returned to the table hoping no one would say anything to her.

Mom, you look like a slut like that.  What happened to your rear?  It looks like
someone had beaten you or something.

Ann froze trying to think of how to reply and blushed deeply.

I was cleaning the closet last night and fell down in it, she lied.  Kind of
scratched me up a bit I'm afraid.

Didn't you forget to put your panties on, Cindy continued to Ann frustration?

Look honey, we are all women here and it's not a big issue.  Just eat your meal
and let me be.

Cindy is going shopping today, Sandy said, looking at her with a smile across
her face.  That will leave both of us here to get to know each other more. 
Wouldn't that be nice?

Ann heart dropped at her words as she glanced back and forth between her and
Cindy and then told her it would be very nice.  She slumped in her chair
dreading what was going to happen next but at least Cindy wouldn't be there to
see it.  Drinking her coffee, she ignored the girls trying to avoid any more
conversation or looks.

Cindy excused herself and went up to change with Sandy tagging along to help. 
Ann clean the dishes and then went to the living room to watch TV as the girls
returned downstairs.  Cindy was in a very short mini-shirt you could see up with
little difficulty.

Doesn't Cindy look nice, Sandy asked?

Yes honey, you look nice, she replied noticing Cindy mixed look at her. 
Normally she would have grounded her for going out in such an outfit, but today
was different.  I'll take your car, Cindy said, smiling as she walked out.  She
was still grounded and Ann almost jumped up to protest when she saw Sandy stern
look at the side and then replied fine.

No sooner than Cindy was out the door, when Sandy turned around.

Get your ass off the couch bitch.

Ann jumped at the tone of her voice standing up like a young child awaiting
punishment.

Now that Miss Prissy gone it time to put you in your proper place, Sandy
announced, my bitch.

Sandy walked over as Ann stood in her nightgown just staring as she approached. 
Taking her nipples by the nips, Sandy pulled them straight up causing Ann to
whine in pain.

On your hands and knees bitch.

Ann dropped down on the floor on her hands and knees as Sandy lifted her
nightgown in back exposing her striped ass from the previous night.  She started
slapping her ass cheeks as Ann yelled in pain.

This is for your nasty comments over the table earlier.  Now crawl bitch.

Ann started crawling around the room while Sandy kicked her butt as she went. 
From now on, if I ever hear you complain or say something I don't like you can
expect to have your ass spanked.  Is that understood bitch.

Yes mistress Ann replied crawling around.  The foot had entered her crack
several times.

Good now crawl here and lick my feet bitch.

Ann crawled forward and started lapping Sandy feet.  She could smell her own ass
on them from the kicks earlier.  Sandy let her lick on them for a while before
she sat down on the couch and demanded she crawl forward and turn around. 
Pushing her head to the floor, she told her she needed a footrest and lifted her
nightgown higher exposing her ass upward in the air.  She placed both feet on
her ass and sat back and played with her cunt while Ann maintained her
embarrassing position.

Is my bitch horny now, she asked down at Ann like a child?

Yes mistress, Ann replied.

Spread your ass bitch.

Ann reached back spreading her cheeks exposing her asshole to the young girl. 
Sandy placed her large toe at the entrance.

Fuck my toe bitch.

Ann started working Sandy toe in her asshole till it couldn't go no farther. 
Her other foot was still on her back as she started rocking back and forth on it
as Sandy continued to fridge her cunt.

That the way bitches get fuck, she heard Sandy say from above.  Get use to it
bitch.  Sandy pushed as hard as she could to get the toe deeper in Ann ass as
Ann moaned in pleasure and then continued to rock on it.  Her cunt was on fire
from the abuse she was taking from this girl.

Now that Miss Prissy gone it time to put you in your proper place, Sandy
announced, my bitch.

Sandy walked over as Ann stood in her nightgown just staring as she approached. 
Taking her nipples by the nips, Sandy pulled them straight up causing Ann to
whine in pain.

On your hands and knees bitch.

Ann dropped down on the floor on her hands and knees as Sandy lifted her
nightgown in back exposing her striped ass from the previous night.  She started
slapping her ass cheeks as Ann yelled in pain.

This is for your nasty comments over the table earlier.  Now crawl bitch.

Ann started crawling around the room while Sandy kicked her butt as she went. 
From now on, if I ever hear you complain or say something I don't like you can
expect to have your ass spanked.  Is that understood bitch.

Yes mistress Ann replied crawling around.  The foot had entered her crack
several times.

Good now crawl here and lick my feet bitch.

Ann crawled forward and started lapping Sandy feet.  She could smell her own ass
on them from the kicks earlier.  Sandy let her lick on them for a while before
she sat down on the couch and demanded she crawl forward and turn around. 
Pushing her head to the floor, she told her she needed a footrest and lifted her
nightgown higher exposing her ass upward in the air.  She placed both feet on
her ass and sat back and played with her cunt while Ann maintained her
embarrassing position.

Is my bitch horny now, she asked down at Ann like a child?

Yes mistress, Ann replied.

Spread your ass bitch.

Ann reached back spreading her cheeks exposing her asshole to the young girl. 
Sandy placed her large toe at the entrance.

Fuck my toe bitch.

Ann started working Sandy toe in her asshole till it couldn't go no farther. 
Her other foot was still on her back as she started rocking back and forth on it
as Sandy continued to fridge her cunt.

That the way bitches get fuck, she heard Sandy say from above.  Get use to it
bitch.  Sandy pushed as hard as she could to get the toe deeper in Ann ass as
Ann moaned in pleasure and then continued to rock on it.  Her cunt was on fire
from the abuse she was taking from this girl.

Pushing her away with her feet.  Sandy demanded she clean her toe.  Ann didn't
enjoy the thought of licking her own ass off her feet and try to crawl away only
to have Sandy jump on her back.  Pushing her head back down to the floor, Sandy
proceeded to spank her ass till Ann begged to lick it.  Finally Sandy stopped
and Ann crawled forward crying taking the toe in her mouth and sucking on it.

You will punish again later for disobeying bitch, Sandy said.

Ann only groaned from below.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Mother Grounded IX

Pushing her away with her feet.  Sandy demanded she clean her toe.  Ann didn't
enjoy the thought of licking her own ass off her feet and try to crawl away only
to have Sandy jump on her back.  Pushing her head back down to the floor, Sandy
proceeded to spank her ass till Ann begged to lick it.  Finally Sandy stopped
and Ann crawled forward crying taking the toe in her mouth and sucking on it.

You will punish again later for disobeying bitch, Sandy said.

Ann only groaned from below.

Sandy watched Ann sucking on her toes with gleam in her eyes.  She knew she had
her right where she wanted her.  Her daughter would be hers soon too but that
would come later.  She reached down and grabbed her pony tail forcing her too
get up bent over.

Come on bitch.  Were going for a ride.

No please begged Ann.  I'm not dressed.  Someone will see.

Who would want to look at you bitch, Sandy said dragging her out the house
despite her pleas and to the car where she opened the door.

Get on the floor with your ass upwards towards the wheel, she commanded.   Or if
you prefer, I'll strip you and make you sit upright so everyone can see you.

Ann complied begging the hold time as she struggled to get in Sandy's car.  The
seat was pushed all the way back allowing her enough room to crowd in barely. 
She couldn't move a muscle however.    Her ass was pointing up only inches from
the steering column.

Sandy got in, starting the car she pulled out the driveway down the road.  Ann
stayed as low as she could as she felt Sandy lift her nightgown up exposing her
ass to any truckers that may drive by.

It was about a fifteen minute drive before Sandy stop the car to Ann horror. 
Ann was pleading to do anything as Sandy got out and went to the other door and
opened it.  Ann saw an adult bookstore in front of her.

Time to go shopping for my bitch, Sandy said grabbing Ann ponytail and tugging
her out the car.  Despite her pleas, she was force out and exposed in her see
through nightee to all.  She tried to cover her privates as they entered the
store.  A lady was at the counter and gave her a look as they walked in.  Ann
was extremely thankful that no one else seem to be there.

Here's my shopping list, Sandy said, handing her a paper list.  Go get
everything and you better hurry before someone else comes in.

Ann was totally red in the face while still trying to hide her privates from the
counter woman.  Sandy went over to talk to her as Ann glanced at the list in
disbelief.  The following was written on it:

A dog collar and lease to lead my bitch around.
A butt plug to shove up her bitchy little asshole.
A dildo to put in my bitch mouth.
A paddle, cattail, and whip to use on my bitch ass.
Clamps to put on my bitch big tits and cunt.
A hood to cover my bitch ugly face.
An enema kit to clean my bitch ass.
Lesbian BDSM magazenes to read while my bitch eats me.

Ann froze only a minute and knew she had to obey.  She started working as fast
as she could to find the items her mistress listed and get out as soon as
possible.  She made several trips to drop items on the counter and return for
others as they laugh at her.  Finally she had everything on the list the store
offered.

Sandy gave the woman a credit card and Ann realized it was hers.  She must have
brought over 300 dollars of items as her jaw dropped as the lady made her sign
for the purchase.  The lady packed everything except the butt plug which Sandy
took from her.

Bend over and spread your ass bitch, she demanded.  Time to fuck my bitch again.

Ann slowly turned around and lifted her nightgown spreading her ass to the
counter lady view.  Sandy took her time working the dildo in her ass while she
gasped from the intrusion.

Tell you what.  Since you brought so many items and it looks like her asshole is
going to be stretched, I'll let you have the next larger size free.

Sandy thanked her and slapping Ann on her butt told her to go get it.

Ann wanting to get out as fast as possible rushed to get the item as she walked
sideways from the pressure in her ass.  Picking it up, she returned as Sandy
opened the door for her and told her to get in the car.  She needed no couching
as she hurrily got in to avoid any onlookers.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





