BDSM Library - Black Owned Plantation




Black Owned Plantation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Slaves rebel and take over a white plantation family.
Black Owned Plantation

The takeover had been completed.  Jim the owner, his wife Denise, and two elder
daughters Kate and Lynn were all captured and tied nude to the walls of their
plantation living room by their previously owned slaves.  The slave master and
several other white plantation workers had been killed in the action and they
were the only ones left.  Denise watched as the ramrod of the slaves, now Master
John had taken her husband and tied him over a chair before stuffing his huge
cock up his ass for the final humiliation.

They had five slaves on their plantation.  John was the eldest and master of the
uprising.  Several elderly maids Flo and Louise and one chamber girl Marcy was
also there.  Two of the younger studs Pete and Curly were at the side of the
room masturbating their large cocks as Jim was groaning and begging for mercy,
which he knew, were never coming.  Jim had been rough on the slaves treating
them like animals at time, Denise thought back.  Several times she had even
caught the girls flashing the younger studs their asses in the window and then
watching them be punished for looking.  Knowing Jim had laid Marcy several
times; she herself had taken vengeance on Marcy and the elderly black ladies in
the past with regular beatings.  Payback was really going to be hell, she
thought.

Despite her fear, she couldn't help but get wet between her legs watching her
husband screaming and John large cock going in and out his battered ass.  She
noticed the girls must have been having the same thoughts as they squirmed
against the walls tightening the fiction between their legs.

Finally John had his fun shooting his load in Jim ass.  Calling the boys to his
side, they lifted Jim off the chair and tied his hands to his ankles so his
large ass was sticking up in back with John cum dripping down.

Marcy, take this new cunt outside and do what you want with him for a while,
John called the young girl.  Here's a bamboo rod.  I'm sure you can find a good
use for it.

Marcy quickly got up from her chair where she had been watching the action and
grabbed the bamboo rod from John.

Get your ass outside now white boy, she yelled, bringing the rod hard across Jim
ass globes.

Denise watched in distress and lust at Marcy spanking her husband large ass with
the rod as he walloped out the front door of the room.  She knew when she see
him next time, his ass would be red striped all over as the young girl was
taking out years of frustration on his butt.

John took a seat exhausted from his current activity.

What are you looking at boys, he stared at the younger black studs against the
wall.  You have peckers don't you and there are two cunts over there just dying
to have your cocks shoved up their holes.   If they give you any trouble, we'll
take them out back like the rest of their kind.

Kate and Lynn offered little resistance as the boys approached them grinning and
holding their large cocks in their hands.  They were immediately untied and
pushed down to the floor as the boys grabbed their hair and started shoving
their cocks deep in their mouths.  The girls were doing all they could to keep
from choking from the huge cocks.

Denise just stood there watching all the events.  Her own cunt was wet and
drooling down her legs as she found herself wishing one of them or John himself
would come over and shove his cock in her cunt.  John was just looking at her
and grinning.  He turned to look at Flo and Louise who had both by now was
frigging their own clits beneath their white gowns.

I think it's time this white bitch learns her proper place in this house, he
told them looking at Denise.

Denise looked on at horror.  She hadn't expected this.  She wanted to be screwed
not given to a pair of elderly black ladies whom she had beaten plenty of time. 
She squirmed against her bonds in panic as they approached smiling at her and
lifting their gown above their heads and off.  Their large tits and hairy bushes
were glistening in moisture as they strolled closer and closer to her.  As they
arrived, she noticed the boys had been the girls over and was shoving their
cocks into their pussies and they were moaning in delight at being fucked.

Flo and Louise untied her hands from the knot in the ceiling but left them tied
together and between the two of them dragged them over to the chair in the
center.  Flo told Louise she could have first turn as Denise was pushed over
Louise lap fighting the whole time. She was finally adjusted till she couldn't
kick and totally at the mercy of the woman.

Time to teach this smart-ass bitch a good lesson, Louise said, bringing her hand
down hard on Denise ass as she screamed out in pain.  She continued slapping her
ass till they were bright red and Denise were crying as a baby begging for
mercy. Flo was laughing at her plight and telling Louise it was her turn to have
a little fun.

They forced her down on the wooden floor as Louise raised her legs up and over
Flo lap who had just gotten seated good.  Louise continued holding her legs
across the other side of Flo lap so that her ass was sticking straight up for
whatever Flo wanted.   She didn't have to wait long as the slaps continued on
her sore ass.  Soon she was begging to be their slave and pleading for mercy.

Flo quit spanking her ass and pushed several fingers up her asshole as she tried
to tighten her ass in reaction to the intrusion.

This is one loose ass John, she said.  I think she'll make a good ass whore for
you.

Put the bitch on the floor and I'll see, he replied.

Denise found herself released and turned over on her stomach still crying from
the brutal spanking she had just gotten.  The women laughing lifted her butt up
and her knees were forced underneath her stomach.  She felt something wet at her
anus opening and then gasped in pain as the large member started working it's
way inside.  Her screams could be heard throughout the room.

Put something in her mouth while I'm trying to concentrate, John told them.

Flo immediately moved in front of her and squatted down so that her pussy was at
eye level.  Denise looked up at the hairy bush but before she could say anything
felt John cock ram halfway up her asshole forcing her face deep in Flo cunt.  A
few slaps on her ass by John demanding she lick on her sore ass and she was
lapping away at Flo soaked cunt.  The pain in her ass had softened temporary but
was renewed with his cock plunging deeper in her butt.  She tried to scream out
but her lips were held in a tight grip lock to Flo cunt and she could do nothing
more but keep licking.  As the pain weakened again, she found herself starting
to enjoy the feeling as her own cunt was wetting up in response.

The bitch loves her butt plugged, Louise laughed.  My turn Flo.

Denise felt her hair-released temporary only to have it grabbed again by Louise
and her face buried in a new cunt.  Despite the rough treatment, she found
herself more turned on than she had ever been.  She lapped Louise pussy in
earnest as John continued to pound her ass in back.  She felt him shoot his load
in her asshole and then slowly started withdrawing.  She begged out in Louise
cunt for him to leave it in as she tried to quip it with her ass cheeks as hard
as she could.  She was so close to cumming and needed to bad.  She felt Louise
come on her face as she just laid in her position on the floor totally
disappointed that they had all came except for herself.

Take the whores outside and have the bitch clean their cunts, John said.  Don't
want them to get pregnant their early do we?

Denise looked up and saw the girls being led outside the room by their hair. 
Both girls had cum down their legs and between their ass cheeks as they strode
with their young masters.  She noticed that neither girl was providing any
resistance and both were holding their master cocks in their hands stroking it
for more.  She wanted a cock herself and despite her pride called out to her new
Master to please fuck his new whore.

John only laughed at her and told her maybe later.  He asked Louise and Flo to
take his new whore and dress her up in her new position as the maid.  She was
not to be allowed to wear anything to cover her large tits, cunts, or ass.

Louise and Flo was more than eager to obliged.  They helped Denise to her feet
dragging her by the arms to the kitchen area taking turns slapping her large red
ass as she walked.  Inside, they tied her hair up in a large knot and a small
apron around her waist that was just above her cunt.  Her hands were untied and
then retied so that she had at least a foot gap between her hands.  She didn't
fight them as her cunt was aching for John cock and she would do anything to
please him now.  She was told to prepare a meal as they teased her throughout
the ordeal slapping her ass at times, pinching a nipple her and there, or just
having her kiss their butts or suck their large breasts during waiting periods.   
When the meal was finally done, she was near hysterical in lust.  Even begging
to lick their cunts and tits.  They allowed her to lick their pussies quickly
before she was commanded to carry the food to the large table.  When it was
complete, Flo went to call the others, while Louise took a seat on the end and
made Denise stand by her side.

The boys were the first to arrive.  Pete was holding Kate in his arms facing
forward with his cock very visible in her asshole underneath.  Kate was groaning
in pleasure as he walked her around to the side of the table.  Curly was just
behind him with Lynn in front.  He had his hand between her ass and Denise knew
he was shoving his fingers up her ass as she was smiling and moaning softly as
she walked erratically to the table.  Both girls were released and told to crawl
underneath the table and service their masters while they ate.

Denise looked back at the door to see Jim crawling in with Marcy riding astride
on his back.  As he made his way around the corner of the table, she could see
large red welts all over his ass and cum on his stomach area.  She knew he must
have cleaned the girls' cunt as John had commanded earlier.  Marcy got off at
the side and made him stand up by her side.  He was ordered to hold his cock up
with one hand and to shove his finger in his ass with the other while
maintaining his position.

Master John and Flo were last to arrive and Denise could see Flo stoking his
huge cock as she entered.  She could tell she had probably sucked it off by his
limpness from its earlier state.  She was still enjoying the view when she was
commanded by John to turn around along with Jim her husband.

Slaves are not allowed to watch their masters eat, John stated.  If you're
lucky, we may feed ya later.

To humiliate her further, Louise demanded she bend over and spread her ass while
they ate in case one of the young studs had a fuck her ugly ass after they ate. 

She immediately assumed position, hoping that was the case.  She could hear her
new masters and mistresses making fun of the family and enjoying the meal.  She
was getting hungry herself as she maintained position.  The girls were being
teased and fed between the studs' legs she could tell by the voices and
laughter.  She even heard Marcy push a chicken drumstick in Jim asshole and then
making him eat it.  When Louise offered her one, she didn't even think about it,
chewing it immediately no matter where it had been.  She had just finished with
it when she heard Pete say he was going to feed the old bitch.  She thought it
would be another piece, but instead, she felt him position to her rear and then
his huge member was between the cheeks of her ass as she loosen her muscles as
best as she could to accommodate his member.  Soon it was deep in her asshole as
she rocked back and forth on it in pleasure.  She could hear the girls being
commanded to clean the dishes and Jim being ushered out by Flo and John.  Louise
and Marcy stayed behind and made the girls get down on all fours and pick up the
dishes with their mouths and crawl to the sink area.  They were being treated as
dogs but Denise didn't care at present as she felt Pete cum in her asshole and
withdraw only to have Curly replace him.  She came not long after Curly was
inside and barely was able to stand up from the impact of her climax.

Damn bitch, Curly said, I'll beat your ass raw for that later.  Pretty near
broke my cock off you bitch.  He withdrew his cock and told her to help the
girls.

Both Pete and him walked out laughing at Denise still standing with her ass wide
enjoying her bliss.  Denise finally got on all fours and crawl over to the
table.  Most of the dishes were already done and Marcy and Louise were having
all kinds of fun pinching the girls asses or tits as they crawled back and
forth.  Marcy dropped a spoon on the floor and pointed as Denise arrived.  She
immediately reached down and picked up the spoon in her mouth as she felt a hard
pinch on her cunt lip in back and then a swat to her rear.  She hurriedly
crawled to the sink and dumped the spoon there to return.  When all the dishes
were done, they left her there to finish up taking each of the girls by the tit
and leading them out the door.  She was warned to hurry up as they left and
clean her ass in case they wanted to use it later.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





