BDSM Library - A Night at the Movies




A Night at the Movies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother and daughter decide to go to an adult theatre while hubby is away.  Their interest in the movie becomes a reality.
A Night at the Movies I

With her husband out of town for the month, Mary and her daughter Sue had gone
out shopping for the weekend.  Sue was in her mid 20s and Mary was going on 45. 
When Sue suggested they go to an adult theatre at first she was shocked but then
laughed at the thought.  She had never seen one and why not.  They were both
adults.  She knew Sue must have masturbated a lot since she never brought any
boys over and so she didn't want to make a scene.  Besides, it was better to get
off on a movie then to catch something or marry into trouble.

There was a lesbian BDSM movie playing when they got there and Sue told her she
didn't have to go if she didn't want to but Mary insisted they go ahead.  Her
curiosity was aroused at the thought of two women doing it and she had always
wondered what they did.

The theatre was dark as they took seats in the middle.  A large black lady was
whipping two young white girls as they sat down to watch.  Neither said a word
as both glanced on the screen where the older dom was now attaching a strap-on
and approaching one of the girls bent over a bench.

Mary found herself getting wet as she watched the woman drive the cock up the
girl's cunt as she begged out for more.  She had forgotten about her daughter a
seat away and was really starting to get into the scene while pushing her thighs
closer together to get more fiction between her legs.

A young black girl who took a seat next to her startled her.  Trying to avoid
looking at her, she glanced to the side to see another one had took a seat by
her daughter Sue and was taking to her.  She glanced back at the screen trying
to avoid any eye contact.

Both white girls were now servicing the large ebony lady.  One in front lapping
at her large hairy cunt and another behind licking her big round butt.

Mary was getting wetter and wetter as she watch.

Suddenly, she felt a hand on her thigh and then felt it moving up to her cunt. 
She knew she must stop it but it felt so good as she widened her legs apart
giving it full access.  She gasped in delight as it found her cunt and rubbed on
it.

She had forgotten about Sue as she glanced over hoping that Sue hadn't noticed. 
She was surprised however to find Sue was bending over and sucking on the black
lady boobs.  She glanced back at the movie paralyzed by the warm feeling between
her legs.  She felt the girl breathe on her ear.

I'm going to make you my bitch today white lady, she heard and then felt her
left earlobe being swipe by a tongue as she widened her legs farther.  Your butt
is mine bitch, the lady continued as Mary cunt was dripping wet in excitement.

She glanced back over at Sue to see she was now on her knees with her head
buried under the girl's dress who was looking at her smiling.  She couldn't move
as she was closing on a climax any moment now.

Get on your knees and lick my pussy bitch, she heard the girl whisper again in
her ear.

Mary couldn't fight it anymore as she slowly lowered herself down off the seat
on the dirty floor below.  She looked up to see the woman raising her dress up
and then her bare pussy only inches from her face.  She had never eaten a woman
cunt before but for the first time wanted to as she leaned forward.

At first the scent was strong as the woman pulled her dress over her head and
then pushed her head forward till her mouth was directly on her bush.  She
pushed her tongue out and started lapping on her cunt as Paul had done many
times in the past on hers.  The taste was not bad as she found herself enjoying
it and getting more and more excited.  She tried to put her hand between her
legs to stroke her cunt but a slap and command to not touch herself made her
stop.

Gosh, she was so horny.  She lapped and lapped her cunt lips and then drove her
tongue deep within the woman cunt.  She could heard her calling her a good
little white cunt licker from above but she didn't care as she drove her tongue
in and out her pussy hole.

Strip while you eat me, she heard her say.

Mary didn't need another command as she kicked her shoes off and unbuttoning her
blouse ripped it off.  Next she pulled her shirt down and crawled out of it and
her panties as she continued to suck the girl's cunt.  The girl had already
unsnapped her bra as her large boobs fell downward and swayed to the side.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

A Night At the Movies II

Mary was now totally naked on the dirty theatre floor with her head buried under
the younger black dom's dress servicing her cunt.  She could hear the lady   She
could hear her calling her all kinds of names while she continued to suck and
lap on her cunt.  Finally she came, as Mary felt the gush of liquid on her
tongue running down her chin.

Let's take the white whores home and show them what the real thing is, the girl
said from above.  Get your blouse and skirt back on slut and lease the panties
and bra here.  Some cleaning boy may get off sniffing those soaking wet panties
of yours.

Mary slowly back out from underneath the woman dress and found her blouse and
shirt.  She glanced over to see Sue was nearly done dressing as she felt a slap
to her face.

I didn't tell you to look around bitch.  Get dress or I take you on stage and
spank that big white ass of yours in front of everyone.

Mary hurryingly put her shirt and blouse on while trying to remain as low as she
could to the floor.  When she was done, the girls made her stand up.  She
stepped behind her and then Mary felt her finger at the entrance to her asshole
and then pushed in as she almost came from the shove.

I want everyone to know your butt is mind, she said, pushing her along with her
finger in her asshole and palm on her cheek.

Mary was totally embarrassed as she went up the hallway hoping no one was
watching.  Sue and the other lady had already left as she entered the theater
main entrance, which was lighted.  Several people stared as they passed and Mary
knew they could see her lower ass as they probed along.  They walk to Mary car
to find Sue in the driver seat naked again and the other girl looking at them as
they arrived.

Strip bitch, you want need those clothes tonight.

Mary slowly removed the blouse and shirt again.  She heard someone whistle from
somewhere but she didn't care as she quickly got in the car as fast as she
could.  She didn't know where they were going and didn't care at the moment. 
The girl got in the back with her and then felt her right earlobe being pulled.

Get your face down between my dress bitch.  Your face belongs in my cunt unless
I tell you otherwise.

Mary crouched as low to the floorboard as she could get but her weight made her
large ass still stick out to any passer Byers.  The girl positioned her face in
her cunt and told her to remain in place and not to lick.  She could tell she
was getting off just on her nose being buried in her bush and masturbating on
it.

The drive was fairly short as the girl pulled her head up by the hair and opened
her purse to get her credit cards. 

Time for you white whores to buy your mistress a few gifts, she laughed.  Come
on bitch.

Mary looked up to see they were stopped at an adult store.  She tired to back
out from getting out the car but a quick slap brought her back to her status as
she slowly climbed out with her hand between her legs and the other across her
breasts.  She followed Sue and the mistresses into the store as fast as
possible.

Well it's about time ya showed up again, a man said from the counter.  He
quickly got up and locked the door behind them.

These whores are going to buy us some new gifts, Sue mistress told him.  It will
be charge as normal.

No problem, the man said.  Take your time.  I always make money on you two plus
get the chance to watch too.

Sue and Mary was lead to the center of the store and told to remain still with
hands to the side.  The mistresses each grabbed a pair of handcuffs and cuffed
their hands behind their backs.  They then got two pair of panties with two
dongs in the crotch and walked over to them.

Let try these on sluts, they were told.

Mary stared in disbelief at he rubber panties.  They looked like they were made
for a child and the dongs looked awful big.  Especially, the one she noticed
that was going to be in her ass.  On command, she lifted both feet as the
mistress started tugging the rubber panties up her thighs.  She didn't believe
they were going to go up but her mistress was forcing them upward at her
expense.  As they reached her upper thigh, her mistress pushed the larger dong
in her cunt opening as Mary moaned in pleasure.  Her pussy was on fire and she
needed relief.  But as the panties were raised again and she felt the pressure
of the other dong between her asscheeks, she begged her mistress not to push it
in.

Ahhhhhhh.  She yelled as mistress pushed it in with one shove nearly knocking
her off her feet.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

A Night At the Movies III

Mary glanced over at Sue.  She felt like she was a stuffed turkey standing there
with her cunt and ass fully stuffed.  Sue was also showing signs of distressed
but the glow in her face showed she was enjoying it to the fullest.  Mary
wondered if she had done this thing before.  There was no return now because she
was as obsessed with the pleasure as much as her daughter.

Ahhh.  Her tit had been pinched.

Wake up bitch.  Let's get some nice little toys for those big cow tits of yours.

Mary immediately turned back and watched the girls go back to the counters and
selected some clamps attached by chains.  They returned and clamped them to
their nipples as both women moaned from the initial pain on their nipples.  As
they were starting to get use to the feel the women were collecting paddles,
plugs, enema bags, and a lot of other items off the shelves and dumping into
bags.  She watched them return to the storeowner giving him their credit cards. 
He was at the counter masturbating his cock in plain sight as Mary glanced over
her shoulder.  The bastard had come at their misery.  She didn't know how much
it was but the man took 2 huge bags and walked out with them to put them in the
car.  They watched the girls walked back over and grabbed their tit chains.

Ahhhh. Owwww.   Mary screamed as she was dragged out the store by the chain. 
The rubber pants was making it almost totally impossible to walk by their
tightness and the plugs were digging deep in her cunt and ass.  Sue was
following behind, as Mary felt humiliated by the way she was trying to keep up
with her mistress.  They gave the man a tip and made Mary get back in front
while Sue drove.  She removed Sue cuffs from behind her back but Mary's had to
stay on.

Now you're going to drive home so we can play with you two white girls, the one
up front said as Mary heard a yell from Sue.  The woman had jerked her chain
downward and told her to get moving.

The girl by Mary was laughing.  She reached over and starting tugging on Mary
chain as she pleaded with her to be gentle.  The pain was severe as she felt
like her nipple was going to be pulled off at any minute.  She was nearly a
wreck by the time they arrived at Mary's place.  Her nipples were bright red.

Time for the bitches to get out, said Mary mistresses leaning over and opening
the door.  As Mary tried to get out, she felt a hard slap on her ass driving the
plug deep.

Get moving you lazy bitch.

Mary followed Sue to the door watching her ass clenched tight in her panties and
walloping strangely.  Several times her ass was being slapped in back to hurry
even through she couldn't go no faster.  She hoped the neighbors were all asleep
and no one was looking out their window or she was doomed.  When the door was
open and they entered, she felt a hard kick to her butt nearly making her jump.

Get on your knees bitches while we look around.  You will remain on your knees
all night unless we give you permission to get up.

Both Mary and Sue immediately dropped down to their knees with their plugs
filling them to the max.  They watched the ladies roaming the rooms and admiring
their things.  They were calling it a whorehouse for white bitches and that they
could improve it tremendously.  Mary was starting to get scare that they meant
to stay and if that was the case her husband would kill them when he got home.

Finally one of the ladies sat down on Mary expensive sofa.  Lifting her dress,
she waved her finger at Sue like she was signaling a dog.

Come here bitch.  Mistress has a treat for you.

Mary watched as Sue started crawling forward and then as the girl grabbed her
hair forcing her face between her legs.  She heard Sue lapping on her cunt like
she hadn't had a meal for years.  She was disgusted at her daughter for the way
she was behaving but at the same time her own cunt was creaming watching her
being dominated like a trash whore.

The other girl had walk over beside her and then stepped to her front and turned
around.

Time to finish the job at the theatre bitch but this time I have something
special for you.

Mary watched as she raised her dress up in back knowing what was going to happen
next.  She saw the huge butt only a foot away from her face.

Get your tongue in there bitch if you know what is good for you.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





