BDSM Library - The Problem with Kids




The Problem with Kids
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What does a single mother do when the kids finally decide to take charge.
The Problem With Kids

Janice was a single mother, divorce, trying to make a living on one income with
a teenage daughter, Sandy, in her senior year of high school.  Her neighbor,
Paula, was also single with a son name Donald who was in the same grade as
Sandy.  Her daughter always wanted to stay next door and Janice didn't really
care for it.  She thought she was getting too close to Donald for her piece of
mind and he was a total brat in her opinion.

One day when her daughter did not come home for dinner, she decided to go next
door and see what was going on.  She heard some noise in the bedroom as she
passed by and against her better judgement decided to look in before going to
the door.  Maybe she could just tap on the window and tell her to come home.

When she looked in she was in total surprise.  Her neighbor Paula was on all
fours on the floor totally naked with Donald on her back and her hair being used
as a rein.  More surprising was her daughter Sandy was walking behind her as she
crawled swinging a cat tail whip on her ass calling her names that normally
would have astonished Janice.  She started to go to the door to stop it now, but
the sight before her kept her frozen.  She hadn't had sex in years and strangely
enough, her pussy was starting to get wet from watching the activities.  She
hated Paula anyway and it was turning her on to watch her get her big fat ass
beat.  Her hand slowing went to her crotch as she started rubbing it.

Donald made his mother crawl around for a while acting like a dog, barking on
command.  He then got up and dropped his pants as his mother crawled forward and
opened her mouth to accept his large cock in it.  Sandy was edging her on more
with the whip to do a good job.  Donald turned around after a while and Paula
moved up and stuffed her face in his boyish ass and was moving it in and out.

Sandy meanwhile had disappeared, but it didn't bother Janice as she was about to
cum from masturbating her pussy.  Lick his ass slut, she thought as she fingered
harder.  She pressed her face closer to the pane to watch the action closer.

All of a sudden, Sandy face appeared in the window and Janice froze.  Her
daughter surprised look and hers was mutual as she dropped her dress and raced
back to the house totally embarrassed of herself.  She ran up the stairs into
the bedroom and closed the door.  How was she ever going to look at her daughter
again?  The thoughts of the earlier event would not leave her mind, however, as
she fought to control her emotions and at the same time reach down to her pussy
and started rubbing it.  Damn, I'm nothing but a whore, she thought, but she
continued.  She needed to come bad.

Finally, she came roughly, shaking the bed up and down as she continued to rub
her pussy.  She heard the door open and there was Sandy looking at her in bed. 
She didn't care right now as she needed another cum and continued rubbing. 
Sandy was fully dressed now but had the whip still in hand.

Look like you enjoyed peeking in watching us, said Sandy.  Maybe I should use
this whip on your ass.

Janice, still rubbing her pussy, was confused at her daughter attitude but so
excited she couldn't take it much longer.  Yes mistress, she softly replied. 
Never would she have thought she would have said such a thing, less along to her
daughter.

Turn on your stomach now mom demanded Sandy in a strict tone of voice.  Janice
slowly turned on her stomach excited by her daughter change in attitude.  She
was too excited to care.

The first hit of he whip made her ass jump up but she settled back down only to
get another dose.  After about 10 her ass was wiggling all over the bed.  Sandy
kept it up, while explaining to her mother that things were going to change in
this house.  She was now going to be boss and her mother would be her slave. 
She was going to pay her back for all the spankings she got as a kid.

Janice was moaning and agreeing to all her demands.  She needed it right now.

Sandy stopped whipping her mother and spit on her ass.  Get your ass in the
shower and take a bath.  You better be downstairs in 10 minutes or I use this
whip again and you better not play with your pussy again without permission. 
Make sure you're naked when you come down too.

Janice not wanting to look at her daughter crawled out of bed and ran to the
shower.  She was obsessed with the thought of being a slave to her own daughter
and her mind was confused by the wetness between her legs and her sexual
feelings.

When she finally showered and dried off, she didn't know what to do.  Should she
run from her daughter or ignore her.  Her pussy was still dripping from
excitement.  She finally decided she needed sex right now more than anything as
she walked naked back down the stairway.  She found her daughter in the kitchen
with Donald sitting at the table eating the meal she had prepared.  Donald
mother was naked with only an apron on in front serving the meal.  She tried to
cover her pussy and tits when Sandy yell at her.

Get your hands to your side.  Donald wants to see what a slut you are.

Janice put her hands to her side as Sandy explain to Donald how she had caught
her masturbating in bed when she got there and how she had spanked her ass
royally.    She then told her to put on an apron and join Paula.  She was to
serve the meal to Donald.    Once she got the apron on, she followed Paula lead
and started feeding Donald his food.  His hand slipped into her pussy and
started moving in and out while she concentrated on not spilling any food on
him.    Donald was laughing telling Sandy how wet she was.  We'll enjoy her
later, Sandy replied with a finger in Paula ass while she was being fed.

When the meal was complete, Paula was told to clean the dishes while Sandy got
up and took Janice by the ear and led her to the living room with Donald
following.

I think it time for mother to learn who's boss here, she said, asking Donald to
get some cloth towels from the pantry.  Both of them then proceeded to tie her
hands to her feet in a bent over position with her ass and pussy open for
viewing.

You slap that cheek and I'll take this one, said Sandy, as her and Donald
started slapping her big ass.  Janice was jumping around trying to avoid the
slaps raining on her ass without much luck as they continued to pound it.  She
was crying like a baby after 5 minutes and promising to serve their every need.

Paula had arrived and was watching the action.  Sandy stopped and sat down on
the sofa and called her to her.  Spreading her legs, Paula put her head in the
young lady pussy and started licking.   Donald meanwhile had gotten in front of
Janice and put his cock in her mouth.  She was sucking up and down on his shaft
while he called her all kinds of filthy names.  Just about when she thought he
would come, he withdrew, and walked in back of her.  When she felt his penis at
her asshole, she begged him to fuck her pussy instead, but Donald said he wanted
her cherry ass and drove his cock halfway up her ass in one push.

The pain was tolerable since she was as loose there as she had ever been.  Only
once had she had anal intercourse and hated it, but now she was well lubricated
from excitement and needed it.  Pretty soon, he was all the way up and started
to work it in and out of her ass. She was sweating and begging him to fuck her
ass.  After a while, Donald quit moving and grabbing her ass starting pushing it
in and out on his cock.  Janice was helping as best as she could.

When he finally came, his mother was called over to lick his cum from her ass as
he proceeded in front of Janice and grabbing her head put his cock back in her
mouth for cleaning.  Sandy walked over and started pinching her tits telling her
to clean it good because she wanted him to fuck her later and she didn't want
any mother shit on it.

The tongue in her ass and cock in her mouth was all she could take as she came
abruptly.  They let her drop to the floor with her head on the carpet and ass in
the air. 

Good little mommy said Sandy, patting her on the ass.  The three of them left
her there and went up to the bedroom, while Janice stayed and fell asleep on the
carpet in her present position.  She was totally satisfied of something she had
been deprived of for years and she relinquished the feeling as she fell to
sleep.

The Problem with Kids IV

Janice was awaked from her sleep by a kick in her ass.  She found her hands were
now tied in back and her feet were still tied together.  She looked back to see
Sandy standing behind her smiling down at her.

Honey, please untie me.  This has gone on enough.  What I did ............

Whack.  Sandy struck her ass with the belt before she had a chance to explain. 
Don't ever speak to me except as mistress in this house, she said, whacking her
again with her own belt.  Get on your knees mommy slut.  It time to continue
with your training after you slept for so long.

She grabbed Janice by the hair and lifted her to her knees.  Hitting her again
with the belt, she told her to crawl around the living room in that position
while she followed and struck her ass every once in a while.

As Janice crawled, she could see Donald was filming the whole ordeal on video
while his mother Paula was sucking his cock.  That bastard, she thought, but
another blow on her already red ass got her moving again with her face beet red.

After a couple of crawls around the room, Sandy told her to stop and called
Paula over.  When she arrived she turned her around so her butt was sticking
towards Paula and then bent her over so it was inches from her face.

Time for payback, Sandy said, she licked yours good and now it's your turn.  
Janice hesitated looking at the large hairy ass in front of her but quick hit
with the belt again and she pushed her face in Paula ass and started licking her
asshole.   She must have licked for over 10 minutes on that bitch asshole before
Sandy told her to stop and came back with what looked like a small double dildo
and strap.   Sandy pushed the small thick end of about 1-in. in her mouth and
strapped it around her head.  The other end was thin and about 5 inches in
length.  Sandy commanded her to put it in Paula ass and fuck her till she said
to stop.

Fearing more hits, Janice replied, and started pushing the thin cock up her
neighbor ass.  Paula was very excited and pushing back on the cock as Janice
irritated with her wanted to jam it as far up the bitch as she could get.  
Pretty soon Janice face was going deep in and out of Paula ass as she was
started to shake from an orgasm that was coming.  Sandy stopped the action and
told her mother to get on her back. She then had Paula squat down on the dildo
while she stepped in front of Paula and shoved her face into her pussy.

Janice was mad.  Sandy was getting her pussy tongued while Paula was having fun
with her ass fuck and she was just lying there with a big ass on her face
smothering her.  Her pussy was hot again and she needed from action to even if
it meant in her ass.  She tried to get Sandy attention with her feet but Sandy
only told her to be still.  Paula came and Sandy finally let her get off of
Janice face

Donald, mommy wants to come again, what do you think we should do with her?

Donald, commanded Janice get up on her feet as the dildos was removed from her
mouth with full instructions that if she speaks without permission that she will
get the full belt from Donald this time.  He grabbed her by the ear and led her
to the downstairs toilet and lifting the lid made her put her head in it while
he lowered it back down.  She was instructed not to move as Paula was fitted
with the same dildo, this time the small end in her pussy and demanded to get
behind Janice and fuck her in the ass.

The Problem with Kids V

Paula wasted no time spreading the tight ass in front of her and shoved half the
dildo in with the first stroke as Janice screamed from the onslaught of her poor
ass.   Pretty soon, she was ramming it in and out, spreading Janice ass to the
limit.  Janice was telling to go slower but Paula was obsessed at getting back
for the rimming she had earlier.   Janice pussy was on fire and her ass was in
pain however, the pussy gave first as she exploded again in orgasm.

Twice she came with a cock up her ass, Donald said, smiling down at the shaking
mother and his mother still pushing the cock in and out.  She's a real slut
Sandy.

I know, said Sandy, and we have it all on film if she ever disobeys we will show
it to everyone she knows.  Sandy finally told Paula to quit and pull the cock
out, as Janice lay exhausted with her face still in the toilet.  She walked up
behind Janice and started to hand spank her sore ass and demanded she tell her
she was a bad mommy and needed regular punishment.  She would do whatever was
requested by her or Donald and she would be their fuck toy and slave like Paula. 

When Sandy was satisfied with her sincerely, She had her crawl back to living
room with Paula crawling behind her and had them get in a 69 position in front
of her and Donald sitting on the couch.  I'm going to give Donald a real blowjob
from a real woman while ya entertain him.  She threw two dildos at them.  Your
are to lick each other asses while you shove these cocks in each other pussies
till we tell you to quit. 

Both women were sore in the pussy and ass but dared not to disobey, reaching for
the cocks, they proceeded to shove them in each other pussy and strained to get
their tongue in the others ass.  Sandy laughed at the sight and then started
rubbing her mouth up and down on Donald cock.  Donald would yell at them every
once in a while when they started slowing down that he was going to get the belt
and them would increased their effors.  It was really hard for them to reach the
other's ass as they toyed with the dildo but they managed it with the fear of
being punished again.  Pretty soon the cocks was goiing in and out with little
efforts and their tongues was fully out to reach the anus.  By the time, he had
came in Sandy mouth; both women had collapsed on the floor exhausted.

When they wake up, I think we should take them outside for some doggy training,
said Sandy still stoking Donald hard cock.   Let's take them to mom's flower
garden that she is so proud of and have them dig their own hole for bathroom
priviages.   At least mom's nails are good for something.

Fine with me but tonight I think I am going to enjoy going to sleep with your
mother face in my ass.   You can have Paula tonight.  She is well trained you
know.

What fun we are going to have from now on, laughed Sandy.  Rubbing her pussy and
Donald cock at the same time, the young couple came looking down at the older
pass out women.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





