BDSM Library - Thunder and Lightning




Thunder and Lightning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive lesbian couple is being made into ponygirls.A crate arrived at the home of Miss Tina. It was unusually large and heavy and
  had to be carried by four men. When the men had left after she had given them
  a tip, she opened the lid and beheld quite a sight. Inside were two women tied
  up in very uncomfortable positions. Their feet, which were dressed in ballerina
  boots without any heels, were behind their heads and tied together there. Their
  arms were in rubber gloves that ended in fingerless mittens and tied behind
  their back in reverse prayer, so the mittened hands touched the feet. The feet
  and hands were tied together too. 
Their faces were not visible because they wore black inflatable rubber hoods
  on their heads which had only one small opening, through which a breathing
  tube each ran into their mouths. The hoods were almost inflated to the point
  of bursting. 
Around their necks they wore black neck corsets. Their waists were restricted
  by very tightly pulled black rubber corsets. In their pussies they had inflatable
  dildos through which the hoses of catheters ran; the attached bags were very
  large and almost completely filled. Their rear holes were stuffed with inflatable
  plugs too, through which tubes of three inch diameter ran; hoses of the same
  diameter were attached to them, also another bag each. These bags were also
  well filled. 
Miss Tina looked at the time stamp on the lid of the crate and realised the
  women had been in their positions for almost 48 hours now. There was a sealed
  envelope inside the crate too. Miss Tina picked it up, opened it and began
  to read: 
&quot;Dear Tina! 
These are Jeanine and Friederike, or shortly Jean and Friede, two women of
  age 25 (only 53 days apart in age. Jean is the older one). Jean is 6 feet tall
  and weighs 160 lbs, her measurements are 34b-25-35. Friede is 5'6''and weighs
  125 lbs, her measurements are 36d-26-36. They have been a lesbian couple for
  5 years already and recently discovered the BDSM lifestyle, only to find out
  they are both very submissive. The two are very promising slave material, and
  I want to turn them into ponygirls. 
I want some body modifications done to them, and since I know of your skills
  in that area I send them to you. I added a list of what I want done to them;
  take whatever time you need for these modifications. 
Looking forward to the results of your excellent work 
Your friend Cindy!&quot; 
Tina took a look at the list and couldn't help but smile. This was a challenge,
  and she loved challenges. 
Tina bowed down and carefully untied the women. First she loosened the knots
  that connected their feet to their hands, next were the ties that held their
  arms in place. Slowly she put their arms into a more comfortable position;
  she knew that after two days in this position their elbow-joints probably hurt
  a lot. Next were the feet; they too were released and pulled carefully over
  their heads back in front of their bodies again. 
Tina turned to their hoods then and deflated them first; then she opened the
  zippers and pulled them over their heads. She realized the hoods had inflatable
  butterfly gags inside, through which the breathing tubes had run. The girls'
  jaws surely had to hurt. 
They seemed to be too weak to move or make any sounds; the only thing they
  did was carefully move their jaws around.. Their long hair had been stuck under
  the hoods; it was quite sweaty now and and clung to their heads in a matted
  way. Jean's hair (Tina could tell them apart by the descriptions of them in
  the letter) was blond with just a trace of red, Friede's hair was totally black. 
Tina took a brush and carefully combed out their hair. Both their hair was
  very long and reached down to their asses. Jean's was straight, Friede's was
  quite curly. The girls looked at her with some trepidation. Tina smiled down
  at them reassuringly, then she removed the neck corsets from them. 
&quot;Now, don't be afraid. I am Miss Tina for you. I apologize for your inconvenient
  trip here, but your Mistress wants a few things done to you, and this seemed
  to be the easiest way, since we are so very far apart. Do you two know of the
  plans Mistress has for you?&quot; 
The girls carefully shook their heads in unison; the first movement of their
  necks within the last two days. 
&quot;Well, she wants you to become ponygirls. Do you know what a ponygirl
  is?&quot; 
The girls looked at each other, then back at Miss Tina, and slowly nodded. 
&quot;You don't seem to be enthusiastic, Tina remarked. &quot;But surely you
  trust your owner and believe she knows best what is good for you, don't you?&quot; 
The girls nodded again. 
&quot;And you trust me too, since your owner obviously trusts me?&quot; 
Nods again. 
&quot;Fine. The first thing I have to tell you is: From now on you will no
  longer speak. The only utterings allowed to you are neighs, whinnies and snorts.
  Is that understood?&quot; 
The girls looked at each other again, then they both whinnied. 
Tina smiled. 
&quot;The next thing I have to tell you is that you have new names from now
  on. You - she pointed at Jean - &quot;will be 'Thunder' from now on, and you&quot; -
  she pointed at Friede - &quot;will be 'Lightning'. What are your names?&quot; 
&quot;Thunder&quot; replied Thunder. 
&quot;Lightning&quot; Lightning added. 
Tina sighed, then she got up, took a riding crop and gave both five smacks
  on their breasts. 
&quot;What did I tell you your only utterings had to be?&quot; she asked them
  while she hit them. 
The girls quickly whinnied. 
&quot;There, that's much better. It will become second nature for you in time.
  Now, the first thing I'll do is get you out of all that you wear and remove
  those catheters from your urethras and asses.&quot; 
Tina carefully losened the threads of their corsets and pulled them off; they
  left interesting patterns on their bodies. Then she got them out of their boots
  and gloves too. She deflated the dildos in their pussies and asses and removed
  them; then the balls that held the catheters in place were deflated too and
  carefully pulled out. The girls cautiouly tried to move their feet and fingers,
  without much success; they had become quite stiff during these two days. 
&quot;Now, I have to tell you that for becoming ponygirls your bodies will
  have to undergo some transformations. The first of these transformations will
  be that I will remove all of your hair from head to toe, and I mean all. Yes,
  this means head too, including eyebrows and eyelashes. Even the visible hair
  in front of your nostrils will have to go. There will not be a single hair
  on you, not even the finest fluff or the odd stray hair. One could search your
  bodies with magnifying glasses and would not find any; the only hair you will
  keep will be deep inside your nostrils were no-one sees them, because they
  are needed for filtering the air. And this hair removal will be forever; you
  will never have any hair again.&quot; 
This seemed to terrify the girls, and tears ran out of their eyes. 
&quot;Now now, don't weep. You will get used to it and even love it in time.
  Other girls underwent the same procedure before you, and they loved it very
  much when the initial shock was over. Well, let's not waste time. Can you get
  up, or do you still feel to stiff?&quot; 
The girls tried to get up, but their legs failed to support them, so Tina
  lifted them and placed each of them on a chair. 
She walked into the bathroom and returned with a set of clippers, shaving
  foam, a safety razor, a pair of automatic tweezers, a very fine paint-brush
  and a lidded can. She plugged the clippers in and removed the attachment, then
  she told them to put their heads together and started running the clippers
  over their heads. The girls soon shed tears again while strand after strand
  fell to the floor, building up a pile of blonde and dark hair at their feet.
  Tina ran the clippers over their eyebrows too. Then she put an eight-of-an-inch
  attachment on the clippers, told them to spread their legs and carefully shortened
  their bushes, making sure not to hurt the clits or labia. She then lathered
  them up from head to toe. Even the fingers and faces were covered with shaving
  foam. 
Then she began the shaving. She slowly ran the safety razor over their heads
  first, scraping away the stubble. She then worked her way down their bodies.
  Meticulously the hair around their pussies was removed. She told them to get
  up and bend over the chairs. She spread their asses wide and freed the insides
  of them from hair too. When the asses were done she told them to get back on
  the chairs and finally did the legs and toes. 
When all the foam was scraped off their bodies she took the automatic tweezers
  and started plucking out their eyelashes and the hair in their nostrils. Surprisingly
  plucking the eyelashes did not hurt at all, they hardly felt it. Plucking the
  nostril hair hurt all the more though and even caused some tears in their eyes. 
After all the hair was removed Tina told them to close their eyes, put on
  a pair of rubber gloves, opened the can and smeared a foul smelling green paste
  all over their bodies, even on their eyelids. She put some of the paste on
  the fine paint-brush and did the inside of their nostrils too. Even the pussies
  and the inside of their ases were treated, as well as their ears including
  eardrums.. The paste burned on their skins. 
&quot;This is a permanent.hair remover&quot; Tina told them. &quot;It kills
  the hair roots. You'll never have any hair again now. Perfectly smooth for
  the rest of your lives.&quot; She waited 15 minutes for the paste to take effect,
  then she led them into the bathroom, put them into the shower and rinsed them
  off. 
Tina dried them, then she led them in fron of a big mirror and told them: &quot;Now
  have a look at yourselfs&quot;. When the saw their hairless reflections, they
  started weeping again, but Tina kissed them on their heads and told them how
  beauiful they looked now, and that they should be proud of themselves. 
&quot;Now for the piercings. You don't have any at all yet, not even your
  ears are pierced. Well, this will change, and quite drastically too.&quot; 
She told them to sit down on a chair again, took a piercing forceps and started
  her work on them. First their ears were pierced at the bottom, and golden hoops
  which were six inches in diameter were inserted into them. Next she pierced
  the septums of their noses, the rings she inserted there were two inches in
  diameter. After that the tips of their tongues were pierced horizontally and
  a small golden ring inserted, then their throats, nipples, navels and clits.
  All of these piercings were given golden rings too. The outer labia received
  three rings left and right. One ring was placed at the bottom of each of their
  pussies, a so-called &quot;fourchette&quot;. Finally the anal sphincters were
  pierced too. When Tina was finished with them they both had received seventeen
  piercings. The piercings caused them a lot of pain, especially the nipple and
  clit piercings, but the girls didn't dare to shout and only whinnied a bit. 
Tina told them what good ponies they were and petted their heads. They felt
  strangely elevated, as if they had just received good marks for a school-exam. 
&quot;The next step requires some surgery. Follow me&quot;. 
She led them into an operation room and told them to lie down on the two operation
  tables in there. She fastened straps around their necks, their bellies, wrists
  and ankles. She then pressed a button, and two other women appeared, both clad
  in green surgeon's aprons, with green pieces of cloth above their mouths. Tina
  desinfected her hands and put on the same, then she told them: 
&quot;These are Dr. Lynnot and Dr. Spencer. They are cosmetic surgeons and
  will alter your bodies now. You will fall into sleep, and when you awake you
  will be changed.&quot; 
She put a 14-gauge needle into both their arms and left them in there. Then
  Dr. Spencer first approached Thunder and injected something into her veins.
  Lightning saw her close her eyes, before Dr. Spencer came to her table, injected
  something into her veins too, and she fell asleep. 
(to be continued). 
The two woke up in hospital beds that stood side by side with a little space
  between them. They noticed they couldn't move. Thunders legs and arms were
  in casts. Lightning's arms and legs were not in casts, but there were weights
  attached to her legs which hung over the end of the bed. Her arms were high
  in the air, and there were chains attached to the ends of these casts that
  run over a gallow-like structure over her bed , and weights hung down from
  the ends of these chains too. They had inflatable gags in heir mouths through
  which tubes ran; over their heads hang feeding bags that are attached to these
  gags. Their legs, feet, hands and heads hurt. 
Miss Tina entered, followed by two women in doctor's aprons who were as hairless
  as they were. Both women seemed to have their mouths sealed permanently with
  metal gags. Thunder and Lightning noticed to their astonishment that they had
  name tags attached to their aprons, saying they were &quot;Dr. Lynott&quot; and &quot;Dr.
  Spencer&quot;. 
&quot;Hello little ponies&quot; Miss Tina said. &quot;You probably haven't
  seen Dr. Lynott and Dr. Spencer like this before, but then they wore caps and
  mouth cloths in the operation room. Yes, they are my slaves too, and they live
  in permanent and total chastity.&quot; 
She lifted the aprons of them and revealed two metal chastity belts beneath. 
&quot;They wear bras like that beneath their aprons too.&quot; Miss Tina explained. &quot;They
  have been my chaste slaves for over 5 years now. The steel gags in their mouths
  are irremovable; their is a little hole for feeding in them.&quot; 
Miss Tina lowered the aprons again and turned to the ponies. 
&quot;Let me explain what we did to you. First of all we needed you to be
  of the same height, especially your arms and legs to be of the same length,
  since you shall draw a cart as a team. So we shortened Thunder's legs by 3
  inches by removing small parts from the tibia, fibula and femoral bones and
  also taking out parts of the muscle tissue there. The same way we shortened
  the humerus, radius and ulna in both her arms. Lightning's arms legs were broken
  several times, and they are being stretched now; the bones will develop calluses,
  and her arms and legs will become longer; a technique used to cure dwarfism.
  Your rumps fortunately were of the same length; it would have been a lot more
  complicated there. 
Second we removed the nails of your fingers and toes permanently. This was
  necessary because they are in iron hooves now which will never be removed again.
  In fact it would be very complicated to get them off your hands and feet at
  all now, though not completely impossible, at least not yet. But once the nails
  we ran through your hands and feet and welded to the boots have grown into
  the bones I don't see how they could be removed at all. So the growth of the
  nails would have caused some problems. We shortened the achilles tendons in
  your feet so they permanently point downwards now inside the hooves. We also
  stiffened your fingers; they are absolutely immobile now. But you won't notice
  that since with the hooves on your hands the fingers are useless anyway. 
Your ears were surgically altered and resemble horse's ears now. To imitate
  the mane of ponies we implanted a row of seven triangular metal spikes of the
  length of wo inches into your skulls. 
During the next weeks, while you lie in bed, you will be fed hormones that
  will make your breasts grow and lactate. We will stop as soon as you reach
  the size of 48 DD. We could have given you implants but prefer natural growth.
  As soon as your nipple piercings have healed we will put stretchers into them.
  We want your nipples to be four inches long. 
Your necks are in metal neck corsets now. They have a little opening in front
  for the throat piercings to go through. These neck corsets can and will be
  extended in length over the time, so your necks will be a lot longer in the
  future. 
We inserted some fat cells into your asses. Good ponies should have horses
  asses; yours are a nice and round 46 size now. 
And we even gave you tails: We took some skin from your thighs and upper arms
  and formed tails of it, which we surgically attached above your asses. They
  are eight inches long. I hope you will like them. 
During the time you have to stay in bed for the surgery to heal you will be
  in diapers. The nurses, who by the way are all slaves too, will change you
  every eight hours: At six am in the morning, two pm and ten pm, regardless
  of how full these diapers are. Get used to lying in them. 
Well, that was all for the time being. As soon as your have healed there will
  be some exercise for you. Have a nice day!&quot; 
Miss Tina and the doctors left. A nurse appeared. She was completely hairless
  too. She had a large enema bag attached to her back, of which the tube ran
  into her ass. The enema back seemed to be half empty, and her belly was quite
  swollen already. She took a look at the feeding bags, saw they were empty and
  put full ones in their place. 
Thunder and Lightning lay there helplessly. They felt an urge in their bladders
  and bowels, but were reluctant to use their diapers. But the urge grew stronger
  and stronger, and finally Lightning could resist no longer and released a stream
  of warm pee into her diaper. Surprisingly for her it felt comfortably warm.
  She still fought the turmoil in her bowels though, but she knew she would eventually
  have to give in. 
Thunder followed her example a little after her sister in misery, and when
  she started to pee she moaned loudly and pushed a load out of her ass into
  the diapers too. When Lightning heard this she finally gave in too and pressed
  hard, and soon the back of her diaper was filled too. They had no idea what
  time it was (actually it was 8:30 am) and how long they would have to lie in
  their soiled diapers. 
Time ticked by slowly, and after what seemed like an eternity two hairless
  nurses appeared and wheeled in another bed. They, like the first nurse they
  had seen, had also attached enema bags to their backs, and their bellies were
  even more swollen then that of the first nurse. 
The nurses removed the sheets from the bed. As far as Thunder and Lightning
  could see their was an enormously fat woman in that bed. What was most amazing
  though was that she did not have one pair of breasts but four of them instead,
  one below the other. She was hairless too (Thunder and Lightning had grown
  used to the sight of hairless women meanwhile; all slaves seemed to be hairless). 
Miss Tina entered, followed by Dr. Lynott and Dr. Spencer.. 
&quot;Ah, our pig seems to be developing nicely!&quot; Miss Tina said. &quot;Excellent
  work you did on her snout and ears, Doctors.&quot;. She patted the heads of
  Dr.Lynott and Dr. Spencer, who seemed to recoil from these pats. 
&quot;How do you feel, Squealer?&quot; Miss Tina asked. &quot;Let's hear some
  grunts!&quot; 
The fat woman grunted obediently, and Miss Tina smiled, seemingly very pleased. 
&quot;She needs to gain a few more pounds; I trust you'll see to that&quot; Miss
  Tina told the nurses, who nodded silently. 
&quot;Turn her over a bit, I want to inspect her piggy tail&quot; Miss Tina
  ordered, and the nurses obeyed immediately. 
&quot;Wriggle your ass and oink, Squealer. I want to see that piggy ass and
  tail wobbling&quot;. The fat woman wriggled her ass and oinked dutifully. 
&quot;Not perfect yet, but I am confident you will have reached the proper
  weight soon&quot; Miss Tina remarked. 
She slapped the fat ass of the human pig on the bed and rolled her over on
  her back again, then she pulled the sheet over her. She turned on her heel
  and left. The nurses mounted a feeding bag above the head of the human pig,
  then they left the room too.. 
Thunder and Lightning were happy to be transformed into ponygirls for the
  first time. The fate of the human pig seemed to be much worse for them. 
Time passed slowly, but finally it was two pm. The pig had had her feeding
  bag changed twice already; they were really force-feeding that woman. Two nurses
  appeared. Their enema bags were almost empty now, and their bellies were enormously
  swollen. They removed the diapers from the ponies, and Thunder and Lightning
  awaited to be wiped clean now, but instead the nurses started licking them
  clean. They moved their tongues expertly around their pussies and asses, and
  both ponies soon came from this unexpected treat. 
When they were finally cleaned, the nurses powdered them and placed new diapers
  upon them. 
In this fashion the days of Thunder and Lightning passed. From time to time
  beds with other women were wheeled in, and the ponies were really amazed at
  the variety of modifications applied to these women. Some were changed into
  cows, with horns implanted into their hairless skulls and huge udders instead
  of breasts. Others were changed into dogs with snouts, long ears and tails.
  But by far not all were changed into animals. One woman was being tattooed
  from head to toe. They even did the soles of her feet, although this was done
  under anesthesia. Another woman was literally covered with piercings from head
  to toe. She received lip-plates in her upper and lower lips, and her fingernails
  and toenails were removed and replaced with golden ones. 
When eight weeks had finally passed, the two received another visit from Miss
  Tina, Dr. Lynott and Dr. Spencer. 
&quot;Time to get you ready for your training, ponies! You should be healed
  meanwhile.&quot; 
The doctors first removed the weights from Lightning's arms and legs. Then
  they carefully cut off the casts from Thunder's arms and legs. They could both
  hardly move after having been immobilized for such a long time. 
&quot;Don't worry,ponies, you'll be visited daily by a physiotherapist. It
  is exercise, exercise, exercise from now on!&quot; 
She patted their heads, then she left with the doctors. 
A little later the physiotherapist appeared. Thunder and Lightning were of
  course not surprised that she was hairless too, but her apparel was a little
  unexpected. She was clad head to toe in transparent latex; there even was a
  pocket for each single toe. Her breasts were enormous, and the pierced nipples
  looked out of two holes in her latex suit. They were either tattooed or painted
  a bright red, as were her pussy lips, her mouth and even the region around
  her asshole. 
The limbs of the ponies had become stiff, and their muscles had atrophied
  during the time of their healing, so the first movements were very difficult
  and hurt like hell. But the physiotherapist was relentless. They did not dare
  to scream; they knew they were allowed whinnies and snort sonly, so they whinnied
  in pain during the whole first physiotherapist session. 
(to be continued) 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BaldJean


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





