BDSM Library - It Comes in Pairs




It Comes in Pairs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A daughter tries to get out of blackmail by telling her mother the truth only to be surprised.
It Comes In Pairs I

Windy had been caught taking money from the company her and her next door
neighbor Danielle both work at and had been caught by Danielle.  The girls had
been friends all through high school and had a lesbian scene together a couple
of times during that period.  However, when Danielle threatened too report her,
things changed dramatically.  Danielle told her she was to become her sex slave
and started making her do things like servicing her during work and after hours
at home.  At first it was slaps on the ass, then came tying up and more severe
beatings.  Ass worship was next.  Windy was convinced things couldn't get much
worst.  Her mother was a lawyer and when she found out what the penalty for her
crimes would be, she decided too confront Danielle and tell her to report her. 
Even when Danielle threatened to tell her mother, she told her to fuck off and
tell her if she wanted.  Danielle said she was coming over at 7 that night so
Windy was waiting in the living room with her mother when the doorbell sounded. 
She hadn't told her mother yet and wasn't looking forward to it.

Windy mother Lynn got up and answered the door.

Oh, hi Janice.  I see Danielle is with you tonight.  Come on in.

Windy sat on the couch as the Janice and Danielle came in.  When Lynn offered
them a seat, Janice sat in the chair while Danielle sat next to Windy.  Too
close for Windy confront, but she was already in trouble so it didn't matter
much anyway.  Danielle put her hand around the nape of her neck and then started
rubbing her tit in front of her own mother.

What brings you here tonight Janice, asked Lynn nervously watching what was
going on the couch?  She noticed Windy winced as her tit was pinched.

Your daughter Windy was stealing from the company Lynn and Danielle caught her. 
She agreed to be her slave if she keeps quiet and now it seems she has changed
her mind.

Windy was stunned at how straight forward Janice had been with her mother and
surprised.  She was still waiting the bomb to drop when Danielle pulled her
blouse and ripped it open exposing her tits.  She tried to cover up as she saw
her mother look at shock at what was going on the couch.

Of course, I told her to come over and show her bitch who was boss, Janice
continued.

Windy was stunned by her mother silence and stare at her, when Danielle took her
whole breast on one hand and started to squeeze it hare.

Quit Windy yelled.  Mother I am sorry but help me.

She was stunned when her mother remained seated as Danielle squeezed it harder
and grabbing her hair in back pull her head back as she looked at her mother.

Since Windy is Danielle bitch now, I guess there is no need anymore to hide our
secret is there Lynn.  Come to mommy bitch.  Now!

Windy was in shock as she saw her mother rise and walk over to Janice.

Strip bitch.  I want my daughter to see how a real bitch looks.  It will help
her train hers.

Windy was still frozen on the couch with Danielle holding her hair back and her
tits exposed and being groped.  She watched in horror as her mother stripped
naked in front.  Removing her panties she saw her ass had been tattoo with
Janice slut on them.  She had never seen it or expected it.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

It Comes In Pairs II

Over my knee bitch.  Time to show Danielle how to spank a slut.

Lynn bent over Janice lap with her large ass exposed to the younger girls. 
Windy was just staring in confusion as Danielle was watching with a smile on her
face.

You know what to say slut, said Janice applying the first spank to her ass.

Oh, Thank you please spank this bitch ass again, Lynn said.

Danielle was really groping her tits and pinching the nipples as Windy watched
in pain her mother humiliation throughout her twenty spanks.  Janice had taken
no mercy as her ass was totally red and her mother voice had gotten very
strained near the end.  She had nowhere to run now as Danielle had her at here
mercy.  Her own mother.

What happens after I spank your ass bitch, Janice said.

Please mistress, let this bitch lick your beautiful ass.

I think you need more spanking.  Don't you think so Danielle?  Do you want to
spank my bitch?

Oh, yes.

Bitch crawl to Danielle and ask her to spank your worthless ass.

Lynn got on all fours in tears and crawled over to where Danielle and Windy was
seating on the couch.  Tears were rolling down her eyes as she asked Danielle to
spank her bitch ass.

Danielle was in awe at her new power and taking off her shoe told Lynn to put
her head to the floor and raise her ass high.  She released Windy hair and tits
as Lynn turned around and raised her ass upward at the younger girl.

Be sure to ask for another, Janice announced.  Windy come here to your new mommy
now.

Windy was still frozen on the couch looking down at her own mother ass totally
red and sticking up for Danielle pleasure.  She didn't know what to do till
Danielle slapped her face and told her to get her ass over there now.  She got
up and walked over.

Strip bitch like your bitch mom, Janice told her.

She lowered her skirt and then her panties as she heard her mother moans from
behind and the slap of the shoe on her ass.  She begged for another as earlier. 
Janice made her turn around to watch as she started groping and feeling her
tight ass in back.  Despite her predicament, she found herself getting excited
watching her own mother ask like a slut to her neighbor daughter.  Her ass was
beaten raw and her voice was strained too the limit as Danielle was enjoying the
beating to the max.

What do you say afterwards bitch, Danielle said smiling down at her.

Please mistress, let this bitch lick your ass.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

It Comes In Pairs III

Danielle lowered her pants and turned around exposing her ass to Lynn face. 
Windy watched her mother start kissing her rear and then licking the cheeks. 
Finally she worked her way between the cheeks licking her ass crack.  Windy
herself was dripping wet from the sight even through she knew it was wrong.

Bitch over my lap, Janice demanded.

Windy turned around and got over Janice large lap as she had seen her mother do
earlier.  She knew her ass was in for it but at present she was in a high state
of arousal and needed attention.

Be sure to ask for another bitch, Janice spoke and slapped her ass cheek.

Ah, she yelled in pain.  Please spank this bitch again.

Ah, Ah, yes.  Please spank this bitch again.

Her ass was on fire.  She had never been spanked by anyone except Danielle in
the last few months but this was more than she had ever taken.  Ah, yes.  Please
spank this bitch again.

She survived her twentieth spank with tears in her eyes and lay across Janice
lap catching her breath.

What do we say after we are spanked for being naughty, Janice asked.

Windy hesitated even through she reminded what she was to say.  A hard slap on
her ass and she cried out.  Please mistress, let this bitch lick your ass.

Janice had pushed her off her lap as she glanced at the couch and noticed
Danielle had sat back down and her mother was between her legs eating her cunt
with her large red ass sticking out at her.  Her view was blocked as she saw the
back of Janice dress in front of her and then it being lifted up to her waist. 
She lowered her panties as Windy watched in horror at her huge hairy ass
sticking out at her face.  She could smell it.

Get busy bitch, Janice commanded.

Windy started kissing her huge globes on each sides hoping to save the middle
for last but Janice had reached back gliding her head between her cheeks.  She
tried to hold her breath as she started kissing her asshole but soon had to
start breathing again.

I suggest if you don't want another spanking bitch, that you better get your
tongue in my ass, Janice commanded.

Windy knew she didn't want another spanking and began the unpleasant task of
licking her anus.  Licking the rim at first and then starting the task of
working her tongue in and out her brownie hole.  The older woman ass cheeks were
smothering her face as she plunged her tongue in and out her butt hole.

Like mother like daughter, Janice said to Danielle.  My bitch has a nice doggie
toy she keeps hidden in her closet, she told Danielle.  Fletch dog.

Lynn crawled out the room as Danielle was laughing at her.

I can't wait to see it she told Janice.  You should have told me earlier that
she was your bitch.  To think of all the fun I could have had for years.

Don't get greedy honey, Janice said.  We have two bitches now to play with and
we are going to have a lot of fun with them.  She shoved her ass backward on
Windy face almost knocking her backward on the floor.  You can do better than
that bitch or your ass is going to feel my belt next.

Her ass needs it anyway, Danielle replied.  I haven't trained her properly.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

It Comes In Pairs IV

Much better slut, Janice said.  I knew you would be as good as your mother
someday.

Windy kept licking the huge ass in her face.  She heard noises entering the room
as Janice moved her ass away from her face and Danielle started laughing.

Lynn had come back in the room crawling on all fours.  There was a leash
attached to her neck and a butt plug in her mouth with a piece of her hair
attached to it.

Oh, mom.  A dog.  I always wanted one.  Can I play with it, Danielle laughingly
asked her mother?

Sure, Janice replied.  Be sure to put its tail where it belongs first.  You may
want to take it in the backyard and let it go to the bathroom first.

When Lynn arrived at Danielle feet and nuzzled her nose on her toes, Danielle
reached down and took the dildo from her mouth.  Walking in back, she proceeded
to push the plug up her asshole while Lynn barked like a dog for her.  Taking
her lease, she started leading Lynn towards the back door.

Windy was disgusted at the sight of her mother acting liking a dog and being
abuse like that by a girl half her age.  She felt Janice pat the top of her
head.  Don't worry slut, we'll have you fitted with your own tail and lease
soon.   Now get up and bend over for me.

Windy stood up and turned around.

Spread your ass, Janice demanded.

Windy spread her ass on command.

I used to watch you wiggle your ass while you were over at our house and
wondering all the time how your ass looked like bent over, she teased.  Now it
time for your butt hole inspection.  Putting her finger at the entrance of her
asshole, she pushed it all the way in.  Your asshole is as loose as your mother,
she said. I think the same size plug would do just nicely in your round butt. 
Don't you?

Yes mistress, Windy replied in discomfort with the finger still in her butt.

Let's try walking with it plugged, Janice said.  Walk to the back door this way.

Windy remained bent over and tried to walk towards the door.  Janice was
enjoying pushing her finger in her asshole as she tried to move a step at a
time.  Despite the pain in her ass, Windy had to admit her cunt was as hot as
ever and continued the journey being probed all the way.  As they walked out
back, Danielle had Lynn squatting on the grass.

Mom, she doesn't want to go, she said as her mother and Windy appeared.

Slap her face a few times.  That always works, Lynn said.

Danielle walked in front and slapped Lynn face three times till she heard the
water flowing out below.

Nice doggie, she told Lynn patting her head.  I can't wait to train your slut
daughter to do that.  Bark for me.

Woof, woof.

It Comes In Pairs V

Windy watched Danielle patting her mother head in disgust but at present had her
own problem as her butt hole was being rimmed out in back.  Janice slowly redrew
her finger from her ass as she tightened her ass muscles as it departed.

Get on the grass and crawl to the nearest tree and bring me back a switch bitch,
Janice demanded.

Windy slowly got on the ground and started crawling to a tree she saw not too
far away.  She was as humiliated as she had noticed her mother earlier but dared
not disobey for fear of a more severe punishment.  She passed Danielle who was
making her mother do tricks in the grass and laughing at her.  Danielle told her
to hurry up if she wanted to be able to sit Monday at work.  She continued her
crawl not looking at them.  When she got to the tree, she broke off a small limb
and put it in her mouth.  She felt like she would never reach the house on the
way back.  Janice and Danielle was both on the porch and her mother was bent
over the rail with her ass sticking out in back.

Janice took the switch from her mother and demanded she assume the same position
as her mother, which she did.  Neither looked at the other awaiting what was
coming next

Danielle is now going to punish your worthless asses while you thank her for
each hit.  Spread your asses.  She will start with your assholes.

Both Windy and Lynn reached back and spread their cheeks exposing their most
sensitive area for abuse.  Both were holding their breath knowing that it was
going to hurt there.

Hit them between their butt cheeks honey, Janice told her.  I have found about
ten switches on their assholes does wonders in keeping the pets in line.

Danielle needed no encouragement.  Walking up to Windy, she brought the switch
down hard between her ass cheeks as Windy cried out in pain but remembered
quickly to ask for another.  Her mother did the same as the switch descended on
hers.  They were both in tears and pleading by the time ten had been delivered.

Remove your hands and bend over here and hold your ankles for the rest of your
punishment, Janice demanded.  Be sure to push those fannies of your switching.

Still in tears and promising to be good, both got off the rail and grabbed their
ankles.  There asses were sticking out in anticipation hoping it would end soon. 
Danielle started bringing the switch down hard across their ass cheeks as both
started moving slightly forward from the pain and screaming.  They promised
everything in-between asking for another.

Get down bitches and crawl inside, Janice demanded.  I want to show Danielle how
comfortable a bitch face is to sit on.  She gave each of them a kick on the ass
as they passed by.  Hurry up.  My pussy is hot for your tongue.

Danielle laughingly followed her mother back inside the house.  Her own cunt was
soaking wet and the idea of sitting on their faces and getting it lick was
driving her wild in anticipation.  This was better than she had ever expected. 
Two slaves instead of one.  With her mother's help she could train Windy to
serve her for the rest of her life.  Her cunt dripped with the thought.

As they entered the living room, Janice made them get on their backs as her and
Danielle took their time finishing disrobing above them.  They decided to trade
off each time they came and proceeded to each of the slaves.

Let's start with some ass licking while they play with our tits and then we can
trade and get our twats licked good, Janice said.  Taking a position above
Windy, she started lowering her huge ass downward on her face.

Better lick good bitch if you want to breath, she laughed.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

It Comes in Pairs VI

While Danielle and Janice was enjoying sitting on the mother and daughter faces
they discussed plans for training the cunts.  Since their secret was out they
decided to live with the slaves for a while till their training was complete and
then make other arrangements.  All the while, their imaginations were getting
greater with tongues shove up their asses.  Danielle suggested that Windy had to
wear a butt plug at work each day since she always was sitting on her ass.  She
thought it might get more work out of her.  Janice told her Lynn had to wear one
to work already and was not allow taking it out without permission.  Sometimes
she said when Windy wasn't home she would take her out back and unplug her butt
and tell her to run around the yard.  Hard to go to the bathroom while you're
running she laughingly told Danielle.

The doorbell rang while they were talking.  Lynn told Danielle not to worry; she
invited a guest over for tonight activities.  She got up and opened the door as
Windy felt relief from the weight of her ass cheeks off her face finally.  The
relief was short live however, as she saw their ex-maid Donna at the door and
entering inside.  Donna had been fired at her insistence to her mother because
she was always getting here in trouble telling on her.   Now the ebony lady in
her late 40s were standing in the living room looking down at her naked body.  A
big smile was across her face, as Windy feared her thoughts.

Windy, you remembered Ms Jones don't you?  She said you laugh at her when you
had her fired.

Windy could have died as she lay there looking up embarrassed.  She could hear
her mother feet thrashing wildly to the side with Danielle fully sitting on her
face.

Ms Jones is going to be our new maid for a while and help with your training. 
Be a good little slut and crawl over and lick her tired feet.

Windy turned over and got on her hands and knees and crawled over.  She started
lapping the elderly lady feet through the scandals she was wearing.

Danielle, why don't we go and have a cup of coffee and let the ladies and cunts
get to know each other.

Danielle got off Lynn face and walked with her mother out the room to the
kitchen.

Joanne lifted her dress off and then undid her bra throwing it at Lynn still on
her back on the floor.  Pushing her panties below her knees, she let then fall
to the floor.

Lick my panties cunt, she demanded to Windy.  I got a special place for you
bitch, she told Lynn.  Crawl here and lick my ass.

Windy started licking the black lady panties on the floor as her mother got up
and made her way behind her and then putting her face in her large ass.

Get use to the smell bitches, ya are going to learn to love it before I'm
through with your asses. 

She grounded her ass backwards in Lynn face as she tried to continue her
tonguing of her ass.  Reaching down, she grabbed Windy by the hair and pushed
her face in her hairy cunt.  Time for the real time she told her.  She stood
there enjoying her rimming and pussy licking till she finally came almost
falling down.  Pushing their faces aside, she walked to the chair and took a
seat.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

It Comes in Pairs VII

Crawl here cunts, she demanded.

Both crawled over at her command fearing the next phase wasn't going to be much
fun at all.

We'll going to have some fun she said.  Like I did when you fired me.  Stand up
side by side and turn around slut Lynn.  Closer together.  That's good.  Now you
are going to spank the other ass 50 times while I watch cunts like you get what
you desire.  If I'm not satisfied that the other ass is red enough, then I will
spank the one that didn't do a good job.  Isn't that fair.

Both women said yes mistress.

Start slapping your pitiful asses now, she demanded.

Lynn and Windy both started slapping the other ass.  The sorer their ass got the
harder they slapped back.  Both was whacking the other and moaning from the pain
of their own ass.  Joanna was sitting back on the chair rubbing her cunt
watching the excitement with glean in her eyes.  Soon both women laid on each
other shoulder exhausted and their asses burning.

Turn around cunt, Joanne demanded Lynn.  Now both of you spread your asses for
me.

Windy and Lynn reached back and spread their butt cheeks as the elderly black
lady looked at each.

Still white in the ass crack to me, she said as both women shook at the thought. 
She stretched her legs out in front of her and kicked her scandals off.  I tell
you what.  I should take a belt to that nasty crack of yours or I can have some
fun.  You can butt fuck my big toe or get over my lap whichever you prefer.

Both women look back in horror but neither could take another spanking and
lowered themselves down on her foot sticking up.  Keeping their asses spread,
they adjusted till their assholes were situated on her big toe and started
trying to work it in their butt holes.  Joanna watched in amusement at the sluts
trying to butt plug their own asses with her big toe.  She felt it go in Lynn
first and heard her moan and then Wendy's asshole pop open to let the intruder
in.

I said fuck it, not sit on it, she commanded.

Both women worked their way off the toe as she hear the popping sound and then
back down trying to work it in again.  She watched in amusement at their panic
to get it in their ass.  She knew Janice had given her this time for herself and
she planned to use it till they returned.  Vengeance never felt this great
before as she pushed her toe deeper in Windy ass when she finally got it back in
and enjoyed the sound of moan in front.

That right bitches.  Anytime you disobey me you are going to feel my big foot up
your asses and it won't be this pleasant.  Is that understood?

Both women said yes mistress as they continued to fuck her toes.  The sound or
her toe popping in and out their assholes were music to her ears.

By the way, your mistress has granted me permission to shave your cunts and puck
your ass hairs.  It's going to be so much fun.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





