BDSM Library - Kidnapping & Enslaving A Waitress




Kidnapping & Enslaving A Waitress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man abducts a waitress. He wants to train her to be his slave. But she's a tough cookie so the kidnapper must find a way to break her...Kidnapping &amp; Enslaving A Waitress 
A Piece of Fiction by THE Traveller 
CHAPTER: 1 
A SCARY DUNGEON TO KEEP THE ABDUCTEE 
It took me a good two years to turn my really big basement into a ready to
  operate dungeon. I designed the dungeon so that it would contain the ultimate
  amount of bdsm related accesories and devices. I carefully picked every equipment
  that was needed... to enslave a woman. 
For hours, I would keep making sketches of how I wanted the dungeon to look
  like. Then for another couple of hours I would draw the bondage equipment I
  wanted to have in it. 
I wanted the woman staying here to be helpless and vulnerable in everyway.
  So the design of the dungeon was done around that idea. 
The opportunities that the internet give us are endless. Especially if you're
  interested in bondage, BDSM, abduction fantasies etc. 
Most of the equipment I got in my dungeon were ordered from BDSM web- sites
  I discovered on the net. I'm amazed at the fact that you have access to really
  bizzare things, very easily. Heheheh... 
The designer who created a wonder out of my basement, is a well respected
  man in the business. He's really talented. His crew works ver well. I found
  about them in a web site called the SSK. I'd highly recommend them, they're
  very professional: no questions are asked. 
After the hard work that went into my dungeon, it was time to find the right
  lady to kidnap and bring here, so that I could turn her into my slave. 
I've spent months doing lists, stalking, taking photos of women who I thought
  would make a good slave. 
The list ranged from 18 year old shy girls to 48 year old housewives. Flight
  attendants to secretaries. 
After a long time of searching and stalking, I thought I'd never be able to
  find the right woman to be my slave. 
CHAPTER: 2 
STACEY LEE, READ HER NAMETAG 
I kept my eye open all the time. If I went to a movie, a concert or to the
  doctor's office I would look around for the right slave candidate. The parking
  lot, the museum... you name it. 
Every now and then I would spot an attractive woman, dressed in sexy clothes.
  I would follow her around. Take photos and stalk her. I'd follow her home. 
Then I'd figure out her routine. When does she leave the house? When does
  she come back? When does she go to sleep? Is she living alone? 
Only two of them were worthy enough, for me to break into their homes to search
  for personal information. 
But no luck. It turned out that one of them, Nancy, shared her house with
  a friend. So kidnapping her was out of the question. The moment she goes missing,
  the friend would be alarmed. 
The other woman, Tina, a housewife, decides to go on holiday, on the day I'm
  about to kidnap her. Here I am, with my bag containing chloroform, ropes, gags
  and a tight leather hood, about to abduct her. And the next thing I see, she's
  leaving home with a suitcase in her hand. She gets on a cab and disappears
  into the night. 
It was actually the night I came empty handed from Tina's house, that I came
  across Stacey Lee. 
I was in a diner, sitting there, eating my steak when I saw her. 
Stacey worked as a waitress in that diner. 
She looked so sexy in her waitress uniform that I wanted to grab her right
  there and then. 
She's a busty blonde with blue eyes. She has an innocent yet seductive face.
  A woman with nice hands and sexy feet and lips. Being a foot and ankle fetishist,
  I have to tell that she has shapely ankles as well. 
I've never been in this diner before but I became a loyal costumor after I
  saw Stacey. 
One of the things I love about her is that everyday she comes to work, wearing
  shiny, black, high heeled pumps. I mean, working all day on those heels must
  be painful for a woman. The rest of her image is completed with tan colored
  pantyhose, a black, tight mini skirt, a white shirt and her name tag. 
She is older than me. I'm twenty one, she's twenty nine. 
She'd make the perfect slave. I loved the way she walked, the way she moved,
  the way she takes your order and smile. 
The parking lot opposite the diner where Stacey worked, became my headquarters. 
Everynight I waited for her, as she closed up the diner, walked for five minutes
  to the bus stop, alone. 
Then I followed her home. I waited as she took a bath, watched tv and went
  to bed. 
Everynow and then she'd go to the movies or a nightclub with another waitress
  friend of hers, Amy. 
Stacey is pretty much the clean cut innocent type. But she looked like she
  kept a lot to herself. 
I've never been inside her home. I didn't feel the need to break into her
  private space. I felt like I knew her very well already. She was perfect as
  she were. So I kept waiting for the right time to kidnap Stacey and make her
  mine... 
CHAPTER: 3 
WAITRESS VANISHED WITHOUT A TRACE 
I'm waiting in my car for Stacey to get off her shift. My palms are sweaty... 
I'm feeling dizzy, this is a natural high, I'm about to abduct this beautiful
  waitress within an hour or two. Then she's going to belong to me... 
It's raining really bad. I hope I can use it to my advantage. 
Everynow and then I catch a glimpse of Stacey, working like a busy bee behind
  the glass window. 
After half an hour, Stacey finally comes out. She has a pink umbrella which
  fails to keep the raindrops from falling on her. 
She's wearing her shiny high heeled pumps, tan colored pantyhose, black mini
  skirt, and her white shirt with the nametag. 
She walks all by herself, in this dark rainy night, her eyes staring at her
  feet. She takes quick steps, sometimes going over a puddle or walking over
  a pile of mud. 
I follow her, slowly in my car. 
By the time she gets to the bus stop, her pantyhose and high heels are smeared
  with rainy dirt. 
I stop the car and wait... 
Fifteen minutes later, she's still waiting for the bus to come. 
She looks deep in thought. 
After a minute or two, she walks over and sticks up her thumb. She looks like
  she's not sure of what she's doing. 
An unmarked van pass by and then it stops... Uh no! Don't get in the van...
  please. 
I look at the van which is waiting for the the hitchhiking Stacey. 
But she changes her mind and turns her back to the van. Luckily, the van leaves. 
With a strong wind, her umbrella is turned inside out. She struggles to straighten
  it out, but no luck. 
This is my chance, I start the car and pull beside her. I lower my window. 
&quot;Hi&quot; 
She looks at me as she keeps struggling with her umbrella. 
&quot;Would you like me to give you a ride&quot; 
No answer. 
&quot;You'll catch a cold&quot; 
&quot;Uh... I don't know...&quot; she seemed to tense. 
&quot;I'll drop you off at the first gas station. You'll call yourself a cab
  from there&quot; 
Of course I didn't offer her the services of my cellphone, how ungentleman
  of me. 
She looked at the other end of the road. Empty, wet and dark. 
&quot;The next gas station&quot; she repeated and with a groan she let her
  pink umberalla fall in a puddle of mud. 
Of course I know her route very well from stalking her for the last two weeks. 
As soon as she gets in the car, I lock the doors automatically. 
She is startled. 
&quot;Muggers&quot; I lie. 
The smell of her perfume fills the car... Poison. 
It keeps raining. We don't talk much. But I get her to tell me where she's
  going. And I tell her that I'm going to pass through that route anyway so finally
  we agree that I'll drop her off on my way. 
&quot;Would you like a cracker?&quot; I ask her with one in my hand. 
&quot;No, thanks&quot; 
I eat it myself. 
Half an hour later we're getting close to her home. I have to think fast... 
She looks lost in thought. Good... 
I pass the junction that I am supposed to drop her off. 
A few moments later she realized that we passed her stop. 
&quot;Hey&quot; 
&quot;Huh?&quot; 
I look around. It's pitch black and empty. Few cars pass by. And they're driving
  over the speeding limit anyway. Even though I don't believe driving fast in
  a weather like this is the smartest thing to do. 
&quot;We missed my stop&quot; 
&quot;Yeah?&quot; 
I try to buy some time to make my move. The bottle of chloroform and the piece
  of cloth happen to be in my pocket. 
&quot;Yes!&quot; she's tense 
&quot;I can't take a u- turn, here&quot; 
I have to act real fast, or I'll blow it. 
&quot;Stop the car... I'll walk&quot; she's alarmed. 
&quot;Are you kidding you'll get soaked to death&quot; 
&quot;Stop the car&quot; her voice shakes. 
&quot;Ok&quot; 
I stop the car. 
She tries to open her door, but of course it's locked. 
I take the bottle of chloroform. Then quickly, I douse the cloth with a good
  amount of chloroform. 
&quot;The door isn'.....&quot; 
She sees what I'm doing. 
&quot;What are you.....??&quot; 
She doesn't finish her sentence and begins pounding on the door. 
&quot;HEEEELPPP!!!!SomebomnnNMMMMMMFFFRRRRRRRRRR??????&quot; 
I cover her nose and mouth with the chloroformed cloth. 
&quot;MMMMMMMFFFF!!!!!NNNMMMMMFFF!!!!&quot;she shrieks under my palm. 
&quot;Shhh.... You have to sleep now&quot; 
She tries to shake her head from side to side to avoid the chloroformed cloth.
  But I hold her tightly in my strong grip. 
&quot;MMMMMFFFRRRRRRRR!!!!!!&quot; she thrashes wildly inside the car. 
Her muffled moans arouse me. 
She kicks and screams but only the erotic &quot;mmphh&quot;ing escape her. 
One of her kicks land on the passenger side window and it cracks with the
  impact of her heel. 
Luckily it's not a visible crack. 
&quot;NNUUUU!!!!!!NUUUUUU!!!!!MMMMMMM!!!!!!&quot; she starts sobbing. 
No matter what she does, I keep the chloroformed cloth pressed over her nose
  and mouth. 
I grab her by the waist then I grab her in such a position that I have her
  head on my lap. 
Her legs swing in the air. 
She tries her best to remove the chloroformed cloth from her face. But I'm
  too strong for her. 
&quot;NUUUuu....NMM..mmMMM.....&quot; 
No matter how hard she struggles, I keep her head on my lap, with the chloroformed
  cloth pressed over her face. 
&quot;Mmmmm.....Mmm...Mmmmmm...&quot; 
Her struggles get weaker. 
&quot;mmm...nmmnnnmmm.m........&quot; then she's off to dreamland. 
For a few seconds, I keep her head on my lap, the cloth over her face. 
I look around to see... nobody. Nobody saw me chloroforming a blonde waitress
  inside the car. Hehehehe... 
I remove the cloth from her nose and mouth and I place Stacey on the passenger
  seat floorboard for now. It's cramped down there but noone will see her. I
  take a blanket from the backseat and pull it over her. 
I drive for an hour. 
The rain stopped fifteen minutes ago. 
I come to a secluded area and then I pull over. I take Stacy out of the car
  and place her on the backseat. 
I take some nylon cord and duct tape from my bag. 
I tie Stacey's hands behind her back with nylon cord. Then I add more ropes
  over and under her busty breasts. Her boobs bulge out. 
I tie her arms in such a way that her elbows are almost touching. 
Then I cross her ankles and tie them tightly together. I add more nylon cord
  over her knees. 
Then I stuff her mouth with a sponge ball and flattten a piece of duct tape
  over her delicious lips. 
Then I wound the duct tape around her head real tight. Her hair is also caught
  in the way. 
Then I put a strip of duct tape over her eyes to blindfold her. 
I'm left all in sweat. This was exciting. 
I look at her helpless sleeping form. 
&quot;You're mine now, piggy&quot; I smile. 
I place Stacey on the backseat floorboard. Then I cover her with blankets
  so that no one will see a blonde woman being kidnapped in the back of some
  car. 
Satisfied she won't be visible to others, I close the door and get in the
  driver's seat. I start the engine, thinking, I finally have her... 
CHAPTER: 4 
STACEY'S NEW HOME 
We were almost there. 
My mind was busy thinking of the things I'd do to my abductee once we got
  home. Her training was going to be an educating one for both me and her. A
  good experience for me to be a master, for her to be my slave. 
The moment Stacey woke up, I turned off the radio. I wanted to listen to her
  helpless moaning. 
&quot;MmmMM????&quot; she purred, trying to get everything together in her
  head. 
The chloroform left her weak. But after she restored her strength and understood
  what was happening, she began making muffled noises under her gag. 
&quot;MmMmmMMFFFFF!!!!&quot; 
The only sound that filled the car was her gag talk and muffled whimpers. 
&quot;MMMMMMFFFFRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!! 
She tried her best to communicate with me. Probably begging me to let her
  go. 
&quot;NUUHHHM!!!!!PPLSSMN!!.....iiiHIHMMMM!!!!PPLLSSNnn....LTMMMMHMMMM!!!!!!&quot; 
I didn't give any reaction at all, which frustrated her and made her whimper
  even more. 
&quot;NUUUUU!!!!!!MMMMMMMFFFFRRR!!!!!&quot; 
I turned around and looked at Stacey as she struggled under the blankets. 
She looked uncomfortable on the backseat floorboard as she tried to adjust
  her body to the narrow space. 
Her helpless sight aroused me. 
&quot;iihhhmmmm....&quot; 
For a moment she tried to rise to a standing position. 
Immideately, with my hand over her chest, I forced her to stay lying on the
  floorboard. 
&quot;MMMMMMMMMMMMFRRRRRRRR!!!!&quot;she protested. 
I kept my hand over her chest, pinning her to the floorboard. 
&quot;You stay down there, hear me?&quot; 
&quot;IIIHHHMMM!!!!IIHHMNNMM....&quot; 
She tried to rise from the cramped space between the backseat and the driver's
  seat. 
But I kept my hand over her, applying pressure, so that she would stay there. 
Defeated, she began sobbing under the blanket that covered her from head to
  toe. 
&quot;If you give me a hard time, you'll regret it when we get home&quot; I
  told her. 
&quot;HHMMMM???&quot; she moaned under the gag. 
&quot;Hmm....?&quot; I repeated mockingly after her. 
&quot;HHhMmM??&quot; 
&quot;Oh, &quot;home&quot;! Yeah, I'm taking you to your new home&quot; 
&quot;NUUUUUU!!!!!!!NNUUUUUUUMMM!!!!!!!&quot; 
She began whimpering and squirming frantically. 
I laughed as she sobbed helplessly on the backseat floorboards. 
After a really long ride, we got home. 
I opened the door and she began struggling furiously. 
&quot;MMMMMMMM!!!!!!MMMMMMMMFRRRR!!!!!&quot; she squealed. 
She tried to kick me with all her might. 
Just as I was laughing at her one of her kicks landed on my chest. And let
  me tell you, high heel blows hurt. 
I grabbed her feet and wrapped her whole body with the blankets. 
I carried Stacey in my arms. To further her whimpering, I handgagged her tightly
  over the blankets and duct tape. 
It was dark. The only noise was that of the crickets' mating sound. 
&quot;nuuuuuummmmmfffffff!!iiiihhhhmmmmm!!&quot; 
She did her best to squirm and scream but I held her tightly. 
I closed the door as we finally got inside the house. 
I awarded her with a slap on her butt. 
&quot;MMMPFFFFF!!!&quot; she protested. 
&quot;Welcome to your new home, Stacey Frost&quot; 
She screamed at the top of her lungs. 
I carried her down to the dungeon. 
Then I dropped her on the bed like a sack of potatoes, knowing that the bed
  is soft enough to prevent her from getting hurt. 
&quot;iiiHHMM!!&quot; she groaned. 
The bed had four leather straps with chains attached to the four posts of
  the bed. 
I unwrapped my slave. 
She lay on the bed, tightly bound with nylon cord, duct tape sealing her lips.
  Another strip of duct tape blindfolding her eyes. 
Her white flesh turned pink, because of her furious struggling. 
I looked at her as she squirmed and squealed on the bed. 
She looked breath takingly attractive in her waitress uniform. 
I sat next to her and wiped the sweat off her cleavage area. 
&quot;MMMMMMMFFFF!!!!!&quot; 
She tried to jerk her body away from me. 
I untied her feet. Of course, she began kicking with all her might. 
I grabbed her ankles and tied them to seperate ends of the bed with the leather
  straps. 
She pulled at her bonds but the chains prevented her from moving her legs
  freely. 
&quot;MMMMFFFFFF!!!!MMMMFRRRRRRR!!!!!&quot; 
Then I untied her hands. She's a real fighter. 
She clawed at me. I held her hands and tied them to seperate ends of the bed
  the way I tied her feet. 
She pulled at her bonds. She looked so helpless. 
&quot;IIIIHHHHMMMM!!!!IHHHMMMMFFFF!!!&quot; 
Slowly, I peeled the duct tape covering her eyes. 
&quot;MMMFFFFFF!&quot; she moaned as I removed it. 
Her big blue eyes looked at me in anger and fear. 
Her make up was... um... every woman's nightmare. It was ruined because of
  the tears and sweat. 
&quot;MMMMMMM!!!!!MMMMMMMMMFFFF!&quot; she screamed at me. 
I smiled down at her. She didn't like it. 
She pulled at her bonds frantically and kept squealing. 
I went over to the closet and came back with a red ballgag in my hand. 
Then I peeled the duct tape covering her lips. 
&quot;OOOOWWWWMMMMMM!!!!!&quot; 
Then I took out the sponge ball stuffed in her mouth. 
&quot;What do you want from me?&quot; 
&quot;Shhh.....&quot; 
&quot;This is kidnapping!&quot; 
I chuckled at her naive comment. 
She understood that she wasn't doing any good to help herself this way. So
  she gave me the Bambi eyes. 
&quot;Please let me go! I won't tell anyone&quot; 
&quot;Open wide&quot; 
&quot;No! Please don't gag me! I won't scream! PLEASE!! PLESNNnMPffMMMMMMMMM!!!!!&quot; 
I stuffed her mouth with the red ball- gag. Then I tightened the straps around
  her head real tight to keep it in place. 
&quot;NUUUUUUHHHHUU!!!!NNUUUUUU!!!!!&quot; she sobbed. 
&quot;Goodnight&quot; 
I kissed Stacey on her forhead. 
&quot;MMMMMMMFFRRRRRRRRR!&quot; she screamed, irritated. 
Stacey looked so sexy in her waitress uniform, tied to the bed, gagged and
  all helpless. 
I went towards the door. 
&quot;Try to sleep. It's going be a long day tomorrow&quot; I told her. 
&quot;MMMMMMMmmm!!!!MMMMFFFFFrrrr....&quot; she kept crying under the ballgag. 
I turned off the lights and closed the dungeon door behind me, as Stacey sobbed
  helplessly in the dark room. 
CHAPTER: 5 
MY DREAM 
Sunlight fills my bedroom. I look out of the window. It's a beautiful day
  out there. 
For the first time, in my whole life I fell asleep the moment I put my head
  on the pillow. I didn't have any dreams or nightmares as well, which is rare
  for me. 
For the last couple of days I had really weird dreams. Like the one in which
  I kidnap Stacey and bring her home, only to find all of my ex- girl friends
  waiting for me. They lecture me on abducting a woman. 
Then I try to bind and gag all of them. But it gets out of control. Bettie
  Page and Irving Klaw come out of nowhere and tell me that the way I tied the
  girls is not tight enough to keep a woman in bondage. 
Regarding Stacey's kidnapping, I didn't want anything to go wrong. I didn't
  want her bindings to be loose. I didn't want her gags to be weak. I didn't
  want any nosey lady to witness her abduction. 
Well, now that I have Stacey down in my dungeon, none of this matters. What's
  important is that she's mine now. And nobody know that she's here. The perfect
  abduction! 
I wonder when will Stacey's family and friends notice that she's missing?
  Probably right away since she won't be showing up to work this morning. 
Well nobody can trace her disappearence back to me. I didn't leave any clues
  back at the scene of the kidnapping... I hope. 
I wonder if they can trace the marks of the tires....? Musn't get paranoid. 
No, I made it! 
WOW!! I MADE IT!! I kidnapped a waitress and got away with it! Hehehehe... 
I get out of bed and take a quick shower. Then I read the papers. 
I check my e- mail. The inbox is full, I'll check it later. 
I take my cup of coffee and go down to the dungeon. 
The only noise that fills the basement is Stacey's heavy breathing. 
I place my hot coffee on the table and stand over my helpless victim. 
&quot;mmmMFFFF!&quot; she protests behind the red ballgag. 
She's startled to see me. 
&quot;Slept well?&quot; 
&quot;MMMFFFFF!!!&quot; she yells. 
She looks tired. 
She probably kept screaming and struggling all night long. 
&quot;I forgot to tell you, the dungeon walls are soundproof&quot; I smile
  mischievously. 
She looks at me with hatred. 
&quot;MMMMPPPFFFF!!!!! 
Her muffled moans arouse me. 
Her eyes go down to the bulge formed between my legs. 
She drools uncontrollably. I wipe the saliva on her chin. But she keeps drooling. 
I run a hand over her pantyhose covered legs. 
&quot;NUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!&quot; 
Her breasts rise as she keeps breathing. 
I go over to the closet and take out a pair of white surgeon gloves. 
I put them on. 
Stacey looks at me with fear as I pour a lubricant on the tip of my fingers. 
&quot;I'm afraid you're not going to enjoy it as much as I'm going to enjoy
  it&quot; I tell her. 
She looks terrified. The expression on her face is priceless. Her eyes are
  open wide with fear, her cheeks, a shade of pink. 
&quot;IIHMHMMMM!!!!IIHHHHMMM!!&quot; she sobs as I sit next to her on the
  bed. 
I hold her waist as she keeps struggling. 
&quot;NUUUUUU!!!!PPLLLSSSNMMM!!!!&quot; she whimpers helplessly. 
CHAPTER: 6 
HER NIGHTMARE 
I pull Stacey's skirt down to her ankles as she keeps struggling under my
  grip. 
&quot;NUUUUUUU!!!!!!!PPLLSNNNNMMMMM!!!!NUUUUUUU!!!!&quot; she begs. 
&quot;Yes. Please?&quot; I mock. 
Then I rip the crotch area of her pantyhose. 
I cut her white panties. 
&quot;IIIHHMMMMMM!!!!&quot; she sobs helplessly. 
She's completely vulnerable at the moment. 
&quot;We have to take care of that bush of yours as well&quot; I tell her. 
She seems embarrased by my comment. 
I bring my lubricated fingers closer to her asshole. 
&quot;MMMMFFRRRRR!!!!!&quot; 
Stacey tries to jerk her body away the instant my fingers touch her asshole. 
I hold her tightly. And as she keeps squealing I massage her asshole with
  the lubricant. 
&quot;MMMMMMMMM!!!!!mmmMMMM!!!&quot; 
She's tense. Then I apply the lubricant on her clit and spread it around. 
Then without a warning I slip an inflatable, vibrating buttplug inside her
  asshole. 
&quot;MMMMFFFRRRRRRRRRR!!!!&quot; she shrieks into the gag, drooling at the
  same time. 
Then to her surprise I inflate the buttplug. 
&quot;MMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!MMMMMPFFFFF!!!!&quot; she screams as I keep pumping. 
She lies still on the bed, uncomfortable because of the buttplug. 
Her pantyhose shines in the soft light. 
I take off her shoes. She has sexy feet. Her red painted toenails are visible
  under the shiny pantyhose. I rub the soles of her feet. 
Irritated, she tries to pull her feet away from my grasp. 
She squirms and squeals. 
Then I remove her skirt with the pair of scissors. 
Then comes her shirt. 
She's left with her bra and pantyhose. 
Gently, I cup her breasts over the bra. She screams into the gag. 
Slowly, I pull down the straps of her bra over her shoulders to the sides
  of her arms. 
Then, instead of cutting it, I reach behind and undo her bra. 
She's naked except for her pantyhose. 
&quot;You look tired, Stacey&quot; I tell her. 
Then she follows me with a puzzled look, trying to figure out the device I'm
  holding in my hand. 
I sit next to her with the violet wand in my hand. 
&quot;Do you remember that song 'It's Electric'&quot;? I laugh. 
&quot;MMMMmmm??????&quot; she purrs innocently, not knowing what I'm going
  to do to her. 
CHAPTER: 7 
STACEY'S MUFFLED SCREAMS 
I put the violet wand on the bed. Then I take off the gloves. 
Stacey inspects the device with discomfort. 
&quot;First let's get you out of your nylons&quot; 
I cut the toes of Stacey's pantyhose. 
&quot;Would've been fun if you were standing on your toes&quot; I smile at
  her. 
I remove her pantyhose. 
&quot;iiiihhHMMm....&quot; she moans. 
&quot;But first let's oil you up&quot; 
I take a bottle of baby oil and begin oiling up Stacey's entire body. I rub
  her breasts, tummy, crotch, legs and feet. 
&quot;MMmmmMM????&quot; she moans under her gag. 
I wipe off the saliva on her lips and chin. 
She looks all shiny and sexy covered with oil. 
I cup her delicious breasts and squeeze them. 
&quot;MMMmmmmMMM!!!!!!&quot; she protests. 
&quot;You know the Tesla coil, right? Well, same principal&quot; 
She looks puzzled. 
Then I turn on the violet wand. An annoying, electical buzzing noise fills
  the dungeon. 
&quot;mmmmm????&quot; she purred in panic. 
Stacey was lying on the bed, motionless, still like a mummy. She closed her
  eyes real tight, not knowing what was going to happen. 
I began rubbing the violet wand around her tummy and slid it between her legs.
  I kept rubbing and then: 
&quot;MMMMMMFFFFF???!!!&quot; she jerked her legs with a spasmic movement. 
Her eyes were wide open with shock. 
I kept rubbing the violet wand and again: 
&quot;MMMMMMFFFFRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!&quot; she shrieked into the gag. 
She pulled at her bonds with reflex and spasmic movements everytime the violet
  wand touched her nerves. 
Then I turned the dial. 
&quot;MMMMMMM!!!!!!IIIHHHHHMMMM!!!!!&quot; 
Now she kept screaming into the gag, constantly. 
&quot;MMMMMMMMMMMFFFFRRRRRRR!!!!!!!&quot; 
She became animated all of a sudden, now that I increased the power of the
  violet wand. 
She sqealed and squirmed and pulled at her bonds. But the straps held her
  in place, not giving her enough freedom to move freely. 
After each contact of the wand on her skin, I rubbed that spot to avoid skin
  burn. 
&quot;MMMMMPPFFRRR!!!!!MMM!!!!NUUUUU!!!!PLLLSSSSS!!!NUUUUUUUUUU!!!&quot;she
  screamed. 
I kept rubbing the wand on her tummy and nipples. 
&quot;oooOHMMm...IiihHMM....oHHUmm......NNUUUU..PLSsSmmm....MMMMMMFRRRRRRR!!!!!&quot; 
She kept moaning and screaming. 
Then after a while she had her first forced orgasm. Then another one and another
  one. She soaked the bed with her juices. 
I rubbed and squeezed her nipples. 
&quot;MMMMMPFFFFF!!!&quot; 
I licked and sucked them and then without a warning I placed vacuum/ suction
  tubes on her nipples. 
&quot;MMMMMMFFRRRRRRRRR!!!!!&quot; she screamed under the gag. 
Then I placed another suction tube on her vagina. 
&quot;iiiiiHHHHMMMMMM!!!!&quot; she whimpered in pain. 
I kissed her neck and pulled at the suction tubes on her nipples. She moaned
  and sobbbed, helplessly. 
I played with Stacey like this for a full three hours. 
&quot;Would you like some chocolate?&quot; 
She was in the middle of having another forced orgasm. 
&quot;Mmmm...???&quot;she purred with extacy and agony. 
I removed the wand away from her crotch, denying her, her orgasm. 
&quot;MMMMMmMM!!!!&quot; Stacey screamed. 
She was covered with oil, sweat and her own juices. It was hard to tell which
  was which after a while. 
I pinched and twisted one of her nipples. 
&quot;Pay attention!&quot; 
&quot;MMMMMMMmMmM!!!!&quot; she shrieked in pain. 
&quot;Would you like something to eat and drink?&quot; 
&quot;mmmmm...&quot; she nodded. 
&quot;Fine. But you have to earn it!&quot; 
&quot;mmmm......???&quot; she purred erotically. 
&quot;I'll be back&quot; I told her. 
After ten minutes I came back with a large pot full of hot wax. I placed the
  pot on the floor. 
Then I removed the buttplug from her asshole. Then I removed the suction tubes
  from her nipples and vagina. 
&quot;MMMMm!!!&quot; she kept moaning. 
Then I untied her. 
&quot;MMMMmmMM!!!!&quot; she tried to resist me as I lifted her from the bed. 
Her entire body was shaking 
I tied one of Stacey's ankles to an anchor on the floor with rope. 
Then I tied another piece of rope around the other ankle. I raised that leg
  as high as possible. 
&quot;MMMMMMMMFFFRRR????????!!!!!&quot; she screamed in pain. 
The sole of her foot almost touched her shoulder blade. 
She had a hard time, trying to stand on one foot. 
&quot;MMMMMMMMM????&quot; she yelled into the gag. 
With a piece of rope, I tied the pot of hot wax to an anchor on the ceiling.
  The pot was now placed just above Stacey. 
Then I tied Stacey's hands with rope. Then I raised her arms behind her as
  high as possible and securely attached the end of that rope to the rope that
  held the pot of hot wax. 
Now she was helpless. 
The slightest movement of her body would cause the hot wax to spill on her
  back. 
&quot;MMMMMMFFRRRRRRRRRR!!!&quot; she screamed in terror, figuring the cruel
  set up. 
&quot;You try your best. I'll come back after forty minutes to check on you&quot; 
&quot;NUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!MMMMMMMPFFFFFF!!!!&quot; she screamed frantically. 
&quot;I'll bring some chocolate&quot; 
&quot;NUuuu...IiiiHHHMMMm...MMMMM!!!&quot; she sobbed. 
Then I pinched her nipple and twisted it. 
&quot;MMMMfFFFF!!!&quot; 
She tried to keep her balance in pain, trying hard not to move. But she wasn't
  successful. 
A good amount of hot wax spilled on her bare back and ass as she squirmed
  in pain. 
&quot;MMMMMMFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRR!!!&quot; she screamed in pain as the hot wax
  covered her skin. 
&quot;MMMMmmMMM!!!MMFFFFFF!!!&quot; she screamed into the gag. 
I let go of her nipple. 
&quot;See you in forty minutes&quot; 
I looked at my watch. 
&quot;Make that fifty. I have to take care of my own needs as well. You had
  yours a thousand times&quot; It was true. Stacey probably had the most powerful
  orgasms she ever had in her entire life. 
She sobbed helplessly as she tried to keep her balance. 
I looked at Stacey. Her body was shaking, she was tired. 
As I was closing the door she lost her balance, I think she had a cramp in
  her leg. 
Well she'd been lying on that bed since last night, so changing her position
  from one extreme to another, it's normal that she has a cramp. 
She lost her balance and again the hot wax spilled on her back. 
&quot;MMMMMMFFFFFRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!&quot; she screamed in pain and kept crying. 
I closed the door behind me. Leaving Stacy, alone hanging like that. 
CHAPTER: 8 
BATH TIME FOR THE SLAVE 
It took me an hour and ten minutes to eat and do what I told Stacey I'd do. 
Actually I was so immersed with myself that I forgot all about Stacey's situation. 
I wonder if she managed to keep her balance for the whole seventy minutes,
  poor girl. 
I went down to the kitchen and grabbed a box of chocolates and a small glass
  of water. Then I headed for the dungeon. 
I opened the dungeon door and saw Stacey moaning in pain. 
&quot;mmm...mmmmmnnnigghghhmm....&quot; 
She was crying frantically. 
I looked up at the pot of hot wax. The pot was empty... 
Then I took a closer look at Stacey. 
Of course... She wasn't able to keep her balance at all. 
Her back, her ass and almost her whole body was covered with hot wax. 
She was in hysterics. If it wasn't for the ropes holding her body, she'd collapse
  on the floor, 
&quot;MmmMM....PLLSSSS....NNUUUUHHUUUU.....MMMMmm.PLSsssnnMMM!!!&quot;she
  begged me as she kept drooling. 
There was a puddle of drool at her feet. 
With my finger I checked the wax on her body, it was dry. It covered her body
  like a second skin. Her asshole was covered shut with it. I pressed my finger
  against it. 
&quot;MMMMFRRRRRRRR!!!&quot; she screamed in agony. 
Her busty breasts bounced and danced around, 
as she pulled at the ropes furiously. 
&quot;Sorry, guess I'm a bit late&quot; 
&quot;MMMPPPFFFF!!!!&quot; she cursed me under her gag. 
&quot;I brought you some food and water&quot; 
I untied the straps of the ballgag. 
I wiped the drool around her lips and chin. 
&quot;Why are you doing this to me?&quot; she asked, her voice shaking. 
&quot;You belong to me, waitress!&quot; 
&quot;Please let me go.., Please... I won't go to the police... Pleasnnmm...mMpfFF...&quot; 
I handgagged her. 
&quot;Listen, Stacey, you're going to be my slave. Even if it sounds silly
  or bizarre to you right now, you're going to be my slave&quot; 
&quot;MmmMPPFFFFFf!!!&quot; she moaned. 
&quot;In time you're going to learn to adress me as Master or Sir. From now
  on your only purpose will be to serve me&quot; 
&quot;NUUUUU....huuuhuuummmm!!!!!&quot; she screamed. I felt her lips trying
  to move under my palm. 
Her helplessness aroused me. 
&quot;You think people will be looking for you? Nobody knows you're here!
  They'll quit looking for you after a week. So you better understand this; just
  for three days, you're a face on a paper on a tree. But do you think they'll
  keep looking for you forever? Hah! They'll forget all about the waitress who
  used to work at the diner. You're nothing but a newspaper clipping. Accept
  your new life. You belong to me, piggy&quot; 
She began crying helplessly. I felt sorry for her. I felt like a monster...
  But then again, as she moaned and kept producing those erotic, muffled noises,
  a bulge formed between my legs. 
Anyway, I removed my hand from her mouth. 
She looked so vulnerable. As she kept crying, I felt that if I were her boyfriend
  ( and not her kidnapper ) I would hold her real tight in my arms and kiss her
  out of her misery. But I'm not her boyfriend. So... 
I fed her a piece of chocolate. 
She swallowed it whole. 
&quot;Want another one? 
She nodded as she kept sniffing. 
I cleaned her runny nose with a hanky. 
I fed her the whole box of chocolate. 
&quot;Water?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, please&quot; 
She drank the water real fast. She looked so cute as she gulped the water. 
&quot;Listen, it's not possible to remove the wax from your body without softening
  it first. So you're going to take a bath&quot; 
She listened to me with tear filled eyes. 
I untied her and she collapsed in my arms. I carried her in my arms. 
&quot;What's that? A fountain?&quot; she asked me as I placed her inside an
  empty, aquarium like tub. 
After I placed her inside, I handcuffed her hands and feet. 
&quot;Oww!!!&quot; she protested. 
&quot;Now, just lie down&quot; 
&quot;WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO ME???&quot; she asked in terror. 
&quot;Relax&quot; 
&quot;HEEEEEELLPP!!!!!HELLNMmooHHumm....&quot; 
Without a warning I gagged her with a breathing tube. 
&quot;nuuuu...plllsss..nuuummmm....&quot; she moaned and squirmed inside the
  tub. 
She breathed heavily. Her breasts rose with each breath. 
I closed the top of the tub with a crate. The crate went over the breathing
  tube. 
Then I started filling the tub with water. 
&quot;nuuu...ohhumm...mhuh....&quot; her muffled moans could be heard from
  the other end of the breathing tube. 
I watched her from the glass walls of the tub. 
She squirmed, frantically, inside the tub, as water filled it. 
&quot;An hour would be enough for her&quot; I told myself, as she kept struggling
  in terror. 
CHAPTER: 9 
SORRY, YOU CAN'T GO HOME 
I watched Stacey for an hour. For the first half an hour, she kept thrashing
  with all her might. She was obviously freezing, the water was very cold. 
Then to keep her breathing going easily, she lay in there like statue. 
I came over the tub. I listened to hear breathing. 
My hand went over the breathing tube. 
Then without a warning, I covered the end of the tube with my palm. 
Within a second she began thrashing again. I waited for some time, with my
  hand blocking her air supply. Then I released it. 
&quot;ohhumm...mmhh..mmm....&quot; Stacey breathed heavily. 
She stopped her struggling. 
Then again I covered the breathing tube with my hand. Stacey pulled at the
  handcuffs biting into her ankles and wrists. 
This time I kept my hand longer over the tube. She looked so desperate. She
  looked like a fish trying to fight for it's life inside a small aquarium. 
Then again I released the end of the tube. 
&quot;mmmmm...Ohhh...ohummm......&quot; she tried to breathe. 
She became frantic so I removed the crate and relased her from her bonds. 
She was shaking. Her whole body was cold like a piece of ice. 
She looked at me with hatred and fear. 
&quot;I'm not trying to harm your health in anyway. I'm only training you,
  slave&quot; I told her. 
She began crying like a baby. 
&quot;Why... why are you doing this to me? I don't even know you...&quot; 
I placed her on the bed and sat next to her. She kept shaking. 
With one hand I fondled her busty breasts, they were so soft. I squeezed them
  and played with them. My other hand went between her legs. 
&quot;No! Please donmmpfff....&quot; 
I covered her mouth with my hand. 
&quot;MMMMPPFFF....&quot; she kept crying as I played with her vagina. I inserted
  three of my fingers in search for her G- Spot. 
&quot;MMMMMFFFFRRRRR!!!!&quot; she shrieked as I pinched her nipples and twisted
  them. 
Then I removed my hand from her mouth and kissed her on the lips. 
As I kissed her, she kicked and tried to punch me. 
I laughed at her deperate situation. 
&quot;What do you want?&quot; 
&quot;I told you. I want you to be my slave&quot; 
&quot;You... you can't keep me here! This is insane...&quot; 
&quot;Listen, Stacey, like it or not you're going to stay here from now on.
  You're not going back home. Get used to it&quot; 
&quot;You're a monster!&quot; 
I slapped her across the cheek. 
Her cheek turned cherry red. 
She began crying again. To grab her attention I slapped her again. 
&quot;You maniac!!!! Let me go!!!&quot; 
She began thrashing helplessly. She looked so pathetic. 
&quot;HELP ME SOMEBODY! HELP ME!!!! I&quot;M KIDNAPPED!!!!&quot; she screamed
  at the top of her lungs. 
Within a second I was on top of her. As she kept struggling, I managed to
  pin her arms with my knees. 
I produced the bottle of chloroform from my pocket and poured it on a dirty
  piece of cloth. 
Stacey began shaking her head violently from side to side, figuring my intention
  to put her to sleep. 
&quot;No! Please... Please... sir... Please... not the sickly smelling drug...
  Pleeeheeheezzz..&quot;&quot; she kept crying her heart out. 
&quot;PleuhhmMmm....MUUUHHmmm.....&quot; 
I covered her nose and mouth with the chloroformed cloth. 
&quot;NUUUUUHHUUUUHUU!!!PPLLSSS....NUUUUUUUU!!!!&quot; she kept sobbing. 
No matter how hard she squealed and squirmed, I kept the chloroformed cloth
  in place. 
&quot;MMMMMFFFFRRRRR!!!!!.....ihhMmm...&quot; 
Her struggling and moaning aroused me and a hard bulge was formed between
  my legs as I lay on top of her. 
She tried her best to remove my hand from her face. She clawed, kicked and
  thrashed. 
&quot;mmm.....MMMMmmm..nuuuuu.....&quot; 
I held both of her hands with my hand. 
&quot;mmm...nuuuuhuuuhuuu.....pllssss.....&quot; 
Her kicking got weaker. 
And then she was off to dreamland. 
I removed the chloroformed cloth from her face. 
I kissed her on the neck then I rested my head on her breasts. 
&quot;How sweet, fresh meat...&quot; I laughed. 
I catched my breath. Wow... That was fun! 
I looked at Stacey's helpless body. She looked so sexy with her busty boobs,
  nice butt, big toenails, bony knees. 
The pink soles of her feet looked so cute. Her areolas reminded me of pepperoni,
  weird. 
I took Stacey in my arms. Then I placed her inside a small, uncomfortable
  cage, hanging from the ceiling. I locked her inside the cage. 
It will take a long time for the chloroform to wear off. So I went upstairs
  to watch &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; on DVD. 
CHAPTER: 10 
SHE'D RATHER BE WITH AN ANIMAL 
In the end I only watched Adrienne Corri's scene and skipped the rest of &quot;A
  Clockwork Orange&quot; and watched &quot;Stealing Candy&quot; instead. That
  film also has a nice bondage scene in it. 
I fell asleep in the middle of the film and woke up with the irritating ringing
  of the doorbell. 
I made sure the dungeon door was locked. Then I answered the door. 
It was Mrs. Chambers. She informed me about the new neighbourhood watch that
  was being formed. Actually I was going to tell her how lousy our neighbourhood
  watch was since I was able to bring Stacey in without any interference but
  then again it's not my business. 
Anyway she's such a nice person that I listened to her with my &quot;I'm all
  ears look&quot; and thanked her. 
After she left I checked my watch and realized that I had slept for a long
  time. 
I went down to the dungeon. I had other things on my mind rather than the
  neighbourhood watch. I grabbed a tight, black leather hood from the closet
  and came over the uncomfortable cage that held Stacey. 
I shook the cage. 
&quot;Wake up!&quot; 
No response. 
I shook it violently. 
&quot;WAKE UP! SLAVE!&quot; 
No peep. I didn't think I used that much of chloroform. I unlock the cage
  and grabbed Stacey. 
Just as I took her out of the cage A kick landed on my chest. 
&quot;You f*cker!&quot; she yelled. 
That little cheater... 
I fall on the ground, she lands on my stomach and punches me right in the
  shoulder, now that hurts. 
&quot;AARGGGHHHH!!!! You're going to pay for this!&quot; 
&quot;Can you say, Rated- R for ruthless revenge&quot; 
I smack her across the face. Have to give it to her though she can still keep
  her sense of humour. 
Darn it, I forgot to lock the dungeon door. She sees it and makes a run for
  the door. 
I grab her by the ankles and she falls flat on her tummy. 
&quot;Ouch!&quot; 
&quot;You belong to me waitress!&quot; 
She kicks me in the face. 
&quot;I'd rather be with an animal, you sick f*ck&quot; 
&quot;AAAHHH!!!&quot; 
She gets up to her feet. Stacey runs towards the stairs with hope in her eyes.
  But then again: 
&quot;Ouch!&quot; 
She loses her balance and falls on her knees, holding her calf. 
&quot;Awww, poor princess got a cramp in her leg?&quot; 
I make fun of her. 
I catch up with Stacey and grab her by the waist and we struggle. She claws
  at me with all her might. 
&quot;Ouch!&quot; 
I grab her by the hair 
&quot;LET GO OF ME!&quot; 
She kicks me in the crotch. 
&quot;You're just making it worse for yourself!&quot; 
It's too late she's by the door within seconds. 
I look up to her in pain. 
She manages to smile with triumph and gives me the finger. 
I can hear her banging on the door and screaming. 
&quot;HELP ME SOMEBODY!!!&quot; HELP ME!!&quot; 
I catch up with her just as she is pulling at the doorknob helplessly. 
When she sees me she runs towards the livingroom. Her busty breasts bounce
  around as she tries her best to escape from this prison. 
We play cat and mouse around the table. Then I jump over the table and land
  on her, we fall on the ground. 
&quot;HELP MEE!!!! YOU SICK FUnnMPPFFF!!!&quot; I cover her mouth with my
  hand. 
She thrashes wildly. 
&quot;MMMMMMPPFFRR!!!!MMMMMM!!!&quot; 
I pinch her nose shut with my other hand. 
She's now frantic. 
&quot;NUUUUUUU!!!!!NUUUUUUUUUMMMM!!!!&quot; 
Her breasts rise and dance around as she tries to breathe. 
I release her nose. Just as she takes a deep breath I slip the tight leather
  hood over her head and handgag her over the hood. 
&quot;MMMMmmPFFF!!!!!NNNMMMM!!!!&quot; 
I'm sweating profusely. 
&quot;I win... You lose, piggy&quot; I hiss into her ear and then I unzip
  my pants. 
&quot;NUUUUUU!!!!NUUUU!!!!&quot; she squirms helplessly. 
I place my erect penis inside her. 
&quot;NUUUHUUUHHUUU!!!IIIHHMMMMMM!!!&quot; she screams in terror. 
It's moist, wet and warm. I feel at home... I feel like an animal... But just
  as I'm about to thrust my penis deep inside of her, I stop... 
&quot;No, it's too easy this way!&quot; I zip my pants up. 
Stacey is crying under the hood. 
&quot;Get up!&quot; 
&quot;MMMMMM!!!!&quot; I pull her hair and bring her up to her feet. 
I pinch her nipple and twist it. 
&quot;MMMMFFRRRRRR!!!!&quot; she screams in agony. 
&quot;See what happens if you try to run away?&quot; 
I keep twisting her niplle 
&quot;PLLLSSS!!!!NUUUUUUU!!!!&quot; she sobs under the hood. 
She looks so pathetic like this; naked with a tight hood over her head, breathing
  heavily and crying constantly. 
&quot;No more trouble or I'll be keeping you inside a small box for the next
  two days with no food, no water, no nothing. You'll be sleeping in your own
  filth. HEAR ME?&quot; 
I hold her by the hair that sticks out of the hood and lead her back to the
  dungeon. 
She hesitates to follow me, so I yank her hair hard. 
&quot;OWWWWW!!!&quot; she sobs under the hood. 
&quot;You're going to be sorry for what you did, slave!&quot; 
I close the dungeon door behind us as she keeps begging me to let her go.
  My only response is pulling her hair as we go down the stairs. 
Since she can't see her next step, she acts so clumsy going down the stairs.
  I pull her hair harder, almost causing her to fall all the way down to the
  bottom. But I hold her by the hair. She screams in pain. 
Again I'm aroused by her helplessness. 
CHAPTER: 11 
ERASE, REWIND 
I pushed Stacey's shaking body on the bed. She buried her hooded head into
  the soft pillow. 
She kept sobbing helplessly. 
I turned her over on her back and pinched a nipple. 
&quot;MMPPPFFFF!!!! PPLSSSs...&quot; she whimpered. 
I took the hood off. She breathed heavily. 
I ran a finger across her cheek and then without a warning, slapped her with
  the palm of my hand. 
Tears ran down her red and wet cheeks 
&quot;That's for the pathetic escape attempt. You're going to get punished
  for this, slave!&quot; 
&quot;Please... I want to go home...&quot; 
She looked so vulnerable as she begged to be released with her big blue eyes. 
&quot;You're home&quot; 
&quot;No....&quot; she looked at the dungeon door. 
I slapped her again. 
&quot;Don't even think about trying it&quot; 
I held her arm and she got off the bed. 
I led her to the center of the dungeon. 
She fell on the floor. I went over to the closet and came back with some gear
  that made Stacey's eyes widen with fear. 
I threw the accesories at her feet. 
&quot;Now, one by one you're going to put them on&quot; 
&quot;Whh...?&quot; 
&quot;You heard me, slut!&quot; 
&quot;Please...&quot; 
Then she saw the riding crop in my hand and gulped. 
&quot;My way or de Sade's. Now put that on&quot; 
She looked at the five ring collar lying infront of her. 
And she picked it up rather slowly. She examined it. 
&quot;Please...&quot; 
The crop brushed her breasts. 
&quot;OWWW!!!&quot; 
&quot;Put it on, SLUT!&quot; 
She looked at me with fear. 
Then she put the collar on. 
&quot;Make it real tight&quot; 
She did what I told her to do. 
She gulped hardly with the pressure on her throat. 
&quot;The nipple clamps&quot; 
&quot;No!&quot; 
The crop brushed her belly. 
&quot;Owww... Stop! I'll do whatever you want&quot; 
Carefully she placed the nipple clamps on each breas. She kept moaning in
  pain. 
&quot;That's better. In time, you're going to learn to obey your master without
  making me repeat myself&quot; 
I pulled at the nipple clamps. 
&quot;You're hurting me!&quot; she whimpered. 
I smiled down at her. 
&quot;Now tie your right ankle to the anchor on the floor with that piece
  of rope&quot; 
She tied the rope tightly around her ankle and tied the other end to one of
  the anchors on the floor. 
&quot;The gag! You really have a big mouth! Using the &quot;F&quot; word in
  my household? Tsk. Tsk. Tsk&quot; 
She took the inflatable gag and gagged herself. 
&quot;Now, inflate it! I don't want to hear your pathetic voice! I want to
  listen to your helpless muffled noises&quot; 
She began to inflate the gag. With each pump her cheeks began to bulge out. 
To test the effectiveness of the gag I smacked her nipples with the riding
  crop. 
&quot;mmmmmmm...!!!!!!&quot; 
Excellent. Just the way I want her to be. 
&quot;Now your hands. Put on those handcuffs&quot; 
She looked at the handcuffs suspiciously. 
The crop landed on her crotch. 
&quot;MMMMMMMFRRRRRRR!!!!&quot; she whimpered in pain. 
Her muffled noises aroused me. 
She put on the handcuffs after several unsuccessful attempts . 
&quot;That's better!&quot; 
I smacked her crotch one more time. 
&quot;Nuuuu....mmmmmmmmpffffff....&quot; 
She tried to communicate but only the exciting muffled noises escaped her
  lips. 
&quot;Hope you're ready, slut&quot; I hissed in her ear. 
Then I slipped a piece of rope through one of the rings on her collar and
  tied it to an anchor on the floor. 
Then another rope was slipped to the second ring and I tied that one to an
  anchor on the ceiling. 
&quot;MMMMPPFFF????&quot; 
Now she was standing in such a position that she could neither stand up straight
  nor kneel on the ground. 
I grabbed her left leg. 
&quot;MMMMMmmmmM???&quot; 
I tied her leg to her neck with more rope. Now she was all helpless. 
&quot;MMMMMMMFFFRRRRRRR!!!!&quot; she screamed with all her might. 
The pathetic noises she produced under the gag, kept me real hard. 
Then I slipped a piece of wire through the third ring on her collar and tied
  one end to the nipple clamps. Then I looped the other end through another anchor
  on the ceiling. 
Now she had to keep her movements in minimum. 
Or she'd be left breathless and at the same time pressure will be put on her
  tender nipples. 
&quot;MMMmmm....??&quot; she purred erotically. 
&quot;Now let's teach you what we do to girls who try to runaway!&quot; 
She looked at me with fear. 
My belle captive I thought to myself as she tried to test her bonds. 
CHAPTER: 12 
&quot;DEUCE&quot; 
Nothing seems to be working with Stacey. 
Hot wax training, caning, self- bondage, tight and cruel bindings... Nothing... 
Every single time I think that I broke her will at last, she scores another
  successive point. 
I mean in spite of all the &quot;training exercises&quot; I put her through,
  she still manages to keep that rebel spirit of hers. These exercises are supposed
  to break her will for crying out loud! 
It's like she's challenging me. I mean if it wasn't for the pain, I'd say
  that she enjoys all of this. And this is the way she wants to keep the game
  going on. 
Well, what I need is, certainly, not a selfish slut. What I need is a submissive
  slave! 
Note to self: The next time you're going to abduct a woman, make sure that
  she's a subfem. 
Still, two can play this game. So I changed my strategy. If the attention
  and the horsing around is what she wants, then she won't be getting any of
  it. 
For the last two weeks, I'm having minimum contact with Stacey. I only go
  down there to feed her and help her with the toilet needs and her periods. 
She eats out of a bowl like a cat and has to drink her water the same way.
  I keep her gagged at all times. Except for her three meals. 
And of course she's always cruelly bound and gagged. All alone in the scary
  dungeon... 
On purpose, I didn't bathe her for the last seven days. So that I could taunt
  and humiliate her even more. 
We'll see who wins at the end. 
Me? I have the whole time in the world. Since I have Stacey in my clutches
  anyway. But what about my poor little Stacey? For how long can she endure these &quot;exercises&quot;? 
And she's not going anywhere, so I can keep it coming... I can wait... But
  the question is; can Stacey handle it? 
CHAPTER: 13 
ENTER: Talia Page 
I was getting impatient with Stacey... Days passed by... But nope, still no
  sign of obedience from my captive... 
Of course I wasn't being lazy all this time. With the help of items in her
  purse, I went through an extensive research on my captive. 
I'm glad that women keep so many personal stuff in their purse. I found a
  small adressbook in Stacey's purse. That book contained passwords to her e-
  mail, icq, MSN accounts. 
A mystery was revealed before my eyes. I went through an exhausting amount
  of work. I read every single e- mail, icq history in her accounts. 
And finally I found the key to breaking Ms. Stacey Lee. FINALLY!!! All that
  research has paid off well. 
The key to breaking Stacey was Talia... Talia Page... 
From what I read in her e-mails and chat logs, Heather is a friend of Stacey's.
  Well.. um.. Actually more than that... I found out that my captive waitress
  is actually a lesbian. And Heather is her one true love. 
Heather's nineteen years old and she's attending school. But even though they're
  this close, I understand that they never met in real life. Their relationship
  is an online one. At least for the time being. 
Stacey has nice pictures of her. She's a brunette with short wavy hair. She
  has a nice figure, a pretty face. 
Their e- mails and chat logs show how much they care and love each other...
  I have to pay Talia a visit after school. Who knows I might help her with her
  homework afterall. Hehehe... 
I know what you're thinking, &quot;oh! how low can you get!&quot; etc.,kidnapping
  Stacey's friend and all. But hey! I didn't want this. Stacey could've chosen
  the easy way and be my footstool. 
But no! She had to act like a rebel... I'm just teaching her a lesson, that's
  all. 
A take a look at Talia's picture. A cute girl indeed. It's going to be fun
  grabbing her. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
I wait across Talia's school, drinking ice tea. I wait for two hours. 
And there she is. She's much prettier than the pictures she sent Stacey, I
  must add. 
Talia's wearing pink ballet flat slippers; white ankle socks and a nice dress. 
She's carrying her books, pressed against her chest. So girly, so cute.. 
I cross the road and follow her. 
She keeps walking with a friend and then they go in different directions.
  Perfect! Now she's all alone. 
I approach my unsuspecting victim from behind. 
&quot;Excuse me? Talia right?&quot; 
&quot;Yes?&quot; 
&quot;I've got news regarding your friend Stacey, Stacey Lee&quot; 
&quot;Stacey? Are you a friend of hers? Is she ok? I was really worried. She
  hasn't been online for like... so long?&quot; 
&quot;Unfortunately, Stacey's not ok. She asked me to come down here and ask
  you to come with me&quot; 
&quot;What is it? Is it something serious? What's going on?&quot; 
&quot;I'll tell you all about it in the car&quot; 
&quot;Ok. Let's go&quot; she said, all excited. 
Piece of cake. What a gullible sweet girl. 
On purpose I parked my car behind an abandoned building not so close to Heather's
  school. 
She seemed so excited about seeing her &quot;love&quot; that poor girl didn't
  see me soaking a piece of cloth with chloroform. 
&quot;Here we are&quot; 
She opened the passenger's door and as she was getting inside I grabbed her
  from behind and clamped the chloroformed cloth over her nose and mouth. 
&quot;MMMMMPFFFF???&quot; she began thrashing and moaning. 
She looked so pathetic and cute, trying to avoid the sweet smelling cloth. 
She kicked and screamed. Her muffled noises echoed. 
And after a few seconds she was fast asleep. 
I gagged her with a sponge ball and sealed her lips shut with electrician
  tape. 
Then I slipped a pillowcase over her head and tied it tightly with nylon cord
  around her throat to keep it in place. 
Then I tied her hands behind her back and crossed her ankles and tied her
  feet tightly with more nylon cord. Then I put her in a struggle &amp; choke
  hogtie and stuffed poor Heather in my trunk. 
I started the engine. I looked at the mirror and wiped the sweat off my forehead. 
&quot;Ms. Lee, now we'll see who's got the upper hand&quot; I smiled to myself
  as I drove back home with my wildcard stuffed in the trunk. 
CHAPTER: 14 
THE REUNION 
It's a long way back home and I decide to take Talia out of the trunk and
  have her keep me company. 
I pull over at a secluded area. When I opened the trunk I found her sobbing
  helplessly. 
With the pillowcase slipped over her head, she couldn't see what was happening
  so she mistaked me for help and began whimpering. 
She was so excited that her muffled noises aroused me. 
When I reached in and cupped her busty breasts, she squirmed helplessly and
  kept sobbing under her gag and hood. 
I took her out of the trunk. The struggle and choke hogtie restricted her
  struggles. 
I placed Talia on the backseat floorboard and covered her with blankets to
  keep her out of sight. 
I turned off my radio. For the rest of the journey I listened to her sweet
  muffled moans. 
Don't you just love gagtalk? The damsel doing her best to communicate but
  only the erotic &quot;mmpph&quot; noises escape her lips. 
In my opinion, the faint moans of a gagged woman, beats any motion picture
  soundtrack. 
After a wonderful drive back home with my bound &amp; gagged kitten mewing
  on the uncomfortable floorboard, we finally reached our destination. 
I stuffed Talia in a duffelbag and carried her inside the house. 
Once we were inside, I took her out of the duffelbag and I released her from
  the hogtie. Then I untied her ankles. 
I placed a collar around her fragile neck. I held the leash. 
With the pillowcase still in place, I led her down to the basement. 
She looked so cute and helpless, not knowing what to do. So I had to pull
  at her leash to make her follow me. 
She mewed and moaned helplessly. 
Stacey was hogtied and suspended from the ceiling. 
As we were coming down the stairs, Talia's muffled whimpers attracted Stacey's
  attention. 
&quot;MMmmphhh?&quot; Stacey mewed curiously. 
&quot;I got a surprise for you, Stacey&quot; I laughed. 
&quot;MMMMPPFRRRRR!!!&quot; she responded with anger. 
She knew something was rotten around Denmark. 
Women have strong instincts. 
&quot;MMMPPPFFFRRRRR!!!!&quot; Heather moaned under the hood. 
I stood infront of Stacey with Talia's leash in my hand. 
Stacey's eyes were wide open with fear. 
I removed the pillowcase to reveal Talia's beautiful visage. 
Her forehead was sweaty, her cheeks pink, her make up ruined because of the
  tears. The electrician tape sealing her lips, caused her cheeks to bulge out. 
&quot;TTHRRMMMMPFFFF????!!&quot; Stacey moaned with excitement. 
&quot;STTMMMMFFFPFF???!!!!&quot; Talia screamed into the gag. 
Both of them were shocked to see eachother. 
They were very excited. 
And suddenly both ladies began communicating with gagtalk. It was like a party
  all of a sudden. 
Two women catching up: 
&quot;MMMPPPHHH?????????!!!&quot; 
&quot;NUUUMMMPPPFRRR!!!&quot; 
The dungeon was filled with their muffled noises. 
I put my arm around Talia's shoulder. 
&quot;So what do you say now, waitress?&quot; I asked Stacey with a grin. 
&quot;MMMPHHH...&quot; she mewed with a sad look. 
Actually I didn't understand what she said under the gag. But she didn't have
  to say anything at all. Her looks gave it all away. Her sad eyes read: &quot;You've
  defeated me&quot;. 
I laughed hard and slapped Talia on the butt. 
Stacey responded with a muffled whimper. 
As the helpless women kept moaning under their gags, I was wondering what
  to do with my new slaves... 
TO BE CONTINUED 
CHAPTER: 15 
TRUST 
For the last three days, I had been keeping my women in two seperate cages.
  I had them blindfolded and hooded all the time so that they could only hear
  each other's pathetic muffled moans. 
I knew I was almost there... Breaking Stacey at last... 
Today is the day... The day I'm going to test Stacey's trust in me... And
  it's her last chance to show me that I can trust her. Because I've had enough
  of her arrogance. I can always sell her to a sadistic couple on the internet...
  You won't believe the number of couples seeking slaves out there. And it won't
  mean a thing to them if the slave is a willing submissive or a woman kidnapped
  off the street, as long as they get to keep her. 
That Talia looks like she's more of a subfem than Stacey. So I might train
  her sweet ass instead... We'll see how things go today. 
I have Stacey sitting on a chair. She's naked. A strip of duct tape covers
  her eyes. Another strip seals her lips. 
She's breathing heavily. Her helplessness arouse me... 
Her hands are bound behind her back. I tied three dumbells to each of her
  ankles. As she keeps squirming I tie one piece of rope around her throat. I
  tie the other end to three dumbells resting on the floor. 
She tucks at her bonds. But the weights do a good job of holding her in place. 
&quot;MMMMPPFFRRRR!!!&quot; she whimpers with frustration. 
I laugh and slap her across the cheek. 
She produces a high pitch yet muffled scream. 
I slap her again. 
Then without a warning I pull the strip of tape covering her eyes. 
&quot;MMMPH!!!!&quot; blinking a couple of times, she adjusts her eyes to
  the light. 
Her eyes widen with shock as she sees Heather. 
&quot;Nice work, huh?&quot; I laugh. 
She tries to say something under the tape. 
&quot;You know Stacey, I've had enough of your unwillingness to submit to
  me. So maybe I'll have to play with your Heather instead. What do you say?
  I'm going to make her suffer though&quot; 
&quot;MMMPFRRRR!!!&quot; she screamed in fear. 
&quot;Sorry, she can't hear you. Her ears are plugged&quot; 
Stacey begins crying. 
Talia looks at Stacey, confused. She doesn't have a clue about the things
  she'll be subjected to. 
I have Talia on a dentist's chair. She's naked except for her pink bra and
  panties. Oh... yes... I also kept her pink ballet flats and her white ankle
  socks on. There's something about ballet flats that turn me on... 
Talia's gagged with a pumpgag. Her cheeks bulge out. 
I have her spreaded legs stretched, almost touching her head. Her ass and
  private parts are right infront of me, vulnerable. 
I have tied her ankles to her throat. Then tied her hands to her thighs. Nipple
  clamps are linked to clamps holding her pussylips open. Another piece of rope
  tied around her throat is tied around a dumbell. You see a not so complicated
  bondage that leaves room for much cruelty. 
Talia is breathing heavily... I go behind her and take out pieces of cotton
  and duct tape from my pocket. 
Stacey knows what I'm playing at. She shakes her head violenty. Tears run
  down her cheeks. I smile at her. 
Poor Talia can't make a thing out of Stacey's behaviour and mews under the
  gag. 
Then I hold Talia's head in my arms and stuff her nostrils with cotton and
  as she thrashes I seal them in place with ducttape. 
She's helpless. She tries jerking her head, which leaves her breathless... 
&quot;I just left enough space for you to breathe slowly. Sorry I forgot...
  You can't hear me&quot; I smile. 
Stacey and I watch her thrashing, 
But a few seconds later she gets the gist. Her breathing slows down. 
I laugh hard. 
Then I begin planting kisses on Talia's neck as her breasts heave. 
My hand slides between her legs and I invade her body... 
&quot;You like what you see, waitress?&quot; I ask Stacey. 
&quot;Nuuu.... Nu...huuuhuuuuu&quot; she begins crying. 
Her muffled moans arouse me even further. 
I get infront of Talia and pull down my pants. 
She looks at my erect penis, just inches away from her most private part.
  She shrieks into the gag. 
&quot;Do you want me to carry on, slut?&quot; I ask Stacey. 
&quot;PPPPLLSSSS!!!!! NUUUUUUUHhhmmm....&quot; 
Both of them are crying their hearts out. 
I pull my pants and get behind Stacey and whisper in her ear; 
&quot;Fine. But are you ready to do what I tell you to do?&quot; 
She nods as she keeps crying. 
&quot;Okay then...&quot; 
------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Within fifteen minutes I have Talia bound, gagged and stuffed in a coffin-
  like iron box. 
She's crying as I close the lid and lock it. 
Stacey's dressed and she's standing next to me. 
&quot;You see the air supply in that box will hold for one and a half hours.
  So you see, we better get back in time or...&quot; 
&quot;I understand!&quot; she tells me, holding back the tears. 
&quot;A wrong move and she won't see daylight again. And I don't want that.
  And you don't want that. And I'm sure, poor little Talia won't want that. I
  mean you don't know the location you're kept so anything you do will be useless.
  You won't be able to find her in time. So stick with my plan; we go to the
  fetish store, get you and Talia new goodies and come back here. I want to know
  that I can trust you...&quot; 
She looks at me with fear and nods.... What do you know... I guess I've just
  done it... I broke Stacey... Former waitress... My new slave... 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  THE Traveller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





