BDSM Library - My Horrible Fate




My Horrible Fate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Male blackmailed and totally enslaved by wife and friends,NC, forced feminization, punishment, piercings et.al
Part one.


 Friday 26


Trembling, and trying desperately to keep myself from crying, I waited, as
ordered by Ulrika, my wife.
I was precariously balancing myself on top of the insane - nine inch
stiletto-heels, four inch platform - shoes.My feet where pointing straight
downwards in a kind of ballet stance, but I dared not even think about sitting
down even if my "clothes" had permitted me to do so. I did not even dare to lean
against a wall, despite the fact that my poor feet and legs where literally
shaking and throbbing with pain. The kitchen was dark, only lit by a weak bulb
over the sink.
Laughter and small talk from the adjoining dinner room drifted in trough the
closed door. Suddenly the sharp light from the row of overhead tubes flickered
into being, illuminating the large room with their blue-white glare.

I blinked away tears, as my eyes tried to adapt and I stiffened my body,
standing at attention, a false, mouth open, happy, smile on my surgically
enlarged, almost Negroid lips - but no one entered. A few minutes passed, and I
again dared relax slightly. I tried to avoid looking at my reflection in the
full sized, wall-mounted mirror that dominated opposing wall, but somehow it was
difficult.
A totally bizarre figure looked back at me from the other side of the mirror:
long, shapely, utterly hairless legs encased in dark silk stockings, held in
their place by laced black suspenders. The suspenders vanished beneath an
extremely short skirt that exposed a wide area of white flesh above the hem of
the stockings - and also a semi-erect penis, encased in a series of
tight-fitting metallic rings. The rings prevented the penis from getting more
erect than it already was but it still jutted obscenely outward from the black
dress, slightly lifting the lower hem of the white lace apron that the
apparition also wore, tied around its wasp-like, impossible slim waist. The main
reason for the extremely slim waistline was the reinforced black leather corset
that was laced on, keeping the torso erect and the backbone totally rigid. The
horrible garment did not only force me to gasp for each small breath of air,
almost making me pass out, it also extended a crushing force downwards and
backwards, pushing my wide hips and large, rounded, female buttocks back, making
the large globes tensed and hard. Above the waist, pushed upwards and outwards
by the extreme corset, a couple of very large breast jutted defiantly upwards,
in part supported by black plastic cups that encased the lower third of the
double D jugs. Gleaming chrome loops where pierced trough each swollen, large,
erect nipple, and in addition to this a small bell was dangling from the
nipple-rings. Above this a dolls face looked outward under a large, curly blond
mass of hair, what looked like heavy make up covering the skin. Blood red,
glistening, wet, full lips pouting invitingly, long eyelashes sweeping the air
in front of big blue eyes, thick layers of what looked like blue eye shadow and
mascara enhancing and re-shaping their appearance. What was less apparent was
that the "make-up" was tattooed on and probably would stay on for the rest of my
life! I kept my head tilted upward, forcibly so by the thick and stiff
discipline collar that was more or less permanently locked around my neck. It
would have been less stiff and heavy if it weren't for the built in electric
cattle prod and radio receiver. The hated collar was my real prison - the shocks
it could dish out where strong enough to render me unconscious, if not kill me.
And it was operated by remote radio-control, using the same technique as cell
phones. I shuddered, looking away from my mirror image - I barley recognized the
"she-male" that was myself. How had it got this far? I had no answer, but in my
heart I knew that I had only myself to blame, really.

-------

 The dreaded bell finally rang. I desperately prayed for something, anything, to
happen, to prevent the direction that events where progressing, but of course it
didn't. I obediently moved forward, gingerly balancing on the extreme heels, my
large breast swaying, soft ringing noises from the small bells dangling from my
nipples. I picked up the large tray and, walking with extreme care, I made my
way over to the door. Taking a deep breath, again desperately praying for some
miracle to save me at the last moment, I pushed the door open. The group of
people sitting and standing around the large table totally ignored me. It was
ten women and eight men. All had been my friends in a remote, almost unreal
time, before Ulrika vent insane on me. I literally felt my face burn with
humiliation and shame, dreading what I knew probably would happen. Standing to
the side was Mariko, Ulrika's Japanese maid. She was a beautiful girl, dressed
in a classic French-maid's dress. She held one of the dreaded remote controllers
that could trigger my collar in her small hand.
"Hurry up, toad!" she hissed in her lilting, heavily accented voice. I smiled
broadly with my mouth open. I hurriedly minced with short, fast steps, careful
to walk with my ass and hips swaying as much as I was able placing the large
tray on the table beside Mariko.
"You may clear the table, pig!"
"Yes ma'am, thank you ma'am" I said in my thin, high pitched, feminine voice,
tying to keep from slurring the words, which wasn't easy due to the two rows of
metal-studs that was pierced trough my tongue. I curtsied. My vocal cords had
been modified at the same time as much of my body had been changed. My new,
almost totally female, body was the result of extensive surgery rather than
chemicals and hormones, making me feel totally like I was a man that was trapped
inside a woman's body. I minced over to the table, hips swaying, buttocks and
breast jumping this way and that. I placed myself slightly behind and to the
right of John, my older brother, him being the safest one to be near.
"Excuse me Master, may Piglet take you plate?" I asked, curtseying deeply,
blushing with bone deep humiliation. There had never been any great love between
us - but at least some form of respect. That was no more.
"Sure, you fucking pervert" he only glanced at me, leaning back in his chair,
talking to Mona, his wife. I leaned forward from the hips, my back straight as a
rod, the awful corset making my body more or less rigid. This, of course, made
my hips and round buttocks thrust backwards and my very short skirt to slide up
my naked ass, exposing the tense, firm globes to the world. As fast as I was
able, I picked up the plate with its half-eaten Beef Wellington, gravy and
potatoes. Fumbling with my blood red, more than inch long, nails I took the
glass, knife and fork and managed to get back to an upright position. I
curtsied, turned and walked back to the kitchen, painfully aware of the fact
that my skirt was still hiked up halfway up my ass, exposing it as it swayed
provocatively with each short step I took. But I held the plate in my hands, and
dared not risk dropping anything- even if walking like this probably was cause
for a demerit. Dropping anything was five demerits - everything, the slightest
error on my part, was cause for a demerit, and once they added up to fifty
demerits, I had a long horrible day of being disciplined, or tortured to speak
plainly, ahead of me.
"Har, har - your brother has a real nice ass, there, John!" the voice of Leo
Thomson laughed behind my back.
"What are you talking about - Jerry died a year ago, remember?"
I was officially declared dead. My only official identity nowadays was that of
"Sofie Obedient", a citizen of Columbia, without any legal papers or permits to
be in the country of any kind. If I by some kind of miracle were able to escape
my living hell, I probably would be sent out of the country as an illegal alien.
"Oh, yeah, sorry 'bout that, my mistake!" Leo laughed. I hated Leo Thomson, who
actually had been one of my friends in my prior existence as Jerry Lindgren.
Ulrika had lent me to him for a weekend a few months ago, and that experience
still haunted me, and made me realize that it was possible to end up in an even
worse place than I was. I finally pushed the door to the kitchen open and
vanished from view. Panting for air, I crossed the floor, partly from my total
lack of stamina, but mostly from the awful corset's strangling grip. I scraped
off the excess food from the plate, feeling a deep pang of hunger when I smelled
the heavy aroma from the meat and gravy as it landed in the large, red bowl. It
was one of the bowls used to feed the two large Dobermans that Ulrika had
acquired, very aware of my deeply rooted fear of such animals - and to get two
more living creatures who I would have to regard as my infinite superiors and
masters. I felt tempted to take a small bite from the still warm food - but I
was acutely aware of the surveillance camera looking down at me. The two bowls
would be filled to the brim with left over food this night - and it was Killer
and Bruto who would benefit from it. I placed the plate in the sink and
hurriedly went back out to fetch another one.

----------

After about 20 minutes I finally was done clearing the table, plate after plate.
My poor ass had been pinched, fondled and slapped almost every time I leaned
forward to pick up something off the table. Leo had inserted his index finger in
my anus, wiggling it about before pulling it out -and then he made me lick it
clean, to the general laughter of all. The two dog-bowls in the kitchen where
now brimming with food as I began washing up the pile of plates. My belly was
totally empty, I had not been permitted any food for almost two days, and the
food I had eaten then had been some small crumbs left by the two dogs in their
feeding bowls. I was required to lick the bowls clean each time after the two
large animals were fed.
The party continued, now with ice cream and brandy, served by Mariko. I was not
allowed to touch any uneaten food, or serve it. I heard the laughter growing
louder as the wine and other beverages took effect, shuddering, desperately
hoping that it wouldn't take a turn for the worse, as party nights often had in
the recent past. I was finished inside the 15 minutes limit I had for that task,
and returned to the dining room, sweating from rising fear and exhaustion. I
entered, and Mariko immediately snapped at me:
"There you are you lazy worm - clear the table!"
"Yes ma'am!" I said and minced up to the table - I steeled myself as I stopped
behind Leo, figuring he was the most dangerous man around the table, and hoping
he wasn't that drunk yet. If I got by him, I might actually get trough the
evening without having to suck anyone off, or being raped. Once the dinner was
over, I often was left alone.
"Excuse me master, may Piglet take you plate?" I asked, curtseying deeply.
Piglet was my "name for the evening". Leo turned away from his wife Marie,
grinning, looking at my almost bare, quivering and heaving breasts. He pushed
his chair back from the table.
"Sure, Jerry" he one of the few who almost never used anything but my old,
"real" name. "But first I want you to do me a favor here - I need to piss
something fierce, and I don't want to be bothered with the bathroom. Take care
of it, will you!"
"Yes master, thank you master" I smiled, curtsying, trying to keep my revulsion
from showing, fighting to keep a broad, mindless smile on my thick lips. I bent
over sharply at the hips, and leaning against the table with one hand. I fumbled
with his fly with the other. His unwashed, thick penis jutted forward, already
semi-erect. As I bent over more, my mass of blonde hair falling forward, I heard
Leo continuing his conversation with Marie and my brother John as if nothing
unusual at all was occurring. I steeled myself, and slipped my fat lips over his
now erect dick, being careful to get a good seal. I heard a soft grunt, and a
jet of hot urine shot into my mouth as I struggled to both gasp for air and
swallow. I felt his hand grip my hair, and as the piss trickled off, he began to
jerk my head up and down, using it as some kind of masturbation aid. In an
effort to get this first ordeal over with as fast as possible I licked at his
unwashed shaft, sucking and biting very softly. Someone - probably Marie slipped
a hand between my legs and cupped my encased balls. Two fingers pinched very
hard the left testicle, and I almost lost my self-control - the pain was
blinding! At the same time I felt Leo move his hips, and a first load of cum
shot into my mouth as I kept my tongue busy, dragging the rows of studs around
his head, at the same time swallowing what seemed a whole truckload of sperm.
Finally it was over, the dick slowly began shrinking and his grip in my hair
loosened. The hand between my naked thighs viscously scratched my flesh, making
my eyes tear from the pain and a soft whining sound to emit from my mouth. I was
allowed to stand up again, a bit unsure of my balance, gasping for air. Marie
kept her hand on my ass, pinching and clawing, but she calmly kept up a
conversation with Anders on her other side. I gently placed Leo's now shrunken
penis inside his pants and zipped it up again.
"Woa - boy, you really have a great mouth there, Jer! The only thing better is
your ass-cunt, especially when someone is whipping your tits at the same time!
You know, John, you really should try out "Piglet" here - Jerry was a bit of a
dumb shit, but he sure turned into a prime A class piece of fuck meat!"
John laughed, and for a brief instant our eyes met, before I looked down,
ashamed. John had refused to help me get away, he had informed our parents about
what a piece of perverted trash I was, omitting the fact that I was forced to do
this, making them cut me out of their will, and stop talking to me even before I
was "killed". He had gleefully divided up my belongings between himself, my
sister Carina and Ulrika - but he had never made me service him sexually, or
even beaten me up.
A soft flash of electric current seared my neck and testicles, making me
hurriedly bend over and picking up the wide plate and spoon Leo had eaten ice
cream from. Marie thankfully removed her hand from my rear end, and I was able
to flee towards the kitchen, mincing away with short, fast steps, my skirt now
hitched all the way above my naked ass, making the circular swaying motion even
more embarrassing. I chanced a few moments to get my breath, tasting Leo's foul
sperm in my mouth, before I pulled my skirt down and returned. I placed myself
at Marie's right side, and curtsied as I asked: "Excuse me mistress, might
Piglet take you plate?"
She turned and stared at me. Ulrika had laughingly told me that Marie was
jealous about Leo's obvious lust to rape me at any time he was able. Her hateful
glance told me with a sick, desperate feeling it was true. It felt utterly
unfair - did she think I enjoyed having my head down their toilet bowl, almost
drowning while Leo raped my ass? Or cleaning up his cock after it had been up my
ass with my tongue? And the awful thing was that I was at her absolute mercy -
Ulrika would not like it if Marie killed me, but anything short of that Ulrika
most likely would regard as amusing.
"YOU SHUT YOUR FILTHY WHORE MOUTH!" she snapped, slapping me hard across my
face, making me stumble, and almost fall, as my heavy breast swung wildly,
upsetting my balance. I tasted blood mixing with the sperm. Panting, I
stabilized myself, feeling utterly lost. I looked over at Ulrika, but she only
smiled her evil, predatory smile that meant that she enjoyed seeing me in pain.
"Excuse me mistress, might Piglet take you plate?" I whispered, my thin, little
girls voice cracking. Marie stared at me. She turned away, whispering:
"I will fucking kill you, you damn bitch - take the damned plate!"
Thankful I hurriedly picked up her stuff, and returned to the kitchen. When I
returned, I saw Ulrika and Marie engaged in a conversation, which worried me,
but I wasn't able to hear anything. Several of the guests had moved away from
the table, and I was able to get all plates into the sink in record time. I
washed up, and returned again to the dining area, where Mariko greeted me with a
hard stare, the rest of the party had moved into the TV-room, where I heard soft
music being played.
"Well, piggy - you have five demerits so far tonight - four are awarded because
your skirt was not in place on several occasions, and the fifth is because you
looked into Master John's eyes for a moment. You have just seven more to go
before you hit fifty again - and I overheard Mistress talking to ma'am Marie -
ma'am Marie will administer your next punishment session."
Mariko laughed at me, obviously delighted to be able to cause some small misery.
I then cleaned up the rest of the room, washing up the last plates and cups.

------------

Almost two hours passed. Again I stood in the center of the now almost dark
kitchen, thoughts chasing each other in my head, almost unbearable pain
throbbing from my feet and legs. I was hungry to the point that I found myself
fantasizing about the Doberman's leaving some scraps for me later tonight, and
about when Ulrika's niece had handed me a stale piece of bread a week ago. I had
worked really hard for that slice of slightly green piece of rye. I had been
turned into a "horse", and carrying young Pia on my back I had been running up
and down more or less the entire length of Ulrika's large estate, egged on by
her spurs and riding crop. I glanced at the clock, and began to hope that I
actually would get away with just the blowjob Leo had forced me to give him.
I watched the minutes tick away, and then I actually heard someone starting a
car outside, followed by another, and after a while I saw the lights swing by
the kitchen window, and leave Ulrika's estate. Based on past experience I would
guess that it was the Larson and the Nelson couples, who both had children and
where the only people who actually still had jobs, instead of living the good
life on their illegally amassed capital. I felt a pang of bitterness and hatred
- this money was amassed by me, and by making me the fall guy for some really
heavy criminal stuff - to the word I had committed suicide after loosing my
company more than 200 million on the stock-market. In reality the 200 million
was safely tucked away abroad, controlled by the very people who had been
celebrating tonight.

My chain of thought was interrupted by sound from the dining room, female voices
giggling. The floodlights lit up, illuminating the kitchen, and Ulrika entered,
followed by my younger sister Carina and Johns wife Mona. They ignored me at
first, Ulrika finishing a sentence, the others giggling, and walking past me,
fetching something from a cooler, probably another bottle of wine. Ulrika and
Mona left, but Carina was still behind me, doing something. I dared not move
fearing to provoke something - not that Carina had been all that bad so, far.
She had obviously been among the conspirators, and had not in any way tried to
help me, but she had never actively tormented me. I heard her breathing and
small sounds as she walked about behind me.
"Come here" she said.
"Yes mistress!" I curtsied, turned, minced up to her, curtsied again. "How might
Piglet serve mistress?" I carefully kept my eyes lowered, as I would do my
utmost to keep from getting any more demerits, at least while Marie was upset.
And meeting the eyes of a superior was at least one demerit. Carina laughed,
flicking the small bell dangling from my right nipple, making a metallic,
ringing, sound.
"You look incredible Jerry. If I didn't know it, I wouldn't know it was you at
all. And once we get that pencil dick of yours cut off, no one will believe that
you ever was some sort of male animal."
I felt my breath stop - this was my main remaining fear, that my last strand to
who I had been would be cut, and I would be equipped with a fake cunt instead. I
knew that it was technically possible, as Ulrika had lectured me on just how
easy it would be, once she grew tired of my genitalia.
"Oh, don't worry, it won't be done tomorrow." Carina laughed, weighting my right
breast in her cupped hand. "Leo would like it, he would like to have you as his
private sex-toy and would like another orifice to fuck and Marie, she would like
to sell you off to some bordello in the far east as white meat for whipping and
torture, but all others voted against, or at least to hold off a while. And
don't worry about being sold off to some hellhole in Taiwan or Bangkok - you
know to much about us." She laughed, giggling.
"I have been meaning to ask you something, Jerry. Are you happy? Do you hate us
terribly for doing all this things to you? You may speak freely, I won't tell
Ulrika or anyone."   
I hesitated, my heart suddenly pounding hard - it probably was the first time
this year someone had spoken to me with something that sounded like compassion
or sympathy: I trembled, my heart racing - what should I do? I should smile,
curtsey, and tell her that I was quite happy being used a beast of burden, being
beaten, starved and abused without any regard for my feelings, that the living
hell I was in was really quite funny. Despite knowing that this was the only
safe route, I heard myself sob loudly.
"Uh...please help me Carina, god... sob, sob..." I said, tears brimming from my
eyes. Carina released my breast, and gripped my chin, forcing me to look up. She
looked a bit concerned.
"What are you saying? Are you unhappy? Jerry?"
"Oh, God, I am in hell - please, oh please..... help me get away, I'll do
anything, please.." I sobbed.
"And you hate us for putting you in hell?"
"Well, uh well, uh....  I suppose... please help me." I felt myself hoping,
against all reason really, that Carina would help me.
"Well, now - what did I say to imply I was going to help you? And you really
must get more training in how you are to speak to your superiors. I'll have to
tell Ulrika that you still haven't grasped the most basic stuff."
I felt all hope leave me, replaced by horror.
"But, but.." I said, sobbing.
"Shut the fuck up! What where you saying? But you promised not to tell Ulrika
anything? I lied, fuck-face! Like it is some of crime to lie to a maggot" she
giggled "I just wanted to know that you hadn't developed some masochistic
streak, and begun enjoying your life. Now, if you don't want me to tell Ulrika
that you looked me in the eye, spoke about yourself in the first person, failed
to address me as a superior being, failed to smile, failed to do a lot of stuff
- and tried to enlist me to help you escape from your place in life. I would
suggest you start begging me for mercy right about now - Piglet!"
Oh god - NO. I felt my knees go weak.
"Oh please forgive Piglet, mistress, please, please mistress" I said, still
sobbing, trying to get my lips back in the familiar open-mouthed smile. Carina
released my chin, and I immediately lowered my head again. I heard her pull up a
chair, and sit down.
"Stupid Piglet - doesn't piglet know that there never will be any kindness or
mercy for poor, poor stupid Piglet." She laughed a low, throaty laugh. "Piglet's
owner will of course be told everything, in detail. No doubt this will put
piglet way over the fifty demerits needed to receive a full day in the
punishment room next Friday, a full day of screaming, crawling and begging for
mercy, which of course no one will grant Piglet. Doesn't stupid Piglet know that
that is Piglets lot in life, to scream herself hoarse, while Piglets superiors
laugh at stupid, dumb Piglets pain."
I swallowed, trying to keep from sobbing out loud. Her words horrified me, at
the same time I felt a flush of deep resentment and humiliation sweep trough me.
"God, just thinking about it makes me mopping wet! Come here, Piggy - I have use
for your slut-tongue. Ulrika has been telling me how good you are becoming with
your mouth."
I glanced at her, and saw to my amazement that my once demure little-sister sat
with her legs wide open, skirt hitched over her hips, red silk panties on the
marble floor, her fingers stroking the fluffy pussy between her thighs.
"Yes mistress, thank you mistress" I curtsied and minced my way over to her. I
somehow was able to get down on hands and knees, and then I plunged my tongue
into her slopping wetness, tasting my sister's pussy for the first time ever.
She moaned, and gripped my hair, indicating where I lick and suck, all the time
talking to me as if I was a total moron or a small child.
"OH GOD YES - Piglet is real good with her tongue yes, she is - OH OH OH OH OH
Piglet should be renamed Tongue or Pussylicker next week. But then next week
will be real busy for Piglet. AAAAAAAAAAAAA YYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS... Piglet will
become a world famous star next week, te-he. And a movie star too."

I only listened with half my mind, desire and lust pumping in me, pain from the
encased penis battling with my pent up sexuality - I hadn't been allowed to
achieve orgasm for over eight months. This, combined with the fact that I was
being subjected to a numbered of drugs, some which enhanced my male sex-drive
considerably made this task pure torture. But I still listened up when she
talked about next week - I never was told anything in advance, if they didn't
think to make me suffer more by making me dread what was to come. This had been
the case when I was sent away for six weeks, and my body was transformed into
its present shape. Carina came violently, screaming at the top of her lungs,
painfully jerking my head this way and that. I was not told to stop, so I kept
up my work with my lips and tongue. She settled down.
"That was great - if one could have Piglets lips and tongue in a jar, without
the rest of stupid Piglet, I would marry it, hi hi. Yes, next week Piglet will
star in a little movie we call "Torture of the slave" we will sell over the
Internet. OH OOOOOOOh... Yes ... and then Piglet will become a real celebrity -
poor Piglet will be put on a live camera site, where superiors from all around
the planet can view and torment poor Piglet all hours, isn't it simply divine?
This way Piglet needn't feel bad about all the hours that he can't be of service
to us - instead of sleeping, he will be at the mercy of strangers, who no doubt
be very, very cruel to poor, poor, stupid Piglet."
I flicked the studs on the tip of my tongue lightly around her erect clitoris as
my min raced, fear gripping my soul. Could they be that cruel? Of course, was
the only answer - when I tried to comfort myself with that it really couldn't
get any worse, they quickly proved me wrong by yet another sadistic twist.
Carina again screamed in orgasm, and then pushed me away.
"Enough! Position!" she snapped.
"Yes mistress, thank you mistress" I slurred, my mouth and face slick with her
juices, and somehow I was able to get to my feet. Since she had ordered
"position", I minced over to the far corner of the kitchen, between a fridge and
a large cupboard. I placed myself into the corner, my nose pointing straight
into the corner my nipples touching slightly. Then I opened my legs, spreading
them as far as I was able, and pushed my ass backwards and upwards as far as I
could. Finally I crossed my hands behind the small of my back, staring into the
wallpaper.                  
Behind me I could hear my sister leave, not deigning to speak to me again. I
begin to cry, silently, not daring to make any sounds in case anyone would enter
the room.


end of part one...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SteveL


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





