BDSM Library - College Romp




College Romp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A black girl is assigned a white girl roommate who is one of the college staff daughter.  She makes the best of it.
College Romp I

Brandy not only had the unfortunate luck to be roommate with a white rich girl
named Trish but unfortunately her mother was a part time instructor at the
college.  Why she just couldn't live with her mother was beyond her.  The twit
was always trying to keep the room in perfect order fusing at her for throwing
her stuff down or putting posters on the wall.  She was a goody-two-shoe who was
totally against everything she known her life.  As for herself, if she didn't
get a scholarship for being black there was no way she could ever attend this
college.  Her parents had to work for a living and it took everything they made
to feed the family.  Today, she had just taken some pictures at the local park
and was very tired.  She hoped the girl was gone so she could lie down and
sleep.  Their room was at the end of the hall and almost everyone was at the
ballgame.  Hopefully she was too.

She found the door slightly open and quietly opened it up.  Trish was lying on
her stomach naked on her bed.  She had her toothbrush long plastic tube up her
ass and was stroking her pussy underneath looking at a magazine.  She couldn't
resist the urge and since her camera was still mostly empty took a few photos
from the doorway before getting closer.  Trish had her eyes closed she noticed
and the magazine was still open.  She noticed it contained pictures of black
women spanking white women and smiled.  Taking a few more pictures till her
camera emptied, she approached her and reaching behind without her noticing grab
the holder and push it deeper in her ass.

Owwwwwww.  Trish woke up as if in a dream from the onslaught of her asshole. 
What the ......

She didn't get to finish her words as Brandy had jumped on her back pinning her
hand underneath her still on her pussy and the other hand to the side underneath
her thigh.

So you like to see white girls getting their butts spanked by black girls like
me, huh?

No, Brandy, I just found the magazine.  Get off.

Brandy pushed the holder deeper in her asshole as she yelp from the pain.

Wrong answer, sugar.  I bet you been watching me shower and change with your
pussy twitching at the thought.  You're a dyke bitch aren't you?

No, I never done it with a girl.  I promise.  Get off or I tell mother and get
you throw out of school.

I don't think so, said Brandy.  Reaching back she started pushing the holder in
and out her asshole.  I took pictures at the door of your little orgy on the
bed.  I think your mammy would really enjoy seeing them don't you think?

Please, don't show them to her.  I'll do your homework or anything else. 
Honest.  I'll carry your books.

Again wrong answer.  Tell me again, said Brandy, stroking her asshole with the
holder, you have been looking at me change and shower and getting your pussy all
wet.

Yes.  I mean no.  Ah.  Don't shove so hard.  Yes I was looking.  I was just
curious.  That's all, I promise.

You been thinking about licking my ass, haven't you?

Yes, please it hurts back there.  I was just horny and I didn't try anything.

I think I'm going to make you my little white slut?  You can lick my feet and
ass and service me with your fat mouth whenever I want.  You like that wouldn't
you slut?  She shoved the holder deeper in and out.

Yes, yes.  Anything you want Mandy.  No more please.  I'll be your slut.  My ass
hurts.  Please stop.

Please stop mistress to you slut.  Say it.

Please stop mistress, Trish weep.

Brandy got up in triumph.  She had the girl now and could do whatever she wanted
to her.  She had pictures she could use anytime she wanted.  She walked back to
the door and closed it.  Turning around she saw Trish still laying on the bed
and trying to reach behind to pull the holder from her ass.

Did I say you could take your cock out of your ass, she yelled.

No mistress, Trish replied, removing her hand immediately.  Please don't yell. 
Someone will hear.

I'll yell if I want.  Now get your butt off that bed now.  Get on your hands and
knees slut.

Trish slowly got off the bed and got on her hands and knees beside it.  Brandy
walked up from behind and sat down on the bed.  She kicked off her shoes and
with her foot pushed Trish head to the floor. 

Lick my feet slut while I see how to treat a slut like you.  She picked up the
magazine and started looking at the photos.  There were white girls getting
their asses spanked by black women and licking the black women pussies and
asses.  Plenty of foot worship she noticed as she herself was getting her toes
sucked on by Trish below.

Does my feet taste good slut?

Yes mistress, replied Trish not looking up but continuing her worship.

 Her ass was wiggling in back Bandy noticed and knew she must be soaking wet in
her cunt.  Brandy herself was getting turned on by the photos and her own pussy
was damp.

Where is the rest of your magazines slut?  Bring them to me now.

Trish got up and went to her drawer and uncovered her clothes to retrieve the
rest.  There must have been 10 magazines in her hand when she returned.  Brandy
had removed all her clothing except for her panties and laid on her back on
Trish bed.

Taking the magazines and laying them to her side, she looked up at Trish.  Lick
my pussy while I read slut and I better not catch you playing with your cunt.

Trish got on the end of the bed on her belly between Brandy thighs and started
licking her pussy through the damp panties.  Brandy was getting more and more
turned on with the photos and found several stories, which was to her liking. 
Her pussy was flowing from Trish licking as she looked up and told her to remove
her panties and continue licking.  She tried her best to keep from cumming but
the tongue was driving her wild as she exploded on Trish face.

Not bad slut, she said, looking down at Trish face in her bush.  Now it's time
to do the other half.  Laughing she rolled over on her stomach and picked up a
new magazine.

Trish hesitated.

Do you want to show mammy your photos slut?

She felt Trish tongue working on her buttocks as she focus back on her reading. 
We'll be here all day if you don't get your tongue in my asshole she called back
reading the next story.  She felt her tongue start working between her cheeks
and then rimming around her asshole.  After a short bit, the tongue was snaking
its way in and out her asshole as she was getting close to cumming again.  She
told her to quit and lick her pussy from behind as she finished a couple of more
stories before she came again.

She put the magazines aside and sitting up looked down at Trish face.  She was
pushing her thighs together in back and she knew she needed to come.

Does my slut want to come?

Yes mistress said Trish.  Please let this slut come.

Stand up slut.

Trish got up.

Put my panties in your mouth, Brandy said, getting up.  She got her camera and
loaded another roll of film at Trish horror as she stood in the middle of the
room with Brandy panties in her mouth.

Play with your pussy and be sure to fuck your ass with that holder back there.

Trish had tears in her eyes but she needed to come badly.  She reached back and
grabbed the holder working it in and out her butt while she fingered her pussy. 
Stroking it up and down in a hurry.  Brandy was walking all around taking photos
at various angles to be sure she got everything she needed.  It was so exciting
to watch her cum with her Brandy panties in her mouth.  She was moving forward
and backwards while pushing the holder in and out her upturned butt.  She knew
she now owned this slut but she had more plans in her mind.  She let her remove
the holder and panties and prepared her bath, which she had to wash her all
over, and then tongue bath her.  After her bath, she put her over her lap and
gave her an ass spanking to ensure her position as slave.  She left to get the
photos developed leaving her cleaning the room.  By the time she returned, it
was late, so she decided to lock up the film and told her to sleep on the floor
by her bed naked.  She couldn't play with herself unless she gave her
permission.  She sleep like a baby that night knowing Trish was rolling over and
over beside the bed on the floor.  If she asked for permission, she doubt if she
would have heard it.

The next morning she woke up to find Trish still asleep on the floor.

Get up slut.  Time to go to school.  She slapped her ass with her hand as Trish
jumped up in pain looking at the clock.  Get dressed and you better come
straight here after school today.  Is that understood?

Yes mistress, said Trish, searching fast for clothes to put on.

No panties, slut.

Trish put the panties back down and put on a pair of pants and a blouse. 
Putting her shoes, she stood before her mistress with downcast eyes and asked
for permission to go to school, which Brandy approved.  When she was gone,
Brandy lay back on the bed and formulated her plan for the day.  She wasn't
going to go in today.  No she had big plans that didn't include studying. 

Picking up the phone, she dialed Trish mother, and told her Brandy had gotten in
trouble and she needed to come their room and she would show her.  Trish mother,
Carol, was very thankful and said she would come over immediately.

Brandy lay back on her bed and stroked her pussy.  This was going to be a great
day.  She just knew her luck had changed.  Getting dressed she ran to pick up
the photos and then came back and waited for her visitor.

About an hour later, she heard the knock on the door and had everything in order
as she answered it.  Carol, one of her college instructors and a real bitch to
Brandy stood there.

I can as fast as I could.  What did Trish do now?

Brandy led her over to Trish bed and told her to sit down while she showed her. 
She opened her locker and threw the photos on Carol lap.

Your daughter is a slut.  She wants to be a slave to a black woman.

Carol was still looking at the photos when Brandy threw the magazines on the bed
beside her.  She was reading these when I caught her.  Isn't she so pretty all
naked and playing with herself?  I guess a lot of people on campus would love to
see these.

Carol hadn't said anything but continued to look at the pictures and photos. 
Not only was her own daughter career in jeopardy but her own was also.  Not to
count her husband who would kill her if he found out.  He was an important
businessman who career depended on being respectable.

How much do you want to keep silent, she said quietly looking up at Brandy.

How about straight A's in the two classes all year that you have me in and of
course I would enjoy having you as my slut and slave too.

What.  Carol got up from the bed.  Young girl.  I'll have your thrown out of
school for this.

She started towards the door with the photos still in her hand.

By the way, Brandy said.  I had plenty of copies made.  I even had some put in
an envelope to mail to the Dean already.  I heard he has a hard on for young
girls.

Carol froze at the door, realizing her situation.  Standing there, she turned
around and faced Brandy.  What will I have to do?

As I said.  Straight A's and one day each week you will be my slut and do
anything I tell you.  Of course there will be special occasions that I may want
to use also.

You're sick, Carol said, looking at her with scorn in her eyes.  Do you really
think you can get away with this?

I already have.  Leave if you want or strip now.

Carol didn't say anything, as she knew the girl had her at all angles.  She had
made love to a woman before but never tried anything kinky as this.  Maybe it
wouldn't be that bad and she'd get tired of the game soon.  She slowly started
unbuttoning her blouse letting it fall to the floor.  Removing her skirt and
then bra and finally her shoes and panties.  She was totally naked in front of
the young black girl revealing all her assets.

Get on your hands and knees and crawl to me slut.  Kiss my feet and beg to be my
whore.

Carol was stunned by her change in voice but got down on her hands and knees and
crawled forth.  She started kissing her bare feet.

Please let me be your whore.

Now lick them whore.

Carol started lapping her feet tops as Brandy smiled down.

Between the toes.  I want to feel your tongue between them.

Carol started working her tongue between her each of her toes.  Somehow she
found herself getting excited being dominated by this young ebony girl.  Her
cunt was started to get wet as she started to get more and more in to it
wiggling her ass behind.  Brandy was quick to notice and raised her dress up
over her head and off revealing her nude body towering over her ex-teacher.  She
started stoking her pussy lips and demanded Carol look up.

Does my whore want to lick my pussy?  Tell your mistress you want to lick her
pussy.

Please mistress said Carol looking up. Please let this whore lick you pussy.

You haven't earned the right yet whore.  Crawl and put your head under your
daughter bed.  Hurry up.

Carol crawled quickly and pushed her head under the bed with her butt sticking
up in back.  She was scared of what may happen but her own pussy was wet and she
was beginning to enjoy the thought of licking her pussy.  Meanwhile, Brandy had
gotten the camera and taken a few pictures in back where she couldn't see her.

Time to spank your ass slut for treating me bad in the past.

She grabbed a belt from her drawer and stood behind Carol large ass.  Count them
and thank me whore.  She raised the belt and hit her across both cheeks.

Oh.......  One.  Thank you mistress.

Oh.....   Two.  Thank you mistress.

She continued to count as Brandy was swinging the belt all over her buttocks. 
Tears were forming in her eyes and she started begging by the fifteenth for
mercy.  By twenty she was crying as Bandy stopped.

She took several more photos with the cam and then came back with the toothbrush
holder Trish had used the night before.

Shove this up your ass whore and fuck yourself with it.

Carol reached back and took the holder and started working it in and out her ass
while Brandy was taken more photos in back.  She had the slut and her daughter
now.  The scar above her right foot would give her away for good.  Hiding the
camera, she felt it was her time to relax and enjoy.

She picked one of the magazines up and sat on the bed.

Come here whore and leave that tube up your ass.

Carol crawled out teary face thinking now she would lick her pussy.  Her wetness
was almost gone from the beating, but it was starting to come back as she
crawled and saw her target just feet away.

Brandy held the magazine open in front of her.

What is this whore doing, she asked.

She's licking her mistress ass, replied Carol softly.

You're my whore.  I think you should lick my ass.  Do you want to lick my ass
whore?

Carol dejected replied, yes mistress whore wants to lick your ass.  Please let
whore lick your ass.

On you back whore.  I think your ugly face is going to make me a good seat.

Carol got flat on the floor tilting her ass to the side slightly from the holder
in back and awaited her mistress.

Brandy took her time standing over her head as she slowly lowered her ass down
wiggling it sideways so the teacher could have a good view of what was going to
be sitting on her.  Finally she felt her nose and started working her ass cheeks
so it was in the middle and then laid down fully smothering Carol underneath.

Ugghhh.  Carol moaned.  I can't breath.  Please mistress, I can't breathe.

Start licking and I let you breathe every once in a while or you can just
breathe my fart.

Carol tongue started working her asshole in a hurry as Brandy would raise
slightly hearing her trying to regain her breathe and then sat back down as the
tongue started in again.  She was really enjoying the total control she had now
and pretty soon both Carol and Trish was going to be her full time slaves.  She
kept it up till she was satisfied Carol was under control and then pushed her
ass back so that her pussy was over her mouth.

Get busy whore, I want to cum on your face.

Carol tongue was working her clit like a pro as she rocked on her face.  When
she felt it was close to cumming, she moved so that her tongue was working in
her pussy hole.  Carol was doing a good job as she came with her tongue lapping
still lapping all her juices underneath.

It was close to time for Trish to return.  She threw several magazines on the
floor in front of Carol.  Get on your elbows and knees whore she said.  Read me
the stories while I play with my clit.

Carol started reading with her ass pointed in the air facing the door.  Brandy
knew it was time for Trish to return and knew she wouldn't be late.  She started
stroking her pussy just thinking about the slut walking in and seeing her mother
ass stuffed reading her dirty books.  Ideas were flowing in her mind as the door
opened.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





