BDSM Library - The Stock




The Stock
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Silent had plotted and planned for weeks for this day, and now that it was here, he had to use all of his control to play it cool. He had managed to install an old-fashioned wooden stock in the spare room of his house, and he could not wait to lure a few of his friends into trying it out.Silent had plotted and planned for weeks for this day, and now that it was here,
  he had to use all of his control to play it cool. He had managed to install
  an old-fashioned wooden stock in the spare room of his house, and he could
  not wait to lure a few of his friends into trying it out. It had taken weeks
  to order all the right parts and build it, but he had a feeling it was going
  to be worth it. Right now his mind was set on Jill, as they had necked around
  and had sex once or twice, and as a plus she had expressed a lot of interest
  in certain kinky activities. Silent had even gotten Jill to describe some of
  her more interesting bondage fantasies when they were both a tad drunk one
  night. Now all he had to do was set the stage and see just how much like a
  cat Jill was--because curiosity always got the better of a cat. 
Setting the stage was much easier than Silent had thought; all it took was
  a simple call to Jill asking if she was free on Saturday, and if she was interested
  in a casual dinner, maybe some movies and good chatting. He also hinted he
  had a surprise he wanted to show her as an added bonus to pique her curiosity.
  Silent made sure all the drapes in the spare room were drawn and that the overhead
  lights were out. Then he turned on some flickering lamps that cast yellow and
  orange light all over the room, giving it more of a medieval feel. Satisfied,
  he closed the door and went out to the living room to wait for Jill to arrive. 
Jill came right on time, and after a hug they sat on the couch to chat for
  a while and catch up on each other's lives in the last week or two. After the
  small talk was out of the way, he got some snacks and drinks out of the kitchen
  and put on a video he had made especially for this day. It had taken months
  to track down all the bad B-movies and normal videos that contained stock scenes,
  and he had put the highlights all on one videotape, with an added bonus of
  some of the best BDSM porn about stocks at the end of the tape. 
Jill did not know what to make of the tape at first, as it was not a movie
  per se, but it did show all kinds of strange scenes with one element in common.
  She finally figured it out and asked if this was a video about stocks. Silent
  answered that yes, it was a video he made up to tease and entice her into a
  bit of kinky fun. Jill soon became fascinated by the tape and watched all of
  the action, and of course Silent was loving it, as he had high hopes for the
  rest of the evening. They talked about some of what they were seeing and just
  made the usual TV-watching small talk, with the main difference that the small
  talk was a bit of teasing about bondage and kink in general. 
By the time the video had reached the fourth BDSM erotic scene, and they were
  both a bit aroused, Silent asked if she wanted to see the surprise he talked
  about on the phone. Jill just looked at him with a bit of a glint in her eye
  as she told him she thought the video was the surprise. Silent just shook his
  head and said that was the tease leading up to it. Silent stood up and motioned
  for Jill to follow him. He led her to the spare bedroom, and after giving her
  an evil grin, opened the door and motioned for her to enter. 
It took a moment for her eyes to adjust from the brighter lights of the hall
  to the flickering lights of the room and the stock in the middle of the floor.
  Jill asked in a teasing voice, &quot;So this is the surprise you had for me?&quot; 
Silent smiled and answered, &quot;It's one of my hobbies. I thought you might
  enjoy seeing one up close.&quot; He closed the door to the room and leaned
  up against one of the bookshelves. &quot;Go ahead, check it out.&quot; He knew
  she would be more comfortable touching and playing with the stock if he kept
  a bit of distance at first. 
Jill ran her hands over the wooden surface and walked around it a few times.
  Motioning to the flickering torch-like lights, she commented, &quot;Nice touch.&quot; Then
  she said the words that Silent had been hoping/dreaming of: &quot;So . . .
  how does it work?&quot; 
Silent casually walked over like he had not a care in the world and demonstrated
  the lock on the side that released the top part of the stock, and then showed
  her a few eyebolts in the floor a bit away from the stock, close to where the
  captive's feet would be. He then raised the top part of the device and showed
  her that he had placed a small bit of leather padding around the edges of the
  stock to make it a bit more comfortable than its historic ancestors had been. 
Then came the first of two moments of truth: still holding the top of the
  stock up, Silent asked, &quot;Would you like to try it out?&quot; He made sure
  to smile his most innocent smile and tried to appear as non-threatening as
  possible; he knew he looked more like a devil in sheep's clothing than someone
  with a halo on his head, but that was part of his charm. Jill gave him a look
  with a bit of curiosity in it as well. She did not know how far she wanted
  to go with this, and did not know how far Silent was going to take it; but
  she also knew she just had to try it after having all of those images in her
  head from the video. So she stepped up to the stock and slowly lowered her
  head into place and then put her hands in the side holes, while Silent lowered
  the top half. This position required her to bend over and stick her ass way
  out as well in a very vulnerable way. 
CLICK was the sound Jill heard, and she had a moment of pure panic as she
  now tried to use the backs of her hands and neck to lift the stock. It would
  not move, as she knew it would not, but had to try. Silent knelt down by her
  head and told her to breathe, she was ok, just relax. Jill took a few deep
  breaths and let the panic feeling fade, and then she took stock (she had to
  giggle at the wording her mind just picked) of her situation. She was now totally
  helpless in a room with a man who was very into helpless females, if his taste
  in video was any indication. Then again, she had known Silent for some time
  and trusted him a long way, and he was not pawing at her, or doing anything
  over the top, just trying to calm her down. Silent kissed her forehead and
  then looked her in the eye while still kneeling in front of her. 
&quot;First things first: I am going to give you control of this situation,&quot; he
  told her with a smile. &quot;Just say the word 'Red' and I will stop everything
  I am doing and release you, so you have the power to end this at will.&quot; Just
  hearing those words makes Jill feel much better, and more relaxed. Silent then
  got a devilish smile and added, &quot;BUT, until you end the scene, or I am
  done with you, you are mine to do with as I please.&quot; Jill shivered at
  those words and felt a bit of real fear, but the knowledge of the word she
  could say to end it all made her able to accept it and work through the emotions.
  Silent then kissed her on the lips, this time with passion, so she could feel
  his desire for her, and she knew it might just be contagious. 
Silent broke off the kiss, stood up, and slowly walked around to the other
  side of the stocks, knowing full well that Jill was hyper-aware of his every
  movement, especially when he left her field of vision. Silent slowly touched
  her back, feeling the silk-like material of her shirt, and just ran his hands
  down her back, over her thighs, and down the outside of her legs, feeling the
  denim of her jeans. He then gently caressed the sides of her legs and then
  her back again as he moved up and worked on her shoulders for a few moments
  to relax her a bit more. As he slowly moved his fingers in a scratching motion
  down her back, he commented, &quot;Your ass is way too enticing in its current
  condition not to have some fun with.&quot; When his hands reached her bottom,
  he stopped them and started to caress those lovely round curves through her
  jeans. 
Now for the second moment of truth, he thought. He raised one of his hands
  and brought it lightly but swiftly against her ass, making a soft slap sound.
  Jill jumped at the feeling, but Silent was already back to caressing her ass
  and legs in calming motions. Then he repeated the slap, but Jill did not jump
  as much this time. Silent decided he could take it a bit further, as he started
  to caress less and less and swing and slap her ass more and more, while increasing
  the tempo. He knew his hand was doing very little through her jeans, even if
  the spanking sounded loud, and that was just the way he wanted it for now,
  as he did not want to push too far just yet on sensation play. He also started
  to let his hand wander down between her legs with his caressing, and lightly
  stroked her inner thighs between some of the slaps on her ass. He knew he had
  her when her ass started to sway in rhythm to his slaps and touching. 
He broke off the medium-strength spanking and playing to run his hand up her
  back while he walked to the front of the stocks. He knelt down again to look
  her in the eye, and this time he grabbed the back of her head to pull her into
  a hard and passionate kiss. He thrust his tongue into her mouth and felt her
  sucking on it while kissing him back with as much passion. He kept hold of
  her head while he broke off the kiss and made her stare him in the eye. &quot;Time
  for the real fun to start,&quot; he said, &quot;as that was just a bit of a
  warm-up.&quot; Jill thought, warm-up?? Oh my God . . . as Silent let go of
  her neck and walked back behind the stock. 
He leaned over her, pressing himself against her legs while his arm reached
  around her to give her a hug. Then his hand made a small move, and POP, the
  button of her jeans came undone, and the zipper moved down a little on its
  own. Then his hand moved up and caressed her breasts through her shirt. As
  she was getting used to this sensation, he started slowly undoing the buttons
  on the front of her shirt. When the last button was popped, her shirt hung
  free, and he enjoyed the sight of her breasts nearly spilling out of her bra.
  He pushed her shirt up her back and reached her bra strap. He then made her
  wait, while he started to kiss her back and touch her sides. He knew she was
  expecting her bra to be undone, but he would do it when he wanted, and not
  when she expected it. 
He leaned further over her and this time let her feel his hard-on through
  his own jeans pressing against her, while his hands roamed over her firm stomach
  before he slowly used his nails to scratch around her sides and across her
  back, ending with one of his hands close to her bra strap. He stood up again
  and walked around her side while still keeping his hand on her bare back. Then
  when he had a good vantage point to see her breasts, he popped the bra strap
  to see the breasts swing free. Jill gasped when she felt the snap and the sensation
  of her breasts hanging free below her. Jill was sure she had never felt more
  exposed or vulnerable before, and she also started to feel very aroused about
  the same time; she noticed her panties were starting to feel very damp under
  her jeans, and had felt that way for some time. 
Silent lowered himself to the floor and slid under her, putting Jill's breasts
  right in front of his face. He moved the rest of her bra out of the way, and
  then cupped her breasts in each hand, just feeling the weight of them against
  his palms. He bent his head a bit and kissed her stomach while his hands started
  slowly rubbing her breasts in a downward motion. Jill was really starting to
  enjoy these sensations when she felt his mouth slowly start to head up toward
  her breasts. She was not the least bit surprised when his warm mouth and tongue
  started to play with her nipples, while his hands still kept rubbing her breasts.
  He did that for a good while, alternating between nipples; then he stopped
  all at once, moved over to a cabinet, opened it, and returned. Jill got a bit
  nervous, but more curious at what Silent had planned. 
He had grabbed some good skin lotion/lubricant and a pair of light teasing
  nipple clamps, but first the lotion was needed. He warmed the lotion in his
  hands and then started to rub it into her skin. He knew this would cause a
  very interesting sensation through her breasts and nipples, but nothing compared
  to what he was about to do. 
He wanted to play with her mind a bit, and started to grab high up on each
  breast and squeeze down and pull on the breasts while moving his hand over
  her nipple and then pulling and pinching the nipple a little, before letting
  go and starting over again. Silent was really starting to get into it, because
  with all the lotion on her breasts it was easy to grab a good tight hold and
  still slide his hand down, ending in him pulling on her nipple and then letting
  go. Jill had never felt anything as intense as what he was doing to her breasts.
  It was an amazing feeling, but she wondered what exactly he was doing...and
  then it hit her like a lightning bolt. He was milking her like an animal. 
Her mind went crazy at the image she knew she presented: here she was in a
  stock, breasts dangling down, and a man was milking her breasts as if she were
  an animal. She had seen this exact action on the videotape, but the sensation
  was totally different than just viewing it on a tape. She could picture herself
  so clearly, and that was turning her on even more. The decadence of it was
  overwhelming her mind's erotic identity, but she was hotter than she had been
  in her entire life. They both lost track of how long he played with her breasts
  like that, but Silent had a few other things he wanted to do still. To keep
  her mind still a little focused on her nipples and breasts, Silent attached
  the light nipple clamps on her, causing her to gasp at the sudden change in
  sensations. 
Silent moved behind her and grabbed the jeans and while lowering them to the
  floor, managed to capture her panties and take them off at the same time. Jill
  was in such a mental state that being nude just made sense while in the stocks,
  but she still felt her body shiver at the sudden exposure of the air on her
  most sensitive places. He picked up each of her feet, forcing her to bend her
  knees while he removed her shoes and slid her jeans and panties the rest of
  the way off. Jill was a bit confused, because while she had felt her jeans
  and panties slide off her lower legs, it still felt like something was on her
  ankles. She did not have long to wait before she discovered what had happened,
  as her legs were pulled wide open all of a sudden by something wrapped around
  the ankles pulled taunt. She felt the first edges of an amazing orgasm slowly
  approaching as even more control of her body slipped away. She had thought
  she felt vulnerable before, but that paled in comparison to the feeling of
  her legs forced wide open and her pussy and ass on display for him to do with
  as he wished. 
Silent eyed his handiwork, and could not be more pleased with himself. This
  was the image he lived to re-create and play with. He had slipped a rope cuff
  on each of her ankles when he removed her jeans and shoes, and the rope was
  already passed through the eyebolts in the floor, making it easy to just apply
  a bit of tension to force her legs open, and then tie the rope off. He loved
  the sight and feel of her soaking wet panties as he pulled them off her a few
  moments before. He sat back and just let his eyes soak up the amazing image
  she presented. He loved how her ass was a little damp from sweat, and her pussy
  was open a little and wet from other causes. Silent wondered what was going
  threw her head while he just watched her breathing hard and savored the moment
  before moving on with his fantasy. 
Jill wondered to herself what was next. She no longer felt like herself, but
  like some exotic creature. She knew she had already gone way past the point
  she thought she was going to go and even past a few points she had only imagined
  in her deepest darkest fantasies. Jill had found it so sexy to watch those
  helpless females on video get taken and used for someone else's pleasure, and
  now she was in a stock, total naked and exposed for another pleasure and totally
  helpless to stop anything he was going to do to her. She was to be used for
  his pleasure. She started to have a kind of third person view of herself in
  a strange way now. She could she herself watching one of the girls on the TV
  in this exact position and getting off on it, and in a flash she was in the
  stocks and she could almost feel the women that was in the video watching her
  and thinking the same thoughts about it she was. She could no longer separate
  herself from the fantasy. 
Silent was done enjoying the moment and wanted to have some more intense fun.
  He approached her and slowly just ran his hands over the inside of her thighs,
  ending right at her pussy, but not touching it yet. Silent wanted her to all
  but beg for his touch, and there would be lots of time for that. He could feel
  her body trembling a bit from all the sensations and thoughts going through
  her head. Now back to the basics of teasing, Silent thought, as he pulled his
  hand back and gave a solid slap on her bare ass, making a nice sound. Jill
  moaned as she realized he was going to spank her and tease her again, and this
  time she had nothing between her bare flesh and his hand. She could feel his
  other hand wrapping around her and resting right on her pussy, as he reached
  up for another swipe. Smack, and her body's uncontrolled reaction of motion
  moved her pussy over his hand, giving an almost electrical pulse down there. 
Silent just chuckled and decided he wanted to really tease her with a bit
  of the haze between pleasure and pain. He pushed the hand on her pussy into
  her further, in such a way that his middle finger was resting between her inner
  lips and the tip of his finger was just barely touching the opening of her
  pussy. His other fingers were resting on either side of her pussy and kind
  of holding the middle finger in place. No matter how she squirmed under the
  spanking, he kept his hand planted firmly right there, causing her to rub her
  clit and pussy over his hand. 
Smack, smack, smack echoed off the walls as he picked up the pace a bit more.
  His slaps on her ass got faster and faster, and started to really hurt; but
  at the same time, the orgasm that had been building earlier in Jill had returned
  full force, and with the sensations on her nipples and between her legs as
  she was forced to squirm faster and faster, it became like the light of a train
  while you are standing in the tunnel. Jill knew it was coming, and nothing
  she could do would stop it from hitting her full force, even if it was going
  to happen while she was getting spanked hard. Jill also had the thought in
  the back of her mind that the spanking might, just might be one of the causes
  of her losing so much control, to say nothing of her legs being tied apart
  so she could not even close them over his hand to stop some of the sensations. 
Jill's body started to really rock back and forth, and Silent, feeling this,
  changed the tempo of the spanking to be nice slow HARD slaps, and then smiled
  to himself as he felt her body surrender to the orgasm. As her body kept shaking,
  he made sure his fingers were still teasing her between her legs, but he stopped
  spanking her after a few more swats and just caressed her ass while the orgasm
  rolled through her. When Jill's body finally started to relax a few minutes
  later, he let go and walked to the front of the stock to see how she was. Jill
  was smiling, but her eyes were a bit unfocused. Silent leaned over and kissed
  her softly, letting her come to herself a bit while being kissed. 
Silent broke off the kiss and reached under her breasts to release her nipples
  from the clamps, causing another shudder of sensation through her body as the
  blood returned to them. Silent walked around the stock and grabbed the bottle
  of lube/lotion, giving an evil chuckle and running a hand down her back, moving
  toward her backside. He poured the lotion between her cheeks and let it slide
  down into her pussy, getting it all nice and lubed. He ran one hand over her
  nice and red bottom while slowly massaging the lotion inside first her pussy
  and then into her ass, so she had no idea what he might be planning next. Silent
  was just enjoying watching his fingers rove over both her pussy and then her
  asshole as he played with her. Having her bound so helpless to his advances
  made taking his time a pleasure. 
Silent slowly pulled down the zipper of his jeans, and made sure the sound
  of it almost echoed off the walls. He wanted her to know what was about to
  happen, but that did not mean he could not take his time. He leaned forward
  so she could feel his cock resting between her legs, but not entering her.
  Then he moved to one of the side compartments on the edge of the room and removed
  two pin wheels. He walked back and leaned over to kiss her back, and then showed
  her the pin wheels. 
Jill had never seen these types of toys before. It was like someone had put
  pins around the outside of a circle in the way someone would draw light rays
  coming out of the sun, and then made it so you could roll this device over
  surfaces. Jill's eyes got wide and she manged to come out of her fog a bit
  and just shake her head, and ask &quot;Those can not be meant for use on skin&quot; she
  says. 
Silent gives an evil chuckle, while he rolls one of them up his arm, before
  walking back around to the back of the stock. He started by running the pin
  wheels down her back, and down to her ass before removing them from her skin.
  Silent then runs them along her sides and across her back. Silent knows her
  entire being is now focused on where the pin wheel is, as the sensation is
  impossible to ignore. Silent then starts to real play with her mind and starts
  to do long straight and long lines with the pin wheels, making sure at least
  part of the line crosses a very sensitive part of her body. He wants to prolong
  the anticipation/fear of knowing where the sensation is going before it hits.
  Silent enjoys himself but wonders what goes threw her mind to make her tremble
  so much. 
Jill's had never felt anything like that pin wheel against her flesh like
  that. Her whole mind/body/soul was focused on that wheel like nothing else
  in the world mattered. As it trailed over her skin, it felt like a steel train
  was crossing her skin. When he started to start to angle it so that the lines
  would cross her nipples or parts of her pussy she got a little scared of the
  sensations. Even after she had felt him cross the most sensitive parts of her
  body, she could not help but react as the wheels started their slow course
  to heavy sensations. Jill mind no longer felt right, and it felt more like
  she was a long way from reality, with the only real connection to the world
  that line of mini fire trailing across her body. She could feel it slowly going
  up her inner thigh, an already tentative skin, but she could feel it would
  cross her clit this time, and time slowed down. It felt like an eternity while
  the pin wheel slowly rolled upward, and her body started to shiver from antisipation
  even more. Then it hits her clit and her body reacts like someone shocked her
  and she can breath as the pin wheel starts to train down her other thigh. Then
  long before she can recover, he has started them on a new path toward another
  target of opportunity, and since she is totally help on display for his pleasure,
  there was lots of targets. 
Jill was in a total daze, and it took her a few moments to realize that something
  had changed. The pin wheels where no longer going, and had not been for a little
  while, but she was so far gone in the sensations it took a while for her to
  notice. Then she hear the unmistakable sound of a zipper being pulled down
  behind her, and then hands on either side of her hips. There is no way she
  things and blurts out ,&quot; There is no way you are going to fuck me like
  this also...... there is jjjuuuuuuu&quot;. 
Silent just grins and in one smooth motion thrust into her nice and deep cause
  she is still so wet, she has been dripping a bit down her leg. His first thrust
  causes her body to convulse a bit and stops what she had been trying to say
  in mid word. She felt so wet and he was sooo hot he was not sure how long he
  would last, but he was determined to enjoy this as long as possible. 
He starts off with long slow deep thrusts, and just enjoys the feeling of
  his cock moving slowly in and out of her, but he can not help but slowly increase
  his rhythm. He keeps his eyes closed to savor the sensations for now. Times
  flows by and he is getting close, and he opens his eyes to take in the full
  effect of what he is doing. He looks down at all the tinny pin wheel trails
  across her back, and can see her panting from overload and arousal. She is
  bent over with her legs bound to keep her pussy and ass open for his pleasure
  and he can see himself fucking her pussy, with her juices covering his cock.
  Just the thought that he could do anything to her including fuck her brains
  out as he was doing threw him into his own orgasm. He grabbed her hips harder
  and thrusted deep inside her and just held on as his orgasm washed over him. 
After he recovers, Silent untied her legs and then unlocked the top of the
  stock and lifted it up, but told her not to move just yet. He moved to her
  side and helped her stand first, then lowered her to the ground between his
  legs and held her. She is shaken, so he pulls a blank over her and just rocks
  and hold her while she comes back down to earth. 
When Silent got the energy to move again himself, he picked Jill up and carried
  her to his bedroom and bed, cuddling up with her in a more comfortable environment
  as they talked about the evening's activities in soft voices long into the
  night. 
Jill wonders if she will get that &quot;threw the looking glass experiences
  ever again&quot;. 
Silent wonders just how much she is willing to try :) 
Just the start of a wonderful exploration for both of them, with Jill learning
  the ropes so to speak, and Silent learning about Jill. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shadeofnight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





