BDSM Library - Revenge is Sweet




Revenge is Sweet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Couple gets more than they bargain for when they decide to become real time slaves to a black mistress.
Revenge is Sweet

John and Jean had practice in the BDSM scene for years.  He has a company that
was financial secure but he couldn't let go of his desire to be a full time
slave to a beautiful black lady.  He was obsessed with the idea and his wife
finally agreed to go along with it even through she was a total bitch around
others.  Her desire was not near as sexually active as his but she was dedicated
to the marriage no matter what.  When John finally told her he had found the
perfect mistress of 25 she wasn't very impressed but when he told her he had to
sign over their house and business as part of the deal along with everything
else they owned she was furious.  She suggested divorce and anything else she
could but to no avail.  A lawyer, she knew and could be trusted, told her it was
all legal if he gave everything away and she had signed the paper.  It was her
fault she hadn't read the fine print.  She agreed with it only after she found
out that it was for only 6 months and if she pleased the mistress all would be
returned except for 20 percent of the business which was forever lost.

When the day finally arrived, the nervous couple was to be totally nude with
their hand lock in back with handcuffs and their feet tied together.  It was
hard to perpare for this but they succeeded and sat back on the couch to await
their mistress and her pleasure.

When the door finally opened young black lady appeared with a handbag of items
and told them they were to stand up for inspection.  Even Joan had to admit the
woman was beautiful and found herself getting as excited as John was wearing a
large hard on by now.

Jan the mistress opened the bag and got a black harness and tied it to John cock
so that his balls and cock stood straight out as attention.  She then took out a
small wooden thin paddle and demanded he tell her what a slut he was and explain
how his ass and balls were hers for use.  A few slaps on his balls with the
paddle and he was telling her he was the biggest whore in the city.  He was
offering his ass, cock, and mouth for whatever his mistress wanted.  She kept
slapping his balls while he was pleading and begging for mercy and turned to
watch Joan looking down with a smile on her face at his sluttish performance. 

Don't worry bitch, you'll get yours next.  She then reach down and grab his cock
and led him to over to the table and put him over the edge.  She got a large
paddle from the bag and started whacking his ass as hard as she could as he was
thrusting his ass up and down to try to avoid the hits.  His pleas of mercy fell
on deaf ears as she continued until the door bell rang and then walked to the
door and opened it.

A large black lady of 45 appeared and Joan recognized immediately as her ex
maid, Martha.  Joan had been extremely cruel to the woman calling her a fat slob
on occasions; demanding tasks she knew she couldn't do, and demanded John fire
her while smiling the whole time.  As soon as she saw Martha, she knew her ass
was gone and started to turn to run, but Jan grabbed her by the hand and turned
her around.

Martha was smiling royally at the Joan standing nude before her and her wimpy
husband red ass bent over the table trying to avoid her glaze.  Honey, when you
told me that you had a surprise slave for your mother, I never would have
thought it would be so good.  Me and the bitch here has a score to settle so why
don't you keep that pecker face husband of her business for awhile till I can
get to his big ass.

Martha walked over to the crying Joan and grabbed both of her tits in each hand. 
Whose tits are these now whore she said twisted them and watching the agony on
Joan face.  Speak slut.

Ohhh.  Yours mistress.  Please. Please.

Martha pulled both tits towards her and kicked her pussy with her knee as Joan
eyes lit up in pain.  When she asked who her pussy belong to, Joan responded
very quick that it was hers as another kick was delivered before she could get
the last word out.  Her pussy hurt and her tits were being pulled to their limit
and twisted.  She begged forgiveness from Martha knowing it wouldn't come.

Honey, I'm going to take the white ass to the bedroom with me to play for
awhile.  It's time she learned her place in life and I'm going to show her white
ass who it belongs to.

Go ahead mother, said Jan who had gotten a black dildo from her bag and was
shoving it in and out of John ass telling him to fuck it.  A few slaps on his
ass and he was rocking back and forth on the cock as she continued the onslaught
of his ass.

Martha grabbed Joan by the hair and started to lead the crying wife towards the
bedroom slapping her ass as she cried.  Too late for that bitch, Martha said. 
Your ass is mine.

When they arrived in the bedroom, Martha sat on the bed she used to have to make
each day and grabbing Joan by the hair, pulled her over her lap.  Payback time
bitch.

She started slapping the white wife ass with all her might as Joan was squirming
all over her trying to avoid the next blow.  Her ass was on fire like never
before and if she didn't do something quick she wouldn't be able to walk for
weeks.  Crying, she started begging Martha to let her be her slave and use her
mouth for her pleasure.  Her legs were couldn't be lifted because of the rope to
protect it.  She offered everything she knew to get the older black lady to
quit, as her ass couldn't take any more.  When she stopped she was in full tears
and crying like a two-year-old kid.

Martha rubbed her sore ass and asked her if her white ass belong to her now, as
Joan sobbing replied that it was.  She squeezed the cheeks between her fingers
causing Joan to shirk from the pain and then spread her ass wide for inspection. 

You are such an asshole.  Look at that brown hole of yours, I knew you were full
of shit, but you have to clean it better than this for your mistress.  I bet
your ass has been fucked many times in the past.  Would you like your mistress
to fuck it later on?

Joan, afraid of more spanking, told her to please fuck her nasty and worthy ass. 
It was hers to use whenever she wanted.  She was her slut and whore but please
don't spank her anymore.  She gasped as Martha shoved her large finger deep
within her ass and started moving it in and out as far as it would go.

Wiggle that white ass of yours girl.  I want you to show me what an asshole you
are.  That's it.  Now up and down and begged me to fuck it.  When I'm done with
you, you'll want need a laxative in the future.

Joan was begging for the finger fuck and wiggling her ass up and down for her
mistress.  She had never been so humiliated in her life but knew she couldn't
take anymore slaps on her ass.  This lady was a real bitch and she knew she was
in deep trouble.  She hoped John was getting his too.  The asshole.

Martha finally withdrew her finger and reaching in front of Joan shoved it in
her mouth before she could protest.  A couple of more slaps on her ass and she
started sucking the finger in and out of her mouth like a baby with a bottle. 
Martha withdrew the finger and push Joan off her lap on the floor.

She got up and removed all her clothes in front of Joan who was staring in
horror at the large black lady.  She had the hairiest cunt she had seen and a
large belly with huge tits riding on it.  Her ass was probably twice as wide as
Joan who was praying that she wouldn't be seeing too much of.  Martha was
massaging her huge tits teasing the nipples in front of her.

Martha smiled down at Joan.  We're going back in the living room so I watch that
hubby of yours.  You better get behind me and put that ugly face of your in my
ass while I walk and if I don't feel it at anytime, you'll get an ass spank
you'll never forget.

Joan, tears in eyes crawled behind Martha and pushed her face in the large hairy
ass.  Martha wiggle her butt so that her nose was in her asshole and started a
slow walk towards the living room with Joan pushing her nose in and out as her
large ass cheeks slapped her face.  Good little doggie she said laughing as Joan
nose press deeper in her ass again.  I'll let you lick it later.

Jan had John crawling on the floor as she sat astride on his back slapping his
ass and telling him to oink louder.  Martha was amused at the sight of his red
ass and the piggy sounds he was trying to emmulate.  His face was totally red
and sweat was pouring off.  As Jan saw Martha arrive, she asked how she liked
her new present. 

Just great honey, if I knew she was such a horny little bitch long ago, I would
never had taken any shit off her and probably would have kick her ass raw. 
Martha strode on by them and went to the couch but instead of sitting down, bent
over the edge.  Time to lick ass bitch.  Get that tongue up there now. 

Joan was glad her red face was hidden between the huge globes as she started
licking around the large hairy asshole till Martha shifted her position so her
tongue was centering on her asshole.

Up the ass sugar or I find a large cock to shove up yours that you will never
get out.

Joan started working her tongue in and out of her asshole as it started
loosening up and going deeper in.  Martha was starting to growl with sexual
bliss as Joan heard her husband screaming and oinking at the same time nearby. 
After awhile, the asshole didn't taste so bad and she started to enjoy the
thought of rimming it.  Her rimming must have been pretty good as Martha turned
around and sat down on the couch.  She grabbed Joan by the hair and shoved her
face in her hairy bush.  Joan started lapping as a dog in heat working her way
through all the hair to her mistress cunt.  Her hand directed Joan face to the
part she wanted lick as Joan obeyed instantly.

Martha told John to come to her as Jan got off him.  His ass and balls were
totally red as he stood next to his ex-maid awaiting her command.  Grabbing his
cock in her and hand and squeezing it tight she ask him what his worthless wife
was good to which he replied she was a slut for her black mistress.    She
teased him by asking him how many times his worthless cock has been in the slut
ass and from now on it was her ass to use and her cock if she wanted it.  John
was offering his wife ass and his cock for her pleasure anytime as she continued
to squeeze harder and harder on it.  Liquid was dripping all over her hand.

You husband said your worthless ass is mine slut.  What do you say?

Yes, mistress.  My ass is yours and only yours, Joan replied, continued her
licking of the cunt in her face.

Jan, why don't you shove another of those lovely black cocks of yours up my new
white asshole down here.  Telling John to turn around, she started working the
cock in his ass in and out while Jan returned and bent behind Joan and shoved
another black dildo in her ass.  Joan murmurs could be heard in Martha crotch
but she continued her licking while her ass was jutting up from the onslaught of
the cock in back.  Jan was reaching her tits and tweaking her nipples one at a
time to urge her to do a better job.

I think it time for some entertainment, said Martha as Jan got up and sat on the
couch next to her mother.  We are to going to play a game she said pushing Joan
face away from her crotch.  Both of you get up and stand with your asses towards
us.

Joan and John quickly stood up in front of their mistress and presented them
their stuffed asses in full view.  Each mistress but their foot on the dildo in
their ass as Martha explained the rules.  You are to wiggle your fannies and
tell us how worthless your assholes are as we push you cocks in you butts.  You
better be good at it or we'll put some glue next time so you'll never get it
out.  Now start wiggling piggies.

Both John and Joan started wiggling their asses as their mistresses toyed with
the dildos.  They explained how their worthless white asses were good for
nothing but entertainment and punishment and begged to be abused.  Their
mistresses were laughing and demanding more as they continued with their
humiliation.  They begged for anything they could think of to put in their asses
for their mistress pleasure.  Their mistresses would push the cock deeper as
they talked and wiggle it more.

Joan was finally told to turn around and start humping her pussy on Martha foot
as a dog while she pulled and twisted her nipples begging to come.  John had to
get down and put his cock between Mistress Jan big toe while she masturbated it
and he begged for the same relief.  His nipples were twisted as he moaned for
mercy and begged to come.

Joan came on Martha foot and was told to clean it.  She bent down on and started
lapping her cum from her mistress feet as John came and was commanded to do the
same.  When their feet was clean, both slaves were commanded to stay that way as
they put their feet on their backs to use as a footrest for awhile.

Tomorrow I'll take the cunt to town with her credit card and get them some
flimsy maid outfits to wear at home.  I'll love to walk her around the mall with
a dildo shove in her ass and carrying my bags.  I hope we meet some of her
friends.  If we do, I make her flash her large stuff ass at them.  Maybe they'll
like to have theirs stuff too.

Great idea, Mom.  I carry the boy toy to the adult store to get some new toys. 
There's a woman there I know who would be delighted to try them on him.  Maybe
I'll get a discount.

The submissive couple was moaning underneath their feet.  They had dreamed of
this lifestyle, but never like this.  A foot was lifted off Joan back and put in
her mouth, as she started to suck on it with tears down her face.

Joan and John were allowed to sleep that night without much interruption other
than an ass lick or foot lick.  The next day, Martha woke Joan up and told her
to take a bath after her hands and feet were untied.  She was then told to put
on a tight dress she selected with high heels and her hair tie in back in a
ponytail.  When you was dressed, she made her bend over and inserted a dildo in
her asshole and told her that it slipped out during the day, she would have to
pick it up and clean it in her mouth before it was reinserted.  Therefore she
had better watch her ass all day.

They got in Joan car and drove to a mall where Joan normally shopped.  The pain
of sitting and breaking was hard, but Joan slowly adjusted to it.  She was
scared to death of who may see her but there was nothing she could do.  Her ass
now belonged to Martha and she could only accept whatever humiliation she dished
out and hope she would survive the next 6 months.  Afterwards, she could always
move to another town where no one knew her.

They got out of the car with Joan adjusting the dildo in her ass more securely
and started to walk through the hallways of the mall.  Every once in a while,
Martha would slap her ass with passerby's walking pass causing Joan to turn red
in humiliation but keep walking.  About halfway down the mall, Joan recognized
an older blond lady she knew and tried to detour to another hallway but Martha
intervene and pushed her forward.  The lady was divorce and a true bitch like
her.

Hi Joan said Kathy smiling.  Well Martha, I see you're back again.  If I were
Joan, I would have never have hired you back.  Joan why are you so red.  Are you
sick?

Martha laughed at Kathy staring at her friend Joan who was saying nothing and
trying to avoid eyesight with Kathy.  It was time to pay the bitch back in
public.

Kathy, Joan is my slave now, said Martha.  She obeys me and does anything I
want.  Right now she has a dildo up her ass that I inserted earlier.  Tell Kathy
about whom your ass belongs to Joan.

Kathy, my ass belongs to Mistress Martha, Joan said with tears in her eyes.  I
am her slut and whore.

Kathy was wide eyed but interested at the same time.  The women really didn't
get along well together other than being rich and showing off their wealth to
others.  Seeing her chance to humiliate Joan, Kathy turned to Martha.and asked
if she could see the dildo in her ass.  Martha told her she could and the ladies
proceeded to the women restroom with Martha slapping Joan ass covered dress and
Kathy walking behind smiling with gleam.  Inside they went to one of the large
handicap stalls and Martha made Joan raised her dress and bend over.  Grabbing
the dildo, she started pushing it in and out of Joan ass.

Kathy was delighted and wet watching her friend ass being fucked.  She really
wanted her to be humiliated more and asked if she could play with the dildo. 
She was surprised when Martha told her no.  Joan was her cunt for use and no one
else's.  If she wanted to play, she would have to be her slave like Joan and her
wimp husband.  Kathy was totally disgusted at the thought but at the same time
her panties were soaking wet from watching the action.  She would love nothing
better than to shove that cock so far up Joan ass she would never get it out. 
She also had a crush on her husband since high school and would love to see his
cock and ass.  But to be a slave to that fat maid Martha was a different matter
and she was black too.

(Joan Humiliation at the Mall)

Joan was told to lower her dress and Martha started to lead her out of the
stall.

Wait, said Kathy.  What would I have to do as slave?

Anything I want, said Martha, and your house and car would belong to me for the
6 months of training you will submit too.  When Kathy shook her head no, Martha
started back out.  She heard Kathy whisper yes and turned around.

I can't hear you slut.  Did you say yes?

Yes mistress said Kathy louder.

Martha smiling told Kathy to l your pants and panties off.  She then told Joan
get back in position in front of Kathy and ask her to please fuck her ass.

Joan got back in position as Kathy got her pants and panties off.  She asked
Kathy to please fuck her ass, as Kathy grabbed the dildo with both hands and
started pushing it in and out of Joan ass.  Meanwhile, Martha had picked up
Kathy panties and spreading her ass started inserting them in her asshole. 
Kathy didn't care as she was in heaven fucking the ass in front of her while
Joan moaning from the pain and begging her to be gentler.  Martha enjoying the
sight of two women she despised most fucking one another and started slapping
Kathy ass and telling her to fuck it harder.  Pretty soon, Kathy had let go of
the dildo and rubbing her pussy on it as her ass was red from the spanking.  She
was about to come on the dildo when Martha stopped the action and told both
women to get dress.  Joan had a hateful look for Kathy as she lowered her dress
and Kathy was slush red in the face.  She needed to come but knew Martha
wouldn't let her.  Martha slapped both women on the ass and told them to get
moving.  She noticed several people was noticing the wet stains on the women
crotches in front and enjoying it.  In one store, she used the women credit
cards to buy flimsy maid outfits that wold barely touch their asses and one for
John also.  She found several riding crops in another and fancy negligee for her
and Jan.  Several more stops and she had found just about everything she needed. 
Since she was hungry they stopped at a hot dog stand and she ordered hot dogs
for her and the ladies.  Joan was demanded to sit with her legs spread under the
table for all to see while Kathy was told to unbutton the top buttons of her
blouse so people could see most of her breasts.  The ladies also had to suck on
the hot dogs before she let them take a bite.  Men were making multiple trips so
they could watch and the ladies were disgusted at the sight and tried to ignore
it.  After the meal, she led the ladies back to the car pinching their asses in
front of others and told Joan to get in front and drive them home.  Kathy was
told to get in back with her.

Inside, she made Kathy pull her pants back down and get over her lap with head
and feet on the floorboard.  Goosing her ass a few times, she started raise her
hand and started slapping Kathy ass as hard as she did Joan the first night. 
Kathy was wailing and begging and trying to reach back to cover her ass with no
avail. 

Payback time, bitch, said Martha whacking her huge ass.  She couldn't wait to
show Jan the stray cat she had picked up today.

Meanwhile, Joan was smiling in front and trying to hit every bump she saw on the
road. 

(John Day at the Adult Toy)

John was awakened by Mistress Jan shortly after Martha and his wife had left to
go to the mall.  He was allowed to take a shower and then was dressed in his
wife silky lace panties she used to tease him with and a garter belt.  He was
allowed to cover it up with his shirts and pants before they got in the car and
headed for the store where Mistress Jan knew the attendant.  She had made
several purchases there in the past.

When they arrived, John was ushered in while Jan introduced him to Linda, a
young black lady.

Looks like you have a new little white toy to play with, said Linda.  What are
you shopping for today?

Oh, I thought I would buy a lot today, Jan replied, this little piggy is fairly
wealthy and is going to supply me with a lot of toys for awhile.  We want to try
your buttplugs first till we find a pair for his wife and him and then we'll try
the paddles and cuffs.  I don't know his asshole size, so we'll have to fit him
first with the smaller ones till we reach the proper size.  We'll just buy a few
for the wife also and I'll just guess.  If they're too big, she just has to get
use to them.

Linda went to the shelves and picked up 6 or 7 buttplugs and led Jan and John to
the film room after locking the door.  Inside John was demanded to drop his
pants, pull his lacy panties down, and bend over for his fitting.  Linda groped
his ass and spread them. 

Pretty big asshole to me, she said.  But most white boys are more assholes than
cocks anyway.  She picked up the first small one and with one quick push shoved
it in John ass while he gasped.  Too small, she said and picked up the next. 
The next one took two pushes before she got it in while John was groaning form
the assault.  Still too small, she said and reached for the third dildo.  This
time she had to push harder to get it in and John was begging for her to be
gentle.  Jan slapped his ass and told him to be quiet while they studies his
ass.   He gasped as the dildo was redrawn only for a moment as another larger
one was pushed with much more difficulty.  He was in tears from the force of the
cock but dared not move.

I think this one is just right, said Linda.  I would buy it and the next two
sizes, as his asshole will grow in size.  For his wife, I would get another
larger one also since she probably an ass slut to like most white women.  Now
lets try out the cuffs and paddles till we find the best ones for his fat ass.

John stayed bent over as Linda returned with the items and they cuffed his hands
behind his back and his feet together.  They then took turns trying out the
various paddles and whips on his ass till he was crying and begging.  Jan
couldn't make up her mind on which ones to buy so she told Linda she would take
them all and 4 pair of cuffs also.  Linda was quick to point out various pussy
and cock whackers that please Jan so she brought them also.  For her help, John
was commanded to please Linda while Jan looked around the store.  He was
commanded to get on his knees with his ass still plugged and tongue her ass till
she came.  It took about 15 minutes for her to get off and he had to repeat his
performance in her pussy, which was soaking wet by now.

Revenge is Sweet IX (John Day at the Adult Toy)

When Jan returned, she had found several more items such as blindfolds,
shockers, collars, and even some magazines of white slaves to black mistresses.  
She was delighted in the positions some of the slaves were in so they tried
several out with John to see if it was possible.  Several positions took a lot
of spanking before John got the to position they wanted.  Linda agreed that she
thought they were real after all looking at John swollen and red ass.

I think I can use some of this as advertisement, she said and got a camera from
the back and took several pictures of John in various positions.  She hung the
pictures by the door and returned.

Don't worry sugar, she said groping his ass.   If I find a black stud in need of
a white ass to screw, I'll give him your address and name.  John went red in the
face as the ladies were laughing at his situation.  I'll have to train him a
little better, said Jan and brought several more dildos in the store for face
fucking later.

John was commanded to put his clothes back on except his panties, which was
given to Linda so she could display with the pictures.  The ladies made small
talk till he was dressed which took longer than normal due to the size of the
plug in his ass and then Jan paid the bill with his credit card.

Looks like I can go on vacation for a week, said Linda returning the card.  Not
much left in the store till the next shipment.  Come back to see me little boy
and mommy will get a bottle to put in your mouth while you cry.

Laughing Linda led John outside back to the car.  It was quite an art to learn
to walk with the huge plug but he managed to get inside.  The ride was worse and
he would moaned each time he hit the brake.  To make matters worse, Jan was
shoving the heel of her shoe on his cock.  When they arrived home, Jan went
inside and told John to bring all of his nice toys in.  When he finally got all
arranged and went in, he was stunned to see his wife and her friend Kathy
standing there in flimsy maid outfits with their tits exposed and pussies
showing up underneath. 

Let's see the new slut toy, said Martha.  Strip boy.

John put down the packages and removed all his clothes.  He was totally red in
the face and humiliated having to bend over in front of Kathy while Martha
tested the dildo to see if it was tight enough.  Let's try out the other toys,
she said, as her and Jan grabbed the leases around Joan and Kathy and led them
over to the couch and over their knees.  Bring the plugs boy and let see if we
can fit these whores properly.

John brought over all the dildos and noticed Kathy and Joan ass was beet red as
his.  Joan ass plug was removed and Kathy panties were removed with a loud gasp.

Grabbing several of the middle size dildos the mistresses spread their asses and
started inserted the toys in and out testing them.  Of course, they were too
small and had to be replaced with larger ones while the older white ladies were
begging for mercy.

No way, said Martha.  When we get through with your asses you'll be able to take
a real man cock in them instead of your wimp boyfriend and husband.  John was
instructed to go in front of the ladies one at a time and whack their faces with
his cock as they yelled from the plugs.  When the mistress was satisfied, they
made the slaves parade around the room to test the fit while they got several
paddles to make their butts wiggle more.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





