BDSM Library - My New Black Neighbors




My New Black Neighbors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is curious about the new black neighbors who move in next door and decides to check them out.
My New Black Neighbor Fantasy I

I have been watching the new black neighbors move in for over a week now.  They
were a young black couple in their mid twenties with no kids.  Being a divorce
mother myself in my mid 40s with one child who was in his late teens now, I
didn't have must work to do around the house at night or weekends.  That Sat
morning, I decided when the husband drove off for weekend work that I would pay
the wife a visit and introduce myself.

The young black lady, later found out named Kat, opened the door.  I introduced
myself to her as Jan her neighbor from next door as she invited me in.  We went
to the kitchen where she offered me a cup of coffee.

People are not very friendly here are they, she said.  Or is it because we are
black in a rich white neighborhood.

It's a little of both, I replied sipping on the coffee.

I saw you peeping out the window the last few days watching us.  Are you curious
because we are black, she asked?

No, I replied lying gulping on the coffee.  I was just looking out and you seem
to be there.

Are you married, she asked?

No, I'm divorce and my son who lives with me is away on summer vacation with
friends.

Kat got up to refill her coffee cup as I watched her go to the sink in her robe
looking at her legs.  I had never been attracted to women before but she had
some of the most beautiful legs I had ever seen and I couldn't resist looking. 
When her cup was filled, she turned around and her robe parted in front giving
me a view of her pussy and boobs.  I almost choked from the coffee looking at
her pussy.

Did you like looking at a black woman pussy, she asked as she noticed my face
red from staring at it.

I'm sorry, I didn't mean to look, I lied again.

Yes, you did.  You were looking at my pussy and enjoying it wasn't you.

I hesitated with mixed feelings running in my head.  I didn't know what to say. 
Yes her pussy was turning me on.  I could feel the wetness between my legs as I
avoided looking at her.  I glanced and noticed she was still staring at me.

You want a closer look don't you she said smiling at me.

I don't know what came over me as I replied yes.

Good crawl under the table and lick my pussy, she said.  Do it now.

I've never eaten pussy, I said meekly but already knew I was going to anyway.

Get under the table and eat me out now bitch, she demanded her tone of voice
changing.  I don't have time for sluts who don't listen.

My New Black Neighbor Fantasy II

I got off the chair upon her voice and proceeded to crawl towards her hairy
pussy.  The sight was so beautiful and mine was dripping wet in my panties.  I
ran my tongue up and down and then started working her clit like my boyfriends
had did mine many times in the past.

That's good slut.  Keep it up while I have my coffee.  I had a white bitch like
you at the last place I lived for a slave when hubby was away to toy with.  Do
you want to be my new toy?

I glanced up while licking her pussy and replied yes.  Then I started working my
tongue deep inside.  I wanted bad to become her toy.  Her pussy tasted so good
as I reached between my legs and started rubbing my clit.  She could hear me
moan and glanced under.

Are you playing with your pussy without permission, she asked?  Get your hand
out of their now.  I will have to spank you for that later.  Continue licking my
pussy slut.

I kept my tongue going in and out her pussy as a dildo till she finally came on
my face.  My own pussy was badly in need.

Get up slut and undress.  I want to see what my new toy looks like.

I crawled out from under the tables and stumbling removed all my clothes in
front of her.  I was told to put my hands too my side for inspection as she
looked me over as a common whore.  Upon command, I spread my pussy for her and
put two fingers in it as she watched in amusement as I tried to cheat and move
the fingers while inside.

Turn around slut.  Now bend over and spread that white ass of yours.  Now put
those same fingers in your asshole slut.

I had difficulty keeping my ass spread and getting the fingers inside despite
being loose in the asshole already from my excitement earlier.  She was laughing
and told me to get myself off with the fingers in my asshole.

Despite the humiliation, I found myself getting exciting exposing my ass to a
stranger and having to poke it with my own fingers.  Pretty soon I found myself
having an orgasm without even touching my pussy.  My face was totally red in
embarrassment, as she demanded I turn around and face her.  I withdrew the
fingers from my asshole, as I stood naked and humiliated while she looked me
over.

It's time for your spanking for playing with your pussy, she said.  Go to the
top left drawer and bring me back the spatula.

I walked over and got the spatula, which she grabbed and preceded to put me over
her lap as if I was a young kid being punished.

From now on you do what I tell you when I tell you she said.  She brought the
spatula down hard on my ass as I yelled from the pain.  You are now my slave,
she said and delivered another blow to my ass as I yelled yes mam.  She
continued to humiliate me with names as she spanked my wiggling ass on her lap
till I was in tears and crying.

Are you going to be a good little slave now, she asked?

My New Black Neighbor Fantasy III

Yes mam.  I promise to be a good slave.

Good.  Get on the floor and lick my feet while I finish my cup of coffee.

I was bewitched with the thought of pleasing her as I got down on my hands and
knees and started worshipping her feet like a dog.  No boyfriend had ever got me
this excited before and my pussy was still needed relief.  It felt like hours
before she finally finished her coffee and made me get up and cleaned the cups.

Bring your ass to the living room when your done, she demanded walking out the
room.

I finished the dishes and returned to the living room to find her spread out on
her stomach on the couch watching a TV show.  I walked behind her and announced
that I had cleaned all the dishes.  I had a clear view of her beautiful ass as I
heard the words I was thinking myself.

Lick my ass whore while I watch this show.

I got on my knees beside the couch and starting tonguing her ass cheeks slowly
working my way to her crack.  I could see her asshole clearly now and started to
lick my way to it and then around the rim.  It excited me beyond anything I had
ever done and my pussy was dripping in excitement as I started working my tongue
deep in and out her asshole.  I could hear her moaning and wondered how much of
the show she was really watching.  I didn't really care.  Right now I had one
thought in mind and that was to get her off.  She finally rolled over and
gripping my hair pushed my face to her pussy, which I ate out till she had
another orgasm. 

Very good for your first time.  Now go home and don't come back till I call you.

I begged to stay but she demanded I leave.  When I went to get my clothes, she
said they were to remain here.  From now on I was to come over nude unless she
told me to wear something.

I ran out of the house totally naked to my own house.  When I was inside, I ran
upstairs and lay on the bed and played with my pussy till I had two orgasms.   I
couldn't wait to go back and kept glancing out the window hoping to see her. 
Nothing happened for the rest of the day as I waited impatience for a call or
sign but nothing came.  I finally drifted off in sleep

I was awakened early the next day by a phone ring.

Slut get your ass out of bed.

Yes mam, I replied excited that it was her again.  I had wet dreams all night
and needed her bad.

Remove all your clothes and go to your window.  You are to raise your window and
push you ass outside it.

I quickly disrobed and ran to the window.  Raising it I turned around and stuck
my big white ass outside and felt the breeze blowing against it.

If you have been a good little slave you are to wiggle that white ass at me and
beg me to let you come over and serve me today.

My New Black Neighbor Fantasy IV

I started wiggling my ass out the window at her and pleading to let me come over
and lick her pussy and ass.  I begged to be her whore and slut in any way she
wanted.   She demanded I pee outside the window, which I did with relief since I
had to go anyway.  I had no shame anymore just the thought of pleasing my
mistress.  When I was done, she told me to go out he back and crawl to back door
or her house.

I practically ran out the house but didn't think about crawling till I was in
her yard.  I then got on all fours and made my way to the back door.  I noticed
there was a dog flap at the bottom of it and it was being pushed out by
something.   When I got closer, I notice that someone had their ass pushed up
against the slap and their asshole was exposed right in front of my face.  I
knew it wasn't hers since I had seen hers up close yesterday but knew it was a
woman.

Eat ass, slut came the command of my mistress from inside the door.

I crawled forward and lifted the flap higher with my head starting rimming the
exposed asshole sticking through it.  I spent about 10 minutes licking and
tonguing it inside and out before I saw it shake and knew whoever it was had
come.  The ass finally disappeared and the door opened as I saw my mistress and
an elder black lady in her mid 40s standing there.  I tried to avoid their
stares in my humiliating position as Kat finally spoke.

This is mother.  You are to do anything she wants as well as me.  Is that
understood? 

Yes mam, I said as she told me to crawl in the kitchen area.

Mother hated white woman for a long time till I showed her what they were good
for.  Now she can't get enough of them.  Tell her how good her asshole-tasted
slut.

I turned to the elderly black lady.  Mam your ass is tasted so good to this
white cunt.

Good, she replied, I plan for you to get use to it.  Now bring your fanny over
here and get over my lap.  I'm going to spank that white ass of yours.

I crawled forward and got over her lap.  I knew she could feel the wetness from
between my legs as she teased my ass by cupping and pinching the cheeks before
she started spanking them.  Her slaps were not near as hard as her daughter but
you couldn't tell it from the way I was screaming.  Finally she figured I had
enough and told me to pour both of them a cup of coffee.  When I arrived back
they demanded I crawl under the table as they used me as their footstool while
they talked like a normal mother and daughter would.  I kept glancing up at
their pussies hoping she command would come to eat them out.  Finally, her
mother called me under to table to lick her pussy, as I eagerly obliged.  Kat
was shoving her big toe in my ass as I worked eagerly to get her off.  Two
mistresses were more than I bargained for and I was excited beyond belief.

When she came, she made me turn around and get Kat off while she played with my
ass with her foot.  My pussy was dripping all over the floor as I lapped and
lapped till Kat finally came.

My New Black Neighbor Fantasy V

Kat demanded that I crawl out from under the table and bend over it.  She picked
up a dildo and gave it to her mother who then shoved it roughly in my asshole. 

You are to clean up the kitchen and then dust the tables in the living room, she
demanded as her mother and her departed leaving me bent over on the table with
my ass stuffed.  I hastily got up and started cleaning rushing to get in the
living room for more humiliation.  When I arrived they were both talking and
ignore me for the most part as I wandered around dusting this and that. 
Finally, Kat mother got up and told her daughter that she was going to show her
all the inaccuracies in a white woman body.  She made me stand in the middle of
the room and grabbing my tits pointed out to her daughter how white women
couldn't grow normal tits as black women.  As she groped the nipples to show how
tiny they were I was becoming more and more excited with the feel and ignoring
the humiliation she was shelling out.  She then reached down and spread my pussy
showing Kat how horny white women was for black women or men being sure to pinch
it to have me moan for her and beg to serve her.  Probably the most humiliating
was when I had to bend over and spread my ass, which she explained that all
white women had loose assholes, and demonstrated by pushing the dildo in and out
with ease.  I was told to beg to shove it in deeper.

Kat was enjoying it for the most part and had masturbated herself to an orgasm
at my discomfort.  Afterwards she asked me did I play with my pussy when I got
home yesterday.  When I told her I did, she told me that I would be severely
punished and asked her mother if she wanted to go first.  Her mother was more
than eager, bending me over and slapping my ass till it was bright red and I was
pleading for mercy.  I promised not to play with it again without permission. 
Kat smiling told me to stand in the corner while she got what she needed to
finish my punishment.

She arrived back with an enema bag full of liquid as her mother and her removed
the plug from my ass and pushed the nozzle deep inside.  I could feel the liquid
flowing inside and was noticing the discomfort in my stomach.  When it was all
in, I felt like I was pregnant again.  I was then told me to go home to my room
and get on the cell phone and call her.  I was not allowed to go to the bathroom
without her permission.

Again, I pleaded to stay with no avail.  I proceeded to the house trying to keep
my ass muscles tight to prevent leakage.  I had to go bad.  Arriving upstairs in
the bedroom, I call my mistress who demanded that I open the window and present
my ass outside like earlier this morning.  I begged to be allowed to go to the
bathroom first but was refused.  Once I had got in position, I was told to
masturbate my pussy. I was horny as hell as I started rubbing fast.  It felt so
good.  When I came, I lost control of my bowels and let everything loose outside
the window.  I couldn't stop it.  The bad part was after I was done, I lost
control of my bladder at the same time.

Kat was laughing on the phone calling me a whore and slut and that they had
recorded everything today.  She told me her mother and her was coming over later
that night and I was to shower and clean the house and prepare snacks for them
when they arrived.

As I hung up the phone, I cried from the humiliation of what I had just done;
however, I knew that I couldn't turn back now.  I had found what I was always
searching for in a way I never knew.  Even through my life would totally be
forfeited; I found a warm feeling in my pussy.

My New Black Neighbor Fantasy VI

Slowly I made my way to the bathroom and showered.  Cleaning up the house, I
started to prepare snacks for my mistresses when they arrived.  I was already
getting wet with excitement again.  I did everything totally in the nude like my
mistresses would like.

Around 7 pm, the doorbell rang and I ran to it totally prepared for anything
except what I saw.  Both mistresses were there but two white ladies were present
also.  Both were nude as myself, the older was about my same age and the younger
around 20.  Kat mother had her hand behind the younger one and I could tell by
the look on her face, she must have had a finger or two in her ass.  They
proceeded past me as if I didn't exist and took a seat on the couch.  I was
commanded to bring them the snacks, so I departed and returned with the platter
of sandwiches bits I had prepared.

Both mistresses had the white women on their laps.  Kat had the older one
sitting on hers with two fingers up her asshole while her mother had the younger
one doing the same.  When I was noticed, I was demanded to get on my knees with
the platter and hold it there.

The white ladies then had to feed their mistresses while they had their tails
poked in the process.  I was wishing it was myself sitting that way, but I dared
not move and continued to watch.  Kat informed me that these two was her
mother's slaves. The older woman she had enslaved years ago and gave to her
mother while her daughter was enslaved by her mother herself.  She informed me
that I would get to know them both very soon since both was to live with me from
now on and their house would be sold.  They had decided the daughter would marry
my son.  They would enslaved him also and train him to take care of their sluts
when they were not in use by them.  He would be master of his new wife, her
mother and me.  He would of course serve them whenever they wanted but mainly
will be taught how to trained white sluts like us to serve.  I cringed at the
thought but also knew my son enough to know he would go along easily with it to
my disgrace.  I didn't have too much time to think about it as I was told to
change the sheets on the bed for the new slaves.  The slaves were demanded to
get on the floor and eat their mistress's pussies for their meal.  The
mistresses soon departed telling me to take the slaves up to my bedroom and
prepared them for bed.

Both women came up by the time the bed was prepared and the phone rang.  I
answer to hear my mistress on the line asking did I do what she had requested. 
I told her I had.  She then talked to the older woman who gave the phone back to
me.

The slaves are going to be rewarded for their good behavior this week.  You are
to go back to the window and push your fanny out like the bad slut you are and
watch what could be you if you are good.

Slowly I made my way back to the window and proceeded for the third time today
to push my ass outside.  The night air was cool and I could feel insects bussing
around back there so I had to wiggle it to keep them any from biting.  I watched
the older lady and daughter get in my bed in a 69 position and start licking
each other pussy.  It was such a turn-on to see it as my own was getting wet
again and I could feel insects being attracted to it by the smell.  I was dying
to get my face between those legs but maintained my position and trying to shake
the bugs off my ass.  I squeezed my thighs together to try to get some fiction
on my cunt

My New Black Neighbor VII

The ladies must have gone at it for twenty minutes when the phone ranged and the
mother gave it to me.  I was told my Kat to go to the bed and sleep opposite
from the ladies in between them.  I was to eat whatever was pointed at me till
they fell asleep.  More than eager, I leaped up and crawled between them as they
lay in a normal position and immediately started tonguing on that young pussy I
was fantasizing about with my ass out the window.  After I had eaten her to an
orgasm, I turned around and found the mother ass towards my face as I stuffed my
tongue deep inside it and started rimming it out.  I was a bitch in heat and
knew I wouldn't get much sleep tonight.

I was awakened early the next morning by a call from Kat.  My face was buried in
the girls butt as I crawled out of the bed and answered the phone.  I didn't get
much sleep last night and my head was pounding.

Did you have fun with your fellow sluts, Kat asked?

Yes mistress, I replied while yawning.

Good you are to wake the sluts up and tell them to get dress.  Mother wants to
take them shopping with her.  First however, you are to go to the window and
wave your white fanny at me to show me who it belongs to again.

I walked to the windows and wiggled my ass out it as she told me to proceed to
wake the sluts.  Both women got up and dressed in the clothes they wore last
night without saying anything to me and proceeded downstairs to await mistress
who I heard open the door.  I proceeded to take a shower and just walked in the
living room when the doorbell rang.  I knew it was Kat and since I was supposed
to be undressed anyway walked over and opened it wide.

I was shocked to see Mrs. Harper one of the richest ladies in the neighborhood
in her early 50s standing there staring at my nude body as I scampered around to
cover my body parts.

Linda, you should be totally ashamed of yourself.  I was walking my dog when I
saw you flashing your ass out the window on the street.  I've never seen
anything more disgusting in my life.  I came to tell you I am reporting you to
the neighborhood committee and will do my best to have you moved out.  You are a
slut girl.

I was wiggling in embarrassment as I heard Kat voice from behind her.

I don't think so.

And who are you, demanded Mrs. Harper in total disrespect for Kat.

I am the wife of your husband boss, she replied.  Your husband has been robbing
the company for years and Mike caught him at it a week ago.  In return for his
silence your husband had signed over your house, car and everything else her
owns to him.  You might say I even own the clothes you are wearing, she said
smiling.  By the way, Tim is gay and he told me he loved shoving his cock up
your husband ass and mouth.  Ever wonder why he was working weekends all the
time.

I stood there aghast at what I was hearing but no more than Mrs. Harper who I
knew bound to be peeing in her pants by now.

My New Black Neighbor Fantasy VIII

Kat went on.  Yes I own everything including your credit cards and bank account
now so you can do what I tell you or walk your ass straight out the neighborhood
with what you are wearing now.  I will destroy and everything you own or know. 
Now I knew why Kat made me flash my ass this morning.

There was silence for the longest time till Mrs. Harper whispered.  Both her and
me knew her ass was now Kat.

You are to be my slut toy my dear, said Kat.  Strip and hurry up.

I had no doubt she was going to run and was shocked when she started removing
all her clothes on my steps in front of us.  When she was naked I saw she had a
large ass with heavy breasts hanging in front.  Kat demanded that I go upstairs
and bring by a new tube of toothpaste and a toothbrush.  I didn't understand but
ran up and got one and came back to find Mrs. Harper bent over and her large ass
totally red in back.  She was sobbing and promising to be a good little slave as
my pussy started dripping at the sight.

Kat took the toothpaste tube from me and then got behind her.  Spreading her ass
she shoved the end of the tube in her asshole and started squeezing it out into
her bowels.  I was fighting the urge to finger my pussy as I watch.

Kat then turned and pick up the toothbrush.  Time to clean the teeth she laughed
and shoved the brush up her asshole.  When it was inserted she started rubbing
it in and out and twisting it as Mrs. Harper was moaning and groaning from the
brushing.  I reach down and started rubbing my pussy at the sight.  I couldn't
help it.

Slut you will be punished later, said Kat seeing me.  Now come here and brush
her teeth.  I needed no command as I quickly grabbed the brush and started
twisting and turning it in her asshole.  Oh, this felt so good.  She had always
thought she was better than the rest of us.

Finally Kat stop me and told me I was having too much fun.

She pointed to the flower bed in front of her house and pulling up Mrs. Harper
head she told her to get over there on her knees and pulled all the weeds out of
it.

I laughed as I saw her running over with the brush still inserted.  Getting on
her knees she bent over and started pulling weeds from the underbrush.  It was a
splendid sight as she would swat her ass to get insect off it everyone in a
while.  Better than a spanking, smiled Kat.  Slut come with me.  You have a
punishment due.

As she walked by Mrs. Harper she smiled and said aloud.  There goes the
neighborhood and kicked her ass.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





