BDSM Library - Dentist's Receptionist




Dentist's Receptionist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Josephine Brightwater, a successful young business woman has an appointment with Dr. Martin, a dentist with slightly unusual business practices. 
Dentist's Receptionist, by Satan_Klaus


MF, Md, FF, Fd, blackmail, ds, reluctant, humiliation, fetish, spanking, toys 




1. The girl at the front desk 

I'm humming to myself; there is not much else I can do. The day's paperwork is all done but 
I'm not allowed to leave my desk without permission. So there I am, a graduate from Harvard 
business school sitting at the reception desk of a small dental clinic, humming to myself. 

Humming to the rhythm of the vibrator that is logged deep inside me. 

The minute finger on the wall-clock is slowly moving towards the full hour, 8pm, salvation. 
The vibrator that has been tormenting me all day is picking up momentum. I feel the 
vibrations increase in intensity and frequency and finally my humming becomes a single 
drawn out moan of pleasure as I ride my office chair to the last orgasm of the workday. 




It's already 5 past 8 as I slowly rise from the chair, the now resting vibrator slowly slipping 
from my swollen nether lips. I rearrange my tight white open-crotch panties, matching to my 
tight white nurse's uniform that fails to cover more than absolutely necessary, and prepare to 
leave. One look in the mirror confirms my feeling; my long, auburn hair is in disarray and my 
face is flushed from constant arousal. Maybe I should stop by the washroom to fix my 
makeup and hair before I go. But first, the last blow job of the day:

I kneel down before the chair and part my lips, then slowly slide the thick shaft of the vibrator 
down my throat, tasting my own juices from a day of constant, tormenting arousal. The 
vibrator is part of my chair, it is the buzzer, it is the ring of the phone, it is the doorbell, it is 
the constant maddening buzz of arousal that accompanies me all day. Every function has a 
different vibration and I have come to love and hate them all. 

I finish cleaning up the most important part of my workspace and give it a little kiss on the 
obscenely realistic head. I have developed a love/hate relationship with the thing. In addition 
to the functions I have mentioned, there is an ever so slight buzz, waning and waxing all day, 
giving me arousal without relief. Sitting in the chair, caressing my breasts and twisting my 
nipples whenever I think the patients aren't looking I silently curse the devilish intruder for 
keeping me horny all day.
If I have been a good girl however, the doctor rewards me, and, with the push of a button, the 
low, tormenting, background vibration turns into a multitude of wonderful stimulations. On 
my clit, on my G-spot and deep inside my loins it lights the fire of the endless teasing it has 
done and I come again and again until I collapse on my desk satisfied, if only for the moment.


I leave for the bathroom to fix my makeup, better to be home late than to risk another 
spanking. The rules are very clear, all nurses and female staff must be of impeccable 
appearance at all times, even after hours. I rub my sore behind, contemplating on today's 
punishments. Sometimes I envy the nurses; they don't have to sit still for hours after a 
spanking. Then again, I wouldn't want to stand all day in the 4 inch platform heels that are 
part of the uniform. It took me weeks to learn how to walk in them and stairs are still a 
challenge. 

Yes it was not always like this and I have not been a dentist's receptionist forever. Come to 
think of it, it's just 4 months now! I still can't believe how quickly I have changed, how 
quickly I gave up my dreams, my dignity, my rights, my freedom.




Dentist's Receptionist, by Satan_Klaus


MF, Md, FF, Fd, blackmail, ds, reluctant, humiliation, fetish, spanking, toys 




2. The Treatment

I had just graduated from Harvard, with honours mind you, and was now on an internship in 
Boston for JP-Morgan. I was doing consulting work for a Japanese client and I was doing it so 
well that I was certain that I was going to land a job, either with Morgan or the Japanese. 

I was just leaving for a long day at JP-Morgan when I got a serious toothache. I bravely 
shouldered the pain for the day but I had to admit that I needed a dentist, fast. 

Being new to Boston I was not familiar with any doctor so I just picked the one who gave me 
an appointment that I could fit into my very full schedule. The dentist I choose happened to be 
a Dr. P. Martin. O how I regret that decision!  

At first, I was positively surprised, the suburban dental clinic was small but it looked very 
classy with a glass panel lobby and an expensive black leather couch in the waiting room. 

The nurse that picked me up from the waiting room was dressed in a tiny white uniform with 
a hemline so short that the top of her garters showed with every step. It would have looked 
ridiculous on most women but the nurse, Alice said her nametag, filled the little dress 
gracefully with her bulging breasts and perfect figure. Her well formed legs seemed to be 
made to wear 4 inch platform heels and, with her round butt cheeks swaying gracefully before 
me, she led me to the examination room. 

With my flowing, auburn hair, well trimmed body and pert C-cup breasts I have no reason to 
be self-conscious about my appearance, but when we met another nurse on the corridor, 
similarly dressed and similarly well endowed, I began to wonder. Inside the alabaster-white 
corridors of Dr. Martin's dental clinic, the standard of appearance one had to live up to 
seemed substantially higher than outside.




The doctor who greeted me in the examination room was younger than I had expected, maybe 
28-29, certainly too young to have his own dental clinic. I was quite irritated at that, I had 
expensive private health insurance and the girl on the phone had assured me that Dr. Martin 
would treat me personally. 

"I was assured that I would be treated by a seasoned professional, I had expected someone a 
little older. I have platinum health insurance and I demand to be treated by Dr. Martin 
himself!" The doctor tried to say something but I cut him off before he could even start. 
"Listen! Unless you are trying to tell me that Dr. Martin will be here to look after me shortly 
this is just a waste of my time. How dare they give me some first year resident! This is 
unbelievable!"

When I voiced my discontent at his apparent lack of professional experience, he looked at me 
with his eyes slightly crossed out, as if he was not pondering a reassuring answer but 
something else entirely. His eyes wandered across my body with a disconcerting intensity, 
drinking in my curves with a predatory smile forming on his lips.
I am used to staring, my body kind of demands it, but every man, or woman, has done so with 
adoration or grudging acknowledgement of my physical charms. This stare was something 
else entirely; he was assessing me, judging me.

When his attention finally returned to my face I was trembling, his piercing stare had drained 
all the confidence from me. 
He beamed a smile at me, a big, reassuring smile. 

"Oh there was no misunderstanding, I am Dr. Martin. Please Mrs Brightwater, have a seat!" 
He gestured at the leather exam chair. 

I complied; his stare followed by the exaggerated friendliness had left me speechless and 
shaken. My mouth was still agape when he moved over to examine me and a quick look was 
enough for him to diagnose my ailment.

"You have an affected tooth Mrs Brightwater, I'm afraid we have to drill." I didn't like his 
ironic tone and I certainly didn't like the emphasis he put on the word DRILL.

I had finally regained my composure and was prepared to jump out of the chair, take my bag 
and leave, when the unexpected happened. 


Alice, the nurse, walked in, strode in, really. Her uniform was revealing much more than it 
had before. Her coat was unbuttoned down to her belly, baring her well formed E-cup breasts, 
supported only by a white latex shelf bra. Her nametag was dangling from a ring through her 
right nipple.

I stared at her speechless for a minute, then I ran. Or tried to run, that is. Previously concealed 
metal loops had extended from the chair and my wrists had been secured to the armrests.

"I'm afraid the treatment will be slightly painful Mrs Brightwater."

I screamed and struggled against my bonds only to find that my ankles where secured in a 
similar fashion. The doctor stepped forwards and pulled a bundle of straps from under the 
headrest of the devilish examination chair. With a few practiced movements he closed the 
straps around my head and soon there was nothing left I could do but scream. 

"Now, open wide!" His voice was cheerful and friendly, as if he was treating me like a regular 
patient. The drill in his hand was not very reassuring and I quickly stopped screaming and 
clenched my mouth shut instead.

I couldn't turn my head, but from the corner of my eyes I could see the busty nurse hand him 
a dental spreader. He pushed the metal contraption past my lips and forced it between my 
clenched teeth. At the side of the spreader was a little wheel and with every turn of the wheel 
my mouth was forced open a little wider until my jaws where strained painfully and my 
mouth was easily accessible for whatever tortures he had planned for me. 

"I should be done in about 20 minutes. See to it that the papers are ready by then!" He handed 
my bag to the nurse and sent her out with a pat on her firm, round bottom. 

He began poking around in my mouth and, after a few minutes, I could hear him power up the 
drill. I was terrified! When he entered my mouth I steeled myself for the pain but there was 
only a slightly discomforting feeling on one of my molars. 

He drilled my affected tooth very professionally for a few minutes and I was wondering what 
he was up to. I was still secured to the chair, unable to move much more than a muscle and 
this eerie doctor was giving me a professional dental treatment. Finally he removed the drill 
from my mouth and placed it on a nearby tray. 

"There, we are through, all the way to the nerve." He paused for a few seconds, then looked 
around impatiently. 

The slutty nurse returned with a stack of paper that she placed on the table next to the exam 
chair. I could barely see her from the position my head was forced into, but beyond the 
bulging mountains of her breasts I could make out her face. It showed a wild mix of fearful 
anticipation and ... compassion. 

"All typed up, Sir." 

Dr. Martin briefly looked through the papers and, absentmindedly, began to fondle her pert 
breasts with his latex gloved hands. 
Suddenly he gripped her name tag and pulled, eliciting a painful scream from the frightened 
nurse. "You took your sweet little time, girl! You are in for a spanking, later." The chastised 
nurse lowered her head in shame and shuffled her feet in anticipation of the punishment, not 
daring to protest in a more outspoken manner.  

"Now, back to business!" He picked up the first of the papers on his stack. "Hmm, Josephine 
Brightwater, a pretentious name for a pretentious girl. And a masters degree in business, too. I 
think we will have to cut down your self-esteem a little." He began to unbutton my shirt, 
caressing my satin enclosed breasts. "Your tits are nice, definitely on the small side, but nice. 
I think I might have the perfect job for you, little career girl. You see, I need a girl who knows 
her way around numbers and who can hold her own on the phone. You learned that at 
Harvard, did you?"

He placed the rest of the papers along with a pen on a tray and rolled it next to my right 
armrest. Then he drew up a syringe with some anaesthetic.

"The American Independent Dentist's Association would recommend a local anaesthesia for 
the next part of your treatment. However, I'm afraid you can only have it once these papers 
are signed." He gave me a broad, reassuring smile. 

The dental spreader made discernable language impossible but I am sure he could make out 
the distinctive tone of a heartfelt "FUCK YOU!"  

"I'm sorry you feel this way, Josie. You don't mind me calling you Josie, do you?" 

I cursed him again at the uninvited shortening of my name, then prepared for the worst as he 
entered my mouth with a slim stainless-steel instrument.

Nothing could have prepared me for the pain I felt as he touched my bare nerve with the 
dental poker. For minutes, I screamed at the top of my lungs, jerking spasmodically in my 
bonds while he smiled down at me, gently moving the little instrument inside my hollow tooth. 

"Would you like to reconsider? If you sign them all there is a little reward waiting for you." 
I don't like needles, actually I am afraid of them, but at that moment I wanted nothing as 
much as the syringe that he dangled before my teary eyes.

The nurse secured my right elbow with a leather strap and released my wrist. I couldn't read 
the paper from my position but he was kind enough to tell me. 

"The first one would be your resignation from JP-Morgan, Josie." He placed the pen in my 
hand and moved it to the dotted line at the bottom of the sheet. 

With my hand still shaking from the torture he had put me through I signed the document. 

"I understand you are still a little uneasy from being treated without anaesthesia but that 
signature of yours does not even remotely look like the one on your credit card." He held up 
my gold Master Card to prove his point and took a fresh sheet from the nurse. "Now you can 
sign this one properly or should I proceed with the treatment?" He brought the dental poker 
into my limited view. "Your call!"

I signed the replacement and he nodded approvingly. The sheet went straight into an envelope, 
addressed for JP-Morgan. "Next up: Your employment contract as a dentist's receptionist at 
my humble clinic!" He gave me a friendly smile, and added: "At minimum wage!" 

He had the voice of a game show moderator handing out wonderful prizes to his stunned 
audience, while in fact he was handing out the utter destruction of my dreams. 

Health insurance waiver, account transfer, car sale documents, credit agreement, week-end 
and night shift bonus waiver, power of attorney, letter of agreement for breast surgery, I 
signed them all. 

"And finally, my favourite!" He took the pen from my hand and replaced it with the bottle of 
anaesthesia that he had used to fill the syringe. Bewildered I took it, unsure what to do with it. 
With a deft motion he took it from my hand again and placed it in a plastic bag. "Thank you 
for the fingerprints Josie!" He handed me the pen again. "My favourite: a written confession 
for the theft and sale of Novocaine!" 

When I failed to sign the document, he looked down at me with a disappointed look. "What's 
the matter Josie? If you don't sign that confession, how can I convince the police that you 
where dead broke due to your drug debts, sold your car and ruined your career and then 
turned to stealing and selling a controlled drug? Without that little document how can I 
prevent you from walking out of here and never come back to work as my receptionist?" He 
made a sad face.

It was bizarre; he could have hidden the key document amount the countless trivial documents 
he had made me sign and I would not have known. Instead he revealed all his devilish 
intentions to me. He wanted me to know that with this final signature I would be signing my 
life away. Of course, I refused. At first.

I saw nothing but bright pain, the pain was so intense that it had taken over all my senses. I 
saw pain, I heard pain, I even smelled pain but most of all I felt pain. Pain like I had never felt 
before and I never intend to feel again. It felt like a giant was crushing my teeth with a steel 
girder, when in fact he was just using that tiny dental poker, moving it only a fraction of a 
millimetre at a time.  

I opened my eyes and my senses slowly returned to me. The nurse was holding my hand, tears 
of compassion streaming down her face, ruining her perfect makeup and flowing over her 
bare breasts. 

I looked around, but the doctor was nowhere to be seen. I gave the nurse a questioning look. 
"You have been unconscious for a few minutes so he went to buy some drugs. He told me to 
have the paperwork finished when he returns." She placed the pen in my hand again. "Please 
sign it! It's no use fighting him." 

I looked up at her tear filled eyes, meeting the knowing look of someone who had endured the 
same torment as I had, and signed the confession. 




3. Letting go

Dr. Martin returned and looked over the paperwork that would change my life forever. Finally 
he smiled at me approvingly.

"That's a good girl! Now you will get your little reward." He gently caressed my cheeks, still 
wet from my tears and injected me with the syringe. The residual pain vanished as a merciful 
numbness spread in my jaw. "Here I have a second one for you." He injected me with a clear 
liquid. "It's marijuana, coke, heroine and speed." I looked at him with sheer terror in my eyes. 
"Don't worry; the dose is so small that you won't feel anything. However, it will show up on 
any drug test for a few months. Just in case you don't intend to honour the employment 
contract you just signed." 
 
He moved closer and took up his horrible dental poker again. My eyes were wide with 
disbelief and I began to sob to myself; I had done what he had asked me to do, signed 
everything I owned and everything I dreamed to be away. Wasn't that enough? Did he have to 
torture me further?

"Shush, girl! I'm not going to hurt you. You still have that hollow tooth that needs a filling 
and what kind of doctor would I be if I let a human suffer if I can help it?"

True to his word I didn't feel any pain as he proceeded filling my tooth. 

"Poor girl has been through a lot! Alice, why don't you make her feel better?" He pushed a 
button on the exam chair's console and I heard the suction pump spring to life. The nurse cut 
my bra with a pair of surgical scissors and placed a pair of suction tubes, usually used to drain 
away excess salvia, on my nipples. The feeling was intense as my nipples where pulled into 
the tubes, extending to be almost an inch in length. While the machine milked me, he reached 
for the console again and I felt my legs parting, as the footrest of the exam chair split in two 
until it resembled a gynaecologist's chair more than a dentist's. I saw Alice move between my 
legs until her pretty face vanished under my skirt. 

Numbed from the anaesthesia I barely felt the doctor treating my tooth. Instead I felt the 
rhythmic pumping of the suction tubes on my nipples and Alice's hot breath, only inches from 
my crotch. She licked across my thin panties, making the wet material cling to my most 
intimate flesh. I felt her cheeks brush against my inner thighs and her probing hands were 
sliding under my shirt, circling my belly button. Then, finally, she pushed my panties aside 
and I felt her warm tongue slowly circling my clit as she penetrated me with her fingers. 

I had kissed girls before, but I had never gone farther than that. I was not a lesbian! I wanted 
to protest at the Sapphic intimacy that was forced upon me but all I managed was a drawn out 
moan at this most gentle rape. 

I had been tortured, stripped of my possessions, my rights and my dignity; I had nothing left 
to lose. I had surrendered to the pain, signed over my entire life to this sadistic doctor and 
now I was surrendering to the gentle caress of Alice's experienced tongue. 

It was then that I decided to let go, letting myself fall backwards into the realm of pleasure 
and pain that is doctor Martins dental clinic.  


If you have feedback, suggestions or corrections please email me at satan_klaus22@yahoo.com

If you want to see more of my work come visit my yahoo group:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/newpaoffice/




4. Don't be late
 
I must have passed out on the examination chair after the doctor was done treating me. The 
pain, the pleasure, the drugs, it just had been too much. I woke up in the lobby, sleeping on 
the comfortable leather couch. 

I fled the dental clinic. I wanted to run, wanted to hide but there was no one pursuing me.

When I woke up in my bed the next morning, I wished that everything had just been a bad 
dream, but the toothache was gone and a quick look in mirror confirmed that I had a new 
inlay. In my wallet, I found a handwritten note. It said "Work starts 8.00 am, don't be late!" 
signed: "Alice". 

I didn't know what to expect, but my first day at work exceeded even my wildest 
imaginations. 

When I arrived at the dental clinic, the girl at the reception desk led me into a back room. She 
presented me with a short, white nurse's coat, tailored for my measurements and left. 

Obviously this strange and sadistic doctor really wanted me to work for him as a dentist's 
receptionist. 

I didn't know how to deal with the situation. You make a scenario for most of the horrible 
things that could happen to you. What you would do if you are robbed on the street or even 
raped. What will happen if you die. 
Not even in my most bizarre dreams have I thought of the possibility of being forced to work 
as a dentist's receptionist. 

The white nurse's coat was short and tight. The top of my stockings showed with every step 
and the top three buttonholes where sewn shut so I had to show a lot of cleavage. I felt slutty 
as I went out to face the man who had taken my life away. 

"You are late, Josie!" Dr. Martin didn't even look up from his paperwork as I entered. "I 
don't tolerate tardiness in my clinic! Being late on your first day is certainly not the best way 
to make a good impression of yourself." 

The nerve of that man! After torturing me into signing his ridiculous employment contract, he 
had given me my first reprimand without even affording me a glance!

"Alice, come up here! Our new receptionist has finally decided to show up."

He rolled back his office chair and, to my amazement, Alice's head popped up between his 
legs. Her face was flushed and her hair was a tangled mess, wet with sweat and maybe other 
bodily fluids that were not necessarily her own. 

"I understand you have already met Alice, my head nurse. She is very good at it, AND she is 
a great nurse, too." He smiled at his own pun and patted her head in the affectionate but 
condescending way that is usually reserved for a favoured pet. "She will show you the ropes, 
please follow her orders exactly!" 

I prepared to leave with the head nurse. "Oh! And Josie," he reached behind him and took a 
slender cane from what I had assumed to be an umbrella stand. "As I pointed out before, you 
are half an hour late! I don't know how your previous employer handled this kind of 
misbehaviour but I find that my girls need a firm hand from time to time." 

I was dumbstruck! He couldn't be serious, could he? 

I quickly learned just how serious he was as Alice led me to his desk and bent me over. I 
struggled, of course, but Alice turned out to be far stronger than me. With her holding my 
hands on the desk, the doctor moved around me and lifted my skirt. 

"Now, Josie, I will inform you just once that I expect my girls to accept their punishments 
gracefully. After all, you have brought this spanking onto yourself." I wanted to punch him 
right into his smiling face! I struggled and cursed, while he positioned himself behind me and 
pulled my panties down to my ankles. 

SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! The bite of the cane was horrible! I screamed as he dished out 
three of the best on my unblemished bottom. Objectively, the pain was nothing to what I had 
suffered the day before, but at that moment I could think of nothing but my flaming buttocks. 

I kicked and screamed, cursed and struggled as the doctor proceeded to paint my backside in 
all shades of red. The weals stung like a thousand hot needles piercing my skin and the more I 
struggled, the harder he spanked me. 

It took him about twenty strokes with the dreadful cane to tame me. I lay sprawled over his 
desk, sobbing to myself with my hair in disarray. Alice no longer had to hold me down, there 
was no fight left in me. In fact she had to prevent me from sliding down the desk as my feet 
had trouble steadying me. 

"Gracefully means, no struggling, no rubbing and no interfering, Josie. If you do any of those, 
I'm afraid I have to add five strokes to your punishment. Now you will receive one stroke for 
every minute you are late and I expect you to count them out loud." He tapped my sore 
bottom with the cane. "Ready?" 

SWISH! The cane hurt, but not as bad as the strokes I had received before. I managed a 
"One", hissed through clenched teeth. 

"When I said counting out loud, I meant loud! I'm afraid we have to redo this one. Oh, and it 
wouldn't hurt to follow every count with a nice 'Thank you, sir!'!"

SWISH! "One! Thank you, sir!" SWISH! "Two! Thank you, sir!" The blows came down on 
my bare behind and I counted them down. I even tried to make the "Thank you, sir!" sound 
sincere. I am a stubborn girl but even I can learn. The better I behaved, the lighter the strokes 
I received. Still, when the ordeal was finally over, I was crying like a little girl. 



If you have feedback, suggestions or corrections please email me at satan_klaus22@yahoo.com

If you want to see more of my work come visit my yahoo group:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/newpaoffice/




5. Examination room C


When I had finally recovered from the constant sobbing, Alice took me by the hand and 
showed me around. 

I'm not sure why I was not angry at Alice. After all, she had helped this horrible man spank 
me until I was unable to do anything but cry. Maybe because I knew that she and I shared the 
same predicament in a life of servitude to doctor Martin, maybe because she was the one who 
had dried my tears and fixed my makeup in the tiny bathroom next to Dr. Martin's office or 
maybe even back then I felt attracted to the beautiful head nurse. 

The clinic was a large single story building, typical of the suburbs where space doesn't really 
matter. The building was divided into two segments by three adjoining examination rooms 
that formed the core, flanked on the 'public' side by a waiting room, a large washroom, the 
spacious lobby, an X-ray room and Dr. Martin's front office. On the other side of the row of 
examination rooms there was an employee kitchen, the main office and an assortment of 
technical and storage rooms.  

"There are three examination rooms; A, B and C. You will find that the patient files are 
marked either A or B. A patients go into room A, which is just a regular examination room." 
We walked past the door labelled "A" in big white letters and stopped before B. "You already 
know examination room B. It's reserved for the doctor's 'special' patients." I hadn't noticed 
before, but the door was heavy and insulated with rubber foam, a sign of heavy 
soundproofing. No wonder that the doctor had let me scream all I wanted. 

We entered examination room B and Alice closed the heavy door behind us. We where 
engulfed by silence as all the buzz of a busy workday vanished. To my amazement, Alice 
began unbuttoning her nurse's coat until her bare breasts showed. She quickly attached her 
nametag to her nipple ring and straightened her dress like it was the most natural thing to do.   

I looked at her with bewilderment. "The building is divided into a private and a public 
section. You enter the private section through the back, or by passing through examination 
room B. Beyond this door we have to follow a stricter code of dress and behaviour. I will give 
you a copy of all the rules later so you can study them at home." 

It dawned on me that, among other things, the rules demanded leaving my breasts bare. For a 
minute I just stood there dumbstruck. "Your coat, Josie! Please unbutton it!" 

As I failed to react, she began to unbutton my coat, her fingers grazing over my nipples. 
Having another woman undress me was an entirely new experience for me and my cheeks 
flushed. I could not tell if it was from arousal or shame, I certainly felt both. 

"Your underwear is not to regulation, but don't worry; the doctor said you will be fitted with a 
complete set tomorrow. In the meantime you can run around in those." She snapped my bra 
down under my breasts in, what seemed to me, a gesture of disdain. 

As we stepped out into the private section of the clinic I looked down in amazement. Gazing 
up at me was my own reflection; the entire flooring was made of highly polished glazed tiles 
that acted like a mirror. Walking behind Alice I could easily see her white open crotch panties 
in the reflection. 

Running along the middle of the corridor was a metal track of indiscernible purpose. It 
branched off into every room and corridor we passed. 

To my embarrassment, I realized that my gaze was constantly drawn to the floor, where the 
reflection of Alice's muscular thighs moved invitingly under her short nurse's coat, ever so 
often giving me an unrestricted glance at her beautiful, shaved pussy. 

As we passed the backdoor it swung open and a nurse wheeled in a struggling young girl tied 
to a wheelchair. Her long blonde hair was a mess, wet with sweat and the salvia that was 
dripping from her ball-gagged mouth. The beautiful nurse gave us a nod and headed for 
examination room B with her unwilling patient in tow. 
I stopped in front of the slowly closing backdoor. I should have run from the clinic to escape 
the insane and sadistic doctor but strangely, I didn't. For one thing, I didn't doubt that he 
would make his threat of framing me for theft and drug dealing real. But there was more to it, 
I guess. The world I had entered was so bizarre and exotic. A perverse sense of curiosity 
compelled me to stay and see for myself what humiliations awaited me. All of my life my 
achievements have earned me respect and acknowledgement, but here I was a mere 
receptionist, not worthy of the doctors attention. The way Doctor Martin had reprimanded me 
without even affording me a look had left me with a deep feeling of humiliation and, hard as it 
was to admit, arousal. 
With a dull finality the door clicked shut before me. 

I hurried to catch up with Alice who had proceeded without me. An elegant white table with a 
dozen chairs furnished the meeting room. On the far wall, a door led to the kitchen and a pass-
through allowed for quick serving. 

I could hear a rhythmic jingling from below the table and soon a woman crawled out from 
under it, pushing before her a bucket of soap water. She wore the tattered remains of an 
expensive business suit, slashed strategically to reveal her statuesque figure. Her long bare 
legs vanished under the ragged remains of her radically shortened skirt, revealing a glimpse of 
white lace panties whenever she moved. The woman was mopping the floor with what 
seemed to be her suit jacket, scrubbing it hard across the glazed tiles. She stopped short of my 
feet, noting my presence for the first time. When she looked up at me in an expression of 
confusion and fear, I understood the purpose of the tracks that ran along the corridors; A thin 
steel chain linked her collar with a runner in the track. The chain gave her about 4 feet of 
slack, too short to stand upright but just long enough to reach into the corners with her rag. 

Alice reappeared from the kitchen with a glass in each hand and the chained woman fearfully 
returned to her duties.

"Who is she?" I pointed at the woman scrubbing at my feet. Alice put down the glasses on the 
table and roughly pulled the woman's head back by her hair to inspect the dog tag that was 
dangling from her collar. "Melanie Hart, executive city councillor for integration and 
women's issues." She let go of the pathetically whimpering girl. "Just a B patient. She has 
cleaning duty every Thursday." 

Without giving the woman any further attention, Alice handed me a shot glass. I grimaced as 
the strong drink burned its way down into my belly. 

"You looked so confused; I thought you might need it." 

I certainly did. After another shot, talking to the beautiful bare breasted nurse with a half-
naked slave scrubbing around my feet seemed only half as awkward as it did before, which 
was still a lot.  

When we left the kitchen and headed for the main office, I had recovered enough of my wits 
to ask my first question of the tour. 

"What about examination room C?" Alice face flushed visibly and I could tell that she was 
uneasy about the topic. "Sorry Josie, I'm not allowed to tell you. I'm afraid you will have to 
find out for yourself."

I guess I should have been terrified of something that could unsettle a woman who wore her 
nametag on a ring through her nipple, but strangely I was more curious than afraid. 



If you have feedback, suggestions or corrections please email me at satan_klaus22@yahoo.com

If you want to see more of my work come visit my yahoo group:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/newpaoffice/




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Satan_Klaus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





