BDSM Library - She Had It Coming ...




She Had It Coming ...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young opportunistic woman finds herself in ropes after becoming entangled with the husband of a wealthy, revengeful member of the community.Really, she had it coming. 
It was not right that she used her youth, her bleach blond hair and that coy
  little smile to lure him away from his wife. Now she was going to have to deal
  with Margie's wrath. 
The time had come and Margie was ready, she had made all of the arrangement
  and her friends were going to pull it off without the slightest hint that there
  was a woman seeking revenge behind the scene. 
On Friday, while Tina was on her lunch break, the men began to set the bait.
  Tina sat on the terrace of the Bistro with her co-workers as the two tall,
  smooth talking gentlemen, approached the table. Something in their manner put
  Tina and her girlfriends immediately at ease. 
'Hello girls, Friday's finally here. What a lovely afternoon. There's a party
  this evening at the Falls and we are inviting the most beautiful ladies in
  Tranton to come over for complimentary drinks,' Scott beamed a bright smile
  and the girls were instantly won over. 
My uncle said that all of the stuffy formality was beginning to bore him and
  asked that we go out in search of Tranton's finest. 
'Sure, what time?' crooned the eldest in the crowd, sitting next to Tina. 
'Party starts at 11, and bring your suits if you'd like to take a dip in the
  falls after dinner'. 
'You're on!' Tina jumped in, a little out of step with the timed casual exchange. 
They were hooked, Scott and Brandt chatted small talk for another few minutes
  and then moved on to another table to sit down for lunch. 
'I can't believe it, finally an invitation to the Falls!' Tina and her friends
  was elated, the exclusive club was host to Tranton's wealthiest residents and
  their guests. An invitation to play at the Falls was an aspiration that she
  had been eager to fulfill ever since moving to the area last fall. 
'She has no idea what is coming, but it will certainly fulfill her,' chuckled
  Brandt. 'I have everything ready, this will be a show to remember.' 
At 10:30, Margie took a long slow sip on her Vodka, she had waited long enough
  for this little tease to get out of town, the trouble with Marc's infidelity
  was far further reaching that simple mistrust. The estate needed to be settled
  and a scandal was the last thing Margie needed when so much was at stake. 
Tina and her girlfriends arrived at 11:05, each looking like a fresh plum,
  ready to be plucked from the branch. 
Scott was at gate, ready to ease the girls into the main corridor. This was
  going to be so easy. 
Drinks began flowing, each laced with just enough drug to keep the girls alert.
  Tina was in heaven, finally here she was, on the steps of the Falls grand hall,
  music, men, money, heaven. 
The girls were in their familiar cluster, chatting, swaying seductively to
  the beat of the music for only a few minutes before Scott signaled the the
  team to move in. Before anyone could object, each girl was off dancing with
  in a whirl of scent, sensation and thrill. Electronic chill was mesmerizing,
  the drugs gently setting the slow and easy pace for the evening. None of her
  girl friends noticed that Tina was lured through a door leading outside. 
Tina was overwhelmed with excitement, Scott had his arm around her waist and
  was leading her toward the stables. 
'I have to show you the falls before anyone else has a chance to', he hurried
  her down a path that seemed to be descending toward the river. 
'You're going to love this, I hear you are a big fan of being the first to
  experience all the wealth life has to offer.' 
Something in his tone changed, Tina sensed a sarcasm that she had not noticed
  before. 
'You have quite a reputation as a matter of fact, I hear that you go for the
  big guys every chance you get.' 
'Hey, you only live once', was Tina's retort, hoping that she was just misreading
  his boldness. 
'Well you're going to definitely eat those words tonight, we have a surprise
  in store for you that you'll remember for life.' At that Brandt suddenly seemed
  to appear out of nowhere and took a firm grip on Tina's forearm. 
'Hello beautiful, ready for a night you'll never forget?' 
The two picked up the pace, virtually carrying Tina toward the large dark
  building. She couldn't keep step with their pace and found herself in a quick
  trot to keep from being airborne. 
'Guys, what's up?' 
'You'll see soon enough, there is a big guy, one of the top dogs, thrilled
  to finally be able to make your acquaintance.' Scott tighten his grip on her
  waist and lifted her off of the ground. With a sudden twist, Tina was on the
  ground, face down, baffled. 
'Hon, have you ever tasted one of these?' from his back pocket, Brandt produced
  a red ball gag. With one hand tightly holding her hair, he pushed the ball
  into her mouth and pulled the leather strap around her head. 
'There we go, problem solved before it even had a chance to start'. 
Tina had the flavor of vanilla filling her mouth and lungs. What was going
  on? She turned her head to look up at the men only to suddenly feel a tug at
  her waist. Scott pulled her to her feet and started laughing, 'Girl, have you
  ever been hammered by a canine, he is so ready for you.' 
The men continued to lead Tina in the direction of the barn, this time her
  steps were attempting to halt the forward motion. 'Give it up girl, you have
  no chance of getting out of this one.' 
Brandt unlocked the heavy wooded door and switched on a light. The small entrance
  room was filled with tack and the sweet smell of horses. 'Come on, lets get
  her set up, this is going to be lovely.' 
Tina began to struggle, this wasn't really happening. Things were moving so
  fast that she could only push and kick, trying her best to get out of the grip
  of these two strong men. 'Look at that, she will give the boys quite a ride,
  don't you think?' 
The second room was a long corridor with stables on either side and hay stacked
  on a peculiar pile directly in front of the three. Timber beams on either side
  of the stack were tied with heavy ropes and leather bands. Tina's eyes widened
  as she surveyed the sight. 
'That's right hon, you get to take the biggest rods in the house and your
  going to love it I'm sure,' Scott moved faster now, pushing Tina down the corridor
  toward the stack. 
The two grabbed her and both began pulling her clothes off, flipping open
  pocket knives to cut the sides of her dress and undergarments. 
Tina continued to struggle against their strength, while Brant reached out
  and grabbed her right breast, 'Hold it there little lady, this is too delicious
  to leave alone' and with that he pulled her toward his open mouth and gripped
  her breast with his closing jaw. He sucked deeply three or four good sucks
  and then reached for the other breast, 'Equal treatment', and he pulled her
  in close. 
Scott stood behind Tina and gripped her with both hands. Her hips were perfect,
  but she was too small for him to have an angle on her. 
'Come on, lets get her up on the brace, we can get a better shot at her then.' 
The two men pushed Tina's now naked body onto the sharp hay and began strapping
  her to the leather grips. Brandt reached down and put his hand beneath Tina's
  chin, 'You are so going to love this, you little thief'. 
Two bails beneath Tina's shoulders raised her to an angle not quite kneeling,
  but elevated. The leather around her ankles was tight and she felt her legs
  being pulled apart, causing her belly to fall toward the hay stack. Scott secured
  a leather strap around her waist and tethered her to the adjacent beams. 
Then the men stood back and admired their work, 'Oh yeah, this is good. Let's
  take out the ball gag and see what she has to say.' 
Scott unbuckled the gag and let it fall from Tina's mouth. She coughed and
  spit, breathing hard in the awkward position. Before she could speak, Brandt
  pulled a bandana across her mouth and tied it roughly behind her head. 'There
  we go, no protest.' 
'Ok little lady, time to see how much you can sport. Scott, go get one of
  the horses from down in stall 17 or 18, they're both ready.' 
'Now the fun begins.' and with that Brant walked over to a nearby shelf and
  grabbed a jar of Vasoline. 'Oh yeah, Hon, you're going to need all the help
  you can get with these big guys' and he swiped a glob of the jelly into his
  hand. 'Hold on, this might be cold' and with a quick swipe he rubbed the goo
  into Tina's bottom. 
'Won't be cold for long'. Tina jerked forward, but the restraints held tight.
  Brandt reached into the jar for another handful, this time ramming his fingers
  into Tina's tight pussy. 'Hum, guess I'd better grease up your ass while I'm
  at it' and at that he pressed his thumb into her tight asshole, 
'Damn this girl's tight as they come. Juno is going to have a time trying
  to get inside that tight little hole.' 
Just then a commotion in the far end of the corridor broke out. Brandt ran
  down to help restrain Juno, an enormous bronze stallion a little over three
  years old. 
'Oh yeah, he's ready. Lets get him down there before he gets too excited.' 
From the loft, Margie peered down in glee, finally that little bitch was going
  to get what was coming to her. The girls at the party would soon be passing
  out and carried to comfy beds for the night. In the morning they would all
  be told the same story, that they danced late into the night and accepted invitations
  to stay over in the luxury accommodations. Tina would wake with them, only
  to have remembered another experience altogether. 
Tina strained against the ropes as the horse approached. Positioned now directly
  behind her, Juno snorted and stomped the dirt for his chance to mount her.
  Earlier in the day both he and Target has been readied for this night, now
  the excitement made him almost unmanageable. Scott shouted to Brandt to pull
  the platforms a little closer to the stack, in case Juno reared, 'Damn it man,
  hold him until I get this in place'. 
Margie reached into her pants and held onto herself, the thrill was too much,
  this girl who had nearly ruined her empire was about to be reamed repeatedly
  with an enormous cock, 
'OK, bring him up!' 
The horse raised his front legs onto the platforms that had been placed on
  either side of Tina's bound body. 
The height was perfect. 
Scott reached out and grabbed the stallion's thick rod and positioned if directly
  at Tina's cunt. 
'Do your stuff man! Give her that big cock right in her tight hole!' 
Juno lunged forward, planting his enormous rod deep into Tina's body on the
  first attempt. A muffled scream rose to the rafters. 
Margie let out a sigh. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  wouldnevertell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





