BDSM Library - The Sure Bet




The Sure Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl makes a bet in school that she can turn another girl mother and aunt into her slaves.  The bet has a nice reward.
The Sure Bet

It all started as a simple bet between me and my girlfriend Angie.  I was mad at
my mom Jamie and my Aunt Paula who live with us since dad died.  They were never
letting me go anywhere.  Angie made me a bet that she could turn my mom into her
sex slave and maybe my aunt.  Laughingly I asked what I would have to do if she
did.  The thought was very exciting.   She said if she turned mom into a slave
then I would have to be her slave too, if she lost she would be mine.  I had
always envied her in school and the thought of what I could do with her was
going wild in my mind.  Besides, there was no way with my righteous mother that
she would ever be a slave to a teen like her.  Sure bet I thought and agreed. 
Besides, she was a lesbian at heart and always trying to get in my pants.  Maybe
I'll stuff her face in there for good.

I didn't see Angie in school that week and mother was always going to work.  My
aunt was there earlier in the week and then made some excuse that she had to do
some work also in the city.  I was kind of worried about Angie not calling and
her phone was on voice only.  I figured that she must have gone out of town for
the week and not let me know.

One day, she called and told me to come over, she had something for me to see. 
Since mom and Aunt Paula weren't around, I walked the 5 blocks to her house as
she opened the door and told me to come inside.  She wanted me to get in the
closet and watch what was about to happen between the closet slabs.  I started
to protest but decided it would be interesting at least knowing her.  I watched
her leave the room and heard her return with several other footsteps.  I was
astonished when she returned with two leashes in hand leading mom and Aunt Paula
naked into the room.  Both of them were a little overweight and towered over
Angie but their asses jiggled as they walked to the center.

Get on the four sluts, Angie said.  To my surprise both mom and my aunt
immediately dropped to the floor with their heads on the carpet and asses high
in the air.  I had a perfect view of their assholes through the cheeks of their
plentiful buns.  I found my hand moving down my dress and lifting it up a little
started rubbing my clit at the sight.

I'm going to punish you sluts for being bad today, said Angie, reaching in a
drawer and bringing out a large black paddle.  Both women were wiggling their
asses as she stepped behind them.  Remember to count sluts, she said, and drew
back landing the paddle squarely on mom big ass.  Mom screamed one as the paddle
landed on my aunt ass as she repeated the number.  Angie was alternating on each
ass as the women counted and beg for no more.  My hand was rubbing furiously at
my pussy in excitement watching their asses turned crimson red.

Tell me whom your ass belong to slaves, Angie said, hitting each with the paddle
again.

My ass is yours mistress they both yelled at the some time.

Well since they are mine, spread them for me.

I watched as mother and Aunt Paula both spread their ass as wide as they good
and almost came.  I lowered my wet panties trying not to come in excitement. 
Angie meanwhile, had gone to the drawer again and returned with two dildos.  She
walked behind them and asked them where the dildos belong.  Both told her in
their ass as she squatted and slowly starting working the fake cock in each of
their spread asses as they moaned on the floor.  When it was inserted fully she
went and got a small whip with lots of strings and told them to crawl around on
the floor and bark like a dog.

I came watching my own mother and aunt crawling and barking while Angie was
following behind hitting their backs and asses with the whip.  The sight was
just too unbelievable but my pussy was flowing.  I knew the humiliation must
have been enormous for them as they crawl with a teenage girl whipping their
ass.

Angie was smiling as she stopped them and announced her ass needed kissing and
licking.  Both women started begging to kiss and lick it as she removed her
dress and lower her panties below her ass.  Mom and Aunt Paula tongues were
running up and down her ass cheeks and in her asshole.  She was enjoying calling
them names and telling which one to put their tongue in her ass next.  Each had
to beg to lick it.

As she turned around, I saw the large smile on her face as she grabbed mother by
the hair and pushed her face in her cunt, telling her if she didn't do a good
job she would take her outside and use a switch on her large tits.  Aunt Paula
was demanded to lick her tits at the same time.

I was just about to come again when the closet door opened immediately.  There I
was with my dress to my waist, panties to my knees, and two fingers buried in my
cunt.  Angie had turned the slaves around so they could see Angie mother's Pam
and me was standing there looking at me.

So this is the cunt daughter, Pam said.

Yes mom and she agreed to the bet.  She never knew her mother was already your
slave all along.

I was stunned standing with everyone looking at me and not even thinking of
removing my fingers from my cunt.  I had completely forgotten about the bet in
my excitement and was turning all shades of red.  Mother and Aunt Paula was as
red as myself I could see by their facial expressions.

Get your ass out of the closet slut, said Pam.  Angie said I could have you as a
slave for training properly. 

Slowly I remove my fingers from my pussy and proceeded shamefully out of the
closet.  Angie had a broad smile on her face as she gripped mother by the hair
and told her what a slut I was and how I had wanted them to be a slave to her. 
I could see the angry look on mother face and the surprised look on Aunt Paula
as Pam slapped my ass hard making me jump and demanded I remove my dress but
leave the panties down.

When I had the dress off, she grabbed my hair roughly pulling me towards the
couch with my hands deviously fighting to loosen her grip.  Once there, she sat
down and pulled me protesting over her lap.

Cunt, I want you to see how to punish a naughty girl since you obliviously don't
know how, she said to mother and then raising her hand slapped my ass hard.  I
scream as another landing on it and another.  My ass was wiggling in her lap as
tears were starting to flow despite my arousal state.  Pretty soon, I was
promising to be a good slave like I had noticed mother and my aunt do earlier. 
Finally, she quit and pushed me off her lap onto the cold floor as I yelp in
pain as my ass hit.

Slut Jamie, get your ass over here and put your daughter face in my cunt where
it belongs.  I stared in disbelief as mother ran over and grabbing my hair
forced me on my knees with my face inches from Pam cunt.

Since you like the thought of your mother being a slave maybe you should try it,
she said as she pushed my face in Pam cunt and told me to lick.  I never licked
a woman cunt before but I was excited with the thought at the moment and
starting licking while mother tugged my hair this way and that to guide me.

Put your finger in her ass to help her, Pam said, as I felt mother other hand
roam down between my ass cheeks and a finger started rubbing my asshole.  Soon
she was pushing it in as I continued my pace on Pam cunt.  Mother was jabbing it
in rapidly while telling me to lick her mistress and I was getting close to
coming again when Pam shook and I could taste her cum on my tongue.

She told mother to get the training dildo out of the drawer for her and to push
it in my ass as I continued licking.  As I felt it going in, I thought it was
going to rip my asshole forever before it popped in the opening and the pressure
was reduced.  It wasn't as bad as I had expected and somehow I was finding it
exciting and soon came again. 

She's a slut just like her mom, Pam said laughingly.  Coming with a plastic cock
in her ass just like her mother does.

Angie meanwhile had returned to the couch beside her mother and told her it was
her turn as she spread her legs rubbing her cunt for me to come lick.  I crawl
over and put my face in her pussy as I had done with Pam earlier.  She was
laughing at me telling me she knew she would have my ass someday and now it was
hers.   I continued to lick as I heard Aunt Paula being put over Pam lap and
being given a spanking like I had earlier.  Her screams were as loud as mine was
earlier.  Mother was told to stand up and start pushing the dildo in and out of
her ass while she watched.  Angie came on my face about the same time.  As Angie
let go of my hair, I looked over to see Aunt Paula red ass and feet kicking
fanatically while I glimpse at mother shoving the dildo up her ass in rapid
moment.  The sight was making me horny again.

Finally, Pam quit spanking Aunt Paula and told her to go stand in the corner
till she tells her she can move.  She told mother to bend over with her ass
towards us and then pointed at me.

Get over there and spank your mother ass till she comes.  It better be red
before then or you'll find yourself over my lap again. 

Quickly I got up and stepped behind mom and started slapping her ass while she
was pushing the dildo in and out.  I knew she was close to cumin so I was
spanking as fast as I could to get her ass red before she came.  She was jumping
up and down and screaming as the blows landed but came about the same time as I
thought her ass was red enough.  She was then told to proceed to a corner like
Aunt Paula.

I stood in the center of the room with my pussy flowing and hand red.  Angie
walked up to me and kissing me on the face cheek told me where she wanted my
face to be.  I dropped to my knees as she spread her ass and shoved my tongue
immediately in.  I was lapping as I heard Pam yell at mom and Aunt Paula to quit
wiggling in the corner.  Finally Angie came again with her ass bouncing up and
down on my face.  She turned around and pinched my cheek telling me good doggie
as I kneed on the floor in heat.

Pam said she was going to take me upstairs for awhile and asked Angie if she
could handle the two sluts in the meantime.  Angie laughed and said she had
plenty of uses for them as Pam turned me around and made me walk up the stairs
while she patted my ass with each step. 

Oh yes, she said, mommy going to enjoy your sweet ass sugar.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





