BDSM Library - Velma in Charge




Velma in Charge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Maid Velma takes charge of the Larson household.
Velma in Charge I

Velma had been the Larson's maid for over a year now.  The wife Ann, who was
nearly 40, had married Jim for his money as a local attorney and divorced him
within 6 months afterwards.  She laughed at how she had taken him for all he was
worth.  She was a real bitch who was enjoying the money he was paying her
afterwards and living in style.  Never worked a day in her life.  Her two kids
David and Sandy were just as bad.  Always been spoiled to the finer things in
life.

Since Jim's departure, Ann had been totally unreasonable.  Always finding faults
in her work and threatening to lay her off at any moment.  But Velma knew Ann
secret.  She had found her movies in the bedroom one day underneath the
mattress. It seemed Ann enjoyed watching movies of women being dominated by
other women.  Especially, black women whom she had many tapes on. 

The kids were still in school as Velma announced she was going home for the
evening and Ann had replied, thank god, as she walked out.  Velma, however, had
other plans for the evening as she crepe back in silently after about twenty
minutes.  She could hear noises coming from down the hall in Ann bedroom as she
slowly made her way down the hall.

She cracked the door open slightly.

Ann was totally nude on the bed with the remote in one hand and her hand buried
in her cunt with the other watching one on the movies.  She was groaning and
heaving as she started rubbing her pussy up and down.

Velma noticed the film on the TV was an elderly black lady beating a young white
lady ass over her lap and the girl was screaming in pain.  Velma knew she had
chosen the right moment and smiled as she let Ann get more and more aroused at
the scene before slamming the door open wide, hitting the wall with a bang.

Ann looked up in panic and grabbed her tits and cunt trying to cover herself.

What we have here, Velma yelled, enjoying watching someone getting their ass
spanked on TV.  You pervert.  I bet you wish that was you don't you bitch?

Ann was totally white in the face and stared up in panic.  Velma could see the
fear and lust at the same time in her eyes.  She knew she was close to cumming.

I didn't hear you bitch, Velma continued.  I think I'm going to have to beat
that big white ass of yours.  Lift that big butt of yours up in the air now
bitch,

Velma, I sure......... slap.

Ann had tried to speak but was stunned as Velma slapped her face hard.  She
immediately grabbed her cheek with her hands leaving her tits and cunt exposed
to the black maid.

Slap.

Another blow across her right tit as Ann yelled in pain.

I said get that white ass of yours in the air now, bitch, if you want any skin
left on it when I'm done, Velma yelled and slapped her face again as she had
reached down to grab her tit.  Lift that ass up now!

Ann on impulse lifted her legs up trying to bend them back over her head as
Velma quipped her ankles and pulled them as far over her head as they would go.

Now you are going to know whose boss, you whore, Velma yelled and started
slapping Ann ass hard with her palm.  I'm going to beat this big ass of yours
till you promised to lick my butt, she continued, raining her palm down on Ann
big and damp ass.

Ann was screaming with each slap and begging Velma to quit.   At the same time;
however, Velma could see the liquid squirt from her cunt with each slap and knew
she had guess right about the woman.  She slapped harder as the big globes
started turning pink.

I can't hear you bitch.  Beg to lick my ass, Velma yelled.

Please, ouch, please.  Ann screamed aloud.  I'll lick you, she yelled.

That's mistress to you bitch, Velma yelled bring her had across the ass cheeks
as hard as she could.

Owwwl...  Ann yelled.  Please mistress. I want to lick your ass.  Owwllll.

Velma release Ann legs as they dropped back down on the bed.  She picked up her
dress and lifted it over her head throwing it on the floor.  She noticed Ann had
reached down and was stroking her cunt on the bed staring up at her.

Get your hands off your cunt, bitch.  Velma yelled.  I'll tell you when you can
play with that nasty cunt of yours.

Velma stepped out of her shoes and unhooked her bra in back letting it drop to
the floor.  She quickly pulled her panties down exposing her hairy cunt and
large boobs to Ann startled face below.  She wasted no time crawling up on the
bed and straddling Ann body with her butt to the rear, proceeded to push her
butt down to the woman's face below till she felt her nose in her ass crack.

Now get busy bitch.  Do what you do best.  Lick ass.  Velma yelled back and sat
back down hard on her face.

She felt Ann tongue at the entrance of her asshole going around and around her
hole.

I can stay her all night, she yelled back.  Now get that tongue up in there.

She moaned in delight as she felt Ann tongue start working it's way inside  The
bitch was totally in her control now as she enjoyed the feel of it going in and
out her asshole.  She was going to make her and those kids of her pay dearly for
all the times they had scorned her.  She wiggled her butt slightly making sure
Ann had to find her asshole and start working in and out again.  Ann was trying
to rub her thighs together to get fiction on her cunt as Velma slapped her tits
with both hands demanding she spread her legs wide.  She smiled as she compiled
immediately and started pushing her tongue in and out her asshole faster.

Velma came surprised at herself for not even having to rub her cunt during the
process.  She let her continue fucking her asshole with her tongue for a moment
before climbing back off the bed and standing up.  She could see the lust and
desperation on Ann face to cum.

Get your ass off my bed and get on the floor now bitch, she yelled.  I want to
see you on all fours like the pig you are.

Ann slid off the bed and got down on her hands and knees.  Velma knew the bitch
was hers now as she stepped behind her and jab her foot hard between her butt
causing her to yelp and crawl forward.

Now pick up those dirty clothes of yours and carry them to the hamper, Velma
yelled.  You slut.

Ann started to get up as Velma kicked her ass hard in back.

On your hands and knees, bitch.  I want you to pick them up with your mouth like
the pig you are.  She kicked her ass hard again.  Get moving, she yelled down.

She smiled at the sight of Ann's red ass as she started crawling around the
floor finding the clothes she had thrown down earlier in her haste to see her
movie.  As she grabbed her blouse with her teeth, Velma gave her another kick in
the ass demanding she hurry.

Velma couldn't believe her luck.  Her former boss had licked her ass and here
she was kicking her big ass around the room while she crawled picking up clothes
items in her mouth.  She could see the wetness on her thighs as she crawled and
knew the woman had been a slut all the time she had been here.  She wasn't about
to let go the chance of a lifetime as she gave her another good kick between her
cheeks as she felt her toe plow almost up her asshole.

Hurry up cunt, she yelled.  My cunt needs that wagging tongue of yours in it.

She sat down on the side of the bed to rest watching Ann crawling favorably
around the floor picking up their panties and bras in her mouth.  Her face was
totally red as her ass as Velma reached downed and started rubbing her clit in
anticipation of shoving her face in it.  When the last item had been disposed of
properly, she demanded the white woman crawl to her and grabbing the back of her
head pushed her face deep in her bush.

Oh yeah bitch, she moaned as she felt the tonguing on her clit area.  Lick me
bitch or I'll have to put another shiner on that ass of yours.

The tonguing of her clit was in earnest now and then she felt the tongue working
it way inside and around her cunt.  She came quickly and hard, nearly cutting
Ann air supply off from pushing her face deep inside.  She roughly pushed her
back.

Stand up bitch and turn around.

Ann quickly got up and turned so her back was towards her.

Bend over and spread your ass so I can see what an asshole you really are, Velma
commanded.

As Ann spread her butt, Velma roughly shoved her finger up her asshole in one
quick push causing Ann to whine in despair but maintain her position.

Your ass now belongs to me bitch, Velma continued shoving the finger roughly
around inside her asshole.  You will do anything I say and when I say it.  Do
you understand bitch.

Yes mistress, Ann weakly reply, trying to loosen her asshole to accommodate the
intruder in her butt.

Velma stood up while maintaining her finger in the elderly white woman ass. 

Walk around slowly bitch and wiggle that big butt of yours like you do for the
young boys in the neighborhood.  Bet they would love to do this to your big
butt.

Ann tried to walk and wag her ass sexy as Velma maintained the finger in her
butt, jabbing it in and out.  The finger was driving her wild as her cunt was
dripping down the inside of her thighs to the floor below.

That's it honey.  Show her ass to your mistress, Velma laughed probing deeper in
her butt as it wagged one way or another.

Mom!

Velma and Ann turned around seeing David standing at the doorway wide eyed at
them.  Ann face turned 4 shades of red as Velma had her finger deep in her
asshole and griped so she couldn't move loose.  Velma could see the hard on in
the crotch of the 18 year old pants and knew he had enjoyed the view.

Me and your mother has reached a new agreement, Velma said smiling at the boy. 
From now on I'm in charge of this household and each of you will do whatever I
say.  Isn't that right bitch, Velma said, pushing her finger in and out Ann ass
in quick motion?

Yes mistress, Ann replied in a low tone, being torn with her humiliation and her
sexual awakening.

Now get those clothes off right now young man, Velma continued.  It's time you
learn who is boss here.

Velma watched in surprise as David quickly disrobed in front of them.  As his
panties dropped, his cock sprang our and was sticking straight out.  She could
tell he was enjoying these as much as she was.

Bitch, your son has a hard-on, Velma laughed.  Get on your knees and suck it so
it won't drip on my carpet.

Ann hesitated at the thought of sucking David cock but as she felt Velma jerk
her finger out her asshole roughly and slap her ass, she immediately walked over
and got down on her knees and opened her mouth for his harden member.

David was truly enjoying her mouth work as Velma walked over and stepped to his
rear.  She reached back and gave his ass a hard slap across the right cheek.

Owwllll.  He yelled pushing his cock deeper in Ann mouth.

Owwllll, Owwlll.  Velma was now slapping his ass all over as he was wiggling
this way or that trying to avoid the next slap and at the same time keep his
cock in Ann mouth.  Velma was relentless in slapping his ass to the point where
he was losing his hard on slowing.

What's wrong white boy.  Can't cum in a whore mouth.  I know what you need.

Velma reached between his cheeks and pushed a finger roughly up his asshole.

Ohhhh.  David signed, driving his cock in Ann mouth deep.

Why bitch Ann, Velma laughed.  We have a little gay white boy here who loves to
have his ass fucked.  Isn't that right weenie boy?

Nooooo.  Owlllll.

Velma had pushed as deep as she could and was now pumping his butt hole.

Nooo..  Ohhhh.  Yeesssss.

That's better weenie boy, Velma laughed.  Don't you cum unless I tell you or
I'll have to spank you again.

David was trying his best to hold off but between Ann mouth work and Velma
pumping finger, he couldn't take anymore and shot his load in Ann mouth to her
horror.

Bad little weenie boy, Velma laughed.  She withdrew her finger from his asshole
and reached up and grabbed his hair pulling him along to the bedside.  Sitting
down, she pulled him over her lap as he pleaded with her not to hit too hard.

Velma had took plenty shit off him for a year now and she wasn't showing any
mercy as she immediately began slapping his ass as hard and fast as she could. 
David was begging and wiggling wildly and pleading to do anything she wanted.

Velma finally ceased.

Do you want to be my little weenie slut like your mother, she asked?

Yes, yes.  Anything.  Please no more he begged.

Velma pushed him off her lap on the floor below as he wined in pain.

Come here slut and lick my cunt, she demanded.

David crawled forth and pushed his face in her hairy damp cunt and started
lapping.  Velma teased him calling him a good little slut and that he needed to
be ass fucked by a real man.  David never stopped fearing more punishment may be
in store.

Ann had watched the whole thing still sitting on her knees on the floor.  Her
pussy was dripping as she was so excited she felt like she was going to die if
she didn't get some relief.  Velma noticed after she climaxed.

Get behind my slut and loosen his asshole with your tongue, Velma commanded.  I
want that asshole so loose I can drive a bat up it, she demanded.

Ann got on all fours behind David and started rimming his asshole.   His cock
started swelling again as the tongue started working in and out.

Velma enjoyed his tonguing for a while longer before pushing his face from her
crotch.

Bitch, she yelled at Ann.  Go to the kitchen and bring me back two carrots. 
Hurry up.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





