BDSM Library - Calendar Girls




Calendar Girls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 12 models from a nude calendar find themselves kidnapped and being trained as sex slaves and pain sluts by a brutal master.
Introduction

This is my 1st attempt at a story for others so interesting to hear what people
think.  Have produced a number for my own entertainment and read a lot off this
web site so decided to try and contribute one myself.

The following story is a fantasy, and should not be taken seriously.  If you
have problems distinguishing between fantasy and reality then:
a) Stop reading now.
b) GET HELP!

It is a B&S storing involving forced enslavement and sexual and physical abuse
of women.  If that offends you, or you want something else then please look
elsewhere.  It is also male dom/ female sub so if that's not your line again
please look elsewhere.  While there are examples - or will be by the time it's
finished - of women abusing women that is one slave abusing another for the
benefit, in one way or another, of a male master.  Therefore this is only of
interest to those men who fantasise about such activities [guilty] or women who
fantasise about being used in that way.

The 19 women described in the story are all based on real life characters.  If
you come from the same country as me and share my interest in women you might
well recognise the people they are based upon.  Needless to say, while some
physical characteristics are taken from them their behaviour in the story is
totally the result of my [warped?] imagination and should not be considered to
be any suggest as to how they would behave in real life.

The entire story will be quite length and cover a large range of activity.  It
contains extreme acts of sex and violence including of multiple rape, repeated
beatings and torture.  You have been warned.  Again, if you may be offended or
reading such a story may be illegal in your community then go no further.




Chapter 1: Light and dark


	The low light goggles worked perfectly.  I could see the bitches lying
in a line through the bars of the cage.  They were spread-eagled on the cold
concrete.  The bar running the length of the line, a couple of feet above them
was also clear, although the hypodermics suspended below it, one loosely
embedded in each left breast, were less easily visible. 

	I turned by head and looked closely at Carol, standing just to my right. 
Although there was no colour the sight was almost as clear as day and beautify
as always.  I could see it's breast rise slowly as it breathed and could not
resist lifting up my hand to squash and twist her nipple briefly.  It gave a
gasp of surprize at my touch but was well trained enough to stay motionless,
giving out a brief ohh when I pinched it's nipple tightly for about 5 seconds. 
I thought briefly that I must use the goggles and room again some time in the
future to play as it gave such great opportunity for surprising slaves in the
dark.

	However I turned my mind back to the main task, the new slaves for
processing.  Looked briefly at them for a few seconds then I picked up the
switch and pressed the trigger.  Automatically each of the needles pressed
deeper into their breasts injecting an antidote to the sedative that had keep
them quiet the last couple of days since they had been collected.  After about
15 seconds there was a low hum as the pulleys lifted the bar and with it the
hypodermics, the needles smoothly slipping out of their breasts.

	One or two had possibly murmured slightly as the injections had occurred
but it took a couple of minutes before they started to awake.

	She was aware something was wrong but at first could not detect what. 
It was only when she arced her shoulders briefly to ease a strain that she
realised she was lying on something cold and very hard.  From this the
realisation followed quickly that other than something around her neck she was
also nude.  While not uncommon in her work, it was not something she was used to
when awakening, nor being unaware of where she was.    What really frightened
her was the realisation that she was blind.  Desperately her hand rose to her
face but with growing panic while she could feel it she could see nothing. Her
hand continued to move grasping the cold metal collar around her neck.

	She woke slowly from the nightmare then shuddered and gasped slightly as
she became aware that it was not a nightmare.  It was dark and she was cold and
naked and lying on something very hard.  'No!' her mind cried 'not again' as her
memories went back to that night she had been drugged and abused.  However, a
small pain in one breast was the only other discomfort, as opposed to before
when she had been so sore and brutalised.  A small cry of mixed terror and
relief escaped her.

	She had been waking slowly from her stupor and starting to wonder where
she was when she heard a small cry and frozen in panic.  The realisation she
could not see did not stop her thrashing her head from side to side for several
seconds as her fear deepened.  There was another sound, like a rustle, and the
fear that something was creeping up to her in the dark made her freeze in
terror.  She struggled to hold the scream rising in her throat, fearful that it
would draw whatever was out there to her.

	She had woken in concern and confusion.  Checking her eyes she realised
she was not blindfolded but uncertain whether she was blind in some way or
simply in the dark.  Hearing a sound to her left she turned and cautiously
reached out a hand across the hard concrete on which she lay.

	Something touched her side, jabbing not too hard into her ribcage and
she screamed and threw herself to the right, only to run into another object. 
This was definitely warm and living and she screamed again as she realised she
was surrounded and her terror deepened.

	There were more screams, gasps and shuffling.  A couple of blows brought
grunts of pain and then a nervous voice said.  "Please...  Who's there?"

	Calm started to settle and a couple of other voices called out.  She
started to think, that's Nicola's voice.

	I decided now was the best time to intervene, before the calm spread too
far and while the slaves were still nervous and uncertain.  One hand plucked the
goggles from my face and the other replaced them with heavy sunglasses.  As soon
as they were in place I learned forward and pressed the button to the side of my
seat.  The sudden glare of several strong searchlights, all pointed at the line
of bitches brought cries of pain and confusion from them as they rolled and
pulled arms up to try and cover their eyes.  Those who had feared themselves
blind realised now, possibly with a brief wave of relief, that it had just been
totally dark.  My trained bitches also cried out as their eyes, having struggled
to detect anything in the dark, were also assailed by the light.  Although,
since they were aware of what was coming and the lights were not directed at
them the effect was markedly less.  Simultaneously I had spoken one word into
the mike and the loudspeakers, also directed toward the line of bitches,
thundered out "SILENCE".

	I looked briefly at the slaves to either side of me.  They were
adjusting to the light, standing quietly and starting to reopen their eyes.  I
noticed Kathy had however raised one hand to shield its eyes and made a mental
note to punish it later for that indisclipline.

	The bitches on the floor were starting to overcome their initial shock
and a few were trying to look around through squinting eyes and outstretched
arms.  A couple of them spoke and I recognised one as January.  Pointing with
the pain probe I gave it a quick jab at level 1 and it cried out with shock and
pain.

	The pain probes handsets were simple in themselves, just sending a coded
signal in the direction pointed.  The clever bit was the nanotech probes that
had been implanted in each slave.  Little more than a thin strand of wire,
inserted up the nasal passage it had worked it's way into the bitches brain and
connected through to certain pain sensors.  Powered by energy from the bitches
own chemical processes, picked up by micro-clusters stretched along the strand
it served as both a receiver and generator of tiny electrical currents that
could cause intense agony to the target.  A simple code decided which bitch, or
collection of them, were selected, the pain level and their duration.    The
maximum level was 10, which could be lethal if maintained for any length of time
but to an untrained bitch even level 1 was uncomfortable.

	"What was that?"  June responded and I gave it a jab as well, prompting
another cry. 

	"What's going   Aggh!"   March also discovered disobeying orders could
be uncomfortable.

	"I said quiet!"  I said through the loudspeaker and selected a
broadband, which gave all 12 of them 3 seconds, although still on level 1.  This
brought a new clutch of screams and cries. 

	For a few seconds there was silence and I was going to speak again when
November interrupted "Please.  Who's there?  What's going Aggh!"  It's screams
were louder as I gave it a level 2 for 10 seconds. 

	Some of them were seeking to look around, although they couldn't see
anything behind the blaze of lights.  A couple were clutching each other, quite
possibly unaware who each other were but detecting another female sharing their
pain and fear.

	As November's 10 seconds ended and she collapsed with a quiet sob I said
"Now!  Are you sluts willing to listen or do you want to continue suffering?" 
My tone was harsh and the loudspeakers meant the words echoed around the
chamber.  Two or three of them clasped hands over ears to protect themselves
from the volume of the sound.

	I was about to continue when a voice rang out.  "Who the fuck are you? 
What "  May's outburst was cut short as I showed my growing impatience by
setting the pain wand for 5 minutes of level 4.  It collapsed to the floor,
rolling and screaming for a few seconds then lapsing into a sobbing heap.  I
could see this but the bitches, apart form possibly the ones either side of it
could just hear the sounds of its agony.

	"Now!  Anyone else want more pain?  Or are you going to fucking shut up
and listen for once?"  While phrased as a question it was a clear threat and
coupled with May's cries it cowered them for the moment.

	After a short pause July spoke nervously  "Please.  Your hurting her. 
Will you please stop what you're doing?"

	I let it complete the question then gave it 5 seconds at level 2, which
left it hugging its head in both hands crouched on the floor in agony in reply.

	"That bitch has earned a lot more for its outburst."  A brief pause. 
"Although I will let you mitigate its punishment later if you behave.  Now, if
you're finally ready to listen, you can find out what's going on."

	I paused for a few more seconds but apart from a few groans from May
they seemed to have finally learnt their lesson and waited silently.

	"The key point for you is that you forget what you were before.  That's
all history!  Now your property and should behave as such."

	This prompted a new spate of cries and comments and more use of the pain
wand to restore order and quiet.

	"I repeat your property and you're here to be trained!"

	It was September who took the bait. "Trained?" and squealed in pain at
the response before I continued.

	"Yes bitches.  Trained.  To get use to your new role."  I paused and
rather to my surprise they kept silent.  "Now you could do this the hard way. 
There will be a lot of pain and you will do and have done to you things you
would find humiliating and degrading."

	"But why?  Why are you  Ohh!" April interrupted and paid the price with
another flash of pain.

	"What's the easy way?" June asked, and managed to hold in any cry at the
jab with the pain wand that followed.  I had let it off lightly with only a
level 1 for a couple of seconds as I was hoping one of them would ask that. 

	With a grin, which of course they couldn't see I responded.  "That's the
hard way in that you will find it difficult.  But it's also the easy way." 
There was a pause and I could see a couple of them looking puzzled behind their
arms still trying to shield their eyes.  "That's what will happen if you obey
orders, promptly and completely."  I knew they would be unable to do that. 
There would be bound to be some rebellion, or simply inability to meet my
demands.  "The harder way is if you misbehave. And make no mistake.  I can be
very obliging to masochists.  If you ask for pain, by misbehaving, disobeying,
being lazy or refusing to perform you will find I can give you all the pain you
can imagine, and then some."

	The shock was clear on several faces.  August and December responded
1st, one calling me mad and the other that they would never be my slave.  Both
collapsed in agony as I set them up for a minute at level 2.  A couple of others
looked as if they would say something then thought again and stayed silent. 
Obviously wanting to speak but fearful of the consequences.

	I noticed February nervously raise it's left arm.  Could not resist a
grin at seeing it act like a schoolgirl but also that it was obviously trying to
find some way to ask something without incurring pain.  As such it was learning
and I decided to give it some slack.

	"February. If you have a question you may ask it.  As long as you're
respectful and don't waste my time."  I put in the last bit to make it nervous
and also cautious about what it said.  Also, was curious about whether that
would incite an angry response or it might try being humble. 

	"What makes you think we willn't be found."  She paused them, since I
kept silent, gained the courage to continue.  "By the sound of it there are
twelve of us here.  We must be missed and people will try and find us."  Another
short pause and she continued, gathering pace.  "We've all got family and
friends.  Someone will find us and then you will be  Aggh!"

	While she collapsed in pain for several seconds I replied.  "Do any of
you know how many bodies were found after Nine-Eleven?"

	The question obviously puzzled them and before any of them could respond
I continued.  "For several hundred no parts were found at all.  In a lot of
cases remains were so limited and damaged that no identification was possible."

	They continued to look puzzled.  "True that was after two fuel laden
aircraft hit the buildings.  However the Muslim fanatics who bombed your hotel
used 5 powerful bombs and there wasn't a lot left.  The fact that no trace was
found at all of a number of bodies wouldn't surprise anyone.  Especially since
we were able to plant a few remains to make up the numbers."

	This got a response.  January spoke up.  "Your no Muslim fundamentalist. 
What the hell's going on here."  While it collapsed in pain I continued.

	"It's correct.  No terrorists were involved.  But they're easy to blame
for an attack on a gathering of nude and topless models.  A little bit of
propaganda.  There will even be a number of groups who will claim
responsibility.  No one will look for corpses, especially not alive and a long
way from where they died."

	This hit them.  March said "I feel sick" and I only gave it 5 seconds at
level 1.  December was more thoughtful.  "You mean you organised an atrocity
just to kidnap us.  That's sick."

	I gave it twenty seconds at level 2.  "True if that was the case.  But
we did manage to get a lot of people out due to a faulty fire alarm.  Also you
weren't the only sluts taken.  We picked up several others at the same time. 
Possibly one day, if you survive your training, you will run into old
colleagues."

	"Survive our training!  You  Agggh!"  July now had a turn rolling on the
floor in agony.

	"Now!  Enough chatter.  You know now there'd going to be no one looking
for you.  So just accept your position and make the best of it."

	This prompted another wave of complains and my fingers were busy for
several seconds but once most of the bitches had suffered a session of level 2
pain they stayed silent.

	"Quiet!"  I ordered and gave a final set of level 3 pain to the last
couple of hard cases.  All of them were quiet now, most of them still sprawled
on the floor.

	I looked at my watch and said "May has another twenty seconds then you
have a decision to make.  I suggest you sit still so you're in a position to
make one."  This prompted a couple of startled looks but they were now all
hurting enough to avoid provoking me again.

	Looking at May I noticed a puddle on the floor in which it lay.  I could
not smell urine but suspected its bladder had given out while it was distracted
by the pain.  Reaching down I picked up a rag I had ready.  It was made up of a
couple of the knickers the bitches had arrived in, ripped into strips and tied
together.  Waste not, want not I thought.

	I waited and heard May give a brief murmur as the pain spell ended. 
Gave her a few seconds then said "Bitch!  Get up.  Or do you want some more?"  I
repeated. 

	This brought a gasp and them quick murmured pleas,  "No, No more,
please.  I'll do anything.  Just don't  Aaah!"

	"For a start keep quiet" I admonished it and the bitch shut up.

	"You fouled yourself didn't you?"  I said, sternly and fairly quietly,
despite the use of the loudspeakers. 

	"Ugh" she cried, possibly only now realising, then tried to continued
"I'm sorry, I did", then moaned again as I gave her another short blast.

	I tossed the rag, which made it jump were it landed on the bitch's
abdomen and said,  "Here, mop it up with this."

	It was obviously relieved, either because I had stopped punishing it for
the moment or to clear up the mess as it started rubbing itself down.

	"Don't forget the floor.  There's quite a puddle there."  I instructed
it.  Both to remind it of that and  embarrassed the slave.

	While it was doing this I made another point.  "Because your new I'm
being generous."  Before they could wonder what I meant I continued making my
point clear.  "May is having a rag to clear up the mess it made.  You will ALL"
emphasising the word " be responsible for any mess you make.  Whether piss,
shit, vomit, blood whatever."  A small pause.  "However the tools you will use
to clean up any such mess in future will be your tongue, and the container you
place it in will be your cocksucker!"

	This prompted another brief round of cries, initially of objections and
disgust, then of pain.  However relatively quickly they were silent again as
they were obviously learning the price of crossing me.

	I noticed May had largely finished her task and was gingerly holding the
stained and dripping rag, obviously wondering what to do with it.

	"As I said earlier May has earned a lot more punishment for its
outburst.  I am going to give it two hours at level 4, the same as it has
already experienced."

	"No please" the slave cried. "Anything but, then gasped as I gave it
another short jab and said "Quite bitch!"

	It however continued pleading, holding out its' arms in supplication in
my general direction and trying to squint towards me.  A couple of the other
bitches also looked like they would make comments.

	"All right.  Never let it be said I didn't pay attention to a slave's
prattle."  Despite the last word May finally fell silent with a look of relief,
which was however wiped off as I continued.  "Given May's continued disobedience
and determined pleas for further punishment I will increase the time to 2 hours
30 minutes."  There was a shocked silence then it started to open it's mouth
again but I cut in first.

	"If it insists the time and level of punishment can be increased
further."  It's mouth hung open as the two fears struggled, facing such pain or
risking more by objecting further.  One of the others hissed "Keep quiet fool!"
but I didn't notice which one.

	"Furthermore, as it can't keep quiet and I have other instruction to
pass to you other slaves it will be gagged to minimise the interruption."  It
winced at this then seemed to resign itself to its fate.

	September spoke "You said something about us being able to reduce..." 
It hesitated for a moment over the bitches name then continued, deciding not to
risk angering me further.  "Reduce May's punishment".

	"Were you given permission to speak slave?"  I snarled at it. I had
allowed it to get that far before interrupting.  It stopped nervously, shook its
head but said nothing.  "Well, were you?"  I pressed the point.

	It shook it's head and said a nervous "No" then shuddered and cried out
as I gave it a flash of level 2 for 10 seconds.  "Then shut up bitch!  Can't any
of you stupid sluts obey the simplest orders?"  Although phrased as a question
my anger was clear and none of them dared say anything.  A couple of them
visibly shook and most looked down at the floor nervously, their desperation to
see anything surpassed by their fear.

	As September picked itself up and shook its head to clear the pain I
continued.  "I did say that you would have a chance to rescue May from its folly
but first things first.  You will get the chance in a minute if you will behave
for a few seconds."  Despite my angry tone this seemed to reassure them
slightly, until I turned to May and continued.

	"Go on bitch, gag yourself."  It looked confused and tried to look
around.  The mouth opened slightly as if it was going to say something then
snapped shut as it decided not to. 

	"Open your cocksucker."  I said slowly in a pained and impatient tone. 
Nervously it opened its mouth.  "Put the gag in." 

	It waited a few seconds then said "Master, what gag?"  This in itself
was a breakthrough, the use of submissive language, although it was probably
deliberately trying to use it to minimise my anger.

	"The one in your hand you stupid cunt!"  I shouted at it, the sounds
echoing around the chamber.

	Its mouth opened wider in shock then it shook its head and said quietly
"No....  You can't mean.  That's disgust..Aaah!"  It collapsed to the floor for
a few more seconds. 

	"As you insist.  Three hours."  I said tonelessly.  "But I'm losing my
patience.  One more offence and its four hours at level five.  Do you really
feel up to that bitch?"

	It shook its head in despair then screwed its eyes close.  I knew at
that point, I had won that battle.  Its mouth opened and it raised the rag,
halted, lowered then raised again.  "Hurry up bitch, we don't have all day!" 
Finally it worked up the nerve and started pushing the rag into its mouth. 
Immediately it started to heave and the hands froze but after a short pause it
tucked some more in, grimacing at the taste.  "All of it."  I ordered and it
cautiously pushed the last few corners and hanging sections into its mouth.  The
cheeks were bulging and the throat working as if it was struggling not to throw
up.

	"Now that wasn't so bad was it bitch?  Your nice and quiet now aren't
you."  May hung its head.  "Will it teach you to behave better in future?"  I
asked and its head nodded slowly.  "Now wait quietly while the other slaves
decide whether they want you to be punished or not."

	There was a chorus of "Of course we don't", "please let her off" and
"Don't hurt her any more please?"  Generally in a pleading, rather than a
demanding frame.  A series of squawks and cries followed as I shut them up with
more pain.

	"Now, you will all vote, one at a tine as I call your name out.  Since
May doesn't have a say it will be a simple majority, provided none of you use a
veto."  I left that hanging for a moment but none of them took the bait. Their
finally learning I thought.

	"As you're still unfamiliar with your new names I will prompt each of
you in turn".  The 2 seconds of level 1 pain made clear what I meant.  "You will
each be given 10 seconds to say one of two words.  If anything else is said, any
bitch speaks out of turn or you do not vote in 10 seconds then a veto will be
considered used."  I paused again.  Several heads had dropped.  They knew they
would not like what was coming and also were getting worried about the mention
of a veto, suggesting that was something they would wish to avoid.

	"If you say May, you will be voting for it to get the full 3 hours.  If
you say collective you will be voting for all of you to undergo 30 minutes at
level 4."  There was a collective intake of breath as they heard that and
thought over the position I was placing them in.  "It would have been 20 minutes
but as you know, May was insistent it needed more punishment."  My light-hearted
tone as much as the words made several of them groan audibly. 

	"If any of you vetoes the count, by any means, the bitch responsible
will be selecting the 3rd option. That all 12 of you undergo 3 hours at level
5."  I decided to increased the level of punishment, to maximise the deterrent
against any of them trying to make a stand on principle.  Some hard case might
still try it but after I went through with my promise, the others would make its
existence hell, or at least assist me in that.  "By that I mean speaking out of
turn, not voting at all or saying anything other than one of the two permitted
words.  Do I make myself clear."  The last was said in a louder and definitely
threatening tone.  "Do I.  Let's see you bitches nod to show you understand."  I
watched them all nodding their heads, even the obviously horrified May who had
little doubt what would be the result of the vote.  I had them all cowered, at
least for the moment, and several were visibly crying.

	Preventing them getting any time to think or muster any resistance I
moved right to the vote, taking it in simple calendar order.  "January" I asked
and it jumped at the brief jab of pain.  It closed its eyes, bowed its head and
shook it a couple of times them said "May" in a very quiet voice. 

	"Speak up bitch.  We all need to hear what's said."

	"May" it said in a louder voice. The mouth opened again and for a moment
it was on the verge of rebellion and saying something else but fear won out and
its mouth closed again and it looked down.

	"February?"

I was not surprised that May's fears were proved correct.  Possibly it was odd
that 3 actually voted for collective pain but the other 8 votes went against it. 
I was keeping an eye on it from the middle of the vote and saw it's head drop
and tears start to roll down its cheeks.

	When the last vote was in I simply said "Will that's decided.  Simple
wasn't it?" and pressed the button, activating the pain sequence I had already
set and May collapsed to the floor, rolling briefly then freezing and huddling
into a foetal position. I had deliberately made all of them vote so that none of
them could claim to have stood aside.  Had thought that once the 6th vote for
May was in several others might decided they could safely vote collective but
only one of the votes for that option came after that point.  Either they were
all genuinely upset that May might have earned them all punishment or simply too
confused to think of that.

	I noticed the gag was largely effective.  Despite being in considerable
agony May's cries were largely muted.  Enough for them to hear and be aware of
what faced them without seriously interfering with conversation.

	Again I moved matters on quickly to keep them off balance.  "Now, all of
you, kneel down and we can give you the rest of the house rules and your
clothing."  A few heads rose at this last word but a couple of others gave me a
weary look, already cautious about taking what I said at face value.

	I got them to kneel in a rough line.  Spreading their legs wise,
exposing their cunts completely, took a few more pain jabs as did getting them
to fold their arms behind their backs.  All of them were willing to shut their
eyes, being unable to do otherwise in the glare of the lights directed at them.

	"Now, note this position.  Its number 3 in a list you will learn and you
better get use to it.  As you have realised it is very efficient in giving your
master, or any agent of his, easy visual and physical access to your bodies. 
You need to spread the knees a little wider to do it properly."  I gave a couple
of them brief jabs to prompt them all not to let their posture slip and get a
little further spreading of the thighs, simply to make them more embarrassed and
uncomfortable.

	"You will get taught other positions as necessary.  Furthermore other
owners may have their own nomenclature or other poses they will expect their
property to take on demand.  However this will do at the moment as its handy
while I explain details."

	"As I said you're now all slaves, owned by me."  I gave a brief pause to
see if any of them dare say anything, but possibly the occasional murmur
escaping from May's gag helped them decide to keep silent.  "I will be educating
you in your new status and training you to be good property.  This is for my own
benefit of course.  Apart from it being easily if you are properly domesticated
I have my reputation to think of."  This caused a couple of wrinkled brows as
they wondered what I meant but I elaborated.  "I run a business, supplying
trained slaves to discerning customers."  There were a couple of gasps at this. 
"My property goes at a good price, as it needs to given the investment I make in
it.  As such I will not risk selling shoddy goods and affecting my trade."

	"You can take that as a threat if you wish.  However the fact is you
will be trained to your new role, no matter what doubts you may have about your
suitability currently."  This joke brought a couple of glances in my direction,
possibly of barely restrained anger but they kept silent.  "As I have mentioned
before this will require a lot from you.  You will not think you can take the
pain, or obey the orders, but as your training progresses you will surprise
yourself."  A couple heads shook defiantly at this.

	"You will obey orders, promptly and completely, at all times. No matter
that they require pain or discomfort to you or another slave.  You will be
polite and respectful on the rare occasions you are given permission to speak."

	Both November and July attempted short and pithy interruptions at that
point.  Once they stopped screaming I gave all 11 of them 10 seconds at level 2
as a warning.  Then, as if nothing had happened I continued.

	"It will be painful but you have no alternative so make the best of your
new existence and you will save yourself, and far more importantly me, a lot of
hassle. 

	You may get the opportunity to serve other masters, either friends of
mine who may volunteer to help out in your training or potential business
clients who will be offered your services.  Unless they contradict a direct
order from me any orders from such people are to be take as if from me. That is
they will be obeyed fully, completely, immediately and with enthusiasm. 

	Furthermore I have a number of trained slaves already here.  They will
assist in your own training and each pair of you will be assigned to one of them
for that purpose.  As such they will have the ability to order you only
surpassed by another master.  They will also have copies of the pain wands you
have all felt and freedom to use them as required on disobedient bitches.  Also,
since they bear some responsibility for your training they will share in any
punishment you earn for inadequacy."  I paused and made sure the point was clear
to all 18 bitches present.  "This of course means that they have an incentive to
make sure you behave and will be able to punish you for any shortcomings.  On
top of any punishment you earn from me."  I could not resist a grin at both the
groans from the new slaves and the look of determination on my existing stock. 
I had already warned them about this and they knew me well enough to know I
would be very demanding.

	"We will now allocate the resources."  I said and rolled a dice. 
"January and February, your tutor will be Janine."  I looked briefly at the tall
blonde and she gave a small smile and looked over her responsibilities.

	A few more rolls allocated the other resources.  March and April went to
Kathy.  May, albeit the bitch was in no position to know it, and June went to
Sandra.  This earned a grimace from it as she knew some punishment would
probably be forthcoming for May's misbehaviour.  July and August went to Jane
and September and October to Carol.  This meant November and December were left
with Debbie.

"As you are aware, or should be" I added slyly "you are not allowed to speak
without express permission.  To modify an old adage, a slave slut should be felt
and not heard.  Only if you are asked a direct question and a yes/no answer is
not applicable will you be permitted to speak.  In that case you will say as
little as possible other than to answer the question directly, although you may
add a polite master or sir.  If a yes/no answer works then you will use your
neck rather than your cocksucker.  Do you understand?"  I looked up and a few,
understanding what I meant, nodded.  Others, confused did nothing or shook their
heads in confusion.  I spoke angrily  "You stupid idiots shaking your heads! 
What do you think you are using?"  This enlightened several of them but others
still looked confused.

	I shook my head myself at the quality of material I had to work with. 
Then gave a smile as I thought I would just have to beat the point into them.

	"Right, there will be other things to learn but that will be enough at
the moment.  Lets get you dressed and in your accommodation." I rolled the D12
again.  "October. Hands and knees and start crawling towards the light."  It
took a couple of jabs to get the bitch moving but eventually it was crawling
forward until it reached the bars.  Under instruction it then turned right and
moved along the bars to the central point, giving a good view of it's tits
swaying as it moved.  At this point the section of the bars leading to the entry
cage was lifted and it was ordered to move forward.  This took it into a short
section of cage about 2' high and wide and 4' long. 

Once in this the bars were lowered again behind it and I motioned my bitches
into action.  One knelt to attach shackles to its ankles, joined by about a foot
of chain.  Two others moved to attach the hood.  This covered its head in
leather apart from four sections.  Small slips gave access to the mouth and
nose.  On the top of the head a central slip kept the hood in place but two
broader holes meant that there was access to it's hair, which might prove useful
for providing handles to control it.

October was able to see a little more in the cage as it was beyond much of the
lights and jerked slightly as the hood was fitted.  It yelped as I brought the
crop down across its back and said sternly "Stay still bitch!"   It then kept
motionless as the equipment was fitted.  Carol then attached a leash to its
collar and the front bars were raised.  I spoke to Carol, "Take it to its
quarters and position it as directed."  It nodded and pulled on the leash,
saying "Come".  The bitch stumbled out of the cage, unused to moving in that
fashion but received another touch of the crop, this time across its' rear as it
left.  I rolled the dice for the next bitch.  The 9 was no good as Carol was
already busy so I rolled again.  "November" I said and started ordering that
forward.  This also enabled me to detach another bitch to accompany Carol in
case October tried to give trouble, motioning Sandra to follow, which it did
quietly.

It took the best part of 90 minutes to get all eleven bitches allocated hooded
and moved.  They were taken to their rooms.  Each had been chained to the wall,
hands spread either side of them and with the ankle shackles attached to a hook,
giving them limited freedom of movement.  All were reminded to behave, waiting
quietly until they were called upon.

This left only May huddled on the floor, still undergoing it's punishment, and
shaking occasionally in pain.

I took 30 minutes break then motioned Sandra over and took her to one of the
neighbouring play rooms.  It looked glum as I bound its arms and legs wide
apart, standing in a vertical position.  I made sure it's long hair was bound
behind it so it didn't interfere then picked up a plain, single strand leather
whip and said "Forty, count them."  It closed its eyes and nodded briefly and I
stretched the lash out, gave a couple of practice swings and then struck the 1st
blow.  As the lash hit its breasts, wrapping around its upper torso and stinging
its back as well it arced its body as much as the bounds allowed and moaned, the
agony escaping it's tightly clasped lips.  A couple of deep breaths followed
then it quickly said "One", shortly before the second stroke landed.

By the time I have finished the bitch was red from mid thigh to shoulders from
the blows.  It had managed to count up to 34, which meant only a total of 49 had
been landed.  Its previous experience meant that the pain had not driven it
unconscious and the serum meant that the wounds were already starting to knit. 
Even so when Debbie and Jane unchained it Janine collapsed to the floor and lay
there for about 10 minutes before it rose groaning to it's knees.  I looked down
at it and said "You will get to pay it back.  Just remember its not been
processed yet so you can't do too much."




Chap 2: Silence is Golden - the advantage of obeying orders.


	It was 5 hours after I had started May's punishment.  Two hours before
Carol and Sandra had entered the cage and blindfolded and shackled the bitch
while it was still groggy from the prolonged pain.  The foul smelling gag had
been removed from its mouth so it could apologise for its behaviour, which it
did eagerly, desperate to avoid further pain.  I had briefly run through the
lessons given to the others while it had been withering in agony and they had
then taken it to its cell and chained it alongside June.

The new bitches had had a peaceful time.  Blindfolded and chained to the wall
they had seen only one visit when their tutor slave have entered their cells and
used a felt pen to write on their left breasts.  Attempts to talk to it have
been given a reminder to be quiet accompanied by a slap of their other breast. 
The only exception was June, which had some idea of the passing time in that it
would have heard May's arrival and hence known that 3 hours had passed.

What they didn't know was that their master and his other slaves had been busy. 
Using software analysis of the video of their time in the cage their various
sins had been recorded and measured.  My slaves had the experience to decide
most points of punishment but referred to me in cases they were doubtful of.  As
a result each of the 12 bitches had been given a punishment level.  This was
what had been recorded on their breasts, although the master copy was held
elsewhere.

The cells were also covered by cameras, along with the activity inside them. 
Despite the warnings, reinforced when the tutor sluts had visited them, most of
the bitches had started talking.  Sometimes it was just a brief word to identify
each other and try and give comfort.  One case only saw a bitch, December,
refuse to respond to conversation from its cell partner.  In a couple of others,
May and February only replied briefly, telling their colleague to shut up. 
Elsewhere the others conversed fairly freely, including various vague ideas
about escape and threats to their owner.

I had expected this and was not too upset, less so than I expected the guilty
parties to be shortly.  The tutors were summoned and given instructions.  Two
parties of 3 were sent to each cell in turn.  Each bitch was gagged with a dildo
gag and had it's hands cuffed behind it then leased and led to another room. 
Here it was forced to kneel, knees spread as before, but as wide as they could
be, encouraged with a slap or two from a crop.  This was explained as position 2
on the list of poses they would have to learn. 

When all 12 were arranged, 4 each in 3 sides of a square I spoke.  "Well, I
didn't realise how eager you sluts were for more pain."  This brought muffled
complaints from the kneeling slaves, which were silenced by the tutors standing
behind them with relatively gentle taps of the crops promising more.

"What else can I presume?"  I asked.  "Are any of you deaf?"  I repeated the
question in a louder tone.  Several shook their heads in confusion.  I waited,
giving them all a chance to comment in the only way they could.  January and
April made attempts to rise to their feet, but were hit more vigorously by
Janine and Kathy respectively.

"QUIET!"  I shouted loudly.  "Kneel where you are and stay still!"  Order was
restored as the bitches frozen in fear.  " I think we can assume none of you are
deaf."  A pause, "So all of you heard your master tell you not to speak without
permission.  This was repeated by my slaves.   And yet most of you rabbit like
fishwives!  In direct defiance of my orders!  How eager for agony are you
pain-sluts?"

The fact they had obviously been caught out defying me meant most of them froze
in the sudden realisation that they were due for some serious pain.

I then took a little time to explain to them the purpose of the marking of their
breasts, before continuing.  "Of course this behaviour means those marks will
have to be increased.  However, it is so serious that something more dramatic is
called for."

I paused, then said "December, get to your feet."  It rose nervously, with a
little difficulty without the use of it's hands and under instruction stepped
forward and turned, walking blindly until it was by my side.  "Stop" I said and
reaching out with my left hand cupped it's left breast, squashed briefly and
gave it orders to kneel again.  It jumped a little, swung its head around
nervously as if it could see me then slowly lowered itself to its knees.  Under
instruction it spread it's legs again, allowing a full view of its cunt and I
bent to briefly fondle it, slipping the tips of two fingers between its lips for
a few seconds, prompting another shiver.  Then I rose and continued. 

"December behaved itself and did not speak.  Therefore it will escape further
punishment.  However it would be best for it to know what it escaped.  February
and May, rise, take two steps forwards then stand, legs spread as far as the
chain allows and wait." 

Both hesitated then May started to rise.  "Don't make me wait" I said sharply. 
Both moved hurriedly now and assumed the required position.

"Those two bitches spoke without permission."  Both tried to mumble through
their gags, in fear or complaint until I continued.  "Only to tell their cell
mate to be quite so they will get the least punishment.  At least unless they
keep trying to talk.  They can still earn some more pain if they insist on it." 
Both of them frozen and stopped trying to say anything else.

I motioned their tutors forward and they each grasped the shoulders of the other
bitches from behind.  I went over to a table and picked up a crop, them moved to
stand in front of February.  "For those bitches there will be 4 special
punishment blows, after which they will be ungagged.  If they are obedient
enough to apologise for their behaviour and thank me for punishing them then
that will be the end of it.  Apart from the extra 10 conventional punishment
points of course."  I finished off with this last point to make sure the bitches
knew there was no easy escape.

A gesture to Janine and it tightened its grip on the smaller blonde in front of
it.  My arm sweep back, then forward.  February's body arced and part of a
scream escaped from its gag as the crop pressed deep into both breasts.  It
sagged and would have fell backwards but for Janine's equally naked body behind
it holding it in place.  The second blow was even better, the crop impacting
with its right nipple and it jumped and jiggled delightfully as it tried to
escape the pain.  It shook its head is denial, probably pleading for mercy and
tried to turn its body away but Janine held it firmly.  The 3rd blow led to
another gabbled scream and it slumped forward, only for Janine to pull its'
torso back firmly for the 4th blow.  "Drop it" I said and Janine let go,
allowing February to fall to the floor, trying to sob as it desperately sought
to handle the pain.  "Position 17 bitch" I said and Janine stood, legs slightly
apart, folding its arms behind it.  I gave it one quick strike across its breast
and it fought back a scream.  It bent forward from the pain and gasped for a few
seconds then started to stand upright.  I raised an eyebrow questioningly and it
said "Thank you master."

May had heard some of what had gone on and was obviously petrified.  Still
hurting from its earlier punishment it was fearful of more, twitching nervously
and its head twisting from side to side.  There was the danger that the fear
might trigger a fight or flight reaction, which would mean I would have to
punish it much more.  While not a great problem in itself I didn't want to go
too far too quickly as it might ruin the bitch permanently, not physically but
psychologically.  "Be still bitch.  The sooner you behave the sooner it will be
over."  Another factor was that Sandra was behind it.  Unlike Janine, it did not
tower over its charge.  Furthermore it was still marked from its earlier
beating.  Although the cuts had healed it was criss-crossed by fading scars and
probably still sore and weakened.  As such it was not in as good a position to
restrain its charge as the earlier slut.  However I noticed how tightly it was
gripping May's shoulders, the fingers digging into its flesh.

The bitch stabilised slightly at my words and I struck the 1st blow. Its body
shook in reaction and its head jerked forward as it tried to bend in, protecting
its breast.  "Stand still" I ordered, slapping its head, which helped push the
head backwards.  I took the opportunity to strike the second blow and the
resultant groan escaped its gag.  It shook its head again a couple of times and
jerked again as I quickly hit again.  The bitch's body shuddered and it started
to slump.  "Hold it" I ordered and Sandra quickly moved to grasp May around the
waist, seeking to hold it up and leaning it back against Sandra to support its
weight.  My last blow therefore struck more from underneath its breasts making
them bounced wildly.  I nodded and Sandra relaxed its grip, allowing the slave
to slip to the floor.  I stepped back briefly to prevent it hitting me with an
arm as it fell.  I looked up and noticed Sandra had already folded its arms and
awaited it punishment blow, like the well trained slave it was.  I positioned
myself, took a deep breath and struck hard and its full breasts bounced
vigorously.  It gasped and gave a restrained but clear undulation of pain for
several seconds.  Its arms nearly came up to smooth its breasts before
discipline took over, it steadied and thanked me.

I went back to where February still lay on the floor, although more in control
of itself.  Bending over I grabbed its hair and said "Up!" assisting it with a
steady pull on a chunk of its scalp.  It gave another muffled cry but rose
unsteadily to its feet and stood, swaying quietly.  I asked - "Are you going to
behave now or do you want more?"  It shook its head, then nodded then stopped in
confusion, uncertain how any response would be taken given the ambiguity of the
question.  I helped it out by placing a hand on its breast, making it shudder in
fear but it dared do nothing else.  My hand brushed the bruised flesh making her
tremble in both fear and pain.  "Do you want to apologise and thank me for
correcting your behaviour."  The question gave it an out from further pain but
was phrased in such a way that it would have to both think and reply in an
humiliating way.  The latter would embarrass it the former getting it thinking
in a submissive manner.

After a pause it nodded nervously and I motioned to Janine.  It reached behind
February's neck and undid the gag, which slipped from its mouth, with obvious
relief to the bitch.  I gave it a couple of seconds to stretch its mouth and
ease some of the cramps and then asked "Well?"

It hesitated for several seconds then felt my hand starting to tighten on its
breast warningly.  There was a nervous gasp then it said quietly "Thank you." 

"What" I said warningly and my hand tightened a bit more.

It jerked nervously, stammered a bit and then said " Thank you master."

"For what?"

"For punishing me."  There was a pause and my hand tightened further.  It
continued with a tremor in its voice "For punishing me for my disobedience
master."  Another pause and it continued "I apologise for disobeying."

I relaxed the pressure on its breast and said "That's better.  You can save
yourself a lot of problems if you just start behaving."  My hand was still
caressing its breast, but gently now, although that was still enough to cause it
pain.  I instructed "Walk forward 5 places then assume position 2" and it
obeyed.  "Knees wider" I said and  it obediently spread them further apart.

The process with May was similar.  It was already in pain from the earlier
punishment while also the example set by February made it easier for May to
confirm.  As such it also apologised and thanks me and took up the position set
for it.

I turned back and said to Debbie "Take December back to its cell.  You can ungag
it after your tied it up."  December rose at a brief tug on its lease and was
led away, its body posture showing how glad it was to escape the room.

While they were away I called out October and March, having them take three
steps forward, which they did with obvious reluctance.

"Those slaves did not initiate illegal conversations but they freely engaged in
them.  For that they will pay a much higher price.  I award 12 special strikes
each and an extra 50 of the normal punishment points."  Both paled visibly,
despite their tans, and March started to shake.  "Because you're relatively
inexperienced yet I will be generous however.  I will not deliver more than 4
specials in any one session.  The rest of the punishment will be given over the
next couple of days with your normal payment sessions.  However, until this debt
is paid off you better make sure you behave, unless you really want trouble.  Do
you understand?"  I asked menacingly and both of them nodded almost eagerly.

The next hour was a busy time.  Punishment was issued to all the bitches, each
of them hearing what the following group received before being taken back to
their cells.  Those who had initiated conversations received 4 extra stroked but
the worst were July and August who had long discussed what they would like to do
to me for holding them prisoner.  July received 48 specials and August, which
had spoken 1st an extra 4, as well as both getting 300 ordinary points.  I had a
feeling they might be the most awkward pair as they had known each other quite a
while in their work and hence might have more experience of working together. 
However all were very sore and apologetic when they returned to their cells.

I finished off punishing the tutors, giving them one blow for each 4 their
trainees had been awarded.  Given that they had been processed with the serum
they were able to take much more punishment than untreated bitches so received
all their blows in one session.  By the end my arm was feeling tired, but not as
uncomfortable as Jane's tits, which almost glowed red.  It had had to be held in
place by Janine and Debbie for the last dozen or so blows.

The bitches were dismissed to their various roles.  A couple had the task of
checking the tapes and current viewing to check that the other bitches were
behaving now and I was not surprised that no unauthorised conversation was
occurring.  Jane prepared me some tea while Carol gave a good deep throat to
relieve some of the tension that had built up.

After eating I relaxed for a couple of hours, watching TV while cuddling Janine
and Debbie, with Kathy having the privilege of serving as my footrest.  Then
before turning in I sent them down to the other bitches.  Each was marked with
their additional punishments, a line drawn from the previous score and the new
total added beside it.  They were given the chance to use the toilet, which they
found was a bucket in their cell, then stored for the night in their cages. 
Those were metal cages, 4' long by 2' square, with wooden floors, to given some
comfort from the cold of the concrete floor.  Bitches were partially restricted
by their leashes being tied to one end of the cage and a chain connecting their
ankle shackles to the other end given a further reminder to be quiet and told to
rest as tomorrow would be a long day for them.

Once this was done I allowed the tutors to turn in to their own, more luxurious
cells.  The exceptions were Sandra who started the night shift, keeping watch on
the bitches and Janine, who was serving as my pleasure bitch for the night,
spending it on a rug at the side of my bed.  Given that the following day would
be long and strenuous for me I didn't use it, except once as a toilet during the
night.

I thought over the events of the day.  It was a challenge taking on twelve wild
bitches, even with the assistance of my domesticated ones.  I had never accepted
more than two at a time before.  But still, with a grin, I thought it was a
challenge I looked forward to.  There were advantages as well as disadvantages
in numbers.  Provided I could avoid any number of them combining to reinforce
each other's resistance a herd instinct could be used to some degree.  Once one
obeyed at any point, in terms of language, behaviour or whatever it was more
likely that others would conform.  Also they could be played off against each
other, both for my entertainment and to keep them divided and disorientated. 

Although it was my standard technique that was another reason for keeping them
blindfolded and denied permission to speak.  That would increase their
isolation, made more frustrating in that they knew another slave was so close
but that neither dare speak.  No doubt most if not all would break the ban
again.  Apart from the feeling of isolation humans were too social creatures to
easily accept silence.  However that would lead to more and harsher punishment
and after a second or third time most would start coming into line. 
Furthermore, from this point on they would find that simply staying silent would
not be enough to escape punishment. 

They would have an unhappy night.  Cold, naked and chained, hurting and fearful
about what was to come.  Although there had been only fleeting sexual contact so
far the language I had used, their previous occupations and their nudity made
clear that they would have to expect sexual use and many of them would have the
night to worry over that.  Also the level of pain several were suffering would
be far more than they had experienced before and I had made clear I would
inflict much more if I found it necessary.

Tomorrow would be a big day but over the next few days I would start to mould
them to their new roles.  This would identify which ones would be most awkward
and the fact others had started to conform to my desires would weak the resolve
of all of them.  I had some fun ideas on how so many could be used in various
ways to speed up their training.  Despite my desire I managed to turn over and
go to sleep.




Chap 3:-  First steps


	I was woken as usual by the night bitch giving me my morning blow job
but before it got very far I pushed it away.  It was a difficult decision but
with what I had planned for today I would need everything I had to get through
it successfully.  As the only human to use the serum and being in good health I
thought I would do it but it would be quite a challenge.

While I ate breakfast I resolved my plans and also got details from Carol who
had finished the last shift watching the new recruits.  Most of them had spent
the night getting what rest they could.  Only 3 had attempted conversation,
February, March and October and only September had responded.  That did however
give me 6 bitches to question later on.

I had decided to work through all the dozen today, getting them familiar with
the 1st part of their training routine.  In following days I could add other
duties while also my tutors would perform some of the tasks but today I thought
it important that they know I was in charge.

While I washed, dressed and unwound with some morning exercises the tutors got
their own breakfasts then went to visit their charges.  I was able to see much
of this via the closed circuit TV and check on their performance.  All was quite
adequate and pretty much standard.  Although none had done this role before I
had made clear what I wanted and they were suitably trained.

On arriving at the cells they gave the bitches a few short blasts from the pain
wands.  Queries as to why were answered with more pain until the inquisitive
bitches suffered, properly, in silence.  They were then informed that their
tutors had a responsibility for their training and would and already had paid a
price in pain themselves for the bitch's shortcomings.  It was made clear that
they were already angry at this and that further pain would be paid back in
spades, resulting in much silent nodding in agreement from the caged bitches.

They were then asked if any wanted water.  Since none had drunk since they had
been woken nearly 24 hours before all were thirsty and eagerly nodded their
desire.  Each was allowed out of its cage, to wait silently on all fours until a
dish was placed in front of them.  Only a couple resisted for a few minutes the
order to verbally thank their master for the drink before being allowed to lap
it up.  A couple of slaps with a strap reinforced the command that they were not
permitted to use their hands.  This delayed matters considerably as licking like
cats were not something they were designed for or used to and no doubt
frustrated them.  However, as well as being entertaining it reinforced their
helplessness.    A brief toilet break was allowed then all the bitches were
returned to their cages and told to wait quietly until required.  Boredom and
helplessness would play a large part in undermining them today as they would be
forced to realise they could do little or nothing.

In future things would be done systematically to enable planning of the bitches
time and get them doing other parts of their training but I had decided that the
order of play today would be random.  As such I picked blindly from a set of
balls in a bowl.  It was number 3 so I ordered Kathy to bring March to the
selected training room.  I was able to watch it on the TV, appearing at the
cell, opening March's cage door and ordering it out.  Bringing it to knees and
cuffing hands behind it.  The bitch was then ordered to its feet and a leash
attached.  A final warning to behave or else, accompanied with another quick jab
from the wand and it was marched out.  I watched carefully April, left alone and
totally ignored to see how it would react but it just lay there quietly.

The cells were all in a corridor leading directly to the training room I was in
so it took only seconds for Kathy to arrive with it's charge.  It led the bitch
to a table, stopping it with it's thighs pressed against the side then knelt to
secure it's ankles to two links attached to the tables base, about 3' apart. 
This left the bitch even more helpless, unable to move to any degree and aware
of how wide it's legs were spread, both reducing its stability and exposing its
cunt.

Like all of them March was quite an attractive bitch, fairly statuesque and full
bodied without being over heavy in the breast department.  It's legs were long
and firm and a well shaped arse now protruded as it sort to balance its
position.  The hood hide its face but I knew the eyes were as brown as the hair
which escaped from the top slips in the mask.

After a couple of minutes silence, during which it grew more and more nervous I
spoke.  "Well bitch, now it's time to start paying back your debts."  It's head
turned towards me, although it could not of course see me, and those firm
breasts heaved as it took a deep breath.

"As I have told you already all you sluts have earned a sizeable number of
punishment marks".  I approached and cupped its left breast, caressing it as I
read the number written there.  "Over 300, you have a way to go.  However now's
your chance to start paying it off."  I quietly fondled its breast and plucked
fairly gently at its nipple, which despite its position started to harden.  Just
as it was breathing a little heavier I spotted and removed my hand.

"Each day you will be given 30 strokes.  Possibly later more but that's all you
sluts are ready for at the moment.  This will be subtracted from your score and
if you behave yourself that will eventually go to nothing.  Understand?"  It
nodded its head once but before it got too excited by the option I gave it the
bad news.  "Of course the total can go up as well as down."  Given what I had
planned it probably would go up for quite a while.  "For each act of
disobedience you will be punished, both directly and in punishment points which
will go onto your score."

"But" it started and I interrupted.  "For instance speaking without permission
will cost you an extra 10."  This shut it up quickly and I continued.  "There
are other points.  Each day there will be a 5 point interest charge, so to
speak.  Also, each time your tit gets too congested and has to be cleaned and
the score restarted there will be a 5 point charge.  So it pays double to avoid
making too many errors."

I backed off and motioned Kathy forward to demonstrate the point.  It put a line
through the total on March's tit and wrote in the new score, 10 higher than
before. 

"Another point is that of course slaves should be well behaved and obedient when
being punished.  As such there will be a 5 point penalty if you cry out while
being punished."  A short pause and I turned the knife again.  "And then there
are the specials, your still due some more of them aren't you?"  The last was
phrased as a question although I know its subject would depress March's moral
further.  After it failed to respond in a couple of seconds.  "I asked a
question bitch!"  My tone was stern and my left hand reached around to grasp its
right breast, gripping it more firmly than I had earlier handled the other one. 
It gasped in pain and then quickly nodded vigorously.  I gave the breast another
firm squeeze then let go.  "Another 8 so 4 more today."  It nodded reluctantly. 
"You may speak to ask for them bitch."

It hesitated for a few seconds, then gulped and quickly said "Please master,
punish me."  "What was that bitch.  You rambled so quickly I didn't catch what
you said."  It repeated the words, louder and more steadily, with a definite
quiver in its voice.

"Before that, is there anything else you should say?"  I asked.  This surprised
it and it hesitated.  A couple of times it opened its mouth and I saw its tongue
flicker out nervously.  It was uncertain what to say or whether to say anything. 
A further pause and it decided it was best to say nothing and shook its head
nervously.  "Are you sure?"  I asked.  It paused, thought again and considered
speaking but again decided discretion was the safer option.

"You would of course recognise it as your duty to report any disobedience by a
bitch wouldn't you?"  At this point it realised what I was aiming at and licked
its lips nervously then said "Master..  Last night I spoke with"

The slap to its face stopped it, more by surprise than pain as it was quite
light and the hood would have moderated the blow.  "Too late slut.  You would
still have been punished if you had reported your sin but your penalty would
have been less.  As it is, for a 2nd offence so soon after the 1st I must take a
harder line."  I paused in thought but noticed its mouth open again.  I waited
but it had the sense to say no more.

"You will get another 12 specials and 50 normal.  Will that teach you to obey
orders?"  I saw its head sway in reaction then, when it did not respond further
I said.   "That was a question!"  Its head jerked in sudden fear and the mouth
opened as if to speak.  It gained control then nodded numbly.

"Right, prepare for the next four to your tits."  I said and Kathy in response
moved behind it to grasp its shoulders and grip it firmly to prevent movement. 
I walked slowly over to the rank holding the equipment and took my time
selecting a crop and carefully gave it a couple of practice swings.  Allowing
the tension and the slave's fear to increase I moved quietly back to the table
then swung suddenly.  It might have got a brief warning from Kathy tightening
its grip but a loud cry exploded from its lips as the crop dug deeply into its
breasts, deforming the flesh by the weight of the blow.  It tried swinging
backwards, partly from the impulse of the blow partly to escape the direction of
pain but Kathy held it firmly, preventing any major movement.  The bitch, bound,
held, unable to see and undoubtedly in agony was only able to wait for the next
blow.  I did not keep it waiting long and its breasts throbbed again while the
left one was caught directly across the nipple.  This time Kathy was forced back
a step by the withering of the slut in its anguish.  It took a few seconds to
steady itself and moved forward again, gripping its target more tightly.  March
was still withering slightly so the 3rd blow hit more across the top of its
breast but still brought another scream although its voice seemed to be fading
somewhat.  I took my time with the final blow and managed to catch both nipples
in the same swing bringing a hoarse cry from the bitch.  Kathy let it go with a
small push and the bitch wavered for several seconds then finally fell forward
with a despairing cry.  This was cut short as it landed on its already tortured
boobs with an audible thud, bringing a strangled sob from its throat.  It lay
there for several seconds sobbing and moaning, its bound arms threshing behind
it, which only worsened its discomfort.  I gave it a few seconds then slapped
its arm firmly to attract its attention and said "Shut up and lie still."  It
moaned a bit more but quieten down to a low mutter.

Kathy knew what was coming and had already assumed the position, arms folded
behind it and eyes closed.  I waited for its magnificent breasts to rise with an
intake of breath and swung, the crop embedding itself deep into her orbs.  It
gave a guttural cry, only partially keeping things under control and stepped
back a bit.  The breasts heaved as it breathed in, a red line already cutting
across them, and it stepped back into position.  I moved slightly and struck
again.  This time an upwards swing bounced the breasts upwards and they wobbled
for several seconds while a long moan of pain erupted from its throat.  I
noticed a tear coming down its cheek as it sought to control the pain then
another sob as I hit the final blow.  It staggered again before stepping back,
obviously forgetting it had taken all 3 blows.  After a couple of seconds it
seemed to realised there were no more and opened its eyes, saying in relief
"Thanks you Master."

I gave it a few more seconds to recover then handed it the crop to put away and
turned back to March.  An hand tugged and pulled out some hair, twisted around
it to get a firm grasp and lifted its head back.  It cried out and struggled but
as I continued to lift it managed to get flex its body and finally get vertical
again.

Letting go of its hair I ran a finger across one of the welts cutting across its
breasts, bringing a sharp intact of breath I said "Don't you have something to
say bitch?"  It gasped, shivered then its breasts rose under my fingers as it
breathed in and finally said "Thank you master."

"For what?"

"For punishing me master."  A pause and it sensed something more was required. 
"For punishing me for my disobedience."  A couple of seconds and it concluded
with a belated "Master."

"That's better bitch.  It you behave then only four days and you willn't have to
do this again OK?"  It was phrased as a question but clearly a statement. 
Reminding the bitch it had to go through this at least another 4 times it
groaned and its head sank.  I continued touching the welts, its boobs shivering
beneath my fingers in response to the pain from even that light pressure.  "Will
you be so talkative in future?"  I asked.  It opened its mouth but a finger from
my other hand across its mouth reminded it and it shook its head briefly. 
"That's better.  If you learn some manners now you will find things a lot
easier."  Not true as I was going to step up the pressure in the days and weeks
to come up but easier than they would be if it kept misbehaving.

After another minute I said "Right, now down on your belly."  It groaned in
disbelieve and I reminded it.  "Your still got your other punishment points to
come."

It bent over, attempting to lower itself down but with hands bound behind it
this would be difficult if it was not already tired.  With a despairing cry it
lost balance and fell, landing with a muted thud and less muted cry as its
battered breasts again took the weight of the impact.  It gasped and shuddered
for a few seconds before relaxing, trying to ease the pressure as it realised
its moving was tormenting her breasts further.

Kathy knelt down on the other side of the table, picking up the lease which had
been running down the bitches back to keep it out of the way.  It rotated the
collar to bring the lease to the front of March's throat then pulled it down to
tied around a hook at the base of the table.  This further restrained March in a
head down position so it was totally defenceless and also ensured that its upper
weight was pulled down onto its breasts.

While kneeling down there it spoke briefly to March.  Reminding it that it would
pay for the pain Kathy had taken because of its disobedience and warning it not
to earn its tutor any more.  As it rose a hand briefly moved to stroke March's
left breast to emphasis the point.

I let it stand and move to one side to watch.  Meanwhile I had move over to
check briefly through the rack of straps and picked a fairly simple one, plain
leather, with no hooks or studs.  I cracked it a couple of times in the air,
both to practice my stroke and to increase the bitch's fear.  Then I approached
and lay if across March's back and arms, stroking its buttocks with an hand
while I said "Ready bitch, remember to stay quiet, understand."  It had jumped
slightly at the initial touch and fearfully nodded its acceptance.  I lifted the
belt, stepped back, flexed it, cracked it one more time in the air and then
waited a few more seconds, letting the tension build further.

The 1st blow landed with a loud slap across its rump and brought a startled yelp
from the slave.  I pulled my hand back, watching the welt start to raise across
its cheeks and said "I said be quiet bitch!"  It moaned nervously and tried to
brace itself for the next blow.  For the next couple, other than a sharp intake
of breath, it actually stayed quiet.  However I was aware that the blows, as
well as the direct pain to its rear, were jerking its entire torso, which I knew
must also be hurting its breasts as they were ground on the metal plate on which
the bitch laid.  The 4th blow extracted another cry and I followed up quickly
with the 5th prompting a louder cry.    I stopped and said "I've been generous
bitch but this is your last chance.  Any more noise and you pay the penalty." 
It moaned quietly and braced itself but I knew there was no way it would stay
quiet.  My arm swung back further as I put my fully weight into the 6th blow and
its body jerked in agony as a clear scream was extracted.

"Right!"  I snarled.  "Gag the disobedient bitch."  My anger was more to
frighten it more, the extra 5 blows it would earn as a result was probably the
least of its worries if it actually thought about it.  Kathy lifted its head as
far as the leash would allow and forced a ball gag into its mouth, then tied it
tightly around the bitched head.  It moaned and twitched in complaint until
Kathy slapped it and then lay there quietly.

I gave a few seconds breather then 5 more blows, hard and fast.  The slave
squirmed helplessly and jerked with the pain of the blows while its rear became
criss-crossed with welts.  A minutes break to rest my arm and catch my breath
and I started again, laying into the bitches arse as hard as I could.  Kathy was
watching closely and towards the end of this second 10 moved forward to briefly
wave a vial of ammonia under its nose, causing it to jerk in suddenly discomfort
and cough for a couple of seconds but bound as it was it could do nothing to
escape.  Again I took a short break then gave it the final ten.  By the end its
rear was red, welted and already starting to bruise and possibly seeping blood a
little. 

I tossed the belt to Kathy to put away and moved forward to examine my work.  My
hand roamed over its rear as the slave twitched and shook, even the light touch
undoubtedly causing it much pain.  I pretended otherwise say, "That wasn't so
hard was it?"  Gagged as it was it could say nothing and only an unintelligible
mumble and the slight shaking of its head came in reply.  It stopped even this
fairly quickly as even that minimal motion was obviously painful.

Kathy, knowing what was to happen next had returned to my side with a 6" dildo. 
I took it and allowed her to remove March's gag.  Its head sagged and some
saliva dribbled out as it gasped desperately for air.  I grabbed its hair and
pulled its head as high as the restraints would allow, until its hooded eyes
were facing forward.  As it grimaced in pain I slide the dildo into its open
mouth and continued to push as it started to gag.  Holding it in with one hand I
slapped it lightly on the head with the other to get its attention.  "Quiet
bitch and behave.  The punishment is over for now if you behave.  You're just
got other aspects of your training to work on."

It shook its head slightly as if it clear it then lay still, struggling to
breath around the dildo down its throat.  "You are to hold this here.  Do NOT
drop it, under any circumstances.  Understand!"  It nodded weakly then clumsily
gripped the dildo between its lips and teeth.  "You will find it beneficial it
you wet it but the key thing is not to drop it."  Again it nodded weakly and
gave a small moan, guessing why I said that.

I stepped back and stood quietly for a few seconds, checking it was holding the
dildo OK and letting it wonder over what would happen next.  Then quietly
strolled to the head of the table and pulled down my shorts.   Kathy was already
on its knees and quickly swallowed my cock, which was already swelling.  Her
training and the exercise I had already done, as well as the sexual expectation
I was already feeling meant that I was quickly reaching full erection.  It was
quite an effort to actually stop thrusting and tap Kathy quietly to remind it to
pull back.  It did not bother to dry my cock as it would normally do but instead
quickly reached for a condom, which it slide over my cock.  This was not a
question of heath.  The serum protected me against all know diseases and the
case of chlamydia that a couple of the bitches had had when they arrived were
already largely cleared up by antibiotics.  It was more a matter that any
pregnancy would complicate matters.

March would have heard some vague sounds but probably not much it could
distinguish given its preoccupation with its own plight.  Therefore the 1st it
would have know would be when my hands grabbed its upper thighs and pulled them
even further apart than they were tied.  A muffled scream of surprise and fear,
as it realised what was going to happen then the tip of my cock touched its
lips.  A brief pause while I checked alignment then I thrust forward, deep into
its cunt.

It screamed in both pain and terror and I heard Kathy slap it loudly and shout
"Don't you dare drop that you bitch!" reminding it of its instructions.  Given
how much pain it had suffered and hence the aversion to disobeying and suffering
further punishment this may have had some impact.  In many ways it was a sadists
dream.  The slave was already in considerable agony, bound and blindfolded,
totally helpless.  Fucking it forcibly would in itself cause considerable pain
as without foreplay and with fear keeping it tense it was dry.  At the same time
I was making vigorous contact with its already battered arse while the motion
was shaking the rest of its body, grinding its tits against the table on which
it rested.  Furthermore, while it probably expected rape given the
circumstances, having it actually occur was another matter totally.  As I thrust
inside it my hands gripped tightly on its hips, pulling it deeper onto me.  I
heard it screaming and that helped bring me over the edge.    Briefly I pumped
inside it then collapsed with release, bringing another cry of anguish as my
weight landed on its torso.

I rested for a minute or so, on such a comfortable and warm mattress, hindered
only by its arms crushed between us.  Then, bracing my hands on its upper back I
lifted myself up, simultaneously bringing another gasp from it as this ground
its tits harder into the table.  I caught my breath, resting there for a couple
of minutes then pushed again to lift myself up and stepped backwards, pulling my
spent penis out of it.  Looking down briefly I noticed that the latter stage of
the fuck had been lubricated with some of its blood, which stained the condom.

Walking around the table to the bitch's head I noticed it had stopped screaming
and lay exhausted and sobbing, its head hanging desolately over the end of the
table.  Also that the dildo lay forgotten on the floor.  Bending down I picked
it up and tapped the side of its head with it.  "Bitch, what were you told!"

It sobbed for a couple of seconds and then said  "You raped me.  Why did you 
Aaah!"

I slapped its head hard and said "Don't lie bitch.  By definition I can't rape
you, you stupid slut."

My reaction surprised it I believed and it stopped crying for a few seconds,
wondering how I could make such a statement.  Before it could ask I explained. 
"You're a slave slut.  To rape you would be to use you without your owners'
permission.  As your owner I can hardly use you without giving my own consent
can I now?"

"But, but, I'm not Ooh! "

I hit it again.  "I thought a certain slut said it wasn't going to speak without
permission again?  That's bad enough but when you start lying about your master
that takes the limit.  How much pain do you want bitch!"

"No, please, no more ple... Aaah!"

That blow was followed by silence, as it dare not say any more.  I waited a
couple of minutes then spoke again.  "I'll be generous bitch.  I am going to
have to punish you for disobeying, both dropping your gag and speaking without
permission.  However I will settle for 100 punishment points rather than any
specials.  That's if you apologise for your behaviour and lying and thank me for
my generosity."

It opened its mouth to speak, probably in outrage, but fear kept it silent. 
After a short pause a loud sob broke from it then it stuttered "Please master,
your slave apologises for its behaviour."  It paused for a moment then, after a
deep intake of breath continued "I shouldn't have called you a rapist master." 
It sobbed again, loudly, "Please master, forgive your humble slave."

"You accept you are my property to do with as I wish?"  I demanded.

It paused for several seconds until my hand stroked across its shoulder towards
its breast and its resistance broke like a dam.  "Yes master.  Use me as you
will.  Only please don't hurt me any more, please."

A couple of fingers jabbed into its breast, not hard but enough to make it
squeal anyway.  "What kind of slave makes demands?"

It sobbed again, "Please master, please."  Then "Master, use your slave as you
desire."

"Of course I will.  That's what you exist for isn't it?"

"Yes master, to be used as you wish."  It seemed to be totally broken.

"That's better.  You're nearly finished for today.  Just a couple of last stages
and you can go back to your cage.  I've a busy day today and if you behave you
willn't have anything to do until you eat this evening."

"Thank you master, thank "  It stopped when I placed a hand over its mouth
reminding it that it should not speak.

"That's better, you will be quiet this time, willn't you?"  It nodded, almost
eagerly. 

"The next stage will hurt a bit but is for your own good.  You're going to
behave now aren't you?"  It shivered in fear, knowing something unpleasant was
coming but after a short pause nodded cautiously.

"You didn't lubricate your gag as I suggested but I'll find an alternative
option."  It moaned at the idea of having the dildo stuck inside its tortured
cunt but quickly became silent and waited nervously.

I moved over to a side table, which held some containers and opened one.  The
dildo was ducked into the mustard and swirled around until it was well coated. 
Carefully holding it to minimise dripping I moved behind the bitch, making
enough noise to make sure it knew I was there.  It tried responding, spreading
its legs a bit more and exposing its cunt to get things over with. 

Kathy however knew what was planned and had moved quietly to one side and then
pounced quickly.  Its hands grasped March's cheeks and spread them firmly. 
While the bitch jerked in shock and discomfort I moved the dildo forward and
pressed it again the bitches puckered hole and began to push it inside.

"No!" it howled then screamed again as the dildo pushed inside it.  There was
initial resistance by its sphincter muscle but with another cry that was forced
aside and I was able to thrust the 6' rod virtually all the way in.  While one
hand held it in place the other extracted a key from my pocket and inserted it
into the protruding end of the rod.  A quick twist and the springs were
released, expanding the rubbery section part of the way into the bitch's arse
beyond the sphincter.  As such it would make it impossible to remove the butt
plug without ripping its arse apart.

I stepped back and watch as the bitch withered weakly for a form seconds then
lay still, panting faintly.

"That served two purposes bitch.  I'm no fan of anal but realise that you need
to be trained in it in case a future owner wants to bugger you.  Also it removed
any danger of you fouling your cage.  Or do  you really want to have to clean up
after yourself?  Not to worry.  It hurts a bit at the moment but you will get
used to it soon."

It made no response, whether because it dare not or because it was too racked by
pain, I didn't know or particularly cared.  I gave it a couple of minutes them
moved again to stroke its head and pat it gently, like a favoured pet.  "There's
only one more step then you can have a rest.  Nearly finished."

"What more do.. "  I silenced it with my hand again.  "I thought you had learned
to behave!"  I said with anger and frustration.  It moaned and shook its head,
started to open its mouth again then waited in despair.

"All you need to do is clean up after yourself.  Just a case of being tidy.  And
you even get a tasty snack in the process."

It gave a groan, guessing what I meant but just wishing things to end.  Also
that would be far less painful and disgusting than much of what it had suffered
already.  As such when I lifted its head it opened its mouth without objection,
its tongue hanging out although more probably from exhaustion than any passion. 
I moved my hips forward and its lips closed on my cock, then recoiled briefly at
the taste of its blood. 

Under my instructions it briefly sucked my cock then I pulled back while it
cautiously used its teeth to grip the end of the condom and slowly pull it off
and into its mouth.  It grimaced when I ordered it to chew and swallow but
obeyed and even smiled briefly when I ordered it to express its pleasure at the
meal.  I then ordered it to open wide and clear down my cock completely.  After
doing this is started to suck and I could feel myself starting to rise again. 
However I pulled out quickly, aware that I was facing a long day.  It groped
blindly with its tongue for a couple of seconds then relaxed back for a moment. 
I saw it tense up again and suspected it was worrying about what would happen
next.

I patted it gently on the head and said "Good slut.  That wasn't too hard was
it."  Some of the tension went out of its shoulders.  "Now you can return to
your cage until teatime and just plan on performing better tomorrow."

I moved around to its side, at the end of the table and motioned Kathy forward. 
It crouched down and undid the leash and I grabbed March's hair and helped it
rise.  I didn't yank hard as my intent was to help it get up, deciding a touch
of kindness rather than more pain was the best tool at the moment.  It rose
painfully to its feet, which were still bound, spread wide, although Kathy was
reaching to untie them.  Once this was done it moaned as it stretched with
relief although nearly overbalancing as exhaustion and still being bound it was
restricted in its movement.

The bitch looked beautiful, with its breasts and arse really marked, coated with
bruises and welts and visibly in considerable pain.  Much of its carcass was
coated with sweat. As I walked behind it the end of the butt-plug was visible,
peeking out between its cheeks.  As it took a step back from the table I could
see its cunt, the hairs stained with streaks of blood.  It was impossible to
resist just running a hand over its cunt and slipping the ends of a couple of
fingers inside.  It jerked in surprise but then stood still, even spreading its
legs a bit to allow better access.  I knew this was more fear of anger if it
defied me rather than any actual desire for contact.  However after a couple of
minutes, with three fingers now several inches inside it and my thumb gently
caressing its clit I could feel its cunt walls starting to throb rhythmically
and some of its juice starting to flow.  At this point I stopped, pulling out my
hand and moving it to the bitch's upper lips.  It had moaned in frustration but
I said "If you had behaved I might have let you come.  Possibly next time!  Now,
clean up your mess."  On feeling my hand it opened its cocksucker and licked it
clean.  "Good bitch."  I said as I lifted my hand, drying it on the bitch's
hair.

I stepped back and said to Kathy.  "Right.  Finished with it for today.  Mark it
up and take it back to its cage."  Kathy presented me with a piece of paper
recording the changes in March's punishment level and I did a quick mental
check.  Take away 30 for the strokes it had received, plus quite a lot more for
various infractions and I nodded.  Kathy crossed out the existing total,
bringing a small shiver from March at the sudden contact, then scrawled on the
bruised and battered orb the new total.  It placed the felt tip pen to one side
and picking up the leash gave it a quick tug and ordered "Come."

I watched March stagger off with a smile.  Its jerky walk was partly its various
aches and pains but mostly I suspected the butt-plug pushing deep inside its
bowels.  It would get used to the discomfort and become more mobile in time but
I was determined that it would get every opportunity to.  I watched on the TV,
which I switched back on, as it was led to its cell and then directed down to
its knees, arms untied and then going down to hands and knees to enter its cage.

I turned back to a side table, noticing with surprise that the spell with March
had lasted about 90 minutes.  Damn I thought.  There's still 11 of them to go. 
It's going to be a long day.

Reaching the bowl I rustled the balls, careful to look away then selecting one.
Looking at the number I thought for a minute and picked up a master control.  A
quick jab sent a short electric shock to my target and Carol arrived a couple of
minutes later.  I said "Fetch October" and it turned and headed towards the
cells.




Chap 4:- Violence and Retribution, part I

October I managed to make a slightly quicker version of March.  It was also
stupid enough to try and ignore its disobedience but like March got another 12
added to its specials total, along with 8 more for having continued the
conversation, including derogatory comments on its master. That meant it still
faced another 28, a minimum of a week, when it finally staggered back to its
cage.  It had seemed a little smarter than March however in controlling its
outbursts when being punished.  It still moaned when its arse felt the belt and
dropped the butt-plug when fucked but otherwise managed to stay quieter.  Still
it had much to think about and like March had a fine collection of welts and
bruises. 

I took a twenty minute break then picked another ball.  This time it was the 7
and I buzzed Jane to fetch July.  Again I watched it being picked up from the
cell and escorted to the punishment room.  Its breasts were still clearly marked
from the previous day and Jane, aware of how much punishment it had received as
a result took the opportunity to give it a few touches of the crop to its arse
and thighs on the way in.  It yelped a couple of times but otherwise behaved.

Jane bound its legs while I approached and gave its breasts an examination, both
visual and physical.  It squirmed a little but remained quiet.  "Your here to
start paying off your debts and learn a bit more about being a proper slave. 
You have a LOT of punishment coming for your behaviour yesterday."  I emphasised
the key word and tweaked its nipple a little before continuing.  "Hopefully you
have learnt not to ask for more pain?"  I paused and when it made no response I
squashed its nipple a bit harder and said with some venom "That was a question
slut.  Are you asking for more pain?"  It winced and opened its mouth to reply
then remembered in time and shook its head.  "That's better bitch.  Anyway,
times getting on and I've a lot to do.  First the four specials to the tits."

I moved to the equipment table, picked up the crop and moved across to quickly
strike the first blow.  Managed to catch its right nipple perfectly and it
howled and jerked widely, nearly breaking free of Jane's grip.  I waited a
minute for it to gain control of its charge then measured the distance carefully
and this time managed to get both nipples.   I'm getting better with practice I
thought.  Must do this more often.  Plenty of chances in the time to come I
mused.  Jane cursed as July twisted so rapidly it slipped loose and started to
fall forward.  Jane reached for it with her right hand as July teetered but
stopped as I motioned it back.  The bitch wavered for a couple of seconds but
bound as it was finally fell forward with a scream terminated by a thud and
groan as its breasts broke the fall.  It moaned for a few seconds then I grabbed
some of its hair and pulled it back up to the vertical.  It cried out again but
its long blonde hair made an ideal handle and as some more came loose from the
hood I looped it around my hand and tightened the grip.

"Did that hurt bitch?   Well did it?" I demanded. 

"Please master" it begged, "Yes, yes it hurt.?"

"Will you stay still then?"

"I'll  Ugh"  She gasped as I yanked her head again.

"Did I give you permission to speak bitch?"  I shook its head then allowed a
little slack.

After a moment it shook its head in response, showing it understood.  I asked
again, "Did that fall hurt bitch?"  It nodded, restrained by my grip on its
hair.  "Will you stay still now?"  It started opening its mouth again but
another pull reminded it to stick to yes-no answers and after a couple of
seconds it nodded briefly again.

I let it go, stepping back and motioning Jane forward to hold it while I picked
up the crop again.  July was breathing fairly heavily but relatively calmly,
until the next blow fell.  Its tits, smaller than those of the two previous
slaves, were already heavily marked so I was struggling to find new areas to
hit.  The third blow was slightly upwards, jarring the tits into jumping upwards
and making it gasp and cry out again but it stayed fairly motionless and I was
able to hit the fourth blow fairly rapidly.  This brought a significant howl
from it and its body froze in shock.

"There, that wasn't too bad was it bitch.  That, that's over for today.  You
want to thank your master don't you?"  My left hand reached up to cup its right
breast, cupping it gently but enough that I could feel the welts rising on its
skin and leaving it shuddering.  It tried instinctively to back away but Jane
was standing behind it and preventing it falling backwards.  I tightened my grip
just a little.  "Don't you?" I asked again, this time with clear menace in my
voice.  It moaned again then as my fingers tightened then said "Yes master,
thank you for punishing me." 

"That's better. You can be polite if you just try can't you? "  I fondled the
sore orbs for a couple more minutes, not pressing hard but probably still
hurting it as well as perhaps giving some sexual pleasure. 

"Anyway, we're wasting time.  Still got your standard punishment points to come. 
Bend over!"  I removed my hand and moved away, picking up the crop.

On turning around I saw it was still standing and said "I gave an order bitch!"

"But master, I'll fall  Aaagh!"  It's complain was cut off as the crop cut
across it's shoulders.  The weight of the blow meant it swayed forward then
struggled to balance and pull itself upright.  Another blow to its shoulders
brought another scream and decided the struggle and with a cry it fell forward. 
There is a guttural moan as its breasts take the brunt of the fall again and its
back sags in agony and defeat.

Jane moved to tie its lease down but I stop it with a wave and gripping July's
hair firmly I pull its head back, prompting another gasp from it.

"Did I give you permission to speak bitch?  Especially to deny your master's
instructions!"    It moaned again then cried out as I pulled harder and shook
its head from side to side.  After a few seconds I stopped and gave it a moment
to answer, my fist still buried in its hair.  When it didn't respond I gave
another hard jerk and said "Answer bitch!"

"Please master. I'm sorry."  It groaned again as I slapped it hard with my other
hand.  "You can't keep your cocksucker quiet can you bitch!"  I replied.  I gave
it a couple of seconds then spoke again.  "Try using your neck rather than your
cocksucker.  Now!  Were you given permission to speak?"  I gave its head a small
shake then relaxed my grip a little.  After a couple of seconds it nervously
shook its head.

"So you disobeyed?"  I asked, but phrased as a statement.  It nodded its head
slowly.  "And again by disobeying orders to bend over."  It stiffened and I felt
it tensing as the nerve gathered to speak.  "And don't bring up irrelevancies
that it would hurt you a little.  You know that's of no importance compared to
your master's desire.  Especially when its' for your own good, to train you
properly."  While it gasped in surprise at that statement I shook its head hard
again as a warning.  "I'm getting impatient bitch.  Are you going to answer or
do you want even more punishment?"  This broke its resistance and it shook its
head nervously.  "Are you saying you didn't disobey?"  I asked, pretending to
misunderstand.  This threw it into confusion and fear that it would be punished
again when it wanted to just end the pain

It alternatively shook and nodded its head nervously for a few seconds.  I let
it taste the fear then gave it an out.  "Now, did you disobey me again?"  It
nodded, almost eagerly.  "So you have earned more punishment."  A statement
rather than a question. It hesitated for a moment then nodded nervously. 
"That's better.  You can tell the truth if you try."

I let go of its hair and straightened up.  Ran a hand across its back,
especially the welts from the crop.  It shivered.  I spoke to it in a calm
voice, explaining as I had with the previous two the rules on punishment and how
totals are calculated and both increased and reduced.  It sobbed a couple of
times at the amount of punishment due to it, especially when I mentioned it had
earned another 150 for its disobedience.  However I made clear that it would not
receive any more specials if it spoke briefly to apologise and beg for
punishment.  There was a short pause then it did so, its voice husky with nerves
and breaking a couple of times.

I said, "Well that's that then.  Just behave now and your punishment is over for
today."  It nodded numbly.  "There is some training, to make you a better slave,
but if you behave no more punishment."  It may have suspected that training
would be little different from punishment in the amount of pain it would suffer
as a result but probably clung to the hope that it only had one last ordeal to
suffer.

I was not surprised when it cried out during the thrashing of its arse.  I
stopped and had it gagged then continued with renewed vigour until it had taken
all 30 strokes.  By that time its arse was red with welts and it was crying
openly.  I slapped it lightly about the face and said "Shut up bitch.  There's
no need for that racket.  It's only a little pain.  Not as if you hadn't earned
it."  It sobbed once more then grew quiet.  I gently stroked its rear, bringing
a few tremors from it but it stayed silent. 

When I fucked it the bitch dropped the dildo, as I expected and tried crying out
a couple of times until I slapped it into silence.  After that it moaned a
couple of times as I pounded into it.  Given that I had had a busy few hours it
took about quarter of an hour before I came and then collapsed down onto the
cushion supplied by its body for a couple of minutes.

Not to my surprise, when I lifted myself off it and stood up it tried the old
lie about rape.  I had to slap it a couple of times and then sqeesh its left
breast quite firmly before it stopped complaining and finally apologised.    I
told it that its outbursts had earned it yet more punishment, including 8 more
specials as I made clear it had exhausted my patience. 

Again it moaned a little when I started inserting its butt plug, requiring a
couple of slaps of its arse to make it quieten down.  It jerked a little when
the key was turned, locking the plug in place but then was still.  I thought it
was learning, finally, to behave and the bitch removed the condom without
problems and chewed it quietly. 

It was the final stage of the training session that things got out of hand. 
While it was washing my cock it suddenly bit down hard.  Fortunately I had
already started to stiffen a little and that helped reduce the damage.  Also,
instinctively, my hands moved to slap either side of its head, stunning it and
breaking its grip.  My outrage was such that I punched its head as hard as I
could, despite the risk of damaging my fist, then the pain started to work
through the anger.

Fortunately Jane, despite looking petrified, was already reaching for the
medical kit I kept in the training room.  Although it would not dare use any of
the contents on a slave without permission it knew better than to hang around
under such circumstances.  A couple of minutes saw some alcohol applied to clear
the wound and a dressing added. I had a couple of tears but fortunately they
were not deep and although uncomfortable I knew it would have healed in a couple
of hours.  I thanks my stars again for my dose of serum.

July, having recovered from the punch had been struggling and cursing for a
while and having tended to my immediate needs Jane had started moving toward it,
the anger clear in its face.  However I grabbed its arm and with a finger to my
lips not only stopped it but also made clear it should keep silent.  Moving as
quietly as I could I moved around to the rear of the pinned bitch, knowing there
was no way that it could escape its restraints.  I picked up the key to its butt
plug and positioned myself ready to act.

By this time July had started to get concerned about the silence, obviously
wondering what was happening.  It made a couple of attempts to incite Jane to
rebellion, calling on it to untie July and that between the two of them they
could escape and release the other girls.  Jane looked disgusted at those
suggestions, with possibly also some fear, knowing it was due some share of
July's no doubt strict punishment and being more aware than that bitch what that
could involve.  However, obedient to my directions it stayed quiet.

I grabbed the end of the plug, holding it firm with one hand while inserting and
turning the key with the other. July's initial start at the touch relaxed
somewhat as the ribbing holding the plug in place contracted and also I started
to ease the plug out, helped by some efforts from its muscles.  It thought it
had persuaded Jane to mutiny and spoke words of encouragement and thanks, urging
also that she untie it.

I moved quietly to beside the bitch's head.  Carefully holding the plug, coated
still with a bit of the mustard and portions of the sluts shit, to avoid
touching it and try to avoid dropping any.

It sensed the movement and turned its head slightly towards me, starting to ask
something then gagged as the plug was pushed into its mouth and a little way
down its throat.  "Tape!"  I instructed as I lifted its head to give a cleared
angle for the plug to slight in deeper.  It struggled, both at the intrusion and
the tastes in its mouth but bound as it was, despite trying to swing its head
from side to side it could do little to prevent the plug being pushed in until
its teeth were dangerously near my fingers.  However this restrained it further,
as it could move very little without hurting its throat and was also struggling
for breath.

Jane applied some tape on my direction, not totally sealing its mouth, as I was
not sure how much it could use its nose in that position.  However the tape
meant that the plug was not going to move very easily.

After a short pause it started struggling again, aware it was in serious trouble
now.  Although neither Jane nor me had said anything other than that one word,
it realised I was still in full control and would be very angry.  I kept silent
however, letting its fears mount while I prepared the next stage of my
retribution.

There were quite a lot of butt-plugs in the room, having made sure the place was
well stocked given the number of slaves to train.  However the one I selected
now was bigger, a couple of inches longer and about 1/2" wider as well as being
slightly ribbed.  This latter factor helped when I coated it with mustard as the
channels and ridges collected more of the fluid.  While Jane held it I also
sprinkled some curry powder over it.  Then I picked up the plug and with Jane
pulling July's battered arse cheeks apart I pushed it firmly into the hole. 
Despite its size the 1st section slide into the stretched hole fairly easily. 

July jerked violently, gave a groan loud despite the virtual gag it was wearing
then tried desperately to clamp tight its sphincter muscle.  However its
restrains made any serious resistance impossible and I just rested my palm
against the end of the plug and pushed and after a few seconds the bitch was
unable to resist any longer and the plug pushed several further inches in.  It
arched its back as much as it could and then its stomach cramped as it tried to
expel the intruder but I held firm for a couple of seconds then pushed even
deeper.  Even so it took about another minute before the plug was all the way in
and the key turned, locking it in place.

It was still now, probably exhusted and hurting deeply, its head shaking fairly
feebly and moaning and whimpering through the gag.  I gave silent directions to
Jane to spread its legs wider, leaving the bitch stretched painfully and its
feet on tiptoe, meaning its weight was virtually fully now on its torso.  An
attempt to swing its right leg when that was briefly released, to be pulled
further to the side, stopped when I sank my fist into its side.

Once I had seen it was going to cause no further problems I made my own
preparations.  I rolled the shelve of my shirt up my right arm, to above the
elbow and fixed it in place.  Then looking on the shelves I noticed the small
box I was after and pulled it down and opened it.  Inside were a number of
rings.  Plain metal with, in the place of any jewels jagged edges of metal or
glass.  Knowing the bitch had not been treated yet I realised that, despite my
desire, I could not do too much damage to it so I selected a couple of the
smaller ones, placing them on the 1st and 3rd fingers of my right hand.

I directed Jane to lie down behind July's legs so as to serve as a cushion when
I knelt down. Knowing it would pay later I was feeling generous and placed my
right knee, which would be the fulcrum, in its abdomen, rather than on its cunt,
the left knee, which would exert less pressure being cushioned by its breasts. 
It groaned a couple of times as I lent on it until I motioned it to be quiet. 
Having grown used to the pressure and been warned it then grew silent.

I had already confirmed  that July shaved and its cunt lips were clearly
visible, especially given the way its legs were stretched.  I put three fingers
in, only until the 1st joint and heard it groan.  Instinctively it tried to
clamp down on the fingers and bar them access but was only able to exert fairly
light pressure.  I flexed the fingers for a few seconds pushing and occasionally
scratching at its pussy walls. 
When a firmer jab made it recoil slightly I quickly forced all 4 fingers in to
their base.  It automatically tried to clamp down again and recoiled as its
flesh contacted the jagged metal of the rings.  I pushed a little deeper and
also to the right, forcing the back of my hand against its cunt so that as I
slide in the rings cuts across its tender flesh.  A high pitched keeling came
from it and its body shook with agony as I rubbed up and down the right side of
its pussy walls.

While doing this automatically I thought of another point and my left hand used
the control box to summon Carol.  It arrived within seconds, prompted by the
stinging of the pain wand.  I pointed at the bottle on a side table and said
"ammonia" and it nodded and picked it up, moving quickly to kneel in front of
the bitch.  While my instruction was brief it was well trained and also knew
that when I was punishing a bitch I did not like it escaping into
unconsciousness.  It would have the task, if July looked like doing so, of
reviving it with whiffs of ammonia and also that it would be very uncomfortable
if it failed in that role.

By this time I could feel my hand quite well lubricated by the blood seeping
from July's savaged cunt.  It had ceased to try and grip my fingers, or even
escape from the claws tearing inside it.  I moved the hand back, brushing hard
against its pussy lips to tear them, the harder as I pushed my hand back in.  I
then turned my hand through 180 degrees which was a little awkward but meant I
could start working on the other side of its cunt, bringing a few new moans as
untouched flesh was now racked by the rings.  Also, in this position my thumb
was able to reach forward and dig its nail into the bitch's clit, although I was
rarely able to keep up stead pressure because of the movement of my hand.

After a couple of minutes of this I withdrew the hand a little, to work over its
left cunt lip.  It also enabled me however to hook my thumb in and I bent the
top joints of the fingers back, forming a flattened fist.  The entry of this
into its cunt, now dipping with blood, took a couple of minutes of firm but not
heavy pressure and once inside I was able to thrust deeper.  I never actually
punched it as such, knowing the bitch was too fragile at this point to be able
to take that sort of punishment.  However steady, systematic strokes enabled me
to cut up its cunt quite deep inside it and reaching further at time with my
extended fingers and nails.  I am certain I was able to work over the entrance
to its certex with the latter.

At one point Carol nervously interrupted.  "Master?"  it asked for attention,
then shuddered as I scrowled at it.  "I can't keep it alert master."  I had
noticed it wave the ammonia under the bitch's nose a couple of times and July
shudder in response as the pain hit it again.  It did this again now and I was
aware of the lack of response from the body below me. 

"Adenoline" I said.  "A single shot to the left tit.  Better give it antibiotics
to the right".  Without being treated with the serum the bitch was vulnerable to
infection so I thought it a useful precaution.  Carol nodded and rose quickly,
heading for where the syringes were kept.  In a couple of minutes it had
returned with two and jabbed each in turn deep into the sides of the bitches
tits, knowing that was the way slaves received their injections.  As the 1st was
pressed, injecting the contents July shuddered and started to revive again.  It
groaned and shook its head feebly and I jerked my fist, bringing a shudder from
its body.

Knowing it was near its limit I gave it only another 5 minutes before I slowly
withdrew my hand, jerking and twisting my fist from side to side as I did to
maximise the damage.  I was a bit nervous about pushing too firmly upwards as I
could feel the bulge from the butt-plug deep inside it.  Not only didn't I want
my hand covered in piss or shit I know the chances of it getting a damaging
infection would be greatly increased if I cut through to its abdomen. 

On finally withdrawing my arm I could see it was heavily coated with blood.  I
motioned Carol to me, since Jane was still cushioning my knees.  Slipping the
rings off my fingers I instructed it to clean them, but carefully as I didn't
want it cutting itself.  It nodded in understanding and cautiously placed the
bloody rings in its mouth and began to suck on them.

I rose, bringing a gasp of relieve from Jane but it stayed obediently still on
the floor, having no instruction to move. 

Carol, while doing its cleaning task assisted me in opening up a bowl and
pouring salt into it.  I rubbed my army in the bowl until it was white with the
grains sticking to the blood.  Then Carol poured move over the top of my arm and
finally a portion into my palm, which I sought to grip as I formed a fist.

I knelt quickly and thrust against July's bloodied and battered cunt lips.  They
parted quickly and my fist slide in smoothly.  It then started to jerk, more
violently than for some time, as the salt began to soak into the wounds,  I
pushed as deeply as rapidly as I could so that some of the salt at least reached
the deeper parts of its cunt and also opened my fist and sprinkled the salt as
widely as possible.  I knew the salt would help seal the wounds but, even
better, would sting immensely.  This I could tell from the way its, body, which
had been virtually still for quite a while withered in renewed agony.  I helped
with a little more thrusting with the fist but had decided I had done as much
damage as I could really afford to and after a couple of minutes withdrew the
fist again.

While I washed my hand of the blood and salt Jane was directed to attach three
strong clamps, one to each bloodied lip and the 3rd to the clit.  Those brought
a new wave of spasms from the bitch and I watched it with some satisfaction,
stroking its arse with one hand while cupping a breast with the other.  For
several minutes it withered before finally laying still.  I could feel its
laboured breathing however and see how its body was coated with sweat.  I lifted
its head by the hair and said "Are you sorry for your behaviour now?"

It breathed heavily and tried to mumble something but between the gag and its
battered state could make no sense.  There was no nodding or shaking of its head
and I suspected it was barely coherent.  I gave its head one last shake then let
it drop.  I bent over it and whispered into its ear.  "Take a break.  You'll
need it."  It shivered at the implied threat.



		++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


January and February 	had been waiting nervously for hours.  After their
previous experiences they were too frightened to speak to each other but they
were cold, thirsty and hungry.  After, as the time passed, boredom also replaced
some of the terror.

Both jerked as the door opened and they heard footsteps as I entered, followed,
although they didn't realise it by Jane, Carol and Janine.  The bitches had been
instructed on what to do and they moved quickly and silently.  January's cage
was opened and it was pulled out and dragged to its feet.  Its head swivelled
from side to side nervously and its mouth opened as it started to babble
nervously.  I slapped its breast briefly and snapped "Silence!" and it yelped
but made no more sounds.

When it was chained to the wall, wrists spread wide and ankles also separated,
February was similarly positioned.  I then moved towards them, speaking as I
briefly fondled each right nipple then, as it stiffened, clipped a powerful
clamp on them.  Each slave winced but kept quiet.

"July has asked that you all be punished.  However I will be generous and it
will only last 6 hours.  In time you will also be able to thank it for this."

This probably puzzled them but fear and uncertainty meant they kept quiet,
although both were obviously unhappy with the clamps on their tits.  February
had played sub-dom games with a couple of boyfriends.  Never anything that hurt
as much as the clip on her nipple and she didn't fancy the next 6 hours but
thought she could manage it without too much discomfort.  About thirty minutes
later she realised how wrong she was.

We worked through all the cells like this until 11 bitches were chained and
cramped.




Chap 5:- Violence and Retribution, part II


I returned to the training room where July lay on the table where it had been
left.  There was no sign it had tried to move.  A combination of its exhaustion
and the fact it was still tightly bound.  Approaching it I saw its head move a
little as it heard me approach.  Grasping its hair I lifted its head and shook
it slowly.  "Are you sorry yet bitch?"  It moaned a little, something that might
have been intelligible without the gag still stuck deep down its throat.

"While your been resting I have been visiting your fellow sluts.  Letting them
know that you wanted them to experience some pain."  It froze then slowly shook
its head.  "Don't you hear?"  I asked.  It stopped again, obviously listening
but could hear nothing.  "Here, let me help."  

I flicked a switch.  The doors to the individual cells and also between the
slave block and the training room normally closed automatically but had been
wedged open.  As the current hit their breasts the slaves screamed in unison and
the sound echoed through the corridors and into the room.  It calmed after a
minute or so as they struggled for breath then resumed in less rhythmic form as
each sought to deal with the agony coursing through them.

July had jerked its head sharply at the sound then it dipped and shook as she
sought to deny what was happening.  I allowed it a few moments of silent despair
then grasped its hair and pulled its head back as far as its bounds allowed. 
"Are you feeling sorry now bitch?"

It moaned again, trying to say something and I shook its head again.  "Now
bitch.  If I ungag you and let you speak are you willing to start behaving?"  I
gave a short pause and then continued.  "You can thank me for discipline you but
no cheek or abuse, understand bitch!"  I shook its head again, hard enough to
bring a strangled yelp from it and continued.  "Now, are you ready to
apologise?"

I let its hair go and the head dropped.  After a few seconds the head nodded
once, then more decisively.  I nodded towards Janine and it untied the gag and
allowed the dildo to slip out of July's mouth, catching it as it fell.  It
gasped for a few moments and its torso heaved as it gulped in breath, then
started to settle.  I rested a hand on its shoulder pressing lightly against the
torso, exerting a little pressure against the breast beneath it but not a lot
and said, "Well?"

It shuddered briefly gulped a couple of times and there nervously croaked
"Master, I am sorry."

"For what bitch."

It hesitated and I pressed slightly more firmly on its shoulder.  There was a
brief "Aaah" then it continued.  "I'm sorry for biting you master....  Please,
forgive me."

"Why slave?"

This seemed to stump it for a few seconds.  It paused then continued, "Please
master, I hurt so much."

I pressed down far more firmly, making it gasp in pain.  "You stupid slut. 
Haven't you realised yet how I feel about lying!"  I released the pressure then
slapped the back of its head hard.  It cried out, more in panic than pain I
suspect. 

I gave it a brief pause and it started up "master.  I'm sorry, what I have done
wrong?"

"That should be obvious slut!"  I left it to feel confused for a moment then
continued.  "As you will find out your in very little pain.  At least compared
to what you're earned."  I continued.  "Also you have forgotten what you
promised already.  You said you would behave." 

It tried asking what was wrong and I pressed down on its shoulders again until
it whimpered and said.  "No.  No more talking.  You're lost the privilege I was
generous enough to give you."

I suspect it was now both frightened and confused.  Lifting the pressure I
asked.  "You said you would behave didn't you?"  It nervously nodded its head.

"That would involve being respectful and honest."  After a pause "Wouldn't it!"
and it nodded again, realising that was a question.

"You're been very bad haven't you?"  A short pause followed by a further nod.

"As such you should apologise and beg for punishment shouldn't you?"  It paused
for several seconds this time and I was reaching forward towards its shoulder
again when it gave a small, reluctant nod.  "What was that?"  I said and it
nodded more vigorously.

"Did you apologise?"  It was confused enough that a couple of seconds passed
before it nodded.

"Did you then beg for further punishment?"  Having given it a question it could
give a favourable response to the following question made it cringe with fear. 
"Well."  This time I did press down again on its shoulder.  It gasped then
quickly shook its head.

"If I let you speak again would you behave now?"  It thought for a few seconds
then slowly nodded.

"Let's see if you can at least beg decently.  You may speak now, but make a good
job of it or else!"

It inhaled deeply and after a brief pause spoke, the voice quivering.  "Please
master...  Your slave has been bad."  It faltered then continued.  "Please
master, please punish me."

"Don't worry bitch.  I will be punishing you for a long while yet.  You're had
about enough you can take today so there's not much more for the moment.  Given
the nature of your crime there's no way you can be punished enough but I will be
making you pay for a while yet your be glad to know."

"Anyway, you're nearly finished for today and will soon be back in the comfort
of your cage to think over your behaviour and how you can be a better slave. 
August may distract you for a while but it will stop screaming as its throat
gets tired or you're just get use to the noise."  Metaphorically I turned the
screw by reminding it how the other slaves were in pain because of its
behaviour.  As I rather expected it took the bait.

"Please master....  Please.  I'll do anything but please don't hurt the others."

"You really want me to change their punishment?"  I asked.

"Please master.  I would be so grateful if"

I interrupted.  "Right then.  Carol, change the duration of the shock to 8
hours."

"What!  No. Please I didn't me  Aaah".  It initial cry of surprise and desperate
appeal changed to a gasp of pain as I punched it hard in the back.

Before it could recover I grabbed its hair and pulled its head back as far as I
could, prompting a new squeal.  "I've had it with your cheek bitch.  I did warn
you."

It tried speaking "Please master, what have I done wr.."  The plea being cut off
as I punched it again with my other hand, while still holding its hair tight.

"You're my property bitch.  You exist only to serve me."  I let go of its hair
before continuing.  "You will do what I want, because its what I want.  It's
none of your business what I do with your carcass except for knowing what you
need to do to obey.  Therefore it's downright insolence to pretend that you have
any say in the matter, or have the nerve to offer me obedience if I do what YOU
want!  You will learn to obey and forget any delusion of having any existence
except as property.  You will NOT dare to bargain with your master.  If you ever
try that again you will realise what it is to anger me.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND!"

The last couple of sentences were not only spoken loud and clear but accompanies
by another couple of punches to its back and side.  I couldn't get full weight
into the blows from the current position but they were hard enough to get the
point across.  

I gave it a minute or so to recover then lifted its head by the hair and asked
"Do you understand now bitch?"  It nodded, at first wearily, or perhaps in pain
then more eagerly and energetically to avoid further punishment.

"Will you try and manipulate me again bitch?"  I asked harshly.  It shook its
head rapidly.  "Will you remember your place?"  The shaking rapidly changed to
nodding.  I slide my hand down, running briefly over its arshe then twitching
the end of its butt plug, jostling the rest of it inside her.  This must have
hurt but I noticed it made no complaint, obviously totally terrified. 

I moved the hand to stroke down her rump and upper legs, moving occasionally to
feel up its cunt and often catching the clamps attached to its lips.  Again it
stayed quiet.

"On the other hand I am feeling in a generous mood.  I am prepared to give you a
test and if you behave I will reduce the time the other bitches are shocked back
down to 6 hours.  However, if you attempt and fail their time will be increased
to 10 hours."

"This will not of course make any difference to your own punishment.  Apart from
the increases due to you're repeated appalling behaviour of course.  Do you want
to play?"

It was silent for quite a while before nervously asking, "May your slave know
what the test is master?"  I noticed it had not totally lost all judgement,
which while disappointing in a way meant that there was still plenty to break
down in it.

I gave it a few moments to stew then replied "Of course.  Your test will come in
two parts, either side of the last of today's punishment.  At least the last if
you behave."  I reminded it of the cost of failure.

"Since your crime involved misusing your cocksucker the 1st part will be to show
you can use it properly.  That you can deep throat adequately, or learn pretty
damn quickly.  You understand!"  It was a statement rather than a question but
the bitch quickly nodded its acceptance. 

"I will leave the other part until after you're last punishment session.  You
will find it easier that way.  As you should realise your cocksucker is
multi-functional.  Your task for the 2nd half is to show you're adequate as a
piss-pot as well."

"What!  That's disgusting.  What kind of "

"So you're happy with the 8 hours."  I interrupted, reminding it of the price of
turning down my offer. 

It was silent for nearly a minute, possibly listening to the echoing cries of
its fellow slaves before saying  "I'm sorry master" then after a short pause,
"I'll do it."

"If you start you will have to finish else they will pay.  And you mustn't spill
a drop.  Clear?"  It nodded its head reluctantly after a short pause.

"Right then, you're wasted enough of my time so lets get started."  I said.  It
lifted its head as far as the leash allowed and opened its mouth but I grabbed
its hair and pulled upwards as far as its head could come and directed Jane to
kneel and loosen the leash.  Pulling carefully I waited until the bitch could
lift its head to a forward facing position then had the leash tied again.

I quickly unzipped and released my cock.  In expectation of what was happening
it was already firming up and starting to show pre-cum.  I took the opportunity
to remove the dressing, confirming the wounds had healed and replaced it with a
new, smaller, dressing.  This would both confuse the bitch and also give some
protection if it was stupid enough to try such an attack again.

Having got myself ready I turned back to the bitch, grabbed its hair fairly
loosely positioned myself and entered its mouth fairly quickly.  It did try
accommodating me and even using its tongue to caress my penis but after a couple
of moderate thrusts I changed position slightly and drove hard down its throat. 
It gagged but I pushed deeper before pulling back, allowing it a brief gasp of
air before thrusting back in again.  For most of the next few minutes it
struggled for those short gasps of breath as most of the time my cock was deep
down its throat.  I could feel the smug fit of its breathing passage around me
and knowing how much difficulty I was causing it excited me further.  Finally I
came, in a series of deep spurts, making breathing even more difficult for it as
it struggled to swallow.  As I recovered my own breath I pulled back slightly,
my shrunken cock resting more easily it its mouth as forced air into its starved
lungs in great gasps, its shoulders heaving as it made up the deficit as quickly
as possible.

I gave it a minute or so then tapped the side of its head lightly to remind it -
"Clean bitch".  It took another tap but then the slave started licking and
sucking.  I gave it another minute then withdrew fully and use a couple of
strands of its hair to dry my organ.  Reloading my trousers I zipped up and then
said "Now you can thank me for letting you serve your master."

The bitch had been resting quietly but inhaled sharply and was silent for a long
moment.  It inhaled again and started to speak then stopped.  I rested a hand on
its shoulder and it took the hint and stuttering a little said "Master, thank
you for letting me serve you."  The words sounded like they were being drawn out
of it with great reluctance and gave good testimony to the degree of terror it
was no doubt feeling.

"That's better.  Always remember your manners slave."  I patted it gently on the
head in a patronising manner that I knew would wind it up further.  "Now we can
move on to your punishment prior to your 2nd test.  Thanks to your behaviour
we're running behind schedule so lets get moving." 

I turned and spoke to Carol.  "Loosen its lease and have it stand up."  The
slave moved to obey but July was in no state to rise.  It tried, encouraged to a
couple of firm slaps to its arse but eventually I had to help it up with a hand
in its hair.  I didn't yank hard but a steady tug allowed it to rise to a
vertical position.  When I let go it wavered for several seconds but gradually
steadied itself.

Under my directions Janine knelt to untie July's left ankle, then it and Jane
turned the bitch through 180, supporting it while doing so.  The legs were
spread again and the left leg bound in place, this time leaving it with its back
to the table.  This helped support it as possibly did its arms, although I was
also aware that the butt plug would be being forced deeper into it by slave's 
weight.  I took the opportunity to check it over.  The bruises were developing
nicely, especially on its breasts while its pubes were stained red from the
blood that had flowed from its cunt.  I played fairly lightly with the bitches
tits and also twricked the clamps on its cunt but not strongly so.  Enough
however to get a couple of moans from the bitch, suggesting it was near the end
of its tether. 

When it was positioned, under my directions Jane climbed onto the table behind
July, spreading its legs so it could draw close behind it.  Arms moved around
July and folded in front of its chest, each hand reaching up to grasp a breast. 
July groaned but relatively mutely and I could tell Jane was not gripping
tightly.

I closed and spoke again.  "As I say we're short of time, so lets getting this
over quickly.  You are being punished for your revolting behaviour in seeking to
bargain with your master rather than swerving him with decent humility and
obedience.  Furthermore you have repeatedly pretended to be a person rather than
a piece of property and claimed rights.  Several times you have promised to
behave but you keep talking without permission, objecting to your use or
claiming to be in serious pain.  I'm getting pissed off with your disobedience
and lying.  This despite all the time I have spent teaching you today. 
Therefore you will be punished with 40 specials and 500 standard points."  This
brought a groan from July.  "Those will be issued during the normal training
periods but you will also undergo immediate punishment."

With that I pulled back my fist and swung it deep into the slave's abdomen.  It
cried out and tried to bend forward under the blow but was held upright by Jane
tightening its arms.  July gasped and said "No...  Please.  No mo....  Aaaah."

It's comment was cut short as I punched it again, moving the focus to its other
side.  It cried out again and this time jerked strongly enough it nearly broke
Jane's grip.  "Shut up slut.  Unless you're asking for even more punishment."

I gave it a couple of minutes to recover its breath then hit it a 3rd time.  Its
cry was clearly one of agony this time and it started to mutter again but cut it
short.

Over the next ten minutes I hit it about 6 more times.  Most blows were to the
abdomen, but a couple dug deep into its solar plexus.  I was not giving the
blows full weight.  Without the serum there was too much danger of doing damage
it couldn't recover from.  However I knew it was definitely feeling the blows
and by the end it was reliant on Jane to hold it up and sobbing.

I gave it five minutes to recover then reached down and twisted the clamp on its
clit, to attract its attention.  I pulled it a little to check it was on tight,
as well as for the sheer pleasure of it.  The bitch gave a couple of sharp moans
but said nothing else, whether through terror or exhaustion.

Letting go I lifted up to grasp its throat, reaching under the collar to grip
its neck directly.  A couple of shakes and then I spoke again.  "That punishment
was for your general behaviour during this session.  However there is the far
more serious matter of your assault on your owner.  That can NOT be tolerated. 
I can't give you the degree of punishment you deserve.  Possibly a millennium in
Hell with a pack of demons totally committed to giving you continued agony might
be fair but I lack the resources and I'm not going to give up on my investment
yet.  Furthermore as you're a new slave there's a limit to what you take
currently.  ARE YOU LISTENING SLUT!"  The last sentence was shouted at it and I
shook its throat again then loosened my grip and allowed it to gasp for breath
for about 10 seconds.  Its chest heaved pleasantly as it gulped in air then as
the tremors started to subside I gripped it again.

"However I will be punishing you over the next few months, until I've decided
you have learnt your lesson.  You will find how shallow your lies about being in
great pain are when you really start to pay.    I've got other things to do so
can't do much more at the moment but will give you one final lesson."

I slipped my hand from its throat and it gulped in air again.  At my direction
Jane moved its hands off July's boobs and clasped them together around its
waist.

"Please master I can't  Aaaah".  Its latest moan was cut short as I dug my fist
into its abdomen again.  This blow had been harder as I was seriously losing my
temper with it and for a few seconds it gasped and heaved as if it would throw
up.

I grabbed it firmly by the throat, this time probably had enough to bruise it
and warned it, "Don't you dare bitch!".  Loosened my grip a bit so it could suck
in enough air and after a few seconds its breathing settled.

With my other hand I rapped its forehead with the knuckles, not hard but enough
to sting a little.  "Well doesn't sound hollow so there's something in there". 
Then addressing it directly.  "Do you have shit for brains bitch or are you that
damn masochistic?  I just warned you about misbehaving and you immediately start
mouthing off again."  It breathed in more heavily and I clamped my hand tightly
around its windpipe.  "Don't you dare say anything bitch.  Next time you
mis-behave it will be two punches.  The time after that three.  DO YOU GET THAT
SHITHEAD?"  It nodded its head weakly.  "You're not going to say anything?"  It
shook its head.  I relaxed my grip, not removing my hand totally but enough that
it could breath in.  For a couple of minutes it breathed heavily, feeding oxygen
back into its system and its body slowly calmed.

"Your so lazy and selfish bitch.  Whereas your concern should be about serving
your master you do nothing but whinge and moan about how you're feeling and
pretending that the little pain your had was significant.  As if the bulk of
that wasn't brought on you by your own appalling behaviour.  You don't even care
about your fellow slave sluts."  It raised its head at this and started to open
its mouth but remembered in time and paused.  "You paid lip service to caring
about what's happening to the others but, having earned them 6 hours pain you
increased it 8.  I generously gave you a chance to cut it back to 6 but you're
so eager to get more pain I doubt your chances of passing the test.  While that
would earn you more punishment you don't seem to give a damn that would increase
their session to 10 hours."

 "And you haven't shown any concern at all about Jane!"  This brought a short
intake of breath from July.  "Are you saying you're so stupid you can't remember
things from one day to another?"  It shook its head in confusion.  "I said that
the tutors, having responsibility for training, would pay whenever their charges
earned themselves punishment."

"Jane is a fully trained slave slut.  It can take far more than you yet!"  I
added the last word as a warning.  "As such, for such a serious crime, it will
pay a heavy price.  It will shortly be in far more agony shortly than your much
boasted discomfort."  It gasped again at that.  I paused and looked directly at
Jane.  It had known this but probably had been doing its best to push the
thought to the back of its mind.  I saw it pale, although it managed a weak
smile.

"Not to worry.  As soon as you're up to it Jane will demonstrate what you put it
through, probably with a few additions.  By then you will have a proper
understanding of how much pain you bitches can take.  Also it will be more than
willing to warn you not to offend again."  I gave Jane an evil smile and it
smiled more firmly.  July gave a sudden yelp as Jane tightened its grip
noticeable, giving it a bear-hug to its bruised and battered abdomen.  I let it
continue for about 20 seconds then motioned it to loosen its grip.

"I'm sorry Jan..."  July spoke then realised what it was doing, cutting its
comment short.  Its mouth opened again, probably to apologies but fearing that
would make things worse it

"Did a bitch speak without permission?"  I asked menacingly.  It shivered but
said nothing for the moment.  "Is it now seeking to deny its disobedience."  It
shook its head desperately and I decided to play with it a little.  "So the
bitch admits it disobeyed?"  After a couple of seconds it nodded nervously.  "As
such it has earned another couple of punches?"  There was a markedly longer
pause then a shallow and very reluctant nod.  "I think a bitch is forgetting its
duty to be honest and obedient!"  It shivered again.  I repeated the question,
"Has it earned more punishment?"  There was a brief pause then it nodded clearly
but its shoulders sagged further.  It was certain now it would be hurt again,
could see no way of preventing it and was desperately searching for ways to
minimise what was coming.

"The bitch deserves such punishment for continued disobedience doesn't it?"  The
shoulders sagged further then it nodded again.  Resigned now to what was coming,
its whole body posture showed it just wanted to get things over with.  However I
hadn't finished with it yet.  I instructed Jane "Hands on breasts."  It raised
its arms and grasped July's boobs digging in its fingers and prompting a sharp
yelp from the slut.  I let it have about 10 seconds then told it to loosen the
grip and July gave a sigh of relief.

"An obedient bitch would desire to learn and pay for its crimes, wouldn't it." 
It quivered again nervous but uncertain.  I repeated the last two words,
virtually shouted into its ear.  "WOULDN'T IT!"  It jerked sharply, hesitated
then nodded nervously.  "Therefore if a bitch was given permission to speak it
would be only too eager to beg for such punishment.  You have such permission."

I was playing with its mind here.  Not only was it frightened and expectant of
the coming blows, while I was milking the tension.  Now I was going to
pressurise it to beg for the pain, with the implicit threat that continued
disobedience would give further agony.  As such it knew that such begging would
minimise the punishment but would still be very difficult to it to do.

I gave it a few seconds and this nervous squeak came out "Please master. Punish
this bitch." 

"What was that slut?  Speak up."

It paused again then spoke with more volume.  "Please master.   Punish this
bitch."

"Why?"

Again it paused, before continuing  "Because it has been disobedient master."  I
noticed that, intentionally or otherwise it had referred to itself as it.

"That's better slave.  Now shut up and take your punishment."

It stiffened slightly, trying to brace itself against the coming blow.  I waited
a few seconds, allowing tension to build while I positioned myself.  The 1st
blow dug deep into its flesh, only a couple of inches above and to its left of
its clit and pussy.  There was a long low groan as the air rushed out of it. 
Its upper torso jabbed forward in response, nearly breaking Jane's grip.

The 2nd blow followed fairly quickly, but I pulled it somewhat and hit higher,
barely below the ribs in a relatively unmarked area.  July jerked again and
emitted a series of squawks and squeaks, fairly high pitched as it sought to
absorb the pain, its body jerking and shaking.

I gave it a couple of minutes to recover and regain some control.  Could not
however resist sweeping my fingers over its abdomen.  Despite the touches being
light and fleeting I think its jumps and jerks were as much from pain as shock.

"If I let you speak now what would a good slave say?"

It was silent for a few moments then stuttered out.  "Master.  Your slave thanks
you for punishing it."

"Finally a little manners.  Now, are you ready for what should be your final
punishment of the day?"

It gulped deeply then nodded nervously.  I motioned to Jane and it lowered its
hands to grip July's abdomen again.

"As I said earlier I can't give you more than a little punishment at the moment. 
Think of it as an interest payment on your debts.  However, what I am going to
do here will be repeated every day, at the end of each training session.  Do you
understand?"

It gave a small nod and I swung my fist through into its left breast.  The soft
flesh deformed under the blow and I think I could feel its ribs acting as a
anvil to my knuckles.  I was more aware of the scream that tore from its throat,
drowning out the cries of its fellow slaves coming from the corridor.  The sound
went on and on until finally lack of air cut it off and the bitches head, which
had jerked back as its cocksucker opened dropped forward.  It was gasping and
emitting small whimpers.  I lifted its head and confirmed it was still conscious
then said "One".  Gave it a couple of seconds to realise that meant other blows
would be coming then hit the breast again.  The resulting squeak was more muted,
it simply didn't have the energy to make as much noise again.  As it stopped and
struggled to fed air back into its chest it might have been mumbling in its
agony but I decided to be generous and ignore it, other than to say "two", which
it was probably too far gone to hear.

After a couple of minutes I judged it recovered enough and struck the third
blow.  Changing position slightly to hit the breast from a different direction. 
Again it cried out and its body shook but the reaction was declining.  I noticed
the breast was already starting to mark up and realised in a short period it
would have a good set of bruises.

Given that, although tender, the breasts contained nothing vital to the bitches
existence I had been less restrained in those blows, putting my full force into
them.  The final two blows were lighter, although I doubt if it would have
realised and by the time I said "five" its head hung limply.

I gave it about 5 minutes to recover, playing with Janine's breasts for a while,
then moved forward to inspect July.  My left hand raised its head while the
right explored the battered orb, squashing and probing lightly but enough to
make it jerk repeatedly.  I moved briefly down to its cunt, tweaking the clamps
and giving its lip a quick nip with my fingers.  Was not too surprised to find a
little moisture oozing from inside it.  In its battered state its body was
probably seeking any way to divert the pain and find some relief.

By this time it was breathing almost normally again apart from continued short
gasps and shudders.  I leant over until my mouth was near its ear and said
quietly "Ready for the other boob bitch?".  Its head jerked that slightly back
the other way as its hair complained about the stretching that resulted.  There
was a cry that might have been a screamed no but I decided to ignore it as after
that, although shaking its head the bitch stayed silent.

I took a couple of minutes getting into position, not only making sure that the
angle was right but also aware that the nervous tension it was feeling would be
increasing its discomfort.  The 1st blow was again a full strength one, coming
from the side rather than face on and the nipple escaped the full impact.  It
jerked again in Jane's grip but the cries were now weak with exhaustion.  I
spoke the count, manoeuvred a little then hit full on with the 2nd blow crushing
the nipple deep into its malleable flesh.  It cried out again, but feebly now. 
I gave a couple of minutes then struck again.   After that I think the bitch was
unconscious but rather than wait for it to be revived I simply speeded up the
last two blows, knowing it would feel the effects when it awoke and for long
hours ahead.

This time I played with Carol for about 10 minutes.  July started to revive and
moan about 2/3 of the way through this but I allowed it the extra time to
recover and be more aware of its status and agony.  Glancing occasionally over I
saw it raise its head, then shudder, I think as the move jarred its sore breasts
and after that it moved very slowly and carefully, even within the tight limits
it was already confined to.

Approaching without speaking I examined my work, gently caressing its breasts,
running hands over them with virtually no contact.  In other circumstances the
bitch would have found it arousing but they were now so tender I could hear it
wince and gasp at every contact.  Finally I said "Clamps" evoking a clear cry of
despair from it.

Jane passed me a couple of large spring clamps, just like the three attached to
its groin and I slowly placed one on each breast, ensuring I included the nipple
in the affected area.  A long tone of agony emerged from its throat until I told
it to be quiet, which it managed after a few seconds.

"That's better bitch.  Now if you behave I willn't need to punish you again
until tomorrow."  Its cocksucker opened briefly, whether to thank me, beg or
curse but it remembered in time and stayed silent.

"All we've got now is the 2nd part of your test and then you can go back to your
cage for a rest.  Are you ready to perform or do you prefer the other bitches to
have the extra 2 hours?"

It was silent for a long minute or two them spoke very quietly, the pain clear
in its voice.  "Please master, I am ready to perform."

"Ask nicely now slave."

There was a short pause then it bit the bullet of the further humiliation and
said.  "Please master.  Your slave begs you to use its mouth as a toilet."

"That's better, although the correct phase is cocksucker.  Get it into position.
"  This last as directed to the three tutors.

Carol and Janine knelt to untie its ankles then support its weight as Jane
slowly loosening its grip and the bitch slipped to the floor.  They restored its
ankle shackles and positioned it kneeling, thighs wide apart.  It was able to
lean back a bit against the table leg, although probably irritating the earlier
welts across its shoulder. 

I knelt down, resting my shins on its thighs and unzipped my cock.  Having
decided I would make an example of it after its earlier disobedience I had drank
a couple of pints of water while returning from chaining the other two bitches. 
In fact, although I had anticipated some further disobedience and the extra
punishment I had underestimated how much so was feeling distinctly uncomfortable
at the contents of my bladder.  Although not as much, I though with some
satisfaction, as it would soon cause July.

I positioned myself and spoke again before closing the distance between my penis
and its cocksucker.  "This is simpler than deep throating and even easier for
you bitch.  All you need to do is swallow.  You may use your lips to grip and
pause for breath occasionally but that's all, understand!"  It nodded and I
leaned forward, inserting the 1st couple of inches past its lips. 

"Now use your lips to make a seal.  You don't want to let a drop escape.  Not
only would that be wasteful but it would mean you would fail.  Also its easier
taking it direct than cleaning the floor afterwards."  It moaned and I felt its
lips close on my cock.  With a sign of pleasure I relaxed my grip and let the
piss flow.

I knew this was a potential danger point.  There was the chance that the bitch
would be angry or desperate enough to attack me again.  Probably most likely
when the first gush of urine hits its cocksucker and reminds it what it was
drinking.  Alternatively, it might jerk back in repulsion. However I was fairly
confident from my experience that I had it completely cowered, at least for the
moment and given the agony burning across its body it was desperate to do
anything to avoid further pain.  While repulsive to its social training and
unpleasant to the taste drinking my piss would not be physically painful.

I was correct in my analysis.  After an initial short jerk backwards, limited
anyway by the table behind it July stayed still, drinking steadily.  I could not
see much from my current position but was vaguely aware of its body moving
beneath me as it absorbed the fluid.  I was also pleasantly surprised at how
much I managed to pump out into it.  A couple of times its lips gripped me more
tightly, stemming the flow and I heard it gasp for breath through its nose. 
Finally I was empty and said the single word "clean".  Without objection it
started licking my cock, but given have piss-coated its tongue would be after
only about 5 seconds I withdrew and used a couple of strands of its hair to dry
myself down.  I could hear its laboured breathing gradually settle and grabbing
the table I lifted myself up.

Looking down at it I said "You may now thank your master, slave."  It gave a
brief, gagging sounds at what it considered this final outrage and its head
turned in the direction of my voice, probably giving a glare under the mask that
blinded it. 

After a couple of seconds it spoke.  "Master...  Thank you for using my mo... 
cocksucker as a pisspot."

"See, you can learn to be polite slave."  Turning to the other 3 slaves I
continued.  "Right, who's trying the pisspot next!"

"What!"  The word came out virtually as a single note, so quickly and with the
outrage clear in the voice.  It splutter a second or two and was opening its
mouth to speak again when my hand slapped its head hard.  Its head swung
sidewards under the blow and for a couple of seconds nearly tippled right over.

"You can not keep your cocksucker under control can you bitch!  What is wrong
with you.  You're just earned the other sluts another two hours."  My voice
clearly displayed my anger and frustration with its indisipline. 

It opened its mouth again but said nothing.  Obviously confused and angry,
desperate to plea for mercy but frightened to say more.  I crouched down, this
time kneeling with my knees digging into its thighs, forcing it to squirm a bit
more.  "For your information slut.  If you hadn't been to lazy to pay
attention."  My voice dripped scorn as I continued.  "I said you would be used
as a pisspot.  I DIDN'T say that would only be by me!"  I paused to let that
sink in and it groaned as it realised its mistake.  "I'd be generous and not
treat that outburst as a failure in your test.  So you can still cut the time
they fry, if only to 8 hours now.  You must really hate your fellow sluts."

It groaned at this and shook its head briefly but said nothing.  I gasped its
left breast, relatively lightly, but enough in it's bruised state to have it
struggle to surpress a cry and arc its back at the pain.  "However, if any more
misbehaviour AT ALL, I will forget it, settle for the 12 hours for them and book
you for further punishment".  I tightened the grip on its breast further.  "Is
that clear?"
It nodded its head desperately and after a few seconds I let go and then lifted
myself up.  Turning I said "Jane, you're more cause to want to play this thing
back than anything else, do you want to go first?"

It nodded eagerly and approached, lowering to dig its knees into July's thighs
and grabbed its head with a right hand, grasping a handful of hair and starting
to pull it forward.  I motioned it to stop a moment and gave July one last
warning.  "Don't you dare split a drop, understand!"  It nodded weakly, despite
Jane's tight grip on its hair and I motioned Jane to continue.  I knelt to one
side to watch while Janine picked up one of the mobile cameras to record things
from the other side.

With no cock to grip July had less control over the flow and could only thrust
its upper lips against Jane's lower ones and seek to drink as rapidly as
possible. I could see its throat working frantically to swallow, its tits
wobbling with the exertion, no doubt adding to its discomfort.  After about a
minute it started to splutter, obviously desperate for air but still having to
drink.  I gave it another 10 seconds then told Jane to halt.  Allowed it to stay
where it was with cunt pressed firmly against July's cocksucker but it was able
to breath through its nose for about 30 seconds then I said resume.  Jane lasted
nearly another minute then I noticed July start to relax and realised it had
emptied its bladder.  "Clean" I said and July licked Jane's cunt for another 30
seconds before I stopped it.  I looked at Jane's face, noticing the flush
starting to spread. 

I smiled at it and said  "Well, its earned you enough pain, so might as well let
it give you a bit of pleasure."  Turning back to July I resumed "Bitch, like
your tutor out." 

I don't know whether it had any lesbian experience or was simply eager to avoid
further problems but July set to with a vigour.  Jane steadily grew more flushed
and its breathing deepened.  I rarely let my slaves cum as their purpose is to
serve me and they know not to let anything distract from that.  As such it knew
it was being given a rare pleasure.  Probably also that the forthcoming
punishment was going to be very nasty.

When Jane finally came it slumped so dramatically I had to lift it a bit to
allow July to breath.  Both took a couple of minutes to recover then I ordered
Jane to turn and July to lick out its arse.  This had not been part of my
initial play but I was angry with it for its repeated indisclipine and decided
it would be a good lesson.  Also to test out of curiosity.  Both because I have
heard some suggestions July was into scatology but more to see if it would
complain again.  However, although initially reluctant and only cautiously
probing Jane's arsehole it had finally learnt enough not to say a word.  After a
couple of minutes I urged it to probe deeper, which it did and kept it up for 5
more minutes before I called a halt.  July knelt there gasping, its discoloured
tongue hanging out like an overheated dogs.  I gave it a couple of minutes rest
then resumed the test.

"Which slut wants try it next?"  I asked.  Both Carol and Janine looked at each
other then started forward.  Apart from having reasons to teach the new slaves
discipline, for the sack of their own hides, they knew I wanted it given a good
workout and not to anger me.  I mentally tossed a coin and motioned to Janine go
first and over the next 10 minutes it also emptied its bladder and had its arse
cleaned.  Carol then followed.

I gave July a few more minutes rest, but enjoyed the view as the bitch now
looked excellent.  Its torso was well coated with bruises, especially the
breasts and abdomen.  Its whole body radiated agony and exhaustion and its
stained tongue continued to lag out of its cocksucker.  The tit clamps quivered
occasionally with its breathing  Its lower abdomen bulged with the piss it had
drunk and I knew its own bladder must be giving it considerable discomfort. 
Coupled with the plug deep up its arse and the battering of its cunt earlier I
doubt if a new bitch have ever been feeling so rough after its first training
session.  I knew it would be feeling much worse over the course of its training
as would all of the new sluts but it was such an erotic sight in its agony and
despair, clear even with its face masked.

After about ten minutes I decided it was rested enough and moved over towards
it.  "Bitch.  Well you passed that test, eventually.  Your fellow slaves can be
happy you are only giving then eight hours electricity, although its willn't do
my power bills much good."  My jocular tone didn't disguise the barb I was
throwing about the pain the other slaves were undergoing.  You can now go back
to your cage to rest." 

I paused then continued in a more menacing tone.  "However.  Given your
appalling record of behaviour I'm reminding you of some house rules.  No matter
what August says or does you will remember and obey the rule about no talking,
willn't you!"  I waited and it nodded slowly.  Then I reached down, brushing its
pubic region and the clamps there and the twitching the one attached to its
right breast.  "While in your cage your hands will not be bound.  However you
are not, I repeat NOT, to touch you're additional clothing until given
permission to do so.  Is that clear?"  Again it nodded reluctantly.  I knew the
long wait with those five clamps biting deep into its battered and tender flesh
would be extra painful if it had the option to remove them but dare not without
earning more punishment.

"After your drinking session I bet you want to piss yourself don't you."  This
time the nod was eager and definite.  I glanced at the clock and swore under my
breath at the time that had passed.  "In less than 6 hours the bitches will have
served their time on the circuit.  When that occurs their tutors will return
them to their cages."  I turned to point at Carol, kneeling alongside Jane and
Janine.  I think Jane will be in no position to process August by then so after
you have done your sluts you will look after it.  Once you're done that you will
check on July.  It if has moved or loosened it's clothing".  I pulled slightly
on the clamp to make my point reattached them and continued.  If it has done
that, then reattach them and, before you leave it bind it in position 85."  That
position with wrists bound to the side of each cage would meant that whenever
its torso dropped to the floor its battered breasts would bear the weight of its
torso, also pressing the clamps into them.  If it disobeyed on that point I very
much doubt it would get any sleep tonight.

"If it has behaved you may remove them.  Then check it hasn't messed its cage. 
If it has make sure it licks the mess up.  If it has behaved then let it use the
cell's toilet.  Make clear both it and August know what a privilege it is
getting."  Although July might not realise this at the moment this was something
that might make its existence even more miserable.  The other bitches had
already been told they were suffering because of its actions, while not aware of
what it was going through.  August, denied use of a toilet itself heard July
being permitted to use one and unaware of its much greater need, was probably
going to be very bitter, which would give good scope to dividing the sluts and
having them squabble amongst themselves.

I then decided to give it one last option, partly because I doubted it could
last that long and if forced into more punishment might fail seriously.  Also
too much time had been lost.  Therefore I said.  "Bitch, I will give you one
last option."  It turned its head automatically towards my voice and waited
apprehensively.  "If you choose to accept 40 specials to your total - an extra
10 days - I will cut the duration of the punishment by two hours.  I will give
you 10 seconds to decide.  If you accept this option nod once."  As well as
saving the other slaves two hours of discomfort it would cut the time its own
bursting bladder had to hold by the same time.  This may have made the bitches
mind up as after about 7 seconds its head dipped.

July was so exhausted that it could not stand so it left the room crawling on
hands and knees, being encouraged along by Carol and Janine with occasional
touches of a crop.  As they left I ordered.  "Keep the cell doors open but shut
that one.  That damned screaming is beginning to give me a headache."  They did
that and the room fell silent.  I turned to Jane, still kneeling quietly to one
side.  It shivered as it looked up at me and I said "Now your turn bitch."




Chap 6:- Jane pays the price

	I motioned Jane up onto the training table and got it positioned in one
of the standard poses, on its back, arms folded beneath it and legs spread to
give full access to its cunt.  I went over to the cabinets of equipment and
started sorting through stuff.  As I did I talked over what was planned.

	"Jane, I'm going to have to punish you for your charges failure. 
Because of the degree of the crime this will hurt a lot.  However, when its
ready, you will be permitted to repay July in kind.  Plus some interest. 
Understand?"

	"Yes master."  Its voice was quiet and nervous.  It knew that while I
liked to hurt my slaves from time to times, sometimes brutally, I was harsh but
fair.  Also that I kept my word, although often subtle in the way I would work
new slaves especially.  However it had never know a slave to attack me in such a
manner and was fearful of how strong the reaction might be.

	I sorted out the equipment I wanted and turning picked the items up and
took them over to lay on its carcass, one at a time.  I placed a butt plug, a
couple of inches longed than the one currently deep in July, across its lower
torso.  This would hurt, and probably cause some damage, especially since I
didn't use anal play much so it was unused to it.  However as a treated and
fully trained bitch it would feel pain but manage to take it without much
difficulty.

	The second item was a small box of a hundred drawing pins, which I
rested in its navel.  It breathed out at that point, I think in relieve as I had
used such items before and again, although uncomfortable it was a level of pain
the bitch could take fairly easily.

	It was the third item that changed the slave's mood.  I placed a couple
of think leather gauntlets on my hands so I could pick up a metal cylinder about
6" long and 2" in diameter and lowered it onto the bitch between its breasts. 
It was called my cunting rod, an item that I had designed especially for me and
only used 3 times before.  Once on Carol, as my favourite slut it was the usual
target of my experiments, once on Debbie for my last birthday and once as a
punishment when Kathy had pissed me off.

	Two inches was the outer diameter of the thin metal cylinder and with a
thin leather inner lining it was a tight fit when I was fully engorged.  At one
end a small shield would give some protection to my groin, with a padded lining,
while there were also some straps to hold it in place.  The discomfort I might
suffer however was nothing to what Jane would feeling.  It was not the metal
cylinder that would do the damage but the 1/4"barbs that dotted its outer
surface, which would rip its cunt apart.  Matching this were the similar barbs
on the front surface of the shield, which would grind and mash into its tender
clit region.  Furthermore, when I had used the item before, it had been on its
own.  With the butt plug inside it as well Jane's discomfort and damage would be
increased as its body would have less room to recoil from the pressure I would
exert.

	I looked it squarely in the eyes and asked.  "Do you wish to ask for
restraint bitch?"  Its eyes dropped while it decided its response.  As I prized
discipline highly it knew if would gain some respect if it took its punishment
without needed to be tied down.  However it also knew that if it said no and
needed to be restrained during the coming ordeal then it would earn more
punishment.  After a few seconds it looked up again and just shook its head. 
"Good bitch"  I said patting the nearer breast gently then picked up the three
items and placed them further along the table.  "Turn over!"

	It turned itself over, restoring hands behind its back with its weight
now resting on those same tits against the cold metal of the table top.  I
picked up the butt plug, took it to the mustard tank and coated it well then
returned to the waiting slave.  With my free hand I patted its thighs to spread
its legs a little wider.  It then rose to part Jane's cheeks between finger and
thumb and move the head of the plug against its small puckered hole.  Moving
slowly I eased the head of the plug forward and heard it gasp and move slightly
to try and relax its sphincter and ease the path of the intrusion.  The first,
slimmer, inch or so of the tip entered fairly easily then things grew more
difficult.  I positioned the palm of my right hand against the end of the plug
and slow increased the pressure.  It moaned a couple of times then shrieked as
the resistance suddenly ceased and the plug pushed another 3 inches into it. 
Now I was passed the restraining muscle progress was easier but it still needed
considerable pressure and it moaned and gave small yelps as I pushed the plug
ever deeper.  It twitched a couple of times until I freed my left hand and
slapped its cheek sharply, telling it to be still.  After that it was still but
continued to moan and cry as I pushed deeper.  Finally, after about 15 minutes,
I had the plug virtually fully inserted and turned the key, inflating the ribs
that would hold the plug tightly in place.  Jane cried out and arced its back at
this but then settled, quiet apart from a halting whimpering.  I gave it a few
seconds to settle then gave its right cheek a firm slap, causing it to start,
probably move at the resulting internal disruption as the internal jerk
resulting from the shook of the blow jarred again the plug more than the blow
itself.  "Get up bitch.  Stand so I can get stage two ready."

	It struggled to its feet, having difficulty twisting its torso against
the intruder but after a few seconds was standing again, legs slightly parted
and arms folded behind it in the standard role of a bitch awaiting orders.

	I placed a couple of wooden rods across the table, about 18" apart as
delimiters for the next stage.  Then opened the box of pins and sprinkled them
across the region, with the bulk in the section that would be occupied by its
boobs.  I then stood back and motioned toward the table saying "straighten
them."  It moved forward, rather awkwardly as it was still unused to moving with
the rod so deeply inside it.  However reaching the table it lent forward, again
with signs of discomfort and started working through the pins.  Any that were
lying on their side it turned point upwards.  This was again a game I had played
before with all my regular bitches and they knew the rules.  I relaxed while it
was doing this, caressing its rear, but ignoring the protruding end of the plug.

	When it had completed its task it stepped back and I checked.  Jane had
taken its time and made sure that all the pins were in place because it knew it
would pay if any had been neglected.  Once I was sure of it I stepped to the
other side of the table and motioned it forward until its thighs were tight
against the edge of the table.  "Unfold arms.  I want you to lower yourself
slowly so I can enjoy the view." 

	It nodded and unfolded its arms, bracing its hands either side of the
pin zone and slowly began to lower its torso toward the pins.  I had moved a
couple of the cameras to ensure there was a good view as well as crouching down
myself to make sure I could see.  I halted its descent briefly and used another
rod to sweep a few isolated pins that might have entered its face or neck down
towards the breast region, increasing the concentration there but avoiding any
danger of it getting one in the face or throat, which I didn't want.

	When I gave the instruction Jane continued to lower itself slowly.  As
the hanging breasts started to touch the tips of the pins it slowed further and
I could see the skin stretch with the increasing tension.  Finally one or two
started to get enough pressure to pierce its flesh and I could even see 
trickles of blood start flowing down some of the pins.  The pain was relatively
minor compared to much it had endured, either in its own training or for my
entertainment but I heard its breathing quicken as its weight pushed more and
more pins deeper into it. 

	As the breasts started to flatten I moved to the side, tapping its left
arm and it swung the arm up behind it to clear the view.  This unbalanced it and
it swung the other arm up to restore this.  As a result of the movement and the
fact it was only now supporting its torso by its abdomen muscles it jerked
lower, sending the 1st pins into its lower torso and prompting a deeper gasp
from it.    I said "slowly" and it stiffened its muscles, slowing its descent. 
It took another couple of minutes before its weight was firmly resting on the
table.

	I rose and moved closer, resting my hands on its shoulders then steadily
pushing down.  I moved from side to side, changing position as required and
systematically worked over its torso, ensuring that each part in turn was
pressed down onto the pins.  A couple of times it moaned but was well used to
this level of discomfort and although the boobs especially were being pressed
flat and thoroughly pierced it knew better than to complain and also that far
worse was coming. Although it did not know yet the fully details.

	After a couple of minutes of this I stood back and ordered it to stand.
Automatically, after rising, it folded its arms behind it to give me
uninterrupted access, both visual and tactile, then turned as I instructed. 
That was it faced away from the table as I moved around to check it out more
closely.

	The bulk of the pins were fully embedded and much of its breasts were a
field of gold, from their base, and red from the blood seeping from the slave. 
The lower torso was less heavily marked but again most pins were firmly in
place.  I spent a couple of minutes pushing in the odd loose one then feeling
its body, especially gripping the breasts but also pressing again the torso and
was rewarded with the occasional slight gasp.

	Finally I stepped back and dropped my trousers and pants.  I also
removed my shirt, as I knew this would probably be messy.  My cock was already
rampant and I motioned to Jane to place the rod on it and tie it in place.  The
slave winced slightly as it handled the rod, resulting in a few minor cuts in
its hands but picked it up and slowly and carefully slide it into place.  The
weight was enough to pull my cock down to the horizontal and I had to
concentrate on holding it up while Jane knelt and reached behind me to tie the
straps in place.  I then had it place one hand under the rod to hold it steady
while it kissed the end of my cock, protruding beyond the rod.  Then I said
enough and motioned it to resume position to be fucked. 

	Jane sat back on the table, spreading its elegant thighs.  It kept
looking down at the formidable weapon that it knew would tear its cunt to shreds
and once glanced nervously up at me as if on the verge of begging for mercy. 
However it was wise, or terrified, enough to keep quite and as I approached lay
fully back on the table.

	I had restored the heavy gloves so that I could hold my erection and
direct it towards Jane's nervously waiting pussy.  My left hand briefly fingered
it, roughly pulling the lips apart and kneading its clit lightly.  I noticed a
little moisture seeping from it, probably a protective measure its body was
resorting to, to try and make the coming ordeal less painful.

	The first penetration was simply with the end of my cock, easily
slipping into it and pulling out slightly.  Then I thrust my hips forwards and
Jane gave its first cry as the rod started to rip into its tender lips. I pulled
back a bit and was aware of the warmth as some of its blood started to flow over
the end of my cock.  The next three thrusts all dug deeper in and it was
screaming now and tightening its hands into fists.  I wiggled my hips increasing
its agony and its body arced as it cried out again throwing its head back. 
Timing it I thrust again and now only about an inch of the rod was outside it,
with the barbs on the shield perilously close to its clit.  For a minute or so I
stopped to inspect the damage, also giving it a pause to get used to the level
of the pain.  Looking up I said  "Come on bitch.  Use your legs! Or do you
expect your master to do all the work?"  It glanced briefly at me then started
to raise its legs and hook them together behind my back.  Looking directly at
its face I could see how painful that was as the motion tore new rips in its
flesh.

	When the legs were hooked together behind me I pulled out slightly.  The
low moan this prompted became an extended ululation as I then pushed forwards
again.  This time I drove fully into it, stabbing the barbs of the shield into
its body.  I was vaguely aware that its training was holding as it legs
tightened behind me, helping to drive me into it.

	When I pulled back I noticed the resistance, both from the drying blood
and also as the barbs stuck in its flesh before ripping out.  For about 4" I
withdrew, then drove forwards again prompting a grunt of agony and I noticed
blood also in its mouth as it bit its lip to hold in the cry.

	For about 5-6 minutes I pumped in and out of its bloodied cunt, the
resistance gradually decreasing as the torn flesh increasingly lacked the
cohesion to oppose the hooks that tore inside it.  Finally I came, pumping my
sperm into the bloody pulp.  Then, after a brief pause to regain my breath I
pushed forward again, using the rigidity of the metal tube to enable me to force
it into the slave to the hilt.  Five times I did this, withdrawing almost
completely then thrusting 6" into the sluts quivering body.  It was almost
unconscious now I could see so one final push drive the tube and associated
barbs as deep into it as I could reach then I allowed by body to drop onto its
torso.  This not only jerked the tube inside it but meant my weight landed
heavily on it, knowing the breath out as the pins were pushed even deeper.

	I rested there for a few minutes, while it became fully conscious again. 
Then I reached behind me to undo the straps holding the tube to me.  For another
couple of minutes I rested on its body, ensuring that its boobs cushioned my
arms and elbows then I used the orbs as grips, digging the pins in further as I
levered myself up.  Despite some resistance, supplied by the drying blood, the
rod was now loose on my shrunken cock.  Even its torn flesh, already seeking to
reform and repair itself around the barbs provided greater grip so the tube
hardly moved as I pushed myself upwards, remaining buried to the hilt in its
cunt.  To ensure it was in place I pushed briefly but firmly with the heel of my
hand to its base, pushing the rod back into it and eliciting a final long, low
moan.

	I gave it a few minutes to recover, then moved around to the other side
of the table.  A grip on its hair and a brief tug pulled it the few inches so
that its head hung fully off that side and it opened automatically to swallow my
cock and start licking it clean.  This was not only a matter of tidiness and
good manners on its part, the blood would supply it was valuable nutrition as
its body rebuilt.

	Even so it could not clean the blood totally from my public hairs and I
left briefly for a quick shower, returning a few minutes later refreshed and
with clean clothing. 

	It still waited where I left it, head hanging and bloodied cunt on full
display, like the obedient slave it was.  Now I was clean I wanted to avoid
getting dirty again so I put on a part of gloves before approaching to inspect
my handiwork.  A few more squeeshes of its boobs and probing of the cunt and
torso generated a little more blood and discomfort but the real fun came when I
stepped back and ordered it to stand and walk around.

	It did so but only very slowly and with great difficulty.  The pins were
no great problem but the rod was obviously tearing anew at its insides with
every step.  More blood started to flow down its  thighs and it was obviously in
great pain.  Also I was aware that the large butt plug, so deep inside its rear
was causing it pain, both in itself and in giving its body less room to escape
the ravages of the tube.  In fact I was expecting that its bladder or colon
might be pierced.  As a serum treated bitch there was no danger of infection but
it would be uncomfortable and might cause a mess. Also, given what I was
planning as the final stage of its punishment I took mercy on it and directed
Jane to lay back on the table.  It did this with the occasional cry and shudder,
as well as obviously much more agony but once lying back down managed to get a
modicum of comfort.

	I left it there for an hour while I had a late lunch, remembering what a
busy day it had been.  Also took the opportunity to check on how the bitches
were doing.  Most had stopped screaming now, exhausted and their voices probably
have given out, and they hung limply, occasionally twitching as the current
continued to flow through them.  Using the cameras in cell 4 I got close ups of
both August, slumped in its chains and also, from several angles of July in its
cage.  The latter crouched uncomfortably on hands and knees in its cage as it
had been left.  Since its ankles protruded from the rear of the cage and were
shackled to two of the bars it could not turn on its side in the cramped cage. 
As such its upper torso slumped down resting as far as possibly on forehead and
arms as it no doubt sought to keep its tortured and very tender tits from
touching the hard wooden floor of the cage.  A couple of times I saw it jerk
slightly and suspect it had slumped far enough for one hanging nipple to touch
its arm.  Probably it was also seeking to take some of the weight of its nipple
clamps on its arms. The way it was positioned I could not see them but there was
no sight of them being removed and lying anywhere in the cell.  Also the rear
view camera clearly showed the three clamps on its cunt region still firmly
attached and jiggling slightly as it moved occasionally.  My slaves would of
course be checking the recordings to ensure that the clothing was never removed
and would inform me f it did disobey its instructions.  Rather to my surprise
the examination of its cage showed no sight of the pool of piss I had expected
between its spread thighs so, despite the pressure its bladder was still
holding.  Possibly it was so terrified it was desperately doing anything to obey
or possible, despite the earlier tasting, it couldn't face the idea of licking
up any mess it made.

	When I returned to Jane it was in a much better condition and even
offered a brief smile.  This vanished when I winked at it and said "Don't worry
bitch.  The worst is yet to come."  It started to shiver when I instructed
Debbie and Kathy, who had been summoned to assist, to tie it down and looked
pleadingly at me.  "This is going to hurt a lot bitch.  I don't expect you to
hold still for this but, in about an hour it will be over and you can start to
heal up.  You will have a double ration tonight."  We both knew it would need a
lot of material to replace and repair the damaged and destroyed flesh.  Even so
it grew pale at the thought of further pain, especially so that which was so bad
that it would need to be tied down.  What I had already put it through was
nearly as bad as anything it had undergone in its own training a few years back
so it was aware it was going into unknown territory. The fact that an
experienced and brutal master like me expected a trained slave to need restraint
obviously and rightly terrified it.

	When it was strapped down at neck, breast and waist and with hands
pulled low and legs spread wide and also restrained I searched through the tools
until I found what I wanted.  A new gift I had had specially designed and only
received a couple of months before.  It had other potential uses but was
primarily for the removal of the cunting tube after it had been left in a bitch
for a period of time.  In the past I had withdrawn with the tube still strapped
to me so it had been pulled out virtually as soon as the sex had finished and
before the bitch had healed up to any degree.  However I had decided this was a
far more entertaining way, since it would increase the targeted slaves agony
immensely. 

	I showed it briefly to Jane, a metal rod about a foot long, looking like
a thin dildo, with a slightly thickened head.  On the other end was a metal
ring.  I motioned Kathy in place below Jane's spread legs as my pad and knelt
down on it.  Kathy gave the odd light grunt as my left knee was cushioned by its
full breasts but settled down quietly as it knew it could face much worse if it
misbehaved.

	From this position I could see Jane's cunt much more closely.  Possibly
it had tried to eject the tube by flexing its pussy muscles but the barbs had
held it in place.  Already, under the dried blood I could see that the cunt had
largely healed up, such was the effectiveness of the serum at speeding up and
increasing the bodies ability to repair itself.  This would make it even more
entertaining as the flesh had healed, which would help to hold them in place and
require the rod to be ripped out, tearing apart the flesh again.  I decided the
situation had commercial possibilities and ordered Debbie to get a mask for me
and a blindfold for Jane and to use one of the video cameras to get close ups of
the gory details.  Not so much to hide from it what was going on but I preferred
not to have my personal slaves identities revealed on film I sold.  It was
unlikely anyone would identify them and even less likely that would lead to me
but I preferred to play safe.  Out of Jane's sight I briefly flicked the switch
at the base of the rod, demonstrating for the camera what effect it had before
returning it to the neutral position.  Debbie gasped at seeing this and thinking
about the effect it would have on its fellow slave.

	I inserted the head of the rod I was holding into Jane's cunt.  It
couldn't feeling it of course because it was inside the cunting rod.  Slowly I
pushed deeper until Jane flinched slightly as the tip of it protruded beyond the
limits of the cunting rod and the cold metal made contact deep inside its cunt. 
This first judder was followed by another as in turn it reminded the bitch of
the barbs digging into it.  I paused for effect and made a comment for the
camera, knowing my voice would be disguised before it was sold.  Then slowly
pushed deeper until only an inch or two remained outside its body and resistance
stiffened as I reached the head of its womb.  I pushed a little further to
ensure some penetration into the head of its uterus.  Jane twitched and jerked a
couple of times, prompting a new trickle of blood as it generated new tears in
its healed flesh.  I could not resist a grin at how much it would be jerking
shortly.

	Finally I stopped and let go of the rod.  This was partly to demonstrate
how firmly it was held in place and allow Debbie to get a good picture of it. 
Also to check if Jane would instinctively attempt to expel the intruder, or at
least possibly push it out a little.  However it did not seem to move an inch
and with some admiration form the slaves obedience I grabbed the rod again and
flicked the switch.

	Jane's whole body arced them struggled violently against its restrains
as it screamed, took a deep breath then screamed again.  I cursed at being so
forgetful and rose briefly to apply some cotton plugs which, although they
didn't cut off my hearing totally did much to null the sound. 

	After a couple of minutes Jane started to falter in its struggles as
exhaustion took over.  Blood was flowing fairly freely from its cunt and also
its torso as the violent struggles jerked at the pins still embedded in it. 
Also it had bitten its lip again and I made sure Debbie caught that, as well as
the rest of the bitch's suffering as it panned up and down Jane's body.  I
leaned close to it head, sweating and still shaking feebly, and said "Now you
know why I wanted you restrained bitch."  It gasped to hear my voice then after
a couple of seconds nodded briefly in acknowledgement of the truth of what I
said.  There was no way it could have stayed still under the pain it was
receiving without being heavily restraint.

	The viewers would have seen the earlier demonstration and the 4 metal
blades that, propelled by powerful spring, shot out of the head of the rod when
it was activated.  Including the barrel of the device its head now had a
diameter of 5" and at the end of each razor sharp blade was a barbed hook,
pointing backwards towards the end of the tube.  I very much doubt if anyone,
other than a slave who underwent the experience, could have any idea how much
agony Jane suffered as the blades sliced through its body.

	I gave it a couple more minutes to relax, as much as it could with both
those blades and the barbs of the cunting tube cutting it at every movement. 
Then I attached a light chain to the ring in the end of the rod protruding from
its cunt.  The other end of the chain was attached to a light pulley and I
activated the motor, setting it at a very low speed.  As I did so I explained,
both for Jane and the video's viewers, what was going to happen.  The chain,
which had a little slack in it, would gradually tighten until that was all gone. 
Then as the pulley continued to turn it would exert growing pressure on the rod,
until the force exceeded the resistance supplied by those parts of Jane's flesh
in which the 4 blades were embedded.  Slowly the rod would be extracted, slicing
the bitch apart as it went until the blades made contact with the end of the
cunting rod.  Then the process would be repeated the tension increasing until
the force exceeded the friction, in this case maintained by the contact of the
outer rod with Jane's cunt flesh.  When this happened the rod would be pulled
out of the bitch, ripping the flesh as it did while at the four points of the
compass the 1/4" by which the blades extended beyond the rod's diameter would
tear 4 deeper sweaves through its flesh.  By the time the rod was finally
extracted totally and fell to the floor the bitches cunt would be sliced to
ribbons.

	What they wouldn't know, was that in a couple of days Jane would be
virtually as good as new, all damage, or at least all physical damage repaired. 
This not only made the process very efficient it would keep people off my track
if the police ever did think the film was real torture rather than a carefully
contrived fiction.  They would look for a severely mutilated. Probably dead
bitch rather than one in amazingly perfect health.

By this point Jane was trying to struggle again and desperately screaming and
crying for mercy.  Although it knew it would be Ok in a couple of days it knew
the serum did nothing to mute the intense agony it felt as it was cut open. 
However the restrains held it tightly, although it might have done itself a few
injuries in the struggle. 

The entire extraction process took about 10-12 minutes, before the bloodied tube
dropped to the floor, into the gathering pool of blood there.  I had let Kathy
rise after inserting the rod so it had not been coated with this, although that
was something I had considered.  However I had preferred it to be available with
a second camera, along with a couple of times applying an injection to help keep
Jane conscious. Even so it had slipped into oblivion for the last couple of
minutes.  For about the last five minutes the damage being done was clearly
visible, not only in the blood flowing fairly freely from its cunt but the fact
one of the blades had pierced its torso and slowly sliced across its body,
marking the progress of the rod.  This only finally ended when that blade sliced
through Jane's clit as it reached the end of the slave's cunt.

Once the camera's were off I stopped the pulley and allowed Debbie and Kathy to
apply some aid to Jane.   Its head was dowsed with water until it revived a
little then it was given a nutritional drink to help it start to repair the
damage.  The blood quickly stated to clot and Debbie sowed some stitches to tied
together the ripped outer flesh of Jane's lower torso, although this was made a
little more difficult by the pins still embedded in its flesh.

After five minutes I spoke to it, telling it the others would take it to one of
the rest rooms and it could relax as other bitches would take over its duties
until the morning.  As promised it would be given double rations for the next
couple of days to help it recover but by tomorrow morning I expected it to be
back on duty and playing its part in training the new sluts.  Also, once it felt
well enough it could remove the pins and butt rod.  It nodded feebly its
understanding of my instructions.

It was far too weak to move under its own efforts but Debbie and Kathy untied
it, by which time the bleeding had largely stopped.  This probably restarted a
little as they carried it between them to the recovery room nearby, set aside
for bitches to repair after the more severe punishment or training session. 
This contained a wooden panel on which it could rest, although it would be
shackled by one ankle.  It would be left there overnight rather than be returned
to its cage.  There was even a bucket for any toilet requirements that it could
use freely.




Chap 7:- Little and Large

My initial plan was to briefly refer to the processing of the last 3 bitches of
the day.  As I'm using the same general method to introducing their training I
feared it could become repetitive.  However, apart from a tendency to be through
[OK pedantic!], a major reason for those stories is venting frustration with the
world in general.  Between the London bombings and a pretty shitty Friday at
work I had a lot of venom to dispose of.  Al Quada's self-styled deity was
unavailable for emergency brain surgery despite me having the hacksaw, drill,
hammer etc all ready for him.  Hence the bitches get it!  They can be thankful
they haven't been treated with the serum yet, restricting what I can do to them. 
[For the moment :) ]

If you think this might be a bit repetitive just read the 1st section of this
chapter and chapter 9 and ignore what happens to September, November and
February!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


	There was a little time before the electrical punishment finished and
the tutor bitches moved to release their charges and return them to the cages. 
I watched on TV, flicking from cell to cell.  It was only after this that I
concentrated on one cell as Carol, deputising for the injured Jane, visited cell
4.  It released August and herded the weeping slut back into its cage,
restraining it as normal with its leash tied to the front of the cage and then
the ankle shackles to the rear.  It was instructed firmly to stop whining and
keep quiet.

I was far more interested as Carol approached July's cage.  It knelt, careful
not to block the view of the cameras and checked briefly that the five clamps
were still in place.  Then, one at a time starting with the left breast, it
pulled the clamp, bringing a cry from the slave, which increased as the clamp
was turned through 90 degrees, before it was unclipped.  By the time the 2nd
breast had been bared the bitch was whimpering pitifully and I was amazed it
managed to say nothing as the three lower ones were similarly removed.  Even
more surprising, although I could see its belly bulging, the cage floor was
still dry.  Carol rubbed its bruised cunt lips for a minute or so to confirm
this bringing more moans from July then asked.   "Do you want the privilege of
pissing bitch?"  It started to speak, being stopped by a sharp slap, then
remembered its orders and nodded eagerly.  Carol slowly untied it and the bitch
painfully backed out of the cage, gasping a couple of times, possibly just at
the swinging of its battered boobs, then was led, still on hands and knees to
the bucket.  It was allowed to crouch over it and pissed for a long time,
gasping with relief as the pressure faded from its bladder.

I watch casually as July was returned to its cage then after a couple of minutes
selected a ball to see what bitch came next.  Because of the delay caused by
July I had decided to only process 6 bitches today but that would still mean
working through another 3.  The number was 9 and I thought no rest for the
wicked and sent Carol a jab to summon it and order it to collect September.

When this arrived it was directed to the table and legs spread while Carol
started to bind them.  Its head twitched nervously from side to side.  I said.
"Right bitch.  We're running behind schedule so lets get a move on.  The
specials to your tits first."

"Please...  Please don't hurt my breasts any more."  Its voice was cracking,
partly in fear but possibly more because it was hoarse with its earlier
screaming.  It also tried twisting to bring its arms up to cover it but as they
were shackled behind it this failed totally.

I was standing at the opposite side of the table and responding rapidly.  Both
hands shot out to grasp the facing breasts and squeezing tightly.  This was a
little more difficult with this bitch because its breasts were notoriously small
but I managed to get a good grip, digging my fingers in.  It screamed loudly,
arching its back in pain, but unable to pull back far enough to break my grip. 
After about 5  seconds, I stopped, leaving the boobs cupped in my hands but only
cupping them relatively lightly and said, " what, those tits?".  Its cry changed
to a subdued sob and its shoulders shook, enabling me to feel its breasts
jiggling entertainingly in my hands.

"Now bitch.  Was that the best of starts, insisting you want more pain?"  It
started to shake its head but stopped in fear that it angered me further and
stayed silent. I lowered my right hand to felt the upper part of its shaven cunt
and asked.  "Is there anything you should be telling me bitch?  Think carefully
before you answer."

It opened its mouth, possibly to complain or ask for mercy but had totally
forgotten that during the night October had spoken to it.  After a nervous pause
it shook its head slowly.

"So your saying no crimes were committed during the night?"  It's head shot up
as its suddenly remembered and opened its mouth.  I slapped it, fairly lightly,
more to stop it than really hurt.  "Too late bitch.  You should have told the
truth when you had the chance."  It started babbling it had forgotten and I
slapped its left breast, harder this time, making it yelp.  Even its small boob,
such as it was, bounced entertainingly.  "Be quiet slave, unless you're eager to
earn more punishment."  This shut it up, apart from a low murmur of pain.

"During the night October spoke to you and you responded.  The two of you
chatted away for about 20 minutes and were both less than respectful to your
owner.  That in itself would earn you a heavy punishment.  Your attempt to hide
those crimes only makes it worse."  I paused at this point and it opened its
cocksucker to plead.  I raised my hand to strike but whether it sensed my
movement or simply remembered in time, it kept quiet.

"For each of those crimes you will suffer an additional 50 normal strokes and 8
specials, adding 150 and 24 respectively.  That will hopefully teach you some
manners."

It gapped at the punishment but fear won out over anger and after a brief pause
closed its cocksucker again in resignation. 

	"Let's get moving.  We're wasted enough time."  I said as I stepped back
and Carol moved up behind September, grasping it firmly around the waist.  This
nudged it forward against the table and it wobbled awkwardly for a few seconds. 

	What drove it back was the first blow of the crop across its breasts. 
The sheer impact of the blow did some of this then it recoiled in agony, driving
Carol back a step until it steadied and pushed forward again.  The slave was
still screaming when I struck again, driving its tits back again.  Although
small they still folded around the crop as it drove deep into its flesh. 
September's scream was cut short as the sheer level of the pain took its breath
away.    It stood there for a few seconds gasping frantically as it sought to
find the air to cry out again.   Before it could, I hit the 3rd blow, this time
catching both nipples.  Briefly I wondered it if would have some sort of seizure
as it froze with the shock.  A deep cry began to escape from its lips and
continued as I struck the 4th and final blow of the session.

	I stepped back and Carol pushed it forward and the ongoing tone became a
low cry, "Nooo!" as it struggled for a couple of seconds to avoid falling then
started to plummet.  It struck the metal covering on the table with an audible
splat that was followed by a low, guttural moan of anguish.  Its head dropped
and it squirmed a little in its agony.

	I had meanwhile turned to Carol, who folded its arms behind it and
thrust forward its breasts, awaiting the punishment.  I took about 3 minutes to
give it the 6 blows, full weight as it expected and by the end it was crying and
shaking its head a little, trying to manage the pain.  Its breasts looked
beautify, crossed by the welts, cutting across both nipples and their aureoles. 
They were heaving with the gasps of breath and I caressed them gently, enjoying
tracing the welts with my fingers and watching its eyes as it flinched at the
touch.

	Carol's breath recovered enough that it was able to gasp out a brief
word of thanks for the punishment and I passed it the crop to put away and
turned to September.  I grabbed its hair and hooked it around my fingers, then
formed a fist and pulled it up to a vertical position.  It had fallen quiet,
either buried in its own pain or nervously hearing Carol's punishment, but
squealed when I pulled it up by the hair.

	"Well bitch.  Don't you want to thank your master?"

	"What?  You expect  Aaaah."  Its complaint was cut short by my left fist
punching into its abdomen.  Its head started to dip until I pulled it back up
again.

	"Please.  No more.  Ughh!"  The 2nd punch cut its complaint short again. 
I followed up by a slap to its face.  That was probably more sound than fury as
the mask provided some protection while I didn't want to hurt my hand.  However
its head was probably ringing and it stayed silent.

	I gave it a couple of minutes to catch its breath then asked it "Bitch. 
Are you going to talk without permission again?"  To rub home the point I moved
my hand and the knuckles of my fist rubbed lightly against the bitch's torso,
where I had landed the 1st punch.  It jerked in terror and its cocksucker opened
but it wisely said nothing and after a few seconds it nervously shook its head.

"Are you now ready to apologise and thank me for disciplining you?"  It froze
for a few seconds then reluctantly nodded its head.

	"Go on then slave."

	"Master... "  A pause, then it continued, its voice quaking with
tension.  "Master, thank you for punishing..., for punishing me.  I apologise
for my misbehaviour."  It quaked again nervously, wondering if that would be
enough.

	"That's better bitch."  I said quietly, patting it on the head like a
pet.  This was with the hand that had been hitting it, my other hand still in
its hair, helping to hold it upright.

	"I'll have to punish you further for your disobedience in not displaying
gratitude properly."  This brought a moan of despair from it but I continued. 
"However I'll be generous.  Another 100 more normal points but no more specials. 
That is if you start behaving.  Understand!"  The last was accompanied by a
shake of its head, courtesy of the hand in its hair.  It nodded nervously,
limited by the grip on its hair and I motioned to Carol.  It had largely
recovered, at least its self-control, although the welts across its tits still
stood out magnificently.  "Mark it up."  I said and Carol picked up a pen, moved
over to the other side of September and crossed out the score on its right tit
and added in the new number.  I checked this was correctly 250 points higher
than the previous value.

	I relaxed my grip on the slut's hair and stepped back.  It was breathing
heavily and shook its head briefly as revealing in the freedom from my grip.

	"Now there are the standard punishment points.  Each day during your
training session you will get the chance to lower this by 30."  I continued on
with the rules, making clear that the score could go up as well as down.  Then
concluded with the bit I knew it would dread.  "Right bitch, down on the table
so you can have your arse tanned."

	It paused at the thought of lowering its battered boobs onto the table,
especially since it knew it would land hard, bound as it was.  I punched its
abdomen again, hard, and said, "Get on with it!"  It exhaled in agony, bending
over, quivered nervously as it struggled to avoid overbalancing.  "Move it
bitch!" I said placing my hand on its back and pushing and with a squeal it
fell, landing with a thud that took its breath away.

	Carol moved quickly to transfer its lease to the front and tie the slut
down.  While it did so I stroked September's cunt and arse and reminded it to
stay quiet during the punishment.  It squirmed slightly under my touch but said
nothing, even when I slipped a couple of fingers inside it and also lightly
pinched its lips.  After a couple of minutes it started to breath a bit heavier
and I felt some dampness, so I stopped, using its hair to wipe some juice off my
hand even as it gave a loan moan of frustration.

	I motioned to Carol and it brought the strap to me.  I shook it loose
and took a couple of practice swings then brought it down hard on September's
arse.  It yelled in surprise and pain and as the welt started to rise I stopped
and said angrily "Didn't I say keep quiet bitch!"  It moaned then started to
mutter an apology, which I cut short with a scowled  "Just keep quiet slut", and
a slap of its arse.

	I stayed silent for the next 3 strokes then moaned again on the 5th and
cried out on the 6th.  "Damn it slut!"  I responded then turned to Carol and
said.  "Gag it!"  Once this was done I get September the rest of its strokes
quickly, in two sets of about a dozen each, allowing a small breather.  By the
end of this its arse and upper thighs were well reddened

	Time was getting on so while I caressed its arse, enjoying the heat and
the way it squirmed and fidgeted at my touch I had Carol ungagged it and insert
the dildo into its mouth.  It was instructed not to drop this and left while
Carol knelt and used its skilled and so experienced mouth on my cock.  After a
couple of minutes, despite my earlier exertions, I was getting ready and it was
only with an effort of willpower that I tapped Carol's head and motioned it to
withdraw.  The condom was quickly fitted and I turned rapidly and started
thrusting into September's cunt.  I was not surprised to hear the dildo fall
almost immediately as it gasped in shook and pain and I motioned Carol to take
up position in front of it.

	A couple of times I think it tried to complain but Carol; was well
trained and each time September started to speak it got a firm slap and after
the 2nd attempt it decided to stay silent.  I grabbed it firmly by the back of
its waist and gripped tightly as I increased the speed of my thrusts and after a
few more minutes started feeling control go.  With one final thrust I managed to
drive deeper inside it, bringing a guttural moan from it then started pumping my
sperm into its battered cunt.

	As with the others I then fell forward, to rest my weight on its body
for a few minutes, both recovering by breath and increasing the pressure on it. 
It was gasping and sobbing beneath me and I began to feel myself start to
harden. There were still two more bitches to process after this one so I pushed
myself back up, with a firm pressure on its shoulder blades, bringing another
cry from it as the tits were ground into the tabletop.  I extracted myself
fairly quickly, saying "Not bad bitch.  However you weren't making any effort. 
You need to do some work to make yourself a more entertaining fuck for your
master or you're never be a decent slave slut."  Whether it actually heard me
was unclear as it just kept sobbing.

	I moved forward and picked up the dildo then slapped its face with it
and said, sounding angry, "I told you to hold this bitch.  Can't you do anything
right you lazy slut."  This silenced it for the moment and it waited fearfully
for my next response.  "I also told you it would be better for you to wet it but
you didn't do that either.  Never mind, I'll lubricate it for you."

	As before it expected the dildo to be inserted in its cunt and the
mustard coated prod being rammed up its arse both surprised and frightened it
greatly.  It struggled as much as it could against its bounds until I stopped
the pressure and while I help the butt-plug half was into it with one hand
leaned forwards.  Reaching around its arms my left hand grasped its breast,
squashed as tightly as I could and twisted.  Its head jerked up and it howled
with agony but I continued the pressure or about 10 more seconds before I
finally let go.  It juddered as it tried to feed air back into its lungs, at the
same time still trying to sob out its anguish.  I gave it a few seconds to
recover then leaned forward again and cupped its breast, which it was trying to
hold off the table by twisting to the right as far as its bounds allowed.  It
froze and even stopped crying for the moment and I could almost feel an
exhilarating flood of sheer terror flowing from it. 

	"Now bitch.  Are you going to continue squawking and fidgeting or are
you going to stay still while I finishing sticking this up your arse!"  There
was a moment of tension then I continued.  "If you don't stay still I'll show up
how much harder I can squeeze."  I gently tightened my fingers around its
breast, struggling a bit because of its small size.  There was one loud squawk
from it then it stayed very still, apart from heavy breathing.  I increased the
pressure just a little then let go and straightened up say - "That's better. 
You can behave if you try.  But you better not make another sound.  Understand!" 
It nodded its head a couple of times in understanding then the head drooped in
resignation.

I inserted the plug the rest of the way, thrusting hard, with no response from
the slave except a couple of quickly suppressed moans, even when I jerked it
sidewards inside the cunts body.  Finally it was in far enough for me to
activate the springs, locking it in place and bringing some new jerks and
shudders of agony from it.  I slapped its right arse cheek as hard as I could
and snapped.  "Be still!"  The flesh turned even redder from the blow and
wobbled entertainingly for several seconds.  It clamped down on the scream that
the blow prompted.

	"Right bitch.  Nearly finished for today.  All your got to do is clear
up the mess you made."  It didn't know what to make of this but its cocksucker
opened wide when I yanked its head up by its hair and I inserted my cock and
said "Clean!"

	I let go of its hair and the head dropped slightly.  It gagged at the
taste but started to lick and suck and made no opposition even when my slightly
stiffening cock was jabbed into the back of its throat a couple of times. 
However then I pulled back to allow it to complete its task, advising it how to
remove and swallow the condom and then give my cock a final clean.

	After it had finished I restored my clothing and told it "There bitch. 
That wasn't so bad was it.  You will need to put some effort into the fucking
rather than just lying there passively but experience will help there."  It
sobbed a couple of times but said nothing while Carol untied its feet and leash. 
The last I saw was its reddened arse as it was led back to its cage.

	I gave myself 5 minutes for a rest and then picked the next ball. 
Couldn't help a small chuckle at the contrast when I saw it was an 11.  After
the slut with the smallest tits November was one of the two that qualified as
oversized.  A quick pain jab summoned Debbie and I told it to fetch its charge. 
I was worried that the day was getting a bit repetitive, apart from July's
violence, but knew that would be one problem with training so many slaves at the
same time.  However hopefully I could also have some fun with this.

	November, at about 5'7" was probably the largest of the bitches, as well
as being broader in the breast and waist.  It dwarfed the smaller and slimmer
Debbie as the latter brought the slave in, encouraging it with a touch or two of
a strap to its arse.  However, even before it had become my property Debbie had
put a lot of effort into keeping fit and was now on a considerably more rigorous
training regime.  With the experience of pain it had and compliance with orders
I was fairly certain that if they fought Debbie would win decisively.  After a
couple of months of training it would be a much closer run thing but the idea
was definitely tempting.

It was directed to the table then Debbie had it spread its legs and knelt to
start strapping them in place while I approached.  November gasped and pulled
away slightly as I grabbed its left breast and started to maul it, not painfully
so but probably uncomfortably for it.  "Stay bitch.  You weren't given
permission to move were you?"

	It flinched, paused for a moment then opened its cocksucker to say
"Please, why are you doing this?  Why willn't you   Aaaagh".  Its rabbiting was
cut short as my left fist buried itself deep into its sizeable right bag. 
Accompanying this I tightened my right hand, digging the fingers into its flesh. 
It screamed the sound echoing around the room as its back arched and head was
thrown back in its pain.  I continued the tight grip for several seconds, then
twisted my wrist , stretching its breast flesh, before letting go.  Its breast
were heaving now as it fought to replace the breath torn from its body and I
noticed the pattern my fingers hand made digging into its boob.

	"Happy now slut, or are you going to ask for more pain?"  It moaned and
after a short pause shook its head.  "Right then let's get on with things.  The
first step is the specials to those tits you're just had mauling my hands." 
This brought a deeper moan from it, mixing continued pain with increased terror,
the latter predominating as it made no other sound.

	I stopped and said, "Actually, before that, is there anything you should
be saying?"  I knew it and December had not spoken during the night but the
question gave the option of causing concern and possibly prompting a response
that earned some further punishment.  Also, if I only asked bitches who had
something to confess and they realised that, it would be too much of a
give-away.

	It stopped whimpering as it thought for a while then slowly shook its
head.  "Sure?" I asked and saw its lower lip quiver with fear but it nodded
again.

	"Good slave."  I said and stroke the first blow with the crop.  It bit
deep into the bitch's boobs, just above its nipples and it froze in shock, its
cocksucker opening.  Even while it was drawing in breath to scream I struck
again, this time with an upstroke from underneath the breasts.  This bit even
deeper into them, making the large orbs jump a couple of inches at the impact. 
They jiggled entertainingly as I let the crop drop.  The scream that finally
emerged from November's throat was impressive, although you could tell if torn
at an already sore throat.

	I gave it a moment to recover while also bracing myself for an heavier
blow.  "Pleeese.  I can't take any...  Aaaaah."  The plea was cut short by me
dropping the crop and motioning Debbie out of the way, I step quickly behind
November.  I reached around its shoulders and grabbing both breasts, digging the
fingers in and squeezing tightly.  Its head rocked back as far as it could,
narrowly missing my chin and I started fearing for my hearing.  After several
seconds it stopped, its lungs exhausted and started to breath in again.  I gave
both boobs a vicious twist, rotating in opposite directions causing it to tense
then dropped them, moved my hands behind it and pushing.  The partial intake of
air came out in a new wail as it fell forward to hit the tabletop with a loud
thud.

	I gave it about 5 seconds then reached forward with my right hand,
grabbed some hair and hauled it back up to the vertical.  Leaning forward I
spoke into its left ear "Yakaty bitch aren't you?  Are you going to be quiet
now?"  Its mouth was drawn into a grimmer and I saw more lines of tension as my
left hand started to play with its left breast, tugging and twisting at its
nipple.  After a couple of seconds it managed a small nod then a firmer one,
which pulled at its own hair still tightly gripped by my hand.  I relaxed the
grip of my right hand a bit, while still mauling with the left as I went on.

	"I don't mind a bitch crying out a bit under training.  After all, that
suggests its being done right!  However I don't like them jabbering away.  A
slut should be felt and not heard.  Understand!"  It nodded again.

	"Even less do I like a bitch trying to tell me what it can and can't do. 
As your owner I'll decide that.  IS THAT CLEAR!"  As well as shouting the last
sentence into its ear I emphasised the point more effective by grabbing its
nipple hard, twisting as far as I could then yanking the nubbin of flesh hard to
the left.  It howled, its voice breaking with a sob as I finally released the
tortured flesh.  For a minute or so I let it recover its breath and possibly a
little composure, hair still gripped loosely in my right and those full boobs
heaving as the bitch pulled air back into its lungs.  For a few moments I
thought it might be hyperventilating but it started to calm down.

	"However I am prepared to be generous.  For each of your two
interruptions you will be awarded 8 specials and 50 normal punishment points. 
Other than that I am willing to allow you to start today's special again.  You
may speak bitch to thank your master for his generosity."  It froze as the
implications sank in.  Not only had it been given the promise of much, much more
pain.  Its breasts, already sore and aching, probably hurt more than any others
except July's, would still have to undergo another 4 strokes.  And it would have
to speak to thank me for the process.

	It breathed in, opened its cocksucker and stalled.  A second time it
tried and seemed to gag on the words.  To help it I reached around to nip both
nipples between fingers and start to rub them.  Not hard but probably painfully
enough given their bruised nature and warning of more to come.  "What's the
matter?  You can't shut up when your not supposed to speak.  Now your given
permission to politely thank you're master you can't get a word out."

	The implied threat in both actions and voice broke the dam of
resistance.  "Please master.... Please.. forgive me for ... for my
disobedience."  I tightened my grip ion the nipples and tugged both slightly and
it got the message.  "Master...  Thank you for being so generous with your
slave."

	"That's better slut.  It's so easy when you just behave, isn't it?"  I
let go of the nipples and ran a hand down its left flank as I bent to pick up
the crop.  It was exhilarating the way the slave shivered in terror at my touch.

	I picked up the crop and holding it just touching November's nipples,
reminded it.  "Now you can beg to take today's specials."

	It shuddered but either was totally broken, at least for the moment, or
just desperate to get things over with.  The words came out like a torrent. 
"Master, please beat my breasts.  Please hurt them."

	"Not to worry bitch I will.  Just remember no more nattering,
understand!"  To emphasise the point I flicked the crop upwards tapping its
nipples.  It jumped and nodded eagerly.

	I stepped to one side and motioned Debbie forward to hold its back so it
could not escape.  Examined November's breasts carefully I noticed the bruises
already rising and the welts I had made earlier.  It also gave time for the
bitch to grow nervous, awaiting the blow it knew was coming.

	My initial blow was a horizontal one, catching at least one nipple and
again digging deep into its flesh, as well as crossing one of the earlier welts. 
It screamed and jerked but Debbie tightened its grip on its shoulders and
prevented it moving too much.  Again my second was an upswing, catching the
previous welts and lifting the breasts again.  The scream became an howl as they
bobbled  enchantingly.  I gave a brief pause before the third blow, both to
position myself and give it a chance to make a comment.  It sobbed loudly a
couple of times but said nothing.  My third blow scythed down from high and hit
the upper part of its breasts.  I followed up quickly with the fourth,
horizontal but slightly below the nipples, pressing the lower folds of its boobs
against the rib cage.

	After the last blow Debbie relaxed its grip and November wavered a
little before gaining control and restoring its balance.  It continued to heave
those battered breasts as it struggled to gain control over the pain.   I looked
at Debbie and said "Your turn now bitch."  It looked puzzled for a second then
remembered it was due a share of what November had earned.  Its face clouded
briefly and its head dipped but it stepped back to make room and folded its arms
behind it.

	"It got 16 and you get a quarter so that's only 4 bitch."  I said as I
stepped forward and positioned myself.  Debbie closed its eyes and braced itself
and I swung the first blow hard and downward.  Its breasts folded around the
crop as it bit deep then bounced back the flesh already starting to welt.  Three
more quickly followed, the last finally prompting a cry from the trained slut as
it caught both nipples.  I tossed the crop back onto the table and raised both
hands to cup and fondle the breasts, not too hard but forcing it to wince as I
brushed along the rising welts.  Trained as it was, it breathed a bit deeper and
pushed its breasts into my hands then responded "Thank you master."  It was with
some difficulty that I resisted the urge to fuck it there and then.

	I turned and moved back to November, still standing although its
breathing had calmed and it had almost stopped sobbing.  The breasts were
already looking magnificent, with the slashes of the crop complementing the
bruising from the mauling to make a chaotic but enjoyable pattern of pain. 
Again I had to push down a stab of sexual excitement as I resisted the urge to
lay into them again.  Not that it would not be enjoyable but I didn't want to
harm it too much and be forced to give it the serum, to prevent serious damage
before I was ready.  Also it was still useful to allow it the illusion that good
behaviour would seriously moderate the amount of pain it would suffer.

	Instead, while my left hand cupped and gently fondled its left breast my
right pulled lightly on its hair as I said "Well?"

	"Master?" it asked, puzzled as it had missed Debbie's prompt during its
own agony.

	I tightened my grip on its breast and felt it squirm in agony but trying
to stay still for fear of angering me further.  My other hand dropped to its
right breast and began to squeeze that.  It gasped then, fear overcoming
caution, said quickly.  "Master, please.  What have I done wrong?"  There was
the same note of pleading in its voice as earlier but this time it was desperate
to please, albeit probably to stop the pain.

	"Hasn't a stupid slut forgot its manners?"  I said and tightened my grip
a bit further.  It groaned again but I could almost hear it desperately
thinking.  After a few seconds it said quickly "Master, thank you for punishing
me."

	"Better."  I said, " but very slow you lazy slut."  I tightened my grip
further, digging the nails into its flesh for about 5 seconds and its back
arched with anguish before I let go.  It straightened, gasping with relief and
again heaved those breasts as it breathed deeply.  I noticed its body was coated
in sweat with more running down its back.  After a couple of seconds it gasped
"Thank you for reminding me master."

	I accepted this final plea and gave it a couple of minutes to rest up. 
I realised I had been harder on it than the earlier bitches, in part because of
my own boredom and impatience as time was running short.  This was no problem in
terms of the suffering of the slut, which was immaterial but I didn't like
loosing my self-control.

	"Right bitch, next stage is the normal punishment strokes."  It groaned
quietly then gasped when I pushed home the implications.  "So get down bitch so
I can thrash your arse!"  The idea of lowering its tortured boobs onto the hard
metal surface, then supporting the weight of its body on them while being
punished further horrified it.  If it had known the full details of what was to
come it would doubtlessly have been even more terrified.

	I have it a few seconds to move by its own volition then, as it still
hesitated I punched it hard in the back and said "Get moving bitch."  It gasped
then started to lower itself cautiously.  I lost patience and gave it a shove
and with a wail it fell forward, braking its descent with the inevitable thud as
it hit the table.  It rocked in agony for a few seconds while Debbie moved
forward to pull its leash down and tie it in place.  The bitch tried to resist
this, moaning and starting to murmur until I slapped its arse hard and said
"Silence."

	I gave Debbie a minute or so to make sure the bitch was secured and then
quickly ran through the rules.  Since time was important and I was losing
interest I moved quickly to start lashing its butt hard.  I stopped once to
admonish it for crying out and having it gagged then presumed the hard pounding. 
By the time I had finished I was sweating a bit myself and it was moaning
pitifully, while its rear was a mass of criss-crossing welts and bruises.  I
took a few moments to gather my breath then placed the belt to one side and gave
it a full-strength slap on its right cheek that echoed around the room and
warmed my hand, while its flesh vibrated sensually.  It arced its back and
screamed again, this time clearly through its gag.  I moved my hand back onto
its cheek, caressing it and luxuriating in the heat it was radiating.  I enjoyed
the sensation, including it wiggling in discomfort at my touch.  Its ragged
breathing slowly calmed and I moved onto the next stage.  The butt plug it held
reluctantly, not realising what it was, drool already dripping from its
cocksucker in exhaustion.  I let Debbie start to suck me, but was already
excited enough by my exertions and the effects on November that I had to push it
away after only a few seconds.  It landed with a squawk on its rear and I
couldn't resist a grin at the look of surprise and indignation on its face. 
However I waited while it got back to its knees and installed the condom, its
skilled fingers working quickly but careful not to excite me more than a
minimum.

	Turning I whacked November's right cheek again, prompting a new jerk
from it and said "Now to see if your any good bitch."  I closed quickly and
started thrusting vigorously into its cunt.  It squawked again and I heard the
plug drop to the floor.  A few seconds later it started pleading  "No, No,
pleas...",  only to be silenced by Debbie slapping it hard, the sound audible
even over my forceful pounding of the bitch.

	Despite having a strenuous day I managed to perform quite well, pounding
into the bitch for about 10 minutes before starting to pump my sperm into it. 
As usual I then fell forward onto the bitch, using it as a cushion while I
rested for a couple of minutes.  Then I heaved myself up off its shoulder,
grinding its tits further into the table and bringing another moan from it.

	"Well bitch.  You're a pretty crap fuck slut.  You'll need to work on
that if your going to get any value at all on the market.  Still, plenty of time
to get some practice in."  I rounded off the verbal abuse with a stinging slap
to its arse that shook its entire body and brought another cry from it.

	I moved around the table and picked up the plug.  "You couldn't even
keep your cocksucker shut when you're making some use of it.  Not very damp
either.  See what we can do about that."  I followed up quickly by coating it
with mustard and ramming it firmly up the bitch's arse.  It moaned and gasped
but was either too exhausted or too scared to convert its discomfort into words. 
Only when I activated the springs to lock the plug into place did it cry again
then sob. "Please, take it out of"  Its complaint was cut short by another firm
slap to its arse and a warning "Shut it slut!".

	After that getting it to clean my cock and swallow the condom was
relatively short and simple.  When it was finished I said.  "So much easier when
you behave isn't it slut.  Don't you wish you had saved yourself a lot of pain
by doing things right from the start.  Would have been so much easier on those
baps wouldn't it."  To make my point I reached under it and squeezed both boobs
for several seconds, having it arc its back again and cry out.  "Anyway, you
will do better next time, willn't you slut!"

	It murmured a desperate promise and I slapped it again and told Debbie
"Take this bitch back to its cage.  I'm finished with it for today."  Debbie
untied its leash and then its legs and November gingerly picked itself up and
was led away by Debbie tugging on its lease.  It walked carefully, not to
mention awkwardly, struggling to handle the plug now deep up its arse as well as
the ache of its tits as they bobbed when it moved.




Chap 8:- The 6th slut

That left only one bitch to train before I called it a day.  I had been aware
that after the initial slut all the next four had come from the latter half of
the calendar.  Although the odds were 5-2 against it, if the last bitch also
came from the same section I decided I would have to check none of the balls had
gone missing.  I even made an attempt at a quick count as I gave them a
prolonged rummage through them, before selecting a ball.  After a couple of
seconds I looked and saw the sequence was broken.   A quick jab of pain summoned
Janine and I told it to fetch February.

The two main a contrasting pair when Janine led it into the training cell a few
minutes later.  Both were blonde but that was about all they had in common. 
Janine, at nearly 6' towered over the shorter February and was slim and athletic
looking.  The trainee was shorter but fuller figured, not as large as November
but well equipped with two attractive legs and a fine pair of boobs I was aching
to apply the crop to.  I also knew, from having seen its pictures often, its
arse was one of its best features.  However I was determined that would be
improved by a good session with the belt.

Unfortunately it was another undisciplined chatterer.  Even as Janine pushed it
to the side of the table it started spouting garbage.  "Look.  This is
senseless.  You're going to fuck us. I realise that.  Also you like to hurt us. 
I've played a bit with blokes along those lines.  But there's no way you can
keep us all as slaves so lets sort out some sort of deal."

I was more than a little surprised by this outburst.  After what it had
experienced it should have known better.  Probably however it did not yet fully
realise the situation it was in.  Also there may have been frustrated by a day
of pain and isolation and driven by desperation to try something to affect its
circumstances.  It would learn how wise that step was.

Janine, which had been kneeling to bind its feet looked up with shock, its
cocksucker opening in anger at its master being addressed in such a way. 
Possibly also some fear as it knew February was drawing the noose around both
their necks.  However I motioned it to silence and the look changed to one of
horror when I said "Your right." 

"That's better, now  Uggh"  Its prattle was cut short as my fist dug deep into
its torso, connecting well with its solar plexus.  Its breath gushed out and it
bent forwards in pain.  Before it could recover my fist struck again, this time
full into its left boob, bringing a new squawk from its lips and jerking its
upper torso backwards.  Before it could fall backwards my left hand moved
forwards to grab its other boob.  The initial contact checked its retreat before
my grip slipped slightly on its flesh, but I moved quickly to renew my grip,
bringing a whine from it as my grip tightened.  Its cocksucker opened again but
my 2nd punch to its breast made it snap shut again.  This gave me time to place
the 3rd and put my full weight behind it.  The momentum from this was too much
for my grip on its other boob and as it screamed again it started to fall
backwards.  However Janine had risen to its feet and grabbed February's
shoulders, absorbing the impact and then nudging it forward again.

My right hand snaked out, this time to grab its left breast, digging the fingers
into its bruised flesh.  It tried to recoil even as its back arced in pain but
Janine stood firm behind it will I balanced the load with three quick punches to
its other breast.  Then I simply tightened my grip a little further on its left
breast and yanked it forward.  It was already virtually delirious with the agony
and slammed unresistingly into the table, lying there moaning with its head
handing over the edge.  I nodded at Janine, "Now tie that sluts legs wide."  It
gave me a grin and dropped down to work.  I saw February jerk and its left cheek
twisted as its leg was pulled out even as it moaned senselessly.

By the time Janine was completing its right leg it was start to revive, still
moaning but shaking its head slightly.  I grabbed a fist of hair in my left hand
and brought its head up, increasing the volume of its cries but nothing very
coherent.  I raised it further until it was stretched across the table and its
boobs bobbed enticingly, its lips pressed together in a grimace.  The slap of
its breast rang around the room and jerked it into sudden spasm, even as my hand
stung with the impact and the breast swung freely in response. 

I gave it a couple of seconds then shook its head vigorously a few times.  "Had
enough yet bitch?"  I demanded sternly.

It sagged in my grip, shook its head feebly, despite the additional pain that
must have caused and started to mumble.   It took a few seconds to realise its
was saying.  "Please, no more."  Another firm slap to its breast sent it
wobbling again as I said "Silence slut!"  It yelped.  I gave it a few more
seconds then said.  "Are you going to be quiet now."  After a couple of seconds
it feebly nodded its head.  "Fine" I said as I loosened my grip.  It may have
mumbled a cry before its breasts broke its fall again.

I slowly walked around the table to stand behind it.  Janine had tied its legs
wider than bitches were normally bound, which meant it was pulled lower and the
edge of the table was cutting into its abdomen.  After a short pause its
laboured breathing started to steady and I reached over, grabbed its hair and
pulled it up, with a slow steady pressure.  It yelped again and as I hauled it
vertical it sagged, hanging by its hair for nearly a minute until the pain from
its hair overwhelmed that in its gut and tits and its legs steadied.

"Let's recap the facts."  I said.  "We do have an arrangement.  You're my
property.  To do with as I will.  Your purpose is to serve, in ANY way I desire. 
Not to yap, complain, make demands of your own."

My left hand had reached up to cup its breast and I clutched it tight briefly
before letting go, to emphasis my point.  It gave a yelp of pain but wisely
stayed silent as I continued.  "We have a 50-50 relationship."  Its head jerked
at that and I grinned and continued.  "I have the power and privilege, you have
the duties and responsibility."  I gave that time to sink in and then went on. 
"That's the way it is and the way it stays.  At least until I sell you to your
next owner!"

It jerked at that and started to speak but stopped with a cry when I gave a
quick hard squeeze of its boob.  "That willn't happen however until you're
properly trained, which is a long way away.  So on to more immediate factors. 
Despite earlier warnings you have behaved appallingly and will have to be
punished.  However 1st of all we need to give you your normal training.  Your
wasted enough time so lets get a move on.  Understand!" I emphasised the point
by squeezing its breast again and it nodded weakly.

"Now, can you stand unaided?"  I asked and after a couple of seconds it nodded
nervously.    I released my grip on its hair and it wobbled unsteadily for
several seconds, then stabilised.  It still weaved a little, brushing my hand
with its breast as I kept it cupped just off the boob.  After a couple of
minutes it was standing more steadily and I removed my hand.  This enabled me to
get a clear view of its left breast, still firm and perky but now heavily
spotted with already darkening bruises over much of its surface.  I flicked the
nipple with a fingernail, causing it to cry out briefly and try to jump, the
latter prevented by its bounds.  This caused it to stagger again but recover its
balance fairly rapidly, which I took as a sign it was recovered enough to fully
benefit from the training.  There is no point in beating a unconscious bitch. 
It provides a lot less entertainment then one that's obviously feeling the pain
and is no benefit in training the slave.

"Right bitch, is there anything you should be reporting?"  I asked, my tone
inquisitorial.

Its head turned in my direction and it said "What?  You expect me...  Aaaaah". 
Its comment was cut short by the new blow to its tits.  It staggered slightly
but Janine moved up behind it and rested a palm on its shoulder stopping it
reeling further backwards.

Since its left boob hand been taking the bulk of the recent damage I reached
around to grab its right nipple pulling and squeezing it, bringing "Ohh!" from
the bitch.  I relaxed my grip slightly, keeping some tension in the nipple.
"Point 1.  You were not given permission to speak.  If you had nodded it would
have been instructed but its not your place to decide when you can talk."  I
pressed the point by doing the reverse, giving the nipple a quick tug and twist.

"Point 2.  When you are permitted to speak you will be respectful and polite,
especially to your betters.  Which at this point is everybody and everything
except you're fellow new slaves.  Your language and tone were nothing like
respectful!"  This time I squeezed the nipple with my full strength and pulled
and twisted it much further, stretching the nipple nearly an inch.  Its head
shot back as it howled with agony, then as I let go and the flesh snapped back
and its head dropped.  I allowed it to sob for about 30 seconds then it gave a
sudden intake of breath and froze in silence as my fingers rubbed its left
nipple.

"Now slut, shall we try again?  Is there anything you should be reporting?"  I
kept rolling my fingertip around its nipple, which actually started to stiffen
after a few seconds.  I continued for a few more seconds, then said.  "Well!"

It opened its cocksucker, made a small choking sound for a few seconds then said
"No master."  It was so quiet I barely made out the words and made it repeat
them.  This reinforced both my dominance and its humiliation.  I moved my hand
away and it breathed out deeply, whether in relief or frustration.

"That's good.  Its important that bitches report any infringement of the rules,
such as speaking without permission."  Being ready for it I heard its intake of
breath.  "That's a serious infringement.  But not as serious as lying to its
master!"  The last sentence was said with a distinctly different tone, making my
displeasure clear.

It shivered, then after a couple of seconds started saying.  "I'm sorry....  I
forgot....  Master ".  It got no further as I punched it again, this time in the
abdomen.  Given what was coming I thought its tits were already battered enough
so it would be more productive to switch the damage elsewhere.  It folded over,
crashing back down to the table and gasping with pain.

"Lying as I say, is a serious offence.  Repeating it compounds the problem. 
Also I don't like stupid slaves.  Or do you expect me to believe you like being
hurt so much your being this disobedient deliberately!"  It shook its head
weakly.

I gave it a minute then lifted it but its hair again.  It sobbed harder and
Janine suddenly gave a "Yuk" as I heard the splash of falling water.  Looking
over confirmed my thought that February was pissing itself.  Over the next
minute quite a large puddle formed between its spread legs.

When it had finally voided its bladder it stood there sobbing, head hanging, its
feet, despite their spread standing in its own piss.

"Now bitch, are you prepared to tell the truth?"  I prodded the point I had just
punched with a stiff finger and it gagged and then nodded weakly.

"Speak."

It stayed silent for a few more seconds then, just as I was preparing to hit it
again started to stutter.  "Pleaseee....  Master...  Forgive me."

"For what?"

"Master..."  It paused then resumed, speaking more steadily.  "Last night I
spoke with.."  It stopped when I placed a couple of fingers across its lip,
presumably puzzled.

"I presume you were going to name slave January bitch.  That you wouldn't be
stupid enough to refer to a now redundant identity that it would be pointless
and insulting to your owner to make."

As I lowered my fingers it paused, its cocksucker open in confusion and
uncertainty.  Its head dipped and it sobbed deeply a couple of times as it
realised it and its fellow slaves were to be denied all traces of their former
identities.  That if it tried to defy me it would face even more of the pain
that racked its body.  After a short pause it continued.  "I spoke with slave
January last night master."

So you lied earlier when denying it!"  It was an accusation rather than a
question.  The bitch nodded reluctantly.  However I made it speak the words, to
force the point home.

"Was it a brief word or an extended conversation?"  A long pause followed until
I prodded it in its bruised abdomen.  It moaned briefly then said "Ex...
extended master."

"So that is a more serious offence than a brief infringement?"  It reluctantly
nodded.  "Speak slut.  You wanted to earlier."

"Yes master."  The voice was quiet and reluctant.  Again I made it repeat it and
this time it spoke more clearly, its resistance fading. 

"So it deserves a harsher punishment?" 

It balked at that question until I prodded it again and reluctantly nodded then,
before I could poke it again said "yes master."

	"Who initiated the illegal conversation?"

	"I did master."

	I patted it lightly on the head.  "Well bitch.  It's took a long time,
but you finally told the truth."  I paused then continued.  "Now we have that
matter cleared up I can allocate a fair punishment.  Let me see."  I paused
while thinking things over.  "Speaking without permission.  Eight specials and
50 normal blows.  Lying is more serious.  Twenty specials and a hundred normals,
for each lie."  This was harsher than I had awarded before but I had decided to
make it aware of my anger and give it a lesson it would remember.

I heard a groan from Janine as it counted the number of blows it would receive
as a result of February's misbehaviour and ordered it to silence.

Your earlier cheek is a different matter and will be given a separate punishment
later."  I had already decided what that would be, including some retaliation
from Janine.  "Then there's your fouling the room.  But the standard punishment
will suffice for that.."

"Anyway."  I continued, "That's the summary of what you deserve.  You may thanks
your master and ask him to issue the punishment you deserve.  Then we can
actually start delivering that punishment, along with your training for today."

It gulped loudly and paused.  As the silence extended I encouraged it by
beginning to massage and pull as its nipple.  It sobbed a couple of times, then
as the pressure increased finally stammered out.  "Master.  Your slave...  It
thanks its master for deciding on its punishment."  It fell silent again and I
tightened my grip and started giving strong pulls that jerked its body so much
that Janine needed to hold its shoulders steady.  After the 5th pull the dam
broke and it hurriedly said "Master.  Please punish me for my crimes."

I turned back to February and pulled it up by its hair.  "Well?"  I asked.  It
wobbled for a few seconds before finding its balance and I asked again,
reinforcing my point by using my left hand to start playing, not too roughly,
with a nipple.  Even so it brought gasps of anguish from the slut. 

"Please master.  I don't understand.  What do you want?"

I was silent for a few more seconds and pulled harder at its breast.  Then said. 
"Should a respectful bitch not thank its master when it has received justifiable
punishment?"

Its cocksucker dropped open for a couple of seconds then the words flooded out
"Yes, master, thanks you master.  Thanks for hurting me master.  Thank you."  It
was so desperate I could feel myself hardening in response.

"That's enough slave" and it fell silent.  I groped and pulled at the breast for
a few more seconds then let go, also removing my hand from its hair.  It
staggered without the support, weaved a bit then steadied, gasping in air.

"Next stage is the normal punishment to the arse.  Right, down on the table." 
This brought a new cry from it but after a couple of seconds it started lowering
itself.  Given its weakened state is very quickly lost balance as tippled over
with a brief shriek, to again hit the tabletop.

I explained the rules while Janine tied February's leash down, pressing its
boobs against the table top.  It whimpered a couple of times when it heard what
was going to happen but reluctantly nodded when I asked if it understood.  It
became more active when I started laying into it with the belt, crying out,
although its voice was clearly going, and desperately trying to escape.  Because
it had me in a bad mood I was sweating by the time I finished and laid the belt
down on the table and it was producing little more than broken sobs.  The deep
welts I had laid into its arse left little of it unmarked and I fondled its
cheeks for a couple of minutes, with some light pinching before giving each of
them a firm slap. 

"Well let's get on. Time is passing." I said and explained the next stage while
Janine slotted the dildo into its cocksucker.  I was excited enough that I was
already pretty hard so I dispensed with Janine's services, fitted the condom and
started thrusting deep into its cunt.  It had been expecting to be fucked and
either through resignation or simple exhaustion made no complaint, just moaning
pitifully as I ground its body against the table.  Even when I finished and
dropped on top of it there was just a small gasp.

The butt plug made it gasp briefly but it had obviously been used this way
before as it slide in fairly easily, although it jerked a little when the
springs were released to lock it in place.  There was no resistance when I
slipped my cock into its cocksucker and had it clean the mess it had made,
although it struggled a bit to remove the condom.

I gave it 5 minutes rest, just lying gasping on the table, while I gave Janine
instructions.  Those brought a broad smile to its face as it see vengeance for
the beating it had taken.

Returning to February I lifted its head as far as it would go and said. "You
remember your insolent behaviour at the start of this session.  The total lack
of respect for your master."  It groaned in despair as it realised it's
suffering was not yet over.  "Its payback time scum."

Janine had picked up a leg spreader, some 4' in length and untied each ankle in
turn and tied them to the spreader.  This pushed its legs even further apart. 
It then fitted a chain to the spreader and moving over to a pulley began to tug,
lifting February's legs slowly into the air.  This imposed further strains on
the slave's body, especially as the legs rose above its torso, meaning its
weight was borne totally by its torso.  It was finally lifted about 45 only its
shoulders and breasts still on the table and the lease tightening around its
neck.  Before it got too tight I untied it.  The released tension and Janine's
further pulls meant it was dragged across the tabletop, further mauling its
boobs, the swinging in mid-air, bringing cries of terror from it.  Inertia
gradually slowed its swinging while Janine tugged it higher, all its weight now
on its spread ankles.  Finally I decided it was high enough and motioned Janine
to stop and tie the chain in place.  The final swings I stopped by simply
grabbing a breast and holding its body still.

It gasped for a few moments then calmed as it grew use to the position.  I
closed to stand in front of it and slowly started to rub its slit. Dipping a
finger in occasionally and gently massaging its lips and clit. 

"The problem is bitch.  While you're eager to take more punishment and have
definitely earned a lot more, I'm not sure how much more your body can take."

"Please.  No more master."

"Silent!" I said, stopping my fingers briefly to pinch its cunt lips hard and
twisting them .  Its body shook, despite the lack of slack in its posture it
tried to jerk to relieve the pain.  I held it a couple of seconds longer,
hearing a desperate mewing escaping from its cocksucker, then calmly resuming
stroking it. 

While I was doing this Janine knelt to one side, then the other of us.  It
clipped a clamp to each nipple, bringing a yelp from February.  On to each it
added a weight, in the form of a small bell.  Hanging upside down its breasts
were now stretched upwards and Janine demonstrated each was in place by tapping
each bell, bringing a musical tinkle to the scene.  It then rose and move to the
equipment area.

"I'm pretty certain your boobs can't take much more.  Your arse could but that's
getting boring.  So best to move onto pastures new."  It had started a quieter
moan and its cunt secreting a little moisture as its body responded to my
attentions, while its clit had started to protrude.  Now I felt its body tense
as the implications of my words sank in and a broken "Nooo.." escaped from its
lips.

I stepped back and held out my right hand.  Janine gave me the cane I had
selected earlier, a thin, springy one, which would really sting against its
tender flesh.

"All you have to do bitch, is count the strokes.  It's only 6.  And thank me at
the end of course."

"No.  Please.  Not."  I silenced it but nudging a breast with my foot, not a
kick but hard enough to make it sway a little.  The bells tinkled again and it
moaned.

"Well your right."  I paused then continued.  "I was going to be generous but
you do deserve more so make it 8 strokes."

It gasped again and I looked down at it and said "Or do you want to go for 10?" 
It shut up and shook its head desperately, rocking its body and reviving the
music.

"Right then.  Be Still!"  The last two words were a clear order and it froze. 

This didn't last when I brought the cane down, right on its slit.  Its entire
body jerked madly and a surprisingly loud scream tore from its tortured throat. 
The bells jumped but their ringing was drowned out by its cry.

As it calmed down you could hear them as its chest heaved in agony.  However
still largely overwhelmed by its babbling.  "No.  no, no more please.  You'll
cut me apart.  I can't, I can't take any more.  Oooh my poor cunt."

I let it sound off for about a minute then, as it grew quite again turned to
Janine and said "Slave Janine, did you hear a bitch count?"

It looked at me and just said "No master."

"Aah.  No.  One.  One blow."

"Too late bitch.  You need to reply within 30 seconds of the blow.  You
obviously think it wasn't hard enough so we will have to try a bit harder."

"Noooo!   Aaaah!"  The initial plea was cut short as another blow came down on
its lips.  Its body jerked violently again and the bells rang.  A series of
grunts and cries emerged from its cocksucker and it slowly settled, unable to
continue moving its body against its own weight.  I kept an eye on the clock and
after about 40 seconds it mumbled "One.  One, master.  Please no more."

Since I felt the bitch was near its current limit I decided to be generous and
allow the count to stand.  I also left it nearly a minute before I struck the
next blow.  This time its struggles were feebler as its strength faded.  It
actually made the count within the 30 seconds and I gave it a minute before the
next blow.

After the 6th its body sagged as it escaped into unconsciousness.  I ordered
Janine to give the slut the same two jabs as July had undergone earlier.  One of
antibiotics to reduce the danger of infection and one of stimulants to revive
it.  Both stuck deep into its bruised bags.

After a couple of minutes it started to groan as it came around.  I took the
chance to take a closer look at its cunt.  The region was nicely bruised itself
and inflamed from the blows it had received.  Even blowing lightly across it
made the slut gasp and wither in pain.  When I fingered the battered lips and
prodded where its clit had tried to hide behind its protective hood it jerked
again.

"Right bitch, ready to continue?"  I asked and before it could make a reply
stepped back and brought another blow down on it.  It yelled, surprisingly
loudly but hardly moved that much and broke briefly from its sobbing to gasp a
number.  This was actually one less than the actual count but I accepted it.

By the time the 8th counting blow had been issued it had take 11 in all and its
entire pubic region was red with some blooding and much inflammation.  Its body
hung limply as it was barely able to whisper a few words of thanks.

I checked the clock again and decided we had time for a little more fun before
the final act.  Turning to Janine I said. "This slut has caused you a lot of
pain bitch.  Would you like to thank it?"  Janine looked briefly at February's
battered carcass uncertainly then back at me and nodded briefly.  There was a
whimpered no from February but we both ignored it.

I handed Janine the cane and said, "Twelve strokes.  None to its cunt, I think
that's had enough fun but plenty of room on those thighs.  It nodded and landed
a couple of strokes before I stopped it.  Despite its height it was still a
couple of inches shorter than me and trying to aim at a higher target so having
difficulty directing its full strength to the blows.  I directed it to lower
February about 6" then resume.  This was much more successful and it was able to
work over the slut's upper thighs systematically.  For much of this time
February just moaned quietly and jerked occasionally.

Finally Janine had completed its task and I ordered it to lower February slowly
to the floor.  Pulling the latter's hair a little I was able to ensure it ended
up cunt side down and although the clamps remained in place I removed the bell
weights form its tits.  I gave it about 10 minutes rest while I played with
Janine's tits and cunt.  I was feeling excited again and allowed it to give me a
blow job, pulling out shortly before the end to coat much of its face with my
cum.  It smiled at the privilege and licked up strands that dribbled down then
cleaned my cock with its eager tongue.

We turned back to February, which was resting quietly on the floor.  I crouched
down beside it, resting one knee lightly on a shoulder and said "Right bitch,
all that's needed now is to clean up the mess you made and then you can go back
to your cage for a rest.  Next time I think you will behave a bit better willn't
you?"

It was confused and disorientated but had learnt enough to quickly gabble out a
rapid "Yes master.  I'll behave better next time", while probably dreading the
idea that it could go through anything like that again.  After a pause it
nervously spoke again "What mess master?"

I gave Janine a hand, lifting up the bitch and carrying it across the room until
it lay on the edge of the puddle of piss it had generated earlier.  I change my
grip on its hair, instead of holding its head up a little pushing it into the
pool and it gagged and spluttered as I said.  "Right.  Clean up that mess."

There was a last moment of rebellion as it sought to lift its head clear of the
piss and stammered out.  "What!  Drink my own piss.  What sort of pervert are
you.   Oooh".  The later was the response of my boot landing on its left thigh
and it fell silent.

	I knelt down on its torso, one knee across its buttocks and the other
the small of its back, pushing its hands, chained behind it and flapping feebly,
out of the way.  There was a long, low moan as my 14 stone increased its
discomfort considerably, especially as I leaned forward to reach down.

My right hand, after briefly jarring the plug protruding from its arsehole,
reached further round to pinch at the lower reaches of its cunt, tugging at the
bruised flesh and I felt it try and arch its back under me.  The other hand
stretched out the opposite way, reaching under its upper torso to grab the clamp
still on its left nipple and pull, dragging the bulk of the breast out from
under it, where I started to squeeze and knuckle it mauling it mercilessly. 
Again it moaned and struggled weakly but was unable to do anything to stop me. 

After about 10 seconds I kept my hands in place but eased up the pressure and
said.  "Are you listening bitch?"  I saw its head, already struggling to stay
lifted out of the pool, nod briefly and I went on.  "If you continue asking for
punishment I will give it."  It moaned briefly and I ordered it to be silent. 
"However I don't think you can take much more and you will become unconscious." 
A pause.  "Don't think that will be the end of things.  You will receive more
punishment points for your misbehaviour.  Also do you think I'll leave this mess
here?"

I breathed and let it think for a moment.  "I'll get another slut to clean up
your mess."  This time the groan was from Janine but a glare from me silenced
it.  "Probably January as its your cell partner.  In that case it will be on
double drinks rations for the next week."

I paused to let that sink in.  "Furthermore it will be denied use of your cell's
bucket."  I could almost feel its forehead creasing in puzzlement and fear.  "It
will do ALL its waste disposal directly into a funnel.  I think you know where
the other end of the funnel will be, DON'T YOU!"

It shuddered under me and its head dropped.  After a couple of seconds I heard
it start lapping up the piss and knew I had broken it, at least for the moment.

However I decided it should pay for that last period of resistance.  Even while
it started on the edge of the pool I visited the various supply compartments and
opened a container of curry powder. Using a very small scoop I sprinkled some
across the pool to favour the drink. 

I called Janine over and had it kneel beside the slut.  Gave it instructions as
to how to guide February around the pool as it cleared different areas.  Also
that it was to summon me once the clean up was completed to its satisfaction so
I could confirm the work.  All the time the exhausted and battered bitch was
lying face down on the stone floor, aching from its numerous injuries and its
tormented tits grinding the clamps still attached to them against the floor.




Chap 9:- Tying up loose ends


The use of non-synchronous currents to differing breasts, to reduce the chance
of heart problems was a point suggested me by a reader of the early chapters. 
This was in a private email so I willn't reveal his id with out permission but
thanks for the information.  While I would never dream of doing anything like
the acts described in real life, as you may have noticed, I have a desire to
make the stories as accurate in detail as practical.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


It was quite late so I returned to my rooms and had Kathy and Sandra prepare me
a meal.  Given that Janine was busy I decided to have them wait before they ate
and although there was one message for the new sluts that would have to wait
until February was back in its cage.  However as I finished my meal I decided to
check on Jane.  After a brief drink I strolled back down to the slave quarters
and after short detour to pick up one item entered the room where it had been
left to recover.

It had been resting on the wooden ledge that with a parallel one on the other
side formed the only furniture in this luxury slave quarters, apart from the
bucket on the floor.  It jerked awake and started to slide off the ledge to the
floor, the chain attached to its ankle jangling as it moved.  However I motioned
it to lay where it was and told it to fold arms behind its head.  This was not
the standard form, with arms folded behind its back and did not promote the
breasts forward as that did but was more comfortable for it and I was feeling in
a generous mood.  I deposited the box I was carrying on the ledge between its
legs and looked at the other equipment on the shelf.  In a small plastic box
were the pins it had removed from its torso, once it had been given permission. 
They were still blood-stained, which was technically a punishable offensive but
it didn't have the resources to clean them all here so I decided to let it off. 
The butt-plug was a different matter and I inspected it carefully but Jane had
done its work well.  There was no sign of either blood or shit, nor even of
saliva as it had cleaned the rod thoroughly.  I looked down at it with a smile
and saw it smile back and its body relax in relieve.

I next looked at the bitch itself.  Its breasts were perhaps a little smaller as
its body absorbed reserves to repair the damage.  However I knew that under the
blood stains that speckled them I knew they were fully restored and the flesh
repaired.  I groped them briefly, mauling firmly but not brutally, at least by
my standards, and bringing a smile from the slave.

Lower down its torso there were more splotches from the other pins, but they had
also healed up under the blood.  However there was a ridge of scar tissue from a
couple of inches below its navel to the top of its cunt, where the barb had
sliced open its flesh.  I touched it, initially gently, then with greater force
and the scar didn't reopen, although it grimaced slightly, confirming that
although uncomfortable for it the wound had largely healed.

I opened the box I had brought down and unravelled the cord of the endoscope. 
Jane gave a brief sigh of relief as it recognised it as a purely medical one,
rather than one of the probes with barbed edges or capable of dispensing
chemicals or electric shocks even while the user inserted it wherever he wished
in the target slave.  It squirmed slightly as I pushed the probe up inside its
cunt but quickly settled down, having so recently had a far more brutal
intrusion.  I checked on the viewing scope to focus the image, then looked
around.  As expected its cunt was a mass of clotted blood and scar tissues, from
the initial entry by the cunting rod, then the tears formed when that was
removed.  Most were however already healing up and I was fairly confident that
although weak it would be able to resume work tomorrow.  I pushed all the way up
to the entrance to its womb before I found un-scarred flesh, then couldn't
resist pushing on a little further, prompting it to fidget again until I gave it
a light slap and told it to stay still

On withdrawing I was able to confirm that although the probe had scrapped its
cunt a little it hadn't even broken the flesh enough to cause any bleeding.

I then put on some gloves and briefly inserted the probe up its arsehole to
check if there was any damage from the butt plug.  Nothing significant was
noticed and I pushed the probe further up until about 2' of cable was inside it. 
When I withdrew it the cable was shit-stained so I moved the box to above its
head and said "Clean".  It opened its cocksucker and I fed the cable in until
its cheeks bulged and it started sucking to clean it.

After a couple of minutes it nodded its head and I slowly started to withdraw
the cable through its tightly clasped lips, to ensure that any muck remaining
was removed.  Finally, when the end of the probe was out I ran it briefly
through Jane's hair to dry it, packed up the equipment back into the box and
placed it at her ankles.

Having been standing so long I took the opportunity to turn and sit down on the
cushion provided by its torso.  It exhaled as my weight settled on to it while
hands went naturally to breasts and cunt.  I played with it for a few minutes
and felt its lips start to moisten.  Although I pulled at both cunt and breasts
reasonably vigorously I knew my weight on its still damaged torso was probably
causing it more discomfort.

While my hands continued to enjoy its body I said. "I have a task for you Jane." 
I felt it stiffened slightly beneath me then relax, accepting whatever fate its
master had for it.  "Because of July's behaviour" - the reminder brought a grunt
of anger from it at the pain it had suffered as a result - "what was going to
take one day will take two.  Tomorrow I will give the other 6 sluts their 1st
experience of their new existence.  The other 6 however will have rather a
boring time, just sitting about in their cages."  I paused briefly.  "The main
problem of course was the electro-therapy that July insisted on them all,
having.  That's what took up all the time."  I paused again for effect then
continued.  " It seems a pity that one of the bitches should miss out on the
experience, especially as it was responsible for the others getting it."

I looked down at Jane and we matched smiles.  My hand gave its cunt a firm twist
and it gasped slightly, before smiling more broadly.  "That will mean that July
at least has something to do to pass the time."  Again its smile broadened. 

"I want you to think how the process could be improved.  A few embellishments
make it more stimulating for the bitch.  You will have to check them with me
1st."  I didn't want it pushing July too far while it was already fairly badly
knocked about in case too much damage was done.  Also it would be a good
challenge for Jane to see how much imagination it could display.

I gave its tits a last few squeezes then lifted myself off the slut and left,
saying as I did - "See me tomorrow morning with your ideas."



++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I checked in briefly on the training room.  February was still working its way
through the poll, although it had licked up most of it.  Its stomach was bulging
and it sounded utterly exhausted.  Janine reported it had vomited a couple of
times but had cleared up the resultant mess and would probably be finished in
another 10 minutes or so.

I decided to wait and watch the rest of the procedure, rather than have to be
called back shortly.  Whether my presence inspirited it, probably with sheer
terror, or Janine was conservative, it was 7-8 minutes before February completed
the last stage of the cleanup.  Its head sagged and it just lay there panting,
its hair damp from the piss that had soaked into it rather than gone down its
throat. 

I gave it 5 minutes to rest up then had Janine unlock the spreader and February
gasped with relief as it was finally able to close its legs, removing one of its
lesser aches, from the strain on its thighs.  Exhausted as it was however it
could not even crawl back to its cage with its arms unbound.  So I had Janine
rebind it and drag it back to its cell by its hair so it could be returned to
its cage.

	Once this as done I gave them 10 minutes to settle down before summoning
the tutors.  The 5 arrived shortly and I gave them instructions.  They then went
to their charges, this time Sandra being instructed to cover the absent Jane
once its own cell had been processed.  Debbie was also instructed to take Jane a
double ration once the new slaves had been fuelled.  After that they could get
their own food.

	Each went to the appropriate cell and informed the sluts that they would
be given an evening drink of water.  They had been due to be fed as well but
that was scheduled for when they had all had their 1st lesson, so was delayed
because of July's insistence on them undergoing electro-therapy, as they put it. 
As such they would spend another night and following day naked cold and
increasingly hungry.  The bowl from which they sipped their water was placed in
the front of their cage, denying them even exit from it while drinking.  Also it
was made clear that they could use lips only, sipping like animals, a crop being
applied quickly if they tried to use their hands even to steady the bowl. 

	After it was finished each was given permission to leave their cages to
use the bucket, the sole exceptions being February and July.  No reason was
given and when February complained Janine gave it a few touches of the crop
until it was quiet.  [Both bitches would be given a chance to piss at 4am but
they would not know that yet and I wanted them to be aware of how dependent they
were on their owner].

	

	++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


	When they were finished Kathy rose.  I looked at it and asked "You're on
Shit watering tonight?" and it nodded.  I stood and said, "I'll join you.  Been
meaning to check on that."

	It moved over to the door, folding arms behind it to give full view and
access to its breasts but I have placed enough with boobs today so instead,
after a resounding slap to its right cheek I cupped its left one as we walked
out of the room.

	It was a short walk to the hidden door that led to the steps down to the
bottom level.  I motioned it ahead of me down the narrow steps cut into the
naked rock.  This was not a matter of enjoying the view of its arse as it was
too far below me to see easily, let alone fondle as we descended.  It was simple
logic.  If there was a slip on the narrow stairs I didn't want a slut falling
onto me and possibly knocking me down the steps.  Much better to be above it so
it could break any fall of mine.

	There was only one door off the small landing at the bottom of the
stairs.  I pressed the switch and looked through the one way glass at the nearly
empty room inside.  A wave of my hand got Kathy to kneel on the cold floor and I
said.  "Come when I tell you to.  Don't say anything other than what you need to
do to get it to behave.  Understand?"  It nodded briefly and looked down and I
unlocked and opened the door steeping through.

	Apart from a couple of low shelves and cabinets holding equipment the
only item in the room was the Perspex cylinder, about 4' high and 2' in
diameter.  I approached it casually, making no attempt to cushion my steps and
the bitch raised its head.

	"Who's there  Aaaah" it said as its body arched with pain.  It tried
again a couple seconds later "Please..  Aaaah.  I know ..Uggh...theres' someone
there...  Please....Aaah.  Why willn't...Aaaah, you please speak to me.. Aaaah." 
Its conversation continually broken by its cries as its body withered and shook. 

	I approached closer, wrinkling my nose at the smell but making no reply. 
When I reached it I crouched down to look more closely. 

	It was knelt in the box, wearing nothing but its collar and the
blindfold around its eyes.  That is if you exclude the shackles that cuffed its
ankles together and similarly its wrists behind its back.  A short section of
chain pulled wrists down nearly to its ankles, in the process forcing it to arch
its back.  After nearly two days in that position its back must be crying out
for release.  It also thrust its head up nearly to the roof of the cylinder and
breasts forwards.

	There were three protrusions from the floor of the cylinder.  Two, about
a foot long were simple plastic rods.  Their purpose was to make it impossible
for the bitch to move its thighs, against which they pressed firmly, keeping
them widely spread.  The other was a smaller one, at the centre of the base.  It
extended downwards, anchoring the box in place while from its upper end 3 cables
reached.  All went to clamps, one on each nipple and one attached firmly to its
clit.

	Other than when the lid was removed the only opening was the grid in the
front, roughly facing its cocksucker.  This could be hinged open to allow a slot
about 9" by 3" for feeding and watering it, or the grid slide across to make it
virtually airtight.  Normally it was in its current position, allowing the bitch
to breath but nothing else.

	By now it knew that one of the things that prompted jolts of electricity
that it received was whenever it spoke.  Sensors in the collar detected movement
and although allowing breathing talking, drinking and eating would all trigger
strong volts.  Sometimes more than one jolt at the same time, although the
current supplied through both breasts was slightly out of phase, to reduce the
damage of heart damage that might prove serious.  There were two other ways of
shocking it.  Jolts were delivered randomly and also the system could be set to
discharge by various patterns at will.  Those last punishment jolts were at a
marked higher level than the other two.

	All this I knew from having set the system up.  I was more interested in
how some of the other effects were developing.  It had not been fed the past
couple of days but it had been watered and I could see the piss pooling at the
base of the cylinder.  The smell from that had been clear from the door.  The
fleas and lice with which it shared its home were not visible but some of the
bites were.  A couple of the leeches still clung to it while others were at the
bottom of the cylinder, having feasted.

	It tried again.  "Please.   Aaaah.  Why are you....Aaah.  Why are you
doing ...Aaaah, this to me."

	I took the control box down and programmed it for 5 minutes of frequent
jolts and watched the bitch dance under the shocks rippling through its body. 
It gasped repeatedly and hung its head in despair when the current finally
finished flowing, accepting that it would get no answer.

	I had risen and stepped back a bit to watch and now motioned Kathy into
the room.  It rose painfully, stretching its aching limbs as it approached but
said nothing, its bare feet padding almost soundlessly across the stone.  I
stepped further back to give it room.

	Kathy picked up a plastic tube, hard and transparent like the body of
the box and about 4' long.  It unhinged the grid and swung it back, then slide
one end of the tube forward until it touched the bitches lips.    Having
experienced this before after a brief jerk it parted its lips and Kathy pushed
the tube down its cocksucker until it was hard against the back of the bitches
throat, its head already pushed back as far as it could.

	A clamp held the tube in place, also pinning the bitch's head.  Kathy
attached another piece of plastic to the other end of the tube and the bitch
gagged slightly as the tube tilted under its weight.  The attachment consisted
of a right angle turn to the vertical, with above it a large funnel.

	Kathy moved to the shelf and picked up a 1litre bottle, unhooked it and
started to tip its contents into the funnel.  The fluid slowly flowed down the
gentle slope until it reached the bitches mouth.  When it felt the fluid its
lips closed on the tube to stop it escaping and its throat worked as it started
to swallow.  This triggered the sensory and even while drinking it was racked
with pain from the jolts of electricity.

As such it was drinking for several seconds before it suddenly spasmed and
choked as it sought to stop the liquid flowing into it.  Its mouth opened and it
started to split.

	I was ready for this and reached forward to twist a value on the tube
cutting off the flow, a few inches before it entered the box.  The bitch
spluttered and coughed, managing to eject much of the fluid, which flowed down
its front, but had doubtless swallowed some.

	Kathy knew what to do and picking up the control box with one hand gave
it several minutes of further jolts.  With the other it steadied the tube,
helping keep it in place deep down the bitches throat.  It gagged a couple of
times and also tried to bite at the tubing but the plastic was too hard for its
teeth to make any impression.

	After the voltage stopped Kathy said "Drink!" and I turned the valve. 
More liquid flowed down the tube, passing between the bitch's lips and this
time, resigned and fearful of further pain, it clamped its lips around the tube
to prevent any escaping and resumed swallowing.  

	Kathy steadily allowed the fluid to enter the funnel, never overflowing
it, until the bottle was empty and it then deposited the bottle to one side
quietly on the floor.  Unlike previous drinks, which had been pure water this
had been diluted, 90% water and 10% piss, hence the bitches reaction when it
recognised the unpleasant taste.

	However I was unhappy with the waste that had occurred, while the
flowing liquid had stirred my own bladder.  I motioned Kathy to one side, still
holding the funnel steady while allowing me access.  Quickly I pulled down my
trousers, extracted my cock and began to refill the funnel with pure urine.

	The bitch had almost finished its official drink when my flow caught up
with the last dregs of the bottle's contents.  It didn't realise for a moment
the change in composition and taste of what it was drinking.  Then its head
jerked back a little and it gagged.  A little piss flowed down its cheek but
Kathy said loudly.  "No!  Drink!"  Its head jerked again and I though for the
moment it was going to misbehave.  However it obviously feared the current more
as it tightened its lips and I saw the cheeks bulge.  It started to swallow
hurriedly, trying to get the piss through its mouth before either the taste
became too much for it or it choked for lack of air.  Towards the end the latter
problem meant it spluttered and partially choked, spraying some of the piss out
of its mouth but relatively little was lost so I decided to let it get away with
that.  It would smell the foul odour as well as taste it and feel it drying on
its chin and chest, which should be effective enough in humiliating it.

	Kathy removed the funnel and put it away.  Then removed the locking
clamp and pulled the tube out of the bitches mouth.  It took several deep
breaths of air and spat a couple of times. To try and remove the last dregs of
the piss from its mouth. 

	Before Kathy closed the grid I stopped it and went over to one of the
other containers.  I moved it to by the box and opening it I used a long pair of
pliers to pick up a leech and deposit it in the box, on the upper part of the
bitches right breast.  It felt something touch it there and shuddered in fear
and revulsion but the leech managed to get a grip with its teeth and started to
feed.  One of the other two I loaded into the cage failed and dropped to the
floor but I could expect it would have a good chance of feeding from the bitches
legs while I was able to attach another to its shoulder.

	I then nodded I was done and Kathy closed the grid.

	During this period the bitch made several attempts to ask questions and
plead for mercy, interspersed with gasping and jerking as the voltage ran
through it.  However we both ignored it and when Kathy had put everything back
into place we left locking the door and turning off the light behind us.


	++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


	It had been a long day.  Several bitches had been less intelligent and
more unco-operated than I had expected.  July's behaviour had thrown out my
entire timetable.  As a result they would go hungry tonight and, more
importantly, I would have to change my plans.  However I suspect at least
several of the 6 would be a lot better mannered in future.

	It would be interesting how they behaved tonight.  They must realise by
now that they were being continually observed and crimes such as talking to
other slaves would be noted and punished.  At the same time, isolated and
uncertain they would seek for comfort in any way they could and the temptation
to indulge in conversation would be strong.  Especially for those 6 who, other
than the electro-therapy, had seen little activity and would be wondering what
was going to happen to them.  In 4 cases they knew the slaves they shared a cell
with have been used in some way and, while fearing it, would be desperate to
know what would happen to them when their turn came.  I expected the bitches who
had met me one on one would be far less willing to talk but whether they would
succumb or not would be interesting.  The relationship between July and August
would be especially interesting.  Several of them might want revenge on July for
getting them electrocuted, or at least to find out what had happened but only
August would have the chance to talk to it.  It would be revealing if July, who
had found out what it was to anger me, would be better behaved tonight. For the
September/October cell both bitches had found out more about what their future
lives would be like and I suspected, while they might fearfully wish to exchange
notes, would keep quiet.  For April/May although the latter had seen some pain
on the 1st day and both had suffered some electrical training, courtesy of July,
they would be fearful and aware their time was coming but would be interesting
to see how they responded. 

	It looked to be a fun day tomorrow.  Then after that, we could really
start their training in earnest.










Chap 10:- Morning Assembly 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I strolled into the room and couldn't resist a hearty smile at the sight that greeted me.&nbsp; A dozen bitches, naked except for their collars and hoods, along with the shackles hidden by their position.&nbsp; They knelt on the cold stone floor, legs spread wide and arms bound behind them, in two rows of 6, staggered so they could all be viewed.&nbsp; Most heads rose slightly as they heard my approach then drooped again in despair or exhaustion.&nbsp; Several already has much of their hair hanging loose and lank from the tops of the hoods, increasing their dishevelled look.&nbsp; February, July and November also showed extensive bruising, their breasts especially blotched with black and yellow marks.&nbsp; I knew from viewing the room that a couple had turned their head in February's direction.&nbsp; January probably realised by now that the smell of piss had not come solely from the bucket as February's hood and hair had become soaked when it had cleaned up its mess the previous day.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I knew they would be very hungry, cold and also stiff having had a wait of over 30 minutes.&nbsp; Even the tutors, able to move freely and adequately fed had felt the chill through their harden soles.&nbsp; They had been able to fidget a bit however and also had the task of keeping their charges in place, a touch of the strap being applied when legs started to close, backs dip or cocksuckers open.&nbsp; The tutors themselves looked luscious, their tanned bodies naked except for their collars and the belts they worn to hold straps and painwands.



The new slaves had already had their 1st lesson for the day.&nbsp; Woken over an hour before when their tutors had entered their cells they had been processed one at a time.&nbsp; Their cages opened they had been allowed to exit then had their wrists cuffed behind them.&nbsp; Encouraged to assume the standard waiting position with a touch of the strap they had knelt while their fellow cell slut had been similarly released.&nbsp; Then the 1st had been asked if it wished to use the bucket, with a warning it would not be allowed to piss again until the evening or shit until the following day.&nbsp; Most had been only too eager to do so, six of them with the added bonus that they would be without the painful butt plug, at least for a while.&nbsp; 



They quickly realised it was not so easy however.&nbsp; To have the plug removed they had to lean forward, thrusting their arse up.&nbsp; With arms bound behind them this left them carrying their upper torso's weight on their heads and breasts, not comfortable at the best of times.&nbsp; The battered state of their boobs increased the discomfort.&nbsp; Furthermore it left them in no position to resist when it was made clear that they would have to hold the plug until it was reinserted.&nbsp; Since this was done by jabbing the plug down their cocksucker, they were given no doubt about how they were to hold it.&nbsp; A couple tried to spit it out, or complain about the taste but vigorous application of the strap and in September's case a touch of the painwand quickly taught them better manners.&nbsp; Viewing the process I noticed that October learn from its cell sluts' example and made no such objection.&nbsp; Once their toiletry had been completed the plugs were replaced.&nbsp; In the case of July the extra 2" of length had made reinserting it more difficulty but Jane had been willing to apply the extra force required.



After this, several still scowling, behind their masks no doubt, at the taste, they had been leashed then guided to the large room beyond the training room and ordered to kneel and wait.



I had deliberately taken my time, checking over the notes from the survey of overnight activity and then waited another ten minutes.&nbsp; Now I was ready and walked calmly into the room.&nbsp; The 6 tutors smiled, their delight at seeing their master clear on their faces, programmed as they were for unquestioning and total submission.



I walked to the desk and perched on its front for a couple of minutes admiring the view and knowing the bitches would be waiting nervously.&nbsp; Then I shifted slightly and spoke.&nbsp; "Bitches.&nbsp; You will be watered shortly, then allowed to start your second day's training.&nbsp; At the end of it, baring any problems," I inserted a touch of warning in my voice here, " you will be allowed to eat."&nbsp; I paused and could hear several bitches' sign in relief and a couple started to speak, quickly silenced by their tutor's straps.



"However, before that, I will be checking on performance.&nbsp; I will ask each slut pair in turn whether it has anything to report.&nbsp; If any of you have nod and you will be given permission to speak.&nbsp; Once the checks are done you can be watered and allowed back to your cages."&nbsp; This brought a couple of groans at the thought of being confined again, rapidly followed by yelps as the guilty bitches felt their tutor's straps again.



I went quickly through the bitches, knowing it was going to be another long day.&nbsp; February paused briefly before shaking its head but the only one to nod was July.&nbsp; It seemed surprised when I left it and moved onto September and October.&nbsp; However I wanted to give them all a chance before having any named and speaking.



"Slut July, stand and report."



It jerked, having been taken by surprise then started struggling to its feet.&nbsp; Exhausted, stiff and restrained this was not a simple task and it swayed precariously a couple of times before standing, nervously, feet separated as much for balance as to meet the requirements of its position.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hurry up slave.&nbsp; I don't have all day!"&nbsp; I barked at it, making it more nervous and it shuddered, opened its cocksucker, then paused while it thought what to say.&nbsp; I nodded to Jane and it clipped July's arse with the crop to encourage it.&nbsp; It yelped and jumped a little, prompting a couple of giggles from other sluts.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master...&nbsp; I... Last night.."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I slapped its left breast, more sound than force, generating a large clap that made several other slaves jump in surprise.&nbsp; Even so, especially given the state of its boobs July gasped in pain, took half a step backwards and simply gasped for a couple of breaths.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get on with it."&nbsp; I said wearily, but with a touch of warning in my voice.&nbsp; I knew pretty much what was coming but wanted it to make the statement that should deepen the division between the bitches and also mark a step away from their previous life for all of them.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a deep breath then said "Last night master,.. August and I spoke,"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Bitch!" I heard hissed from beside it followed by a cry as Jane brought the crop down hard on August's shoulders.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Four specials and 50 normal, for speaking without permission."&nbsp; I said casually, giving both August and all the others something to think about, then "Continue."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It hesitated then nervously asked "Master, what else do you want to know?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, a decent amount of details for a start.&nbsp; Who started it, what was said, roughly how long it lasted.&nbsp; Shushing another bitch is still a crime but of lesser weight than indulging in conversation with it."&nbsp; This caused a gasp for a couple of other sluts, followed by the slap of a strap.&nbsp; I paused, then continued.&nbsp; "An apology for the disobedience and pleas for punishment would of course be appropriate."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It paused, then resumed.&nbsp; "We talked for about 5 minutes Master.&nbsp; I... I gave details on some of what had happened to me. "&nbsp; There was another pause then it continued&nbsp;&nbsp; "Pleasse master, I apologise for disobeying and ask to be punished."&nbsp; Its voice broke a couple of times and at the end its head dropped.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Which bitch spoke 1st?"&nbsp; My voice was quiet but menacing as I closed in on the point it had not answered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The head dipped further then, after a brief shake "I did master."

















 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This statement surprised me, as I knew it was lying.&nbsp; August had been criticising it for the pain August and the other bitches has suffered during their electro-therapy and which July had been blamed for.&nbsp; July had stayed silent while it had gone on for quite a while until it had complained about the privileges July had received, even an extra toilet break before the rest in the early evening.&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought back over how the conversation went.



+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You stupid fucking cunt!"&nbsp; July's sudden outburst had shocked and briefly silenced August.&nbsp; Before it could complain again the angry slut had continued.&nbsp; "Do you know why I got that toilet break?&nbsp; Do you?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I wouldn't like to guess what service you supplied to earn that."&nbsp; August's reply was smug and superior.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Bastard!"&nbsp; July's outrage was so great it couldn't reply for nearly a minute.&nbsp; When it found its voice again it continued.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll fucking tell you bitch.&nbsp; When he started electrocuting you he said for 6 hours.&nbsp; Then when I gave the wrong reply to a question he increased it to 8.&nbsp; Know what he did then?&nbsp; Do you?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It waited and August's nerve or curiosity cracked 1st.&nbsp; "Tell me then."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"He offered me a deal.&nbsp; If I provided a couple of services he would cut it back to 6 hours.&nbsp; I said yes, which may have been a mistake."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What services?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The 1st was a blow job."&nbsp; July paused at that point.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That all?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I've not done it very often.&nbsp; Never like that.&nbsp; He raped my face.&nbsp; I could hardly breath and he made sure he hammered me.&nbsp; Given what he had already done I was feeling so rough that was bad enough I was regretting the deal.&nbsp; Except he made clear it would cost you all another 2 hours if I didn't compile."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I would have bitten his fucking cock off if he"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You stupid cunt!"&nbsp; July's combination of fear and rage was astonishing, even when you knew what motivated it.&nbsp; Even August was shocked into silence for a moment.&nbsp; "Don't EVER try that.&nbsp; Understand!."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Why?&nbsp; Think your boyfriend would be upset?"&nbsp; August's words were mocking but the tone was more nervous.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Why the fuck do you think he was so pissed off.&nbsp; Just be thankful you got off lightly!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lightly!"&nbsp; It was now August's turn to splutter with rage.&nbsp; You think being tied up for 6 hours while your boob's been burnt off with electricity is bloody getting off lightly!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;July's reply caused another deeper pause.&nbsp; "NO.&nbsp; I KNOW it was getting off fucking lightly."&nbsp; A short pause then "I'm not going to say what happened.&nbsp; I'm doing my best to forget it all.&nbsp; Just take my word for it, you don't want to hurt or anger him."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;August was silent for a couple of minutes, thinking over what had been said and probably feeling very worried.&nbsp; However it was too stupid to keep quiet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I still don't see what that had to do with your extra toilet break.&nbsp; A bit of sperm willn't make that much difference."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I said there were two stages to the deal he offered."&nbsp; July's head had hung even lower in its cage at that point and its voice had dropped so low that even the microphones had barely picked it up.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So have you ever held the contents of four fucking bladders?"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What."&nbsp; A short pause.&nbsp; "I don't believe you. He wouldn't do "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes he fucking would.&nbsp; He said I was, what was the phrase...&nbsp; That's it, be a piss pot.&nbsp; Then he stuck his cock down my mouth and started to...."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a short pause and a couple of deep breaths August had been unable to resist continuing to dig.&nbsp; "How do you get four?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"After he finished."&nbsp; It paused again, its voice breaking as it was unable to continue for a few seconds.&nbsp; "I'll give him that.&nbsp; He did say a piss pot and not his piss pot.&nbsp; I just took that for granted."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"After he finished he called over Jane, the tutor.&nbsp; Then after her there were a couple he had called in for this second session.&nbsp; By that time the pain was worse than the taste.&nbsp; And he made clear that if I spilt any I would lick it up.



`"Ugh!&nbsp; That's revolting."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was silent for a minute or so then asked.&nbsp; "What did he do to you?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Gods!&nbsp; You don't want to know.&nbsp; I think I'll get into enough trouble for this.&nbsp; And I don't want to think about it."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Trouble.&nbsp; How?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Are you stupid?&nbsp; He said not to speak!&nbsp; Don't you remember.&nbsp; He's already had one go at us for that.&nbsp; Why do you think I fucking ignored you so fucking long you cretin!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"He'll never know."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;July snorted in disgust and said no more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I moved over slightly to face August and said "Stand bitch!"&nbsp; Jane nudged it with the strap and it awkwardly staggered to its feet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Do you have anything to say bitch?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You stupid idiot.&nbsp; Why did you have to tell him all&nbsp; Aaaah!"&nbsp; It had turned its head toward July but the outburst was cut short by my right fist burying its deep into the bitch's left boob.&nbsp; The breast was large, but gave little in the way of padding against the blow.&nbsp; The bitch gasped deeply then screamed.&nbsp; After its lungs emptied it started moaning, "Gods, my breasts.&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; That hurts so damned much."&nbsp; Jane had stepped up behind it to hold its shoulders and stop it retreating but it was hurting too much to put up any resistance.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good point.&nbsp; You do have two."&nbsp; I gave it a couple of seconds for this to sink in and it started to shake its head in denial then my fist hit its other boob.&nbsp; It gagged in pain and slumped, moaning feebly.&nbsp; 



After a few more seconds I grabbed its throat in my left hand and shook its head.&nbsp; "Now bitch.&nbsp; Do you have anything to say which is relevant to the matter?"&nbsp; It gibbered and I loosened my hold allowing it to gasp in air.



After a minute or so my hands moved to its breasts, fingers twisting its nipples and twisting them a little.&nbsp; "I'm waiting bitch."



"Please master.&nbsp; Ohh!"&nbsp; as I twisted the nipples harder.&nbsp; I pulled them out about an inch, stretching the heavy breasts, which hung down from them, then let go and it gave a gasp of relief.



"Now bitch.&nbsp; Is July telling the truth?"



It moaned then nodded its head furiously.&nbsp; 



"The two of you spoke about what July did?"&nbsp; I didn't give any more details than that and it nodded eagerly, just relieved the pain had stopped, or at least was not being increased.



"And July started the conversation?"&nbsp; It paused for several seconds then nodded again.&nbsp; Nervously at first, then more determinedly.



"Was anything hostile said about your owner?"&nbsp; I deliberately used that phase to increase the pressure.&nbsp; The pause was longer this time and I was starting to get impatient when it slowly started shaking its head.



"Anything else to say bitch?"&nbsp; It paused then, after a few seconds cautiously shook its head again.



"Sure bitch!"&nbsp; My tone was sharper. It quivered and was silent for a few seconds but finally shook its head again.



"Right bitches, kneel!"&nbsp; As they sank to their knees, relieved to escape my attention I walked back to the table, turned and leaned against it before continuing.



"For indulging in forbidden conversation July is awarded 4 specials and 50 normal punishment points.&nbsp; The length and subject increase that by another 8 and 150 respectively.&nbsp; However, because it admitted the offence and asked for punishment this will be halved to 6 and 100 respectively."



I heard July give a breath of relief, which I quickly turned into a gasp.&nbsp; "However for attempting to deliberately deceive its owner it is punished another 12 specials and 200 normal blows.&nbsp; As this occurred after its confession and contravenes the spirit of it this will not be halved.&nbsp; Mark it up."&nbsp; The latter was directed to Jane who picked up a felt pen and leant over to adjust the score on July's left breast.



"It should be noted that such mercy will only be given for a limited period.&nbsp; As you sluts should lean to behave properly it would be irresponsible to maintain such a policy, as it encourages disobedience."



"August.&nbsp; You not only started the conversation, but tried to hide July's lie and showed no contrition.&nbsp; Also your behaviour during it was disrespectful."&nbsp; I looked at it and noticed a definite shiver as it remembered some of the things it had said.&nbsp; " As such you get a total of 30 specials and 500 normals."&nbsp; It shivered again at this and mouthed am almost silent 'No', shaking its head feebly.



"We're short of time.&nbsp; Since none of the rest of the guilty bitches were honest I will just run through things quickly.&nbsp; February".&nbsp; I turned my attention to that bitch.&nbsp; "You spoke twice.&nbsp; Only to try and shush your fellow cell slut so a minimum of 4 specials and 50 normals.&nbsp; This will be doubled however because you failed to admit this and again for lack of contrition."&nbsp; I nodded to Janine and it moved forward to mark up the bitch, which moaned until a slap from its tutor shut it up.



I moved quickly on to January.&nbsp; "January, you tried repeatedly to initiate conversation.&nbsp; You failed to admit this when given the chance and also showed no remorse for your crimes."



"Who the hell are Ahhh ".&nbsp; January's complaint was cut short by a sharp slash of the strap from Janine across its chest.&nbsp; It bent forward a little and moaned while struggling to master the pain.&nbsp; 



I followed up by stepping forwards and swinging my right foot, connecting with its right thigh a couple of inches below its cunt.&nbsp; I was wearing my bitch training boots and, as it realised, it's flesh performed poorly in impact comparison with the steel toe caps.&nbsp; It squealed again, throwing its head back in a deep howl of agony and it bent forward and grabbed its hair.



"You were saying slave?"



"Please, no more." it cried but I pulled its hair firmly and said "You want to say something slut?"&nbsp; My other hand reached lower and I gripped a nipple and surrounding flesh and squeezed and twisted.&nbsp; It screamed again and another time as I twisted the other way.



"Please, I'm sorry.&nbsp; I'm sorry."



"Don't you think you deserve punishment?"



It hesitated but another couple of twists broke its resistance and it started shouting "Yes, yes."



I loosened my grip, just rubbing the nipple between finger and thumb and said "Say what you mean."



It sobbed and breathed deeply a couple of times. My fingers started to tightened a little and it cried "No!&nbsp; Please..&nbsp; Please punish me for my ,&nbsp; for my disobedience."



"Of course bitch.&nbsp; All you needed to do is ask."&nbsp; I let go of both hair and breast and straightened up.&nbsp; Looking at Janine I said, "Under the circumstances I think we will settle for 60 specials and 500 normal points.&nbsp; It will thank me for that generosity willn't it?"&nbsp; I nudged January lightly with my foot.



Its head was still bent and it had been sobbing quietly but at my word and touch it stopped.&nbsp; One more, loud sob, then it spoke, its voice almost breaking.&nbsp; "Yes master.&nbsp; That is kind master."



After this interruption none of the other slaves risked offending me.&nbsp; Punishments were announced for May and June for speaking briefly and similarly for November and December, the former getting a similar amount to February as it had only tried to shut December up.&nbsp;&nbsp; All the other three got markedly more but apologised and thanked me meekly.



I stepped back and allowed the marking up to be completed and the bitches a couple of minutes to think over events, as well as them to think nervously over what happened next.&nbsp; Then I stepped forward and spoke again.



"This is not the first time I have warned you bitches about misbehaving.&nbsp; However you keep ignoring me so I can no longer take such a tolerant approach.&nbsp; As such, after today further crimes will be punished FAR more harshly.&nbsp; Furthermore I need to drive the point home.&nbsp; Therefore I will give you a small lesson.



Several heads jerked up and a number of moans broke out until the tutor's straps quietened them.&nbsp; Heads dropped in despair.



"I will apply collective punishment to you all as a warning and selective punishment to the guilty.&nbsp; Kneel and stay still and silent."



Several shuffled nervously but dared make no complaint.&nbsp; I turned and picked up the cane that had been positioned on the table.&nbsp; Then moved quietly to the head of the first line, alongside January.&nbsp; I raised the cane then brought it down hard.&nbsp; The vertical blow successfully landed on the centre of its right breast, burying itself deep in the soft flesh and neatly bisecting the areola.&nbsp; Its torso jerked in shock and head shot back as it screamed loudly.&nbsp; If it had not been for Janine positioned behind it the bitch would have fallen over backwards and only its grip on January's shoulders stopped it then collapsing forward into a ball and the slave tried to master the pain coursing through it.



"Gods. My breast.&nbsp; Oooh.&nbsp; Please. No."



I slapped its head, the sound ringing through the room and said "Silence!"&nbsp; The blow also shut it up for the moment and I bent over it and told it "I never gave you permission to speak slut.&nbsp; You can thank me when its finished but til then keep quiet.&nbsp; Or are you saying that blow wasn't hard enough and you need another?"



It gagged a little as it struggled to fight down further words, in terror at what might happen if it didn't.



After a minute or so, although still breathing deeply it seemed to calm a bit and straightened up.

"Right bitch, now the other boob."



Although it couldn't see its head swung around to face towards me and shook its head desperately.&nbsp; Its cocksucker opened as if it was about to speak but it dare not.



"Be still bitch, or are you still saying the first blow wasn't enough?"



It gapped, sobbed loudly then reluctantly turned to face forward.&nbsp; I moved into position over its left side and after preparation again raised the cane and swung it down.&nbsp; Again the bitch screamed, making a couple of others jump and one started to sob until silenced.&nbsp; It mumbled quietly but avoided saying anything openly.&nbsp; After a minute or so, although still sobbing it straightened.&nbsp; I crouched beside it and looked at the breasts.&nbsp; Two thick red welts cut across them, not quite drawing blood but obviously paining it deeply. It jerked and moaned loudly when I reached up and brushed the right breast.&nbsp; There was a noticeable quiver when I ran a finger along the welt.



"Don't you have something to say?"



It froze, gulped, then nervously said "Thank you master."



"That's better bitch.&nbsp; Always remember your manners when permitted to address your superiors."&nbsp; It gagged slightly, frustrated as fear overrode anger at my remarks.&nbsp; I straightened up, patting it on the head and turned toward February.



"Your turn now bitch."&nbsp; It shivered and started to mutter something but the blow hit before it could say any more.&nbsp; Its breast, still bruised and welted from the previous day jumped at the impact and its entire body juddered delightfully in fear, making its boobs bobble.&nbsp; It struggled, trying to choke the scream that broke from its throat.



I gave it a few moments, then said.&nbsp; "Hold still bitch.&nbsp; If I don't hit the target properly I'll have to try again."&nbsp; Then with a cheery smirk I joked, "Or is that what you want?"&nbsp; It gasped and sobbed loudly, shook its head in despair then sought to hold still, although it was visibly quivering.&nbsp; I waited a little longer, letting the tension mount, then swung again.&nbsp; This time it unleashed a full-throated scream and Janine had to grab its hair with one hand to hold it upright.



After a few seconds it mumbled a barely audible "Thank you master."&nbsp; So quiet I made it repeat the phase.&nbsp; 



March and April both looked tense as I walked slowly past them, March screeching when I let the cane brush its nipple as I passed it.&nbsp; Kathy gave it a slap and hissed "Quiet".



This possibly distracted May as it seemed totally surprised when the cane skilfully bisected its right breast.&nbsp; The slut screamed loudly, its back arching in pain and might have fallen forward but for Sandra grabbing its shoulders and holding it tightly.&nbsp; I was growing impatient so just gave enough time for the tutor to steady it, then hit its other breast.&nbsp; The agony cut off its current scream and as it gasped I crouched and grabbed its breast, squeezing mildly, making it shudder again and said "Well?"



It gibbered for several seconds, making a couple of attempts, before managing to ramble out words of thanks.&nbsp; Again I patted its head and moved on.



June was waiting nervously, quivering with fear and I noticed it had pissed itself, a pool of liquid gathering between its thighs.&nbsp; 



"Thirsty bitch?"&nbsp; I asked.&nbsp; It paused, confused I believe, and I tapped the inside of its thigh lightly.&nbsp; Its legs jerked, then widened further as it suddenly realised what it had done and sought to move its thighs from contact with the sticky and acidic liquid gathering there.&nbsp; 



"What... what" it squawked in confusion.



"Have you forgotten?&nbsp; You have to take responsibility for your action.&nbsp; Clean up any mess you make."



"Ugh...&nbsp; You can't&nbsp;&nbsp; Aaaah!"&nbsp; Its comment was cut short by Sandra's heavy blow, the strap cutting across it shoulders.&nbsp; 



Before it could gather breath I crouched beside it resting one knee on its thigh as my hand grabbed its throat, forcing its head back up.&nbsp; "Is your memory that faulty bitch?&nbsp; That's exactly what I said and I mean ever word of it.&nbsp; As a couple of your fellow sluts have already found out."



I loosened my grip slightly and it gulped in some air then shook its head.&nbsp; I shook it briefly by the throat, then asked "Was that shake meant to be saying your memory was faulty and your glad you have been corrected bitch?"&nbsp; I felt it shiver and then nervously nod its head.&nbsp; I continued "You will get your drink later, when we're finished here."



Letting go of its throat I rose, then quickly slashed down with the cane, before it realised the blow was coming.&nbsp; Also I hit the left breast first, in case it might have guessed I had been working my way leftwards and was expecting the other to be hit 1st.&nbsp; Its shriek was surprisingly loud considering it was already short of breath and Sandra had to grab it quickly to prevent it falling.



It was still gasping in air when I struck the other blow and it twisted out of Sandra's grasp and fell forward, crying out again as its boobs hit the floor.&nbsp; I leant forward, grabbed its hair and pulled up, lifting until it was upright again, but head bent slightly backwards.&nbsp; "What do you say slut?"&nbsp; It gabbled a few seconds then gasped out a few splintered words of thanks.&nbsp; I decided to accept that and let go of its hair.&nbsp; It slid to the ground again with another moan.



July and August were resolved quickly.&nbsp; Having learnt already the dangers of angering me neither put up any resistance.&nbsp; July, its breasts already discoloured and swollen had to be held up by Jane and could hardly stop shaking, with the pain it felt.&nbsp; It took nearly a minute after the second blow before it was able to gasp out a brief "Thank you", stuttering in pain.&nbsp; August shook its head briefly but a quick slap warned it to behave and although it cried out when hit and blubbered when I inspected its breasts it also thanks me and waited nervously.



I bypassed the other sluts until I reached November.&nbsp; It tensed slightly as it heard me approach then gasped as the cane sunk deep into its large breast.&nbsp; The scream was relatively short then it subsided into a series of deep gasps.&nbsp; I leant over and examined the boob, feeling it shudder as I ran my fingers up the vertical welt.&nbsp; I rose again and paused briefly and it shivered again and its head gave a brief shake.&nbsp; However I was feeling generous so didn't take it as any objection and swung the cane down again.&nbsp; It gagged with the pain and its torso shook as its head dropped.&nbsp; I could hear it sobbing and gave it a few seconds.&nbsp; Then I crouched down again and squeezed a nipple between finger and thumb.&nbsp; It gasped then said quickly "Thank you master."



December was looking terrified, sweating heavily and its head twitching from side to side.&nbsp; I suspected it was near to trying to break into panicked flight so waited until Debbie was ready behind it.&nbsp; I nodded and it gripped Decembers shoulders.&nbsp; The bitch gave a jerk of surprise, then while still reacting to this, I struck.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This was a slimmer bitch and the first blow actually missed the areola, only skimming its edge, but biting beautify into its flesh. Its head jerked back, nearly butting Debbie as it screamed.&nbsp; I slapped it hard across the face and said "Silent!".&nbsp; Then examined the boob, bringing a moan from it as my hand traced the welt.



"Damn!&nbsp; Your moving meant I missed!"&nbsp; I said.&nbsp; The words slowly penetrated its agony and it paused in understanding.&nbsp; As its cocksucker started to open in disbelief, I swung again, hitting the same breast but this time bisecting the nipple.&nbsp; This time Debbie made sure the bitches head came no where near it as the scream echoed around the room.&nbsp; It seemed to go on forever but eventually the bitches' head dropped and it started sobbing.&nbsp; 



"Next time hold still stupid!"&nbsp; I snapped.&nbsp; "Now straighten up!"&nbsp; 



It gasped in horror at the realisation that there was another blow to come.&nbsp; The head shook in denial and it started to struggle as if trying to rise.&nbsp; I clipped it firmly around the head and while the bitch was stunned Debbie grabbed it firmly by its blonde hair and twisted its head back.&nbsp; The shoulders still shook as it tried to struggle and I slapped it again, this time on the breast.&nbsp; As it whimpered in pain I asked, "Do you really want the next blow to miss?"&nbsp; It took a couple of seconds for the warning to sink in then it froze. I positioned myself, letting the tension rise and it quivered but held still.&nbsp; After a couple of more seconds I swung and the bitches breath shot out in a gust as the pain cut through it.



I briefly checked the breast to confirm the blow had been on target then just rubbed a nipple with a finger and it remembered quickly to thank me, the words coming out in a gush.



I stepped back to the table and studied the slaves for a couple of minutes.&nbsp; Those I had hit gradually calmed and their bodies steadied, making clearer the welts dividing their breasts.&nbsp; As they quietened I started moving again, going to stand in front of March.



"Bitch" I said and it jerked nervously.&nbsp; "Your turn but I will be generous.&nbsp; Since you were not guilty of talking without permission you will be allowed an alternative."&nbsp; It gulped nervously but waited silently, knowing by now some unpleasant option was coming up.&nbsp; "There were 8 bitches which were guilty.&nbsp; You can either select one of them, or take the blows yourself.&nbsp; You have 5 seconds.&nbsp; No statement by then will be taken as asking for them yourself, 5..4...3..2,"



It shook its head nervously then, with time running out blurted out "July!"&nbsp; I heard that bitch gasp but say no more and moved to face it.&nbsp; It heard my footsteps and shook its head desperately, raising as if to look at me through the mask and its entire body radiated the despair it must have felt.&nbsp; I was not surprised it had been selected as the others had been told it was responsible for their electrotherapy the previous day.



My first blow made it gasp weakly and slump forward.&nbsp; Jane pulled its body back so I could inspect the impact and I could feel the bitch tremor as I ran a hand down the breast.&nbsp; Both blows had hit the areola but at slightly different angles, making a very shallow X.&nbsp; It further increased the bruising in the area and there was the red of some internal bleeding.&nbsp; I juggled it briefly and said, "That's looking good slut."&nbsp; Either the words or the contact cause it to shudder again.&nbsp; It started to mumble, possibly to ask for mercy but its voice was so weak it was scarcely audible.&nbsp; I grabbed its jaw and asked, "Are you saying I didn't hit you correctly bitch?"&nbsp; It shivered then shook its head.&nbsp; "Then be quiet, your still got another tap before you can thank me."



It gulped in despair and hung its head but with Jane gripping its shoulders firmly stayed still and made no attempt to escape.&nbsp; I paused, braced myself then swung down at the other breast.&nbsp; The bitch juddered with the blow then hung forward in its tutor's grip.&nbsp; I crouched and lifted its left breast gently, the pain still causing it to wince.&nbsp; Again the central portion of the breast was heavily bruised and there was even a small tear in its flesh, with a little blood trickling out.&nbsp; It breathed in a ragged breath, its body shaking in agony and said in a pain-wracked voice "Thank you master."



I let its breast drop and as I rose patted its head gently saying, "You're finally starting to learn some manners bitch."



I waited a minute then approached April.&nbsp; It jerked as I touched a nipple with the cane and said "Right bitch, same choice.&nbsp; Name within 5 or take you're punishment yourself.&nbsp; 5..4..3"



It paused, opened its cocksucker, then jerked its head a couple of times as if it couldn't make up its mind and the count reached zero.&nbsp; I grimaced and shook my head briefly.&nbsp; It was one of the least favoured bitches, heavy jug breasts and a plain face and the thought that it was stupid as well would lower its value, as well as making it more difficult to train.&nbsp; However I lifted the cane and warned it "Hold still bitch, unless you want me to miss that is?"



It shivered and the head shook slightly but Kathy had grabbed its upper arms firmly.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I sighted on the target, took a deep breath and then swung and the cane virtually disappeared into the great fold of its breast, the flesh wrapping around it as the weight of the blow forced it deeper and the bitches' scream echoed around the room.&nbsp; It gasped and screamed again that bleated out "Please master, no more.&nbsp; Let me name someone.&nbsp; Ple. "&nbsp; The cry was cut off by my backhanded swipe across its face and its head rocked.



"Silence slut.&nbsp; You had your chance and now must pay for it."&nbsp; It sobbed a bit but stayed still head handing slightly to one side as I crouched and examined the marked boob.&nbsp; There was a brief, suppressed gasp as it shuddered again in pain but stayed still while I rubbed a finger along the welt.



"That's better bitch."&nbsp; I said, letting go and rising and it gave a quiet moan as it realised the next blow was coming.&nbsp; However it stayed still and waited patiently until the second blow landed, bringing another cry from it but more muted this time.&nbsp; Again a brief inspection, which made it jerk slightly then it muttered a few words of thanks and I moved on.



The next bitch was September and it jerked nervously as I touched its left nipple with the cane and I started talking, "Your turn slut.&nbsp; 5..4..3"



It paused for a second then said "July". 



I thought for a second and there was a despairing moan from that bitches' direction, but I had already decided its breasts had taken enough punishment, at least of that sort, for the moment.&nbsp; "No, choice something else."



September jerked slightly in surprise and probably fear, taken off-guard by my reply then after a quick gulp said "January.&nbsp; Take that please."



There was a brief "You bitch", starting from January's direction cut short by the caress of&nbsp; Janine's strap.&nbsp; Another squawk came from September as I slapped it hard.&nbsp; "Name only bitch.&nbsp; You weren't given permission for anything else."&nbsp; I snapped and saw it shrink back in fear with some satisfaction.



I paused briefly then moved back to stand in front of January.&nbsp; It heard me approach and quivered, trying to cower back but was held in place by Janine.&nbsp; Again fear meant it kept quiet.



I pulled the two blows a little but still made sure of good firm contact and it was sobbing uncontrollably by the time I finished and briefly examined the breasts, both heavily bruised now, and with a little bleeding from the right nipple.&nbsp; It shuddered under my touch then quickly gabbled out some thanks when I asked "Anything to say bitch?"



October, when given the choice tried to name September and I remembered it, January and July were all colleagues.&nbsp; However I vetoed that as September was not one of the initial sinners.&nbsp; I smiled as I knew it would nicely stir hostility between the two.&nbsp; It gapped, its stance radiating confusion and it didn't come up with another name before the 5 seconds were up, slumping in despair when I announced "Times up".&nbsp; Carol grabbed it firmly by the shoulders and held it in position.&nbsp; I knew time was getting on so moved quickly, hitting first the left then the right breast.&nbsp; It screamed with each blow then gasped out the required words of thanks.



I walked slowly back to the table, placed the cane heavily on it and turned to face the assembled bitches.&nbsp; They presented a splendid sight, bruised and battered and several sobbing or moaning quietly. I motioned with my hand and the tutors moved in, ordering the bitched to straighten up and be silent and using their straps to enforce the orders.&nbsp; Although most of the bitches still hung their heads backs were straightened to give a clearer view of their breasts and thighs spread wider.&nbsp; The latter both gave a better view of their cunts and also a better balance.



After a couple of minutes they started to quieten down and I decided to turn the screw a little more on them.



"Bitches.&nbsp; As I said I will not be so lenient another time.&nbsp; The next time any of you rabbit without permission, I will double the punishment."&nbsp; This brought a series of gasps and groans, along with some slaps to bring quiet and resulting yelps.&nbsp; "Each tit will received a blow as collective punishment, which will not be transferable.&nbsp; To teach you all to behave!&nbsp; Then one further blow, which the obedient slaves will be permitted to transfer to the disobedient.

 

I moved forward to stand in front of December and addressed it.&nbsp; "December".&nbsp; It groaned audibly and shivered.&nbsp; "You claim to be a graduate.&nbsp; I presume that means you're capable of basic arithmetic?"&nbsp; After a short pause I snapped angrily "Well bitch?"&nbsp; It gulped and nodded nervously but wisely kept quiet.



"Lets do a small exercise to make it clear all you sluts.&nbsp; Say December yak's tonight but all the rest of you behave.&nbsp; That both it and November remember to report the crime and it plea's for punishment, to keep things as simple as possibly."



It was shaking fairly violently now.&nbsp; "What is the minimum number of blows that say, May would receive bitch, per tit that is?"&nbsp; I added with a grin to avoid confusion and emphasis the amount of punishment.



It quivered again, opened its cocksucker, stuttered then after a few seconds, blurted out "One master."



"Correct slut.&nbsp; Now what is the maximum it would receive?"



It gulped and replied "Two master."



"What would be required for the latter case?"



There was a short pause and Debbie raised its arm, ready to remind the bitch but it started speaking again in time to save itself from the blow.&nbsp; "If it decided to take the 2nd blow itself".&nbsp; A brief pause and it completed the reply with a belated "master."



"What would be your minimum punishment under this example bitch?"



It's head dropped and it said "One.., no two master." Correcting itself just in time.



"And the highest punishment?"



Its head dropped even further and the reply was so muted I asked "What slut?"



"It, it would be up to 13 hits per breast Master."&nbsp; This was followed by a large sob, while&nbsp; further moans came from the assembled slaves, quickly silenced by the tutors.



"Under those circumstances do you think you will be so eager to disobey orders in future bitch?"



It shook its head vigorously and said "No master.&nbsp; I'll behave master.&nbsp; Please don't".&nbsp; It jerked and cried out as Debbie, on a nod from me brought its strap down across its shoulder.&nbsp; "Enough bitch.&nbsp; The point of this lesson is that you learn to be quiet.&nbsp; Understand!"&nbsp; It nodded nervously.



I stepped back and asked.&nbsp; "Any of you other bitches want 13 of the cane per tit?"



There was vigorous shaking of heads.



"Then you will start behaving and keep your cocksuckers shut when they're not in use!"



The heads changed to equally vigorous nodding.



"Lets see if you start behaving.&nbsp; I think you now realise what will happen if you continue to be stupid."&nbsp; With that final warning I turned and stepped back to sit on the table and let the lesson sink in for a couple of minutes.



After a pause I said "In a minute your hands will be released and you will be able to go to all four for your morning drink.&nbsp; As before, make sure you don't touch the bowl with your hands.&nbsp; You're only allowed to use your tongues and cocksuckers.&nbsp; Understand!"&nbsp; This would make the drinking slower and more difficult and would also humiliate them further.&nbsp; Also such a stance would mean that their already sore breasts would often be in contact with the ground, causing discomfort from both friction and cold.



The tutors started uncuffing the slaves, who gave gasps of relief and rubbed their wrists, limited in the case of their left wrist by the cuffs still hanging from it.&nbsp; Both as a reminder to them of their bondage and as the easiest way, with both slaves and tutors nude, of holding the things ready for when they were wanted again.



"Of course June was greedy so its got another drink, before it has its water." I put clear emphasis on the before and brought a groan from the bitch but it yelped when Sandra slapped its arse and ordered silence.



Once all bitches were in position and June, encouraged by a couple of touches of the strap started licking up its piss, the bowls were put out for the other bitches and water poured in.&nbsp; Some needed a little guidance and several had problems with their hair falling into the bowls, but they started licking away, thirst and despair overcoming humiliation.



It took the best part of 30 minutes for the bitches to lick their bowls dry.&nbsp; July especially struggled, partly because of its long hair, partly its exhaustion.&nbsp; I think nearly as much of the water actually soaked into its hair and when it was lifted from the bowl strands of the latter hung dankly across its shoulders.&nbsp; Each bitch as it finished was ordered back onto its knees and had wrists recuffed, to wait until the rest had finished.&nbsp; The last was of course June, which needed frequent encouragement to clean the floor and then had to lick dry its bowl, which it did more eagerly, to remove the taste of its piss from its cocksucker.



While they were doing this I sat at the table, playing with a couple of the tutors, depending on which were available.&nbsp; Nothing dramatic, just some tit and cunt fondling, squeezing and a bit of pulling.&nbsp; A few bruises which, even without the serum would be healed in hours and far less then they were used to during their own training.&nbsp; It was just to keep me amused and fight off boredom.&nbsp; I had time to allow a quick blow-job, which I permitted Janine to do as its charges were fairly quiet and well behaved at the moment.



Finally the bitches had completed their drink and were ready to be dismissed back to their cages, prior to the day's training starting.&nbsp; I started walking to the door, between the two rows of kneeling bitches.&nbsp; Carol followed me, picking up the other two items ready and waiting on the table.&nbsp; When I got in front of August I stopped and said



"Before I forget August.&nbsp; In view of what you said last night I have decided to give it a couple of days before I try out your cocksucker."



It started slightly and flinched, suspecting something was coming.&nbsp; Not the brightest of bimbos I knew from my research but it was probably confused by what I said.&nbsp; I only gave it a few seconds to think things through and start feeling fear before I moved.&nbsp; Pivoting on my left heel I raised my right foot and shoved.&nbsp; With the heel pressed against its left boob and the toe against its jaw it reeled backwards. Although its spread thighs gave it a stable stance and I was shoving rather than kicking it was forced backwards and with a squeal started to fall over.



I followed through rapidly, planting my foot on its abdomen as I stepped between its spread knees.&nbsp; This not only completed forcing it on its back but the combination of pain and driving the air from it meant it was in no position to resist.&nbsp; While it was still gasping in agony I stepped off it, then knelt quickly, left knee cushioned by its right breast, right by its midriff.&nbsp; This cut short the gasps and pleas it was just starting while behind me Jane knelt.&nbsp; With its knees across August's upper thighs and grasping August's knees to keep them forced wide apart the bitch was effectively pinned, unable to move its lower body.&nbsp; Coupled with my pinning its upper body and its hands bound behind it, the bitch was left with no capacity to resist.



I held my right hand up and Carol passed me the 1st item, which I forced between August's jaws, further suppressing any objections.&nbsp; Several quick twists meant the spreader forced its jaws wide apart until it was gagging with the discomfort.&nbsp; Locking this in place I reached behind me again and Carol passed me the pair of priers.&nbsp; The bitch beneath me had been struggling in fear and pain, uncertain what was going on but this turned to sheer terror as it felt them grip on one of its upper front incisors and realised what was happening.&nbsp; However its position was hopeless, restricted as it was.&nbsp; I gave it a few seconds to realise this then tightened my grip and pulled.&nbsp; It yelled with pain as the tooth resisted for a few seconds then came loose.&nbsp; There was a spurt of blood and the wail grew louder.&nbsp; I turned slightly, depositing the tooth in the available depression handily supplied by its navel.&nbsp; Turning forward I switched the priers to my left hand then slapped it firmly across the face with my right.&nbsp; The impact of this was probably increased by the spreader in its cocksucker and with a brief cry of pain it fell silent.



"That's better bitch.&nbsp; Keep quiet.&nbsp; You can thank me when I've finished."&nbsp; As those words sank in it started to struggle again but another hard slap shut it up and it ceased to struggle.



"Think yourself lucky bitch.&nbsp; The next slave that threatened to attack its owner will suffer a lot more.&nbsp; Just be thankful you didn't get any further than threatening.&nbsp; It's only going to cost you two teeth." 



It moaned weakly and tried shaking its head.&nbsp; I gave it a lighter slap, and continued, "Unless you want me to remove 4?"&nbsp; It froze and briefly shook its head once, then stayed still, although I could feel its body shivering in terror beneath me.



"That's better.&nbsp; Stay still and it will be over in a couple of minutes.&nbsp; You can then thank your master and get on with your training."&nbsp; I moved the priers back to my right hand and used my left to lift its chin, checking on the state of its upper mouth.&nbsp; The socket was still bleeding but the flow was starting to slow a little. I felt its body jerk as I touched the tooth alongside with the priers and warned it "Steady!".&nbsp; It gagged slightly, swallowing a little blood to clear its throat but then held its head steady, although I could tell from the darkening of the mask around its eyes it was crying heavily.&nbsp; There was a brief gasp and quiver of its head as I positioned the priers and then I started pulling.&nbsp; I took my time with this one and it took a couple of minutes to work the tooth out.&nbsp; Finally it came loose and I added it to the other in the bitches' navel.



There was a sudden curse from Jane behind me, which brought a scowl.&nbsp; Looking around I noticed August's bladder had given out, soaking both their pubic areas with piss.



I reached behind me and said "Salt".&nbsp; Carol passed me a small package I broke open and, tilting August's head back I poured some onto its wounds.&nbsp; It tried struggling a little, especially as the salt started stinging.&nbsp; However I gripped its jaw firmly with one hand until most of the salt had been poured&nbsp; and then let it loose.&nbsp; The bitch was very still, whether through exhaustion or despair.&nbsp; I gave it a minute then unscrewed the spreader and removed it from the sluts cocksucker.



"Don't you have something to say slut?"&nbsp; I asked menacingly as it breathed heavily, grateful at the release.



"Please, please don't hurt me any more."&nbsp; It babbled.



I slapped it hard across the face.&nbsp; "Get it right bitch, or do you want to lose some more teeth?"



It gibbered for a few seconds then, after a deep intake of breath stutters out "Master.. master, that you for punishing me."



I rose, allowing it to breath in relief as my knees lifted from its body.&nbsp; Jane picked up the two teeth as I directed and also rose, looking down as its urine stained thighs with some disgust.&nbsp; Looking at August, blood still dribbling from its cocksucker I decided it would be pointless having that try and clear up and said so.&nbsp; Instead I directed that Jane get July, as August's cell-mate do the cleaning up instead.&nbsp; The latter whined briefly but grabbing July's hair in its hand Jane thrust the slut's face into its cunt and nervously it started licking up the fluid.



I dismissed the other slaves back to their cells, ready to await their next use.&nbsp; When July had finished cleaning Jane's thighs it was directed to the pool gathered where August had been lying, the latter quickly pulled out of the way by a couple of quick tugs on its hair.&nbsp; As it reluctantly licked at the puddle I did tell it that it would get a chance of payback later.&nbsp; Once it had finished they were dismissed to their cages and I instructed Jane that the next four times July wanted to piss, rather than use the bucket it would use August.&nbsp; By not letting the bitch know itself this would prevent any chance at subterfuge.&nbsp; Given how much each had suffered because of the other's behaviour I had good hopes of significant mistrust and hostility between them and wondered how reluctant July would be to degrade its fellow slave.















Chap 11:- The Second Day 



In this I make an assumption about the grooming habits of some of the slaves.&nbsp; They could well be inaccurate as in most of the cases I don't know how whether they stay clean or not.&nbsp; However 3 hairy cases is probably reasonably accurate statistically and it provides a plot requirement.&nbsp; Similarly I am taking an interview statement by April literally and to its logical if extreme conclusion.



Ver 2.0 - minor change to correct a logical discrepancy

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





The earlier problems with July meant that I was a day behind schedule but had eased the immediate pressure in terms of only having to process 6 bitches a day.&nbsp; I was still however unwilling to leave the others idle.&nbsp; Therefore I changed the format a little.&nbsp; Instead of randomly bitches were brought in for their 1st lesson in a set order.&nbsp; 



This was because 3 bitches, June, October and November were not fully shaven or waxed, which gave an opportunity to apply my personal preference and also emphasis my power.&nbsp; Since October and September were the pair that had already had their 1st session I was able to start with them prior to the formal training.&nbsp; September heard some movement and orders to October, then was extracted from its own cage and forced to kneel, hands cuffed in front of it and ankles similarly restrained behind it.&nbsp; It heard a groan from October as I knelt then the situation became clear as I directed its hands.



October had been positioned on the floor, hands tied beneath it and restraint on its waist and neck so it could not move.&nbsp; It's legs had been spread almost in a split and the ankles also bound.&nbsp; A wooden bowl had been placed on its lower abdomen.&nbsp; September found it was actually position between the other slaves legs.&nbsp; I was resting one knee on October's right thigh the other on its neighbouring flank, which had prompted the moan.&nbsp; There was a start from it as I moved September's hands forward, coming into contact with October's cunt and surprising them both.&nbsp; They were uncertain what was going on and September started feeling the other's cunt, wondering if I expected them to entertain me that way.&nbsp; I however slapped its hands away firmly, then redirected them to pull briefly at a strand of October's pubic hair.



I then moved its hands to the bowl on the other's navel and made it pick up the metal object inside.&nbsp; It was at this point that I think it realised what it would be required to do.&nbsp; Moving its hands again I positioned them so the tweezers were gripped around a strand of hair and then pulled them back.&nbsp; This provoked a yelp from October but Carol silenced it with a touch of the strap.&nbsp; I directed September's hands to drop the extracted hair into the bowl.



"You understand?"&nbsp; I said.&nbsp; It shook its head nervously.&nbsp; I slapped its near boob once and said "Yes you do bitch.&nbsp; I want this slut's cunt totally cleaned of hair.&nbsp; If there's any left when we come back to check you will both be VERY uncomfortable.&nbsp; Do I make myself clear!"&nbsp; To press home the point I grabbed September's small breast and squeezed firmly for a few seconds and made it scream in pain.&nbsp; When I let go I repeated the question "Clear?"&nbsp; It nervously nodded so I slapped it lightly about the face and snared "Get on with it then"



It bent forward and reached cautiously for another strand of hair.&nbsp; October tried to jerk away but was so tightly bound it could barely move a millimetre.&nbsp; It whined "Please, don't.&nbsp; That"&nbsp; The rest was cut short by my slap, backhanded with my left hand to its tits, followed rapidly by Carol applying the strap to the same area.&nbsp; Two yelps resulted then I grabbed one of the orbs and squeezed a little.&nbsp; Its cocksucker closed in a grimace and I said.&nbsp; "This will hurt a little.&nbsp; Compared to what you both will undergo it September hasn't completed its task when Carol comes back.&nbsp; Is that clear?"



It nodded quickly and after a final squeeze I let go, allowing it to breath in relief.&nbsp; As I rose off its body I made one final point.&nbsp; "Normal discipline applies.&nbsp; I.e. keep your cocksuckers closed.&nbsp; It there's any unauthorised yapping you're suffer a damned sight worse than what you would have from September leaving a few cunt hairs unpacked.&nbsp; Understand!"&nbsp; Both bitches nodded eagerly and September bent to resume its work.&nbsp; I watched for a couple of minutes as more hairs made their way to the bowl and November clenched its teeth to avoid crying out.



I knew this would keep both bitches occupied for a while.&nbsp; Also for October at least it would be uncomfortable, and both sluts would feel restrained by my degree of control.&nbsp; I had no doubt that September would do its best to complete its task and both would try and avoid breaking the silence, given the lesson from earlier that morning.&nbsp; This would not only reinforce my dominance but was September was causing October pain, without any chance to show any sympathy or regret it would cause emotional tension between them, further isolating them. October's earlier attempt to direct punishment to September could only improve the situation.



It was for a similar reason that I had decided to take June and December next for training, so as to free up those pairs for their own grooming activities.&nbsp; Each pucker would be given 4 hours then the tutor would arrive and give a detailed inspection.&nbsp; Since it was very likely that at least some hairs would be missed that would allow a brief strapping and then another session, that should keep most of the bitches occupied for the bulk of the day.



I was also able to avoid July being idle.&nbsp; After it had been allowed an hour's break Jane visited, extracted it from the cage and manacling it to the wall.&nbsp; Arms were stretched wide to each side and legs left about 3' apart.&nbsp; It was informed that it would get the chance to experience the electro-therapy that it choose for the other slaves the previous day.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was watching on the monitors prior to June being called to the training room and saw it shudder at the thought of 6 hours of agony, especially as it could remember how the other bitches had howled.&nbsp; However I had also discussed with Jane modifications to the session to make its plight worse.



For instance Jane pointed out that it would be unfair if July kept August from resting with its screams and hence it would be gagged.&nbsp; It was resigned to this and opened its cocksucker when ordered but was probably confused when it felt a light touch on its left arm.&nbsp; When Jane started feeding the gag into it the slave tried to struggle and resist as, at this point that it realised that the gag had been thoroughly soaked in a pool of piss.&nbsp; Jane dropped its right hand briefly and gave a stiff jab with its fist to July's already sore abdomen.&nbsp; This drove the breath from its lungs and stunned it.&nbsp; Jane continued feeding the piss-soaked cloth into its cocksucker until its lips were bulging, the bitch being unable to put up more than token resistance.&nbsp; It turned quickly, grabbing the length of adhesive tape it had hung from July's arm and fastened it across the latter's lower face before it could make any attempt to cough out the material.&nbsp; A brief check confirmed that it could still breathe through its nose and Jane stepped back to check on its work.&nbsp; This gave it a chance for a little more vengeance.&nbsp; [July did not know that in one way it was lucky.&nbsp; If I had not vetoed Jane's initial suggestion the gag would have been shit rather than piss soaked.&nbsp; However I had decided to leave that step until later].



"We need to check that gag is working adequately" it said as it dropped a hand down, inserting a couple of fingers into July's cunt.&nbsp; The later started but seemed resigned to the indignity.&nbsp; This changed however when Jane turned its hand so it was palm upwards, then started slowly lifting.&nbsp; July found the fingers pressing firmly on its clit and already battered cunt.&nbsp; I think it tried to gasp and moved quickly to lift itself onto its toes.&nbsp; Jane however continued slowly raising its hand and although July desperately tried to raise itself yet further the pressure continued to increase.&nbsp; July's head swung back, and its entire body frozen rigid in what was obviously intense pain but although I could see its face contort under the mask only the barest moan escaped the gag.&nbsp; After a few more seconds Jane let its hand drop and removed its fingers.&nbsp; July's body sagged in relief and exhaustion.&nbsp; Its torso was already dripping in sweat and on top of its previous ordeals its body dropped in clear exhaustion and despair.



Jane then attached a powerful clamp to July's right breast, not just the nipple but the entire areola. I saw the bitch jerk again at the pressure on the already battered flesh.&nbsp; A quick pull confirmed it was firmly attached and prompted another agonising twitch from the captive.&nbsp; A matching one followed on the left breast.



Jane then lent forward and whispered quietly "Just to make sure other areas don't feel neglected."&nbsp; I only heard the words because I had the sound turned up high and also aided by the fact I had of course told it what words to use.&nbsp; It quickly applied 2 more powerful clamps, one to each of its cunt lips.&nbsp; Quick pulls confirmed they were also firmly positioned and then weights added.&nbsp; July's frame jerked and twisted in agony that would doubtlessly have been far from quiet but for the gag. 



It then turned and walked away.&nbsp; From the doorway it said clearly, "be back in 6 hours, enjoy."&nbsp; Then throwing the switch that turned on the current it walked out of the cell.&nbsp; July's back arched violently as the current hit it, sending the weights swinging again, which further increased its pain.&nbsp; I watched for a couple of minutes.&nbsp; It gradually gained enough control to hold its body straighter so they slowly stopped but I knew it was in for a well deserved 6 unpleasant hours.



I turned and summoned Sandra to fetch June for its 1st personal session.&nbsp; It brought the bitch in shortly afterwards and started tying it up.&nbsp; Today I was more active, closing to maul its breasts while this occurred.&nbsp; June moaned a couple of times, especially as my fingers closed on bruises and welts but it have learnt that obedience was the safest step.&nbsp; Once Sandra had finished restraining it I gave its cunt and clit a quick probe, bringing a gasp from it then quickly explained the rules.&nbsp; It moaned when I mentioned the tit-lashing it would shortly received but again fear kept it from complaining.&nbsp; I applied the crop firmly, cutting horizontal lines across the vertical welts already across its breasts and it cried out repeatedly and shook in Sandra's firm grip.



It was only when I ordered it to lower itself onto the table and it realised this would mean a fall onto those already tortured breasts that it tried to complain.&nbsp; I silenced it quickly with a fist to its abdomen and as it gagged and leaned forward a little in response to the blow my hand snaked up to grab a fist full of hair and jerk it forward.&nbsp; Already struggling to hold its balance it managed a brief cry of fear as it fell forward, becoming a gasp as the impact and pain drove the remaining breath from it.&nbsp; Sandra moved quickly to leash its neck and I pulled its head back to warn it "I said quiet bitch.&nbsp; Or do you like pain that much."&nbsp; Accompanying this with a second punch to its side. 



This firm line achieved its purpose as the bitch, other than a bit of sobbing, put up no further resistance during the rest of the session.&nbsp; Even when I fucked it, stuck the plug up its arse and then made it remove the condom and lick me clean, other than moan a little, it put up no resistance.&nbsp; Finally I gave it a resounding slap on its reddened rump and said, "See bitch, it's all very simple if you just behave."&nbsp; Then turning to Sandra I told it, "That's all for the moment, take it back to its cell."&nbsp; June put up no resistance as it was unbound and led off.&nbsp; Unaware that it was heading off to have it cunt plucked.



In general all 6 bitches were far more passive than those processed the previous day.&nbsp; This was partly they had undergone another day nude, cold and hungry, which had helped sap their will.&nbsp; More importantly probably had been the morning session, which had made clear both my power over them and my determination to brook no opposition.&nbsp; Only January and December even put up as much resistance as June and both times a couple of quick punches brought them into line.&nbsp; August had it slightly easier as because of the state of its cocksucker all that needed to do was hold the plug until it was inserted up its arse.&nbsp; However, still shocked by what had happened earlier it was virtually totally passive.&nbsp; Its head hanging and a ribbon of dried blood running from its chin down between its marked breasts it looked very erotic and it was with difficulty that I resisted my initial impulse to give it a quick beating.



Several of the tutors had orders to return after they had recaged the bitches.&nbsp; Those were the ones who's charges had disobeyed during the night.&nbsp; In general they received a quick tit lashing , 6 - 12 strokes with a crop.&nbsp; Janine and Sandra also received clamps on their nipples for the respective mis-behaviour of January and June during the morning assembly.&nbsp; They would hold them for an hour then I would allow them to be pulled off.&nbsp; In each case the bitches knew they would be allowed [and expected] to punish the guilty sluts themselves later.



For Jane its punishment, was more serious, to reflect the seriousness of August's crimes.&nbsp; Mostly this was its threat to its master, but also it making a mess and Jane's own response of talking without permission.&nbsp; I took one of the simpler vices, two metal bars, about 1" wide and 18" long, held together by screws at each end.&nbsp; I fitted it over its breasts then gradually turned the screws until slightly less than an inch separated the two bars. It groaned briefly in pain but knew it could have had much, much worse.&nbsp; However it looked so sexy as the protruding breasts swelled and turned red I couldn't resist playing with its nipples for a few minutes.&nbsp; While I did this I also gave it further unwelcome news, that I had decided July's Electro-therapy would be ended after 4 hours.&nbsp; I think it was that as much as the pulling and twisting of its nipples that made it grimace.&nbsp; It smiled however when I made clear that I wanted July rested a little during the day as after tea it would have another session, as I was not finished with the bitch today.&nbsp; 



I dropped one hand to insert a couple of fingers up its cunt and as I expected it was quite wet.&nbsp; One result of the amounts of pain the bitches go through during their reconstruction is that they become sexually excited by it.&nbsp; Probably a survival mechanism to help them manage the pain it frequently also helped persuade them they are pain sluts who actually enjoyed what was done to them.



I instructed Jane to tighten each screw another half turn, which it did, wincing beautify in the process then ordered it to leave, giving its arse a good whack as it went past.&nbsp; This in turn made it jump, jarring its boobs further and making the vice bobble with its tits.&nbsp; It had been instructed to get on with its normal work but to return the next time I was free, once an hour had passed. 



The only bitch that actually surprised me was April.&nbsp; I hadn't been expecting much from the slut and got little reaction when I mauled its large breasts, although I used more force than with the others.&nbsp; It gasped and groaned a little but made no effort to do anything else and only cried out a little, when I applied the crop to the same bruised orbs. There was a clear shriek when I used its hair to pull it down onto the table, not bothering to tell it to lower itself.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; However after this it again became passive, even when I laid into its arse with the crop.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It moaned and fidgeted a little but even less than the other sluts had done while undergoing the same process.&nbsp; Partially in frustration I yanked its hair hard to lift its head for the plug to go into its cocksucker and rammed that home firmly, making it gag and choke a little.



It was only after that I discovered its secret.&nbsp; Kathy took a couple of minutes to stoke up my cock then fitted a condom.&nbsp; I positioned myself behind April, slapping its arse hard and then reached between its spread legs to guide myself into its cunt.&nbsp; To my surprise my fingers found its hole both gapping open and already dripping freely.&nbsp; I quickly inserted 4 fingers, then virtually the bulk of my hand and jabbed in and out several times.&nbsp; It gasped and groaned, rocking its body and I detected clear signs of pleasure and excitement from it.&nbsp; When I removed my hand it was coated with the bitch's juices.&nbsp; 



I moved quickly to the other side of the table, yanked its head back again and ordered it to drop the plug.&nbsp; I then jabbed my wet hand against its cocksucker and it eagerly started to lick its own juices off my hand.&nbsp; "You're enjoying this aren't you slut?"&nbsp; I asked and its head nodded briefly before I pushed my hand further into its cocksucker, making it choke a little and forcing it to concentrate on the task of cleaning my hand.&nbsp; Belatedly I remembered a comment in an article it had made, about enjoying rough treatment and having its hair pulled during sex.&nbsp; I had considered it just one of those lies to excite juvenile fans but possibly it had been telling the truth and I had a nature submissive slut on my hands.



When it had licked my hand clean as much as possibly I used its hair as a towel, giving a few vigorous tugs in the process and prompting a couple of yelps of pain in the process.&nbsp; I motioned to Kathy and it untied April's leash, which meant I could lift its head until its back arched painfully.&nbsp; It tried lifting from the hips to straighten its back but under my instructions Kathy moved behind it and applied both hands to its lower back, forcing that down to the table.&nbsp; April twisted a little, trying to reduce the discomfort but its back was now arched through nearly 90 degrees.



"So you like a little pain do you bitch?" I asked sardonically.&nbsp;&nbsp; It nodded feebly.&nbsp; My right hand came over to grasp its right breast and I began to pinch, pull and twist the flesh as firmly as possible.&nbsp; It gave a small gasp then started to wiggle and moan a little.&nbsp; As I continued it started to breathe more heavily and squeal a bit.&nbsp; After another minute I stopped and removed my hand and it gave a moan of relief.&nbsp; This was short lived however as I started slapping the sore flesh with the palm of my hand, quickly starting it grunting and moaning again.&nbsp; After about 15 slaps it moaned louder and briefly gasped out "Please.&nbsp;&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; I can't take any more."



I stopped and it gasped with relief. This was however short-lived as I was repositioning my left hands' grip in its hair.&nbsp; Having done that I just said "Tough".&nbsp; Then my fist made contact with its battered breast and for the first time it cried with real agony.&nbsp; I hit it 6 more times as it struggled weakly then stopped and slammed it back down on the table.&nbsp; There was a final scream as it hit the table then it lay sobbing for a few seconds.&nbsp; 



I gave it a few seconds to recover while I instructed Kathy.&nbsp; It reached over from behind April and digging both fists into its hair pulled its head back up.&nbsp; The bitch screamed and gabbled out a desperate "No, please, no mo.."&nbsp; The latter cut off by another scream I punched its left breast.&nbsp; Standing directly in front of it now I was able to brace myself and get much more force into my blows.&nbsp; For about 30 seconds I swung freely, a furry of blows hitting both breasts.&nbsp; I then signed Kathy who let go, allowing it to drop to the table again.&nbsp; The bitch lay there sobbing and moaning while Kathy retied its leash.&nbsp; 



After a minute or so I lifted its head again and it stopped sobbing, in terror.&nbsp; "Never, I repeat, never bitch, tell you're owner you can't take any more.&nbsp; That's his decision, not yours.&nbsp; Understand!"&nbsp; I emphasised the last point with a shake of its head.



"Please master, I'm sorry.&nbsp; I ".&nbsp; I cut it short with a slap from my free hand.&nbsp; "I didn't give you permission to speak!"



It sobbed again and nodded in acknowledgement.&nbsp; I left go of its hair moved back around the table and began fucking it.&nbsp; The bitch was still damp, although I suspect largely from the early stages of its treatment.&nbsp; It was however the only one that tried using its body to please me as after the first few seconds its pussy started to contract in time with my thrusts.&nbsp; It might even have tried pushing back in time, although motion from that must have been agonising for its tits, rubbing against the metal tabletop.&nbsp; I was already fairly excited and came after a few minutes, pumping into it then collapsing on top of it, bringing another cry from it as my weight crushed it down into the table.



I rested a couple of minutes then made it squeal again as I lifted myself up with hands on its shoulders, grinding its boobs into the table then as I lifted fully and pulled back out of it gave its right cheek a resounding slap that echoed around the chamber.&nbsp; "Not bad bitch.&nbsp; A few more hours practice and you might make a passable fuck."&nbsp; It moaned briefly but lay there while I rounded the table. There was a gasp of surprise when I lifted its head but it obediently opened its cocksucker as I thrust my organ forward then began licking when I said "Clean".&nbsp; It was also reasonably quick in getting the hang of pulling off the condom and swallowed it without complaint.&nbsp; I patted it briefly on the head then said to Kathy "Thank this back to its cage."



I knew that the bitch presented a potential problem.&nbsp; What I needed was to totally destroy the slave's will and identity and given it no choice but total submission.&nbsp; A willing slave was no good for my purpose as without completely breaking it some sense of identity would persist.&nbsp; As such there was always the danger that at some point it might resurface, causing the slave to object to an order, or possibly even try and break away.&nbsp; This was no great danger while it was under my control but if nothing else would be seriously embarrassing if it occurred after the slave had been sold on.&nbsp; My reputation depended heavily on trust and selling faulty goods would have a serious impact on it.&nbsp; Therefore I would have to give some thought to how to be certain I totally broke its will.



However the rest of the bitches were processed quickly and without marked resistance.&nbsp; One result of the longer time taken with April was that the next slut was introduced about 50 minutes into Jane's hour so it had to wait about another 30 minutes until I had finished with that one before it could approach for permission to have the clamp removed.&nbsp; By this time the breasts were a dramatic purple and even a trained slave couldn't resist whimpering when I gave them another squeeze.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes I gave my permission and allowed it to start unscrewing the bars.&nbsp; Having it do this itself made things more difficult for it and also allow me more time to place with its boobs.&nbsp; Finally the vice came loose and it sank to its knees as the blood flowed back into the boobs, delayed by my more vigorous mauling.&nbsp; Since the last of the 6 sluts had been processed for the day I allowed it to give me a blow job and was pleasantly surprised when its experienced tongue and lips managed to get me off within 15 minutes.&nbsp; Finally it sank back onto its arse, licking its lips, breasts regaining their normal shape and colour apart from the line of bruising across them.&nbsp; The smirk on its face nearly made me kick it hard in the cunt but instead I just said "Heel" and turning walking away, hearing it scrambling quickly to its hands and knees and began to crawl after me.&nbsp; I left the chamber and went about 20 yards along the corridor, hearing it gasping behind me as it struggled to keep up.&nbsp; Finally I turned, let it catch up the last couple of yards to be on all fours, panting with exertion as I bent down and patted it on the head.&nbsp; "Good bitch, dismissed."



I gave it an hour for things to settle down and check up on some details.&nbsp; Enjoyed a viewing of the highlights of July's therapy, including the way its slumped body was virtually dragged back to its cage once Jane cut the current and unchained it.&nbsp; Although the clamps and weights had been removed I allowed Jane to keep it gagged and this was only removed now, as the bitches were summoned for their 1st meal.



They were lined up in two staggered rows as before, kneeling with wrists cuffed behind them and tutors stationed behind their charges.&nbsp; The latter had already got the bowls lined up on the floor in front of the table, apart from the three that were actually on it.&nbsp; While the 9 on the floor were simple plain tins of dog food the other 3 had been flavoured.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I walked in, sat on the table besides them and enjoyed the view.&nbsp; April with its breasts almost black and July, similarly decorated and despite occasional touched of the strap from Jane sagging with exhaustion looked especially good.&nbsp; All of them&nbsp; carried at least some bruising and they were also slumped and in a couple of cases looking thinner already.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes I rolled a dice.&nbsp; It was a 2 so I pointed at the 1st bowl on the table and then February and Janine nodded.&nbsp;&nbsp; The next roll was a 9 so I pointed at bowl 2 and then September for Carol.&nbsp; Finally an 8 won August the 3rd special dish and a grin from Jane as it saw it would get some payback.



The bitches were uncuffed and positioned on hands and knees and the tutors started positioning the plates.&nbsp; 



"Since behaviour has been adequate today you will be permitted a meal.&nbsp; As with your drinking you will be expected to use tongue and lips only.&nbsp; You will have 15 minutes, by which time you WILL have cleared your plate or else there will be individual and collective punishment.&nbsp; Do you understand?"&nbsp; I paused and they nodded quickly.&nbsp; By this time at least some of them might have been expecting they would have reservations about the meal but I knew they were both fearful of angering me and very hungry.&nbsp; I continued.&nbsp; "You will commence eating only when your tutors have given you the sign and will do so in silence.&nbsp; Nothing will move from its position until all have finished eating and permission is given.&nbsp; After the food you will be allowed to drink.&nbsp; The same rules will apply expect you will only need 10 minutes to lick your bowl dry.&nbsp; Then, presuming all you stupid sluts have followed those simple instructions, you will be given permission to thank me and taken back to your cells."



The bitches probably thought that being fed like dogs was meant to degrade them.&nbsp; A few might have guessed from the smell, or later the taste, that they were being fed dog food, which would strengthen the idea.&nbsp; To a degree it was true in that they would react that way.&nbsp; However time would teach them that as objects they ranked far below any life forms.&nbsp; Even things such as worms and cockroaches, which they would not be allowed to killed without their owner's permission.&nbsp; Being used as sexual relief by more advanced animals, such as dogs or donkeys would quality as a major privilege for them.



By this time the tutors had largely completed the distribution.&nbsp; It took a little longer for those in the back rank and also those who needed to make sure they had to pick the specials off the table.&nbsp; They then returned to the table to pick up a cane each and returned to their position behind the bitches.&nbsp; I waited a few seconds for them to raise their arms and brace themselves then lifted and dropped my own arm.&nbsp; They swung their arms, sweeping the cane across the arse of the right bitch of each pair then, while its was still yelling with the shock, raised it again, this time across their chests, for a backhanded sweep across the other arse.&nbsp; Those sluts were luckier as this blow was probably lighter and they had been warned to prepare for something unpleasant by the cries of their fellow slaves.&nbsp; Even so they also cried out at the blow.



It took the bitches a few seconds to realise that instead of just another bout of pain this was the sign for them to start eating.&nbsp; It was lucky that the three die rolls had come up as they had.&nbsp; As a result all 3 bitches were very close to each other and I could position myself just behind February and in front of August and September.&nbsp; Those were the three most likely to cause a problem and I wanted to be ready to respond quickly.&nbsp; Several of them had still not got the message by then so I snarled&nbsp; "Well, get on with it!"&nbsp; With the occasional support of a tutor's strap they realised and lowered their heads to start eating.



February took a mouthful then gagged and spat it out.&nbsp; It coughed but before it could do anything more Janine lashed it across the arse with the strap and commander "Eat".&nbsp; It paused, lowered its'&nbsp; cocksucker, gave one lick then started to raise its head and say "No.&nbsp; That's disgusting.&nbsp; I'm not eat"&nbsp; This was cut short by its scream as my boot rammed into its cunt.&nbsp; It collapsed to the floor moaning and withering, hands dropping to its cunt.&nbsp; The second kick hence caught those fingers, crushing them in turn and making it squirm again.



"February has noticed that some of the meals have been flavoured."&nbsp; I spoke calmly into the sudden silence.&nbsp; "This is deliberate.&nbsp; I'm not having fickle slaves getting choosy about what they eat and making demands on their treatment.&nbsp; As such, while your diet will be adequate to maintain you're functioning, some bowls at each meal will include flavouring to get you used to a wide range of tastes and materials.&nbsp; You bitches will consume anything and everything presented to you, immediately and without objection.&nbsp; Disobedience will not be tolerated!"&nbsp; After a short pause I continued.&nbsp; "What are you waiting for.&nbsp; Get on with it."



Several bitches had stopped, confused or concerned after February's initial outburst.&nbsp; Most now quickly dropped their heads and began eating again, some nervously, cautiously trying to sample their food, others driven by hunger and fear to eat more rapidly.&nbsp; Others were encouraged by the straps of their tutors.&nbsp; I noticed briefly that August recoiled with a yelp, as it obviously found one of the dollops of mustard that had been added to its meal but, after shaking its head briefly lowered again and resumed eating.&nbsp; By the time it had finished the bowl I suspect the mustard and also scatter of curry powder would make it eager for its drink.



I turned back and stepped forward to alongside the groaning February.&nbsp; Going down on one knee I grabbed its hair with my right hand, causing it to cry out as I lifted it up.&nbsp; Its hands lifted to flutter around its head then dropped to its arse again as Janine gave it a couple of hard blows and warned it "Be still slut!"



I shook its head to attract its attention.&nbsp; "Are you ready to eat yet slut?"&nbsp; It gasped and heaved for a few seconds then started talking "Please.&nbsp; Don't make me ".&nbsp; Seeing it was still disobedient I let go of its hair, rose as it fell and swung quickly to give it a number of quick kicks to its flank.&nbsp; Although probably only one got through to its tits as the arm sought to block further blows a number from shoulder to upper thigh left it moaning and withering weakly.&nbsp; I glanced around quick and said "Finished already May?" as I noticed that bitch had its head up. It shot quickly down into its bowl and resumed eating, although Sandra reminded it with a number of lashes.



I took one step, onto February's back, bringing a new cry from it as I stepped over to the other side, twisting my heel slightly.&nbsp; Stepping down and turning I gave 3 quick kicks to its right flank then knelt onto to, grabbing its hair again and lifting it head as far as it would go with its torso pinned.&nbsp; 



"It's not as if you haven't tasted that before."&nbsp; I said.&nbsp; In this case the bitch was faced with a bowl of dog food well soaked with piss and I knew it had already, albeit reluctantly, drunk that once already.&nbsp; "Or is it the dog food rather than the piss you object to?"&nbsp; This brought a couple of gasps from neighbouring sluts, as they gained confirmation as to what they were eating and also the flavouring it was objecting to.&nbsp; Again the tutor's reminded them of their tasks.



It had not said anything so I shook its head again.&nbsp; "You're running out of time bitch.&nbsp; If you're too late completing this meal you earn all you bitches punishment.&nbsp; And after I've finished with you I might let them give you some payback.&nbsp; Understand?"&nbsp; The latter was accompanied with another vigorous shake of its head then I let it drop, back into the bowl of material it found so objectionable.&nbsp; "Hungry yet?"&nbsp; I asked again.



After a few seconds it wearily nodded its head in submission and began to lick at the bowl.&nbsp; After about 10 more, I lifted my weight off it, prompting a groan of relief as it gingerly got its arms underneath it and raised itself to all fours.



From this point on there were no further problems.&nbsp; Several of the bitches were nervous at first but, finding while the taste was unpleasant nothing repulsive and being reminded by their tutors of the time began to eat more rapidly.&nbsp; August struggled with its bowl but attacked it with new eagerness when I gently nudged its hanging boob with my boot and told it to hurry up.



I waited a couple of minutes more then crouched alongside September.&nbsp; It had cleared most of its bowl, without obvious problems and I smiled as I saw it grab another mouthful.&nbsp; It froze as my hand caressed its left breast and I saw a quiver run through its torso.&nbsp; I twisted its nipple hard and said "Did I tell you to stop?"&nbsp; It winced then quickly resumed eating, ignoring a couple of further pinches from me other than shuffling slightly.&nbsp; 



"Good to see your enjoying your protein supplements."&nbsp; It frozen again and this time I pinched the nipple harder and pulled down, stretching its small breast.&nbsp; Its cocksucker opened in pain but if managed to avoid crying out until I let go.&nbsp; It had suspected that it had been eating something from the small, bitter tasting lumps it had found but had not dared stop.&nbsp; Now however I had confirmed it had been eating something it would find unsavourily.



"Please....&nbsp; Master.... What am I eating?"&nbsp; It asked nervously, with a quiver in its voice.&nbsp; It then cried out in pain but with the limited space I hadn't been able to get much force into the punch and it only pushed the breast to one side rather than being able to crush it against its ribcage.&nbsp; Even so it sagged briefly.&nbsp; I grabbed the breast and dug my fingers in, although not as fiercely as I could have done, and its back arced and head shot up in agony.



"Don't you sluts ever lean to keep quiet!"&nbsp; I gave the breast another couple of twists, prompting more cries then let go and started rising.&nbsp; Giving its arse a quick slap as I did so I said "Continue!"&nbsp; It gasped again and staggered slightly then after a few seconds its head dipped down and it resumed eating.



I moved back, where I could get a clear view of all the sluts eating while enjoying a gentle fondle, by my standards, of Carol's arse.



By the end of the 15 minutes all the bitches had finished except for February, although it was struggling to catch up and had nearly completed.&nbsp; I nodded to Janine and signalled two and its strap lashed across the bitch twice, causing it to arch its back and cry out but then it resumed at a faster pace.&nbsp; A couple of minutes later it finally finished and shuffled back a little, its chest heaving.



By this time all the bitches were waiting nervously and fidgeting a little as they grew tired, their arms and knees aching.&nbsp; Also I knew August would be increasingly discomforted by the highly spiced meal it had been forced to consume and was probably desperately hoping it would get to drink soon.



After another couple of minutes I spoke.&nbsp; "February, do you know what those last two strokes were for?"&nbsp; 



It shook its head nervously.



"That's when you ran out of time you lazy slave."&nbsp; It shuddered and its head dropped in fear.&nbsp; "You would have been fine if you hadn't spent so long complaining.&nbsp; Did you hear any of the others objects?"&nbsp; It shook its head nervously.&nbsp; "Did August complain about its curry?"&nbsp; It was a rhetorical question but the bitch was too consumed by its own terror and just shivered and waited for the expected punishment.&nbsp; "I think September even enjoyed its cockroaches."&nbsp; I heard that bitch start gagging as it struggled to avoid throwing up.&nbsp; Carol, as pre my whispered instructions knelt beside it and pointed out that if it threw up it would have to clean up the mess.&nbsp; It struggled for a couple of minutes but finally gained control of its digestive system.



However my main attention was on February and I continued.&nbsp; "As you were warned, disobedience will mean punishment.&nbsp; This will cost two lashes."



I waved my hand for the punishment to begin but this was not for February, but the collective punishment on the other slaves.&nbsp; Each tutor laid two hard strokes on the exposed backs of their charges then moved onto the other one.



"And finally, once it has apologised for its behaviour and begged for punishment, twelve for February itself."&nbsp; It gasped audibly but for the moment said nothing paralysed by fear I suspect.&nbsp; "Unless it thinks that is too trivial a punishment and wishes then to be doubled."



This broke the dam and it quickly stuttered out a response.&nbsp; "Please, master."&nbsp; Then after a pause "Please master.&nbsp; I apologise for my tardiness.&nbsp; Please... please punish me."



"You heard it."&nbsp; I said motioning and both Janine and Kathy moved forward to stand either side of its rear legs.&nbsp; This saved time as while one lifted their strap for the next blow the other could lash forward.&nbsp; It also had the additional; bonus of meaning February suffered the pain in a more concentrated form.&nbsp; It cried out repeatedly and by the last couple of blows had collapsed onto its torso but wisely made no attempt to either evade the blows or block them with its arms.&nbsp; Finally it was left bleeding slightly and sobbing profusely on the ground.



I allowed the bitch to rest a little like this while the tutors took the bowls and filled them with water, returning them to positions in front of the bitches.&nbsp; When given permission, by word rather than lash this time, they fell too, drinking quickly. Not surprisingly August finished its bowl first, seeking to drown the raging fire within it.&nbsp; The rest were slower but both fearing to anger me by failing again and probably very thirsty none took their time.&nbsp; 



Finally they had all finished and were returned to standard position kneeling with thighs spread and arms behind them.&nbsp; Before their wrists were rebound I had a few final words.&nbsp; Punishments were declared for February and September for both talking without permission during the meal.&nbsp; Then I said. "February's behaviour meant that all you sluts were punished.&nbsp; As I mentioned earlier permission would be given for retaliation.&nbsp; Therefore if any bitch wants it given additional punishment say nothing but raise your hand now."



Rather to my surprise both April and December raised their hands, then rather hurriedly lowered them.&nbsp; "Right, that's 3 votes for punishment, 6 more lashes."&nbsp; My purpose in deceiving them on the number of votes was to increase mistrust and fear about who had nominated them for punishment.&nbsp; If, as I had expected, none of them had voted I would have said two had but increasingly the numbers by one would increased doubt and uncertainty for all of them.



February cried out "No!" but Janine grabbed its hair and twisted it back with a vengeance to attract its attention.&nbsp; "Silence!"&nbsp; it said, "unless you want further punishment."&nbsp; The bitch subsided into a few sobs and I said "Since the slave thinks the punishment is inadequate I will allow it to be increased to 8 strokes.&nbsp; I will also permit them to be confined to its front."



It gasped again but this time wisely decided to stay quiet.&nbsp; All the bitches were cuffed as there was no point in leaving them unbound and it removed any danger of problems.&nbsp; They were then ordered to sit straight and wait while February was punished.&nbsp; Kathy actually held its shoulder to keep it in place while Janine and Sandra quickly delivered the blows.&nbsp; The bitch quivered and shook, crying out repeatedly, then when it was completed was allowed to slump to the floor.



I ordered the tutors to return the bitches to the cells, give them a toilet break then cage them for the night.&nbsp; It was still quite early, about 7pm, but they had had a long day and as I reminded them would have an even longer one tomorrow.&nbsp; 



It took some time to get the bitches returned to their cells and there was one thing I definitely still wanted to see.&nbsp; I changed my footwear, still wearing boots but with softer soles so I could move silently.&nbsp; I followed the bitches and quietly entered cell 4, where Jane had been playing for time, keeping the bitches busy until I arrived.



It asked July if it wished to piss and it nodded.&nbsp; When first asked if it wanted to shit as well it seemed uncertain but June made clear it would have no further chance until the following night.&nbsp; At this point the slut nodded, if a little reluctantly.&nbsp; It was however confused when before being led to the bucket it was warned it must only shit and not piss.&nbsp; Reluctantly it knelt, then bent forward, moaning as its breast took the weight.&nbsp; There was a low moan of relief&nbsp; as Jane released the ribbing and pulled the butt-plug from its arse.&nbsp; It then pulled July's hair to force its head forward and presented the plug to its cocksucker.&nbsp;&nbsp; July reluctantly opened its lips and I heard it groan as the shit stained rod was pushed into its mouth and on down its throat.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the plug was virtually all the way in Jane lifted July's torso to a vertical position.&nbsp; Its head was still left arced backwards so the plug had a straight passage down into its throat.&nbsp; Clumsily it was lifted and guided to the bucket, then allowed to site down on it.&nbsp; The warning about not pissing was repeated by Jane, its hand loosely gripped around one breast in warning.



Once July had shit it was lifted off the bucket and asked again if it still wanted to piss.&nbsp; Confused the bitch nodded again, awkward with the plug still down its throat.&nbsp; It was moved to near the centre of the chamber and left standing, head backwards and legs spread apart 2' apart.



Jane then pulled August over and had it kneel in front of July, it's knees actually protruding between the other sluts legs.&nbsp; Only then were the two bitches informed what I had decided earlier.&nbsp; That in compensation for July clearing up August's mess earlier, until informed otherwise, August was July's pisspot and the latter would only be able to use it and not the bucket.



This caused a cried "No" from August, muffled as its head was pushed between July's legs.&nbsp; The latter staggered slightly, obviously uncertain as to what to do but August's continued struggles decided the matter.&nbsp; I took a couple of steps to position myself then swung a low kick, passing between July's legs from behind it, burying the toes of my boot deep into August's cunt.&nbsp; It's shriek, muffled by July's cunt, was still clear and it slumped in agony.&nbsp; 



I motioned to Jane who pulled August back by its hair, allowing it to fall onto its back.&nbsp; July jerked as I tapped it on the flank and said "Don't move bitch."&nbsp; It nodded nervously as I moved passed it to rest my right foot on August's midriff, making it grunt in pain as I increased my pressure.



"You don't learn, do you bitch.&nbsp; You can't even obey the simplest order."



It tried to beg "Please. Please.&nbsp; I'm sorryyy, Ahh!"&nbsp; The outburst was cut short by pain as I jabbed down hard with my heel.



"I didn't give you permission to yak bitch.&nbsp; For once shut the crap up!"&nbsp; It wisely followed instructions, only gasping a bit as my heel jabbed it again.



"Every damned time to say you're going to obey.&nbsp; Then as soon as you get the chance you start moaning, objecting, disobeying.&nbsp; I was generous this morning, letting July clean up your mess.&nbsp; Are you grateful?"&nbsp; I nudged it again.&nbsp; "No you revolting little shit.&nbsp; As soon as you get the chance to pay it back you start whining again."



I paused, nudging it a couple more times but making no comment for the moment.&nbsp; It breathed a sigh of relief as I lifted my foot but I was just taking a step forward and a moment later it lowered again, this time across its breasts.&nbsp; It's cocksucker opened in a combination of pain and fear but I wasn't putting much pressure on for the moment.&nbsp; I warned it.&nbsp; "Say nothing bitch.&nbsp; Listen.&nbsp; They decide whether you want to obey or earn yourself more pain.&nbsp; Understand?"&nbsp; I increased the pressure slightly and it squirmed and nodded eagerly.&nbsp; I lifted my foot a little, but not as much as before and continued.



"You will be punished of course.&nbsp; For a start there will be 200 strokes and 50 specials. "&nbsp; It gasped at that but wisely said nothing.&nbsp; "Furthermore you will do the role assigned to you.&nbsp; Quickly, and without any complaint!"&nbsp; I emphasised the point with some more pressure and it nodded quickly.&nbsp; I pointed out to it.&nbsp; "Plenty thick aren't you?&nbsp; You're just agreed to do what you refused, having gained a kick in the cunt, a few bruises" pressing down again with my boot to make the point, " and quite a beating."&nbsp; Its cocksucker opened in pain and possibly despair as the validity of my point and after a couple of seconds I relaxed the pressure.



"However I've had enough so there's more."&nbsp; It groaned and I increased the pressure again until it was silent.&nbsp; Since you object to being a pisspot we might as well simplify matters.&nbsp; Until further notice you are July's toilet.&nbsp; Period!"&nbsp; It frozen for a couple of seconds as the meaning of that sank in then started shaking its head.



I brought my full weight down on its breasts for about 5 seconds, turning the protest I think it was planning to make into a scream.&nbsp;&nbsp; Stepping back once that foot was on the ground my other one swung a low kick into it left breast.&nbsp; With arms bound behind it there was no way it could have blocked the blow, even if it could have seen it and the arms helped by raising its breasts, making them a easier target.



"Nod if you agree."&nbsp; I said.&nbsp; It whimpered and moaned for 5 seconds then screamed as I kicked its boob again, this time with more of my weight behind it.&nbsp; Its back arched in agony and it nearly managed to turn away from me before flopping back down, panting in exhaustion.&nbsp; The third kick made it grunt again and its head started nodding rapidly.



I gave it a few seconds to recover, just lying there whining pitifully.&nbsp; After about a minute I asked it again.&nbsp; "You are about to behave now slut?"&nbsp; It nodded eagerly.&nbsp; "You will apologies and take your punishment, then do any tasks your set?"&nbsp; Again it nodded.



I gave it a pause then said. "First you will apologise to your master, thank me for punishing you and beg for the rest of it?"



Its voice was thin and unsteady, "Master,&nbsp; this slave is sorry it misbehaved.&nbsp; ... It thanks you for punishing it and .."&nbsp; It paused uncertainly, then continued, "begs you to...., to punish it further as required."



"Well for a start one tit has received 3 kicks before you started showing some manners.&nbsp; Obviously, in the interests of balance the other should take the same."



It shuddered and closed its cocksucker, head shaking briefly.



"Or do you think you're left boob wants a few more kicks before we start on the other?"&nbsp; It frozen again, probably unable to belief I was serious.&nbsp; "Well?"&nbsp; I asked in a menacing tone.



It gulped, swallowing deeply then finally started "Please master, please... kick my right breast."



"Let me hear you beg properly, and how many times you want it kicked!"&nbsp; I was determined to drive my point home about how helpless it was.



"Please master...&nbsp; I'm begging you....&nbsp; Please kick my right breast three times."



"See you can ask politely."&nbsp; I said as I brought my left foot down on its midriff, driving the air from it in a great gush.&nbsp; Its shoulders rose as it partially jack-knifed but fell back down as I stepped off on the other side.&nbsp; I turned on my heel, stepped back a little further then sank my boot into its right breast.&nbsp; It screamed again, jerked and shook for several seconds.&nbsp; 



I gave it about a minute, after which its breathing had started to recover.&nbsp; It was however soaked in sweet and still moaning, almost deliriously.&nbsp; 



"Well?"&nbsp; The word puzzled it, or perhaps it was too deep into its agony.&nbsp; "Aren't you going to thank you're master and beg for the next one?"&nbsp; Its head slumped to the floor in despair and I suspect if I could have seen its face panic and terror would have struggled for dominance.&nbsp; I gave it another nudge.&nbsp; "Or are you saying that last kick was too weak to count."&nbsp; 



I doubt if it actually had any resistance left but that gave it a nudge into action.&nbsp; Its voice broke as it said "Master, ... thank you for kicking me.&nbsp; Please... please do it again."



"Do you call that begging slut?&nbsp; Give some authenticity.&nbsp; Make it sound like you're serious."



It gasped again, paused then stumbling over the words, said "Please master.&nbsp; This slave thanks you for punishing it&nbsp; and...&nbsp; and begs you please kick its tits again."



I accepted this and swung my boot again.&nbsp; This time I had moved along a bit so I hit from slightly under rather than over the nipple level.&nbsp; The large orb still wobbled enjoyably and its scream, although now very thin echoed around the room.&nbsp; It fell back and looked as if it had lost consciousness, lying limply.



I decided to give it three minutes.&nbsp; Actually, shortly after two it started to move its head again and moan a little.&nbsp; Crouching down over it I saw how the blows had dramatically increased the bruising on its boobs, already marked from the morning and a relatively little mauling when it had undergone its training session.&nbsp; There was still that sexy little trail of dried blood from its cocksucker to it throat and then between its battered boobs. 



"Don't you have something to say bitch?"



The proximity of my voice, only a few inches from its head possibly startled it and it jumped slightly, reminding it of its body's aches and prompting new moans.&nbsp; However the reminder that the nightmare was indeed real forced it to respond to try and bring the suffering to an end, at least for the moment.&nbsp; It took a deep breath then stuttered out a request, "Please master.&nbsp; Please kick me again."



It hadn't thanks me, nor begged properly, but I decided it was so nearly at its limit that I had pushed it as far as was worthwhile.&nbsp; I rose, positioned myself and supplied the last kick.&nbsp; Its body jerked with the blow but only a low moan escaped from its lips.



I knew it would be out for a few minutes so I turned back to July and Jane.&nbsp; The former was still standing but quivering, probably with both fear and exhaustion.&nbsp; Rather to my surprise it was still standing motionless but for the shaking, its head still twisted painfully backwards.&nbsp; As I watched it did cough slightly, its throat trying to lift out the plug but after it had risen about an inch Jane simply reached up and pushed it back down again.&nbsp; July gagged slightly but resignedly accepted the restoration.&nbsp; 



I watched it a couple more minutes then turned back to August.&nbsp; It was still laying on the floor but starting to stir, moaning a little and shaking its head.&nbsp; Approaching I crouched down beside it and gently nudged one of the bruises on its nearest breast.&nbsp; It jerked with a moan and started to gabble "Please, no more, pleasse."&nbsp; 



I changed to a quick but firm pinch on one nipple, cutting its outburst off with a new cry of pain and said angrily.&nbsp; "Don't you learn anything bitch.&nbsp; You don't speak without permission and never dare to make demands of your master."&nbsp; I gave one of the bruises a jab with my finger, making it moan again.&nbsp; "You still have to thank me bitch.&nbsp; Getting lazy again."



It groaned again at another jab then spoke quickly "Master.&nbsp; Thanks you..., thank you for punishing me".



"That's better.&nbsp; Easy when you actually start behaving isn't it?".&nbsp; I rose and stepped back.



"Now you need to apologise to slave Jane."



"What?"&nbsp; a started mutter then, obviously fearful of more punishment it continued rapidly.&nbsp; "I'm sorry master, I don't understand?"



I gave it a quick kick to its arse and said "Don't ask questions slut.&nbsp; Just obey.&nbsp; That's all you need to know.&nbsp; Although even something as thick as you should have got that one!"&nbsp; I paused briefly then continued.&nbsp; "As I said earlier tutors have to take responsibility for their bitches misbehaviour.&nbsp; Jane definitely drew the short straw with you two lumps of shit.&nbsp; It's already paid more than all the other tutors put together."&nbsp; Its cocksucker opened in an Oh! of surprise and sudden understanding.



"True it will get the chance to pay you both back, with interest.&nbsp; As another slave slut it ranks barely above you in the food chain.&nbsp; However you might want to avoid offending it too much."



It gapped again then quickly said "Jane, I'm sorry.&nbsp; I didn't mean."



Another kick stopped it&nbsp; "Refer to it by its status as slave.&nbsp; What you meant is irrelevant.&nbsp; All that matters is whether you obey orders adequately or should be requesting punishment for your failures.&nbsp; Which is not relevant with a fellow slave.&nbsp; Accept it will punish you when its permitted to and try to start getting things right.&nbsp; Else I don't think your carcass will last much longer.&nbsp; Get me."&nbsp; I nudged its arse again, relatively gently, to make the point.&nbsp; "Now try again."



It paused then said "Slave Jane.&nbsp; I apologise for the punishment I have caused you.&nbsp; I will try and prevent it happening in the future."



"Better.&nbsp; Just about adequate, but will have to do.&nbsp; Now July."



It looked puzzled.&nbsp; "Think about it.&nbsp; July did you a service but you refused to repay it.&nbsp; Also."&nbsp; I have moved relatively quietly while speaking.&nbsp; Spinning quickly on my heel I slammed a punch into July's midriff.&nbsp; It jack-knifed under the blow, managing a step backwards before it fell to the floor.&nbsp; "There are collective punishments at cell level as well.&nbsp; July now has reason to thank you just as Jane has."



I paused then continued.&nbsp; "I've had so much trouble with you two sluts that I will be taking a much harder line from now on.&nbsp; You will be glad to know it won't apply to earlier crimes but any time either of you step out of line I will be coming down hard on both of you.&nbsp; Is that clear July?"&nbsp; It was groaning on the floor and I kicked its calf, making it yelp again, clear despite the butt-plug still muting its cries then managed a couple of tentative nods.



I turned and quickly walked back to August, also lying on the floor.&nbsp; A short but sharp kick to its thigh attracted its attention and I said "Clear to you as well bitch!"&nbsp; It nodded quickly.



I moved to sit on one of the cages for a couple of minutes, giving them both time to recover slightly.&nbsp; They just lay on the floor resting, moaning a little but probably frightened to draw attention to themselves by making too much noise.



"Right August, ready to apologise to July bitch?"



It groaned, then shook its head, obviously trying to get its thoughts in order.&nbsp; I gave it a minute but positioned myself to kick it again if it didn't hurry up.&nbsp; 



"Slave July. I apologise for the punishment I have caused you.&nbsp; And also for refusing to repay you."&nbsp; It remembered the second point, which I was expecting it to forget.



"And you're now prepared to start obeying slut?"



It's cocksucker opened but whether through exhaustion or caution it settled for simply nodding its head.



"Then your finally ready for your drink bitch."&nbsp; My previously casual voice suddenly exuded menace.



It gapped, paused then slowly nodded its head.&nbsp; "Get July up Jane."&nbsp; I instructed as I reached over and started pulling August to its knees.&nbsp; It cried out a couple of times, not just because of my grip on its hair but also the pain of its various bruises and injuries.&nbsp; I knew it was probably near the limit its body could currently take but that it was important to impose my will now rather than let it off.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes it was on its knees, legs spread as much for balance as to expose its cunt properly.&nbsp; Its head wavered a bit until I steadied it with a renewed grip in its hair.



July was in a better condition and Jane was able to get it to its feet fairly quickly and in a couple of minutes positioned as before, its cunt an inch or so from August's face.&nbsp; "Stick your tongue out."&nbsp; I told August, shaking its head to make clear I was referring to it.&nbsp; The bitch obeyed and I pushed its head forward, driving it between July's cunt lip, the latter jerking slightly in surprise.&nbsp; August started to dart its tongue in and out, flicking between July's lips, but I stopped it with a shake of its head and then pulled it back out of reach.&nbsp; July gave a moan, possibly of frustration and August's stance radiated puzzlement and fear.



"You're not here to entertain it.&nbsp; Just to empty it's bladder."&nbsp; I reminded it.&nbsp; "I don't know how long you will be drinking.&nbsp; If you need to breath just do that and July will know to cut the flow.&nbsp; Understand?"&nbsp; It nodded reluctantly.&nbsp; "You're not allowed to do it more than twice.&nbsp; Don't waste time.&nbsp; Next time your head goes forward it's a live run.&nbsp; And neither of you want anything to be spilt.&nbsp; Do you?"&nbsp; I ended menacingly.&nbsp; August gave a small sigh of despair and nodded briefly.&nbsp; I looked up and said, "Understand July" and it also nodded.



I thrust August's head forward and it opened its cocksucker, spreading its lips almost hungrily as it sought to ensure nothing could escape from July's cunt.&nbsp; The latter paused a couple of seconds then I heard a sigh from it and August's head jerked slightly.&nbsp; I allowed it a small amount of play but before I forced it forward the bitch moved the head itself and its cheeks ballooned then I saw its throat as it started to swallow.&nbsp; After the first mouthful went down it gagged slightly, presumably at the taste and revulsion at what it was doing.&nbsp; However then it started again and I realised how totally terrified it was as it gulped greedily, to swallow the piss as quickly as possibly.



It stuck its tongue up July once and the latter presumably stopped as August was able to move its lips and suck in a couple of quick breaths then it closed again.&nbsp; After barely a minute it was over.&nbsp; August sucked for a few seconds more, as it not expecting the flow to end but then both bitches pulled slightly away from each other.&nbsp; I say August's cocksucker split into a grimace of revulsion and warned it not to spit.&nbsp; It winced again, made a final swallow then started breathing deeply.



"What do you say August?"



It looked puzzled for a few seconds then said "Thank you slave July for pissing in my mouth."



I corrected it "Cocksucker is the correct term for a slave bitch like you.&nbsp; But I will let it pass this time."&nbsp; I relaxed my grip on its hair and shoulder and it slumped, forehead resting on July's cunt for a couple of seconds then slipping past as the latter inched back in surprise, and then if fell forward to the floor with a brief cry and a subdued thud as it hit the floor.. 



I rose to my feet and said to Jane "July have been cleaned out.&nbsp; Put it away for the moment.&nbsp; Given the state August is in I don't want any physical punishment tonight.&nbsp; However, since it's working on its toilet training I have no objection to you giving it extra lessons.&nbsp; Then let it use the bucket itself and store it for the night.&nbsp; I heard a distant groan from the floor as August took this in and saw the grin from Jane.&nbsp; My hand cupped Jane's left breast, noticing the bruising from the day's earlier punishment had already disappeared.&nbsp; However I knew a little tenderness might still be present as I squeezed it briefly and said "You realise August has earned you some more pain."&nbsp; It nodded briefly but I had decided I would have to do that later.



I left, allowing Jane to finish off.&nbsp; Had already decided I would leave them an hour to settle before we came back for July.&nbsp; That would give me time for a meal.&nbsp; A grin spread across my face as I remembered I also had to punish Janine for February's disobedience at teatime.



A thought occurred to me and I turned at the door.&nbsp; "Jane, you may shit but don't piss yet!"&nbsp; It looked puzzled but nodded.





























Chap 12:- July's Inspection&nbsp; 





Notes:

1) While the most of this chapter is predominately physical the central second is more wordy.&nbsp; It involves playing with the slaves mind and hopes and fears.&nbsp; I think it fits in with the wider story well but if you find that sort of thing boring you might want to skim through it.



2) As readers probably know by now I like to keep as close to reality as practical - when reality includes my depraved fantasies!&nbsp; However one divergence coming up in this chapter, although it would only be noticeable to those people who know the group the slaves come from and have identified at least some of them.&nbsp; A 3rd of the models on which the slaves are based has gone silicon.&nbsp; The other two have already been factored into the story and they will find it has nasty results when they get treated with the serum.&nbsp; [Well, nasty for them, which means fun for the rest of us :)].&nbsp; I'm going to maintain consistency with the earlier chapters however by ignoring the new growth, especially since the slut involved is September and I've already mentioned her limited cleavage several times.&nbsp; [If you are living in Britain and still uncertain about who they are based on that's a clue for you!]



+++++





I allowed the bitches a couple of hour's rest while I had tea and then a short session with Janine.&nbsp; It was still quite early, about 8pm, when Jane brought July into the training room.&nbsp; It was walking slowly and obviously still very tired.&nbsp; Probably also nervous about the fact it was being called in after the other sluts had been caged for the night.



Jane positioned it against the table, cunt forward, pushed its legs further apart then knelt to one side to chain the ankle.&nbsp; I moved forward and felt July tremble as my hands grasped its tits.&nbsp; I did not grip too tightly, although it probably hurt give the state of the bitches tits already.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sides were yellowing nicely as the bruises started to heal but the breasts were both divided by the red welts from the cane this morning.&nbsp; Also, while the darker flesh of its areola made it more difficult to see I was fairly confident that the clamps had left some excellent bruising.



I noticed it had obviously learnt a little as although it shuddered it didn't try resisting or complaining..&nbsp; I was being relatively gentle, by my standards, rubbing and pinching lightly and by the time Jane had tied both ankles its tits were starting to respond, beginning to harden.&nbsp; I bent over it and said "If you enjoyed that think what you're get from what's coming as I change tack, squeezing both nipples and the adjacent areola brutally between thumbs and fingers.&nbsp; It cried out as its body stiffened in agony and thrashed a little but bound as it was could do nothing.&nbsp; Stepping back I twisted both breasts savagely then it gave a gasp of relief, slumping forward a little as I let go.&nbsp; Lifting my arms I straightened them and jabbed a stiff finger an inch or so into each boob.&nbsp; It cried out again but jerked back again as I said.&nbsp; "Don't slump slut.&nbsp; Stay still while Jane does your arms."&nbsp; It nodded briefly and stayed upright when I removed my hands so I headed south.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jane attached a metal frame to the far side of the table a pole extending from it to end in a square metal plate which was positioned about an inch from July's back between its shoulder blades.&nbsp; It then moved to the far side pulled the slave's cuffed arms behind it and attached a chain, pulling that down to loop around a lock point low on the other side of the table.&nbsp; This achieved a number of points.&nbsp; The metal plate dug into July's back, preventing it moving any further backwards.&nbsp; At the same time its arms, stretched tight behind it were twisted painfully and the stance also jutted its breasts forward.&nbsp; Also, with its body pulled backwards the other edge of the table bit into its arse cheeks and probably pushed the butt plug deeper inside it.&nbsp; As such, along with the spread ankle it was tightly bound, virtually unable to move and in considerable discomfort, an ideal position.



While Jane was doing this I had been checking July's cunt and thighs.&nbsp; I didn't penetrate between its lips but it moaned and tried to fidget when I rubbed them, especially the central section, heavily bruised by the clamps and weights earlier.&nbsp; I stuck 4 fingers, two from each hand, about an inch in, making it flinch and moan again and spread its lips a bit wider.&nbsp; Lowering myself to look I could see the outer reaches of its cunt passage, still decorated by scratches and bruises.&nbsp; It gave a gasp of relief and I felt its body relax as I remove my fingers and started prodding and probing its wider pubic region.&nbsp; I noticed that stubble was already starting to grow and briefly considered letting it grow so it could be extracted but quickly dismissed the idea.&nbsp; Apart from liking a clear slit to play with, by the time the hair got long enough to be pulled out any of the sluts would find it a relatively minor distraction.&nbsp; July would be even further up the pain tree.&nbsp; However it did remind me the tutors would have to use their razors on their charges as well as themselves. 



"You're probably wondering why you're here bitch."&nbsp; It was a statement rather than a question and it quivered nervously.&nbsp; Jane passed me the 1st of the crocodile.&nbsp; I pulled at July's right lip, making it groan them it cried out as the clamp close on the upper part of its lip.&nbsp; It threw its head back as far as it could and feebly said "No, please."&nbsp; The latter word being cut short by a sharp backhander to its face by Jane accompanied by the order "Keep quiet slut!"



I flipped the cord attached to the clamp over its thigh onto the table.&nbsp; Then my left hand, fingers still slightly inside its cunt, slide, down, stopping briefly about half way to give a pinch to the bruised central section.&nbsp; My right hand reached out and Jane placed the next clip into it.&nbsp; I quickly installed that on the lower part of its right lip, this time flicking the cord under its thigh.&nbsp; Two more clips were quickly attached to the left lip of its cunt.&nbsp; Both times it winced and shuddered a little bit biting its (upper) lip a bit kept quiet.



Jane took one of the upper cords and pulled it to one side.&nbsp; July moaned more loudly and tried to twist slightly to ease the pressure as its cunt lip was stretched back until I motioned enough and Jane tied the cord to a fixed point.&nbsp; It then reached down and similarly stretched the lower cord until the right side of the sluts cunt was peeled back exposing more of its inner flesh than before.&nbsp; It moved quickly to the other side and in a couple of minutes July was finding itself even more tightly restraint than before.



"Yesterday your cunt took some use."&nbsp; I said with sarcastic understatement and it groaned and shook , probably in fear of a repeat as much as being reminded of the fisting it had taken.&nbsp; "You're disobedience has delayed things a day but we're due another session tomorrow so we just need to check its up to further use."



I snapped my fingers and instructed Jane to get the equipment then reached forward and started playing with July's tits again, fairly lightly, while Jane started moving equipment to the table either side of July.&nbsp; Again I was reasonably gentle although from the way it moaned and jerked occasionally I was confident it was in a fair degree of pain.



After a couple of minutes Jane knelt to one side, displaying it was finished and ready for new orders.&nbsp; I played with July's tits for another minute, then gave them a final sharp tug before letting go and checking over the equipment.&nbsp; Everything was then and properly connected and I picked up the endoscope.&nbsp; Unlike the one I had used yesterday on Jane this was modified for bitch use.&nbsp; The cable containing the fibre-optics lost much of its flexibility because it was connected at several points, including just below the tip, to a plastic rod with a metal tip.&nbsp; Or more accurately, as it was to find out shortly, a metal rod with a plastic coating.



I ran the combined scope over the outer reaches of its cunt, checking the view on the large flat screen monitor.&nbsp; This showed good detail, including as I reached the upper part, the bruising at the apex of its cunt from Jane's handling earlier in the day.&nbsp; It had squawked briefly when it first felt the metal touch it but lapsed into a resigned silence.&nbsp; As I probed the bruising it gave a gasp and a jerk but I moved on, lapping its outer lips.&nbsp; The tenderness of the central sections showed as I probed the bruising there then I slowly slipped the rod inside it.&nbsp; I whispered to it "This would be a very bad time to piss slut.&nbsp; Understand!" and after a few seconds it nodded nervously.



I motioned to Jane and it lay down on the floor so I could rest my knees on it, grunting a little as my left leg and knee compressed its boobs but I kept the main weight on my right, along its lower abdomen.&nbsp; This enabled me to still see the screen over July's thigh but also get a good view of its cunt entrance.



I slowly navigated its cunt, pushing the rod and attached cable deeper.&nbsp; This gave a clear view of its battered cunt walls.&nbsp; There was still much bruising along with a number of scabs and in places the white marks of some of the salt not absorbed by the earlier cuts.&nbsp; I couldn't resist a smirk as I considered that navigation was probably the wrong word.&nbsp; A navigator will seek to weave through an uncertain passage, seeking to avoid collisions and impacts.&nbsp; While I was not using great forces I made sure that I gave much of the walls both visible and tactile examinations and heard it moan several times as I pressed against various bruises and scabs.



Finally I approached its cervix, the outer reaches of which shows more signs of the battering it took yesterday.&nbsp; When I started to prod this it winced and jerked then tried to relieve the pressure by lifting up slightly onto its toes, using a little slack in its ankle chains.&nbsp; It realised pretty quickly this was a mistake.&nbsp; Not only did this put more strain on its back but I simply pushed the rod a little further, keeping up the pressure.&nbsp; It gasped again and after about a minute the thighs started to quiver visible as it found the stance increasingly difficult to maintain.



"Please" it gasped.&nbsp; "Please don't do this."&nbsp; Jane inhaled with some relieve as, resting one hand on July's thigh and gripping firmly I lifted myself up, keeping the rod fairly fixed in position.&nbsp; It moaned louder as the pressure on its thigh, although directed largely horizontally and pinning its thigh against the table side, made it more difficult to hold position.&nbsp; Probably also the rod shifted slightly upwards as I rose.&nbsp; It gasped again and arched bits back as much as it could then relaxed slightly as I lifted my hand.



It gasped again and cried out as my left hand gripped its right breast and squeezed, quickly and firmly.&nbsp; "What have you been told about yapping without permission bitch!"&nbsp; I squeezed a little tighter and twisted it savagely then let go as its scream echoed around the room.&nbsp; Its legs finally gave way and its weight thrust the rod through its cervix, generating another cry.



I left it impale for a few seconds then slowly withdrew the rod until it was again outside the bitches cervix but pressed firmly against it.&nbsp; Under my instruction Jane moved to kneel to my right and took hold of the device.&nbsp; It then shuffled round to be in front of July, although kneeling about a foot in front of it.&nbsp; The movement ground the end of the rod across its cervix and prompted a couple of further moans.&nbsp; July was sobbing audibly and probably never heard my next words and I made a couple of final checks.&nbsp; "Well the basic structure is a bit battered but in reasonable condition.&nbsp; Must check the nerve connections however."



It's new scream was even louder, although the current was much smaller than that it had felt earlier and the timer was set for only 5 seconds.&nbsp; Although its body was held firmly in position its head fell forward compounding the problems of its chest as it gasped deeply for breath.&nbsp; It's body continued to jerk sporadically for about a minute and a pool of piss formed on the floor between its legs as it bladder let go in its agony.&nbsp; I watched silently as a thin strand trickled down the rod, finally pooling between Jane's thumb and finger.&nbsp; It scowled up at the other slut but obedient to its instructions remained motionless.&nbsp; On the monitor I could see the entrance of its cervix, the flesh quivering in violent reaction to the pain.



"Well those nerves are still working."&nbsp; I said mockingly, then continued "and I see you're building up a thirst."&nbsp; I had waited for it to recover enough to hear and understand those words and its shoulders shook as it sobbed loudly.



I then turned my attention to Jane, instructing it to move the rod slowly down July's cunt, rubbing&nbsp; against its flesh as it went.&nbsp; It stopped when I said, "There will do fine" and pushed slightly, the slut's pussy wall bending slight under the pressure.&nbsp; July slowly realised it had stopped and started raising its head and opening its cocksucker, probably to plea but the next shock tore a new yell from its throat.



It had time to recover slightly and start to plea before, the next shock.&nbsp; I slapped its face and retorted.&nbsp; "I warned you bitch.&nbsp; That will be another 200 punishment points and 30 specials.&nbsp; Now how many more do you want?"&nbsp; It groaned and shook its head feebly but said no more until the 3rd shock extracted another scream from it.&nbsp; This was weaker however, and the gasps for breath deeper.



The 4th and final one was directly onto its clit and I thought for a minute or two it might go into a fit as it shuddered and hypo-ventilated.&nbsp; After about 5 minutes its breath had calmed somewhat and I told it.&nbsp; "Well, not bad.&nbsp; Some minor damage but nothing of significance and the nerves are definitely functioning.&nbsp; You will probably tear a bit when fucked but that's no problem.&nbsp; Pity about your continued disobedience through."



"There's only a couple of other things to do, then you can have your drink and return to your cage for the night.&nbsp; Get plenty of rest as you're got a busy day tomorrow slut."&nbsp; It weakly shook its head in despair.&nbsp; "However 1st a bit of tidying up.&nbsp; Open cocksucker!"&nbsp; I also motioned Jane to stand with a wave of my hand.



July gapped for a second then, cocksucker open nervously shook its head slightly.&nbsp; I flicked a nipple with a nail bringing a short jerk of surprise as much as pain from it and snapped. "Stay still bitch.&nbsp; And keep that cocksucker open damn you!"&nbsp; It nervously straightened but its lips clamped shut suddenly when under my direction Jane push the end of the rod and cable into its cocksucker.



I slapped it again, this time a left hander to the tit as I was having to work around Jane and we were both avoiding the pool of piss on the floor.&nbsp; "Don't bite bitch.&nbsp; Clean up the mess you made.&nbsp; You can't leave it in that condition.



It blubbered for a couple of seconds then nervously started to lick and suck at the end of the rod, obviously terrified it was going to get shocked again.&nbsp; However I had other plans for it so let that option go, for the moment.&nbsp; After it had cleaned the end of the rod, removing any piss and a bit of blood that had been there, Jane pulled it out then turned it sidewards, passing the length through its lips.&nbsp; The bitch understood and obediently licked along its length to clean it, only pausing briefly when it felt Jane's hand before its tongue licked up the drying urine there.



"There, that wasn't so bad was it?" I taunted it then waved Jane to start putting the equipment away.&nbsp; I knew with a bit of editing the video of the examination would not only be fun to view but would sell well on the net.



I reached forward and casually cupped and fondled its left breast as I continued.&nbsp; "You've had a quiet day, without the standard exercises.&nbsp; However there's time for you're daily boob treatment."&nbsp; It stiffened and tried to draw back a bit, only managing a fraction of an inch as it took up the slack from its previous drooping, the metal plate behind it blocking further retreat.



"No please.&nbsp; I can't take any mo.."&nbsp; I cut its whining short with another slap to the face.



"Haven't I told you before.&nbsp; Yapping without permission is bad enough but its none of you're damned business what's done with you're body.&nbsp;&nbsp; Other than to know what you need to do.&nbsp; So quite intruding where you don't belong."&nbsp; My hand dropped to cup its breast and the other hand took a similar position.&nbsp; I only lightly lifted and bobbled them slowly but could tell even that was causing it pain as I continued.&nbsp; "And don't talk rubbish about what it can or can't take.&nbsp; You're carcass is up to a lot more use yet.&nbsp; Think what things will be like when we start getting to the serious stuff."



It hung its head in despair as I continued.&nbsp; "However you're continued whining it pissing me off.&nbsp; So as well as another 300 points and 50 specials for that outburst."&nbsp; It's head jerked up in renewed fear and alarm.&nbsp; I moved my hands, letting its boobs drop and gripped each nipple between thumb and fingers, allowing the suspense to build up.



"In a few seconds I will allow you to speak bitch.&nbsp; You will apologise for you're behaviour and beg that today you get six punches per tit."&nbsp; It moaned and shook its head slowly.&nbsp; "If you don't do that within 10 seconds you will ask for 7 punches.&nbsp; If you haven't said that within 10 further seconds the count will go back to 6."&nbsp; I allowed a moment for it to puzzle over this before continuing. "That will be what you will request for every day for now on."&nbsp; 



It's cocksucker opened again and there was a short but quick shake of its head.&nbsp; My fingers snapped tight and I pulled and twisted its boob flesh, bringing a quick howl from it.&nbsp; This faded as it sought to draw breathe,&nbsp; "Do you honestly think that you won't say anything I tell you to slut!" emphasising my point with a new pull and twist.&nbsp; It yelped again and quickly shook its head.&nbsp; I think it meant to submit but in fear and terror was sending the wrong sign so I snapped "Oh you don't do you." And jerked again, with a bit more force this time.&nbsp; Its mouth opened but the cry was definitely getting hoarse.&nbsp; A couple of quick shakes then it nodded vigorously.&nbsp; I relaxed my grip a little and asked, "Do you think you will behave."&nbsp; It nodded, yelped again as I gave a final pull and twist and then let go.&nbsp; It was panting deeply as it sought to feed in air to its lungs, although that probably added further discomfort as the boobs bounced enchantingly.



After about 5 seconds I said "5 seconds left."&nbsp; It took a couple more form it to realise the clock was ticking then the words came out in a rush.



"No, master.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; Please punish me for my misbehaviour."&nbsp; There was a pause.&nbsp; "Please master.&nbsp; Give me 6 punches today."



I waited for a few seconds, allowing tension to build up and seeing how long before its nerve collapse completely.&nbsp; After a couple of seconds of silence I could almost see its mind racing, thinking what else to say.&nbsp; "Please master.&nbsp; Punish this slave for its crimes."



"Well, since you asked so nicely."&nbsp; It gave a gasp of relieve, rapidly cut short as the 1st punch slammed into its right nipple, turning the gasp into a grunt of pure agony.&nbsp; I continued, throwing a punch about every 30 seconds, bracing myself each time so I could put power into the blow.&nbsp; Also moving slightly.&nbsp; The 2nd came more from the outside, pressing the flank of the breast against its chest, while the 3rd was an upper cut.&nbsp; The 4th went back to a central shot, mashing the orb against its rib cage.&nbsp; I had liked the way the boob had bobbled after the upper cut so repeated that for the 5th, then a final slam into it from the front again, shifting the blow slightly towards the inside of the breast.&nbsp; The 1st couple of blows had brought cries of agony and desperate threshing at the pain.&nbsp; I had though it might even dislocate a shoulder as it struggled to escape.&nbsp; After than, exhausted and overwhelmed by the pain it hardly whimpered and hung limply.&nbsp; 



I gave it a couple of minutes to recover a little then started on the left breast.&nbsp; Again I spread the blows to encompass virtually all its soft boob tissue and it whimpered and gave little cries.&nbsp; After the 6th punch it just hung there, breathing shallowly and I found myself panting a bit myself with the exertion and also aware of how stiff my cock was.



After a minute I lifted a hand so a finger brushed its left nipple softly and it gave a loan moan.&nbsp; "Bitch has permission to speak", I said.



It paused for a moment, gave one last sob then said in a voice still husky with its agony.&nbsp; "Master.. master, this bitch thanks you for punishing it."



I patted it on the head and said "Good slut", signifying I accepted its thanks and also that its permission to speak had ended.&nbsp; After a few seconds I continued.&nbsp; "We only have a couple more things to do and then you can have you're drink and settle in for the night.&nbsp; You have a busy day tomorrow so get plenty of rest."



It groaned at the idea of further punishment to come and shook its head slightly but wisely said nothing.&nbsp; I gave it 10 seconds but that was a lesson it seemed to have learnt, at least for the moment.



"Just in case you're thinking, you won't be enjoying any more pain tonight, unless you ask for it."&nbsp; It's head rose and I could almost sense the surprise, along with a flicker of hope a lot of fear that this would be dashed again.&nbsp; However I realised it was virtually at the end of its physical tether so unless it forced me while it would suffer some discomfort there would be no more marked levels of pain.&nbsp; " I must admit you're love of pain is amazing.&nbsp; Despite knowing you have earned a lot you still keep prompting me for more."&nbsp; It shook its head weakly.



"There's just a matter of a statement and a question."&nbsp; I knew that would puzzle it and paused briefly before continuing.&nbsp; "I know you asked for a drink but in a way that was redundant.&nbsp; I had already decided that each time we had a session you would be permitted to exercise you're cocksucker.&nbsp; You might have the privilege of being a pisspot, or get the chance to practice you're deep throat techniques."&nbsp; A short pause and I continued with a grin, "or if you're lucky both."&nbsp; It's head drooped a little lower.&nbsp; "Don't worry.&nbsp; We won't let you're piss go to waste.&nbsp; You will still clean that up after we're finished here. Can't have you getting lazy and leaving a mess can we?"&nbsp; I gave it a silent count of 5 seconds then flicked each breast lightly with my fingers.&nbsp; It's head jerked up in pain and I continued, with anger in my voice, "That was a question bitch!"&nbsp; It flinched, nodded once then corrected itself and vigorously shook its head.&nbsp; "That's better I said", flicking its breasts again, slightly harder, "Don't be so long answering next time.&nbsp; It shivered in terror and I noticed a little more piss dribble onto the floor.&nbsp; "So after the question Jane will untie you.&nbsp; I will move you slightly, we don't want that piss scattered about do we?"&nbsp; It shook its head strongly a couple of times before it dropped in exhaustion.&nbsp; "Then you will beg to be used and entertain me."



I paused for a minute or so.&nbsp; "Now bitch, would you say you are a moderately intelligent slave slut, a stupid one, or a really, really thick one?"&nbsp; It's body tensed and I could sense it thinking, desperately thinking over both what I meant and what and how to give an answer.



I closed and said "Let me assist", raising my hands to pinch its much bruised nipples gently.&nbsp; It's body still arched as much as it could at the pain.&nbsp; "A moderately intelligent slave slut would already be adapting to its new status as property.&nbsp; It would accept its only reason for existence is to serve its owner and whoever he allows to use it.&nbsp; It would be putting its limited mental resources to the question of how best it can be used and how to make it better property."&nbsp; I paused, tightening my grip on its nipples slightly. "Now is that an accurate description of you bitch?"



It paused for nearly a minute, even when I pinched a little harder and its body withered in agony again, thinking over what it should say.&nbsp; Then slowly, nervously, it shook its head a couple of times.&nbsp; While I waited I directed Jane to get me a drink of water, both because I was feeling dry and I wanted to maximise the flow from my bladder shortly.



"Well at least you have the sense not to lie bitch."&nbsp; I said, given the nipples another quick squeeze then letting them go.&nbsp; It gave a deep breath in relief, both at the ending of the pain and probably even more that its answer had not offended me.&nbsp; I suspect it had considered nodding on the grounds that was the answer it thought I wanted to give but wisely it had not.



It's body tensed as I touched it again, cupping a boob in each hand and slowly caressing them.&nbsp; "Now a stupid bitch is still in denial about reality.&nbsp; Its dark side is trying to pretend it is an human.&nbsp; Probably even claiming it has rights and what is being done to its is wrong in some way.&nbsp; It might even harbour delusions of escaping and resuming its previous existence."&nbsp; It froze, hardly breathing, dreading what answer it would give this time.&nbsp; However instead of asking a question I continued, this time my voice thick with menace.&nbsp; "The really, really thick one is exactly the same, except that it tells itself another lie.&nbsp; It pretends things can't get any worse."&nbsp; I tightened my fingers ever so slightly, starting to embed them in its flesh and a moan of anguish escaped from its lips.



"Do you think things can't get any worse?"&nbsp; I asked and it shook its head repeatedly with a violence that surprised me, driven by sheer terror.&nbsp; "Some wisdom at last slut.&nbsp; So you're just stupid at the moment", I asked mockingly.&nbsp; It tensed again, then as my hands gripped a little more firmly nodded quickly again.&nbsp; No doubt to its disappointment I did not remove my hands but I didn't apply any more pressure.



"You're right that things can get worse.&nbsp; They will get an awful lot worse for you.&nbsp; Have you ever felt as much pain as you're feeling now?"&nbsp; It's head dropped slightly but it shook it a couple of time.&nbsp; "You probably think I'm being sarcastic when I say you're currently suffering a little discomfort... don't you!"&nbsp; The last two words being accompanied by a brief squeeze of both boobs.&nbsp; It whined both from the pain and fear and uncertainly as to what was the best response.&nbsp; After a few seconds I squeezed again and said "Well?"&nbsp; It cried out then after a second nodded.&nbsp; I kept the breasts cupped by my fingers but loosened the grip.



"You're wrong slut.&nbsp; That evil side of you we discussed earlier.&nbsp; The fragment of you that denies you're property.&nbsp; Ultimately it will be expunged and you will be a much superior piece of equipment as a result.&nbsp; However in the months ahead there will be time when that twisted section of you will look back on periods like this as virtual bliss compared to what you will be going through.&nbsp; Understand!"



It shuddered and I heard another spray of piss.&nbsp; "My you are a thirsty bitch aren't you."



"However you have two things going for you."&nbsp; I paused to let the words sink in and it feel both hope and puzzlement.&nbsp; "You are going to be punished, especially for the attack on your master and that will take quite a time.&nbsp; However, unless you ask for more that will ultimately end.&nbsp;&nbsp; It won't be the end of the pain of course.&nbsp; You will still undergo a lot of stimulation, along with you're fellow slaves as you're rebuilt into worthwhile tools.&nbsp; However the extra punishment because of you're evil attack will end when I have decided you have adequately shown remorse."



I paused to let what I had said sink in.&nbsp; The general terminology would be deeply repugnant to it, as would the statement of much more and worse agony to come.&nbsp; However there would also be a faint flicker of hope.



"In the long run you could even benefit from it."&nbsp; It's head jerked up in dis-belief.&nbsp; "Think about it slut.&nbsp; You will be a long way ahead of the other bitches in you're pain training.&nbsp; It will make the later stage of you're reconstruction much easier and should help increase you're price."&nbsp; I paused, then continued.&nbsp; "Since you're crime will be in the records it might put a few off but those who like a challenge would really enjoy putting you through your paces."&nbsp; That brought a sharp intake of breath and its body shook in fear.



"The other thing of course is that I still intend to put you up for auction."&nbsp; Again this would be humiliating to the bitch at the present time.&nbsp; It would also have it wondering as to what benefit it might gain from that.&nbsp; "By that time you will be accepting you're position and you're only desire will be to put on the best show you can to maximise the price I get for you.&nbsp; However it will mean you get a new owner.&nbsp; That might be a brutal sadist who will keep you in continued agony.&nbsp; Or it might be someone who only whips you occasionally, or beats the crap out of you when he's had a rough day.&nbsp; It might even be an owner who only wants to use you as a fuck-toy or possibly as a gift to entertain his customers and clients.&nbsp; By that time it will make no difference to you as you're acceptance of you're owner's complete control over you will be unquestioning.&nbsp; However while that evil, parasitically streak infects you it might yearn toward the auction in the hopes of getting a reduction in you're suffering."



I paused for a couple of seconds then continued "Unless you decide otherwise of course."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;.I knew that would puzzle it further and possibly also raise a new flash of hope I could quickly extinguish.&nbsp; "Those two beacons of hope at the end of the tunnel you can of course turn into the proverbial express train to run you down."&nbsp; I paused then went off at what might have seemed a tangent.&nbsp; "You are being treated generously, with only a short punishment, partly because I want to complete and sell you fairly quickly, but also because you're crime was on the 1st day and could be put down to ignorance and stupidity rather than malice.&nbsp; If one of your fellow bitches attacked me now, having had their position made much clearer, I would be nowhere near as moderate in my treatment of it.&nbsp; Just as if another bitch was as stupid as to threaten me as August it would not get off as lightly as that slut did."



I paused again then continued, "Have you considered what would happen if you lost it and attacked me again?"&nbsp; I felt its body, which had relaxed slightly, tense again.&nbsp; My hands tightened a little and I rubbed my thumbs up and down the insides of its breasts.



"You don't know of a slave slut called Amber."&nbsp; It shook its head nervously.&nbsp; "Let me tell you a bit about it.&nbsp; Not one of mine.&nbsp; One of my colleagues was making it."&nbsp; I paused and it tilted its head slightly, a study in puzzlement.&nbsp; "Did you think I was the only one in this profession?&nbsp; I like to think I'm the best but there's a number of others.&nbsp; Not the crude slavers you hear about in novels sometimes who simply seize a bitch off the street say and then knock it into temporally submission.&nbsp; Leaving something that might break down and turn rabid and violent if not tightly restrained."



"No, we're professionals, artists.&nbsp; We take crud like you and turn it into worthwhile, even valuable tools that command good prices from discerning and wealth men of power.&nbsp; As such we only sell properly finished goods.&nbsp; That's one reason why I test you things so fully.&nbsp; I depend a lot on my reputation.&nbsp; I sell good, well crafted products and want to keep it that way.&nbsp; I'm not going to pass on flawed items that can't function as required."



I paused.&nbsp; "Anyway I digest.&nbsp; Amber's maker is a little more generous than me.&nbsp; It tried attacking him and was punished, basically like you will be the next few months.&nbsp; A couple of months after that it failed again.&nbsp; Something small I think.&nbsp; It tried to slap his hand away while he worked on it.&nbsp; Strictly speaking he should have scrapped it then but the attack had been relatively trivial and he thought something could be salvaged.&nbsp; Hence it underwent another, some what harder period of discipline.&nbsp; However about 3 months after this it failed completely.&nbsp; Even managed to punch him before it was brought under control."



"He finally accepted it was worthless and treated it accordingly.&nbsp; For about 21/2 years he worked on it.&nbsp; A lot rougher than he had been before as he was no longer considering it for sale.&nbsp; That's how I know a reasonably amounts about it.&nbsp; Not only are such failures rare but we meet up from time to time.&nbsp; Discuss ideas and techniques, compare work, chat over old times.&nbsp; All the sort of things that people in a common line of work often do.&nbsp; He would invite us over from time to time to help on it and we developed a few new methods."



I paused again before continuing.&nbsp; "After about 30 months he started to get bored so had to decide what to do with it.&nbsp; By this time it was probably OK for sale in theory.&nbsp; Totally obedient and compliant.&nbsp; However with its past history that was too much of a risk.&nbsp; My colleague wasn't about to flog it off to one of our regular clients.&nbsp; He considered selling it into the snuff industry, or possibly for spare parts.&nbsp; However a more interesting and entertaining option came up and he decided to go for that."



Another pause for dramatic effect!&nbsp; "There are plenty of people in various parts of the world who hate the west and everything associated with it.&nbsp; Especially in parts of the Third World.&nbsp; Through a friend he sold Amber to a merchant in Pakistan with a reputation for being especially xenophobic and brutal.&nbsp; The friend is also thought to be anti-western so Amber's owner occasionally passes on details of its new life, and sometimes a video.&nbsp; Very entertaining."



"It now spends its days fairly simply, in a small outbuilding to its owners house, with a door onto the street.&nbsp; Other than it's collar it wears an ankle chain and a blindfold so the users can keep their privacy if they wish.&nbsp; Anyone can come along, set a marker at the door to show its in use and fuck it any way they wish.&nbsp; The initial interest of the first year or so has died off so it only serves about 30-40 men a day now."



"It's learnt a little of the language so when a master is finished it can offer a strap, for him to use on it if he is dissatisfied with its performance.&nbsp; Or there is an old notebook where he can record complaints so its owner can punish it."



"In the evenings, after any such punishment, it is often used to entertain the owner and its guests.&nbsp; Not normally sexually as its condition is generally pretty gross by then but they might beat or burn it for a little while say.&nbsp; Or some of his other possessions are not so choosy.&nbsp; Amber has got quite good at a threesome with his two Afghans.&nbsp; I think he gets them together once a week and it sucks one while being fucked by the other, then switches over until their both drained.&nbsp; Now its got used to it the poor mutts often only last about 40-50 minutes."&nbsp; This brought a groan from July as what I said sunk in.&nbsp; "However it still struggles a bit with the donkey and his stallion."&nbsp; I continued merrily.



"Gods, I'm going to be sick."&nbsp; It said and started to retch.&nbsp; I lifted my right hand quickly and grabbed its throat, slipping my fingers under its collar.&nbsp; Tightening my grip I shook its head a couple of times and ordered "Don't you dare slut.&nbsp; You will do more than lick that up if you do."&nbsp; I relaxed my grip to allow it to breath and for a couple of minutes its struggled but eventually it won control over its rebelling stomach.



"That's sick."&nbsp; It said but didn't get any further.&nbsp; Both hands tightened their grips, the right still on its throat and the left on its boob and it stiffened, in agony and denied air.



"Did I give you permission to speak slut.&nbsp; Or to lie like that!"&nbsp; I demanded angrily.&nbsp; I maintained my grip for nearly a minute, shaking its head firmly, then relaxed both hands, moving the right down from its throat back to the other boob.&nbsp; It panted energetically for a minute or so as it pumped breath into its starving lungs and I had to move one of my boots back a bit as the piss pool widened further.



"You were doing so well, then you start begging for more punishment.&nbsp; The interruptions are bad enough but lying really pisses me off slut.&nbsp; Now apologise!"



The slave paused and I noticed its lower lip quivering nervously.&nbsp; It then open it's cocksucker and said "But that's evil mas..&nbsp; Aaaah"&nbsp; I noticed it had started to use my title correctly but the reply was terminated by the cry as I dug my fingers into its already battered breasts in rage.&nbsp; I kept up the pressure for about 10 seconds then twisted both wrists outwards, the rotation carrying through to boobs and drawing another cry from it.



I let go and it slumped as far as its bounds permitted.&nbsp; My fight hand lifted and grabbed a chunk of its hair, twisting and pulling to lift its head back up.



Leaning forward until my mouth was virtually by its ear I snarled "Have you seen the video's bitch?"&nbsp; I moved my head back so I could see it better and to avoid having to bend.&nbsp; After a few seconds it had made no response so I shook its head again and said "Well!" After a couple of further seconds it weakly shook its head.



"Well I have scrum!&nbsp; Let me tell you the animals weren't hurt at all.&nbsp; In fact you can see they bloody enjoyed fucking the bitch.&nbsp; The audience enjoyed the show, else it wouldn't have been put on.&nbsp; So don't talk crap about anything being sick, evil or anything like that.&nbsp; Now you better fucking apologise or I'm going to get really angry."&nbsp; I emphasised my point by sticking my left fist into its abdomen, causing it to gasp and gag again.



It struggled for breath for a few seconds, then stuttered out, "Master, I'm sorry."



"For what?" I said stepping back and letting go of its hair.



It wobbled, head weaving and obviously near the end of its tether.&nbsp; I gave it a silent count of ten then sank my right fist into its naval, causing it to try and jack knife forward, then grunt again as its bounds restrained it.



I was readily myself for a 3rd punch when it spoke again "Master.&nbsp; I'm sorry for lying to you."&nbsp; After a pause, "So sorry, and for talking without permission."



"For your behaviour 500 and 100 specials, along with another 4 punches."&nbsp; It gasped weakly but I continued "What do you say to that bitch?"



It was silent for a few more seconds, head still weaving a little then said weakly, "That is generous.&nbsp; Thank you master."&nbsp; I knew I had cowered the flash of resistance that it had shown and smiled.&nbsp; There was a danger that it might have decided there was no hope and would try and bite me when I gave it the chance later but I was confident from its body language that it would not dare.



True to my word I gave it four more punches over the next 5 minutes.&nbsp; Restricting myself to its abdomen, apart from one to its cunt.&nbsp; I stood back and decided to give it a couple of minutes breather before we continued.&nbsp; It surprised me by speaking within about a minute "Thank you master." Then hung silently.



I gave it a couple of extra minutes then approached again and said, "Have you decided to behave now?"&nbsp; It nodded weakly.&nbsp; "You don't want to replace Amber in a couple of years?"&nbsp; It shook its head more vigorously.&nbsp; I grabbed its hair again and gave it a brief but fairly mild tug.&nbsp; 



"Well I'll let you into a little secret, that Amber doesn't know yet."&nbsp; I couldn't resist smirking.&nbsp; It raised its head questioningly.&nbsp; "Its owner's brother is coming to visit shortly.&nbsp; Their planning to see how well it performs with his Bactrian.&nbsp; You know what a Bactrian is?"&nbsp; It shook its head.&nbsp; "It's a central Asian species of camel.&nbsp; That should give the slut a run for its money shouldn't it."



July started to gag again and I held its throat, giving it a break to breath a couple of times until it got its rebellious stomach under control.&nbsp; 



I lifted a hand to its head and grabbed a fist full of hair, pulling just hard enough to let it know my hand was there.&nbsp; "You wouldn't be the best for that job anyway, being a liar."&nbsp; It froze in terror.&nbsp; I let the tension rise for a few seconds while it gently shook its head in denial, nervous about pushing me too far or exerting too much pressure on its hair but fearing what was coming.&nbsp; I smiled then continued, giving the hair a gentle tug.&nbsp; "Blondes fetch the best price out there but by the time you get there this dye would be long gone."&nbsp; I heard it breath deeply in relief as it had been fearing further punishment.&nbsp; "Now don't you have a request to make of your master bitch?"



It froze again and I could almost feel the stampede of its thoughts as it wondered what I meant then saw the small smile and its body relaxed in relief.&nbsp; Its cocksucker opened and, after a short hesitation, while it forced itself to speak.&nbsp; "Master, may I beg to be your pisspot please?"&nbsp; 



"Well said bitch.&nbsp; See, a bit of manners helps a lot."&nbsp; I said patting it on the head.&nbsp; I turned towards Jane then smiled as another thought crossed my mind.&nbsp; "Oh, there's one other thing I forgot."&nbsp; Turning back to face July I said, "Jane, fetch the heavy cane."&nbsp; July quivered, its entire body trembling.



Jane passed the cane to me, then in response to finger signals assumed position 12, standing, arms folded behind it and legs about 2' apart.



I positioned myself and said, "In view of July's repeated disobedience I think 6 of the best now then another 6 later."&nbsp; I saw July tense, awaiting the blow as I grew back the cane then brought it swinging down.&nbsp; Jane's eye's bulged slightly as it struck the bitches cunt lips and it staggered slightly under the blow, cheeks bulging as well but managed to keep silent.&nbsp; I glanced at July who was looking confused.&nbsp; It had heard and probably felt the air from the swing but had not received the blow it had been expecting, although it had probably heard one connect.



The second blow forced a small grunt from Jane's upper lips and I think July finally realised what was happening.&nbsp; I saw its body relax in relief that it wasn't the one taking the punishment.&nbsp; The 3rd swipe brought a louder groan from Jane and it broke position slightly, bending forward a little in pain.&nbsp; I crouched in front of it, looking at and feeling its cunt for a couple of minutes, both enjoying my handiwork and giving it a short break.&nbsp; The blows had landed fairly accurately and its lips were swollen, with a little blood leaking from the right one.&nbsp; Also its clit, exposed by the piercing. Had taken a direct hit and was red and sore, it jumping slightly when I rubbed my finger over it.



I stood and nodded to Jane and it firmed up its stance.&nbsp; It took the 4th blow quite well but yelped and jumped for a couple of seconds on the 5th, nearly unfolding its hands.&nbsp; After about 15 seconds it however restored its stance, took a deep breath and braced itself.&nbsp; I put maximum weight into the final blow, resulting in a much larger yell then before.&nbsp; It's knees buckled slightly and it struggled to remain standing, then glanced briefly up at me with a question.&nbsp; I smiled and gave a small nod and with a gasp of relief it sank to the floor, almost bending over in its agony but remembering to keep its arms folded tightly behind it.



I turned and brought the cane down with a loud crash on the table, right alongside July's arse.&nbsp; If it hadn't been bound it would have jumped at least a foot and for a couple of minutes was gasping for breath as it struggled with the shock.



Leaving the cane on the table I turned back to Jane and stood in front of it.&nbsp; The bitch whimpered once as it spread its legs a little wider, allowing it to bend forward and kiss both my feet then with a struggle, arms behind it, straightened up and awaited its next order.



I returned to July, fondling it gently, not saying a word as my hands roamed over its thighs, cunt and boobs and it submitted quietly.&nbsp; Other than a few pinches of its thighs it could have been a lovers caress and I felt it's breath start to quicken.&nbsp; A probing couple of fingers gently up its cunt made it gasp, largely with pain but I also felt a little fluid.&nbsp; I lifted my fingers to its cocksucker and it cleaned them almost eagerly.



This took about 5 minutes and I twisted around and glanced at Jane.&nbsp; It quickly tried to hide the look of jealousy on its face.&nbsp; I decided it had had enough of a rest and turned back to July, grasping its waist with my hands.&nbsp; "Jane, untie its ankles."&nbsp; I heard it scramble to obey and said to July, "Keep your legs spread bitch.&nbsp; Don't want you spreading you're piss all over the place."&nbsp; It nodded briefly and I move slightly to position myself, bracing my feet wide.&nbsp; I continued, "Once you're unbound I'll lift you to one side then you can get started."&nbsp; Again it nodded.&nbsp; It looked better, the break having given it a chance to recover slightly but there was a sour twist to its upper lips.&nbsp; I moved a hand to brush its cunt and a small smile briefly crossed its face before it suppressed it while I felt its hips sway slightly towards me.&nbsp; This confirmed my suspicion that after so much pain a little tenderness had got a strong response and I couldn't resist a grin.&nbsp; There was no way the bitch would get relief tonight, especially not after its behaviour.&nbsp; That would add a little extra frustration to its other sorrows tonight.&nbsp; I gripped its waist again, resting the tips of both thumbs in its navel, and admired the bruises that virtually coated its boobs.&nbsp; Its body sagged into my grip when Jane untied its left leg.&nbsp; Jane scurries around behind me to reach the other leg, not bothering to rise from its knees.&nbsp; When the other leg was freed the bitch sagged and I had to tighten my grip, digging my thumbnails into its navel a little as I took up the weight.&nbsp; It grunted and with a little effort took some of the weight, which eased the pressure on it's waist.



Jane rose to its feet and waked around to the other end of the table.&nbsp; It was still moving a bit cautiously, each stride bringing a flicker of discomfort to its face but it was virtually fully functional again.&nbsp; As it started untying the cable holding July's arms I said "Say when", and it nodded.&nbsp; About 20 seconds later it said "Now master" and as the cable went slack July's body slumped and I took its full weight.&nbsp; I grunted and pushed my hands together, digging the thumbs in deeper, both to give a better grip and to hear it grunt in turn as I compressed its waist further.&nbsp; I inhaled then straightened, lifting it off the ground and taking a couple of steps to one side.&nbsp; As I relaxed my grip it sank to its knees and would have fallen totally to the ground if I hadn't grabbed a fistful of hair and yanked it up a bit. 



"Come on bitch.&nbsp; You're still got some things to do before you get lazy."&nbsp; It moaned but with an effort took some of its own weight to relieve the pressure on its hair.&nbsp; While I still held part of its weight my left hand unzipped my trousers and worked my cock out.&nbsp; "Open cocksucker."&nbsp; I said and it obediently parted its lips.&nbsp; I pushed the head of my cock in then said "remember the rules.&nbsp; Don't spill a drop.&nbsp; You can take an air break if you need to but get a move on."&nbsp; It gave a small nod then a moment later I felt its lips tighten around me.&nbsp; 



I knew I had won as if it had meant to do anything it would have bitten immediately so I smiled as I relaxed my bladder and felt the piss start to flow into its cocksucker.&nbsp; It jerked slightly as the first spurt hit the back of its cocksucker and started to flow down its throat but the impact probably woke it up a bit and in a couple of seconds it started sucking.&nbsp; Looking down I saw it swaying slightly as it fought to stay upright.&nbsp; This wasn't helped by the fact it was leaning in towards me, presumably trying to avoid its boobs brushing against my legs.&nbsp; Its cheeks had bulged outwards and I ran a hand down the side of its head, stopping on its neck, feeling the throat throbbing as it drank.&nbsp; The hard on I had had earlier, which had declined started to return as I enjoyed the feel and sight of this slave slut serving me.



It took one brief break, tightening its lips to stem the flow so it could drain the cocksucker then take a couple of breaths through its nose.&nbsp; I tapped its throat with a couple of fingers and obediently it relaxed its grip and began drinking again.&nbsp; Finally my bladder was empty and its cheeks closed around my cock as it sucked in again before it realised there was no more piss.&nbsp; It paused in confusion, then after a couple of seconds started to suck again, this time more slowly, leaning a little further forward to take me deeper into its cocksucker and I felt its tongue licking around my rod.&nbsp; Possibly it was still excited from earlier or it could have been thinking that if it welcomed me like that I might be gentler with it.&nbsp; 



After about 10 seconds of this, with my prick lengthening further I said quietly "Did I give you permission to do that?"&nbsp; It stopped in mid-stroke, fearful that it had angered me and more punishment was coming.&nbsp; I said grimly "Never presume what a master wants, or act without orders, unless necessary to protect you're master from harm."&nbsp; It quivered, the shaking taking over the entire upper torso.



After about 5 seconds I decided I had proved my point and said, "You many continue slut."&nbsp; It started sucking, more vigorously than before, in gratitude or relief or a combination of the two.&nbsp; My left hand lowered to cup its head and was joined shortly afterwards by my right and I started controlling the strokes, swinging my hips forward and pulling its head towards me in rhythm to maximise my penetration.&nbsp; After a brief moment of confusion while it tried to move its head it ceded control to me, only trying to continue to caress with its tongue as my growing cock passed and pushed deeper into its throat.&nbsp; As I tightened my grip I pulled its head up slightly forcing it to straighten and I shuffled slightly towards it.&nbsp; It flinched as this brought its boobs into contact with my legs but since it was only fleeting accepted the pain without trying to pull away. 



I made it a moderate fuck as I knew the bitch was pretty badly battered.&nbsp; A couple of times I thrust deep down its throat, then stayed there, cutting its air totally and leaving it gasping for several seconds.&nbsp; However otherwise I did not go deep enough long enough to seriously impede its air supply.&nbsp; That was enough to demonstrate my total power and I noticed that those times, although it jerked a little with its head, trying to squeeze a little air through it made sure it kept its teeth away.



Finally I started to cum and it choked again as the cum filled its throat.&nbsp; I managed one last thrust deep down its throat and moving my right hand was able to feel myself through its neck.&nbsp; After about 5 seconds a supreme effort enabled me to pull back and holding its hair firmly with both hands I positioned my cock barely inside its lips, so that the cum flowed directly only its cum.



Finally I found myself panting and sagging slightly at the knees, still holding its head but pulling it slightly towards me to keep my dwindling cock inside it.&nbsp; I took a couple of minutes to recover then looked down and said "Clean."&nbsp; It had obviously been expecting the command as immediately I felt its tongue start to run up and down my cock.&nbsp; I let go of its hair and allowed it freedom of movement and it continued licking up and down my cock until I was confident I was clear of any cum and starting to feel myself stiffening again.&nbsp; It could also feel this and since I said nothing continued.&nbsp; This time I stayed still, allowing it to do all the work, which it did almost eagerly.



After a few more minutes, with my cock fairly full again, as it pulled back to lick up my length again I said, "Stop!"&nbsp; It paused, its posture radiating confusion and its tongue protruding, quivering and just out of touch.



"Which of the bitches in this room deserves this privilege most?"&nbsp; I think it actually pouted as it sank back a little on its haunches thinking of what to say. 



After a few seconds reflection it ventured to say nervously "I suppose slave Jane master."



"Why?"&nbsp; A blank question, giving it no direction or sign of my personal wish.



It thought again.&nbsp; "I have behaved badly master.&nbsp; That also means she.. it, has been punished because of my actions."



I was silent for a moment then replied.&nbsp; "That is correct bitch,&nbsp; But is there anything else to be considered?"



There was a longer pause this time.&nbsp; It was trying to get its mind around all I had said and what I would want a slave slut to say.&nbsp; While this was probably to minimise any further pain such an action was a victory for me in that I was directing its thoughts along the path I desired.&nbsp; Once it started trying to think as a slave, for whatever reason, that tightened my grip on its mind a little further.



"Only that a slave is of no important and hence only what the master wants matters."



I gave it a couple of seconds then bent slightly and patted it on the head.&nbsp; "You're finally started to listen.&nbsp; Good bitch."&nbsp; I also noticed the smile its lips formed at the compliment.&nbsp; 



My cock had subsided somewhat and I said, "continue".&nbsp; It stuck its tongue out further and groped around with it, feeling blindly until it found my cock and then began to lick and suck it with real vigour and enthusiasm.&nbsp; It quickly started to swell again.&nbsp; I glanced around at Jane, which blanked its face but not before I saw the disappointment it had shown. 

w

A couple of minutes later I was gently swaying my hips and it was pushing its head backwards and forwards, in opposition to my swing to maximise the penetration.&nbsp; My hands were hanging lose by my side as it was working freely.&nbsp; Then on one out-swing I stepped backwards, away from it.&nbsp; There was a wail of confusion, coupled with fear as it swayed dangerously forward.&nbsp; With arms bound behind it and already tired the slut swayed dramatically for several seconds as it struggled for balance.&nbsp; Finally it managed to regain control and sank back on its haunches.&nbsp; It's head swung slowly from side to side, cocksucker open wide and tongue flicking about like a snake, puzzled and uncertain what was going on.



I laughed briefly and told it, "As you said bitch, what you want it totally fucking irrelevant."&nbsp; I looked at Jane waved it forward with one finger and a great grin broke across its face as it scrambled quickly over to my position.&nbsp; It's cocksucker opened wide and I grabbed its hair and began pounding deep down its throat.&nbsp; With its tongue urging me on with its long years of experience I came relatively quickly.&nbsp; This time, once I had finished, I sank onto my knees, resting them on the bitch's thighs as I rested for a couple of minute.&nbsp; Then I stood again and it obediently rose to its knees and cleaned me.&nbsp; I dried my cock on its hair and returned it to inside my pants.



Turning to July I said "Ready for the rest of you're drink now?"&nbsp; It was sat back on its haunches, a sullen expression across its mouth.&nbsp; With the excitement it had felt earlier snatch away from it I knew it would be more aware than before of its exhaustion and intense, for it, pain.&nbsp; There was an air of&nbsp; resignation in its reluctant nod and I walked over and bundled together the bulk of its long hair, much of which was now free of its mask.&nbsp; Quickly pulling that together into a single strand I held in my right hand I started directing it towards the edge of the pool by the table.&nbsp; It tried to scramble in that direction but with arms bound behind it and blindfolded it only managed to scuffle a few inches before the pull on its hair meant it was tipping forward.&nbsp; It crashed to the floor with a scream as its tortured boobs cushioned the rest of its torso from the fall.&nbsp; I dragged it by the hair the couple of feet to the edge of the pool and lowered its head until it felt the urine beneath it and slowly began licking.



I motioned Jane over.&nbsp; "Help it move about until it's cleared up all the mess.&nbsp; Give it a 10 minute break then take it back to its cage."&nbsp; Its hand grabbed the rough brand of hair I offered toward it as I continued.&nbsp; "Keep this out of the piss.&nbsp; It's useful as a handle and a towel but I don't want it be grabbing it and finding it coated with bitch piss."&nbsp; Jane nodded.



I stood up from my crouch and said as I walked towards the door.&nbsp; "Give it a piss break in two hours.&nbsp; Which mean you will give August one two hours after that."&nbsp; As I walked through the door I paused at the door and glanced back, enjoying the view.&nbsp; "Remember I told you not to piss earlier bitch?"&nbsp; Jane looked at me and nodded briefly.&nbsp; "July will beg you to use it after its finished here."&nbsp; I think there was a muted moan from July and a brief smile from Jane.&nbsp; "Lot more efficient that way, filtering it through both of them."&nbsp; I smiled again and left.



















Chap 13:- Another day&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As before the bitches were gathered prior to breakfast.&nbsp; However this time I only kept them waiting about 5 minutes as today would be busy.&nbsp; I was going to introduce them to the rest of their daily schedule which would mean new lessons to be learnt.&nbsp; I stroll quickly through the standing sluts, giving an occasional touch, pinch or hair tug as I checked over their appearance.&nbsp; Also I noticed that although a couple jerked slightly with surprise none made any complaint or tried to block my actions.



The sluts were starting to show signs of wear and tear.&nbsp; Apart from the various welts and bruises, most noticeable on April, July and August, they were distrevelled and dirty, with lank hair travelling from their hoods and distinct BO.&nbsp; The latter would help further in undermining their self-identity especially as they would have no idea when they would get a wash.&nbsp; July, of course, was in the worst state, with its far more frequent punishment and wavered a little from time to time as if it could hardly stand.



Having completed this I walked to the table and sat on it watching them for a minute, allowing tension to rise.&nbsp; Finally I spoke. "Well the good news is that you sluts have learnt something.&nbsp; There was no unauthorised yakking during the night."&nbsp; I paused to make them more nervous, then continued.&nbsp; "However there were two attempts at serious bitch abuse last night."



I allowed a period of silence that seemed to echo around the room.&nbsp; "In hindsight I may have underestimated the stupidity of you sluts.&nbsp; While anything with any intelligence would have realised such behaviour is unacceptable I realise that I never actually stated this.&nbsp; Therefore, in a spirit of generosity, I am quartering the penalties that apply.&nbsp; However this is a one time only exception.&nbsp; Future abuses will be punished properly."



I paused, then continued.&nbsp; "Collective punishment will consist of four strokes to each bitch.&nbsp; This will be performed, followed by extra punishment for the guilty bitches.&nbsp; Starting now!"&nbsp; With that the tutors, having been primed already, brought their straps down across the arses of 6 of the slaves.&nbsp; To maximise the element of surprise the ones selected were the 2nd of each pair, as they were probably expecting the others to get hit 1st.&nbsp; Several of them jerked, crying out with pain and a couple stumbled forward a pace.



"Silence!&nbsp; Get back into line."&nbsp; I shouted and they nervously shut up and stepped back into position.&nbsp; "Because you were unwilling to take you're punishment in a quiet and respectful manner that blow will not count."&nbsp; There was barely enough time to hear a couple of moans from the nearest bitches when the next blow landed, a pleasant ringing of slaps of leather on bitch arse cutting off the complaints.&nbsp; This time they were ready and stayed still, although a couple of small cries were heard.&nbsp; Heads jerked up in anguish then flinched again as the second blow stung them again.



I had instructed the tutors on what they were to do so this was followed by them stepping back a pace and changing from a forehand stroke to a backhand as they now struck the buttocks of the 1st in each pair.&nbsp; Again this was successful in gaining a measure of surprise and the bitches jerked in sudden pain.&nbsp; Three more blows followed, then the tutors turned back to their other slut and finished off with a couple of heavy blows to them.&nbsp; 



I smiled at the sight of the sluts withering with the pain, nervously fidgeting from foot to foot as they sought to overcome the pain without complaining or moving and risking prompting further punishment.&nbsp; I had each in turn speak to thank their tutor.&nbsp; This they did without objection or noticeable delay.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes they started to settle and I ordered, "Bring the guiltily sluts forward."



The tutors had shelved their straps and Kathy and Debbie stepped forward, moving around their charges then turned slightly.&nbsp; Kathy pinched the right nipple of March and said, "Come", starting to move forward.&nbsp; Debbie performed the same operation with November's left nipple.&nbsp; Both bitches, probably suspecting what was coming, winced, a brief gasp coming from March.&nbsp; As their tits started to stretch under the pressure they stumbled forward until the tutors had moved them to stand in front and either side of me.&nbsp; Debbie had taken a little longer as it needed to manoeuvre its charge through the front rank of sluts.



"In a couple of seconds you will lean forward until you are resting on the table.&nbsp; From that point you're tutors will give you a further 6 strokes.&nbsp; They will be followed by two tutor's given each bitch another 3 strokes.&nbsp; After this the slaves will thank each tutor then stand and be led back to its position.&nbsp; Sluts Janine and Jane will assist slut Kathy and sluts Carol and Sandra will aid slut Debbie.&nbsp; Now bend!"



Both bitches quivered for a moment then nervously started bending at the waist.&nbsp; With arms bound behind them they had no way to protect themselves from falling forward if they over balanced.&nbsp; As such they tried bending slowly, especially as their weight tilted forwards.&nbsp; After about 5 seconds I reached out and grabbed a breast in each hand.&nbsp; After a quick but firm squeeze, which prompted yelps from each and unbalanced them further, I tugged firmly.&nbsp; Deeper yells turned into screams as they fell forwards only to be stopped by my holding my hands still when their heads and shoulders were only an inch or so from the tabletop.&nbsp; This of course meant their breasts cushioned the blow of breaking their fall.&nbsp; They were still wailing at this when I gave another small tug and their bodies fell the last drop to land fairly quietly on the table.&nbsp; This left them in an uncomfortable position their upper shoulder, neck and head carrying the weight of their upper torso and restricting their breathing.



"Silence sluts!"&nbsp; I said loudly and angrily.&nbsp; A couple of moans were quickly silenced.&nbsp; I stepped forward a pace or two and inspected their arses, already tenderised by the earlier blows.&nbsp; March flinched briefly as I ran a hand over it but both wisely kept quiet.&nbsp; I gave each a firm slap on their outer cheek then stepped back to the table and moved my hands back to cup their inner tits.&nbsp; 



While I had been doing this, the tutors moved into position.&nbsp; Kathy and Debbie stood behind the bent bitches and Janine and Sandra took up position outside the sluts, ready to hold them if they tried to rise or otherwise move.&nbsp; Carol and Jane stood a bit further back, awaiting their turns.



I gripped the two boobs a little tighter, although still relatively loosely, and nodded.&nbsp; Kathy and Debbie lifted their arms then brought them down in swinging blows, throwing their entire weight into the action.&nbsp; Both guilty slaves howled, in part because the tutors were not using their straps but instead canes that had been positioned ready on the table.&nbsp; They jerked in agony and tried to rise.&nbsp; Possibly I had a better grip on November's larger breast as I was able to tighten my grip and hold it down, aided by Sandra's hand pushing down on its back.&nbsp; March's smaller tit however slipped my grip and it rose a couple of inches before Janine's hand stopped it then pushed it back down.



"You stupid cunts!&nbsp; I gave you simple orders and you still refused to obey."&nbsp; They both trembled at my words, also possibly the tightening of my grip on their breasts.&nbsp; "Since you were unhappy with that blow your tutors will have to apply it again."&nbsp; A low moan of despair rose from both sluts, cut short by a curt "silence" from adjacent tutors and my tightening my fists further and twisting their flesh slightly.



I nodded and the tutors struck again, bringing new cries and flinches from the sluts but they stayed bent over.&nbsp; They continued to maintain position, although emitting moans and cries while the other five strokes were applied to their arses.&nbsp; I helped in this by keeping a firm grip on their boobs, pulling down slightly when they twitched upwards.&nbsp; I was also aware that every time they moved in their agony it introduced new pressures and pain to their boobs.



When their tutors were finished they handed over the canes to the next pair of bitches.&nbsp; While the transfer took place I let go of their tits with a quiet "stay" and stepped forward to check my slave's handiwork.&nbsp; Both arses were now heavily welted and they flinched further as I ran hands over them before stepping back and grasping their breasts again.&nbsp; I nodded to Janine and Sandra and said "continue", and they swung their 1st blows.&nbsp; Both March and November juddered again under the blow, the vibrations transferring beautify to their hanging bags.&nbsp; Their cries were muted now but I noticed they were starting to sag at the knees.&nbsp; I motioned to the tutors to stop a minute and crouched down between the two sluts.



Whispering quietly in their ears I warned, "If you two sluts don't pick you're arses up and present them properly we will have to start again!"&nbsp; I emphasised my point by tightening my grip on their boobs considerably and then twisting my wrists sharply through 90 degrees.&nbsp; Both howled entertainingly, sagged a bit further then, with grunts of effort straightened their knees.&nbsp; I loosened my grip, said quietly, "That's better bitches.&nbsp; Now keep it there!" then lifted myself to stand between them again and nodded to the two blondes to resume their blows.



Both slaves took the rest of their punishment relatively quietly, sobbing a bit and wincing as the canes came down again.&nbsp; When Carol and Jane had finished I loosened the grip on their tits and stepped forward to admire their handiwork.&nbsp; Both bitches now had heavily marked rears, with deep welts cutting across the bruising that existed from earlier punishments.&nbsp; I knew they especially would find one of the next stages deeply uncomfortable.&nbsp; However my slaves had been skilful enough that although the damage was spread widely at no point were the guilty sluts bleeding,



I stepped back again and resumed my grip on their breasts, then said, "March 1st.&nbsp; Thank you're tutor."



It sobbed, lifted its head briefly, faltered the first time then said "Thank you Kathy."



"Properly!"&nbsp; I demanded.&nbsp; "Address it by title as a slave and say what you're thanking it for."



It hesitated for a moment then stuttered out "Thank you... slave Kathy.&nbsp; Thank you.. for.. punishing me."



"See bitch, as I said, easy when you behave."&nbsp; I couldn't pat it on the head with both hands occupied so I settled for a brief squeeze of its right breast.&nbsp; "Now you slut."&nbsp; I gave November's larger boob a quick but vicious squeeze and twist which made it cry out before relaxing my grip.



It gasped a couple of times, breathing in deeply then, presumably frightened of keeping me waiting too long, blurted out quickly, "Thank you slave Debbie, for punishing me."



"Good slut."&nbsp; I said patronisingly and gave a gentle squeeze this time.&nbsp; It gasped briefly again, more in surprise than actual pain.&nbsp; "Now thank the 1st of the other tutors who disciplined you."



It gave what I suspected was a moan of embarrassment then said "Thank you for punishing me slave .... Janine."



It yelped loudly when I squeezed its tit hard.&nbsp; "Stupid slut!"&nbsp; I squeezed again and twisted the breast hard then let go.&nbsp; "You're supposed to pay attention bitch.&nbsp; How the hell can you expect to serve properly if you never listen.&nbsp; It wasn't Janine that caned you but I've a good mind to give it a go now."



It shook its head nervously and started to blubber, "no..."&nbsp; but Debbie slapped its arse hard and said "silence slut!".



"However we're running short of time, so try it again slut".&nbsp; This time November managed to identify Sandra as the 2nd tutor to discipline it.&nbsp; I switched to March and it successfully identified Janine but got confused between Carol and Jane, earning its tit another firm squeeze.&nbsp; Finally they had completed their task and I ordered them to stand.&nbsp; Both struggled upright with a bit of difficulty then stood panting deeply.



I admired the battered state of their boobs, which looked distinctly painful but now my hands slide forward to slip a couple of fingers into each cunt.&nbsp; Both sluts fidgeted for a second or two but said nothing, growing resigned to the fact they had no say in how their bodies were used.



"You know why you were punished bitches?"&nbsp; November shook its head nervously but March nodded.&nbsp; "Speak slut", I said, nudging its clit with my thumb and sinking my fingers a little deeper.



It gasped lightly then said nervous, "I was.. was touching myself master."



"Correct."&nbsp; I paused then continued.&nbsp; "You're bodies exist solely for the use of their owner.&nbsp; They must not be abused by other parties, especially when it may distract you from you're orders.&nbsp; This time you were dealt with lightly.&nbsp; Next time you will pay a much higher price.&nbsp; Understand!"&nbsp; Both squealed as I dug nails into clits and also hooked my fingers.&nbsp; After a couple of seconds I relaxed the pressure and removed my fingers.&nbsp; They breathed out in relief, even as I wiped my hands on their bodies.&nbsp; I gestured and their tutors restored their grip on the slut's tits and led them back to their position in the ranks.&nbsp; What I hadn't mentioned, although the two bitches were fully aware of it, was what had happened when they had tried molesting themselves.&nbsp; Both events had been picked up by the bitch on observation duty.&nbsp; A good move for it as it would have been heavily punished if it had missed it.&nbsp; Each event had been stopped by a 2 minute bout of the pain wand at setting 4, which the guilty bitches had found very uncomfortable.



I knew the next order would not be welcomed.&nbsp; "Right bitches, sit!"&nbsp; There was a brief outbreak of moans, followed by new cries as straps hit already sore arses, reminding them to be quiet and obey.&nbsp; Cautiously the bitches lowered themselves, March and November being especially cautious but within a minute or so all were seated and waiting nervously as I continued.&nbsp; "You are all requiring some tidying up so on you're backs and spread those legs cunts."



Most of them complied almost immediately, a couple requiring further prompting, while the tutors quickly applied.&nbsp; Once they were all in place, legs spread wantonly wide the tutors hung up their straps and moved to the table to pick up their razors.&nbsp; Them moved quietly to kneel between the legs of one of their sluts.



"Now bitches.&nbsp; With three exceptions you are all going to lose some weight.&nbsp; The tutors are going to be using cut-throat razors so, if you don't want to lose anything other than some hair stay fucking still!"&nbsp; Several bitches wailed and a couple thrashed about a bit.&nbsp; In those cases the nearest tutor simply sunk a fist into the bitches abdomen and it got the message.&nbsp; In the case of&nbsp; June, as Sandra was working on May I simply applied a boot to its nearest tit and snarled "Quiet slut!"



After a couple of minutes they settled down to a nervous silence, broken by the occasional whimper.&nbsp; The tutors, having gained plenty of experience over the years on their own cunts, moved quickly and although they left the odd scrape of two they quickly and efficiently bared the slave's lips.&nbsp; I checked each cunt as the tutor finished, finding and tugging some spare hair in a couple of cases.&nbsp; The operation was speeded a little by the fact three bitches had been plucked yesterday so they needed no such effort.&nbsp; However, apart from the general effect of clearing their cunts for use I knew it would be stressful for the bitches, fear of the razors they could feel on some of their most tender flesh and embarrassment and humiliated further by the operation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While it was ongoing I made clear that this would be a regular operation to keep their cunts fully open to use.&nbsp; In future it would be done in their cells, prior to assembling for breakfast and would also include their armpits.&nbsp; I also spent a little time fondling the bitches after they had been shaved, or the three who were already process, to prevent them being left out.



Finally all bitches were back, kneeling, legs spread.&nbsp; Their cuffs were unbound and they were ordered to all fours, ready for breakfast and the meals were laid out for them.&nbsp; After the experiences the previous evening none of them objected to eating in such fashion, or my wandering about fondling their carcasses.&nbsp; Even April, with its piss flavouring made no objection and March only struggled briefly with the worms.



Once they had completed this and thanked me for the meal they were given their drinks, then moved back onto their knees.



"I will briefly mention how you're processing will change today.&nbsp; Rather than selecting bitches at random you will be divided into two shifts, January to June and July to December.&nbsp; Shift A will be processed in the morning.&nbsp; I will then break for lunch, while you rest in you're cages.&nbsp; In the afternoon I will work on shift B.&nbsp; After tea, once we have settled down there may be additional operations."&nbsp; I paused briefly, allowing a wave of moans to emerge from the sluts, quickly and entertainingly silenced by the tutors.&nbsp; "You need not worry that the off shift will be idle.&nbsp; Instead of lazing in you're cages you will undergo a series of exercises.&nbsp; This will not only avoid wasting time it will help keep you're carcasses in good condition.&nbsp; You're tutors will take you through the exercises, which will be built up over time as you're condition improves."



Prior to being allows back to their cells for a piss break, then being stored in their cages there was one other step added to their daily routine.&nbsp; Each tutor took one of its bitches at a time, re-cuffed its wrists in front of it and gave it a toothbrush, informing it that it had 3 minutes to clean its teeth.&nbsp; Most of the bitches welcomed this, as their mouths were pretty filthy after several days of heavy use with no cleaning.&nbsp; Even when they realised the drink of water used to swill their mouths out afterwards had to be swallowed rather than spit out. They were able to remove the taste of their meals and any lingering remains of the shit they had picked up from their butt plugs the previous night. Some of them may have thought this was a generous gesture on my part.&nbsp; One factor was that, until they had been treated with the serum, there was the risk of infection, reducing their effectiveness and possibly even threatening their continued functioning.&nbsp; More importantly was simply that their breath was becoming foul.&nbsp; While this was no problem for them or even the tutors I was finding the stench increasingly repulsive.



Once the bitches had been escorted back to their cages I took a break for my own breakfast, while sorting out final details for the day ahead, giving instructions to the tutors.&nbsp; Sandra had the privilege of being my pisspot then I instructed the last three bitches to collect the B shift for their exercises.&nbsp; As usual, with new operations I would supervise this, although this time keeping quietly in the background.&nbsp; I was confident that the new sluts had been cowered and disheartened enough during the past few days that no serious resistance would be supplied.



The bitches were gathered in one of the other rooms, assembled in a rough line with ankles chained to the floor, feet separated by about 18".&nbsp; Carol, as the senior slut spoke for all 3 tutors.&nbsp; "Bitches, you will shortly be given a dildo to hold.&nbsp; You will make sure you do not drop it.&nbsp; Do you understand!"&nbsp; They nodded reluctantly and the tutors moved forward.&nbsp; Probably none of the bitches were surprised that the dildos were inserted in their cunts but they were probably relieved that they were relatively slim.&nbsp; Even July and February, with their bruised cunts, showed relatively little sign of discomfort as the dildos were inserted.&nbsp; Although 8" long and fully inserted, until only the end could be glimpsed around the bitches' cunt lips, they were only 1/2" in diameter.&nbsp; Also being smooth and virtually totally light plastic so slide in quite easily.&nbsp; Probably at least a few had expected something huge and or rough.&nbsp; However they were shortly going to realise this was a mixed blessing.&nbsp; About a quarter of their entire weight was in the metal disk that formed the base, making them heavily weighted towards the bottom.&nbsp; Coupled with their slim diameter and smoothness the bitches realised they would need to grip tightly with their cunt muscles and also that the tutors were making no idle threat in warning them not to drop the dildos.



Carol continued once all the cunts were filled.&nbsp; "As you're aware you're pretty crap fucks."&nbsp; This caused several heads to jerk up, both because they were surprised and also offended.&nbsp; "Which is a serious fault considering one of you're main roles will probably be as fuck-toys."&nbsp; A couple of heads shook in disbelief.&nbsp; Carol slapped October's breast and Debbie did likewise for November, prompting surprised yelps from each.&nbsp; "It's no good lying bitches."&nbsp; Carol continued.&nbsp; "Each of you have been permitted to be fucked by the master but none of you made any effort to increase his pleasure. You all just lay there as if you had no duty to serve.&nbsp; Such laziness is totally unacceptable."&nbsp; The last was said with some venom and drew a response.



"What the hell!&nbsp; We're been kidnapped and raped and you expect us to oblige the bastard responsible!"&nbsp; I was standing behind the sluts and saw Debbie's face twist into a snarl at December's words as it raised its hand, forming a fist to strike the offensive slave.&nbsp; I raised my own hand, cautioning it to wait for the moment.&nbsp; It was so angry it nearly missed my sign but Carol noticed and put out a hand, attracting its attention.&nbsp; Both looked at me a little uncertainly but then, as October started to speak Carol smiled its understanding.



"Look.&nbsp; From what I've heard he abuses you as well.&nbsp; He's not here now.&nbsp; So let us go and we can all get away from him."&nbsp; It paused then, emboldened by the silence, continued.&nbsp; "Please.&nbsp; There's no need for us all to suffer like this.&nbsp; We can all be free again and give that bastard over to the cops."&nbsp; December nodded its agreement at this, unaware of the feral grins of rage being displayed by the tutors.&nbsp; 



September chipped in "Or lets give him a taste of his own measure.&nbsp; I'd like to give him a good beating the evil little pervert."&nbsp; December and November both nodded and gave words of agreement.&nbsp; I noticed however that July was quiet and slowly shaking its head.



October tried its more cautious and conciliatory approach.&nbsp; "How about it then.&nbsp; You could untie us and we could all escape.&nbsp; He seems to be on his own here so he can't stop us all and once we get help all the slaves could be freed.&nbsp; Including the other tutors."&nbsp; It paused for a moment and resumed. "How about it?"&nbsp; Several of the other slaves nodded or spoke quickly in agreement.&nbsp; For the 1st time August also nodded.&nbsp; There were a couple of seconds of silence and the tutors looked at me in anticipation.&nbsp; July finally spoke, but so softly I think only those listening or alongside it hear.&nbsp; "Fools," it said quietly.



I smiled and gave Jane a sign to speak to July and told the other two to hold off for the moment.&nbsp; Jane smiled and said, "July, what happens to a bitch which speaks without permission?"&nbsp; The temperature seemed to drop and I saw it shiver in terror.&nbsp; A couple of the other sluts looked around in confusion, as if they could see and understand what was happening.&nbsp; A couple started to open their cocksuckers and one started to say "What?" in puzzlement.&nbsp; July quivered again and said "It is punished" and its head dropped.



December started to speak, "What are you talking".&nbsp; I gave a 'thumbs up' to the tutors and they broke into broad grins as they too the chance to avenge the abuse of their master.&nbsp; It's comment ended with a cry of pain as Debbie's much delayed punch sank into its midriff.&nbsp; The bitch gasped and started bending forward in pain.&nbsp; A 2nd punch to its breast made it cry out again and drove it back upright.



October also grunted as Carol hit it hard, venting some of its anger on the slut with a couple of quick punches to its body then turning to hit September twice as well.



August turned its head in the direction of its moaning fellow sluts and started to say something but Debbie hit it once and said "Quiet scum!"



Carol grabbed the hair of both bitches it faced, jerking them upright with a squeal and also ordered them to be quiet.&nbsp; Debbie followed suit and all the sluts fell silent, some still wiggling in pain.&nbsp; Carol noticed that the dildo was slipping from October's cunt, commented on it and said, "here, let me help".&nbsp; It then kneed the bitch in its cunt and October howled in agony and pulled from Carol's grip as it fell to the floor.&nbsp; Carol gave it a small push as it fell to ensure it went backwards.&nbsp; It turned to September and as the slut shook its head nervously and started trying to plea for mercy Carol treated it likewise.&nbsp; Debbie hit December again and then also kneed its cunt.&nbsp; July, August and November jerked around nervously, aware from the cries that there was a lot of punishment going on and fearful they would be next.&nbsp; They had however been less guilty so I signed to the tutors to be more restrained.&nbsp; With August and November they just used the palms of their hands to jam the dildos back into place. To my surprise Jane looked at July's cunt and pushed it slightly with a couple of fingers but the bitch had kept a tight grip on the dildo despite events around it.



Once they were back in place Jane spoke 1st, ordering July to apologies and beg for punishment.&nbsp; It did so quickly and with only the barest break in its voice.&nbsp; August followed its lead when it was ordered to show contrition.



When Carol spoke to September it was still moaning in pain and ignored the instruction until Carol raised its left foot and placed the heel, hardened by years of use, on the sluts cunt and lower abdomen.&nbsp; It initially shook its head, whether refusing to obey of desperately pleading was unclear, then howled again as Carol increased the weight.&nbsp; It shouted, "No..&nbsp; No..&nbsp; Pleassses no!"



Carol eased the pressure slight and said "What bitch?"&nbsp; 



September took a deep breath of relief then as Carol's heel started to lower again desperately blurted out "Please no.&nbsp; I'm sorry.&nbsp; I apologise for insulting my master."



Carol paused again and after a couple of seconds asked, "And?"



It looked slightly bemused then, as the foot lowered again and the bitch started to arc its back in pain it got the message.&nbsp; "Please, please punish me for my actions."&nbsp; 



Carol rested its foot on September's cunt for a few seconds, the slut withering beneath it but trying to keep silent, then whimpering in relief as Carol lifted its foot.



This had given the other bitches time to think.&nbsp; Carol switched feet, bringing its right heel down on October's cunt and I was surprised when it initially rebelled, shouting "Go to hell bitch!"&nbsp; Carol responded by lifting its foot then bringing it down hard and the slave withered in agony.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Carol stamped again and then lowered its heel and began to push again its cunt, driving the dildo deeper.&nbsp; Jane had moved forward and grabbed October's shoulder's preventing it being pushed away.&nbsp; It tried hunching up but could only escape so far and after a few more seconds gave another shriek then shouted out. "OK!"&nbsp; Carol relaxed the pressure a little and October quickly rambled out an apology and plea for punishment.&nbsp; Carol made it repeat the words more clearly and steadily and then, after a final jab that brought a new howl from the slut removed its foot.



This had given the last two sluts time to consider their actions and November, guessing how much pain it could suffer stumbled over the words as it gushed out an apology and begged for punishment.&nbsp; It fell to its knees in fear and I could see as well as hear as its bladder gave way.&nbsp; Debbie said "I see you're thirst bitch.&nbsp; Apologies for making that mess then start cleaning it up."&nbsp; 



November hesitated a moment and when I watched the video later I saw it blanch but then it said "I'm sorry mistress.&nbsp; Please forgive me.&nbsp; I'll clear my mess up."&nbsp; 



Its head rocked with a firm slap from Debbie who retorted.&nbsp; "I'm not you're mistress bitch.&nbsp; I'm another slave slut like you.&nbsp; Just a better behaved one."

 

It however helped November down onto its belly so that the slave had its head in the puddle it had made and reluctantly at first it started licking up its piss.



December was still lying on its back, arced over its bound arms.&nbsp; It frantically spoke, apologising for its behaviour and asking for punishment.&nbsp; Given what it said I knew there was no way Debbie would let it off that lightly and the tutor jabbed its heel three times into the bitches cunt, then made it repeat the words.&nbsp; "You might mean them this time slut!" It said as it finished.&nbsp; December tried to curl up into a ball and apart from some panting and nervous breathing all that could be heard was November's slurping, which increased in intensity after Debbie gave it a couple of quick touches of the strap and ordered it to hurry up.



Carol ordered July and August, the only new sluts left standing, down to their knees and they gratefully sank down to rest for the moment.&nbsp; 



After about 5 minutes November had cleaned up to Debbie's satisfaction and the six sluts were pulled to their feet, hair and breasts providing useful handholds.&nbsp; The tutors checked their charges cunts, pushing in the dildos to their full extent again and Carol warned October that as it was bleeding it should be careful not to make a mess.



Once they were standing Carol spoke again.&nbsp; "After that disgusting display I will have to report all you sluts to the master."&nbsp; It ignored a couple of groans that resulted and continued.&nbsp; "I will recommend 100 extra punishment strokes for July, 250 each for August and November and a full thousand each for the other sluts." This brought more groans, this time silenced by the straps.&nbsp; "Corresponding specials will be 15, 30, and 150!"&nbsp; This time they all kept quiet, although I noticed July shake its head wearily, presumably at the extra punishment its boobs would take.&nbsp; As if that would be significant in the longer run I couldn't resist thinking, given what it had coming.



"Of course master may well decide I am being too generous and increase the punishment and decide a higher rate is more appropriate.&nbsp; That is his right." It said with finality.



After a pause it continued. "Back to what you sluts are here for.&nbsp; You will learn to be decent fucks.&nbsp; To start with you will stand here now for a period of time to exercise you're cunt muscles.&nbsp; Every time you drop the dildo it will be re-inserted.&nbsp; Each time it drops earns you all punishment, both individual and collective.&nbsp; So you better hope you're fellow sluts are working out", it concluded wryly.&nbsp; "And if master doesn't tell us you're fucking has improved dramatically."&nbsp; It left the sentence unfinished, but I saw several of the sluts quack in apprehension.



Carol walked over and started the clock.&nbsp; I had ordered that the bitches be given a 30 minute period for this first session.&nbsp; Judging by the results from that, and the rate of improvement of their fucking , would decide when and how that would be increased.&nbsp; I signed to the tutors that I had seen enough and they started placing metal disks on the floor between the slaves legs, to make the sound of any dropping dildo clear.&nbsp; Also the clanging of those being placed served to cover my exit and by startling the sluts would give them practice at ignoring distractions.



I moved to the exercise room I had used the previous days and rang Janine to fetch January.&nbsp; Switching on the monitor I was able to keep track of the two sluts as they approached.&nbsp; Today and for the rest of this week the bitches would not have their wrists bound behind them as they were brought in.&nbsp; Instead the cuffs would simply hang from their left wrist as they were brought in, crawling on hands and knees and led by their tutor, pulling them on a leash.&nbsp; It took a bit of time but Janine was experienced enough to move rapidly enough that January was struggling to keep up, rubbing its knees on the stone floors and leaving itself breathless.&nbsp; Janine stopped it at the doorway, then led it at a more leisurely pace as they entered the room.&nbsp; This was so I could admire the view of the bitch as it was lead across the room to the far wall.&nbsp; Its breasts, although not the largest were fairly full, 32DDs, and bobbed beautify as it slowly moved across the room.&nbsp; I felt the familiar itch in my foot as the temptation to approach and give the nearest one a full kick rose but for the moment I fought it down.



Finally the bitch stopped, its hooded head touching the wall.&nbsp; Under instruction from its tutor it turned and backed until its feet were against wall and it faced back towards the door.&nbsp; I saw it panting and despite its head down position could make out its tits heaving as I approached.&nbsp; Moving to one side I stepped over it with one foot, then sat down on its buttocks.&nbsp; It flinched at the contact but Janine slapped its head lightly and ordered it to be still and its legs took the weight as I slowly lowered myself down.&nbsp; 



For a couple of minutes I just ran my hands across its carcass, stroking its back, leaning forward slightly to cup and squeeze its breasts.&nbsp; It flinched again at the latter but I put very little force into my grip, only making it aware of what I could do.&nbsp; Letting go I leaned backward and fondled its arse, pinching a bit more forcibly now, nudging the end of the butt plug then reaching lower to fondle and pinch its cunt lips.&nbsp; A couple of times I felt it quiver but it had learned enough to submit in silence.&nbsp; I leaned forward again and while one hand groped a breast the other stroked and lightly pulled its hair.



I briefly rested both hands on its shoulders and pushed, then a bit firmer and it sagged slightly.&nbsp; "Hold firm," I ordered and tried again.&nbsp; It gasped again as I pushed a bit firmer but held steady.&nbsp; I straightened up and leaned backwards slightly as I spoke.&nbsp; "Now in a minute bitch we're going for a walk.&nbsp; We will head for the far side of the room and you will stop when you're nose touches the far wall, understand?"&nbsp; It gave a small nod, wincing again as I moved slightly and my backbone ground against the base of its spine.&nbsp; This was uncomfortable for both of us but I was willing to put up with it and the bitch didn't have a choice.



I carefully lifted my right food and rested the heel on its shoulder, then lifted the other foot.&nbsp; It sagged slightly as it was carrying my full weight, nearly 15 stone.&nbsp; However, as I was keeping only a fraction of my weight on its shoulders, the vast majority was being supported by its legs.&nbsp; I gestured to Janine and it handed me the leash.&nbsp; Taking it in my right hand I shook the lead and said, "Mush!"&nbsp; It shook slightly, I suspect in embarrassment as the comparison with a dog.



After a few seconds it cautiously shuffled its right arm forward.&nbsp; Its body shook as it struggled to maintain balance and then eased its left knee forward.&nbsp; It shook with the effort as it struggled to lift one knee a little and push it forward.&nbsp; After a few seconds it stopped and I felt it gasp in breath, finding the task very difficult.



"If you drop you're master you will regret it bitch."&nbsp; I warned it to increase the pressure.&nbsp; "Now get a move on."&nbsp; I could see the back of its head droop further but after a pause its left arm moved forward.



Progress across the room was aching slow and several times it stopped moving totally for a while, simply pausing and gasping in breath as it tried to gain what rest and recuperation it could.&nbsp; The bitch actually made it to within 8' of the wall before its left arm gave way.&nbsp; There was an audible clunk as its jaw met the floor then a yelp as its breasts also made contact.&nbsp; My feet scrambled for a few seconds then I was able to push the right one off the floor and get both back on its shoulders.&nbsp; This further increased the pressure on its breasts, especially as I was pressing down somewhere to maintain my position until it accepted the inevitable and allowed its hips to fall as well.&nbsp; This meant a drop for both of us and there was another grunt as my landing drove the breath from it.&nbsp; I rested for a minute or so then repositioned myself.&nbsp; Now I was kneeling on its shoulders, with my heels resting on the lower back.&nbsp; I leaned forward to hiss into its ear.&nbsp; "Well bitch, as you were too lazy to walk you will have to crawl the rest of the way."&nbsp; It moaned but as I knelt back, taking weight off its upper torso it started to reach out with its hands, seeking to drag itself along.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Progress this way was even slower and after a couple of minutes I got fed up and ordered it to stop.&nbsp; I slowly rose to my feet, still standing on it as it groaned its discomfort beneath me.&nbsp; Bracing myself with one foot on its shoulders, the other on its rear I rocked gently for a few seconds, alternatively grinding its groin and breasts into the floor while it groaned again then stepped off to one side.&nbsp; I turned and spoke disparagingly to it.&nbsp; "Since you are too lazy to do as you're told slut I will have to punish you."&nbsp; This brought another moan from it but although if shifted position slightly it made no attempt to escape, already cowered enough.&nbsp; "However I will have to leave that until later.&nbsp; Get up and crawl to the table for you're session."&nbsp; I knew this would heighten the tension, making it fearful of what would be coming while having to undergo its normal duties.&nbsp; 



It laboriously lifted itself to its knees, crawled a pace then realised it didn't know where it was supposed to be going.&nbsp; Janine slapped its arse then picked up the leash and led it to the table.&nbsp; It said a single word, "Up", then as the slut rose turned it and started tying its legs to the table.&nbsp; I moved around the table to examine it from the other side.&nbsp; Its breasts looked redden and raw where they had scrapped across the floor and it flinched as I handled them.&nbsp; The rest of its front was also dirty from its crawl.



January was relatively quiet and passive during the session that followed.&nbsp; It howled a little as I cropped its already sore breasts then tried to avoid going down on them when ordered to lower itself.&nbsp; It even tried to beg for me not to force it down but a quick punch to its abdomen quickly corrected that behaviour and after that it restricted itself to a few moans and some sobbing as I lashed its arse.&nbsp; It continued to be very passive during the fuck and I slapped its arse hard and warned it that behaviour would have to change.&nbsp; It probably didn't understand what I meant, but the afternoon lesson would point it in the right direction.&nbsp; It was quiet while it cleaned my cock and removed and eat the condom then spoke quietly to thank me before being allowed to crawl back to its cage.



The amount of time spent on its crawl meant that doing the same with the other bitches wouldn't be practical so I decided to only walk two bitches a day, one from each shift.&nbsp; It also meant that when I switched to the view of the other training room the three tutors were already well into the punishment for their sluts.&nbsp; I checked the figures and realised how much the earlier in-discipline and retaliation had taken out of the three bitches chiefly guilty.&nbsp; Had expected July to have the highest score of drops given the state of its cunt but both October and December had scored higher than it, October having lost its grip no less than 13 times.&nbsp; This had probably been helped by the blood making the dildo more slipily, along with growing exhaustion.&nbsp; However by the end they had probably all been fairly wet, their bodies natural responses helping to protect their cunt but making the task more difficult in holding the slipping tubes.&nbsp; The score of falls had gone up markedly in the last ten minutes and I was confident that if the time limit had been increased a little would have earned the sluts markedly more punishment.&nbsp; This they would find out in the following days as the time limit was increased, giving an incentive to tighten their cunt grips.



The punishment was simple.&nbsp; Each bitch received two sets of strips, for its individual score and then, on a 2nd pass, an average of the total earned by all of them.&nbsp; Rounded up this amounted to another 10 for each slut.&nbsp; Delivery was simple.&nbsp; Each slave was grabbed in turn by two bitches, holding it in place and preventing it falling down.&nbsp; Its tutor used a light strap, to sting rather than bruise although with the number of blows all were feeling distinctly sore and battered by the end.&nbsp; As it was the laziness of the cunts that had earned the punishment the strokes were supplied to their lips.&nbsp; The bitches howled entertainingly and bucked and struggled but bound and gripped firmly were unable to escape until their punishment was over, after which they were allowed to drop to the floor, whimpering.&nbsp; At least until the 2nd pass for the collective punishment, which was only made clear to them as this started.



At the end of this they were given a 15 minute break then the tutors started putting them through a series of more conventional exercises.&nbsp; Arms were moved to the front so they could perform some squat thrusts, then back again while they did sit-ups.&nbsp; Some jogging on the stop followed, jarring their sore lips further.&nbsp; This was followed by some weight exercises and finally some arm swings.&nbsp; Tutors paid close attention to ensure that no slackness occurred and exercises were performed fully, making their point with their straps.&nbsp; By the time the sluts were led back to their cages they were well exercised and also sweating and exhausted.



Long before the initial punishment had finished I had commenced on February, watching it approach and having Janine parade it across the room.&nbsp; Since I was not taking a ride on it I allowed myself the pleasure of a kick at its bobbing boob, which sent it crashing to the floor, whimpering and moaning.&nbsp; After a minute I pulled it back to its knees by its hair and ordered it to turn around.&nbsp; It spoke briefly, begging me not to kick it again, cut short by Janine's lash across its arse.&nbsp; I made clear my displeasure at this selfishness.&nbsp; "Bitch.&nbsp; You have been warned before about trying to put yourself before your master.&nbsp; That will earn you another 50 strokes plus 10 specials, doubled for speaking without permission."&nbsp; It moaned but wisely said nothing as I continued.&nbsp; "You will turn through 180 and present you're other tit.&nbsp; You will then thank your master for making use of you.&nbsp; If you haven't turned in 30 seconds I will consider you to have failed.&nbsp; We will repeat this exercise until you get it correct.&nbsp; Is that clear!"&nbsp; The last words were virtually shouted into its ear.&nbsp; It whimpered again, shook its head briefly but then, realising it had no choice if it wanted to minimise the pain it would suffer, slowly turned.&nbsp; I took careful aim and this time lifted it partly off its near hand by the force of its blow.&nbsp; The resultant screech echoed around the room as it collapsed onto its side, sobbing and gingerly clutching its breast.&nbsp; 



I gave it a full minute then crouched down alongside it and said "Well slut.&nbsp; Don't you have something to say?"



It moaned again but the menace in my voice penetrated its pain and it nervously said "Please...Please master.&nbsp; Thank you, .. thank you for using me."



"That's better slut.&nbsp; Now back onto you're knees and Janine will take you to the table for you're session."



It shuddered and gave a feeble "no" remembering that if the session was the same as the previous day its already aching breasts were to suffer further agony.&nbsp; Being cropped, supporting its weight while its arse was whipped then both our weights as I fucked it.&nbsp; 



This was accurate in most respects but it did find one difference.&nbsp; Even given my experience of slave manufacture and the boost to my stamina given by the serum I was doubtful about being able to fuck all twelve bitches every day, let along that I wished to leave something spare for the old slaves.&nbsp; Therefore I would only fuck one of each pair every day, switching to the other six the following day.&nbsp; However February and the other 2nd sluts would find they were not to be idle.&nbsp; Their tutor equipped with a 9" strap-on, would give each slave a 15 minute pounding to keep its cunt in practice.&nbsp; The tutor would also rest on the slut for a while after the sex so although they were barely half my weight the slave would not miss out on that either.&nbsp; Given that the cock penetrating them would stay the same size and firmness throughout the fuck I was not sure whether they would consider themselves lucky compared to their colleges.&nbsp; Not that they had any say in the matter of course.&nbsp; The tutors would also have the benefit that the strap-on was double ended, with 4" penetrating their own cunts.



In this way I worked through the A shift during the rest of the morning.&nbsp; April got some rough handling until it was pleading with me to stop, after which of course I hurt it a while longer.&nbsp; During the afternoon I found the B shift, chasten by the morning exercises, more obedient.&nbsp; Even when I rode August it was docile and tried to obey, although it staggered less distance than January.&nbsp; I allowed it to drag itself, and its master, a bit further in retaliation.&nbsp; Several of the sluts on both shifts also had their boobs massaged by my boots.&nbsp; September, October and December were nervous and compliant but I said nothing about their morning misbehaviour.



The A shift struggled a bit more with the exercises as they were already drained by their morning session.&nbsp; However they avoided the errors of the other shift in not trying rebellion and hence their cunts were generally in better condition by the end of the day.&nbsp; 



In the evening the sluts were fed and watered quickly and efficiency.&nbsp; The news that the 'disgraceful behaviour this morning' meant there would be collective punishment generated a couple of brief moans but the tutor's straps quickly silenced them. The punishment was in the form that all twelve sluts had their dogfood well watered with piss.&nbsp; Also October had a dozen cockroaches and February a sprinkling of nettles flavouring their meals.



After this they were allowed to use the toilet and then restricted to their cages for the night.&nbsp; Because of the problems the previous night all of them had their hands cuffed behind them to stop them abusing themselves.&nbsp; This meant they had difficulty resting, as such bounds required them to sleep on their sides or fronts, not comfortable with the number of bruised breasts in the party.



I gave then 30 minutes to settle down then Carol fetched September, uncuffing and leashing it and having it crawl back to the training room.&nbsp; It was left there, kneeling for 10 minutes on the cold floor, nervously waiting until I entered the room, my boots clearly audible.&nbsp; 



I waited another minute then said, "I understand there's a bitch that wants to whip its master?" my voice icy and threatening.&nbsp; It shivered and seemed to shriven a little lower but said nothing.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I gave it 5 seconds to reply then gave a light kick to its right thigh, the metal cap of my boot prompting a cry of pain and a jerk.



"I'm sorry master.&nbsp; I didn't mean it".&nbsp; It yelled louder as the next kick hit the same place but was significantly harder.&nbsp; 



"A liar as well I see."&nbsp; 



It whimpered and cowered further.&nbsp; "Well?"



"I'm sorry master.&nbsp; I.. I apologise for."&nbsp; Again a kick silenced it, but this time a gentle warning one, lower on its thigh.&nbsp; However that leg was probably getting pretty sore by now.



"What should you be saying bitch?"&nbsp; I asked warningly.



It was silent for a few moments then tried again.&nbsp; "Master...&nbsp; master, please... please punish me for what I said."



"Better.&nbsp; But what should be a suitable punishment?"&nbsp; I was determined to underline its helplessness.



It stuttered for a few moments then said "I'm not sure master. "&nbsp; Then after a few moments,&nbsp; "Am I not being punished by the extra stroked slave Carol awarded?"



"That is a start but barely sufficient for such a crime."&nbsp; My tone was cold and it cringed again.&nbsp; After a pause I spoke again.&nbsp; "Slave August expressed a desire to bite me and I removed a couple of its teeth.&nbsp; Possibly I should remove a couple of you're fingers?"



"No!!..&nbsp; Please master.&nbsp; Don't do" This time the kick was to its midriff and it gagged and half fell to its belly.&nbsp; I heard the flow of liquid as it pissed itself and saw the puddle pooling between its thighs.&nbsp; 



"Still thirsty bitch.&nbsp; You better clean that mess up.&nbsp; Now!"&nbsp; The last was loud and commanding.&nbsp; It shook and whimpered but after a couple of seconds started to turn around, trailing its right leg a little.&nbsp; I motioned to Carol and it grabbed September's hair and roughly directed it to puddle, thrusting its face down and hearing it gasp and then start frantically slurping.&nbsp; 



"Of course you're tutor will have to pay for you're disobedience.&nbsp; Carol, position 23."&nbsp; Carol sank to hands and knees about 5 feet away.&nbsp; September paused in its drinking for a second, nervous about what was coming.&nbsp; "Keep on cleaning up bitch but listen to what happens."



It started slurping again and I walked over to where Carol waited, probably suspecting what was coming.&nbsp; Its head was out but eyes closed and it stayed perfectly still.&nbsp; I swung my right foot back and then forward, driving into its left boob, lifting it almost a foot and nearly tipping it over.&nbsp; Its cry echoed around the room and it sank back to the floor mewing in agony and gently cupping the throbbing orb.&nbsp; I gave it about a minute as its breath slowed and it started to recover then said, "Turn through 180".&nbsp; It gasped once then rose to hands and knees and shuffled around to present its right side to me.&nbsp; I positioned myself and sank my boot into its right breast, eliciting a new scream and it sank down again.&nbsp; Despite having its head buried into the floor its sobbing was clearly audible. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I glanced back at September, which had lifted its head and snapped "What are you doing bitch!"&nbsp; Its head rapidly sank again and it drank noisily.



Again I gave Carol about a minute to recover then said "Turn 90".&nbsp; It whimpered once but turned through roughly 90 degrees and worked its thighs apart, exposing its cunt to me.&nbsp; This time I put my full weight into the swing and its hips lifted several inches under the blow as the boot sank deep into its cunt.&nbsp; Carol again sank to the floor whimpering and withering in agony.&nbsp; I noticed when I pulled my boot back that there was some blood on the toes.



It took Carol a couple of minutes before it recovered enough to complete the process.&nbsp; It rose slowly to its knees and turned around, weaving slightly, until it faced me.&nbsp; It spoke briefly, "Thank you master." Then bent forward.&nbsp; What should have been a couple of quick kisses, one to each foot became a more prolonged operation as, seeing the blood it started to lick its master's boots clean.



It only took a few seconds for the experienced tongue to complete the task then Carol slowly and painfully moved to assume its normal waiting position, kneeling thighs widely spread and arms crossed behind it.&nbsp; This presented it fully to both visual and tactile access and I couldn't resist crouching down and examining it.&nbsp; Carol was trained well enough that it stayed still and managed a smile as I reached forward and it only winced when a hand closed relatively gently on its left breast, fondling the bruise that was developing.&nbsp; I know it would only last an hour or so before healing up but would be sore for that period of time and gave it a brief squeeze.



I rose and turned to September.&nbsp; It had just about finished its task and I asked it if it knew what had happened to Carol.&nbsp; It shook its head nervously, "You hurt it master, but I'm not sure how."&nbsp; 



I explained what I had done and it moaned in terror.&nbsp; It was visibly shaking when I continued, "Do you think that would be an appropriate punishment for you bitch?"



Its head dropped further and it shook more violently.&nbsp; I thought it would not answer and was pulling my foot back to prompt it again but it suddenly spurted out "Yes master.&nbsp; I think that would be just."



I suspect it had hoped to avoid angering me further but I snapped back, "Don't be stupid slut.&nbsp; You're crime deserves far more punishment than that!" It winced as I continued.&nbsp; "After all, if that was all you deserved would I treat you're tutor was badly?"&nbsp; I changed subject slightly to further burden it.&nbsp; "Of course you're tutor is responsible for you're behaviour so it will have the duty to discipline you as well for what you have gone to it."



I looked down and the slut was curled up as tightly as possible, head pressed to the ground as if it was trying to disappear.&nbsp; "I suppose 10 such cycles might be adequate."



It flinched and I heard it mutter "ten" in terror so I gave it's upper thigh a light kick to remind it I had not given permission to speak.



"I suppose, " I said, almost as if I was thinking things over, "since you're a relatively inexperienced slave I could show some generosity."&nbsp; It looked up with a brief flash of hope, which I quickly stamped on.&nbsp; "So lets say I would spread it over two days, 5 cycles a day."&nbsp; It gasped in despair as its head dropped but wisely kept quiet.



"Well bitch, what about that."&nbsp; Before it could respond I continued.&nbsp; "Of course you would have to complete each set of five else they wouldn't count and have to be repeated."&nbsp; It groaned again. I knew in its present state of processing it would not only be unable to obey during such punishment it would probably be physically unable to take it but I could feel the fear radiating from it.



After a few seconds it started to shake its head, whether rejecting my offer or in deep despair about the hopelessness of its position.&nbsp; "Well, if you reject such a generous offer I will have to suggest one cycle a day bitch."&nbsp; After a couple of seconds its head rose in my general direction and I could almost feel the relieve emanating from it.&nbsp; I couldn't resist a quiet chuckle that it was almost ecstatic about receiving three heavy kicks.&nbsp; What it was overlooking was that I had stated no end point to the treatment and it would realise, in ten days at the most, that it would continue until I was satisfied it had learnt its lesson.



"Assume position!"&nbsp; I ordered.&nbsp; It jerked, quivered for a few seconds, then reluctantly straightened its back and limbs and awaited the blow.&nbsp; I was going to play with its mind a bit longer through before starting the physical punishment.&nbsp; "Lets get the rules straight.&nbsp; You will have a minute between each blow before setting yourself up for the next.&nbsp; It will go tit, tit, cunt, then you will turn to face you're master thank me and kiss my feet.&nbsp; Don't worry about finding them slut."&nbsp; I said the latter in a joking tone but it shivered again, possibly fearing it would get another kick.&nbsp; However that carried too much risk of serious damage, possibly even destroying it.&nbsp; Unless I was feeling really pissed-off I wouldn't do that to a bitch which had been serum treated as there was a risk of destroying it in one blow and wasting all the work I had put into it.&nbsp; The slut didn't need to know that however.&nbsp; "Understand?"&nbsp; I said after a brief pause.&nbsp; It shivered again and after a couple of seconds nodded briefly.&nbsp; 



I waited several seconds to allow its fears to grow and lifter my right foot back, then swung it forward into September's left breast.&nbsp; It lifted a couple of inches as the air left its lungs with a howl then dropped down to the ground, its arm folding under it.&nbsp; This prompted another cry as the breast struck the floor and it sprung, twisting to its right side to lift the damaged lump, small as it was in September's case, away from the floor.&nbsp; Its legs bent as it curled up into a protective ball.&nbsp; I crouched beside it, not touching it for a few seconds as it moaned and sobbed.&nbsp; Then I moved my hand to grab its left and arm and started moving it to one side. The slut tried to resist for a moment then sobbed again and let its hand go limp.&nbsp; The blow had been well aimed as its small boob was already starting to swell with a bruise from the edge of the orb to the nipple.&nbsp; I blew air across it and the slut winced, the boob shivering entertainingly.&nbsp; I touched the bruise with a finger and it yelped and jerked slightly.&nbsp; I stood up and looked at the clock.



The kick hadn't been quite as hard as those I had given to Carol.&nbsp; Although September deserved it more it wasn't physically or mentally hard enough to take as much let.&nbsp; I reminded myself it would be suffering for a hell of a lot longer however.&nbsp; Similarly I gave it nearly ten seconds past the minute before I tapped its leg lightly with a boot and said, "Up bitch.&nbsp; Present for the next kick."&nbsp; It moaned for a couple of seconds and didn't move.&nbsp; I bent down and grabbed a chunk of hair , gave a sharp tug, which made it yell, and snarled "If you're not in position in 10 seconds bitch we have to start again.&nbsp; Get me!"



It yelped again at another tug and started to rise to its feet.&nbsp; I started to count down and its movement became more urgent.&nbsp; By the time I reached two it was on hands and knees, but quivering and still largely left side on.&nbsp; "Turn round slut.&nbsp; Or are you saying you're left tit needs another kick.&nbsp; I'll accept that if you say so."



This spurred it into action and it scrabbled around, wavering from side to side and ending up roughly aligned.&nbsp; I gave it terse instructions, making it turn a bit more, then back slightly until it was properly aligned.&nbsp; Making sure it did all the work.



I didn't give it time to rest, kicking again, slightly harder this time, and it collapsed again, moaning and withering.&nbsp; This time trying to rest on its side helped it little as it meant the still painful left breast was hanging and brushing its arm.



Again I gave it an extra 10 seconds but this time I just nudged its side with my foot and started counting down again.&nbsp; It began moving almost immediately, but very slowly, obviously in intense pain.&nbsp; Under instruction it turned to align its cunt and then spread its thighs a little wider.&nbsp; I lifted my foot, nudging its lips slightly and it jerked, prompting me to ordered "Still!" and it froze.&nbsp; I swung my foot back then forward and kicked hard and its hips shuddered and lifted slightly as the bitch howled its agony.&nbsp; It slumped forward onto its face, presumably bruising its tits further but forgetting them for the moment in the new pain flashing through its most sensitive flesh.



I was not surprised, given the force of the blow and what it had suffered earlier, that it had stained my boot with some blood and more was flowing, although not heavily, from between its lips.&nbsp; After a couple of seconds this was accompanied and vastly exceeded by another flood of urine as in pain its bladder control was lost again.&nbsp; "Damn you're a thirsty bitch"&nbsp; I said but wasn't aware if it heard me.



It was nearly two minutes before I spoke again, saying harshly, "Well bitch, don't you have something to say?"



It moaned but started laboriously lifting itself to its hands and knees.&nbsp; Wobbling visibly it slowly turned and, voice wracked with pain said "Master thank.... Thank you for punishing me."



"Kiss!"&nbsp; I said and it bent forward, nearly tipping over and planted a kiss on my left boot, which I had positioned in front of it.&nbsp; "Right!"&nbsp; and it swayed slightly to the right, then understood and weaved back the other way to kiss my right boot.&nbsp; I think I heard a slight 'Ugh' at the taste of its own blood and Carol, who had knelt beside it hissed - "Clean it you stupid cunt."&nbsp; It slowly started to lick the boot until the blood had all been removed to Carol's satisfaction.



"You're messy bitch.&nbsp; Got some more drinking to do yet."&nbsp; This brought another moan from it but it started to turn.&nbsp; "Never mind.&nbsp; We'll see if you do better tomorrow."&nbsp; It stopped in mid-turn and shook in fear at the reminder it would have to go through the same ordeal the following day and for several days afterwards.&nbsp; Although it didn't realise exactly how long.&nbsp; However it continued its turn and, guided quite well by its nose, assisted by Carol's hand in its hair, found the puddle and dutifully started to lick up the piss.



I could see its cunt was still leaking a little blood and instructed Carol to give it an iodine spray, to help clean the wound and an anti-biotic shot to avoid infection.&nbsp; The iodine would also sting it considerably and it would not get a lot of rest for the first part of the night but should help avoid any infection.



I left, only to summons Jane to bring December to the other room.&nbsp; This went through a similar route, being reminded of its outburst and forcing it to apologise and beg for punishment.&nbsp;&nbsp; Since it was getting late I decided to simply copy what I had done with September, with slightly different language.&nbsp; As the bitch heard Debbie doing its circle I could see it quivering in terror and when ordered to assume position it was slow and tried hiding its breasts slightly behind bent arms until a stiff kick to its thigh persuaded it to correct its posture.&nbsp; After a hard kick to its left breast it collapsed in the expected heap, moaning and shaking and was slow in rising to present itself for the 2nd kick, despite the extra time I gave it.



Things really came to an head when it was ordered to present its cunt for the final kick. It refused, both physically by keeping itself folded up the ground and even verbally, saying "no" in a quiet voice.&nbsp; There was no way I was tolerating this insubordination.&nbsp; Since it had its back to me my kicks landed mainly on its lower back and shoulders as I avoided areas which might seriously damage it.&nbsp; After about 5 kicks, with it withering and crying out it spoke again, begging me to stop.&nbsp; 



"On you're side bitch," I said kicking it again then stopping for few moments.&nbsp; It paused briefly then, as the rain of blows stopped cautiously moved onto its side.&nbsp; Hooded as it was it had not noticed me change position so this time I was in front of it.&nbsp; I did not pull that blow, the boot sinking deep into its gut and making it jack-knife and cry out in agony, then cough and splutter as it sought to avoid throwing up.&nbsp; 



I left it a couple of minutes until it settled then approached again, saying "Are you ready to behave now slut?"&nbsp; It nodded weakly and I said "Present".&nbsp; It painfully rose to its hands and knees then turned, facing away from me and spreading its thighs to display its cunt.&nbsp; Its body was shaking, both with pain and fear of the coming blow it expected.



"What the fuck as you doing cunt?"&nbsp; I asked angrily.&nbsp; It quivered again and turned its hooded head back towards me.&nbsp; A nervous voice queried, "Master...&nbsp; You said.."



I interrupted.&nbsp; "I know what I said bitch.&nbsp; You refused to complete the cycle so we're got to start again.&nbsp; Now present you're left tit bitch!"&nbsp; It gasped at the thought of repeating the entire process and shook its head in denial but after a couple of seconds started to turn its left side towards me.



After this the bitch gave no further problems, although I gave it a little extra time to recover from each blow because of its already weakened state.&nbsp; Finally it kissed my feet and I stepped back and motioned to Debbie, "Take this bitch back to its cage."&nbsp; As it was leashed and painfully crawled away I gave a cheerily "same time tomorrow slut" and laughed softly when I saw it shake in fear and apprehension.



It was late so I decided to leave October until tomorrow.&nbsp; I was already thinking that another circle would be boring but had another idea developing.













Chap 14:- Cleaning out



Some cleaning occurs and we revisit the 13th new slave .



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;-------------------------------------------------------------------------------





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;During the next few days things settled into a bit of a routine.&nbsp; The bitches were getting used to a steady cycle of use and abuse, physical sexual and psychological.&nbsp; They were still unhappy with what was happening to them but getting resigned to it with hardly a complaint.&nbsp; This even applied to July, September, October and December, who all were suffering heavy physical punishment for their behaviour.&nbsp; September and December were having trouble walking and all four were losing weight under the treatment.&nbsp; July and October were getting primarily breast punishment, and their orbs looked beautiful, multiple layers of bruises, black overlaying the yellow of the fading earlier ones.&nbsp; Despite their growing familiarity with pain they winced when cropped and even more when stretched across the table.&nbsp; Of the A shift only April, still being broken from its masochistic streak, was suffering comparatively.&nbsp; This had meant the A shift was already up to a 45 minute cycle on the cunt exercises.&nbsp; Despite the extra time they were still taking less blows than the batter pussies of the B shift.



In other ways behaviour had improved.&nbsp; Despite a range of additives there was no longer any complaints about their foodstuff, which was all eaten quietly and obediently.&nbsp; Orders were obeyed promptly and without objection.&nbsp; They were compliant when I groped them and even the occasional blows, less now they were properly submissive, were taken with nothing more than a gasp or moan.&nbsp; The sluts were even trying to make sex better for me, no doubt to minimise their treatment but the habits were being established.&nbsp; The night before I had given them a small reward by permitting them to be uncuffed for the night and none had abused the privilege.&nbsp; When I had finally permitted August to deep throat me it had raised no objection and given a good blow job, despite the obvious continued pain from its sore gums.&nbsp; 



However the stench was now strong as their bodies were filthy with accumulative grime, piss, cum etc.&nbsp; Therefore I had directed the tutors to prepare a first wash cycle.



I was rotating the order in which sluts were being called for processing depending on what they had done from the previous day and, more importantly, my mood.&nbsp; Today it was the B shift 1st and I decided to start with October.



It crawled along the normal route but found itself going past the entrance to the processing room and into a smaller room a little further along.&nbsp; Here it was ordered to stand then tightly bound in a vertical spread-eagle, hands high above its head and ankles widely separated .&nbsp; It could probably tell from the sounds that Carol had been joined by another tutor and hear them preparing equipment.



The two hoses hit it hard, the icy water shocking it as the slaves played them across its front torso, face and legs, then Jane moved to spread across its rear while Carol continued to play across its front, concentrating on its cunt, thighs and tits.&nbsp; After a few minutes it was soaked and shivering with the cold and a couple of minutes later they turned off the hoses briefly.&nbsp; It shook from the cold and shock while they prepared the next stage.&nbsp; 



This time the water was warm and steadily grew hotter.&nbsp; It was bathed for several minutes until its flesh was red from the heat and only the occasional spray into its cocksucker kept it quiet.&nbsp; Finally it was left hanging exhausted and scorched.



The bitches returned with flannels and soap to attack October's flesh rubbing it down and paying especial attention to breasts, arse and cunt.&nbsp; The strong soap stung at its flesh, especially when applied to its cunt but cleaned up most of the dirty.&nbsp; A cheap shampoo was applied to the tangled mesh that was the hair protruding from its hood and probably some seeping down to its eyes.



Finally the slut was largely cleaned and was given a final 5 minute hosing down with cold water.&nbsp; This not only washed away the soap and chilled it to the bone but served one very good hygienic purpose.&nbsp; An old trick learnt from Roman times, that warm water opened the pores, easing the cleaning then a cold sock to close them up again.



When October was released from its shackles it collapsed to the floor and it took several minutes before the bitch could crawl to its appointment. I had been watching on the monitors and was ready when it crawled into the room, much cleaner and less smelly than before.



It was soft to the touch and I enjoyed playing with its boobs while it was tied up.&nbsp; Given the quantity of bruises they carried even the light touch I used made it squirm with the pain but far less than later when I cropped them and then ordered it down on its belly so its arse could be lashed.&nbsp; It moaned considerably during this and the later fuck by was growing used to the ordeal.



Finally came the stage it was really terrified of.&nbsp; After it had cleaned my cock and swallowed the condom Carol unbound its feet and turned it around so its battered boobs faced away from the table, then tied it firmly again.



I stepped close enough for it to feel my breath then asked "Well?"



It shuddered again and the head dropped.&nbsp; After a couple of seconds it spoke, the words almost inaudible.&nbsp; "Please master, punch my breasts."



I responded rapidly, meeting its request with two hard punches, first to the left and then the right boob.&nbsp; Each time it screamed at the blow and sobbed, hanging forward a little despite Carol kneeling on the table behind it and gripping its shoulders firmly.



After a minute or so its breathing steadied and its head rose again.&nbsp; It opened its cocksucker, gulped and faltered once then pleaded "Please master, hit my breasts again."&nbsp; It then gave a loud sob, followed by a scream as my fist compressed its left breast again.



Before I could strike the 2nd blow it sobbed out, "please, no more."&nbsp; My fist frozen in mid-air and I gave it a couple of seconds then said. "Do you mean that slut?" A note of menace in my voice.



It exhaled in fear and after a couple of seconds said "I'm sorry master.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; Forgive me and... and hit me again."



I obliged, the fact the blow struck its right breast giving it some consolation if it could tell that amidst all the pain.&nbsp; That meant I had allowed it that small hesitation, rather than insisting on starting the sequence again.



After a couple of minutes its legs steadied and although its breath was still laboured with pain its head rose.&nbsp; I waited and after a few more seconds it said "Please master, hit my breasts again."



"Sure bitch?" I asked.&nbsp; The implicit warning was that I would not be so generous again and if it interrupted the sequence then I would insist the 1st strike was invalid.&nbsp; It paused for a few seconds then nodded glumly.&nbsp; I however made it repeat the verbal request to confirm the situation.&nbsp; This time I hit the right breast 1st, both for variety and the small element of surprise this generated.&nbsp; It howled again then its head dropped and it sobbed more loudly.&nbsp; I waited but it made no complaint and after a few seconds straightened slightly and offered its left breast.&nbsp; I positioned myself and it cried out again as my knuckles sank into its soft flesh.



Its body sagged in Carol's grip again and this time it sobbed for about 3 minutes.&nbsp; I finally raised a hand and touched its left shoulder.&nbsp; It flinched and sheer terror stopped its crying for a few seconds.&nbsp; Then it shook its head wearily and said weakly "I'm sorry master, I can't take any more."



"You can if I choose."&nbsp; I said and it sobbed but after a couple of seconds straightened its body, preparing for the next blow.



"However, as I said, you would have to beg for the blows to count."&nbsp; It took a second or two for the words to sink in and then it sagged slightly, exhaling in relief.



"What do you say bitch?"



It gave a brief groan then said "Thank you master.&nbsp; I ... I look forward to paying off ore of my debt tomorrow."



When I had seen it the day after its attempt to subvert my slaves I had offered as punishment 50 punches to each breast, spread over a month.&nbsp; I had made clear a few restrictions however.&nbsp; For each day that the debt was outstanding one more punch of interest would be added, which would mean it would have to take at least one a day to break even.&nbsp; For any day it took none the total would increase by 3.&nbsp; Any outstanding deficit would be paid off in one lump sum when the time period was used up.&nbsp; This gave the bitch an incentive to pay off the debt before then, preferably as early as possible to minimise the total pain.&nbsp; At the same time that would mean accepting more in the short term and especially as it didn't know what July was going through, or the other sluts, it would probably seem an unendurable ordeal.&nbsp; 



To add mental burdens to the physical ones I not only gave it the opportunity to say how many blows it would take each day I insisted it beg for each.&nbsp; Also that any objection prior to both blows being inflicted would render both null and void.&nbsp; That prompted its desperation to apologise for its hasty words



It had made the mistake on that first day of begging for mercy so I had told it I would increase the payment period to two months but the debt would also increase to 80 punches.&nbsp; After that it had remembered the old adage about being in a hole and stopped digging.&nbsp; Realising it had no way out but to accept any punishment I chose to give it.&nbsp; That 1st day it had only been able to take one punch before quitting but, despite the deteriorating conditions of its boobs it was now running at slightly over 2.5 punches a day.&nbsp; At that rate, despite the point per day penalty it would pay off the debt slightly early, if its breasts could continue to take the punishment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;.Previous days it would have been released by now and allowed to crawl back to its cage.&nbsp; I noticed it get more and more nervous as seconds turned into a couple of minutes.&nbsp; Finally I laughed&nbsp; briefly and said "You're right slut.&nbsp; There is something else for you today."



It tensed in anticipation then gasped in amazement and surprise at what happened next as Carol knelt between its thighs and started playing its tongue over the sluts cunt.&nbsp; Initial amazement turned to delight and relaxation as the pleasant feelings sweep over it.&nbsp; I knew after so long with just pain and humiliation it would be very vulnerable to such treatment and within a couple of minutes it was starting to gasp and shake with pleasure.



Carol stopped before it came and pulled back to display its handiwork, even as October scowled and twitched in frustration.&nbsp; Its shaven cunt was damp with moisture and most noticeably its clit was protruding and damp with excitement.&nbsp; Carol gave a look of relief as it had not welcomed the job but quietly picked up the small tube placed on the floor.&nbsp; The end fitted over October's clit and it gave a tremor of surprise as the suction pump was turned on and its clit was subjected to a steady pull that gradually drew it further out of its cover.&nbsp; It may not have found the sensation too unpleasant, at least compared to much it had undergone since becoming my property, but was confused and concerned.&nbsp; It made a brief attempt to speak but a light slap to a breast made it jerk with pain and reminded it to remain silent.



After a couple on minutes Carol pulled back slightly to give me a clear view of October's extended slit and I nodded my satisfaction.&nbsp; The pump was cut off and it relaxed slight, only to moan in pain as the pump head, still attached by a vacuum, as released, its weight pulling down on the clit.&nbsp; It swung for a couple of minutes before settling and October was now clearly uncomfortable, any pleasure banished by the pain.



Carol now increased this by looping a cord of cotton around the base of the clit and pulling it tight, then tying a knot in it.&nbsp; October squealed with the pain and buckled but bound as it was could do nothing and by setting the pump swinging again only increased its pain.



After a couple of minutes I approached and looked more closely.&nbsp; Its clit had swollen further with the blood supply, leaving the cord biting deep into it.&nbsp; I nodded and Carol released the suction on the pump and allowed it to slide off.&nbsp; October gave a sign of relief at the loss of the weight.



I bent over the slut and said warningly in its ear.&nbsp; "This is going to hurt but you will be still understand!"&nbsp; It nodded nervously.&nbsp; I continued, "and whatever you do you will not piss.&nbsp; Is that clear!"&nbsp; I emphasised this by grabbing its jaw firmly.&nbsp; It flinched and managed a brief nod.



I picked up the needle and holding the clit between fingers of my left hand slowly started pushing the needle through it.&nbsp; This prompted a cry of pain from October, then a brief spray of blood as the metal penetrated.&nbsp; I slowly forced it through until the end and then a full inch protruded through the far side.&nbsp; It gave a yell as I pulled the needle out again, prompting another spurt of blood.



I picked up another piece of metal, this time T shaped, pushing the shorter end through the wound.&nbsp; It squirmed again and I freed my left hand for a second to slap its thigh and order "Still!"&nbsp; It shivered but obeyed as Carol handed me the second piece of metal, a simple short bar.&nbsp; The end of the T joint fitted onto a hold in the centre of this, turning the two into a H shape, the centre piece piercing the sluts clit.&nbsp; A tiny Allen key locked it in place and I held out my hand.&nbsp; Carol placed a sharp scalpel in my hand and I carefully cut the cotton, only slightly nicking its flesh in the process.&nbsp; It cried out again but quietly now and began to sob again.&nbsp; I returned the scalpel to Carol, briefly flicked the clit piercing briefly with a finger, bring a small cry from October then rose.



The attachment achieved two purposes.&nbsp; Its H shape exposed the head of its clit and prevented it withdrawing behind the protective hood.&nbsp; The sensitive flesh would be freely available to either the lightest touch or any punishment I chose to deliver.&nbsp; I knew it would notice the difference the next time its cunt was strapped after its cunt exercises this afternoon.&nbsp; Also the added weight, most noticeably the short central bar with a lead filling, would constantly pull down and lengthen the clit.



There would be another use although it wouldn't find out about this for a few days.&nbsp; Once the wound had healed up enough the slut's knees would gain a little rest as it would no longer be crawling as much for a while.&nbsp; However it would find out how useful the clit piercing was as a hitching point for a leash and how easy it would be to control it by a couple of tugs.



I slapped its left breast, relatively gently but in its battered state hard enough to make it gasp and its back arc in pain.&nbsp; "Be silent slut!"&nbsp; It gasped, shuddered then keep silent and after a few seconds I motioned to Carol who started untying it.&nbsp; Once it was unbound it sank onto its knees and after a couple of seconds lowered its torso until its hands were also on the floor.&nbsp; Carol then picked up its leash and with a brief tug started to led it away.&nbsp; The slut's head slumped again and it followed pitifully, its head and shoulders slumped.



The rest of the day went fairly smoothly.&nbsp; The drenching each slut received seemed to tame them further.&nbsp; Possibly partly they were relieved to be cleaner, at least for the moment, partly the extra strain of leaving them chilled and soaked draining them further.&nbsp; Each were pierced without noticeable problems although both September and December might have fears about how much it would increase their pain when their cunts were kicked later in the evening.&nbsp; April and September were both given a chance to supply a ride but I still lacked a successful trip across the room, although April got to within 3 feet before it collapsed.&nbsp; September got less than 5 before it fell and I made it drag me another 5 before I took pity on it and allowed it to crawl the rest of the way.&nbsp; I think it was definitely beginning to regret its hostile words.





+++++++++++++++++++



There was however one break in mid-day when I went with Sandra to check on Shit's progress.&nbsp; Before it opened the door I placed a mask over my face, to provide some protection against the smell but even so was stunned by the odour that struck me when the door opened.&nbsp; Even Sandra staggered, a sign of how bad it was.



The bitch was still imprisoned in its tube but much less of it could be seen under the gathering filth that cloaked so much of it.&nbsp; Like the other new slaves it had been offered food since the completion of the 1st cycle of processing, although in its case things were slightly different.&nbsp; It only received one meal a day, although the quantity was doubled as the tin of dogfood was well mixed with an equal quantity of shit.&nbsp; The 1st day it had been offered the bitch had rejected it after an initial taste. Following orders the tutor serving it then had made no attempt to force it to eat, simply giving it 10 minutes voltage to its cunt, then depositing the foot on its head, prior to closing the feeding trail and leaving the slut.&nbsp; The following day, although it had drunk its piss flavoured fluid it had again refused the food.&nbsp; The same policy had been followed and its head was virtually buried in a mixture of dog food and shit.&nbsp; On the 3rd day either hunger or despair had weakened it and it had tried to eat but vomited up most of the material.&nbsp; This had earned it another shock spell but only of 5 minutes and at a lower setting.&nbsp; Since then it had eaten and, after a couple more painful lessons stopped trying to question its feeder.



This was only the 2nd time I had visited it since it was installed and while Sandra fuelled it I examined it&nbsp; ore closely.&nbsp; After so long in such cramped conditions its lower limbs were starting to wither and I knew it would no longer be able to stand.&nbsp; Without the serum it would almost certainly be dying and it would take time, once the slave was released, before it would regrow enough muscle and sinew to be capable of walking again.&nbsp; The state of its cunt, after so long with the probe deep inside it would also be poor, heavily lacerated and bruised.&nbsp; I had stopped having wildlife added after the 1st couple of days as those already on it, some breeding happily, were doing effect damage for my aim.&nbsp; Overall it was largely covered in shit, and kneeling in a thin layer, with a couple of inches of its piss above this, further increasing its discomfort.&nbsp; However I had plans to make things even worse for it later.



After drinking it was fed, slowly eating the disgusting mixture with grimaces of distaste and a general demeanour of despair.&nbsp; Its teeth were filthy and a think coat of slim was visible on its tongue when that appeared and I knew that allowing it to feed only after eating meant it was unable to wash the taste away so it would linger throughout most of the day.&nbsp; 



Once the feeding was finished Sandra closed the hatch, but then also slide the cover over, closing the breathing vent.&nbsp; It then bent and uncoupled the cable that fed power to the cunt probe, meaning the bitch could no longer be electrocuted.&nbsp; It then clasped its arms around the tube and started tilting it.&nbsp; Shit noticed the movement and started to struggle as much as it could in its tightly restrained position, unaware of what was going on.&nbsp; This made Sandra's task more difficult, although Shit's ability to do more than rock slightly was limited.&nbsp; However it was not too surprising that the tube dropped the last few degrees with a clatter and although the bitch jerked and obviously cried out in pain nothing could be heard through the canister.&nbsp; As well as the blow to its shoulder as it fell I knew it would be hurt far worse by the movement of the prong deep up its cunt, as its tilting weight drove that against its flesh and the fall rocked it further.&nbsp; 



Sandra stepped back to one side and I approached the tube.&nbsp; Shit was lying on one side, lifting its head upwards to keep it as clear as possible of the piss and slime that was flowing along the tube from where it had gathered on what had been the bottom.&nbsp; This was enough to dip the bulk of the right breast in piss, which probably helped clear it a little.



I waited a minute or so, to allow it to realise its helplessness, unable to move much without increasing the pain it was suffering and with its head starting to dip as the strain on its neck built up.&nbsp; Then I placed the sole of one foot on the tube and pushed.&nbsp; I saw its cocksucker open in surprise as the tube rolled away from me, throwing it onto its back with a splash and no doubt wrenching its cunt again.&nbsp; It's right flank started to rise as it rolled further and desperately struggling as it realised it was shortly going to be on its front.&nbsp; Those struggles failed as it continued to tilted further and its upper body flopped again, this time face down.&nbsp; I was following up and noticed its face start to rise again, spitting out some of the material that had obviously entered its cocksucker and its hair, further coated with filth cloaking its face.



The tube came to a rest with the bitch roughly on its back, tilted slightly to its left hand side.&nbsp; Its weight might have rolled it until it was on its back, however my foot on the tube kept it in position.&nbsp; Here I knew it would be more uncomfortable, its back twisted under its own weight and also the probe helping crush the bitched cunt by the weight of its own body dragging it down.



I left it there a minute or so then motioned Sandra to place its own, bare, foot on the other side of the tube, then backed off a couple of paces.&nbsp; On my nod Sandra gave a shove itself the and tube followed back towards me.&nbsp; This gave me a great view of the slut as it tilted back towards me, cocksucker opening in despair, then closing in panic as it realised its head was dropping back into the mess flowing along the moving bottom of its cage.&nbsp; 



Sandra had less power than me and the roll came to a end with the bitch on its left side, facing away from me. This dragged its body down but the position was unstable and I saw it jerk its body to try and make sure it fell face up.&nbsp; My boot stopped any movement while I watched it desperately thrashing, then grow exhausted and stop.&nbsp; I smiled, gave it a few more seconds then gave a small shove and watched the tube roll slowly away.&nbsp; I could not see its face but could imagine its cocksucker open in despair then rapidly close as it fell forward.



I left it face down in the shit desperately trying to lift its head high enough it could breath.&nbsp; This was manageable but it only took a couple of minutes for its head to jerk with the strain, then repeatedly drop into the much and rise again.&nbsp; As it started to tire I applied my boot again, rolling the bitch through roughly 540 degrees rocking it, yanking again at its cunt and well mixing the disgusting mess in the tube but leaving it gasping with relief on its back.



We played with it for about ten more minute, rolling it face down a couple more times, although for shorter periods as it tired.&nbsp; More often rolling it backwards and forwards across the room.&nbsp; By the end it was probably quite dizzy and a couple of times it vomited, either because it has swallowed more material or simply was so sickened by the continual rotation.



Finally, after about twenty minutes we rolled it back to the start point and Sandra crouched and laboriously tilted the tube back to an upright position.&nbsp; A little careful shuffling positioned it so Sandra could reconnect the cable and gave it 5 minutes current on a medium setting, both to increase its suffering and make clear that the current was restored.



The vent was reopened, as the air would have started to become stale and we heard it wailing.&nbsp; Sandra snapped "Silent slut" and gave it 10 seconds at a high current as a warning and the exhausted slave fell quiet.



The sight was impressive, although the smell with the vent reopened was appalling.&nbsp; Now the bitch lounged on its knees virtually totally coated with shit.&nbsp; In places it was thinned by the piss so the colour of its skin was visible below the coating but more commonly was a thick and sticky brown.&nbsp; Its hair, hanging lankly to breast height, was coated thickly and helped keep its head masked.&nbsp; Also it was visibly exhausted and looked totally shattered.



I smiled as I left, glad to escape the stench of the room, as was Sandra.&nbsp; Later I directed the tutors that two of them would supervise each feeding, which brought a grimace from at least two of them.&nbsp; This would be followed by a rolling session.&nbsp; Also occasionally the fluid would be drained from the tank so it didn't get too deep.&nbsp; This could be done via a capped hole in the base of the tube when it was on its side.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had a quick shower before my own lunch to remove the smell and then prepared to face the A shift for the afternoon session, checking up briefly on their performance in the morning exercises.&nbsp; I still had one other little surprise for the sluts planned for the evening.



++++++++++++++



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After the afternoon session and a muted meal, eat in silence despite my continual groping, especially of their new clothing, although the clit bars were only briefly twitched for the moment.&nbsp; The sluts were returned to their cells for their evening toiletry then stored in their cages.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;About 30 minutes later the tutors visited their cells and selected one from each pair.&nbsp; It was extracted from the cage and ordered to hands and knees and then directed towards the toilet bucket.&nbsp; By this time most of those were filled to nearly the brim with the accumulated piss and shit.&nbsp; The bitches sought to sheer away from this, probably both because of the smell and because they feared that they might end up with their heads plunged into the bucket.&nbsp; It took a good crack or two across the arse for a couple of them, aided by me nipping from room to room adding my verbal orders, for then to finally position themselves heads over the buckets.&nbsp; Only December needed my personal intervention, with a brief snarl of anger and a light kick to its arse, to assume the position.&nbsp; It may have been encouraged by the knowledge it still had to do its punishment cycle and hence was doubly concerned not to anger me.&nbsp; Fears were probably intensified by their positioning, heads directly above the buckets and then receiving the orders by their tutors "open cocksuckers."







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The buckets were simple metal ones, their base sinking a couple of inches into depressions in the floor to make them easier to knock over.&nbsp; Their handles were also plain metal, although the central portion was clocked in a wooden cladding.&nbsp; Bitch heads were now twisted to a vertical position, then the handle lifted and rotated until it was placed between its teeth.&nbsp; Quite and firm instructions were issued by the tutors. 



 "In a couple of seconds you will be ordered to lift.&nbsp; You will rise to a standing position.&nbsp; You may use you're hands to help yourself but may not touch the bucket with them.&nbsp; When upright you will fold you're wrists behind you so they can be cuffed."



"You will hold the bucket firmly.&nbsp; Do not drop it as it will be a mess you are responsible for.&nbsp; You know what that means so if you have a taste for shit feel free.&nbsp; Understand!"



The bitches nodded as firmly as they could with their cocksuckers full and the tutors stepped back and ordered "Stand!"



It took a couple of minutes to get all the bitches standing and their wrists cuffed.&nbsp; You could see their necks already straining as their jaws clamped tightly to hold the buckets resting partly on their tits.&nbsp; I could see their nostrils flaring as they were forced to breath in deeply to fuel the activity, giving them a strong short of the shit in the buckets they were carrying.



The sluts were then ordered to move and led out of their cells and right along the passage to a section they had not been in before.&nbsp; The room opened up directly onto the cesspit and the 6 bitches, February, April, May, July, October and December were lined up about 3' from the edge of the pit, although not in that order.&nbsp; I dismissed 3 tutors, leaving only Kathy, Jane and Carol with me as the others were unnecessary.



After they were assembled into a rough line I briefly examined them for a minute or so.&nbsp; Several were struggling already to hold their grips on the heavy buckets and for April, July and October with their battered boobs there was the extra discomfort of them being crushed against their chests by the buckets.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I spoke, "In a moment July will take a step forward and when instructed slave Jane will take its bucket and empty it.&nbsp; July will do nothing except stand quietly until the bucket is returned at which point it will hold it again.&nbsp; Do NOT think you can drop the bucket because its empty bitch.&nbsp; If you do we will find out how clean you can lick its inside.&nbsp; That applies to all you sluts.&nbsp; Do I make myself clear!"&nbsp; A couple tried nodding their understanding but most struggled just to hold their burden.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Step forward July".&nbsp; It took a nervous step forward and Jane reached up and grasped the ends of the bucket handle protruding from both side of its cocksucker.&nbsp; It took the weight and July took a deep breath of relief at the removal of the weight, despite the fact it inhaled from the air above the bucket.&nbsp; I had stepped behind July and the room echoed to the two ringing slaps I gave to July's rear cheeks, one from the palm of each hand.&nbsp; It jerked slightly and gave a small cry but steadied itself and shut its cocksucker to avoid crying out.&nbsp; My hands closed to start a series of brutal pinches on its cheeks and continued doing this for the next couple of minutes.&nbsp; It grunted and suppressed cries a couple of times and fidgeted under the attack by wisely made no attempt to complain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While I did this Jane knelt down and tipped the contents of the bucket into the pit.&nbsp; It then rearranged its grip so that it held the bucket by the rim around its base and lowered it.&nbsp; The wooden handle and parts of the metal sides were dipped in the pool and Jane swilled the bucket about until the region was well soaked.&nbsp; It then rose and carefully adjusted its grip until it held the ends of the handle and approached July.



"Open!" I ordered even as I continued to pinch July.&nbsp; It's cocksucker open, although a couple of especially fierce pinches brought a short whimper from it and its jerked its head slightly.



"Hold still cunt!"&nbsp; It steadied and despite some more pinches kept stationary and after about 5 seconds I nodded to Jane.&nbsp; It brought the bucket forward and pushed the handle between July's jaws.&nbsp; The latter instinctively closed on the weight, then it gagged and started to open then again.&nbsp; I stopped pinching with my right hand and slapped its cheek hard and said "Grip!"&nbsp; It's jaws tightened, although I could see around the corner of its face that its lips were wrinkling in disgust at the taste it was subjected to. 



I continued pinching its arse for another minute or two then&nbsp; let my hands drop, stepped back and ordered it to step back as well.&nbsp; Circling around I was able to see it from the front properly.&nbsp; Although the weight was much less the taste of the handle obviously revolted it.&nbsp; However it dare not drop the bucket because it was confident I would make good on my threat,



"Now we will take 5 minutes break and then do the rest of you sluts."&nbsp; There was a suppressed groan from the other sluts, muted as much by the difficulty of continuing to hold the buckets as by fear of my anger.



The 5 minutes took a long time to pace for the straining sluts but finally they passed and I looked briefly down the line.&nbsp; "February, step forward."&nbsp; It nervously stepped forward and as I moved behind it I motioned Kathy forward again to take the bucket.&nbsp; I reminded the bitch of what it would have to do then, once Kathy had take the weight of the bucket I slapped February's attractive arse and then began to pinch it.&nbsp; It let out one yelp but then managed to keep mute while Kathy emptied the bucket then, following Jane's led soaked the handle.&nbsp; I took less time with February, motioning Kathy to return the bucket virtually as soon as it had soaked the handle satisfactorily.&nbsp; Similarly I only continued to pinch it for about 30 seconds before letting go and ordering it to drop back.



We worked through the other bitches, May,&nbsp; April, October and December, each tutor emptying and soaking a couple of buckets and returning them to their holders.&nbsp; Finally I had a line of naked sluts, relieved at the reduced weight but scouring in revulsion at the foul taste in their cocksuckers.&nbsp; I now gave them some details, both for the information and to keep them waiting a little longer.



"Every few days we will have a trip to empty you're shit buckets.&nbsp; Each time one of you will follow the simple procedure that has just been displayed.&nbsp; The bitch selected from each cell will be that which has been worse behaved in the days since the last shit run.&nbsp; Therefore, if you don't like what you're just done start behaving better sluts.&nbsp; Now back to you're cells bitches. "



I had summoned the other tutors and the six each selected their charge and led them back to their cells.&nbsp; The buckets were returned, again without hands touching them but a grip on their hair allowed the tutors to direct them into place.&nbsp; Then the bitches were led back into their cages.&nbsp; As time was getting short Carol moved directly to remove September for its nightly circle.





















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave_166


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





