BDSM Library - The Hi-School Girl




The Hi-School Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Miyuki is the monitress of her class in high school. Sweet and nice as a sixteen year old can be, why is she being targeted by an unknown enemy for her step-by-step sexual violation? The Hi-School Girl 
------------------ 

Part 1 

The black van was parked at the side of the small road a good distance from Kawasaki
High School. It had tinted windows, and it was difficult to look into the van
from outside - not that anyone would want to do that, for the van appeared to
be a normal delivery van. A man sat in the van, a camera with a powerful zoom
lens on his lap. Very soon, he spotted his quarry - a pretty girl was walking
down the road, dressed smartly in her school uniform - a grey skirt, and a cream-colored
sweater which only revealed the top of her crimson school tie. He began taking
pictures of this sixteen year old girl, who, being unaware that she was being
photographed from far, was strolling along with her sling bag around her shoulder,
walking home after school. 

-- 

"Reiko-san!" 

Miyuki sat up straight, awoken from her day-dreaming by the teacher. "Please
pay attention in class, Reiko-san. As the monitress, you should set a good example
for the class." Miyuki was embarrassed. She managed a quick apology amidst some
giggles around her, bowing her head. "Sorry, sir, it will not happen again." 

Miyuki half-blushed, as she remembered what she was day-dreaming about.. Mr Tanaka,
the handsome physical exercise teacher. She tucked the fringe of her chin-length
hair behind her ear, and attempted to get her mind back to mathematics. 

-- 

That afternoon, Miyuki was practising her service skills with volleyball. It
was volleyball month for physical exercise lessons, and she enjoyed her physical
exercise lessons very much. Even more so because Mr Tanaka was teaching volleyball.
As she was attempting to serve ball after ball across the net, her heart beat
faster when she noticed from the corner of her eye that Mr Tanaka was walking
towards her. She pretended not to see him until he was almost standing next to
her, whereupon she turned to look at him in mock surprise, and quickly flashed
him a charming smile. "Oh its you, Tanaka-san sensei". 

"Good work, Reiko-san," Mr Tanaka smiled back, pausing a while to look into Miyuki's
soft brown eyes, "but you might want to do it this way." Mr Tanaka stepped behind
Miyuki, almost putting his arms around the slim girl as he reached for the ball
in her left hand, and grabbed her right wrist at the same time. Miyuki was dressed
in a t-shirt and a really short white skirt - standard for volleyball. Mr Tanaka
could smell her body fragrance at this close distance. As he showed the attractive
teenager how to properly serve the ball, he was painfully aware of the end of
her skirt swishing softly across his thighs, and his chest bumping into her back
every now and then. "Good," Mr Tanaka cleared his throat, "just continue practising," he
said to Miyuki, who flashed him another smile. He took one more look at the alluring
figure of the sixteen year old, and especially the long slender legs, before
he walked away. "Its time to put the plan to action," he thought to himself. 

Mr Tanaka told his class to keep practising and quickly made his way to the classroom.
The door was locked as always, for the safety of the student's belongings as
they went for physical exercise. Mr Tanaka grinned as he took out the key, unlocked
the door, and crept into the empty classroom. He quickly spotted Miyuki's table. "Ahh..
my dear Miyuki." He picked up the neat stack of clothes which belonged to Miyuki,
and took a sniff. "Yes.." Mr Tanaka quickly put it aside, for he was looking
for something more specific. He rummaged in her bag, and found a pair of white
cotton panties and a bra hidden under a towel at the bottom of the bag. "Ahh..
just what I thought," as he glanced at the number on the brassiere strap. 

He then picked up the panties, took another whiff, trying to catch the scent
of the young lady. Mr Tanaka took a a tiny tube from his pocket, and emptied
some light powder onto the fabric of the underwear, just where Miyuki's crotch
might be moments later. With that, he replaced everything, and crept out of the
classroom. 

-- 

Miyuki had showered and changed back into her normal school attire, but did not
notice anything amiss. She was surprised when Mr Tanaka requested her to stay
after school as he needed to talk to her. She wondered what it was about, and
was secretly pleased. 

After school, she went to see him in his office. As usual, everyone, including
all the teachers, had taken off soon after the last bell rang, and hence there
was hardly anyone left in school. 

Mr Tanaka explained to her that he needed a big favor from her. He revealed to
Miyuki that besides being a PE teacher, he is doing some freelance photography
on the side, and that he needed a 'model' really badly this week. He had promised
to deliver some samples of his work to a potential client who was interested
in 'fashionwear for high school students'. 

Miyuki hesitated at first, but was quickly convinced by Mr Tanaka that it was
just a few pictures, and that she did not have to do much besides wearing her
school uniform, putting on her school blazer, and doing a few poses. 

Soon, he was snapping pictures of Miyuki standing in the classroom with his camera.
Miyuki was uneasy at first, but gradually warmed up to his coaxing. 

"Good, Miyuki, I need you to sit down on this chair and cross your legs," 

Miyuki obliged, realising that Mr Tanaka had called her by her first name, instead
of the more formal 'Reiko-san'. 

As Mr Tanaka continued adjusting his camera, Miyuki was suddenly aware that she
was feeling an itch beginning in between her legs. More specifically, at her
crotch. She tried to shift in her seat, and hid her discomfort by squeezing her
legs together. She watched Mr Tanaka to see if he had caught anything unusual
about her behavior, but he seemed occupied in putting the right lens on his camera. 

"Mr Tanaka, I need to go soon," Miyuki ventured, as she felt her crotch grow
quite warm. She resisted the temptation to scratch it, for it would be extremely
rude and unlady-like to do something like that. 

"Oh, just one more shot, Miyuki..please?", Mr Tanaka pleaded. 

"Alright, but I have to go home soon for dinner," Miyuki said as she rubbed her
inner thighs together to try to scratch that strange itch. But it seemed to get
worse when she closed her legs tight. She felt extremely embarassed, but tried
hard not to give the game away that her pubic area was feeling terribly hot and
itchy. It actually felt better when she opened her legs slightly. 

"Umm.. could you squat down for this last shot?" Mr Tanaka asked. 

"Excuse me?" Miyuki thought she heard him wrong. 

"I'm really sorry to ask this of you, but the sun is setting, and I can't get
enough light in this corner of the classroom. I'm just going to take your upper
body, I promise." 

"Umm...well.. just my upper body right?" 

"Yes, of course," Mr Tanaka smiled inwardly while appearing the most professional
photographer outwardly, as he had taken a gamble that she would not ask to kneel
down on the floor instead. 

In fact, Miyuki realised that her itch was not as bad, if she opened her legs
slightly. It was almost like her private part needed some cool autumn air! She
had hence not suggested kneeling down, for strict Japanese custom would require
to kneel down properly with her legs tucked behind her bum, and her knees and
thighs closed. 

So she squatted down, keeping care to turn her knees to the side to protect her
modesty. Mr Tanaka was thrilled - he got the girl just where he wanted. His heart
skipped a beat when he caught a brief glimpse of her white panties, but she had
shifted herself in a second to make sure she was not flashing her favorite teacher
her crotch. "This is going to be a great shot" Mr Tanaka thought to himself as
he focused his lens, catching the whole of the sixteen year old in his view,
and not just her upper body as he promised. 

It was exactly like one of those girlie 'idol' magazines, Tanaka mused, with
pictures of models (or 'idols' as they were known) dressed in school uniforms,
usually in a compromising or suggestive pose like this one. 

"Miyuki! Thank you very very much! I'm done," Mr Tanaka reluctantly ended his
photo session with the unsuspecting girl. Grateful to be let off, Miyuki ran
promptly to the ladies after bidding her teacher goodbye. 

Mr Tanaka sniggered, as he imagined the girl in the restroom, peeling her panties
off to see what was wrong. She would probably not finding anything except maybe
a rash on her pubic mound, but most definitely she would be rubbing her private
part to relieve the itch over the next hour. 

------- 
Part 2 
 Miyuki was in bed thinking about the day's happenings. Her fingers wandered
  to her pubic area. She was extremely confused. Luckily for her, there weren't
  that many people on the way home - so she had scratched herself there discreetly
  several times. She had felt her panties extremely uncomfortable, but enjoyed
  the cool evening breeze. When she got home, she had taken off her panties in
  the bathroom, and looked at the curly mound of black hair on her pubic area.
  She used her fingers to 'comb' through the hair to see if she had somehow gotten
  an insect bite, crazy as that may sound. Instead, she had found nothing, and
  her itch had subsided. She inspected her white cotton panties as well, and
  did not find anything but a spot of dampness at the crotch area. Was it perspiration,
  or was it.. ? Is this masturbation? She thought herself crazy, as she remembered
  those hilarious discussions she had with her friend Noriko before. 
 After all, it all began with Mr Tanaka's photo session. Was she horny? Miyuki
  thought it was all very funny. She was glad she was in the privacy of her bathroom
  in her own home. She would have died if someone else had found out that her
  'pussy' was itchy. That was the term her friend Noriko used. It was an American
  term for her vagina, she learnt. 
 But she was quite sure this was not masturbation. After all, she had done
  so once, at least, according to her friend Noriko. It was when she was twelve,
  and she spent a whole lot of time taking her bath. She discovered that it felt
  really nice when she had used the shower head to spray water on her 'pussy'.
  It tickled tremendously, but when the water gushed onto the sensitive little
  nub on her pussy, it made her lower abdomen tense up involuntarily. She made
  herself relax, particularly by opening her legs, but as the water spray splashed
  onto her pussy, each spray of water made her tense up for a split second. She
  was approaching her climax without knowing it, as the relaxing and tensing
  up of her clitoris brought her pleasure senses higher and higher. All of a
  sudden, she had no control over herself anymore - hard as she tried to hold
  it back (without knowing why she was doing so), it came. Waves of spasms rocked
  her body, emanating from her pussy which was pulsating with a mind of its own.
  Torrents of pleasure, washed through her young nubile body. She was afterward
  so relaxed she nearly fell asleep in the bath-tub. This, Noriko told her, was
  her first masturbation. 
 Miyuki had not tried it again since. Thinking about volleyballs, and bath-tubs
  and white cotton panties, she drifted off to sleep. 
 -- 
 It was two days later, when Miyuki's class had their physical exercise lesson
  again. Mr Tanaka again crept into the classroom, and gleefully put his powder
  onto Miyuki's panties. He would do that for the next few weeks as well, and
  Miyuki had no idea. She did start to realise that she would feel itchy in her
  private part only on the days after volleyball. Is it the perspiration? She
  wondered. Or is it Mr Tanaka? As she stared at her handsome teacher in the
  distance teaching her friend Noriko how to spike the ball, she wondered if
  he somehow had some mysterious power over her body. Why was she reacting that
  way to him? Again, she felt that urge in her crotch, that hot feeling that
  spreads all over her pussy. Today, she felt something new as well... she felt
  a little wet. That familiar feeling when she read an adult manga. Those comics
  that had dirty pictures of guys having sex with girls made her wet. Not that
  she reads them often, but curious Miyuki had chanced upon them in a local bookstore
  and started flipping through the pages. She could not put the comic down, but
  when she was done, she felt really flustered and embarrassed she had gone through
  the whole thing. She left the bookshop hurriedly, avoiding the gaze of the
  shopowner. She had felt some wetness between her legs then. And now she felt
  it again. 
 Maybe she caught some disease, she thought. It couldn't be a hygiene problem,
  could it? She always takes at least half an hour to bathe. Should she see the
  school doctor? 
 "Yo, what's up, Yuki-chan?" Noriko chirped. She was dressed in a mid-thigh
  length white skirt, not unlike her pal Miyuki. She nudged Miyuki lightly in
  her ribs, rousing her from her inner thoughts. 
 "Oh, nothing,". Miyuki looked at her friend. Noriko was slightly taller than
  she was, with a more athletic build, and longer hair that she liked to tie
  up in a ponytail. Noriko played tennis for the school. While Miyuki had fair
  white skin, Noriko was slightly more tanned. They had been good friends since
  the first year they came to Kawasaki High School. Miyuki decided not to tell
  Noriko about her extremely embarassing problem. 
 -- 
 Mr Umeda looked at his student. He looked longer than usual, at Miyuki Reiko,
  class monitress. She was his favorite student. Not only did she hand up her
  work on time every assignment, Mr Umeda also thought her very pretty. But lately
  he had found it difficult to concentrate on teaching in class. For he thought
  that Miss Miyuki Reiko had been sitting in a very flirtatious manner. 
 While all the girls in the class were expected, as young ladies, to sit with
  their legs closed, Miyuki seemed to move around a little excessively. Sometimes
  Mr Umeda would see her creamy thighs, as she crossed or uncrossed them, and
  her skirt would not quite be in the proper place. Once he thought he saw a
  flash of white between her legs, Mr Umeda's eyes almost popped out. 
 Mr Umeda started to give homework to the class to do in class. He would pretend
  to be marking books, whilst he kept his eye out on this lovely sixteen year
  old. As the whole class did their work, Mr Umeda would glance at Miss Reiko's
  legs below her desk. It was great that the desks were simple ones, with no
  barrier between his lustful eyes, and the luscious upper legs which would appear
  every now and then, as Miyuki shifted around in her seat absent-mindedly. Was
  she doing it on purpose or was she plain careless? 
 Mr Umeda was not a good looking man. He was past his 40s, and looked more
  like a portly Japanese businessman, with dark jowls, and horn-rimmed glasses,
  rather than a school teacher. He could not believe his luck that this teenage
  beauty queen was such a temptress. 
 Still, he was shocked when Mr Tanaka made a remark to him after a staff meeting. "You
  know that girl Reiko in your class?" 
 "Rei.. you mean Miyuki Reiko?" Mr Umeda said. 
 "Notice anything about her recently?" Mr Tanaka asked. 
 Mr Umeda looked at Mr Tanaka dumbly, unsure of how to react. 
 "She's been acting rather strangely yah?" Mr Tanaka probed, with a slight
  smile. 
 "Um... what do you mean?" 
 "You know what I mean. The way she behaves.. a little bit unladylike, wouldn't
  you say?" Tanaka lowered his voice. He added, "I think it either means they
  got jilted by their boyfriend, or they're earning some money on the side..
  you know.. " 
 Mr Umeda's eyes lit up, "Oh, you mean... " 
 Mr Tanaka said, "I'm suspecting. Either she donates her underwear for vending
  machines, or maybe she works part time in a coffee joint without one." Mr Tanaka
  laughed, and gave Mr Umeda a pat on the back. "She sure likes to flaunt her
  panties during my volleyball lessons.. Maybe you should give her some counseling,
  Umeda-san." 
 Mr Umeda nodded dumbly, and swallowed, as Mr Tanaka walked off. 
 Mr Tanaka smiled to himself, as he looked at the empty tube in his pocket,
  no bigger than his pinkie. Because the physical exercise lessons were conducted
  three times a week, but at different times of the day, he had to plan ahead
  as to when Miyuki would feel the effects. On Mondays and Wednesdays, when PE
  was the first activity of the day, he would sprinkle less powder - she would
  then feel the discomfort the whole day, and start acting like a slut in front
  of the other teachers. On last Friday, he had dumped almost three-quarters
  of the tube, knowing that PE was the last activity of the day - he was pleased
  to note that Miyuki almost could hardly keep her hands out of her panties. 
 -- It was Wednesday, Miyuki had ran out of class to the restroom. Noriko
  subsequently went in to look for her, worried that her friend was sick. 
 "Hey, are you alright, Miyuki?" Noriko shouted from outside Miyuki's cubicle.
  The monitress had went straight into the toilet, and pulled her panties down. 
 "Period?" Noriko asked. 
 "No.. um.. yes.." Miyuki was trying to relieve the itch in her pubic mound,
  scratching frantically, but she did not want her friend to think that she was
  a disgusting little tramp. 
 -- 
 Mr Umeda was staring dumbfounded at his open briefcase. He was just clearing
  his table to go home, and was shocked to find a pair of white cotton panties
  amongst his belongings in his briefcase. He glanced around to make sure that
  nobody else was there. Was someone playing a joke on him? As Miyuki Reiko's
  image popped into his head, he felt an urgent arousal in his loins. Could what
  Mr Tanaka said be true? This model student, this class monitress is resorting
  to 'extra-curricular activities' to make a quick buck? And propositioning him
  as a potential client ? He quickly closed his briefcase and went on his way
  home. 
 In the privacy of his own home, Umeda had examined the panties again and
  again - there was a definitely feminine musky smell - someone had worn this.
  Regardless of whether it was Miyuki's or not, Umeda masturbated with the soft
  cotton garment, and ejaculated loads of cum into it, fantasizing about images
  of the sixteen year old exposing herself to him in class. 
 -- 
Part 3 
 Tanaka decided to put his plan into the next phase today. First, he had doctored
  Miyuki's panties with a full tube of his special powder. He had then called
  her to stay back after class, telling her that his photographs of her had really
  impressed his agency, and that he wanted to show the photos to her. 
 Tanaka knew that the itching effect would come after about half an hour after
  contact. And PE being the last lesson of the day, students and teachers of
  Kawasaki High School had all left the school campus within fifteen minutes
  of the last bell. 
 Tanaka's adrenaline was pumping, as he readied his video camera. A professional
  in his line - and it was neither photography nor teaching. Tanaka fulfilled
  voyeuristic fantasies of his clients. For the individuals who employed him,
  it was a vicarious way of experiencing forbidden sexual pleasures; Tanaka acted
  on behalf of his clients, and he specialised in capturing it on film. Invariably,
  the client almost always knows the subject, perhaps a sexy student, neighbor,
  secretary, friend's wife, colleague, a niece or even daughter. Tanaka had seduced,
  molested, humiliated and raped all of them. 
 Although a seasoned hand, he couldn't help getting excited about the innocent
  teenage girl that was about to be violated in many ways. 
 Miyuki appeared at the door way to his office, and bowed her head in greeting
  to her sensei. Tanaka invited her in, and asked her to sit down on the couch.
  He brought her an album, and started showing her some pictures of people and
  places which were 'his work'. Tanaka wanted to stall for some time, in case
  there were still people around in school who had not yet left, and this bought
  him another ten minutes. He was also waiting for his powder to take effect. 
 "Tanaka-san, did my pictures turn out alright?" Miyuki asked as she flipped
  to the last page of his album. 
 "Oh yes, I nearly forgot." Tanaka went back to his desk, and pulled out another
  album. 
 To her surprise, it was labelled "Miyuki Reiko, 16 yrs old" on the cover.
  Tanaka watched her carefully, and saw her surprise, but she was too polite
  to ask any questions. 
 "Oh my." She saw the first few pictures, and was quite alarmed to see that
  they had been blown up to almost full page size. She looked quite innocent
  in them, but yet, there was a subtle hint of flirtatiousness in her pose she
  realised. She was not sure if it was herself, or the 'skill' of the photographer,
  namely Mr Tanaka, which made it such. 
 Tanaka was watching her carefully, and registered the first tell-tale twitching
  of her thighs, as she sat on the couch beside him, looking at the album. Miyuki's
  left hand went unconsciously to her lap, and then she suddenly realised that
  the horrible itching is coming again. "The client really thought you were a
  great model, Miyuki. They are requesting for more pictures of you." 
 "Really?", Miyuki couldn't really think, as the itching multiplied by the
  second. She was feeling alarmed that this time, the intensity had risen quite
  quickly. One moment, she was feeling fine, the next, it felt like someone was
  tickling her pussy with a feather. 
 She turned to the last page, and saw, to her shock, that Tanaka had taken
  that picture of her squatting down, full-body! Quite clearly, her thighs can
  be seen. 
 "Bbbut.. you promised to take only the upper body!" Miyuki stammered, staring
  in disbelief at Tanaka, who nonchalantly waved his hand and replied, "Oh..
  don't worry about that - all the models do that nowadays. It's nothing. And
  my client really loved it!" 
 And that's not a lie either, Tanaka thought to himself. Miyuki felt the itching
  in her crotch grow by the second, and did not want to argue. "I.. Sorry, Mr
  Tanaka, I need to go to the ladies," she blushed, Mr Tanaka must think she
  has no bladder control. She really needed to relieve that itch. 
 "Sure, but only if you agree to do more pictures for me," Mr Tanaka said.
  Miyuki glanced at Mr Tanaka and gave him a silly grin. She wasn't sure if he
  was joking or not. "I need to go.." she could not stand it anymore - she practically
  ran out of his room, much to Mr Tanaka's amusement. 
 Tanaka picked up his video camera and tripod, sauntered out into the corridor,
  and glanced around to make sure nobody else was in school. It was silent indeed.
  He saw the schoolgirl disappear into the ladies around the corner, and quickly
  followed her. 
 Miyuki dashed into the ladies, and ran into the cubicle, closing the door
  behind her. She quickly sat on the toilet seat cover, and peeled her panties
  down to her knees, and started scratching the burning sensation in her pubic
  mound. "Ohh.. oh my" she muttered to herself. "What is wrong with me??" 
 Tanaka placed his tripod softly on the ground, closed the door to the ladies,
  and locked it. He crept slowly to the only cubicle with the closed door, making
  no sound in his sneakers. All the time, Miyuki Reiko was busy scratching her
  pussy, her eyes half-closed. It felt so good to scratch she did not realise
  that Tanaka had climbed onto the toilet seat in the cubicle adjacent to hers,
  and was training his video camera onto her from over the dividing wall. 
 Tanaka felt the familiar swelling in his loins as he focused his camera onto
  the unsuspecting girl. He could only see her hand moving in a fury under her
  skirt, as she sat there, with her legs open, and her white cotton panties stretched
  around her knees. It was a fantastic shot - to anyone, it would look like Miyuki
  Reiko, class monitress, was getting herself off. 
 A full minute passed, Tanaka's tool was struggling to get free from his pants.
  Tanaka's mind quickly flashed back to the last week's events - his client had
  requested for a picture and video package of Miyuki Reiko, and Tanaka was to
  be paid handsomely for his services. But his client had stressed that the girl
  was not to be harmed, at least physically. And he, as a professional, was to
  deliver the contract - as much as he wanted to, he could not rape this girl
  in the ladies. 
 Miyuki screamed, when her dreamy eyes focused on the black camera lens over
  the top of the cubicle wall. She quickly pulled her panties up and dashed out
  of her cubicle. She heard that familiar voice before she saw the peeping-tom's
  face: "Miyuki Reiko's masturbation in the school toilet.." Tanaka said, stepping
  out, an evil grin on his face. 
 Miyuki could hardly believe it. She ran to the door, and found it locked.
  She could only think of running away. Running away from this nightmare situation
  - her teacher had caught her on tape in a shameful act. She wasn't even masturbating.
  But why was Mr Tanaka in the ladies?? She had a dozen different questions in
  her head. How could he?? 
 "Just doing my job, my dear Miyuki." It was almost like Tanaka had read her
  mind. Tanaka calmly attached the video camera to the tripod, as the panicked
  girl tried the unbudging door again and again. "Help! Let me out.. why are
  you doing this?" Miyuki managed in a feeble voice. 
 "Why don't we get started." Tanaka's eyes roamed over the sixteen year old's
  body. For the first time, Miyuki saw that cruel glint in his eyes - his handsome
  features seemed demonic now as the man strode over to the cowering girl. 
 Miyuki put up a lame struggle, as the much stronger Tanaka pinned her body
  and arms against the wall with an arm and his body, while his other hand forcibly
  grabbed her pert breasts through her school-girl uniform. "Don't worry, i'm
  won't rape you. I just want to make a sexy video." 
 Miyuki's head was feeling light, very light. Her breathing was fast and deep,
  and her breasts rose and fall with each breath she took. Tanaka took a few
  seconds to admire her bosom and savor the moment. Then he reached under her
  skirt. 
 Miyuki screamed when she felt his hand under her panties. "Look, Miyuki,
  if you're smart, you'll keep quiet and cooperate, or I'll distribute that naughty
  video of you playing with your pussy to everyone in school." Her heart sank
  when she heard that. She closed her eyes, and heard the furious beating of
  her heart reverberating in her eardrums. She prayed that it wasn't happening.
 Part 4 

Miyuki felt her knees weaken, as she felt Tanaka's hands under skirt. Tanaka
tugged her panties down to her ankles. He got behind her, holding her small wrists
with one hand. "Sit down" he ordered, and pulled the girl against himself so
that he was supporting her back with his torso, whilst he faced the camera. He
pulled her legs apart, laughing, "Still shy, eh?" displaying her most private
part to the camera. Miyuki did not look at the camera, looking away as Tanaka
hiked her skirt up all the way to her waist, displaying her creamy thighs, long
slender legs, and most of all, her hairy muff.
"Weren't you feeling itchy?" Tanaka taunted her. Miyuki started sobbing, as
  Tanaka's fingers started probing her pubic mound, ruffling the fine hair softly.
  Miyuki tried to close her legs, but each time she brought her knees together,
  Tanaka would push them apart. Worse of all, her pussy was feeling itchy again.
  Terribly itchy. Miyuki sat there on the floor, with her legs splayed, her nakedness
  caught on camera. 
"Take one," Tanaka laughed. 
"I'll help you relieve your itch, Miyuki". Tanaka's hand went to her pussy
  again, cupping her mound. With his index finger, he started rubbing the little
  piece of flesh that was her clitoris in small circles, whilst his thumb scratched
  her mons right above where it itched the most. 
"Uuhh.." Miyuki uttered involuntarily as Tanaka rewarded her eroding resistance
  by a vigorous scrubbing of the itching area with all his fingers. It felt so
  good, Miyuki resisted the temptation to moan with some difficulty. And the
  worst thing was, she felt herself getting that nasty, wet feeling. She was
  getting wet! 
Suddenly, without warning, Tanaka's middle finger slipped into the lubricating
  vagina of the teenage girl. Miyuki's body tensed up, and Tanaka tightened his
  grip on the wrists of the young girl whose arms were locked behind her. 
He withdrew his finger, and to her horror, stuck it in his mouth! She averted
  her gaze, and begged him, "Please.. let me go.. I won't tell anyone.." 
"But I would!" Tanaka smiled, and resumed rubbing Miyuki's clitoris, teasing
  the sensitive pink flesh, coaxing it to emerge from its hiding place. "Aaaahh..." Miyuki's
  body tensed up again, as Tanaka stuck two fingers into her very wet tunnel,
  making a squishing sound. 
"You're liking this, Miyuki.." 
Miyuki could only half protest, and half whimper as he continued pumping his
  fingers into her love hole. Tanaka could feel his mouth watering; the warm
  wet sex of the girl was wrapped around his fingers like a glove, and he savored
  that feeling. As Tanaka expertly kneaded and rubbed Miyuki's magic button,
  while simultaneously immersing his fingers deep into her most private part,
  he was aware that she was deliciously raising her hips more and more, an involuntary
  response to his finger-fucking. 
Who would have thought that just a few weeks ago, this girl was a model student,
  an untouchable teenage princess who wore short volleyball skirts to his class.
  Boasting such a magnificent pair of legs, much to the lusty looks of male classmates
  and teachers alike, she was now being finger-fucked by him, helpless to resist
  as he violated her untainted sex between the same pair of legs. And it was
  all recorded, moment by moment, for the benefit of his client. No doubt the
  client would be playing the video over and over again, savoring the violation
  of this girl, who would otherwise be an untouchable, forbidden fruit. The client
  would be able to zoom up close, into Miyuki's face, her legs, her hairy sex,
  and zoom out to see this school-girl, dressed in her white blouse, school tie,
  her white socks and black shoes, her grey skirt hiked up around her waist,
  and her white panties dangling on one ankle, as an unknown hand explored and
  manipulated her tender privates. 
"Ohhh.. pleasse stop..." Miyuki was thoroughly humiliated as her vagina grew
  wetter by the minute, aroused by the unfamiliar intrusion which was her teacher's
  middle digit. Tanaka could see the perspiration forming on the girl's forehead,
  as he quickened the pace of his pumping action. He felt the increasing tension
  on his digit as he slid it in and out. Miyuki's inner vaginal walls gripped
  his finger. Her butt was practically off the floor for she had no room to retreat
  from the invading finger but to raise her hips up. She felt some pain, as Tanaka
  got more forceful and deeper with his strokes, but she mostly felt the unmistakable
  tension, rising in her abdomen. "No...nooo.." she pleaded as Tanaka's finger
  squished in and out of her slippery hole, in an increasing rhythm. 
Tanaka noted that he no longer had to hold her wrists behind her back as tightly
  - she was supporting herself with her palms on the floor behind her, her legs
  splayed open in the front as he fucked her with his fingers in full view of
  the camera. Miyuki was panting hard, and at times holding her breath as Tanaka
  varied the angle of his pumping, and slipped in an extra finger. "Ohh..uh....oh...",
  Miyuki gasped, in rhythm to his rapid pumping. 
All of a sudden, she let out a big sigh and took in a sharp breath - her butt
  muscles and vaginal muscles clenched in a final bid to hold the imminent in.
  But the dam broke. Her hips almost thrashed from side to side as waves of sweet
  orgasm hit her full force. It was much stronger than her first orgasm from
  the shower head in the bath. "Uuuuhhhhhhh..." Miyuki Reiko came repeatedly
  as Tanaka relentlessly kept pumping - he could feel her vaginal walls contracting
  with each climax that she reached. 
He finally withdrew his hand. Miyuki was completely drained but she made out
  from her hazy vision that Tanaka's hand was covered slickly with her juices.
  A silvery strand extended from her pussy to his fingers as he drew the sticky
  juices out for the benefit of the camera, muttering to himself, "Impressive... ". 
The young girl's short black hair fell across her hung head. She was recovering
  from the throes of an ecstacy she had not felt before. 
"Time for take two." Tanaka stated matter-of-factly. 
-- 
 Part 5 
 Mr Tanaka, the PE teacher, stood up and checked his video camera to make
  sure it was still rolling. He walked back to Miyuki Reiko, who was still sprawled
  on the ground. 
 According to the terms of his contract, he had to deliver a 'facial' as well.
  And he couldn't wait to do it, for the responsive body of the young teenager
  had made Tanaka's manhood really hard. Too bad the client did not want an oral
  shot. He wished so much to unload his sperm into the sexy girl's mouth. 
 "No... please" Miyuki stared at her teacher in horror as he unzipped his
  pants. She tried to move back, but he grabbed her by the shoulders, and started
  unbuttoning her school blouse. She hardly resisted, as he slipped the garment
  off her shoulders, revealing a simple full-cup bra. Although Miyuki could not
  be said to have large breasts, yet her cleavage, showing a porcelain skin which
  was even lighter than her already fair body made Tanaka's erection grow; being
  already three-quarters erect in the last five minutes from making the girl
  come, his full erection now caused him pain, restrained by his underwear. 
 As usual, he placed his professional obligations first, and made sure that
  he was standing at an angle such that the camera would catch the upper body
  of the girl, including her face in clear view, and only his lower body. With
  that in place, he pulled his underwear down, and his cock sprang into full
  erection, pointing directly at Miyuki's face, only a few inches away from her
  doe-like eyes - wide open with fear, and her luscious, pink lips. 
 Miyuki had never seen the male penis at such close range before. It was bulbous,
  thick and veined, and it throbbed visibly, and she was both awed, and disgusted.
  She suddenly realised that Tanaka had just unhooked her bra from behind, and
  with a swift motion, exposed her supple breasts. She let out a little girl
  squeal, and tried to cover her perky assets, but Tanaka forcibly pulled her
  arms away. She felt her face flush, as she realised that she was completely
  vulnerable, and it was as if she was exhibiting herself for the whole world
  to see. Tanaka held her wrists over her head with one hand, as Miyuki tried
  to turn her face away from the camera. He fondled the underside of one breast
  with one hand, feeling the weight on his hand, and then proceeded to knead
  both her breasts purposefully, humiliating the powerless girl thoroughly. 
 Tanaka began to pump his penis with his hand, still holding onto the wrists
  of the girl. He looked down at the helpless teenager, who was trying to avert
  her face from his erection, but he promptly kept her face in the position he
  wanted by holding her forehead down with one hand, so that she was looking
  directly at his pubic area. It was an extremely erotic shot from Tanaka's point
  of view. As he masturbated his cock furiously, Miyuki's fair face, framed by
  her short crop of hair was just under his massive erection. Looking further
  down,the girl was baring her naked breasts for him, and her crumpled panties
  still hung around the ankle of her exposed legs. 
 Tanaka knew that his client would be pleased with this take. The facial,
  was in fact a favorite, almost a customary last shot in adult videos in Japan.
  To the viewer, who only saw the disembodied male parts of the actor, and the
  closeups of the actress's naked body and face, it was like the viewer was there
  in person, jacking off over the lovely actress. Before long, Tanaka felt the
  building up of tension. Miyuki seemed to sense it as well, but she could not
  escape her fate. She could only close her eyes. Like a volcano erupting, he
  came. Gobs of semen spewed forth from his cock, right onto the cheek, lips,
  forehead and hair of his female student. He moaned, as he pumped his cock dry,
  depositing the white cum all over Miyuki Reiko's face. 
 The faithful video camera caught it all. Within twenty four hours, it would
  be played in the privacy of the client's bedroom, as the client jacked off
  to the image of Miyuki's face, and to the smell of the panties that she wore
  on the day she was violated. 

 Part 6
 The next few days went like a blur to Miyuki. She attended school, as if
  nothing had happened. Tanaka was surprised, for he would have expected her
  not to come to school at all, after receiving the shock of her life a few nights
  ago, when she became the unwilling star of the adult video that Tanaka shot.
  t handle that. 
 In the meantime, Tanaka kept a close watch on her through his means. He watched
  her from his black van as she walked home, watching for any signs which indicate
  that she was about to break her silence and betray him to the police, parents,
  or friends. But he had always controlled his victims well. Usually a quick
  reminder that he had the video of their violation, sealed their lips, and ensured
  their compliance with his wishes. 
 He watched from a distance, as he saw a tall shapely girl talk to Miyuki
  outside the cafteria. Noriko Shimabara. She was Tanaka's greatest fear. Noriko
  is Miyuki's best friend, and Tanaka knew that most of the time, it would be
  difficult for a good friend not to notice the changes in their buddy's behavior.
  He stared at the school tennis team player, who was dressed in a pristine white
  blouse and short skirt which showed off her tanned muscular thighs, and the
  loose white legwarmers which reached up to her upper-calves. 
 Noriko had noticed that her friend Miyuki had become rather withdrawn these
  few days. She appeared to day-dream rather frequently, but would say that everything
  was fine when questioned. Hmm.. maybe she needed to unwind a little from school
  - the exam period is approaching in a couple of months, and Miyuki had always
  been exemplary in her grades, quite unlike Noriko herself. Maybe she was taking
  her studies too seriously and was getting stressed out? 
 Noriko tried to cheer her friend up, pulling out from her bag the latest
  Hello Kitty accessories she bought. Miyuki soon broke out into smiles at the
  cute cartoon characters adorned on a purse and pencil case. The lone figure
  outside the cafteria walked away. 
 -- 
 "Why have you been skipping PE classes, Reiko-san?" Umeda, her form teacher,
  asked the class monitress. She was standing in front of him in his office,
  as he sat in his fat black chair. His eyes involuntarily roamed the pretty
  girl from head to toe - her head was hung low, and her hands clasped together
  in a apologetic, submissive posture. 
 "I have asked the school doctor, and she said that you are not unwell," Umeda
  continued. 
 "I cannot attend Tanaka-san sensei's class anymore," Miyuki ventured, making
  brief eye-contact with the stern teacher. 
 "It is the school rules, Miyuki, and you must obey it." 
 "I can't..." Miyuki protested. 
 "You can't, or you won't? I'm sorry Miyuki, if you persist in missing your
  classes, I will have to punish you severely. In fact, you will stay in my office
  now, and write for me 1000 lines 'I will not skip my PE lessons again'. And
  if you do again, you will be stripped.." 
 Miyuki's eyes shot up. 
 ".. of your duties as class monitress. Your parents will be informed of your
  misbehavior." 
 Miyuki's distress was apparent in her face. She started wringing her hands, "No..
  please don't tell my parents, Sir." 
 Umeda said to her matter-of-factly, "I won't unless you misbehave. Now go
  to the desk in that corner and commence with your punishment." 
 Miyuki almost sulked as she walked over to the table and sat down. She opened
  her bag, took out her writing pad, and started writing. 
 Ten minutes later, she had written almost 50 lines. She dropped her pen,
  startled, when a familiar figure entered the office. 
 It was Mr Tanaka. She picked up her pen again and started writing, trying
  to avoid eye contact with her PE teacher, the very same one who violated her
  modesty a few days ago. 
 Tanaka bowed slightly to Umeda as he entered, a polite acknowledgement of
  his colleague. He then turned toward the girl sitting in the corner of the
  office. "Well, Reiko-san, are you repentant for missing my classes?" Tanaka
  said acidly. 
 Miyuki ignored him. To Umeda, Tanaka looked like he lost his temper in the
  next few moments. He strode up to the girl and grabbed her by the chin - she
  gave a little scream, and looked at him with great fear in her eyes. Tanaka
  must have lost his mind, Umeda thought, teachers don't usually make bodily
  contact with students, no matter how rude they have been. The most errant students
  were usually dealt with a stern scolding. Rare had there been cases of teachers
  who actually hit students - it was usually the principal's job. 
 "Do as I say, or you'll be sorry!" Tanaka whispered sharply into Miyuki's
  ear. She knew what he meant. If she did not cooperate, he would release that
  video to everyone. And to her horror he stuck his index finger into her mouth.
  She resisted the temptation to bite him, but rather tried to turn her head
  away and pull her head back, but his other hand held her chin in a vise-like
  grip. "Awww!" Miyuki felt the pressure on her jaw, and did not dare to bite
  the digit in her mouth. 
 "Err.. Tanaka san. You are hurting her." Umeda's eyes bulged out in disbelief
  as he took in the struggling girl in the chair, held down by Tanaka's rather
  strange hold. 
 "Nonsense, Umeda. She loves this kind of thing. Look.." Tanaka's finger slipped
  in all the way into her mouth, then pulled almost out of her lips, and went
  in again. He made a to and fro motion with his long finger, an obvious allusion
  to the obscene act of fucking the teenager's mouth. 
 Tanaka kept going with his finger. Umeda saw the digit, coated now with Miyuki's
  saliva disappear and appear repeatedly between the luscious lips of the high
  school girl. Umeda knew this was wrong - Tanaka was obviously humiliating the
  girl in an uncalled-for manner, but Umeda could not help but stand riveted
  at his spot, staring at the helpless girl. 
 "She's into enjo-kosai, Umeda-san. What did I tell you? She's going to be
  expelled by the principal if he learns of this." 
 "Uhhmmmf.." Miyuki tried to refute the false allegation against her, but
  could only mumble as the writhing finger in her mouth prevented her from speaking
  intelligibly. 
 "And I have proof of it.." Tanaka said, as he pulled his finger out of the
  girl's mouth, and released his grip on her chin. Miyuki stared at him at disbelief.
  Surely he's not going to show Umeda the video! 
 "Anyway, be warned Reiko-san. You better behave yourself from now on. Or
  you'll find yourself crossing paths with me, and especially with Umeda-san.
  He will be your disciplinarian. You are dismissed," Tanaka said sternly to
  her. 
 She grabbed her bag, took a look at her form teacher, Umeda, who was still
  stunned in his seat, and ran out of the office. 
 At that moment Umeda knew, he would be reliving the images of that afternoon
  in his head that evening at home, and particularly in bed when he loved to
  reminisce about his sweet students. He would be thinking of something else
  that might be sliding in and out of Miyuki Reiko's sweet mouth. 
 Tanaka's voice brought Umeda back to the present. "Umeda-san? Take a look
  at this, and see if you agree with me to recommend detention for Miss Reiko
  if she continues to cut classes for these extra-curricular activities." He
  dropped a large brown envelope on Umeda's table, and left the office. 
 Tanaka spotted Miyuki in the distance, and caught up with her. "Not so fast,
  Miyuki.." Miyuki halted in her tracks, but she stared at the PE teacher with
  daggers in her eyes. To think that the good-looking teacher was once the object
  of her infatuation. "Remember, if you don't cooperate with me, just go home
  and check your mailbox.. you will find something very interesting..". Miyuki
  turned to go, and he added, "I expect to see you in PE class later." 
 She did not go to PE class, nor any other class for the rest of the day.
  She had gone straight home, her heart pounding, as she considered what Mr Tanaka
  had said. 
 --- 
 Umeda opened the envelope on his desk. It was an envelope with identical
  contents that Miyuki would find in her mailbox when she arrived home. 
 In the envelope were two large photographs. One was the same photograph she
  had seen before in Tanaka's album, only larger - a shot of her squatting down
  in her school uniform, and showing a lot of her legs, smiling at the camera.
  Across the top of the photograph was her name, "Miyuki Reiko, 16 years old,
  xoxo", written in a font that resembled lipstick. She was horrified, but this
  was nothing compared to her reaction when she saw the other photograph. It
  looked slightly hazy - it was in fact a snapshot taken from Tanaka's video
  camera over the wall of the cubicle in the ladies' room. But it showed clearly,
  Miyuki sitting on the seat of the toilet, her legs splayed wide apart, her
  skirt hiked up to her waist, and her hand under her panties. Across the bottom
  of the picture were the words, "I love to play with myself.. Would you like
  to play too? " 
 -------------- 
 Part 7
 "So what's wrong with your good friend, Noriko?" 
 Noriko Shimabara looked up from her table, in that section of the school
  cafeteria that was normally 'reserved' for use by the cool people - mainly
  those who represented the school in sports. But today Noriko was by herself
  at that table - her tennis teammates had all gone for their classes. 
 Standing in front of her was Rumi Tachibana, from the same class as Miyuki.
  The high-school junior sported a deep brown tan - even deeper than Noriko's,
  who got it from playing tennis almost daily. But Rumi's tan was from going
  to a tanning salon, like many people in school who did it because it was cool.
  Noriko did not like Rumi one bit. 
 "You mean Miyuki? She's fine." Noriko answered curtly. 
 "Well, well.. haven't you heard she'll be given detention soon from missing
  Mr Tanaka's classes? " Rumi almost had a smirk on her face. 
 Noriko tried to restrain the expression of surprise that must have sprung
  up on her face. She knew that Miyuki had not been feeling well and had missed
  some classes. But last she knew, Miyuki promised her that she would see the
  school doctor and get permission to skip her PE lessons, rather than cutting
  classes. 
 "It's none of your business, Rumi." Noriko replied. Noriko felt her temperature
  rising. Rumi must be here to gloat over Miyuki's misfortunes. Ever since young,
  Rumi and Miyuki had been in the same school. They had been childhood rivals
  when it came to grades - but while Miyuki was friendly, helpful and well-liked
  by classmates and teachers alike, most people could not put up with Rumi's
  cynicism and caustic remarks. Noriko had heard from her other friends that
  Rumi's father used to work in the same company as Miyuki's father even back
  when they were in elementary school. In the wake of a bad year for the company,
  Rumi's father was retrenched, and Miyuki's father was unable to help. Apparently,
  the man had committed suicide because of that. Rumi and her mother inherited
  a large sum of insurance money however and were able to live comfortably. Noriko
  had asked Miyuki about the truth of what she heard, but Miyuki had always refused
  to talk about it. 
 "Of course it is my business. I don't understand why Umeda-san sensei wants
  her as the monitress - her behavior is giving our class a bad name you know." 
 "Get lost, Rumi." Noriko responded. 
 "My, my, getting a bit strung up aren't we? Don't think just because you're
  in the school tennis team you're worth anything Noriko... Just remember that... " Rumi
  flicked her ash-brown hair back and strode off. 
 -- 
 "Why aren't you telling me anything, Miyuki? " Noriko implored her friend.
  The two high-school teenagers were at a shopping mall near their school in
  the evening. Noriko had managed to get her friend out instead of going straight
  home every night. Somehow the cheerful Miyuki that she knew had become reticient
  and was behaving very strangely these few weeks. "Best friends are supposed
  to tell each other everything." Noriko urged. 
 Miyuki bit her lip. She wanted to pour her woes to her buddy so very much.
  But she remembered Tanaka's threat. He would send those photos and the video
  of her to her parents. "Is it Tanaka?" Noriko thought it might have something
  to do with her friend's reluctance to go to his classes. "Is he harrassing
  you?" 
 Miyuki shook her head, fearful of what might happen if her headstrong friend
  Noriko went to confront that terrible man. Noriko was just the sort of girl
  who would stand up for her more non-confrontational friend, Miyuki. Noriko
  was taller, had larger bones, and most importantly, had the attitude to match.
  Her athletic training and tennis had developed her leg muscles and arm power
  sufficiently that few boys of her age would dare to trifle with her. Noriko
  had the reputation of taking a few teeth off a school bully - a big guy who
  was two years older than her. 
 "No, it is nothing to do with Tanaka, Noriko. I just did not feel like going
  to school anymore, that's all. I thought that Tanaka-san would not notice my
  absence, since its a big class." 
 "But why Miyuki? You've always had good grades, you must be putting too much
  pressure on yourself! I will speak to your form teacher Umeda. " Noriko suggested. 
 "No... Noriko, Umeda is right, I cannot skip classes just because I did not
  feel like it. And you're probably right too, maybe I should just stop worrying
  about my grades and start enjoying myself more... like you." Miyuki nudged
  her friend's side gently with her elbow, breaking into a smile. 
 "Hey you! Are you saying I don't study?" Noriko pretended to be angry, and
  jumped onto her friend's shoulders. 
 At a distance, a figure in the shadows observed the two girls giggling and
  tickling each other. 
 ------------ 
 Part 8
 It was a Saturday. Nobody else was in school, except some sports teams who
  were training, and students who had to come back for detention classes. This
  time round, Miyuki was the only student who was back in school for detention. 
 She had received the note from her form teacher on Friday morning. Because
  she had skipped classes more than 3 classes that week, she now had to accept
  the punishment. She had failed to heed the warning given to her about making
  it to all her classes; if she again failed to report for detention class, her
  parents and the principal would be notified. Last night, she had convinced
  her friend Noriko not to approach her form teacher Umeda on lifting her detention.
  She did not want to put Noriko at risk from incurring the attention or wrath
  of Tanaka. She could endure this detention this once. 
 With a heavy heart, Miyuki trudged to school. Just several weeks ago, she
  was the role model student. Now she had to report back to school for playing
  truant, for the first time in her life. 
 -- 
 Umeda had brought home the pictures the night before. He could not help himself,
  as he masturbated over the picture of the girl and ejaculated all over her
  image. He knew that he had impure thoughts in his head as he asked her back
  for detention. He just could not get enough of the teenage vamp. Looking so
  innocent, a goody-two-shoes image on the exterior, but actually a materialistic
  girl of loose values who would sell her youthful charms for sexual favors.
  Umeda surmised that just as she was corrupted by the lure of money, a symptom
  of society's losing battle in traditional moral values against rapid modernisation,
  he was corrupted by his lust for her. 
 It was a deep-seated lust. Umeda had always fantasized about his female students,
  particularly the pretty ones, but it remained as fantasies. But this girl had
  unlocked all his primordial desires. He wanted to have her. 
 Today, he would see her again. His heart fluttered as images of the sweet
  sixteen year old came to his mind. 
 -- 
 "No penetration yet. Have her humiliated in front of her teacher." Tanaka
  read the message in his email again. It was from Xanadu. Tanaka had no idea
  who the client was.. he got instructions from the client always through Xanadu.
  Tanaka had played his cards so far; Xanadu had told him that the client was
  extremely pleased with the results thus far - the photographs, the video, and
  reports on how Umeda had been gradually acclimatised to the idea of Miyuki
  as a sex object. 
 -- 
 "Welcome to the first half of your detention Reiko-san." Miyuki was seated
  outside the staff room, nervous as to what was going to happen to her, when
  Tanaka walked in with a big smile on his face. 
 "Whh..why are you here?" Miyuki had thought only Umeda-san would be administering
  her detention. 
 "Well, you skipped PE class. So i'm here to give you make-up lessons!" 
 Miyuki's heart sank, as she knew she would have to face the man who humiliated
  her and outraged her modesty. She still remembered how he had violated her
  most private parts with his fingers, and how he had jacked off and ejaculated
  all over her face. She hated him. She also feared him. 
 "But I didn't bring my exercise attire!" She bit her lip, as a pang of fear
  shot through her heart. Somehow, she knew that it was his plan. 
 "It's alright. I have a spare ladies set for students who use that as an
  excuse for not coming to class." Tanaka almost sniggered, as he handed her
  a set of clothes. "Now get changed and meet me in the gym in 5 minutes." 
 In a daze, she went to the changing room. A sudden paranoia gripped her,
  as she quickly checked that he had not followed her to the ladies, and she
  made doubly sure by locking the door. 
 The white cotton-tee that Tanaka gave her was incredibly tight fitting. She
  managed to slip into it. Although not a particularly endowed girl in terms
  of her bosom, the tight shirt accentuated the form of her breasts. And the
  'shorts' - dark blue, as was the school standard, it was really for a gymnastics
  workout, as it clung snugly to the girl's lower body. It was cut so high it
  left nothing to the imagination to the shape of the girl's buttocks and thighs.
  And Miyuki was as lithe as a sixteen year old could be - the entire outfit
  flattered, almost flaunted her young body. She would never have dared to wear
  this in school, but she had no choice. 
 Mr Umeda almost had a heart attack when she saw the teenager, dressed so
  provocatively. Mr Tanaka caught the expression on his face, but pretended not
  to see. Nonchalantly, he asked Miyuki to start her remedial PE lesson at the
  gymnasium. Mr Umeda watched from the entrance of the gymnasium, a good distance
  away. Shortly after, he left. Tanaka locked the gym door. 
 -------------- 
 Part 9

 Miyuki was standing in Umeda's office. She had changed back to her school
  uniform. Her hair was wet, for she had just showered. 
 Umeda and Tanaka was discussing what to do with her. For her disobedience,
  she had to be punished. 
 Miyuki could not believe it was happening. She had never been punished this
  way before. When she was a mischievous elementary school girl, she had been
  asked to stand on her chair, or pull her ears, but had never been exposed to
  corporal punishment. On occasion, a particularly strict teacher who caught
  a student cheating on a test might use a ruler to hit the hand of the student. 
 She was told to stand by the edge of Umeda's table. Mr Umeda's heart was
  pounding, as he told her to face the table, and use her hands to grasp the
  opposite end of the table. As the table was quite wide, her doing so made her
  upper body almost flat against the top of the table, whilst her lower body
  was upright, with her thighs pressed against the solid oak table. 
 Umeda took the long, hard wooden ruler, and placed it on the girl's behind.
  Her reaching over to hold the other end of the table strained her school blouse
  - Umeda could see her lovely breasts pushing out the front of her uniform as
  she leaned close to the table top. Her skirt revealed a couple of inches of
  the back of her thighs. 
 He pulled back his hand, and struck his first blow with the ruler, right
  on Miyuki's backside. She yelped, "Ooowwww!" surprised at how much it stung.
  She clenched her teeth - she was not going to yowl like a baby no matter how
  much it hurt, she decided. At least if she had to bear the indignity of being
  spanked, she was going to try not to cry out like a kid being spanked. 
 "Whhhack!" Miyuki flinched at the heavy blow, and stopped herself from crying
  out. Umeda felt a sense of power that was intoxicating. Here he was striking
  this untouchable teenager. Untouchable because she had been the model student.
  She was a nice girl, good at her studies, and best in behavior. And now she
  was being beaten by him for misbehavior. She had a perfect image before, a
  class monitress, a teacher's pet. And now, she was sprawled in front of his
  desk in a totally submissive position, her vulnerable behind was his for taking
  - that tarnishing of that perfect image of her made him hunger for more. He
  mistook Miyuki's silence at his next two blows as being too soft on her, and
  decided to hit harder. 
 Raising the ruler high, Umeda struck again. "Uuhh.." Miyuki could not help
  but cry out a little. She could feel some tears rimming her eyes. Umeda cherished
  the response that each blow made - he loved it when he made the girl cry out.
  He loved how her hair flew across her face as she absorbed each blow, the subtle
  tensing of her buttock muscles just before his blow struck. Umeda felt a stirring
  in his loins - he was getting aroused hitting this girl! She was in his power. 
 Miyuki felt extremely humiliated. All her life, she has never been spanked
  before, not even by her strict father. And now, she's already sixteen years
  old, and she had to go through this. The blow on her backside stung. It smarted
  long after the hard wooden ruler left its mark on her buttocks. She was glad
  that her skirt (and panties) was providing a small layer of protection. All
  of a sudden, her hand involuntarily released its grip on the edge of the table.
  She had felt the beginning of a terrible itch in a familiar area, and her hand
  yearned to scratch it. 
 "Your hands back in position, Reiko-san!" Tanaka's voice boomed. Umeda had
  paused briefly when Tanaka spoke; he had not even noticed that Miyuki had released
  her grip. Rather he was sizing up the back view of this pretty teenager bent
  almost 90 degrees over his table. 
 The itch spread in Miyuki's crotch area like a swarm of angry bees. "Oh no,
  not now!" Of all the times her mysterious ailment struck her, this had to be
  the worst. In class, she would had to run out to the bathroom and take almost
  a quarter of an hour to relieve the itch. She had tried not to scratch, but
  it felt unbelievably good when she did. In most cases, once she peeled off
  her panties and exposed the area, it felt better. What Miyuki did not know
  was that the contagion was from her undergarment, and that it was aggravated
  by any perspiration or heat. A person wearing the contaminated garment would
  not feel anything for some time, and then as the skin perspired, even in small
  amounts, that would start the itching. 
 And she never suspected that Tanaka was the culprit behind this. He would
  doctor her panties as she went for PE class and left her change of clothes
  unguarded in the classroom. A few times the itch happened while she was walking
  home - she almost felt like pulling her skirt up, or even taking off her panties
  under her skirt. 
 Tanaka resisted smiling as he saw Miyuki squirming noticeably as Umeda prepared
  to continue spanking her. He had done it again, he had crept away in the midst
  of Miyuki's makeup gym lesson, and sprinkled some of his magic powder over
  the crotch of her clean pair of panties - the same pair that she was wearing
  now, after her shower. 
 "Be still, girl," Umeda said in a stern tone. The truth was that his eyes
  were roaming over the delicious form of the girl hunched over his table. Could
  she not take the pain anymore? He had only given her seven strokes of the ruler
  so far. 
 "Whaaaack!" The next stroke descended onto Miyuki's backside, and sent a
  searing wave of pain through her already bruised buttocks. "Uuuuuhhhhh....",
  Miyuki bit her lips. Amazingly, the itch subsided for a second as the nerves
  of her lower body screamed at the offending blow, forgetting about the irritation
  in her pubic area. 
 Miyuki's tired arms could no longer support her upper body's weight.. her
  elbows rested on the table, as the next blow came. "Whhhaaaccck!" She turned
  her head aside as her mouth opened in a cry, her eyes closed. She could feel
  the hot tears escaping from her lids and streaming down her face. But she did
  not want to open her eyes, and see Tanaka smirking at her. 
 Too bad I can't catch this on video.. Tanaka mused. 
 Umeda continued his spanking. Besides the obvious flinching when each stroke
  made contact with the girl's soft body, Miyuki was making small bodily movements
  as if she was in heat! Umeda did not stop nor slow down his spanking. He just
  kept watching in fascination as the girl seemed to rub her thighs (still mostly
  hidden under the skirt) together. 
 Umeda struck again, slightly distracted. This last blow did not quite land
  squarely on Miyuki's buttocks, and when he lifted his ruler, her school girl
  skirt 'stuck' to it for a split second. The skirt fell back in place, but not
  quite in place. It covered most of her butt still, but the back of her upper
  left thigh was now completely exposed, and one can glimpse her white panties
  through the folds of the skirt. 
 Unknown to Miyuki, the two grown men were now staring at her creamy white
  thighs. Umeda blinked, and resumed his composure. He struck again, squarely.
  He could see the little cartoon character Hello Kitty embroidered all around
  the border of the cotton undergarment. Again, the girl squirmed, and Umeda
  imagined what her crotch looked like, just a few inches away from where his
  eyes could see. Was she aroused by being beaten? That was impossible. But then
  here he was, getting aroused by beating her. 
 Miyuki almost prayed that Umeda would not pause so long between the strokes.
  For the itch was unbearable, and the temptation to steal her hand under her
  panties great. When he hit her, there was temporary relief from the itch. 
 Umeda in the meantime, was fantasizing about the very scene he was in. The
  girl was hunched over his table, her skirt hiked up, and her panties around
  her knees. He was fucking her from behind. Every time he humped her, she would
  cry out not unlike how she cried out with each stroke of his beating. 
 The spanking continued, and Umeda's blow fell lower, nearer to the girl's
  crotch. Miyuki cried out, whether in pain or in relief, she was not sure herself.
  But the blow stung her pubic area, but was almost extremely satisfying in quenching
  the fire of the itch. "Uuuhhhhhh..." she cried out. It was almost a pleasurable
  moan. She was ashamed, confused, and humiliated. Miyuki Reiko broke down, and
  started sobbing, the tears streaming down her pretty face. 
 Umeda continued for a few more strokes, and then stopped. "Alright, I think
you learnt your lesson." 
 -- 
 Part 10
It was late Wednesday afternoon. Regular school lessons had stopped by 2pm
  on Wednesdays, so that students could go for extra-curricular activities like
  tennis, swimming, basketball, softball, gymnastics and so on. 
There was nobody left in the academic staff department teachers except for
  Umeda. He was thinking about the events that happened recently. 
Just on Monday, he could hardly believe it when Tanaka told him that Miyuki
  had offered him a blowjob so that they would not tell on her. Tanaka said to
  Umeda that he knew that Umeda had secret desires for his student. But Tanaka
  was sympathetic. These "teenage sluts" as Tanaka called them, tempted men like
  Umeda, and it wasn't Umeda's fault. Umeda was glad that Tanaka understood him.
  After all Tanaka was a man too. Surely which man would be able to resist if
  a gorgeous teenager offered him a free blowjob? 
Umeda wondered how many blowjobs Miyuki had given to Tanaka already.. for
  he was the one who discovered the truth about Miyuki's immoral activities.
  And Umeda was just lucky that Tanaka wanted to share his fortune. Somehow,
  did Tanaka start off with good intentions and think that Umeda was able to
  reform his student, and hence told him about this? Or did Tanaka want to take
  advantage of the girl right from the start and just wanted someone else to
  be in this ? Anyway, Umeda didn't care. He was about to fulfil a fantasy that
  not every high-school teacher, especially one with his looks and age, would
  be able to fulfil. 
Yesterday, Umeda was speechless when Tanaka said that he had arranged with
  Miyuki for the afternoon of the following day, for her to give her form teacher,
  Umeda, some oral compensation. He said that Miyuki would nevertheless pretend
  to be an innocent school girl, as she always liked to do for her numerous businessmen
  clients. Umeda asked how far the girl would go, and Tanaka had said that she
  even offered the two of them a discount if they decided to patronise her "full
  services." Umeda was quite shocked, for although he had heard that many schoolgirls
  have resorted to disrobing for peepshows or even gave blowjobs these days,
  full-service meant that she was basically a whore. All while still in school! 
Tanaka even showed him a 'menu'. On the top was Miyuki's name, and her picture
  in school uniform. A quick glance showed that she was obviously one of those
  that catered to "school girl fetishes." Full service was the most expensive,
  and Umeda wasn't quite bold enough to suggest to Tanaka that he was interested
  anyway. It was one thing to be offered a free blowjob and take it. It was quite
  another to pay for a prostitute - especially if she was your student! One thing
  that caught his eye, was that there was an item under full service called "rape
  simulation." Was there no end to how low this demure looking girl was capable
  of? Was she into S&amp;M too?? 
-- 
Miyuki was waiting in the school cafteria. She knew that Noriko had tennis
  training, and would not be wondering why she was still in school. She was waiting
  for the hour to pass, and it seemed like an eternity. She started playing in
  her mind the events of the day before. 
Miyuki could not believe her ears when she heard from Tanaka. Tanaka had told
  Umeda that Miyuki performed sexual services for money outside school. 
"That's all lies! Why are you doing this to me ?" Miyuki had protested. "I'll
  tell him that you.. molested me..and taped it against my will!" 
"Who is he going to believe when I say that you're a slutty schoolgirl? Horny
  Miyuki playing with herself in the school toilet. That's the title of your
  promotional video, isn't it? I told him you gave middle aged business men blowjobs
  and let them come all over your face? Hmm.. maybe I should show him that part
  of your video as well - you know which scene I'm talking about don't you?" 
"You're in the video too! You're going to jail for this!" 
"Hahaha.....you crack me up, Miyuki. I've edited it of course. After all,
  you're the AV star. And even if you report this to the police, there's no evidence.
  You're not hurt, I didn't rape you. All they see is a album full of suggestive
  photographs and an amateur video made by an AV-actress wannabe, probably with
  help from a boyfriend, or one of your middle-aged businessmen whom you service.
  Oh.. and Umeda himself could probably testify that you almost had an orgasm
  while he was spanking your ass." 
Miyuki turned beetroot red when she heard that. All of a sudden she realised
  that somehow, this evil man must be behind the itching as well. 
"What do you want?!" Miyuki screamed at him. 
"Very simple. Umeda said he could wipe your record clean - not report you
  to your parents or to the school disciplinary committee... if you serviced
  him." 
Miyuki looked at Tanaka in horror. Umeda-san had always been a teacher she
  respected. He was fierce looking, and strict, but fair. He was also about the
  same age as her father. And now, he was in this with Tanaka, the man she hated
  with all her guts. 
"Give him a blowjob." Tanaka added helpfully. 
"No way in hell.." Miyuki shot back. 
Tanaka casually pulled out a white sweater, which Miyuki immediately recognised
  as belonging to Noriko. She usually left it in her school locker. How did Tanaka
  get his hands on it? "Say.. does this belong to someone you know?" 
"Don't you dare harm Noriko!" Miyuki clenched her fists in anger. 
"Well, stay away from her then, Miyuki. What she doesn't know is probably
  good for her. And if you don't cooperate with me.. well... maybe we can have
  the two of you girls make the next AV together." 
His words, spoken the day before, echoed in her mind as Miyuki picked up her
  school bag, and started making her way from the cafteria toward the Mathematics
  staff department. In her mind, she wanted to protect her friend Noriko by complying
  to Tanaka's demands. And besides, it was not too bad - she would have to endure
  the humiliation of actually masturbating a man, but at least she did not have
  to perform oral sex - an act of absolute debasement in her mind. 
Tanaka had convinced her that it was alright if she did not want to give Umeda
  a blowjob but that a handjob would do as well. "C'mon Miyuki. The man just
  wants to get off on you. So just make him come." Those were his words. And
  that was what Miyuki expected to do. 
-- 
At 4pm, there was a knock on Umeda's door. "Who is it?" Umeda asked. 
"Miyuki Reiko, sir." 
"Come in.." 
Miyuki Reiko stepped into Umeda's office. 
"Please close the door behind you." 
And she did. Miyuki was dressed like a regular female student at Kawasaki
  High School - white cotton blouse, with a short blue ribbon tie, grey skirt
  that covered up to mid-thigh, black socks and black shoes. She had short, neat
  black hair that framed her face, and big doe-like eyes. She did not have particularly
  large breasts, she had a slender frame, and very fair complexion. While some
  of his pretty female students have a flirtatious or even slutty look about
  them, Miyuki was one of those girls who looked sweet and demure, a wholesome,
  well-behaved girl from a traditional upper middle-class Japanese family, which
  was why Umeda had a hard time believing that she had done enjo-kosai, or prostituted
  herself. 
Umeda looked at her hungrily. Miyuki met his glance briefly, recognising the
  undisguised lust, and lowered her gaze. The dirty old man. And to think that
  she had always respected him as a strict but fair teacher. 
"Come here, Miyuki...", his eyes wandered over her shapely legs, the buttons
  on her blouse, and the faint outline of her bra underneath the white garment. 
Miyuki walked forward in front of Umeda's table. Her heart was pumping quickly,
  and her face blanched. 
"Come nearer." Umeda beckoned with his hand, indicating that she should come
  around his table. 
"Tanaka said you have something for me.." 
Miyuki came around the table, and finally looked up. To her horror, her middle-aged
  form teacher was seated on his chair, but naked from waist down! The man had
  rather rather hairy legs, and the hair was especially curly around his pubic
  region, from which his long obscene member, his penis, was in half erect position. 
Miyuki's hand involuntarily came up to cover her mouth and she turned her
  face away at the obscene sight. 
"Hehe.. nothing to be shy about, my dear. Now come over...", Umeda croaked. 
"And you would leave me alone after today, right?" her voice almost quivering
  in her final hesitation. She felt like running out of the room, away from this
  terrible situation, but her legs felt heavy. She knew she could not run away.
  If she did not cooperate with the evil man called Tanaka, and her nasty old
  teacher Umeda, they would release the video that Tanaka made of her when he
  insulted her modesty. 
Tanaka grabbed Miyuki's wrist and made the angel-faced teenage girl kneel
  down in front of him, between his legs. 
Miyuki could see his member throbbing - Umeda's penis was even thicker and
  uglier than Tanaka's when he jerked off and came on her face. 
"Why don't we get started, Miyuki." the man leered. 
The sixteen year old's small hand ventured slowly to grasp the man's cock.
  It grew even more erect in anticipation of the girl's touch, almost pointing
  vertically at the ceiling. 
"Ahhh.." Umeda could not believe it as Miyuki gingerly wrapped her fingers
  around his penis. She then started to move her hand slowly up and down in a
  weak attempt to masturbate him. She noticed that the tip of his penis was slightly
  wet and gleaming. It was his pre-cum. 
Umeda had masturbated over this for the past nights while fantasizing about
  this; last night, he had not done so, in order to save his cum for today. He
  wanted to cum in this nasty schoolgirl slut's mouth. 
Miyuki was jerking off Umeda's large penis with her hand. Umeda suddenly stopped
  her. "Enough.. open your mouth.." 
Miyuki shook her head and tried to move back, but Umeda's held on to her wrist
  in a vice-like grip. "No.. " Tanaka had said she did not have to do that! 
Umeda thought to himself, "She's really convincing as an innocent school girl.." Her
  resistance to his advances merely fuelled his lust more. He liked the feeling
  of dominating her. 
He grabbed the girl with one hand by hair at the back of her head, and pulled
  her forward, and with his other hand, guided his cock toward her lips. Miyuki
  struggled and squirmed, but his grip was relentless. She closed her mouth in
  disgust as the veinous, purple headed organ touched her cheek as she tried
  to avert her head. She could smell a pungent acrid odour from it, it was most
  disgusting. 
Umeda squeezed her neck, and Miyuki was so afraid that he would choke her,
  that she had no choice but to open her lips. Immediately the huge organ invaded
  her mouth. 
"Oh yes... " Umeda almost came when he felt the warm wet mouth around his
  cock. It was a dream come true, looking down between his legs and seeing this
  teenage queen with her mouth wide open and his huge cock stuffed inside. He
  really wished he had this on film to catch this erotic moment. 
Unbeknownst to him, there was a video camera capturing this scene right at
  that moment. Tanaka had installed two hidden cameras in Umeda's office over
  the weekend. And Tanaka was controlling both cameras in real time from his
  van at that moment. It was high tech spying equipment, which Tanaka's clients
  did not mind paying for his professional services. 
Though there was a limit to how much detail the cameras could catch - after
  all, the table and chair that Tanaka was sitting on partially obstructed the
  view of both cameras despite them being placed at different corners of his
  room - there was no doubt the images showed Umeda receiving a blowjob from
  one of his female students. 
Miyuki was sucking his cock like a straw. Umeda grew impatient. "Come on you
  little vamp.. you can do better than that.. I know you are a seasoned cocksucker,
  aren't you. Use some tongue!" Miyuki fought hard not to retch. She started
  to swirl her tongue round the bulbous head of the man's cock. It wasn't the
  best oral sex, but it felt good. 
Umeda's hands pushed Miyuki's head down on his crotch, forcing his penis deep
  into her throat. Umeda suddenly stood up, his penis dislodging itself from
  her mouth. With the obstruction gone in this new position, Tanaka's camera
  zoomed in, capturing Miyuki's face as some saliva dribbled out of the corner
  of her lips, the same saliva coating the glistening organ which Umeda promptly
  shoved back into the hapless girl's virgin mouth. 
He grabbed the back of the girl's head, and started making her move her head
  in short forward and backward motions, as his organ slid in and out of her
  mouth. "Look at me!" Miyuki was forced to tilt her head up, so that Umeda could
  see her fair face as he humped her mouth. Her soft brown eyes, big and innocent,
  looking up at him, her pink lips wrapped around his cock - it was an incredibly
  erotic sight, and Umeda almost came there and then. 
Umeda grunted in pleasure as he increased the rhythm and force of his humping,
  almost slamming into the back of the girl's throat. Miyuki almost choked a
  couple of times, but Umeda kept his grip on the back of her head so that she
  really had no choice but to continue swallowing his cock. 
Umeda's deep guttural groan grew louder, as he thrust his hips forward to
  fuck Miyuki's sweet mouth in a maddening pace. His balls were slapping her
  chin with each stroke, and it felt really good. He could feel the climax approaching.
  Miyuki felt the imminent approaching as well - his cock seemed to swell even
  larger in her mouth, and she started to panic, and tried to pull her head back.
  The sight of the beautiful girl kneeling between his legs, taking his rock-hard
  cock in her warm mouth was too much for Umeda to bear any longer. "AaaaaAAAAhhhh....OOHHhh..
  Ohhhh..", Umeda moaned, as he finally came in a huge orgasm - his engorged
  cock shot a stream of hot semen into the sixteen year old's mouth. He ejaculated
  another gob of sperm with each spasm, deep into the girl's throat, holding
  her head close to his body and keeping her mouth wrapped around his cock as
  he spent himself. 
Miyuki didn't know what to do when she felt the sticky warm goo spurt into
  the back of her throat and rush out in her mouth. As it kept flowing out, she
  had inadvertently swallowed some to keep herself from choking. Umeda withdrew
  his cock, which had lost half its erection. Hot white cum dribbled out from
  Miyuki's mouth - she felt sick to her bones. She felt like throwing up.. and
  she wanted to cry. 
Umeda just stood there, admiring the sight of Miyuki Reiko, the class monitress
  kneeling down in front of his naked cock, with his semen smeared all over her
  lips and overflowing out to her chin and floor. 
-- 
 To be concluded in Part 11.. 
 Part 11
 Tanaka could almost imagine the client watching the video of the blowjob
  from the comfort of his own room, masturbating to the scene of the defilement
  of the sixteen year old school girl. Why the humiliation though? Not so much
  the humiliation in and of itself, as many clients frequently found eroticism
  in the act of humiliating the subject, but that the humiliation seemed to be
  always in front of Umeda. The careful engineering of the spanking, and getting
  Umeda involved in the whole thing, seemed to point at the fact that Umeda was
  a key player in this. But Umeda could not himself be the client - Tanaka would
  know it. So who was the client then? Was it another teacher? Maybe somebody
  wanted to get Umeda in trouble? But why Miyuki then? Was she just there at
  the wrong place and wrong time? Or was Umeda there at the right place and right
  time? 
 Anyway, Tanaka just kept filming, watching the events from his van through
  his remote video equipment. Umeda had apparently just spent himself in Miyuki's
  mouth. She would probably run out at this stage Tanaka thought, with tears
  and cum mixed on her wet face, while Umeda was recovering. Tanaka was wrong. 
 -- 
 Umeda had grown soft after cumming in Miyuki's mouth. But as he looked at
  the pretty schoolgirl sprawled on the ground, her skirt covering her slender
  legs barely, and her forlorn face framed by her soft, short black hair, he
  felt his erection returning. He had not felt this much lust for a very long
  time. In fact, he had never been able to sustain his erection after one orgasm
  while having sex with his wife. But the nubile schoolgirl made him feel like
  an animal in heat. He wanted to fuck the girl. His cock sprang back to life. 
 Miyuki shook her head in fear and tried to resist as Umeda grabbed the top
  of her blouse, and with a sharp tug, ripped it down the middle. The buttons
  fell off to the ground, as the girl screamed. 
 She tried to stand up and run, but as she struggled with the much stronger
  man, he pushed her onto the couch in the office. Miyuki fell backwards onto
  the couch, her blouse almost falling apart, and displaying her white bra. She
  was sobbing, "No... pleassee... don't...", as Umeda took off his shirt, revealing
  his hairy chest. He stared at the white skin of Miyuki's bosom, and the cups
  of her bra covering the delights underneath. 
 Umeda was originally not intending to go further than a blowjob, but he was
  not in control anymore. After all this girl was just a whore. Whether she was
  pretending to reject his advances, or for real, he was not going to take no
  for an answer. 
 Miyuki squealed, and struggled on the couch as Umeda climbed onto her legs,
  trapping them between his knees. With her flailing legs under control, Umeda
  pulled her skirt up to her waist. She resisted, by using her hands to prevent
  the wicked exposure. But Umeda was not going to be stopped. He had seen those
  beautiful legs before, when he had given her a spanking. He had seen the curvaceous
  hips and creamy white thighs that hinted at what laid beyond. With his hands
  grabbing Miyuki's wrists, he now looked at impunity at the full length of Miyuki's
  legs, all the way from where her knees was trapped underneath his own, to her
  hips and crotch, where her white panties clung snugly. His view was unimpeded
  by the skirt now, which was hiked around her waist. He stared at the dark patch
  under the cotton panties - he always wondered what her pussy looked like. 
 "Please stop... I beg you..." Miyuki still twisted her body and wrists in
  a futile attempt to wrench herself out of Umeda's grip. He also remembered
  the nights he had masturbated himself in a pair of panties he found in his
  suitcase - panties he had convinced himself, belonged to Miyuki, his class
  monitress. He had sniffed them, and found a musky odour that gave him a hardon,
  for it was the smell of a fresh teenage pussy that had been in those panties.
  He could now relive the experience again. 
 Miyuki looked at horror as the man, still holding onto her wrists, bent down,
  and brought his face onto her stomach. He shifted his bodyweight lower down
  Miyuki's body, and kissed the bare skin of her navel. Miyuki squirmed as she
  felt the stub on Umeda's jowl, and his wet lips on her lower tummy. He moved
  his face even lower, right over her panties. The only garment that separated
  him from the unforbidden pleasures that beckoned him. Umeda put his nose right
  over Miyuki's crotch - she froze as she felt him touch her pubic area - and
  inhaled deeply. Yes, it was the smell of fresh teenage pussy. 
 Umeda's hands slipped under the elastic band of Miyuki's panties, and pulled
  her panties down to her knees. The girl struggled, but Umeda's body weight
  kept her down. He suddenly turned his attention to her upper body - with one
  quick motion, he pulled the straps on both her shoulders down to her upper
  arms, and dislodged her small breasts from the cups of her bra. He looked at
  her pink nipples hungrily, her breasts now exposed. 
 Umeda molested her breasts with his hand, using his other hand to fend off
  her arms which were trying to block him. Umeda shifted his body up, and bent
  down again - his mouth took in her nipple and started sucking on it. Miyuki
  whimpered, as pleasure signals from her sensitive breast fed back to her confused
  brain. Umeda rolled her other nipple between his thumb and forefinger while
  his tongue licked the nipple between his lips fervently, feeling it growing
  erect. 
 Umeda paused to look at the school girl again, her panties rolled down at
  her knees. He pulled one of her legs through the undergarment, so that it now
  hung deliciously around one kneecap - he loved the look of it. The innocent
  teenager's private parts both upper and lower body were now exposed to his
  lustful eyes. Miyuki fought to keep her legs closed, as Umeda pried them apart
  to expose her pussy completely. To no avail, for Umeda was brutally strong,
  and she was completely at his mercy. 
 Miyuki closed her eyes tightly, trying to disbelieve the horrible thing that
  was happening to her. Was she about to get raped? An involuntary shudder ran
  through her body, when she felt his fingernail scrape lightly across her clitoris. "No...
  please stop", Miyuki blinked and fought back the tears welling up in her eyes.
  Umeda could see the cunt lips of the sixteen year old swelling up in arousal
  as he continued to brush them with his finger tips. 
 Miyuki took a sharp intake of breath as the digit intruded into her most
  private part of her body. Umeda felt the moistness and exclaimed, "My, my!
  You're getting all wet!" Miyuki could not believe her body's betrayal. 
 Umeda continued probing her inside, all the while keeping a constant pressure
  on her clitoris. Miyuki's body shivered again, much to Umeda's delight. His
  dick was rock hard at this point. He positioned his groin between her soft
  thighs, and rubbed his erect dick against the young cunt, feeling the incredible
  sensation of her soft lips wetting his cock with her juices. Miyuki felt sick
  as she felt the bulbous head of his penis against the entrance of her pussy.
  Ignoring her protests, Umeda pushed, and she could feel pain as his big dick
  forced its way into her vagina. "Oh.. yes...," Umeda groaned with his eyes
  half closed, as he felt his dick enter the incredible warmth and softness of
  her cunt. The feeling of her womanhood surrounding his hard cock was heavenly.
  Umeda licked his lips, and plunged his thick, veiny cock into Miyuki's quivering,
  freshly defiled pussy. Miyuki grunted as the head of his cock reached the end
  of her vaginal canal. 
 Miyuki squealed as Umeda began to slide his cock in and out of the girl.
  He was very aroused to see the teenage queen pinned against the back of the
  couch with her legs wide open; the expression on her lovely face was a battle
  between the anguish of being violated and the involuntary carnal pleasure that
  her young body was feeling. He locked her thighs under his folded arms, her
  knees were almost resting on his shoulders as he sunk his dick all the way
  into her slender body. 
 He pumped his cock in and out of Miyuki, with each stroke, his balls slapped
  against her thighs. The couch creaked noisily with each forceful stroke as
  he mercilessly fucked her. "Uhh...Uh...Uh..." Miyuki cried as she was skewered
  by Umeda's massive penis. She felt a tension in her lower body, much like a
  spring winding itself. It was a tension that she felt a long time ago when
  she had first experienced masturbation, under the relaxing warm spray of water
  directed between her legs while taking a bath one evening in her early teens. 
 Umeda could feel her young vagina, lubricating in copious amounts as he slid
  in and out of her. Her strong muscles, was like a hot and smooth velvet glove
  wrapped tightly around his member. 
 Umeda leaned forward and planted his hands on the couch on both sides of
  Miyuki, sinking his penis to the hilt. The inside of his elbows was pressing
  against the underside of her knees, keeping her legs wide open. His face was
  mere inches away from her face. He licked the salty tears from her face, and
  she quickly turned her head to the side in a grimace. 
 "Aaaaah.......aaaaah.....urrrgh... uuuuurrrrrghhh " Miyuki gasped as Umeda's
  penis slid in and out of her hot pussy. Black spots appeared in the periphery
  of Miyuki's vision, her head was swimming.... Umeda could not believe the pleasure
  pulsing through his dick as he pumped in and out of her sweet cunt. Although
  the sixteen year old resisted the violation in heart and soul, her body was
  helplessly reacting with the intensity of a mature woman. 
 Her sweet juices dribbled down her creamy white thighs and coated Umeda's
  engorged testicles and penis in a glistening film. Waves of carnal delight,
  which young Miyuki only dreamed of, began to travel through her body. Her hips
  began to slowly roll from side to side in time with Umeda's shaft pistoning
  in and out of her like a jackhammer. Their bodies collided with brutal force
  again and again as he humped her mercilessly. 
 In the meantime, Tanaka was watching the scene, captured by his video cameras,
  from his van. He had a bulge in his pants as well, as he watched the beautiful
  teenage girl get screwed by her teacher. Tanaka swore to himself the next assignment
  he was going to make sure he got some action for himself. 
 "Uh...uh...uh......" Miyuki's gasps of pain mixed with moans of pleasure
  as the sweet girl unconsciously arched her back, increasing the friction on
  the big cock that moved inside her. Perspiration was forming on her forehead.
  Umeda was starting to sweat as well as he relentlessly raped the little girl.
  She was incredibly tight, and he felt like he was going to come soon. He wanted
  the moment to last though. 
 He stopped, and forced Miyuki to turn her body over. He wanted to fuck her
  doggie style now. Crying, Miyuki got on her knees and hands. Umeda leered at
  her luscious round ass, grabbing her buttocks with his hands and pushed her
  shoulders down while pulling her hips toward him, forcing her to obscenely
  stick her ass up. The man positioned his groin behind her, and slammed into
  her once again. "Uuuuuuhhh...." she grunted - he seemed even bigger from behind,
  and her vagina felt like it was stretching to the point of bursting. 
 Umeda continued fucking the girl and soon felt his big balls begin to contract
  and knew that he was getting close to cumming. He knew that the sweet beauty
  beneath him was close to climaxing too. Quickly he moved his hand down Miyuki's
  heaving belly and over her pubic area until he felt the very top of her tight,
  pussy slit. Umeda felt immediate waves of vaginal spasms pass along the shaft
  of his cock as he rubbed Miyuki's budding clitoris furiously. The girl arched
  her back even more, as she tried to resist the incredibly feelings of pleasure
  building up in her lower body. The smell of her highly aroused and lubricated
  sex was in the air. 
 "Uuh.. uhhh.. ppleease..st..sttop... uhh...uhhh...no...no... uh..Uhh.. Uhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Suddenly
  the panting girl stiffened beneath him, her face flushed red. 
 Umeda's cock had to stop as Miyuki Reiko's pussy clamped down on him with
  a steely, soft grip. The young girl shuddered then cried out loudly, "Ohhhhhhhh..
  Godddddd!" as she reached an earth-shattering orgasm. Umeda grabbed the young
  girl by her hip bones and shoved his cock deep into her, gradually overpowering
  Miyuki's spasming, vaginal muscles. 
 Her climax came in waves like a huge compressed spring unloading itself again
  and again - Miyuki's young muscles twitched and spasmed in a powerful milking
  action. Not being able to hold it back anymore, the high school teacher's balls
  exploded. 
 "Oh take my cum, you little slut," Umeda shouted as the first wave of sticky
  semen pulsed into the shivering, sixteen year old girl impaled on his cock. 
 "Ohh... noo," Miyuki cried as she opened her eyes wide when she felt hot
  semen fill her tender belly. Umeda could feel Miyuki's continued vaginal contractions
  through the shaft of his cock, as he shot more and more cum into the girl. 
 Finally, when he could stand up, Umeda reached for his wallet, drew out a
  thick wad of yen, and dropped it on the sofa where the exhausted girl laid,
  weeping. "That's how much you charge, for full service, isn't it ?" he said. 
 --- 
 Twenty-four hours later, a large brown envelope arrived in the mailbox of
  the Tachibana family. Rumi Tachibana picked it up, went to her bedroom, closed
  the door, and opened the envelope. 
 In it was a black video cassette tape, with a picture of her classmate Miyuki
  on the cover. It was the photograph of Miyuki that Tanaka had taken several
  weeks ago, but it also said in bold letters over the top, "Hi-School Girl Confinement
  and Rape." 
 Rumi smiled to herself, "Hehe..teacher's pet is now teacher's fuck toy..
  isn't revenge sweet..." 
 THE END 
Author's note: This was one of my earlier stories. To see the picture that
  inspired it, send your request to darkavenger at tokyo.com 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Avenger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





