BDSM Library - Missy's Misbehavior




Missy's Misbehavior
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A harsh spanking and brutal punishment of an early teen girl bring her closer to a schoolmate who had experienced similar punishments. The girls become friends and learn a lot about their own sexuality and each others.
	Missy walked down the sidewalk, kicking the stones as she neared her
house. She walked slowly already knowing what was in store for herself as she
braced herself for a punishment she knew she would not forget. Her mother could
be quite unreasonable and although very mature for a thirteen year old girl, she
was still typical in the fact that she did not always take her responsibilities
seriously. Mr. Thomas had noted that she was late for gym class three times in
the past month and tardiness was something mother had very little tolerance for.
She knew her mother well and was well aware that being too self conscious to
change in front of a room full of girls would not be an acceptable excuse for
showing up late. Furthermore, although the punishment may be severe, she
realized that mother could make it much worse if she didn't handle this
situation properly. And if that happened it could warrant something much worse
and she knew that that meant her step father Chris.

	She had over the past couple of months became less interested in school
which was mainly a product of her hormones taking control of her body so
abrubtly. She found herself watching boys, playing with her tight young pussy
and staying up late on the internet checking out porn sites. When Missy had
failed her math test her mother had had enough. The beating which followed
easily was the worst she had ever received. Her mother started off with Missy
over the knee with her hand on the bare bottom but was not happy with the mild
reaction she was getting. Missy cringed and squirmed, pleading for relief from
the punishment but all rather a product of over dramatic acting to satisfy
mother's need to see a some sort of understanding of the rules. Her mother knew
all to well that the pain was only part of the punishment and Missy also
realized this. Missy's mother knew she must leave marks on the firm bottom, not
only to ensure that the pain inflicted was proper but also as a reminder and to
showcase to anyone who may see it that Missy had been punished. Mother had
paddled her with a thin peice of racetrack from an old toy racecar set, belted
her with a heavy belt of Chris, and finished her off with an extension cord
while laying flat across her bed. By the end Missy was screaming and crying but
knew better than to disrespect mother. She layed sobbing on the floor for over
an hour before she checked the damage to her rear in the mirror. Her bottom was
black and blue with heavy welts criss-crossing her from her lower back to about
6 inches above her knees. There was no blood but Missy knew the marks would be
there for quite some time which had made her even more self conscious than she
had been before. All this a hard reminder as she walked up to the normal looking
house up at the end of the street.

	She walked in the door quietly, trying to be as discreet as possible.
She walked through the small hall into the kitchen where mother was sitting,
arms crossed at the table. She looked sternly towards Missy as she approached.
As Missy opened her mouth to start her explanation, she was interupted, "Stop,
Don't Say a Word", her mother barked.

	"I'm sorry Mommy", she began to sob.

	"It is too late for sorry", her mother yelled as she stood up and
approached Missy, grabbing her by her long blonde pony tail and bending her over
the table. Missy's head was then forced into the table as her mother held her
tightly in the bent submissive position.

	"Don't move from this position," she ordered as she left the room
briefly returning with an object at her side that Missy couldn't see. Missy
strained her eyes trying to see what was in store for her being ever so careful
not to move and disobeyed a direct order from her mother. She felt her medium
length skirt raise along her legs up past her thighs creating a bit of a
sensation in between her now only panty covered pussy. She recognized the tingle
as the same one she felt as she pulled down her panties when she was about to
masturbate herself.

	Mother walked around to the front of her where the object could now be
seen easily. Her light blue eyes opened in terror as she saw the piece of wood
that would be having its way with her round pubescent ass. It had formally been
an old piece of a boxspring that had fallen apart from her old bed that somehow
never got thrown out. It was about 27 inches long and about 4 inches wide. The
woods thickness was about 1 inch but it was very firm and didn't look very
smooth either.

	"Mommy, I was late bec__," she started as her mother cut her off.

	"There is no excuse for disrespect," she chimed in.

	"But I couldn't change with the other girls because they laugh at my
bottom when it is all bruised up," she finished nearly in tears.

	"Now you are going to be on time and I will see to it that every girl
gets too see your bottom...... and believe me when I say it is going to be black
and blue from top to bottom," she said with a snicker.

	"Put your hands in front of you on the table and do not move them," her
mother said evily, "and I do not want to have to remind you".

	Mother walked back to the other side of the table and inspected Missys
panty covered bottom, then gently slipped the panties down revealing the
smoothly shaved pussy underneath. The bottom was completely healed from the
previous beating. She rubbed her hand over both cheeks, starting at the top and
moving down towards the upper thighs and slightly inward towards her inner
thighs which caused a slight shiver to go through Missy's body. Missy could feel
her body becoming aroused but was abruptly interupted with a "CRACCCCKKKKK!!!!!"
as the wood hit her directly in the center of her bottom.

	"99 more," mother laughed as Missy wiggled her bottom trying to confort
her self without moving her hands.

	"CRACCCCCCCKKKKK,CRACCCCCCCKKKKK, CRACCCCCCCKKKKK, CRACCCCCCCKKKKK ,"
the paddle echoed as Missy began to kick and squirm uncontrollably, tears
filling her eyes.

	"Thats five dear," Mother noted with a smile on her face.

	"CRACCCCCCCKKKKK,CRACCCCCCCKKKKK, CRACCCCCCCKKKKK, CRACCCCCCCKKKKK,
CRACCCCCCCKKKKK," the paddle pounded as poor Missy screamed alternating her leg
muscles to try to move her aching buttock out of the line of fire and also to
sooth the aching globes which by now were forming some nice bruises.

	"Your done ten sweety, but I think my arm is getting a little tired,"
she said deviously, now reaching towards the young girls hair. She pulled her
ponytail sharply jerking to sobbing girls up to her feet and letting go to see
her fall to her knees and then to the floor where she lay balling in a protected
fetal position. Her pretty blue eyes were now streaming tears, face puffy from
crying. Mother again grabbed her hair and started by pulling the girl to her
feet and then along with her towards the steps, all while Missy stumbled over
her pretty pink girly panties. Legs trembling she began to stumble but mother
continued to pull her up the steps roughly, banging the poor girls body as she
went. As she approached the top she pulled Missy up into the hall and pointed
towards Missy's bedroom.

	Crawing into the bedroom, Missy collapsed inside the door. Her mother
grabbed her panties still around Missy's ankles and quickly ripped them tight up
into her open pussy causing the panties to pull tight into the waiting slit and
ass crack as she pull her towards the bed with her panties. Missy used what
little strength she had left to follow the direction of the panties which were
ripping her tender flesh and pulled herself onto the bed. The tension was
relieved and she continued to sob as her mother left the room. She heard mother
stomp down the steps and sobbed in relief as the punishment had subsided for
this moment. She pulled her panties from tender slit and rested them gently in
position. She reached down the back of the panties and felt her flaming bottom
and the raised bruising that had already occured. She looked back and saw the
black and blue marks that had already become evident. She pulled her skirt right
and began to cry.

	As she lay there she heard mother coming back up the stairs but now
sounding louder than normal. The footprints came to the door and it opened. Her
mother entered followed by Chris. Her hands immediately pulled her skirt into
position to allow no private areas to be visible.

	"Your mother told me that she was too tired to finish your punishment,
so now I have to finish what she started," he stated with a cold look on his
face.

	Missy hated Chris. She had felt that he had been looking at her ever
since Mother had met him. Often he would just watch as she walk in her bra and
panties or accidentally open the door while she was changing. It made her
uncomfortable. She had only ever been spanked by Chris over her jeans and over
her sweat pants but she knew it hurt. It hurt much more than anything her mother
could do with over her bare bottom so she was worried but relieved at the fact
it would be over her skirt at least for the remainder of the punishment.

	"Stand up and strip," he said calmly as he looked at her.

	"What?!!?" she inquired looking back to her mother.

	"Chris wants you to take off all of your clothes for this punishment."
mother stated.

	"Mommy," she pleaded "it will hurt too much and he will see my private
parts."

	"Do it now or it will be doubled to 180," he yelled.

	A fresh tear began to form at the corner of her eye as she stood up
unbuttoned her top, slowly taking it off revealing her white sports bra which
held her tiny breasts. She followed by lowering her skirt and pushing it to the
side with her foot.

	"Bra and panties too," mother added.

	"I won't," Missy refused as she looked Chris straight in the face trying
her hardest not to allow any more tears to her already puffy worn out young
face.

	Without a word Chris briskly walked to her and pushed her on the bed and
forced Missy on her stomach. She kicked and screamed as he wrestled her into
position where he grabbed her panties from the back and ripped harshly, making a
loud ripping noise as the panties were torn from here body. He followed by
grabbing tight on the bra tearing it off in one motion as Missy was ripped in
the air backwards towards him. The screams died down as he allowed her back to
the bed as he retreated. Mother then approached and sat on the bed next to the
sobbing girl.

	"I want you on your back," mother said as she helped the young girl flip
exposing the front of her slit, visible between her slighly parted legs. Her
front was also accented by red lines where the edges of her bra and panties has
eaten into her tender skin as they were torn off.

	"I am going to sit behind you sweety and hold your legs up while Chris
spanks you sweety," she instructed,"but please don't put your hands up to block
as Chris is not going to stop if you do and you don't want to break anything in
your hands"

	Mother sat behind Missy and gently rested the worn out head of Missy on
her lap covered only by a tight pair of jean shorts. She then pulled Missy's
legs up nearly touching her knees to her shoulders making her sweaty and
somewhat aroused pussy open for Chris to see. He rubbed his hand over her bottom
feeling the damage done earlier and rubbed his finger directly over the swollen
labia without touching it causing a swell of pleasure over the beaten girl. She
pulled away  just enough to seperate his fingers from her sensitive skin. He
stepped back and grabbed the slab of wood  and walked back to the waiting
bottom. Missy closed her eyes in anticipation and then it happened.
"WHACCCKKK"!! as Missy yelled in pain.

	Chris followed with ten more super hard strokes, "WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK,
WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK,
WHACCCKKK!!!" as Missy legs violently tried to escape from the hard grip her
mother had on her. Her loud screams echoed through the house as the girl started
to ball uncontrollably. Mother lessened her grip during the slight break in the
beating to regain the strength in her hand, depleted by the super tight hold she
had put on the leg obvious from the red hand mark left below Missys knees. Tears
continued to flow as the girls uncontrollable balling subsided into a tired
pathetic backround to a punishment session Missy would never forget.

	"Flip over slut," Chris said shocking both Missy and her mother. Neither
said anything as mother was not one to argue with the dominant Chris and Missy
in her battered condition couldn't mutter a word if she tried between the tired
sobs.

	"Now!!!!" he reminded as he pointed towards mothers lap.

	"Do what Chris says," mother instructed, "you have to listen to what he
tells you to do."

	Missy akwardly rolled as her mother let go of her legs and released her
from the revealing position causing her well damaged bottom to become the center
of attention. She gently rolled over and got on her hands and knees awaiting a
more precise location and position to settle to. She looked at Chris through the
tear filled eyes and saw nothing more than a blurred tear induced vision of her
tormentor.

	"Take your mothers shorts off and put your head back in her lap for your
punishment," he demanded as all eyes focused on his odd demand which resulted in
both females slowly looking away from the dominant male; eyes resting on each
other for a sign as to what to do. Mother stared back and looked at the young
teen deviantly.

	Her serious and somewhat worried face settled as she looked square into
Missy's worn face as she said, "Well, listen to your step father."

	Missy's heart sank as she heard the news. She was baffled and became
very worried as the face of her mother became very strange. It was almost as if
she enjoyed hearing the words from Chris. She appeared to be almost turned on by
the thought of becoming a more intimate part of the punishment session.

	"Now!!!!" mother said with an evil smile now plastered on her face as
she unbuttoned the top of her jeans.

	The young teen instantly began a slow and pathetic cry as she reached
for her mothers jeans which were tight on the middle age womans average built
mid-section. Her hands gently began opening the zipper which exposed her boring
black brief type panties which slowly she revealed as she pulled the shorts
down. As the pants reached lower on the waist of the mother she slid her hands
down and started pulling the shorts from the bottom, which soon went down past
the knees and ankles finally passing her feet.

	"On your hands and knees," he snickered, "make your nose touch those
black panties and if at any point you move, we will make it much worse."

	Missy submissively followed not wanting any more trouble, her nose about
3 inches above where she imagined her mothers slit might begin. She knew that
pussies had a distinct odor but smelled nothing which releived her but never
occured that it may have been because her nose was stuffed and running causing a
slight blockage. This also caused a slight bit of wetness to collect right at
the point the nose touched the panties from a mix of tears and mucas. She still
sobbed but was comforted by the closeness she shared with her mother.

	"79 to go if my math is correct," Chris chuckled obviously taking
pleasure in the girls misfortune. He was also turned on by the total submission
and vulnerability of the girl who now exposed every young crevice to his view.

	"WHHACCCKKK!!" the paddled expressed as it hit Missy very low on the
thighs nearing the top of her knees causing an instant bruise but not swaying
Missys face away from the vagina. She began to cry more profusely causing tears
to create a larger more saturated wet spot.

	""WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK,
WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK!!!" as tears pour even harder out the
young girl only drawing her face even closer to the womanhood of her mother. She
moaned as she absorbed the pain swaying her butt not concerned with the show she
was putting on.	The bottom was now covered from nearly knees to the top of her
bottom with bruises and heavy marking. Chris was not phased by the marking as he
pulled back and began to swing again, ""WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK,
WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK,
"WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK,
WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK, WHACCCKKK!!!" as he continued to pound away through the
bloodcurdling screams  and moans.

	"Your over half way done you little bitch," he yelled as he pushed her
face deep into her mothers completely soaked panties. Mother swayed her hips
hoping for a more deep push into her now aroused area. Chris noticing the
reaction reached between the young girl's legs making an effort to rub the pussy
slightly while he spread the girls legs slightly in the name of punishment and
discipline. The girl now emotionally and physically worn and beaten made no
effort to stop him, knowing that her pussy was both sweaty and wet from arousal
altough it showed little evidence more than being slightly swollen along with
her other parts for other reasons.

	"I have to get something," Chris noted as he left the room briefly
returning and immediately going back to work on the ass. "CRACCCKKK," echoed
sharply through the air as the young girl lifted her head out of shock away from
the pussy as she felt a thin object rap her side on her upper waist area almost
past her hip bone. Her head instantly returned to the panties in total
submission but now too late.

	"You disrespectful slut, I tell you what to do and you listen," he
screamed in a mean voice, "since you can't keep your head still I want you to
open your mothers legs lower your head and hold your mothers panties tight in
your mouth."

	Missy continued with frantic gasps and little muscle control as she
spread the legs and gently put the heavier cotton material of the lining in
between her teeth tasting the mix of saltly sweat and musty middle age sex
juices which must have oozed from her mother during the comotion.

	"Next will be your tongue inside if you can't handle yourself Missy," he
instructed leaving no room for bluffing. Missys sobs continued into her mothers
pussy which was now seperated from the fabric of the panties by a small space
where they were pulled away by the young teeth of the girl.

	"WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP," continued as the girl
tightly gripped the panties in her mouth as making sure not to have to any
further see her mothers privates while she blocked out the pain to the best
extent she could. By now she realized the object of her torment unseen to her
must be a wire of some sort as it had consistantly wrapped around each area of
her legs and hips all the way up to her thin waist tear into her front and rear.
She had lost any control over any sense of reason as she sobbed and cryed mixed
with moans of pathetic pain, muffled through the panties of her mother.

	Again Chris began the torture to her backside working up the back
towards the middle: "WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP,
WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP,
WHAP,WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP, WHAP" the wire narrated between
cries and muffled pleads from the torn flesh which now had definate lacerations
on the back and front on her tender stomach area. Her body now reduced to a heap
of damaged tissue, Missy's body began to lean and wobble. Chris put his hand
foward towards her bottom to hold her up while she regained her composure. He
slipped his finger downward and gently stuck his finger slowly in her virgin
pussy which receptively allowed his finger into the lubricated hole. He quickly
removed his finger now covered with the young virgins juice. He quickly removed
his belt from his waist and eyed the sensative area between the poor girls legs.

	"SPLATTTT!!!!" the belt remarked as it dived. The girl was awoken into a
near frenzy again kicking and screaming through mothers soaked panties as the
belt plunged into the pussys protective labia. Missy kept the panties firmly in
her mouth as they began to rip from the pressure put on the strained wet fabric.

	"SPLATTTT SPLATTTT SPLATTTT SPLATTTT SPLATTTT SPLATTTT SPLATTTT!!!!" as
the girl lost it and fell from her mothers pussy as she fell limp and passed
out.

	"Do you think that hundred tought her," he laughed as both adults looked
at her lifeless uncounscious body, pussy now dripping blood mixed with her young
white lubrication.

	"I think you deserve a little repayment for your services," mother said
seductive, gently placing Missy's head on the bed where she lay still. She stood
and reached over the girl's body parting her bloodied inner thighs. Then opening
the tight firm lips which housed the pink hole which now easily could be entered
with total ease by the multiple fingers of the mother.

	"I want to see your cock inside of my beautiful daughter," as mother
pulled down the jeans of Chris allowing his super hard cock to see fresh air.
Without hesitation he kneeled between the milky thighs and rammed his cock deep
inside in one motion. He began to push roughly, breaking the virgin cherry
making blood pour out along the narrow tunnel. The tightness of the pussy
required Chris to make little movement as Chris began to breath heavy. He grew
tense and started to pump very hard and pulled his cock out releasing the
trapped blood and mucas matter from the vagina as he pulled his member from her
narrow hole. Mother leaned in and covered his cock with her mouth enjoying the
blood, sweat, and girly juices before a stream of hot juice filled her mouth
causing her to choke slightly as she continued to suck.

	With Chris finished he pointed to the mess of blood and juices remaining
between the legs of the young girls battered body. Mother went to work as she
layed down next to the girl and reached her hand down her own soaking panties
and began to finger herself. She leaned in the red mess and began to lick the
puddle with her tongue as she continued to pleasure herself. She started then on
the bloodied body and slowly neared the inner thighs. The girl began to squirm
ever so slightly as the tongue rolled into her crack slightly and then into the
parted pussy. A slight moan then creeped from the body as the girls eyes slowly
opened. She was far too tired to move but could feel the pain of a hundred hard,
damaging impacts to her bloodied, mutilated body. She looked down only long
enough to see her mother rapidly licking between her legs, face spattered with
her bodily fluids. As Missy felt her body tense, she noticed her mother working
herself violently as Chris watched. Both mother and daughter began to moan
simaltaenously as the bodies joined in orgasm. Both shuddered as the daughter
passed out with mother laying quietly between her legs; her tongue rolling
slowly around her blood covered lips.

	Satisfied that the punishment had been sufficient for the night, Mother
regained her strength and reached for her shorts which lay a short distance away
on the floor. She slowly dressed and returned to her feet with a slight wobble
from the intense orgasm. Chris assisted her as they both surveyed the damage
done and began their future plans. Although the punishment was severe, mother
still knew that more was needed in order to teach the proper respect for
authority. Missy needed to learn her place as a submissive female and that meant
she would need more reassurance that she was a naughty disrespectful girl. Her
body would remind her, each lash and impact had made substantial marks. Many
lashes from the wire had pierced the skin where they had wrapped around and
caused damage as far up as the underside of her barely formed breast mound.
Certainly her bottom was completely black and blue, even as far south as her mid
thighs. Both Chris and mother knew she would not be able to hide these obvious
damages and most certainly would be quite the spectacle for her classmates.

	They started towards the door and looked back at the wretched slut one
time as they exited with a new agenda. Tommorow would be the first day of her
newly disciplined teen years. With proper training they would be assured to have
a teen that would listen and respect the people she was to be in contact with
unlike many of the teens the parents had encountered in their time.

	Mommy retreived a piece of paper and began to write a note to Missy's
principal that was to be distributed to all of her teachers which was as
follows:



To Whom it May Concern in regards to Missy Smith's education:

It has come to my attention as the mother of one Missy Smith that as of late
Missy has begun to lose her ability to properly respect authority which has
become a detriment to her learning capacity and skills in life situations. I
have punished her thoroughly for her negative behavior and tardiness through
means of corporal punishment which rendered her well marked and quite visibly
sorry for her actions. I intend to follow this pattern of behavior modification
for the remainder of her teen years or until adequate improvement is seen. I
feel it appropriate for any school official to punish Missy in any way seen fit
as long as no long term damage is done to her body that makes her physically
damaged to the extent that she cannot carry on with normal daily activities. I
also urge the use of public punishment as an incentive for her to not to commit
the acts that were rendered innaproppriate.

In addition to the powers I would like to grant, I would also be pleased if you
would assist in the finalization of her home punishment in this manner by
allowing her gym class to see the pain and damage inflicted upon her body. I
believe this will give her a much better respect for the other students who she
has delayed in her tardiness to the class as well as give her no reason to be
self conscious in the future. I would approve of both male and females if deemed
appropriate but would understand if only females could attend the showing. I
will make sure she is fully aware of the consequences for not obeying any order
given which could include but is not limited to: corporal punishment, humilation
punishments, sexual exposure or school conduct reprimands that are found
appropriate by the official in charge of punishment.

In closing I would like to stress the importance of her behavior to her future.
I hope you understand my position and will be willing to help Missy become the
girl that she should be.

Thank you,

Mrs. Smith



	Mommy folded the note neatly and sealed it in a security type envelope.
She set it on the table and sat down to rest. She began to doze off as Chris
left back for work, satisfied that his domestic work was done. Both Missy and
Mother slept for hours until early the next morning when Mother awakened. She
looked at the clock which read 5:00AM. She stood up and stretched, still wearing
her clothes from the previous day. She had a slight odor but was unphased by it.
She walked to Missy's room and opened the door to see the girl open her eyes in
response to the opening door.

	"Wake up baby," mother said, "its the first day of the rest of your
life."

	Missy opened her eyes moving slightly, realizing by her soreness in
every muscle and on every inch of her tissue between her knees and her breast
that she had not dreamed the previous events. Her bottom was sore and sensitive.
Her stomach and back ached from crying and the intense muscle movement and
stress her body had been put through. She felt damage on her other tissue as
black and blue welts with scabs covered her sensitive soft skin. Her pussy was
still throbbing, not only feeling stretched and bruised but also violated. She
could still feel leakage but wasn't sure at this point what exactly was leaking
which was very low on her list of things to worry about. She moved slightly
which caused great discomfort. Most was not pain from the impact but from the
amount of muscular strength that she had used to hold her position, forcing her
body to stay still against the strong pain stimuli which had begged her to move.
She managed to sit up and finally put her legs off the bed. Still naked she felt
very vulnerable with her whole adolescent body exposed.

	"Stand up sweety, we need to clean you up and dress you for school," she
smirked as she explained.

	"I can't go to school today Mommy, I am far to soar," Missy stated.

	"I took care of that, it should be an easy day anyway... I wrote a note
for you in a sealed envelope. Your teachers should understand when they read
it," mother stated.

	It sounded  reasonable to Missy but she had planned to dress very
conservatively for the day, knowing that the protective clothing would shield
her from prying eyes. Mother of course had a different dress code that Missy
would soon learn about.

	"I need to wash and disinfect you in the shower," mother said as she
helped the girl up. They walked down the hall to the bathroom where they
continued into the shower. Missy stood naked in the shower waiting for the
order. Without warning mother turned on the cold water causing Missy to jump out
of the waters path and avoiding the cold spray.

	"Stand in the water's path," mother instructed.

	The naked female stepped into the spray gently, slightly stopping to
catch her breath. Mother immediately started to rub the young girl down. Roughly
she rubbed the bruised skin causing the girl to cringe in pain and let out small
noises indicating her discomfort. Missy dared not challenge her mother after the
previous punishment she received. Mother grabbed the soap and lathered Missy up
well from neck down not touching the pussy area immediately. She washed the girl
well and rinsed her hair thoroughly before washing it and her face at the same
time. The she moved to the private sensitive areas which had sustained minor
lacerations on the lips but major bruising. She rubbed the soap bar vigorously
over the pussy and in the ass crack causing the girl to almost begin to cry. But
before she broke into sobs, it was over. Missy was cleaned.

	Her body cleaned up and looked much better. The welts were not raised
anymore and the redness had been mostly depleted. Bruising remained but was not
as terrible as Missy had imagined. The pain was still there but dull through her
body which didn't bother her too much.

	"I am going to dress you now, follow me," Mother said.

	The two entered Missy's room. Missy's eyes eyed the pool of blood on the
bed and the other stains on the sheets which reminded her of the nightmare
before. Mommy went to the drawer where Missy kept her clothes and began to rifle
through. She found a  short skirt and a small tank top which was years old. She
threw them to Missy and only looked at her signaling that her clothes were
picked.

	"No, please Mommy, the kids will pick on me," she pleaded.

	"NOW!" firmly reminded by her mother was all it took to seal the young
girls fate.

	Missy pulled the skirt up her legs and squeezed it over her thighs where
it barely covered her sacred area. Then she began to put on the halter top which
she could not manage to slip around herself. But with a little bit of effort she
managed to get it around herself while compressing her tiny breasts into
herself. It made her look closer to a slutty ten year old then a nice early teen
girl that she had prided herself on being. She glanced in the mirror and noticed
the visible bruising which was evident but dared not ask for a reprieve from her
mother. She knew the decision was final and that meant no panties either.

	Both went downstairs and had a somewhat normal breakfast where Mother
tryed to make things more normal after the events that she knew had changed
everything. She asked about Missy's friends and things of similar nature. By the
time they were done eating it was time for school. Missy grabbed her bag and
walked to the door. Mommy handed her the envelope which would seal her fate.

	"Give this to your teacher as soon as  you get to school," she
instructed, "I will call to make sure it is received."

	Missy exited the house and started to walk from the house. Her walk to
school was average with the exception of the slight pain and soreness she
encountered from the walk but didn't slow her down. She did notice the air up
her skirt touching her naked pussy causing her a bit worry. It also turned her
on a bit as she entered the school and joined her school mates.

	She walked directly in to her home room avoiding contact that would lead
to questioning by anyone. She had noticed others looking at her bruising but by
ignoring the stares she felt as if she was undetected. Approaching the desk she
gave the teacher the note. Standing in front of him, he opened it. His eyes
widened as he eyed up the girls body, noticing the many damaged areas. He
continued to read as his eyes alternated from the girl to the paper.

	"Good enough," he remarked, as he finished, "I will make the necessary
adjustments and notify the others involved."

	Missy not knowing exactly what was in the note looked inquisitively
towards him. She began, "What adjustments do you mean?" as she looked at him
with a worried look.

	"Just a bit of closure for your gym class that has dealt with your
nonsense for the past month," he replied, "you will find out soon enough."

	Missy's heart began to race as she slowly walked back to her seat. She
sat as the teacher began talk to the still roudy class as he slowly settled them
into their seats. Missy zoned out as he began to talk. Hours of school went by
before gym class had arrived. She walked the hall to the locker room and arrived
on time. Her teacher was waiting. He stood waiting at the enterance where he
told her that she was to be punished for her actions. She had thought that she
had payed her dept with the beating she had received but was sorely mistaken.

	"Take your clothes off," he ordered.

	Missy removed her clothing and was escorted into the locker room where
the girls stood in a line. All were clothed except poor Missy.

	"Apologize to each girl in line and hope they accept your apology," he
said.

	The whole class snickered in unison looking at the bruised girl. They
pointed and talked amongst themselves noting different parts of interest. Some
point to the midsection and its wire marks, some pointed at the edges of the
back they could see, and others pointed at the inflamed ravaged pussy. As the
blushing girl approached the first girl she was greeted with a SLAP across the
face leaving a hand print which quickly colored in red. A slight sob came out of
the girl but she remained firm and apoligized as politely as possible.

	"Good Jenny," the teacher replied to the incident as he watched the girl
laugh while she turned away.

	Missy apologized one after the other to the girls, some walking away in
disgust, others slapping or punching the young girl as they left; all going on
as the teacher encouraged the abuse. The line came to an end with a thin, well
built black girl. She looked Missy directly as Missy began her apology,
"Sorr-,".

	Interupting the apology the black teen started, "You won't disrespect me
slut, ON YOUR KNEES NOW!!"

	The teen pulled down her pants exposing her white thong. She stand in
front of Missy with her pants down wearing only a thong. The girl put her long
black fingers between her legs and moved her white thong slightly over revealing
her budding pussy.

	"I have to piss, and you have to drink it," she said as she guided
Missy's head towards her uncovered treasure.

	As Missy approached the pussy she noticed a certain smell. The girl was
quite musty smelling and had a fishy odor to her. Not relenting the girl shoved
Missy's face and mouth over her pussy as she began to pee. Some went into
Missy's mouth, other went on her face and ran down her body. She began to gag as
she swallowed to sour piss, her head still pinned in position.

	"Swallow it slut," the girl instructed as the whole crowd began to
cheer.

	Missy swallowed as much as she could before being dropped and falling
into the remaining urine on the floor. In humiliation Missy sat trying to ignore
the comments and looks she was receiving. She looked up to see another ass right
in her face.

	"Eat my shit," a twelve year old girl laugh as she started to push a
soft wet piece of shit out of her ass. It landed inches from Missy's nose which
nearly caused her to puke. The twelve  year old girl grabbed Missy by the head
and shoved her face into the pile of shit in front of her covering her face. The
girls and teacher laughed as tears began to stream from the girl. A WHHHIIPPPPPP
noise sounded followed by a loud crack as a girl came hard across the young
Missy's thigh with a jump rope causing her to shake.

	"EAT THE SHIT NOW!!!!" she yelled.

	Missy opened her mouth and neared it as the crowd yelled in excitement.
She started to eat it causing her to gag as a reflex to the horrible taste. She
continued eating and finally got used to the taste as she finished the pile or
still steaming shit. Her mouth and surrounding areas of her face were covered in
the brown paste and her hair was matted in several areas from a mix of piss and
shit. Missy began to cry creating a roar of excitement from the gathered crowd.

	A girl Missy had known from class, Tracy, had stepped from the crowd,
clearly beleiving the punishment had gone to far. She was wearing tight light
blue jeans and a pink tee shirt. She was 13 years old too and felt bad for the
mutilated Missy. She came to the crying, filthy girl and reached out, grabbing
her hand. Missy reached back,  slightly comforted by the girls hand as her sobs
died down. The crowd jeered in dissapproval but began to disperse. They began to
file pass the pathetic girl allowing her to rest on the floor without further
incident.

	"I'm, sorry this had to happen Missy," Tracy said as she continued to
stroke the girls hand."Lets get you cleaned up."

	"Thank you," she stuttered almost in tears from the relief and kindness
the girl offered.

	Tracy began to pull Missy's hand, helping her gently up, taking note of
the vicious damage to the girls body. Tracy could smell the vile piss and shit
which covered the girls body but was not bothered by it. As Missy came to her
feet, Tracy braced her, grabbing her shoulder and putting her arm around her as
she led her to the shower area being careful not to put pressure on any of the
sensitive areas of Missys broken down body.

	They entered the locker room shower area, consisting of about 30
seperate shower heads in a room tiled with dirty yellowish tiles. The fully
clothed Tracy continued leading the naked Missy below a shower head in the
middle of the room.

	"You don't mind if I clean off with you?" Tracy asked with a sweet look
on her face, "I got kind of messy bringing you over."

	"I d-d-don't m-m-m-ind," Missy said, knowing she couldn't argue with the
girl who had just rescued her in her state of need.

	"Great," Tracy replied.

	Tracy began to take off her  clothes begining with an flattering but
somewhat loose fitting pink tee shirt which exposed her white undershirt which
covered her almost flat chest. Tracy then began to remove the tight undershirt
that slowly revealed her tiny mounds and perky hard nipples. She stood now
toppless, Missy doing her best not to check out the girl more intimately,
especially not wanting to offend her savior. Tracy continued stripping as she
unbuttoned the top of her jeans and slowly zipped down the zipper to the bottom
of its track, now exposing her tight young girl panties with a very generic top
stitching. Her jeans slowly rolled down her legs exposing a milky young skin on
the front of her thighs. Missy glanced multiple times observing as much as she
could about the young girl only seeing partial views of each frontal part of the
girls body. The jeans slipped down past her knees as the girl bent down causing
her tiny titties to barely move with the doubled over position. Tracy removed
the jeans completely as she slid her hand gently down the waistband of her tight
panties. She slid around the waistband slowly with her hands, as she looked to
Missy. The young Missy's eyes were staring intently, now awaiting the unvailing.

	"My daddy beats me too," Tracy blurted, causing Missy's eyes to quickly
shift to the other girls eyes and immediately down after scanning the young
girls tiny body.

	Not knowing what to say, Missy offered, "I'm sorry," looking away from
the akward conversation.

	"I like it now," she replied, "I mean, it makes me wet now, but it
really hurts."

	Both young girls looked away, Tracy's hands still around the waistband
of her panties, moving her hands gently around, slightly embarassed about the
final reveal but desperately needing to show someone her bruised bottom.
Although Tracy was self conscious of the marks, she felt compelled to share her
pain and to feel not alone as a teen girl who still was spanked regularly. She
looked to Missy who was now nearly unphased by the earlier incident she had
suffered as Tracy began to pull her panties down, showing her hairy bush which
must have been trimmed based on the length of the hair. The panties dropped to
the floor as she kicked them away. The motion of the kick allowed Missy to see a
side view of the girl revealing her mildly marked bottom which failed in
severity compared to her own.

	"Can I feel your bruises and welts?" Tracy asked with an unsure tone.

	Missy approached without saying a word and grabbed the girls hand. She
slowly brought it to her stomach area which was welted and very bruised. She
gently rubbed the young girls hand over the sore skin before letting the hand go
to let it explore itself. The girl continued to feel the girl moving from the
front, to the sides and finally to the back. She apparently was not turned off
by the smell off the shit and piss which had been dispensed upon the girl as she
pressed her body tight against Missy's body causing Missy to tingle with
pleasure.

	"Lets wash you off now," Tracy offered as she reached for the handle.

	The water sprayed out with a rush causing the girls to each shiver with
the early cold streak before the water became slightly warm. Water began to run
down the girls bodies and through their hair causing a bit of discoloration in
the water as the matter washed off of Missy. Tracy reached towards Missy and
began to run her hand through her hair to clean out any stuck matter in her
hair. She then began to systematically rub Missy neck and face area before
reaching the tiny breasts. Tracy began by rubbing gently on the breasts in large
circular motions, then concentrating on the nipple area. Tracy moved her head in
towards the breast and began to suck on the young hard nipples as water rushed
down the body into the innocent face of Tracy.

	Missy let out a tiny moan as her eyes closed with the excitement. She
could feel herself becoming aroused and knew that her pussy was not only wet
from the pouring shower but very slippery from the young pussy juices that would
soon break the seal at the lips of her pussy. Missy began to move her hips as
Tracys lips and tongue made rings around her nipples. Missy's moans continued as
Tracy mouth started to lower its destination to the tight midsection of the
early teen Missy. Missy could feel the tongue tracing the welts and weals that
had formed from the intense punishment of the previous day and she was extremely
turned on by it as her eyes opened to see Tracys tongue go into overdrive as it
approached her hip bones. Tracy now went down on her knees and lookes up as the
water poored onto her face which now was inches from the slippery slit. Tracy
wanting to tease the young girl more, pushed Missy's legs wide apart as she
began to suck her thighs inches above the knees. She went from front to the
inner part of the thighs, the between her legs turning to suck on the backs of
the firm thighs which were heavily damaged.

	"Lick my ass, I am SSOOOOO horny," Missy moaned.

	"I hope it tastes as good as it looks," Tracy laughed in a playful sexy
voice as she slid between the girls legs, turned around and grabbed tight on the
ass cheeks spreading them.

	Causing slight discomfort in the battered state of Missys bottom she 
gently pulled away in reflex, quickly returning the now swaying mounds back into
the sweet pleasuring hands of Tracy. Tracy's head pulled towards Missy as she
stuck her tongue square onto the tight asshole of the girl causing her to
tremble in pleasure as a sharp moan of pleasure escaped her. Without warning a
finger entered her ass followed by two fingers in Missys tight pussy hole
causing a rush of sweet pussy juice to run along Tracys hand into the stream of
clean shower water.

	"Tasty," Tracy said as she began to lick the juices remaining off her
hand as she began to lick the stuffed young pussy.

	Her tongue ran quickly around the pussy from the back before the girl
went through the girls legs again switching to the front as she looked into the
face, in ectasy from the  double penetration. Tracy quickly started on the front
of the pussy slit as she started to suck on the young girls clit, licking and
flicking with her tongue causing a unrelenting moan from the young girl. Tracy
watched Missy's face as she licked, looking very sexy as the girl continued to
moan. Tracy could feel the pussy tightening up for orgasm as both fingers
remained filling the holes, Missy stimulated be the three way activitied of
filled ass and pussy and licked clit. Juices began to stream out the young girl
and she screamed in total pleasure, her pussy now squeezing the finger and
sucking it into the super tight hole. Missy began to shake at the knees as her
orgasm closed as she gently put her self to the floor, resting in the gentle
stream of water. Tracy removed her fingers gently and began to clean the girls
pussy out, sucking the tasty juices out before resting her head on Missy's tight
stomach still in the stream of water.

	Ten minutes went by before the girls got up, Tracy's clothes soaked by
the shower and Missy's clothes outside. The first girl to get up was Tracy. She
pulled herself to her feet and then reached to Missy. Missy gently grasped her
new friends hand, still dazed from the pussy pleasing orgasm she had just
received. The both slowly came back to reality. Tracy bent over as Missy stared
at the tight bottom and firm young pussy between the girl's thighs as Tracy
picked up her soaking wet clothes. Missy turned away as the girl stood erect as
they both exited the shower room in unison.

	"Let's dry my wet clothes off and get dressed," Tracy suggested as she
began to wring the water from her wet panties. Missy was still naked but helped
by wringing the girls tee shirt out. Tracy set down the panties as she grabbed a
towel from the towel stack. She dried herself from head to toe, also drying her
hair as best she was able. Tracy started to wrestle her tight panties up her
still wet legs as they tightly grabbed her legs upon their rise from the
remaining moisture in the panties.  She began to cover her hairy bush with the
panties, the dampness making her pussy hair visible through the wet cotton.
Tracy's wet shirt slowly seesawed its way down the thin body as it covered her
midrift. Next Missy handed the wet girl her soaked jeans which neither girl
could figure a way to dry.

	"I guess my wet legs will go with my wet pussy," Tracy smiled, "but I'm
not staying at school in wet clothes. Lets get you dressed and go to my house.
Nobody is home."

	Missy walked to her skirt and shirt and picked up a dry towel. She
toweled herself off and put on her dry clothes.

	"What if my mom finds out we ditched school?" Missy asked. "She will
certainly beat me again and I don't know if I can handle another beating like
that."

	"I will make it worth it," she bribed, "and she won't find out anyway
because the other teachers won't care."

	Missy thought about it. She obviously did not want a repeat of the
previous day as her flesh was at the threshold of damage it could withstand. But
she certainly didn't want to turn away the girl who went so far out of her way
to help her in her desperate position. She looked again at the damp girl in her
wet jeans as she pictured her succulent hairy pussy. The image quickly switched
to a heavy extension cord beating the back, front and every nook and cranny of
her own fragile body. After several long moments of thought Missy had made up
her mind.

	"I guess I can go as long as I make it back to my house on time," Missy
compromised.

	"I knew you would see things my way," Tracy giggled as she reached and
grasped Missy's hand tightly.

	The two walked out of the locker room and down the hall, one damp and
wet, the other pantiless and beaten.... both wet and lubricated between their
thin built pubescent legs as they walked towards the door. They held hands as
they exited the school and began the walk home.

	They arrived shortly after and approached the large house surrounded by
trees. They both walked up the steps to the porch and opened the front door.
Tracy opened the door cautiously making sure noone was home. After a few seconds
she was convinced that everybody who lived at the house was gone. She pulled
Missy by her hand into her living room.

	"This is the living room," she noted.

	"You sure have a nice house," Missy added.

	"Thanks," Tracy replied.

	"Lets go up to my room so I can get out of these wet clothes," Tracy
said.

	The two girls headed up the stairs past the lavishly decorated stairway
and through the pricey looking upstairs. As they came to the end of the hall a
young teen girls smell became stronger. Missy identified the smell as a mix
between various hand creams and body fragrences that could be cheaply purchased
at the mall mixed with the undefinable smell of a young girl. As they approached
the smell became stronger and almost overwhelming as they approached the  white
door with a pink sign that read "Princess". They both entered the door as Missy
got a feel for the room. She looked around at the messy room, seeing small tops,
short shorts and panties thrown about. Her dresser was scattered with half used
makeup products and lined with bottles of body sprays and tubes of moisturizing
creams which were haphazardously placed. Her walls had pictures of Britney
Spears and other pop idols of the time. Missy continued scanning the room, her
eyes stopping at a paddle hanging on the wall.

	"What's that?" Missy inquired, already knowing the answer but begging
for details in her own way.

	"Daddy used to paddle me with it when I was bad. I can't take it down or
he will give me a real beating. Its mostly for show because he usually beats me
with anything that is handy at the time. Last time I was bad he unbuckled my own
belt," Tracy exlained as she pointed to a thick leather belt with metal rivets
every half inch continuing to explain, "then pulled down my jeans and beat me
over my panties. It left holes all over my butt and even broke the skin a few
times where it hit my bare skin on my legs."

	"Did it hurt?" Missy coached.

	"Of course!" Tracy responded.

	"Did  you cry?" she pryed.

	"Not at first but then my pussy..." Tracy started.

	"You pussy what?" Missy asked knowing already what Tracy would say as
she was experienced in the effects of a good bottom spanking.

	"I-i-i-i-t started to ______," Tracy said as she paused, then continued,
"you know, leak"

	"My pussy gets wet when I get spanked too," Missy noted in relief,
knowing now that her reaction was more normal than she had thought.

	"But than Daddy saw and he hit me harder," Tracy said as she looked
away, "and it kept dripping until he did other things."

	Missy could feel herself getting wet, knowing that her pussy was near
saturation. She allowed her weight to switch feet as she moved to shift her
vagina. She could feel the slick slime create a barrier for the two lips as they
slid against each other causing her to become more aroused.

	"What else did he do?" Missy continued needing more details.

	"He put his thing in me and it started to bleed," Tracy said in a low
voice, "I cried while he was doing it and I begged him to stop."

	"My step dad did the same thing, but it didn't hurt too bad," Missy
said, "but I was pretty out of it from my beating. I think I like having my
pussy filled."

	"Me too," Tracy chimed in, her eyes wet from the tears that had began to
seep out, "but Daddy left his stuff inside me and told me not to tell anyone."

	"My step dad and mom did things to my pussy," Missy added, "but I don't
remember much and I was the only one to touch myself before so I don't know what
is normal."

	Tracy looked at Missy and gave her a smile. "I really like you Missy,"
she said, "and I want to do something."

	"I like you too," Missy said as she stepped towards her new friend, "and
I want you to do whatever makes you happy," she added as she pulled Tracy's hand
between her legs and up her skirt, pulling it into the wet flesh between.

	"Then lay on the bed," Tracy said as she pointed at the bed, "I want to
spank you."

	"If thats what you want me to do," Missy said in a sexual tone,
deviating from her normal innocent tone.

	Missy walked to the bed and plopped herself onto the soft bed. She
positioned herself on her back and opened her legs just wide enough to see up
her skirt into her bad private areas. It was inviting to Tracy but she calmly
looked away and walked towards the paddle on the wall. She removed it slowly and
walked back to Missy.

	"Pull that skirt up and hold your get on your hands and knees!" Tracy
barked causing a flood of fluids into the young bald pussy of Missy.

	Missy jumped quickly into position while pulling her skirt up revealing
her marked up ass and the bruised up upper thighs. She bent down and stuck her
ass up high, her legs spread enough to see clearly the pussy protruding from
between the legs, but held tight enough together to note the girls protection
over her highly sensitive region. A slight wetness could be seen at the crack of
the pussy slit where her arousal was obvious.

	"THHHUUDD!!" as the paddle cracked the young girls bottom.

	"NOOOOOO, ITTT HURTSSS!!" Missy screamed obiviously in pain.

	Without pause another sharp crack of the paddle pounded the buttocks at
the same spot. Missy moaned and had a slight whine under her breath but didn't
say anything. She wiggled her bottom and looked back to see Tracy pulling
herself out of her tight jeans and ripping her panties down her thighs. She came
around to the front of the bed and pulled Missy by her hair up towards her. She
pulled Missy up to her face and pulled looked into her eyes.

	"Eat my pussy out bitch," she yelled as she shoved Missy's head down
toward her hairy bush. Tracy lifted her leg and put her foot on the bed, opening
her legs for Missy to see.

	Missy looked at the hairy pussy and the slit that hid in the bush. She
reached her hand into the hair to spread the hairy gateway as she approached
cautiously with her tongue. Not knowing what to expect, she gently touched the
exposed slit and pushed her tongue gently into the lips. Tracy moaned lightly
and gently closed her eyes, quickly opening them as Missy withdrew.

	"Make me come in your mouth," Tracy said sternly.

	Missy began licking the slit sticking her tongue inside the girl. As she
continued she notices the young girls love juices seeping out as they entered
her mouth. Missy reached her one left hand back as she held herself up with her
right hand, still licking the hairy mess with her tongue, gently kissing it
intermidently as she began to finger her own pussy which had began to leak down
her inner thigh. Vigorously Missy licked the pussy from top to bottom, finger
fucking the tight hairy pussy quickly as she brought the girl closer to orgasm.
Tracy began to moan loadly as her body began to grow weak with the impending
orgasm.

	"STTOOOPPPP," Tracy yelled as she grabbed Missy's hair and pulled it
away from her vagina. Missy slowed her fingers pace in her own vagina and looked
up at the girl innocently. Her finger remained in her own pussy as she gently
pulled her other hand away and looked submissively into Tracy's eyes.

	"What is the matter baby?" Missy asked sweetly.

	"I think you need more punishment," Tracy sternly added, "and its going
to have to be a little harder."

	"What are you going to do to me," Missy questioned.

	"I am not doing anything, you are," Tracy answered.

	"What do you mean?" Missy said as she looked inquisitively at Tracy, who
now looked more sexy than ever.

	Tracy walked over to her dresser and opened the bottom drawer. She dug
through a mess of old papers and personal items and pulled at a large dildo. It
was about 8 inches long and about the thickness of a can of soda. Missy looked
as her eyes widened, turned on by the sight of the large item. She looked hard
and considered the size carefully as she thought about the discomfort caused by
more than one finger and her step fathers puny sized penis in comparison. She
began to ache in her soaked private area from the mere thought.

	"I don't think that is going to fit in my tiny pussy," Missy said
seductively, still turned on but knowing that definate pain would be guaranteed
by the entrance of the monster cock.

	"I'm not going to make you put this in your pussy, you don't have to
worry," Tracy reassured looking at the tender girls bruised body, "its for you
asshole."

	Missy looked in disbelief, never considering an item would ever fit in
her tight ass. Fingers were tolerable but only fit in with gentle finesse and
filled the hole quite generously. Tracy picked up a tube of girly flavored
moisturizing cream and walked towards the bed. She popped the top of the tube
off and began to squeeze a generous amount onto the dildo. When a large glob had
covered the tip, Tracy continued by rubbing the thick fluid onto the shaft of
the dildo.

	"If you put this whole cock into your ass, you may do whatever you want
to me," Tracy bribed as she brought the dildo towards the bed and closer to the
girl.

	"B-but its too big," Tracy said in a low voice, "I can't fit it inside"

	"Then you can lay there until you want to try," Tracy said in a tough
voice as she held the dildo within reach of the petrified girl.

	Missy reached for the dildo and grasped it just below Tracys hand
looking the big hard cock from top to bottom. She ran her finger from top to
bottom and then grabbed it mid way up the shaft try and gauge its flexibility.
She was surprised by its stiffness as she wrapped her fingers around it, not
being able to touch her thumb to her index finger on her small thirteen year old
hands.

	"Can I have the cream to lube myself up," Missy asked with empathy being
her primary goal.

	"I suppose," Tracy said, "but I don't want it to slide up too easy;
thats just no fun," she finished with a giggle handing the tube to the now very
nervous girl.

	Missy opened the tube of moisturizer and smelled the sweet teeny bopper
fragrence which it emitted. She  turned the tube upside down and shook it hard
to usher the moisturizer to the bottom of the tube for the release. She began to
squeeze the top downward beginning the flow as she held her hand to the bottom
to catch the run of lubrication. When an ample amount had been dispensed she
held the tube tightly and pushed to flip open lid against her body to close the
tubular container. She then proceeded to dip her unlubricated fingers into the
pile to get a generous helping on her fingers. Reaching in between her legs she
passed her pussy from the front, making sure to get a slight rub to stimulate
her sex craving pussy. Her slim fingers inched towards her crack as she began to
lubricate the entrance way guarded by the two flesh globes that still were very
tender to the touch. As her finger touched to puckered hole she gasped from the
cold cream that she had applied. She gently massaged the hole to soften it for
the impending stretch to be performed. The massage went deep and started to
penetrate the waiting asshole. A slight cringe washed over her face as Tracy
watched in delight as the girl's tiny hole expanded with the first finger.

	Missy became content with the finger inside her tight canal almost
instantly, soothed by the smooth lubricating cream applied that had coated her
inside. She gently removed the finger and brought her cream holding hand to her
crack as she gently spread it in the waiting valley. She brought both hand back
around her sides as she spread her cheeks wide with each hand pulling hard on
the round bottom. Sliding her right hand towards the hole. As she touched it,
she brought two fingers together as she pushed them into the hole with a moan of
pained pleasure. She worked the fingers in and out slowly increasing the pace as
she went. She continued her campaign to stretch the now softened hole by
sticking a third finger in, followed by a fourth.

	Tracy was terribly turned on by the display as she started to finger her
pussy rubbing her slick slit slowly. Missy continued almost not noticing the
young girls enjoyment.

	Four fingers now work the asshole as she slowly spread the fingers as
wide as she was able, gasping as the asshole expanded painfully. She left her
fingers in the tight hole as she reached for the large waiting cock on the bed.
She picked it up and brought it around to her backside as she removed her deeply
planted fingers. She guided the large penis into her crack and slid it from
front to back along the long crack. She pushed the cock against the expanded
hole and began to push. It had not been expanded enough by the tiny fingers to
fit the large toy and thus required the young teen to push harder causing her to
cry out in pain.

	"It won't go in," Missy cryed nearly in tears as she began to sob
knowing she had dissapointed her friend.

	"If you push harder it will go in," Tracy reminded as she gently rubbed
her pussy to entice the young slut.

	Missy continued to push harder and harder until the head of the beast
popped into her ass causing a loud scream followed by a whimper.

	"You did the hard part, just slide it in now," Tracy encouraged now
fingering her own pussy slowly.

	Missy gently started to push as the cock entered her ass, now about 2
inches into her canal. Her whimper continued as she pushed making headway at a
very slow pace. The pressure mounted causing the barely teen girl to try to
rearrange her wait to accomidate the large item in her rectum. She pulled the
massive stick slightly back, hoping she could create a gentle momentum as she
pushed it back into the slightly stretched portion she had already entered. She
pushed back up into the hole and the cock slid smoothly up causing a great deal
of pain and a feeling that reminded her of having to go to the bathroom.

	The cock slid mostly up as it filled her tiny bowels causing tears to
start to well up in Missy's eyes in pain. She held the cock up deep in her ass
as she began to ask, "Is it far enough in."

	"Stand up and come over to me," Tracy instructed as she motioned Missy
over with her finger.

	Missy slowly rolled to the edge of the bed as her soar body rubbed
acrossed it. As she stood up her ass felt as if it had filled even more from the
new upright position. She hobbled towards the sexy young girl and approached
her, her aroused pussy now in her face.

	"Turn around honey," Tracy asked sweetly, looking around to get an early
glimpse of the punished ass.

	Missy began turning as Tracy studied the ass. She looked at the large
plastic stick coming out from the cheeks, only protruding about 3 inches from
the opening of the hole and about 2 and a half inches from the larger end stop
of the plastic. Without warning Tracy swung her hand into the plug firmly
causing it to plunge the rest of the way into the ass, in the process sending
Missy to the floor in pain, screaming as her body writhed in pain, beginning a
steady cry for mercy.

	"Your all done baby," Tracy congratulated.

	Missy still lay on the floor fully stuffed crying now rolling back and
forth without any attempt to remove the large object. Tracy kneeled on the floor
next to the girl and kissed her on the cheek to sooth and calm the young girl.
She gently reached down and gripped the end of the dildo as she stroked the
girls tear covered face. Slowly she pulled the cock out, inch by inch causing a
non-stop whine from the harsh discomfort. By the time it was removed the girl
was thoroughly soaked from her own tears and still sobbed uncontrollably on the
floor.

	Tracy moved towards her ass to see the damage as she spread the cheeks.
The well dialate hole was well opened and obviously soar from the red ring which
still was covered in cream. Tracy caressed the hole causing a soothing swell to
come over the area. She leaned her face in and gently brought it between Missy's
thighs as she started to tongue the still somewhat aroused pussy. Back and forth
her soft soothing tongue slid from front to back of the pussy, carefully staying
away from the cream which covered the insides of her ass cheeks. The tongue ran
to the front of the pussy slowly before stopping directly on her hot young love
button. Tracy traced her tongue around the swollen know and began to narrow the
circular range to the clitoris. Missy's pussy began to react as the girl
continued her loving kisses to the bald pussy. Missy's sobs began to subside as
light sounds of pleasure began to take over. Her crying had stopped from the
immense pain from the ass expansion had been replaced with a steady flow of
pleasure.

	The pussy juices began to flow on both girls but Tracy did not touch her
pussy. She continued to pleasure the girl as if her only mission was the pure
pleasure of the tight slit. Even as Missy brought her own hands down to aid the
pussy's pleasure, Tracy kept her hand within range to aid the young girl who had
endured her wrath. Tracy's tongue continued tracing the edge of the slit until
she could tell the pain had been completely replaced by ectasy as Missy swayed
her hips trying to make herself cum quickly. Tracy dove her tongue into the
waiting hole as a sharp yelp of excitement came from Missy's mouth.

	"Deeper," Missy yelled in a frantic sexual tone.

	Tracy stuck her middle finger up the tight walls which joined her tongue
as she now more violently worked the hole. The pussy began to seep young hot
pussy juices into the waiting young girls mouth which fueled her furious pussy
play even further as she entered another finger into the tight hole. Now working
the tongue quickly around the pussy walls to compliment her submerged fingers,
Tracy expanded her range again now encompassing the hole slit from top to
bottom. As she moved towards the bottom she tasted the moisturizing cream which
had mixed with the juices and began to seep up into the bottom of the pussy. She
was unphased by the taste and began to even licked harder and rougher, turned on
by the girly tastes. As she reached the top of the slit she again focused on the
clit and flicked it with her tongue as she finger fucked the girls slippery
hole. A constant moan came from the girls mouth as Tracy's fingers began to feel
the pressure of the walls holding tight to her fingers. The walls continued to
tighten as the young girl now screamed while her pussy grew tighter around the
fingers. The young tight pussy began to spasm and hot pussy juice squirted out
as the young girl screamed, Tracy's fingers now sucked tightly into the pussy as
her mouth pulled down to catch the squirting mess of juices which came out.
Missy's moans died down as Tracy licked her lips and the remaining fluids from
around the young girls lower body. Both girls covered in sweat and bodily fluids
rested peacefully.

	"I told you that you could have whatever you wanted if you did what I
told you," Tracy smiled, "What do you want to do?"

	Missy could barely think but she knew exactly what she wanted to do.

	"The same thing tommorow, but I think you need to spank me a little
harder," Missy said with a smile.

	Missy got up and grabbed her clothes and put them back on her body
quickly as Tracy lay there. As she walked to the door she smiled at the girl
laying on the bed, "See you tommorow," as she continued down the hall and down
the steps before exiting the house.

	Missy began her way home not caring what happened, not bothered by the
thought of punishment. She knew this was the first day of the rest of her life
and she liked it.



			THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Twentythree


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





