BDSM Library - Releasing The Slave Within




Releasing The Slave Within
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A castle serves ideal shelter from the rain, but has Andrew bitten off more than he could chew?Releasing the slave within. 
A story of submission, pleasure and spanking. 
By Gemma Jones 
Andrew staggered through the pouring rain, by now his clothes offered little
  or no protection from the weather. He was gradually getting closer to the floor
  as he had been walking these desolate roads for days without food, water or
  indeed company. 
He was not fully aware of that which he was searching for, or even why, 5
  days ago he had informed his boss he was having a early 20's crisis and needed
  to go in search of something he did not fully understand. Of course, his boss,
  after his little outburst was more than happy to make him redundant, giving
  Andrew a small but substantial amount of money to begin his perilous journey
  into the unknown. 
The past 3 days had seen him pack many supplies, a sleeping bag, tinned food,
  cleaning articles, pots and pans all in a huge rucksack, at first the heat
  had been unbearable, burning down on him mercilessly, keeping a watchful eye,
  ensuring Andrew's abused skin stayed in the baking heat all day long. Gradually
  the sun turned into cloud, which darkened almost to the point of total darkness
  in the middle of the day, before parting the heavens above it and drenching
  the arid earth with rain. 
The first night saw Andrew's tent torn to shreds by scattered rain and wind,
  it eventually tore away from its fixings in the ground and was lost forever
  into a nearby forest. Downhearted, but not about to give up Andrew slept, naked,
  allowing the warm rain drench his milky flesh until dawn gave way to another
  glorious day. 
The second day, much the same as the first began with Andrew absentmindedly
  forcing himself to eat, a habit instilled in him by his mother during his upbringing,
  and as he sat, sipping coffee he pondered his situation and the very foundations
  of his life. Bringing no answers, and no comfort he dressed, and continued
  down the road that seemed to be pulling him along, stopping only to gaze at
  more unusual and beautiful flowers and plants. 
Gradually, as day turned to night, and the temperature dared to drop just
  a little, the familiar smell and close heat informed Andrew of the tough night
  he faced, again minus the tent. So, like the night before, he stripped naked,
  taking care to remain hidden in the woods and laid down to sleep...... 
Sometime, during the deepest part of the night, Andrew began gently twitching,
  his hands gripping the drenched forest floor beneath him then releasing. Beneath
  the layers of sleep she spoke to him, her voice sounded as gentile as a passing
  whisper, as tempting as that of the mermaids who beckon ill-fated seamen to
  their treacherous rocks. When she spoke, music spilled from her luscious, filled
  red lips. When she moved it was like grace personified, her every movement
  had him aching to touch her. But deep instilled in him was the knowledge she
  was out of bounds, and him her lowly slave. 
Finally as the sun rose lazily on the third day, slowly drying out the ground
  around his naked skin Andrew woke with a start, so hard he was throbbing, his
  warm blood pulsing through his stiff member drumming in his ears, behind his
  eyes until it took him over, wrapping his long, nimble fingers around his beating
  shaft and slowly starting the path to climax and fulfilment. It did not take
  him long as the dream he had experienced the night before gave him more than
  sufficient stimulus to bring him into the most delicious, naughty climax he
  had experienced in quite some time, including the women he'd slept with. 
That morning Andrew sipped his steaming coffee with a feeling of fulfilment
  and a big childish grin on his face. He felt more than ready to face the day,
  and began once again after dressing to follow the road which felt right, it
  almost seemed to call out to him. But tragedy was never far behind. Shortly
  after noon, Andrew was sitting on his backpack picking eagerly at some stale
  bread and cheese, coffee sitting obediently at his side, as he took his last
  mouthful and stood facing the way he was heading he hiked his backpack onto
  his shoulders. As he took his first step, out of nowhere he heard the sound
  of an engine, figuring he could hitch a ride Andrew turned in just enough time
  to see the car skid to a halt behind him, the occupants of the car, two big
  built men, both with ragged unshaven faces. They ran at him and grabbed his
  rucksack roughly he fought against them, but they brought out a pair of flick
  knives, and knowing his hunting knife was buried deep in his rucksack figured
  it was more than his life ' s worth and threw all his worldly possessions at
  them. Turning on his heels he ran, and didn't stop until he passed out, lost
  deep in the forest. 
What seemed like a lifetime later Andrew's hearing returned bringing him sharply
  back to reality, miles away from home, unsure of the distance of his destination,
  the only thing left to do was walk, and walk he did. The rain now became relentless,
  beating down on him, slowly breaking his spirit that just a few hours was high,
  and hopeful for his future, and now, as that future grew further distant and
  bleak, Andrew's tears and gentile sobs mixed with the rain and wind around
  him, going unheard. 
That night, as Andrew tried to sleep, the rain pounding his skin and the ground
  around him he was plunged into a dark, deep sleep. She came to him again, this
  time telling him to continue his journey, the concern in her voice evident.
  Andrew moaned, reaching his arms out into the night sky, but in his dreams
  he nearly touched her velvet skin. Back in reality this thought was enough
  to bring him to a shuddering climax, covering himself and the ground around
  him with warm spunk. 
The next day, Andrew put on his soaking clothes, with nothing better to do
  he carried on walking always thinking of the anonymous goddess in his dreams,
  she kept him alive, kept him walking in the same direction hour after hour.
  Over and over he replayed her words, her soothing voice his saviour. 
Sometime during the mid afternoon the rain held off, giving the sun time to
  make an appearance, Andrew took this time to sit, and dry off, to scavenge
  the ground for something to eat. Several exhausting hours later he was tucking
  into char grilled pheasant pleased with his achievement, those survival courses
  he did in work actually came in handy. He never understood until now, why anyone
  would need survival classes in an office. Although come staff party nights,
  it was every man for himself. 
After a short sleep, Andrew stood up, felt his stomach churn, trying his best
  to ignore it he continued down the road, just as the rain began to beat once
  again. Another long day, and sleepless night later the rain continued to beat
  down on him, she never came to him again. His memories were beginning to fade,
  he felt as if he might be becoming delusional, imagining things. Thinking his
  life needed changing when it didn't. Again tears of angst and unknowing flowed
  freely from his shining blue eyes. The last thing he remembered was feeling
  sleepy, he fell gently to his knees, succumbing to the heavy feeling, the comforting
  darkness enveloping. 
She came from nowhere, her crimson cape billowing in the wind, her hood drawn
  over her face, protecting her from the elements, the rain didn't seem to touch
  her. Her heavy boot clad feet hardly touched the floor, making no noise, she
  paced confidently, not rushing, scooping Andrew's limp body into strong arms,
  but not feeling his weight. As suddenly as she came, she walked off into the
  pouring rain, just another figure in the darkening afternoon. 
Andrew woke up slowly groggily pushing away many heavy layers of sleep. Opening
  his eyes he started to drink in his surroundings, he was lying in a huge bed,
  drenched in black and red silk sheets, his head buried in downy pillows of
  the same material, the felt cool and soothing on his head and naked skin. When
  his eyes allowed him to focus beyond two feet in front of him. The room was
  dimly lit, gentile moonlight shone through the huge windows, the rain beating
  a steady rhythm against the glass. The room appeared to be sparse, two doors,
  hard, heavy oak, both with looped iron handles. A dressing table with an old
  fashioned brush, mirror, clad in silver, and a vial, containing something that
  appeared to be red. A lone chair, more like a gothic throne set in a corner.
  Next to him on the bed, a table, laden with delicious foods, and a huge mug
  of steaming coffee. 
Convinced he must be dreaming, Andrew hauled himself up onto his elbows, breathing
  in the aroma of fresh coffee, he reached for the mug, half expecting his hands
  to sink through it. They didn't, he wrapped his hands around the warm mug and
  took a big, long mouth full of the liquid enjoying the feeling as it sank into
  him. 
Next, he took a piece of bread, it too was fresh, still warm, breaking a small
  chunk off he popped it in his mouth, enjoying the feeling of it melting slowly
  away leaving only a divine taste. The meat cuts were just as tasty, juicy tender
  beef and chicken breast, Andrew ate hungrily, glad that if this was all a dream
  it was a tasty and pleasing dream. Finishing with grapes and the remainder
  of his coffee he sank back into the pillows, and fell fast asleep exhausted. 
Twice more, that happened, Andrew awoke later to find a hearty breakfast of
  sausage, egg, bacon and mushrooms with fried bread and more of the delicious
  coffee made exactly to his taste, again, he ate with vigour feeling his energy
  begin to return. 
When he awoke that evening he found only a sandwich and more coffee, but noticed
  one of the heavy doors ajar, steam coming from the open door. He noted the
  silk gown draped over the arms of the throne, taking the subtle hint, he carefully,
  slowly inched out of bed, noting instantly his nakedness he drew the gown around
  him, sinking into its gentile stroke on his sensitive skin. Edging toward the
  bathroom, armed with his coffee an altogether different smell flooded his senses,
  a deep smell of roses entwined with flowers and spices he had only ever dreamed
  existed, the smell reminded him of the deepest parts of a dense jungle and
  the tops of the highest mountains. Opening his eyes from the smell he saw a
  grand bathroom. The huge bath centring the room, steaming hot, stepping up
  to it he placed his mug on the top step and shrugged out of his robe. 
Stepping into the bath was almost like stepping onto a cloud, the hot water
  enveloped his feet, then his legs, and finally up to his neck as he eased himself
  into its warmth feeling the water massage his stiff aching muscles, scooping
  up his mug, taking a long drink Andrew relaxed back, sighing in pleasure as
  the feeling over took him, taking him to a higher pleasure. Teaching him to
  better appreciate the finer things in life. 
Sometime later, after the coffee mug had been long discarded and Andrew had
  gently washed his long, now matted hair, he was left with another throbbing
  erection begging for his attention. Obliging happily, he wrapped his hand around
  it and gently began to play with himself, his cock stood hard and proud, it
  didn ' t take him long to bless the bath water, moaning softly to himself as
  waves of pleasure enveloped him. 
Stepping from the cooling water he wrapped himself in the warm fluffy towel,
  glancing in one of the mirrors that surrounded three walls, noting the sink,
  surrounded by washing pieces, a blade and bar of soap, a toothbrush and paste
  and a brush similar to the one out on the dressing table. Again he took the
  hint and proceeded to gently shave his face, brush his teeth, and finally brushing
  his hair, in long slow strokes. Ambling slowly back into the main bedroom he
  wondered for the first time about his situation, how he got here, who was feeding
  him, running him baths. And so convenient, but before his mind could come up
  with a solution sleep took over once again. 
When Andrew awoke next, the majority of the answers came in one go. As he
  propped himself upon the soft sheets, she walked in, holding the cup between
  two small hands, dressed in a loose pair of caftan pants and a vest top, stretched
  across her ample bosom. Placing the mug down on the table she smiled down at
  him and he thanked the heavens he was under cover as his prick stiffened instantly,
  betraying him. To shatter the silence, and speed his recovery from sleep he
  took a mouthful of hot, sweet coffee, looking into her almost black eyes. 
&quot;Been enjoying my hospitality, have you?&quot; she muttered, Andrew nearly
  choked on his drink, her voice practically made him come. 
&quot;Y-y-yes, thank you....um?&quot; Andrew stuttered in reply. 
&quot;You can call me Lady Rynn, welcome to my castle Andrew, I have been
  expecting you. This is going to be your new life.&quot; Her voice was so haunting. 
&quot;I-err-I don't understand....how did you know my name....?&quot; 
&quot;I called you Andrew, to me, this is where you belong.&quot; Despite
  her voice, Andrew felt a gentile annoyance rising, why wasn't she giving him
  straight answers? 
&quot;Look, Rynn, whoever you are. Thanks for helping me, but you can't hold
  me here....&quot; Andrew began to move to get out of bed, but she grabbed his
  hand. 
&quot;It's LADY Rynn to you, and I can hold you here, because you'll stay,
  willingly, understand?&quot; Andrew felt his anger subsiding, weighing it up
  staying here with this beautiful woman would beat any office job, any day. 
&quot;Yes, my Lady.&quot; 
&quot;Now,&quot; she said, gently stroking his hair away from his face, &quot;rest,
  you'll need your energy for training, tomorrow.&quot; 
&quot;T-t-training?&quot; he whimpered. She turned as she opened the door
  to leave, nodding, an evil look about her. Andrew feared it might be painful,
  but, as he bit his lip he knew he would enjoy every minute of it. 
The next day he woke with a start, taking in his familiar surroundings with
  deep breaths. He noticed his clothes, and then his breakfast, and then the
  note. In that order, he dressed, ate quickly and then opened the letter. 
Andrew 
I have left the castle for a few supplies, stay in your room
  until I return. 
Please, take a bath if you wish, sleep, or read. There ' s
  a few books in the dresser. 
From now on things will be very different. 
Lady Rynn xx 
&nbsp; 
Sure she must be far away, Andrew chanced a glance through the window, this
  room overlooked the garden, an orchard of various fruit trees, it looked well
  kept and the warm sun seemed to make the plants look juicy green and happy.
  Moving from the window and towards the door he pulled on his coat and peeked
  around the door. No one was in sight down the long, wide corridor. Andrew stepped
  out and began his search. 
Most of the top floor brought little interest, mostly guest rooms decorated
  quite similar to the one he was staying in, a few were locked, one appeared
  to be a study holding expensive computers on a desk that ran round most of
  the room. Andrew eventually found the staircase, carefully walking down it
  he noted it opened out to a lobby, the huge wooden and iron door in front of
  him, several doors leading away, starting at his left he worked his way around. 
Disappointingly the first two doors were locked, the third housed what had
  to be a TV room, a huge wide screen drenched a wall, while modern corner style
  sofas in white and black leather made the old castle come crashing into the
  modern day. Bypassing the main door and onto the right side of the lobby, the
  first door led into a huge kitchen, with a table set in the middle, the whole
  room full of foods, some of which Andrew had never seen. The door in the room
  lead to a banqueting hall, which, he imagined to lead back out into the lobby.
  The hall was exquisite, tastefully decorated, with a large wooden table housing
  many sturdy chairs. The two at either end were large and ornate, suggesting
  two very important people. That thought angered Andrew so much he shook. Two.
  Perhaps Lady Rynn had a husband? 
As he left the room and entered the third and final door on the right side
  of the lobby, the room seemed empty, various unused pieces of furniture dotted
  it, a lap, some chairs etc. Walking into the room, towards the huge window,
  facing what he guessed to be the road he was travelling along. Thinking back
  to then seemed ages ago to him, he was brought crashing back to reality, and
  the ground when he tripped over a bump in the huge decorative rug in the middle
  of the room. Rising gently to his feet, sure he had made enough of a thud to
  alert anyone still in the castle of his presence he walked over to the bump
  and trod on it, there was something hard beneath. Feeling his curiosity getting
  the better of him he peeled the corner of the rug back, noting how clean and
  well kept the material was, before long he unveiled a large metal trap door,
  the cause of his trip was the big round iron handle. 
Tip toeing to the front of the opening he threaded his fingers through the
  metal loop and pulled gently, it made a single creek of resistance making Andrew
  bite his lip, but then it sailed open like a breeze, casting enough light onto
  the steps leading into a dimly lit corridor. Stepping down, Andrew gently eased
  the metal door into its place and walked down the remainder of the steps and
  along the dim corridor, smoothing his hands over the cool wall as he went.
  The corridor suddenly ended and opened into a huge room, an archway to his
  left from which odd noises came, in front the room was filled with apparatus
  which would need closer inspection to decipher its uses in the darkened room.
  Stepping into the room, with a dark fascination and feeling of surprise Andrew
  realised he was stood in what could only be described as a dungeon. And judging
  by the complete lack of dirt or dust, it appeared to be in full working order. 
Stepping up to the first piece, it appeared to be a huge wooden throne, almost
  like that of an electric chair, with straps for the wrists, knees and ankles,
  the only thing separating from a regular chair was the huge wooden shaft that
  rose from its middle. Swallowing hard, several agonising thoughts of how that
  would feel sent shivers of pain and pleasure coursing through Andrew's body.
  Moving on he noted the rack, an old torture implement used to force out true
  or untrue confessions from prisoners by stretching their limbs taught, using
  two huge cogs, with handles. This one seemed different, from its use of modern
  metals and wood and it had an extra piece which seemed to be in the right place
  to stretch out a man's cock. Next, attached to the walls were various pieces
  of manipulated metal, most looked unused but all looked painful, along with
  various spreaders, for forcing limbs apart, an open cupboard full of creams,
  lotions, potions, dildos, strap-ons and vibrators. Hanging from the wall Andrew
  noted several whips, ranging in length and material from leather to a painful
  looking chain whip. All this was getting him turned on, but knowing deep down
  that he would not being using them on anyone, but, he feared the other way
  around. 
As he continued his search of the dungeon, the odd noises from the archway,
  now directly behind him, continued, engrossed in his exploration of all things
  pain-related he did not hear the noise of stone rubbing against stone, a noise
  he would soon come to be terrified of, and love just as equally. As he was
  admiring a set of cuffs hanging low from the ceiling, he gently slipped his
  wrists in the stiff leather of the cuffs feeling how submission might feel,
  he enjoyed feeling trapped. He closed his eyes and imagined her, pacing around
  him, as he lay limp in his restraints, begging to be let down, to be forgiven.
  Andrew shuddered enjoying how the thoughts made him feel, unaware of the vine,
  snaking its way along the ground, but he felt it as it grabbed him around his
  ankle, jarring his from his day dream back to reality. He tried for several
  seconds, in vain, to get his wrists from his restraints, his was stood on his
  tiptoes, the tentacle was pulling his leg from the wall, trying to drag him.
  Finally he got loose and wrenched the tentacle free before running for his
  life to the stairs, pushing the trapdoor open, not caring if he was heard.
  He collapsed, terrified taking deep breaths on the floor next to the trapdoor. 
Shortly after, he thought it wise to move, in case he was found. Hauling himself
  up, he covered the trapdoor once again with the rug, before leaving the room,
  taking in the lobby once more he headed back upstairs this time heading down
  the corridor opposite to where he came out. Focusing only on the door facing
  him, it drew him to it, walking slowly deliberately, the erection in his pants
  beating in time with his footsteps, getting stronger and faster until he could
  reach out and...... 
&quot;HEY! What do you're think you're doing?&quot; Andrew practically jumped
  out of his skin, he turned to see Lady Rynn, pacing towards him, faster than
  she should have been able to. Quivering in anticipation, knowing he had disobeyed
  her, and knowing that he was going to be made sorry for it, he scanned his
  surrounding, nothing but doors, on his left and right, and Lady Rynn, walking
  towards him. He followed his instinct, shocking himself in the process, he
  dropped to his knees and bent his head, feeling ashamed. Confused at his feelings
  Andrew kept his head down, hoping she'd be lenient, and not at the same time. 
&quot;Do you think you have some right to wander my castle without permission?&quot; She
  yanked his head, by his hair, forcing him to look at her. 
&quot;No-no, my lady, I'm-I'm sorry Lady Rynn, I just, Um, I....&quot; 
&quot;You deliberately disobeyed my order, slave! You disobey me, you get
  punished!&quot; 
&quot;Wh-a- what are you going to do to me? Please, don't hurt me, please.&quot; Andrew
  begged, knowing it would do him no good, she began dragging him down the hall,
  by his hair, all he could do was follow and whimper in pain, not just the pain
  of having his long hair pulled, but also the pain, guaranteed to come, soon. 
Wordlessly she dragged him, down the stairs, several times he stumbled, nearly
  falling, but trying, hard to. Anything to stop from angering her further. Dragging
  him into the room, sparsely decorated with clutter, hurling back the rug with
  ease and tugging at the iron handle she threw Andrew with great force down
  the rough, painful stone steps, moaning painfully he dragged himself to his
  knees just in time for Lady Rynn to once again gripping his hair and forcing
  him into the main room, blocking off all hope of escape as she did. 
&quot;On your feet, slave, now!&quot; She ordered, her voice contained none
  of the hospitality it had earlier and yet she still sang beautiful music into
  his very soul. As quickly as he could manage he was standing, not daring to
  look at her. 
&quot;Strip.&quot; She said, Andrew hesitated, not sure he'd heard her right, &quot;what
  are you waiting for slave? I told you to strip...&quot; as she uttered the
  last words in her strict, delicious voice, he began to peel away his clothes,
  starting with his socks, his jeans, and t shirt leaving only his boxers to
  cover his modesty, and his erection. 
&quot;Those too, slave, you need to be thoroughly punished, and completely
  naked.&quot; Andrew sighed gently to himself, peeling away his boxers, his
  hard cock springing to attention. The sudden cool air on his naked skin gave
  him goose bumps and a feeling of blissful arousal. Lady Rynn began to approach
  him, making him shiver in anticipation, grabbing him, this time by his arm
  she lead him to some shackles, hanging from the centre of the room, as with
  those Andrew had strapped himself in earlier they left him standing on his
  tiptoes to stay stood up, she roughly strapped him in, trying a blindfold around
  his eyes. The darkness suddenly heightened his other senses, making his skin
  come alive tingling. Andrew heard her pace away, her huge black pvc boots making
  a solid noise on the hard floor, shortly she returned and he heard her drop
  several items on a nearby table. 
Lady Rynn pondered for a second before picking up a paddle, best to start
  lightly, then work her way up. Silently she walked around him and landed the
  first smack right between Andrew's ass cheek. He yelped in surprise and pain,
  making Lady Rynn smile, a damp feeling spreading to her underwear. Harder this
  time, enjoying the sharp slap that echoed off the stone walls. Andrew gently
  moaned to begin with, Lady Rynn, though soon bored of not getting her desired
  reaction picked up a red riding crop, one of her firm favourites as it had
  a piece of leather attached to the end which created a delicious whipping noise
  as it flew through the air. 
She paced around him, confusing him, making him ache in anticipation for her
  next move, it came suddenly, sharp on his pert little ass, making him shake
  in his chains, gasp for breath. The following strokes came with little or no
  warning one after the other, making red welts appear on his back and ass and
  legs, his breaths became ragged, occasionally whimpering and struggling in
  vain against his restraints. Lady Rynn occasionally laughed, taking joy in
  his pain and moans. She stopped only when the welts had started to bleed and
  Andrew was almost constantly yelling in pain. As a final shove to his part
  of his punishment Lady Rynn brought out a chain whip, gently rattling the heavy
  metal links, with no real intent of using it, but she got the response she
  was seeking. 
&quot;Oh, no....please is that the chain whip My Lady?, please no, please
  don't hit me with that, I beg of you.&quot; Andrew begged, hanging limply in
  his restraints, whimpering, sobbing softly to himself. Placing it down Lady
  Rynn reached up and took off his blindfold and let him gently down into her
  arms. He fell, exhausted from tensing his muscles, gasping at the sudden pain
  from release, &quot;on your feet slave,&quot; came her relentless order, despite
  the pain Andrew knew disobeying her order would mean a worse punishment than
  he was about to receive. Forced via his hair to bend over a nearby table, he
  heard Lady Rynn snap on a pair of rubber gloves, he didn't dare look behind,
  but was enlightened soon after when she began to lube up his ass, running her
  fingers down between his cheeks, finally resting at the entrance, pushing relentlessly
  until he relaxed, opening for her, he felt her finger slide half way in, his
  ass reacting, trying to expel the invading digit, instead he relaxed again
  allowing his Lady's finger to slip all the way in right up to her knuckle.
  He moaned, softly. 
As soon as he was greased up, Lady Rynn dragged him to the chair, the one
  he had first noted when he entered the dungeon earlier, he swallowed hard and
  knew that resistance was futile. &quot;Sit on the wooden shaft, it's time for
  posture correction, slave!&quot; She whispered, obeying, Andrew stepped up
  to the chair and eased himself down onto the wooden shaft, pausing as it stretched
  his virgin hole, whimpering as the pain turned to pleasure. Filling his insides.
  As soon as he was seated Lady Rynn proceeded to strap in his ankles and knees
  and wrists. She informed him that if he didn't stay still he would hurt himself
  on the wooden shaft buried inside him, and that she wouldn't make it easy on
  him. Andrew shuddered at this, as he felt her hands in his hair, rubbing, pulling
  softly at first, then harder and harder until it became a jerking movement,
  he could feel the wooden shaft inside him, rubbing his violated insides, yelling
  out in pain. 
Next, she began to spank him, through the gaps in the back of the chair, now
  vertical welts crossed his horizontal ones, again making him squirm and move
  around trying to move away from the pain and yet doing nothing more an causing
  himself worse pain, he began to gently sob at this unfair game. But the worse
  was next to come, at first the gentile tickling on his feet just seemed to
  be a normal itch, unable to scratch it Andrew tried to ignore it, as it spread,
  up and up his legs it became difficult to ignore, then, on the verge of asking
  his Lady if she could help him, he suddenly realised that the tickling had
  turned to stinging and that itch had turned to ants, hundreds and thousands
  of them, crawling all over him nipping and biting as they went. 
Before long they were all over him, feasting on his flesh, tears rolled down
  his eyes, pain, humiliation. &quot;Ready to beg yet slave?&quot; Lady Rynn
  provoked, smiling evilly. &quot;Oh, please My Lady, no more ants they hurt,
  please, you can do anything just please stop the ants My Lady, I beg of you.&quot; Came
  his reply, almost instantly, desperation evident amidst his gentile sobs. Clicking
  her fingers, the ants stopped, dead. Sighing and sobbing in relief Lady Rynn
  opened his restraints and told him to ease himself off slowly, so as not to
  hurt himself. Andrew obeyed, almost missing the familiar full feeling. Looking
  up Lady Rynn was holding a dog collar and chain. Understanding Andrew lowered
  himself to all fours and crawled over to her, his head bent in shame, knowing
  what she expected and thought of him. 
Leaning over she secured the collar on him, tugging on the chain to ensure
  the correct tightness and reaction came from the tight yank she gave him. Satisfied
  she turned on her skyscraper heels and began walking, dragging him along behind
  her, like her animal. Up the steps and out of the trap door, telling him to
  sit, like a good boy while she replaced the door. Taking up his lead again
  she took him upstairs, veering towards the corridor of doors on the left. Opening
  a door into a huge master bathroom the size of a hospital ward. Instantly,
  Andrew noticed this was no ordinary bathroom, it did however consist of a bath,
  a huge ornate one, similar, but bigger than that in his room. It also had a
  sink, a shower and several units. But that was where the similarities with
  any normal bathroom stopped, it had a bed, with stirrups, normally used for
  pregnant women, with a light above the bed, ready to shine down on the patient.
  Several trolleys covered in ominous looking medical apparatus, and draws concealing
  much more. 
Lady Rynn, after giving Andrew sufficient time to drink in this surroundings,
  yanked him into the room by his chain, instructing him to act like a dog. Andrew,
  after hesitating and receiving a good kick to the ribs, began to pant and wiggle
  his ass, looking up at his Lady for attention. She smiled to herself. Dragging
  him over to a until. 
&quot;Stand up, you dirty slut, time to clean you up!&quot; She ordered giving
  a sharp tug on his lead. 
&quot;Yes, My Lady,&quot; he replied, gently rising to his feet. Lady Rynn
  forced him roughly to bend over the unit, as he did Andrew felt the greased
  up tube enter his abused, stretched ass, expelling a gentle moan that became
  louder as the warm water filled his bowels, filling him beyond any sense of
  the word. After every drop had squeezed its way into his ass, and Andrew had
  watched the expression on his Lady's face in the mirror above him, she opened
  her mouth to him again. Filling him with joy, amidst the pain. 
&quot;Hold it in slut, we need to make sure your filthy ass is nice and clean.&quot; 
&quot;Y-y-yes My L-lady.&quot; Came his stuttered reply. By now his cock had
  been constantly hard for hours, he had not felt release since the bath, that
  seemed so long ago now. Almost as if she read his mind Lady Rynn slotted a
  cock ring over his now throbbing shaft, her touch nearly sent him over the
  edge, but it was stopped dead by the tight cut-off feeling the rubber cock
  ring brought. By now the water had been in his ass for over 10 minutes, holding
  onto it was difficult and painful, it brought stinging tears to his eyes, each
  time he looked up he saw his Lady, dressed in a smutty red, white and black
  nurses outfit, the little hat set purposefully off centre. Its hem barely covered
  her modesty, caressed softly with a black thong, concealing the suspender belt
  which held up her black stockings. Each glance at her sent Andrew's head spinning
  knowing he couldn't come. 
Before long came relief, &quot;ok slut, sit on the toilet.&quot; The feeling
  of fullness gradually subsided, but pleasure was not to be his. &quot;You're
  still a dirty slut, and now I'm going to teach your clean ass a lesson...Get
  on the bed, now!&quot; Without wanting to push his luck Andrew laid down on
  the bed, almost thankful for the minute of rest. And minute it was, he felt
  his arms being tied above his head, his chest being strapped to the bed, and
  the final humiliation, his legs being spread wide and strapped into the stirrups.
  Pacing around him, Lady Rynn pressed a button on a remote attached to the bed,
  forcing his ass high into the air, making him accessible from all angles. Andrew
  felt humiliated, spread wide for whoever cared to look at him. 
Moving between his legs, Lady Rynn pulled a trolley near, snapping on a fresh
  pair of gloves, started to probe his ass, moving her finger in and out, invoking
  moans of pain and pleasure from the immobile patient. Reaching for her trolley
  she picked up a metal pole, it was thick with a bulbous tip, gently forcing
  it into his lubed hole, invoking another moan of pleasure mixed with pain.
  As it slipped in slowly, Andrew groaned happily. But all too soon his pleasure
  was taken away. Yanking the implement out leaving him void, she replaced it
  with heavy cold metal balls, slipping three in with little effort and following
  them up with another two. By now the feeling was on the verge of pain for Andrew,
  filled with metal balls, moving, hitting each other, vibrating slowly whenever
  his Lady pressed her remote. She topped it up with a butt plug, Andrew felt
  forced to gasp for air, between his full up ass and hard, throbbing cock everywhere
  below his abdomen ached. Something which, again, Lady Rynn seemed to guess
  at, and gave him his answer. As usual it wasn ' t going to be easy for him. 
Undoing his restraints, forcefully yanking him to his feet via his hair, now
  tingling from the constant abuse, walking ached. Luckily Andrew only had to
  walk downstairs and into one of the rooms that only earlier was locked. The
  pleasurable ache in his abdomen and groin moaned at him each time he took a
  step. Inside the room seemed to be nothing, it was a large sized room, four
  very big screens covered the walls which flickered on as Andrew entered, before
  he could see what was on them, she spoke. 
&quot;Now listen slut, don't think I haven ' t seen you walking round all
  hard, all day. Time for a little release for you, I think....&quot; she paused,
  fondling her whip provocatively &quot;soon porn will flicker on all the TV
  screens, men and women will be sucked, and fucked. And you will wank, you'll
  be surrounded by porn, and maybe a few other surprises. Understand so far?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, My Lady.&quot; 
&quot;Good, but there's a catch, you can't come, for a full hour. If you come
  you will be punished further, if you don't you'll be allowed to come.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, I understand My Lady.&quot; Andrew took a careful grip on his throbbing
  shaft, had it not been for his cock ring, the sheer touch of his hand would
  have sent him over the edge. He began to slowly pull back his foreskin, listening
  to the gentile moans of the sluts surrounding him on the big screens, and as
  promised hundreds of porn mags open to pages full of women showing themselves
  off, spread around him. Sighing as waves of pleasure enveloped him, subconsciously
  hearing the ticking clock in the background, and his Lady occasionally telling
  him how many minutes of his agonising hour remained. 
&quot;Fifteen minutes passed slut.&quot; As he looked to his Lady to acknowledge
  what she had said he gasped, seeing her playing with her soft folds, covering
  her lucky fingers in juices. He stepped up to him, smeared the juices over
  his lips Andrew lapped at them eagerly, the taste was like nothing he'd ever
  tasted before, it was to musky but sweet, with a smell that flung him into
  flurries of pleasure. She yanked off his cock ring, roughly, again the sheer
  touch of her nearly sent him into orgasm. 
&quot;Thirty-five minutes gone, slave.&quot; By now, Andrew had stopped himself
  coming several times, his balls were begging for release, slowly betraying
  him, his own body was using his hand against him, the sluts on the screens
  were screaming in orgasm, soon joined by his Lady as she shook with the waves
  of orgasm, as Andrew watched, her juices flowed freely from her cunt, soaking
  her fingers, as streams began to slowly escape she walked over, stood over
  his face and said.... 
&quot;Lick me, slut.&quot; Without hesitation, Andrew began to suck at the
  nectar escaping from between his Lady's legs, savouring her exquisite taste,
  letting to flow over his tongue and down his throat, feeling his erection throb
  in his curled fingers. Her moans were like pure music to his ears knowing that
  he was bringing her even just the slightest piece of pleasure turned him on
  even more, the ticking clock was now just another noise blended with the TV
  screens hidden in the distance. The harder he licked the more she moaned, moving
  onto his knees for more height he felt the balls in his ass buzz softly, pushing
  against the butt plug and his insides, making him gasp in ecstasy. 
As Lady Rynn was brought to yet another shuddering climax, out-screaming all
  the sluts on the screens, Andrew's cock, still painfully throbbing nearly emptied
  its load, he quickly bent over moaning in pain as his body punished him for
  the constant torment of building himself up only to deny himself, again. Going
  back to stroking Andrew gently closed his eyes, bit his lip hard, trying not
  to think dirty thoughts but not wanting to lose his erection. He slipped his
  head back, still sitting on his knees, he spread them, allowing his balls more
  room. 
&quot;Fifty-five minutes gone,&quot; she said in a ragged tone, still coming
  down from orgasm no doubt, &quot;five more minutes to go, are you going to
  make it, slut?&quot; Andrew brought himself steadily back to reality, tasting
  blood where he had bitten his lip. He looked to his mistress, sat, watching
  him intently her head bent to one side, looking for a reply to her question. 
&quot;I-I don't know My Lady.&quot; Came his weak, stuttered reply. His hand
  was working his cock slowly, speeding up occasionally the clock had now become
  a constant reminder of his punishment, ticking away seconds painfully. Fifty-six,
  fifty-seven minutes gone, moaning he closed his eyes trying to concentrate
  on the blood on his lips as images of his Lady raced through his head. Fifty-eight
  minutes gone, his breathing was ragged coming in short sharp gasps as the heat
  within him rose, consuming him. Fifty-nine minutes gone, Andrew was now openly
  groaning at the pain in his abdomen, the clock counted away the seconds, be
  began to count them in his head, trying desperately to go the whole hour. 
Roughly forty two seconds into the final minute he spilled his seed unable
  to resist any longer, he splashed his chest, his knees and the glossy pages
  surrounding him. His orgasm was so strong he didn ' t realise he was holding
  his breath, his eyes screwed shut his entire body held taught. As he finished
  the buzzer on the faraway clock went off, screaming at him, he knew he had
  disobeyed her, and that he would soon suffer. But she seemed to let him calm
  down, let his breathing return to a state of normality, his softening cock
  now only oozed where seconds before it had squirted with such vigour that pages
  far in front of him had been soaked in his hot come. 
He slowly opened his eyes, licking the remainder of blood from his cut lip,
  searching for his Lady, who was behind him, fixing his dog collar and chain
  back on, dragging him and forcing him back onto his hands and knees, heading
  for the door. Andrew could only guess at what was next as he looked one last
  time around the room, noting the TVs were off and all the magazines were gone.
  He hung his head, and crawled close to his Lady's leg feeling her warmth, glad
  to be where he belonged. As her slut, her slave. 
Of course, it was back to the dungeon for Andrew, and straight into the rack
  for questioning. 
&quot;So, slave. Tell me, have you ever been dominated before?&quot; Came
  her first question, so much for starting at the beginning it seemed Lady Rynn
  enjoyed jumping in at the deep end. 
&quot;N-no, My Lady, I was tied to the bed once, but nothing serious.&quot; Andrew
  whimpered in reply, unable to look up past her full red lips. 
&quot;How long have you felt this way?&quot; She began to twist the cogs,
  pulling his limbs apart, he felt a gentle pull on his semi-hard cock, pulling
  that away from his body, he grimaced slightly and continued. 
&quot;W-well, I think it started when I was young. I remember playing cowboys
  and Indians in the nearby woods, I was an Indian, and when my team turned against
  me, tying me up to a tree I remember a lady ordered the cowboys to untie me,
  I remember looking at her and had nothing but respect for her. The way she
  stood, her tone of voice they way she commanded so solidly, so full of authority....&quot; he
  seemed lost in a trance somewhere remembering that day. 
&quot;Were you a happy child?&quot; The cogs turned achingly again. 
&quot;Not really, I spent most of my childhood alone or getting bullied.&quot; He
  winced, again the pain was becoming a constant ache. 
Tired with the questioning, and judging by the look on her face, the questions
  had provoked some feelings inside Lady Rynn that she was desperate to conceal,
  hidden deep within her. Angrily she tugged the cogs hard, Andrew screamed feeling
  his limbs on the verge of popping from their sockets, his now hard cock pulled
  tightly from his body, she seemed to be lost somewhere in her mind, even as
  his screams turned to sobs and gasps for breath she seemed not to notice, but
  she had stopped turning the cogs, pacing away from the rack and from his concerned-pained
  look. Andrew was forced to concentrate solely on the pain, crying out he tried
  to struggle which brought nothing but more pain, the only relief he obtained
  was when he thrust up with this hips, only an inch as that was all his restraints
  would allow but it eased the pull on his tormented member. 
Sometime later when Andrew had begin to feel faint from the pain, Lady Rynn
  returned, all look of her previous pain had disappeared, gently she let him
  down, his body fell limp into her arms, exhausted from straining his muscles.
  Gently she cradled him, close to her chest, he could scarcely keep his eyes
  open and felt himself sigh softly as she gently rocked him. He woke up to find
  them in a room he had not been in before, the room was similar to the one he
  had stayed already. The room was decorated in red and black, the huge bed in
  which they lay tangled together in had the same black and red silk sheets,
  which caressed his naked skin with cool, soft kisses. He looked down and noted
  how his hair tumbled over his Lady's face, his arms were around her holding
  her close to his chest, she made no noise as she slept and only the gentile
  ride and fall of her chest suggested she was still alive. Looking at her eyes
  Andrew noted how her long dark lashes rested peacefully on her milky cheeks,
  her complexion was soft her luscious red lips were slightly parted, one arm
  lay buried beneath her head, the other, its fingers entwined with Andrew's.
  The soft silk sheets that caressed her skin had slipped down, revealing the
  valley between her breasts Andrew longed to touch them, and with each gentile
  breath she took the covers seemed to slip father down. 
Gently he moved the hair from her face, she stirred smiling, and he continued
  to kiss her softly on the head, gently caressing her soft skin. It felt like
  velvet on his fingertips, he moved them softly over her eyelids and her perfect
  nose, over her full lips invoking an appearance from her tongue, which lapped
  and danced gently over his fingertip. Slowly but surely his kisses reached
  her mouth, biting gently on her lips, teasing them, she slowly stirred fluttering
  her eyelashes as light streamed in. Clearly pleased with what she saw she returned
  the gentile kiss, biting on Andrew's injured lip, making him moan softly. Lady
  Rynn moved position so she was now cradled in his chest, breathing in his strong
  masculine smell, still kissing him she brought up her hands and allowed them
  to roam, and scratch his chest, tiny moans escaped him mid-kiss. She reached
  his nipples and pulled them taught, by now his hands had roamed over her collarbone
  and were heading down for her pert breasts, her nipples were hard and a feeling
  of damp was invading her sex. As his hands gently cupped her breasts and their
  kisses became more and more frantic Lady Rynn began to move on top of him,
  straddling his legs which he bent up behind her. They could both feel his hard
  cock and her wet pussy grinding against each other as their kisses had become
  intense bites at soft tender flesh. Neither could stand the temptation any
  longer and Lady Rynn slipped Andrew's rock hard cock inside her dripping pussy. 
They both moaned simultaneously, his cock felt amazing in her pussy as it
  spread wide her soft walls. Lady Rynn began to move up and down, slowly at
  first but with not intention of turning this into making love, but how is was
  supposed to be, rough, nasty sex. As she built up a momentum, thrusting herself
  on his cock, sending him into spasms of pleasure she started to scratch and
  slap his naked chest making him moan and writhe, the pain mixing with the pleasure,
  his cock was now throbbing inside him and the thanked her for the honour. 
&quot;Mmmm, Lady Rynn, thank you for giving this slut the pleasure of feeling
  you on his hard cock.&quot; He moaned to her, and like music to her ears she
  laughed, continuing to fuck him, slap scratch and bite him. Their groans bounced
  off the castle walls, coming back to them twofold, Lady Rynn rode her slut's
  cock with such vigour and enthusiasm that she came several times, screaming
  in ecstasy each time she rid, raking at his skin which was by now, burning
  through big red scratches and bite marks and pleasure. Before long he began
  to come, filling her hole with his hot spunk, her pussy clenched around him
  and milked him dry. They both fell, exhausted into a happy sweaty pile before
  falling into a deep sleep once more. 
The following morning, or at least Andrew assumed it was morning, daylight
  streamed through the huge window, coming round slowly he saw he was chained
  to the floor by his feet in the room that he first stayed in, the bed had been
  moved to the opposite wall leaving a big space of floor sufficient enough to
  let him reach the table set up with his breakfast, but no further. He hauled
  his aching body to the table and munched hungrily on the food, there was toast
  and some bacon, a banana , and of course a huge mug of steaming coffee which
  he left till last. Just as he took the last mouthful, she walked in, Andrew
  looked up at her she was wearing a very tight suit, a white shirt the first
  few buttons were open revealing her black bra, a tight, a too short skirt which
  teased the tops of her thighs gracefully, showing off her white hold up stockings
  and high, slutty court shoes. Gasping as she threw some clothes at him and
  quickly undid his ties. 
&quot;Glad you're up, get washed and dressed, slut time for school!&quot; And
  with that she disappeared again, Andrew gently rubbed his ankles where they
  had been chained and got up to head for the bathroom. Inspecting his reflection
  he decided to shave, carefully so as not to nick himself before easing his
  aching muscles into the steaming hot shower. Letting the water pour over him
  Andrew wondered what was in store for him today, running his hands through
  his long hair and washing his bruised, aching skin thoroughly, knowing any
  dirt would drive her insane. He washed his hair gently, looking down intently
  at his growing cock. Stepping out of the shower he dried himself off looking
  for the first time at his 'uniform'. It consisted of two hair bands, a white
  shirt, a black tie, a short black skirt, a black thong and suspender belt which,
  he assumed would connect with the black, lace top stockings. Sighing he began
  by separating his long hair into two parts and fixing them into place with
  the bobbles. Next he pulled on the thong, feeling the soft material fit snugly
  between his ass cheeks, followed by the suspender belt which took a little
  figuring out for him, Andrew enjoyed the feeling of the stockings on his legs,
  pulling them up and fixing them into place with the suspender belt. Next came
  the shirt, he left one button open, feeling sure it would please his Lady to
  know what a slut he was, tying his tie in place he finished the outfit off
  with the skirt that barely covered his ass. 
Tottering on the slippery stockings he left the steamy bathroom, assuming
  the 'school' would be downstairs, he was right as he was drawn to the sound
  of chalk on a blackboard. He entered one of the rooms that was locked the other
  day and saw it to be a class room, at the front a huge blackboard was attached
  to the wall and his Lady was drawing an in depth diagram of a couple having
  sex. She turned as he entered. 
&quot;Oh, you're late slut! get to the back of the class! NOW!&quot; She yelled,
  jarring him into action, he moved to the back, slipping behind the top-opening
  desk, a piece of paper and pencil sat on the top. He also noted two other boys
  in the room one sat on either side, they did not seem to notice him, or notice
  that he was dressed like a girl. As he looked back to the front, he saw Lady
  Rynn had turned to face the class. 
&quot;Ok sluts, get ready for your test, turn your pages over and start you
  have an hour. You may begin.&quot; Andrew flipped over his paper seeing the
  questions were on sex, a multiple choice test. Picking up his pencil he began
  to chew its end as he pondered the first question. Ouch! he felt the sharp
  smack of her cane, forcing him to sit up straight, &quot;take that OUT of your
  mouth it is not there to chew, it is there to take the test.&quot; She warned
  him, sniggers came from the other two boys, making him blush in embarrassment.
  He stopped chewing and marked the first answer. 
Eventually, after his Lady had paced up and down a few times, whipping him
  on his back to correct his posture as she went, he was informed his time was
  through and they were going to watch a film. Behind him there was two rows
  of tables, the back ones higher than the first, taking a seat, as directed
  on the higher table, resting his feet on the tables below he was soon joined
  by the other two who sat close, trapping him between them. Lady Rynn turned
  on the DVD player, ensuring to bend over, showing off her thong. This evoked
  whistles from the two boys sat around him, Andrew, too shy to join in, sat
  quiet sneaking only sly looks at his beautiful Lady. The DVD was porn come
  documentary, turning the three of them on pretty quickly after its start, the
  two boys soon had their cocks out, rubbing them, grunting like animals. It
  wasn't long before they noticed him and began to turn their attentions to him. 
It started with a few sultry glances, then two hands on his knees, he looked
  longingly at his Lady, but she sat, engrossed in the screen. The hands moved
  up, taking his skirt with it, revealing his thong, and hard cock beneath it,
  this made the two boys groan in pleasure, one soon had his hand down Andrew's
  thong, toying with his shaft, making him moan. The other, sat on his knees
  and forced his hard cock into Andrew's mouth, unsure what to do he coughed
  and choked on the invading organ. Soon, as he became used to it, he figured
  the best thing to do was suck, to help him come and get the whole humiliating
  situation over, but things were to beg worse as the other boy was lifting Andrew
  to his knees, forcing him on all fours. Feeling his thong being shoved to one
  side and lube being spread between his ass cheeks Andrew could guess what was
  coming, and he was right. As the boy behind rammed his cock into Andrew's tight
  ass he was skewered by cock, as one pushed he was forced harder onto the other.
  This seemed to pleasure the two boys, and Lady Rynn who was informed by the
  tables banging against each other, and the floor as to what was going on. Andrew
  looked at her pleadingly, but couldn ' t speak as he was gagged, with cock.
  She laughed. 
&quot;Well well well, looks like the slut couldn't wait to have cock, could
  he?! You're such a dirty whore, slave. And now look you're being fucked from
  both directions.&quot; She spat, looking disgusted, but secretly pleased, and
  aroused by his situation. The boy in his mouth suddenly pulled out and came
  all over Andrew's face, shortly followed by the boy in his ass who came deep
  inside him, filling him with hot come before slapping his ass and leaving,
  with the other boy. Going back to wherever they came from. 
Andrew wiped the tears from his eyes at being choked by cock, he tried his
  best to rearrange himself, but the come soon ran out of his abused ass and
  soaked his thong. His Lady grabbed him by his hair, and started to drag him
  out of the room. 
&quot;Sluts need to be cleaned, slave. You're a dirty slut, time to clean
  you and your filthy ass up!&quot; She laughed pulling on his hair hard. 
&quot;Yes my lady,&quot; Andrew sniffed knowing what was coming next. 
Soon after, in the huge bathroom come hospital ward Lady Rynn had Andrew bent
  over a surface near the sink administering an enema in his tender ass, he gripped
  the cold marble in agony, biting his lip to try and take his mind off the pain.
  As the warm blood passed over his tongue he felt the pipe taken from his ass,
  his bowels growled from the feeling. Gripping tightly he tried to hold every
  drop inside, knowing that was what his Lady wanted, sitting back on the toilet
  seat she began to smile at him, he was unable to gage exactly what was behind
  that smile and wondered what she was thinking. He tried to smile back but the
  pain in his ass throbbed, in time with his racing heartbeat from the look she
  was giving him. Making him feel the familiar rousing in his abdomen. 
Much later as Andrew was feeling dizzy from clenching his muscles, she stood
  up, moved behind him, placed her hand on his back, leaning into his ear she
  told him. 
&quot;Slave, you've been a good boy, a very good boy. Time for a treat,&quot; the
  last bit she said dirtily, gripping his hardening cock. This made him shudder,
  and almost made him empty his bowels all over the bathroom floor. &quot;Oh
  and you'd better empty yourself!&quot; she smiled, Andrew didn't need telling,
  he watched her leave the bathroom, sighing with relief. After he was sure he
  was done, he straightened himself out and went looking for her, his first guess
  being the dungeon, and he was right, she sat, legs crossed on a throne not
  dissimilar to that which he had sat on himself but without the wooden shaft
  or restraints and was a black wood, most likely ebony, with silver details.
  She beckoned him over, standing up to meet him as he approached her. 
She pushed him back into the chair just as Poison started to play, loud out
  of nowhere. Lady Rynn began to move, slowly at first, giving him occasional
  glances, dancing several steps away. She let the music wash over her body running
  her hands over her body, from her neck, down her chest, over her black corset
  down her stomach, stopping at her pussy and moving back up, now she was always
  looking at him her eyes were piercing. She told him to strip, forming the words
  through perfect lips, obliging happily Andrew removed all his clothes, letting
  his prick stand up, she urged him to touch himself with her gentile touch,
  stepping back to reveal the ribbons holding her trapped in corset, she gently
  undid them, throwing it to one side, her nipples were hard so she gently teased
  them some more. Still occasionally running her hands over her, this time, as
  she did she took the waist band of her skirt with them, shimmying out of the
  skirt which had the middle panel held on by safety pins which gently clattered
  as they hit the floor, kicking it away now wearing only a black thong and knee
  high boots she sainted over to him, pulled him to his feet, dancing close enough
  to feel her warm breath on his naked chest, to get the occasional touch as
  she moved down his body, spreading her legs as she went lower and came back
  up to meet his face again, smiling that smile. 
Lady Rynn paced around him, still dancing as the final notes of the song faded
  out replaced by a barely audible Anything Goes, GnR. Not that either of them
  paid attention to the music as she backed Andrew hard against the wall and
  sank down to her knees taking his cock roughly in her mouth tearing a rough
  moan of pleasure from him. Using the wall for support Lady Rynn continued to
  suck on his hard shaft using her tongue bar to show him the very edge of his
  sanity, the peak of sexual dominance and pleasure. Andrew stood rigid, his
  back pressed against the cool stone feeling himself slip away, a million miles
  away, further further. Feeling pleasure ebb and flow warmth into him, covering
  his skin, making him tingle and quiver and shake in sheer ecstasy. He felt
  her raking his thighs with her nails, pulling his foreskin up and down with
  the other hand as she sucked harder and faster scraping him gently with her
  sharp fangs.......fangs? 
It was too late to muse anything as Andrew filled her mouth with his hot come,
  she moved slowly up her body and kissed him, forcing open his lips before letting
  his still warm come fill his mouth, knowing there was nothing else to do but
  swallow, he did, grimacing slightly. Lady Rynn continued the soft kiss, enjoying
  the feel of his soft lips and flesh against her own. She had found herself
  a gem, and there would be no escape for this one. 
Pulling away she smiled at him, not the sexy smile she had given him earlier,
  but an evil grin, knowing that meant pain or torture of one kind or another.
  Gripping his hand she led him upstairs to a bedroom, inside stood a timid looking
  girl, who was quite gaunt and blonde. He turned to his Lady looking for guidance
  an explanation, she clocked his look and in response told him. &quot;Were going
  to play a little game, slave, I'm sure you're aware of the game Simon Says?&quot; Andrew
  nodded, &quot;well, basically, this is Lady Rynn says, you do what I say only
  when I say Lady Rynn says.&quot; Again, he nodded in understanding. Following
  his Lady to stand next to the girl. 
&quot;Ok slave, Lady Rynn says kiss me.&quot; Happy to oblige Andrew planted
  a gentile kiss on his Lady's cheek. 
&quot;Lady Rynn says kiss her.&quot; She nodded in the girl's direction, Andrew
  stepped up to her and planted an embarrassed peck on the girl's cheek. 
&quot;No, on the lips!&quot; Without thinking he repeated the kiss on her
  lips, and was instantly repaid with a sharp smack from his Lady's riding crop,
  he yelled out in pain &quot;I didn ' t say Lady Rynn says, stupid slave!&quot; He
  hung his head in shame. 
&quot;Lady Rynn says kiss her passionately.&quot; Andrew stepped up to her,
  cupped her face in his hands and kissed her once passionately, roughly then
  let go. 
&quot;Good slave, now kiss me passionately.&quot; He paused for a second,
  unsure as she hadn't said the magic words. Then shook his head slowly, no. &quot;What?&quot; she
  asked, &quot;don't you want to kiss your Lady?&quot; Andrew opened his mouth
  to reply. 
&quot;Y-yes My Lady, more than anything else, but you di..... you didn't say
  Lady Rynn says.&quot; 
&quot;Very well, Lady Rynn says, kiss me passionately.&quot; Andrew did not
  hesitate, stepped up to his lady and kissed her long, deep and enthusiastically,
  when he pulled away he blushed thankful for the honour of tasting his Lady. 
&quot;Mmmm,&quot; she said, licking her lips, &quot;now Lady Rynn says take
  off her clothes.&quot; Emphasising her while nodding in the direction of the
  girl who whimpered as Andrew timidly took off her clothes careful not to took
  at her slim body, preferring his curvy Lady to the pale staved looking girl
  who stood staring at him, as if she wanted him. While Andrew stepped back,
  and looked to his Lady for guidance she stepped forward, spread her long thin
  fingers on Andrew's chest, startling him, he took a step back his gaze on her
  face. 
Lady Rynn looked at the girl as she stepped in on her territory, but stood
  back to see if her slave would give in to the girl's advances or if he would
  turn her away. Andrew tried to prise her hands off him, looking almost repulsed
  by her touch, taking a step back and looking in the direction of his Lady for
  guidance, wanting out of this situation and this girls clutches. Lady Rynn
  glanced back and him and he knew this was a test. He bit his lip unsure of
  what his Lady wanted from this, he knew he did not want to touch any other
  apart from his Lady, but perhaps if he didn't allow the girls advances his
  Lady would be angered that she had gone to the trouble to get the girl here,
  for him. But her touch had him repulsed there was no way he could fake being
  turned on by her. 
The girl had by now gripped his face and was trying to kiss him, hard on his
  lips, anger rose in him at her obvious desperation, and as he looked to his
  Lady the briefest look of fury covered her sensual features, he turned back
  to the girl and pushed her off hard, but she was not so easily broken, crawling
  back to him she tried to grab his cock, Andrew's reflexes forced him to jump
  back smacking his back hard on the wall behind him. He groaned as she lunged
  for him a third time accidentally snapping his head back against the wall.
  Again, he groaned dizzy from the bang to his head, she took her chance and
  started sucking him off, from no where came his rage, he stood up despite being
  still light headed, took her forcefully by the forearm and told her sternly. 
&quot;Get off me, I don't like you, I don't want you.&quot; He looked down
  admitting something he had been dying to say for some time. &quot;I want My
  Lady Rynn.&quot; With that she seemed to get the hint, gathering together her
  clothes she ran from the room. Lady Rynn turned back to face a very shy looking
  Andrew who dropped to his knees ready to serve. 
&quot;Well, so you want me do you, slave?&quot; before she gave him the opportunity
  to answer, she continued, &quot;that's all well and good, but you have no rights
  to me, yet, and you disobeyed me during that game, and now you have to be punished.
  Andrew nodded solemnly, and asked, his eyes still fixed to the floor in front
  of him. 
&quot;W-what are you going to do to me, My Lady?&quot; 
&quot;Why, slave, you're going to the maze of course.&quot; Her smile was
  that of pure, tormented evil, it made him shake from the depths of his soul.
  What the hell was the maze? 
Part two, Releasing The Slave Within : The Maze, coming soon. 
Releasing the slave within 
Part two: The maze, and beyond 
By Gemma Jones 
Andrew wondered to himself why those two tiny words had him shuddering to
  his very core, his Lady who had him locked up in her castle, (well he had never
  once tried to escape) after she had found him, in a near death state with no
  food, no clean clothes or water being drenched by the pouring rain. But now
  he kneeled at her feet not yet broken in but ready to serve. Biting his lip
  he asked the obvious question. 
&quot;M-my Lady, what is the maze?&quot; 
&quot;Shut up slut, you're about to find out!&quot; Lady Rynn grabbed him
  tightly by the hair and began to drag him toward the dungeon. She threw him
  through the door, Andrew fell to his knees facing the archway he had seen the
  first time he had stumbled across the dungeon that seemed an age ago now. Just
  then another thought hit him, that arch was also where the tentacles had come
  from, a feeling of panic washed over him, he looked up at his Lady, before
  he could protest she began to speak, her words were like pure music to his
  ears. 
&quot;Welcome to the maze, like most other mazes it has twists and turns and
  dead ends, but in true ME style it also contains a few surprises, you can expect
  you bump into uneven surfaces, whips, red ants, razor wire and,&quot; she paused
  for effect, &quot;hmmm, tentacles!&quot; Andrew drew in a sharp breath, his
  eyes wide in terror, intrigue and surprise, there was more. &quot;Did I mention
  you're in complete darkness?&quot; He shook his head, she continued. &quot;But,
  dear Slave, you are given one 'life' you may ask at absolutely any point during
  your time in the maze for the lights to be switched on, and they shall at my
  command stay lighting your way for 10 seconds, after that you will be plunged
  into darkness. Oh yes and you have 35 minutes to complete the maze or you'll
  be locked in all night with whateverpleasantries you happen to bump into,
  enjoy! 
Sharply Lady Rynn pushed him through the archway, the darkness surrounded
  his as the door disappeared behind him, strengthening his other senses Andrew
  listened, silence rang in his ears. He bit his lip and look a left, gently
  feeling his way along the uneven stone walls until he felt the wall take a
  sharp right, following it he walked right into some tightly twisted razor wire.
  Feeling his hand being torn by the sharp metal he whimpered in pain. 
&quot;Slave,&quot; Lady Rynn whispered from above his head, he looked up,
  but couldn't see her, &quot;keep on moving slave the more time you take...&quot; And
  she was gone. Andrew bit his lip hard trying to concentrate on one pain, and
  stepped away from the wire reaching timidly out with both hands he felt along
  both walls. He carefully put one foot in front of the other, he could feel
  her presence, and when he felt a warm breath on the back of his neck the hairs
  there prickled. 
&quot;M-my Lady?&quot; he stammered, &quot;is that you?&quot; No answer came
  only a guttural moan. 
&quot;Nuuuuuuhhhhhrrrrr!&quot; And Andrew's hands were seized forcing him
  to his knees in fear, shaking. The thing let his arms go and he made for an
  escape he barely managed to bring one knee up when his ankle was roughly tugged
  back, forcing his legs apart, scratching the skin of his knees clean away and
  forcing a yell of helplessness from his lips. The thing wrapped its fat little
  fingers around Andrew's slender waist and in one smooth, (and very painful)
  movement the thing pulled Andrew back onto its huge cock. &quot;Nuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmhhhhhhhp!&quot; it
  said drawing yet more strength from Andrew's screams of agony. 
&quot;My apologies, my dear slave, did I not mention the ogre we have in the
  maze? Rynn said from high above, her words barely entered his head; only the
  pain had that option right now, as it ripped through his body and into his
  mind threatening to explode. The ogre began to thrust up into Andrew's bowels
  violating his insides, forcing him to dry retch. Mercifully the ogre was pleased
  with the feel of Andrew's young ass wrapped tightly around his enormous cock
  and spilled his languid seed quickly over Andrew's torn ass and his heaving
  chest as the thing receded into darkness, leaving him gasping for breath in
  a sweaty heap on the cold, clammy floor. 
Andrew began to sob as he felt a hand clasp his own, he tried to pull away
  thinking instantly the ogre had returned for more, unsatisfied. But the hand
  stayed, its fingers entwining with his, looking up he saw his Lady kneeling,
  a slight look of concern flashed over her delicate features and then was gone.
  She tugged slightly on his hand, gently helping him to his feet, it proved
  a little too much, too soon and he sagged his used body into her waiting arms,
  lavishing in the feeling of her soft robes and skin and her gentile perfume.
  Lady Rynn gently reminded him he had to keep moving and that he still had his life'. 
P-please, My Lady. He stammered, may I use it now? Looking timidly at
  her face, unable to focus on her intense eyes. 
Why yes of course, my dear slave. With those words the lights came on, turning
  to thank his Lady but noting her gone he took it as a hint to continue as somewhere
  in the distance a clock ticked away the ten seconds as if someone were tugging
  on the hands of the clock, willing the time away. Andrew's eyes adjusted quickly
  to the light and he turned as many corners as he could before the clock stopped
  ticking and once again the maze, and his life were devoid of light. 
He had seen enough to reach the next bend and know the only way around was
  a right, as he took it a sudden whirring sound began, loud and piercing and
  just as suddenly as it began the source became apparent when whips started
  beating at Andrew's flesh fast and merciless, unsure of how to stop it he stood
  still, whimpering and sobbing gently from the lashes that kissed his tender
  flesh, some bled, the warm blood pooling at his feet. They appeared to be motion
  detecting, Andrew decided to make a run for it figuring that dropping to his
  knees and crawling would take up too much precious time. 
As he ran, the piercing noise started up again and he felt several angry slaps
  before they ceased and the maze fell eerily silent once more. As Andrew passed
  yet another bend he began to feel an itch at his ankles, dismissing it due
  to a lack of time to scratch he paced on. But the itch spread up, higher and
  very soon it had engulfed both legs, and continued higher. As the itch turned
  to sting it occurred to Andrew that this must be the ants that his Lady had
  spoken of, and surely enough as he brushed against a pain in his leg they crawled
  over his hand instilling panic into him. 
Stumbling forward he heard footsteps, freaking, he began to run and bumped
  into a wall, covered in razor wire. Taking a step back Andrew sighed unable
  to cope any longer, bleeding, covered in come and ants he sat heavily on the
  floor and sobbed. 
My Lady, he cried, reaching out his hands, a feeling of emptiness and helplessness
  befell him, please, My Lady, help me. Andrew felt her familiar hands gently
  grasp his own, pull him gently to his feel and lead him through another archway,
  not far from where he had sat. As her perfume filled his head with feelings
  of safety from the evil that lay hidden in these walls, he heard water. Soon
  after he felt it. 
The warming spray gently ran over his abused skin, his hands still in hers
  he felt all that covered him wash away, soaking his long hair, his whole body
  soothing his ragged soul. His lady gently ran her hands over him, never seeming
  to get wet from that rapid back-spray of the water, she ensured his safety
  before disappearing, along with the water into darkness leaving him once more
  alone in the darkness. 
Andrew quickly continued, his brief encounter with his lady had given him
  a little extra confidence, feeling out he cut his feet on yet more razor wire,
  he grimaced but continued, after several steps he felt an opening in the rough
  walls, feeling his way through he noted a single candle dimly lighting up two
  heavy wooden doors fitted into the stone archways, each were marked with a
  different symbol protruding from the ancient wood, Andrew approached them,
  gently brushing his fingers over the symbol on the left door, it looked like
  an inverted U' with the right prong longer than its counter part and two horizontal
  notches striking it near the end. Pressing his ear to the door, Andrew heard
  nothing, slowly pacing to the second picking up the candle as he did and again
  running his torn fingers over the second symbol. Leaving a bloody trail, a
  dark reminder to any poor soul who might follow him into the maze someday of
  the horrors that lay within its twists and turns. 
The second symbol was looked like a curved E' its middle strikes starting
  at the centerline heading away and then bending sharply down. Andrew frowned
  not knowing the meaning or significance of either symbol but knowing that he
  had to choose a door, he stepped back and looked from one door to another.
  Taking a deep breath and a good solid grip on his candle he chose the first
  door, on the left. Paced toward it and turned the heavy handle. 
Stepping into the room he saw it to be empty, built from large stone bricks,
  water seemed to drop from some unseen crack. Suddenly, forcing Andrew to jump
  the door blew shut behind him, extinguishing his candle cruelly, as he watched
  the flame turn to smoke and even the red hot ember on the end of the wick fizzle
  to nothing, he knew he had chosen the wrong room, and that soon became clear
  when he heard a noise to familiar and yet so unknown. Stone, against stone.
  It filled him with dread, a terror far beyond any he had ever known, and as
  he stood there in the pitch black, he felt it. 
Stifling a girlish scream Andrew opted for the run tactic, trying to turn
  as the thing that had grabbed him in his very first visit to the dungeon wrapped
  its slimy self once again around Andrew's ankles. He was pulled to the floor
  just seconds before he was able to reach the door. Brutally, he was wrenched
  to the center of the room, struggling and kicking with every ounce of fight
  and strength he had. This only encouraged more to snake their way around him,
  around his other ankle, his knees, hips, waist, arms, elbows and even his neck,
  until struggling became impossible, pointless. 
Once again Andrew was forced to resign to his fate. And as the first tentacle
  roughly teased at his abused ass, he realized there was no escape until these
  things had had their fill of him. 
The tentacle at his ass suddenly rammed itself into his waiting ass, as Andrew
  attempted to scream in pain one was rammed deep into his throat, stopping any
  noise that may have escaped dead where it began. Andrew gagged on it clenching
  and unclenching his fists as his breathing was now restricted not only by the
  tentacle in his mouth but also the one around his neck, turning his face into
  a deep shade of crimson. Another wrapped itself around his cock, gently tugging
  at his foreskin. 
Suddenly the lights came on and he realized he was looking right up his lady's
  skirt as she was stood over him. He blushed with embarrassment that she should
  see him in this precament, and as he looked into her eyes the tentacle in his
  ass pulled out and came all over his cock, and abdomen, drenching him in come.
  The smell of it hit Andrew's nostrils and the strangest sensation overcame
  him, he felt horny! He wanted the creatures inside him, looking up at his lady
  Rynn with pleading eyes, begging her through his gag to make another tentacle
  fuck him. And he was granted his wish with two more that rammed one after the
  other into his ass forcing him to moan pathetically into his gag. 
Soon he began to suck eagerly on the cock shaped tentacle in his mouth, willing
  it to come just to be able to smell the come again. Before long the tentacle
  in his mouth withdrew and drenched his masculine face in come, reducing him
  to nothing more than the tentacles come slut. Instead of feeling humiliated,
  he moaned and began to beg for more. 
Please, My Lady, may I have another tentacle to suck on? Please I beg you! 
Oh you are a filthy slut aren't you? You enjoy being fucked by my pets don't
  you? If you want more you have to beg better than that you filthy whore! 
Oh, My Lady please make another tentacle fuck my mouth, please give your
  slut the honor or being fucked by your pets, I beg you! 
At her command another two tentacles plunged into his gaping mouth, and closing
  his eyes he proceeded instantly to pleasure them with his pierced tongue, making
  deep grunting animal noises, lost deep in the pleasure of the violent act. 
The vines twisted and curled around him, pulling him and stretching him, making
  him writhe in pleasure as the tentacles inside him touched all the right spots,
  before long he covered the tentacle wanking him off in his own thick come.
  It uncurled and became lost somewhere in the tangle of tentacles. He opened
  his eyes momentarily and noted his Lady stood above him, laughing at him. 
Enjoying yourself slut? The two in his ass pulled out and drenched him once
  more in hot spunk and were replaced with three more, ramming in and out of
  his torn ass, making him moan and toss his head as far back as the tentacle
  around his neck would allow, in sheer pleasure. Answering her question without
  words. Well put on a good show now slut. Andrew opened his eyes, unable to
  speak because of his gag; he merely looked up at her beautiful face, puzzled. Oh,
  you didn't know? She went on you're being filmed slut, people are paying
  to watch you getting fucked. 
This seemed to do nothing apart from allow the tentacles to spread his legs
  wider and push deeper into his ass. He continued to be rammed by the tentacles
  over and over until his chest and legs were covered in come and it was gushing
  out of his mouth and ass like waterfalls, after being used for so long he began
  to lose consciousness from the lack of oxygen reaching his brain, and as he
  orgasmed once more from another tentacle seeing to his hard prick the darkness
  took over and he went limp. 
Sometime later, Andrew woke up in the bed he had first slept in for days when
  he arrived at Lady Rynn's castle that felt so long ago now. Looking down he
  saw her, her long red hair spread protectively around her beautiful gothic
  features. He wondered how she managed to stay so perfect, even now as she slept,
  her dark lashes rested on her pale cheeks. Thinking back to how the water in
  the maze seemed to miss her completely, how she commanded everything with such
  force for someone so young. Andrew sighed down at her, some of his stray hair
  fell, gently caressing her lips, lips he ached to kiss but knew if he did anything
  without permission he would be punished. 
She stirred, woke and took seconds to come to her senses, not even having
  to stretch or wipe her sleep-devoid eyes. They sparkled with mischief and love,
  flashing an eerie shade of red, as she added an evil smile to the equation,
  thanking the skies that he had a silk sheet covering his manhood Andrew bit
  his lip. Rynn's smile and eyes drove him wild with desire, as he thought about
  it, she smiled more, her beautiful crimson lips parted to reveal a perfect
  set of teeth, blessed with six sharp fangs on the top and four on the bottom.
  Far from being afraid Andrew reached for his hair, pulled it away from his
  neck and offered himself to her. His actions pleased her greatly. 
You now realize who, or what I am. Do you not fear me? 
Yes My Lady, I fear you, but I know that no harm will come of me that I do
  not wish for or enjoy. 
She took one, slow, calculated step toward the bed, lifting one stocking clad
  knee onto the bed, always looking through his eyes and into his soul, as her
  look often did. Placing her hands, on the bed, fingers spread the painted whites
  of her nails stood out against the red and black of the silk around them. As
  her other knee joined the other on the bed and she snaked towards him, his
  neck still bared to her, always looking at him, her fangs bared. She kneeled
  up, took hold of her silk negligee where it dipped into the valley of her breasts
  and tore the gentile silk straight down the middle, tearing the dainty straps
  that caressed her shoulders clean away. 
Andrew ran his eyes down her body; she wore nothing apart from a black garter
  belt, which hooked onto her opaque stockings that caressed her legs gently,
  a paradox to the way she was acting right now. As another step forward forced
  Andrew to lie down, she tore the silk sheets away from his wanting body, his
  erection standing to attention eagerly. Pleased with what she saw, her fangs
  grew sharper, her claws grew longer a trait brought on from hunting pray who
  wanted to resist. Straddling him in one fluid motion and letting his huge cock
  fill her tight hole made them both growl in pleasure. She brought him up, his
  nose inches from her naked breasts as his member stretched her insides. Rynn's
  eyes flared red, her kisses became molten lava, brushing over his already hot
  body, leaving burning trails. Her juices engulfed him, covering his hard prick
  in searing velvet, as she began to ride him, one arm draped around his neck
  for support the other running through her hair. 
Leaning back Rynn let out a moan, a guttural growl as an orgasm exploded inside
  her, sending wave after wave of heat and pleasure coursing through her veins,
  triggering more juices burning Andrew's ever hardening cock with torturing
  heat. With an evil grin she continued to ride her slut's cock, taking in each
  of his many inches with an experience of thousands of trained pussies but with
  the feeling of just one, tight, virgin. 
Even as Andrew helplessly filled her cunt with juices minutes later he knew
  it was too soon and punishment was imminent as she had orgasmed just once.
  Even as her evil smile turned into a wicked grin and thunder rumbled somewhere
  in the distance Andrew could not bring himself to resist ashamed with his performance
  and knowing whatever she had in store would be for his own good. 
He was given boxers and abruptly dragged via his hair, as was her usual manner
  out of the comfort of her bedroom and out via the kitchen into her vast garden.
  He turned back to his Lady once more to see her closing the kitchen door. 
Enjoy slut! Try not to get eaten. Be ready for training tomorrow. And with
  that Andrew heard the door close, and lock. Surveying his surroundings he noted
  the 8 fence that surrounded what he could see of the enormous garden topped
  with razor wire, keeping intruders out and prisoners in. Taking a few steps
  away from the comforting light of the kitchen and into the darkening night
  he decided to make the most of the daylight that remained and explore. The
  garden complimented the castle, an old design of an orchard and several large
  oaks lined the west side of the garden, while the entrance to what looked like
  another maze lay in the center of a huge bush to the east, a maze he would
  be staying away from, heading north, past the trees and then veering to the
  west past the orchard he found a stream running along the far end of the garden,
  looking to his left he saw a tangle of weeds covering what could only be describes
  as a very unused dirt track. 
Looking from his naked feet to the jungle of sharp looking plants Andrew decided
  to take his chances as curiosity overcome him, trying to part the majority
  of weeds with his hands he took several uneasy steps into the unknown. After
  walking for a while he passed a green house, that looked as if the last time
  anyone had used it could have past the hundred year mark, its old design giving
  it's age away. Wedging open it's door he found the usual, very, very dead plants,
  gardening equipment, gloves, a trowel, a hoe, a few brown envelopes that disintegrated
  as soon as Andrew touched them and finally a box. 
Andrew's curiosity was still not satisfied, so he opened the box, finding
  a letter, too rotten and faded to read and a key on a piece of string. The
  distant rumble of thunder had become far too close for comfort jarring Andrew
  into action as the first patter of rain hit the glass roof. Quickly placing
  the key around his neck he left the greenhouse and fought his way back through
  the foliage choosing an oak tree as his bed for the night. As he settled into
  its branches, the occasional drop of rain caressing his still-burning skin
  he fondled the key, wondering what door it might open in a place like this.
  That night Andrew fell into a deep sleep vowing that as soon as the morning
  sun woke him he would find the door and whatever it concealed. 
The sun awoke him as promised from a beautiful dream of being touched by his
  Lady. Andrew stretched happily and remembered the key around his neck ignoring
  the ache of hunger that hit his empty stomach as he dropped from the branch
  and ran his fingers through his damp hair as best he could and dropped to his
  knees at the stream. Andrew glanced at his reflection, and looking past his
  own eyes he saw the happiness that had been void from his life before finding
  this place, her and his purpose. Dipping his hands into the cool, clear water
  he couldn't help but smile. 
He washed his hands and face and ran some water through his hair making it
  damper still. In the morning light the garden was much more visible, except
  the dirt track where he was last night seemed to only head to more weeds, but
  that was the way his heart told him to head, and so far, it had not been wrong.
  Getting to he feet he paced back over to where he had stood the previous night
  and began once again to wade through the tangled foliage. 
Reaching the eerie greenhouse Andrew surveyed his surroundings, to his left
  the stood the messy green house, to his left, more weeds fenced off next to
  the orchard, so he decided to continue forward the weeds had now pushed past
  hip height and were tough. Andrew's feet were torn to shreds but as usual his
  curiosity overtook him and the weeds made to threat to finding where the key
  belonged. 
It eventually turned out that his heart was right when, far after the trees
  gave way to more weeds and the weeds that surrounded him were as high as his
  biceps Andrew saw the only door in the garden, and surely as he tried it's
  big circular handle, it was locked. The key took some turning, it was stiff
  and the lock had rusted after years of solitude. Eventually after relentless
  effort on Andrew's part the lock slid open and the door half fell apart as
  he entered yet more garden. 
Except, unlike the garden he had just spent the night in this one was perfect,
  not a weed in sight, its size had nothing on the big garden, but it was perfect.
  Flowers, all colours imaginable were in full bloom, smiling up happily at the
  sun. A waterfall flowed enthusiastically over some stones in a water feature
  in a far corner, while the birds, unaffected by Andrew's noisy entrance sang
  happily away in the few trees the lined the perimeter. But the thing that stood
  out to Andrew instantly was the magnificent rose bush that grew dominantly
  in the center of the garden; perfectly kept despite being locked away its roses
  were black. Darker than night and yet they grew towards and embraced the sunshine. 
Stepping up to the delicate flower, it's petals open and seemingly smiling
  at him and idea popped into his head. He would take one for his Lady, he chose
  a large, fully opened flower and gently stroked its petals with his fingertip,
  it was so soft and velvety it seemed to shudder at his touch. As he wrapped
  his fingers around the stem under the flower the thorns dug painfully into
  his skin, undeterred by the feeling they may be growing to protect the severing
  of a flower he pulled until the rose happily gave way. 
Deciding to head back he took one last look at the garden and wondered if
  his Lady knew that this garden existed. He turned and left, fixing the door
  to the best of his ability, smearing blood from his torn hands over the handle,
  desperately wanting to preserve the virgin beauty of what lay beyond it. Fighting
  his way once more through the weeds he practically skipped through the orchard
  back to her back door where he gently knocked and dropped to his knees in wait,
  the thorns still digging into his bleeding fingers. 
The door slowly opened; as his head was bent all Andrew could see was her
  stocking clad feet. 
Had enough of outside have you? She asked, sleepily. 
P..please My Lady, I have. I have a gift for you. His bent head concealed
  the rose from her view. 
Well, what is it? You may stand. As Andrew rose to his feet, towering a
  good foot and a half above his Lady she saw the flower held protectively between
  his bleeding fingers and bit her lip. 
Whatwhere did you find it? She smiled, a genuine smile of happiness. 
It's a black rose Lady Rynn, you have a hidden garden through the weeds.
  Here is the key to it. Andrew indicated to the key around his neck, and held
  out the rose to her. Instead of taking it, the stood on her tiptoes, placed
  a gentile kiss on his lips and pulled him inside. 
Closing the door behind them, she wordlessly uncurled his fingers, popped
  the rose in a vase full of water and turned back to Andrew, whose hands were
  dripping blood on the white tiled floor of the kitchen. Sitting at the huge
  table Rynn began to clean up his hands. After a while she spoke, Andrew noted
  the tear in her eye. 
Thank you, you cannot know how much this means, especially since going in
  that garden endangered your life. The rose you found is called the Immortal,
  it feeds off blood, had you got too close it's spines would have captured you
  and bled you dry. I locked that garden up a long time ago, although I cannot
  understand why it has managed to keep itself in such good shape after such
  a long time. She mused over what she was saying as she pulled the spines from
  Andrew's fingers, caressing him. 
After a while she seemed to snap from the trance and looked over at the rose,
  wondering how something to innocent could come from a place so shrouded in
  mystery and yet Andrew had unknowingly risked his life to bring it to her.
  Despite their situation and status she loved him dearly and his feelings towards
  her became clear. He had nothing here, except what she gave him and yet he
  managed to find so much to give to her in return. 
Later as Andrew sat in a warm bath, listening to Lady Rynn talk about her
  life, while washing his back he smiled happily to himself, the pain in his
  fingers was subsiding. 
My Lady, may I ask a question? He asked shyly. 
Yes go ahead. 
Why did you call me here? 
Well, slave it gets lonely up here in this castle, I can take care of myself,
  and the whole place single handedly. But since Raek died I have been lone here,
  and I felt out for you. 
Yes My Lady. Andrew lay back in the bath as she continued to wash his chest,
  luckily he was a fast healer and should anyone have walked in on them (very
  slim chance) no one would have pre empted what was going on behind closed doors.
  Lady Rynn's hands kept traveling lower and her image was imprinted on the back
  of his eyelids, making him moan at the sight of her. 
Soon after, Andrew felt her touching cease, opening his eyes he saw her stepping
  towards the bath holding a big fluffy towel, taking the hint he unashamedly
  stood and allowed her to help him from the bath. She began to pat him dry her
  small skilled hands worked their magic; after he was dry she let him wrap the
  towel around his waist and sit on the floor between her legs. Picking up an
  antique silver brush, its gentle prongs making short work of the few knots
  in Andrew's hair she began to glide the brush through his long jet black hair,
  knowing they were both enjoying the feeling. 
Before long Andrew's hair was dry, Lady Rynn got to her feet and informed
  him of his task. 
It is about time you met some of my friends, you will dress in what I have
  left for you in our room, I shall leave you to get myself ready, I expect you
  ready and on your knees by the front door waiting for me. 
Yes, My Lady. Andrew replied, moving to his feet quickly, closing the door
  behind her he turned to the stack of clothes neatly piled on the bathroom counter.
  He unfolded them, a mesh top, black jeans and a leash. It then dawned on him
  he was expected to go commando, frowning he pulled on the jeans and fastened
  them, enjoying the loose feeling. The then pulled on the mesh top, it felt
  good against his skin, making his nipples taught. Finally he attached to leash
  around his neck looking at his reflection he wondered where they were going
  and why he needed a leash, knowing that all would be revealed soon he headed
  for the stairs. 
At the door were a pair of big, gothic looking boots with lots of buckles,
  assuming these must be for him as his feet were almost twice the size of Rynn's
  he eased them on, enjoying the few inches of extra height they gave him but
  remembering she had ordered him to his knees, he bent and waiting for her arrival. 
As it was he didn't need to wait long, she came tottering down the stairs
  in impossible, similar looking boots to those Andrew was wearing, but more
  feminine. Red fishnet stockings hugged her sexy legs and a tight red and black
  PVC dress hugged her every curve, topped with metal buckles across her chest.
  The collar of the dress, which joined together after a big gap in the material
  showed off her ample assets, hid her neck. Her hair looked wild in red and
  black wool bunches. The sight made Andrew quiver in excitement. She was clearly
  pleased to as she pulled him to his feet via his new leach and planted a passionate
  kiss on his lips. 
Rynn pulled him out of the door and down the steps of the castle entrance,
  and there on the drive was a black Audi TT, its black body shimmered in the
  evening sun and Andrew's eyes nearly popped out of his head. She opened the
  passenger door and indicated he should enter; Andrew did not need asking twice.
  She soon joined him in the drivers seat, and after putting on her seat belt
  she pulled away spraying gravel behind her. 
The cars on the road seemed to just part for her, and all the way there not
  a single red light stopped them enabling them to stay above 50 most of the
  way there. She drove single handedly ignoring the cruise control option and
  it became clear that Lady Rynn commanded everything in this life not just her
  slave. 
Soon after they arrived at a desolate warehouse, driving her car near to the
  entrance of one of the units she told Andrew to get out of the car which was
  picked up by a young boy, who was more than a little pleased to see her. 
Rynn! Darling! The boy air kissed the sides of her face, while she smiled,
  unimpressed, oooh, do you have a new toy? He proceeded to run his little
  hands over Andrew's broad chest. Mmm, he's a tasty one, where did you find
  him? 
Oh Gareth, you know me. I found him half dead at the side of my castle. 
Let me take your car, I finish shift in an hour can I get you and your new
  toy a drink? 
Sure thing darling, see you later. She dropped her keys and a ten-pound
  note into Gareth's eager hands as he thanked her profusely he tugged on Andrew's
  leash and he was forced to follow. The bouncer on the door did little more
  than nod as Lady Rynn approached him and entered the dark room, bypassing the
  cloakroom as neither had brought coats. 
Andrew surveyed his surroundings, a lot of people sat smoking and drinking
  around tables, lots of people had slaves, including males with female slaves.
  He stayed as close to his Lady as he could apprehensive of someone taking him
  away. Several people stopped to talk to Rynn but he was never introduced to
  anyone directly, at least not using his name, many touched him, smelt him and
  some even kissed him. He was a little nervous but couldn't repel through fear
  of upsetting his Lady. 
Andrew noticed many couples had moved upstairs or into rooms set of to the
  side of the club, sometimes three or four people had gone in together, but
  the loud music that blared from the huge music system drowned out everything
  but his thoughts. To his surprise he was given a jack and coke but was to stay
  at Lady Rynn's feet as she spoke to her friends. He gladly sipped at his drink
  looking up at his Lady's face from time to time and feeling the gentile tug
  she gave on the lead to remind him where she was, although there was no chance
  to forget as his back was resting on the chair, between her legs. 
People were coming and offering Lady Rynn wads of cash to have Andrew for
  an hour, she seemed reluctant to agree, stressing he was new and she wanted
  to be near him, just to keep her eyes on him. She told him later that a lot
  of the people here couldn't be trusted especially with someone tall and strong
  like him, they tend to want to really hurt you, there's a thin line between
  pleasure and a pervert. 
Soon after Andrew was given another jack and coke, not one to shy away from
  alcohol he took it gladly, as the jd and cokes started to make his world pleasantly
  fuzzy he was suddenly yanked to his feet by the leash and frog marched into
  a vacant room, which turned out to be fully working dungeons, with a huge cross
  on one wall, chains hanging from the ceiling, a huge bed, fitted with restraints
  along with whips, paddles and various other scary-looking apparatus attached
  to the walls. 
Looking around Andrew had a chance to see his captors he saw his Lady, watching
  him closely along with two very big built men whom he guessed must have been
  the ones who grabbed him. He was soon ordered to strip and musing that resistance
  would not be accepted he coyly began to remove what little clothing he had,
  noting that he was commando and erect pleased both men greatly, and they two
  began to strip, their clothes were not that dissimilar to what Andrew was wearing
  but their clothes were stretched taught over rigid muscles. 
Looking back over to his Lady Andrew saw she was biting her lip, no doubt
  worried for his safety, but his view was blocked by the huge men approaching
  him, he tried to look around them pleading to his Lady but he was grabbed roughly
  and thrown on the bed. He whimpered, trying to scramble away from the men after
  he caught sight of their erections, just as one of them climbed on the bed
  to seize him the door to the dungeon opened and in walked another woman, she
  was shorter than Rynn, despite her huge platform stiletto boots, which was
  all she was wearing, other than a coy smile. Andrew looked at her as she approached
  the huge bed, joining him on it she was thrown roughly onto all fours, followed
  shortly by Andrew who was placed in the same position, both were mounted by
  the huge men. As one cock slid into the girls sopping pussy Andrew learnt her
  name. 
Oh Sara, you fucking wench your pussy is so wet for me. His grunts were
  followed by a loud slap on her ass. 
Mmmm, bitch you're horny for your masters aren't you? 
Y-yes sir, she managed to whisper. I am your slave please abuse me. Andrew
  couldn't help but stare at Sara's face while she was fucked, each thrust sent
  her deeper into the black silk sheets below her, making her moan in pleasure.
  He felt the other mans fingers probe his ass crack, they were lubed up. 
Were going to use your slutty pussy juice to lube up this whore's ass so
  we can fuck him. Andrew guessed the voice belonged to the man who was about
  to fuck his ass. Soon after the finger that had been spreading Sara's pussy
  juice around his hole began to slowly slide in, Andrew's head began to swim
  in a mixture of agony and pleasure, the jd and cokes beginning to wear off
  slightly. Soon after one finger was replaced with two, filling up his ass,
  pleasure mixed father in with the pain, threatening to make him vomit. Taking
  a deep breath Andrew allowed the pleasure to take over as he fell into another
  haze of alcohol and heat letting his body accommodate the invading digits.
  His Lady had moved closer to the side of the bed, watching as finally the fingers
  were replaced with a monstrous cock, making Andrew scream in agony and reach
  out for his Lady's hand. 
Andrew squirmed and shook beneath the almighty weight of the guy (and his
  dick) pushing against his back, driving the huge tool home with each deep thrust.
  The guy fucking Sara came soon after, as he pulled from her soaked pussy he
  squirted his load over her back, forcing her into the bed sheets. Moaning,
  but not close to finishing the man walked around to face Andrew, grabbing his
  hair, he forced his still hard prick into Andrew's mouth and down his throat,
  of course his instant reaction was to gag, which is what he did, almost to
  the point of vomiting. But the man held his prick still, stopping the contents
  of Andrew's stomach from making an unwanted appearance. 
Before long Andrew began to suck, trying to dissatach his mind from the pain
  beginning to arise in his ass and concentrate on the taste of Sara's juices
  on this man's cock, wishing it were his Lady's juices he was tasting. The man
  in Andrew's ass pulled out before he came, moved to where Sara had fallen face
  first into the bed, ass in the air legs still spread and wanked over her ass.
  As he came over her already soaked ass and back he slapped her a few times,
  letting her know just how much of a filthy come whore she was, something to
  which Andrew had become accustomed to. 
Sara was then dragged off the bed and Andrew was shoved onto his back, bringing
  relief from the pain in his knees, a relief that was short lived as the cock
  was brutally replaced in his still open mouth. Sara was then ordered to suck
  Andrew's cock, and of course, being the slave had no choice but to oblige.
  Andrew closed his eyes, wishing it was his Lady sucking his cock, opening his
  eyes again, he saw his Lady, watching him attently, ready to strike should
  the men or Sara step out of line. Again he stuck out his hand to her, and she
  acknowledged it with a simple nod of her head, but did nothing about it. 
Closing his eyes again, he thought back to waking up in that room, it seemed
  to long ago now, it felt so right, as this situation and each he had been involved
  in so far had felt. He belonged here being used and abused for his Lady's pleasure.
  It was a part of him. 
Soon after the man came deep down his throat, forcing him to swallow everything
  the feeling pushed him over the edge and he bucked, his hips rose off the bed,
  skewering Sara on his prick and forcing his come down her throat. As she was
  coated in spunk for the third time this evening the two men cleaned up and
  dragged her from the room still soaked in come no doubt to be thrown to all
  the horny men in the club who would be more than happy to call her a slut and
  use her body father. Andrew lay back on the sheets exhausted, as he gasped
  for breath he turned to his Lady who stepped away from the wall counting a
  huge bundle of notes which she placed in her corset for safe keeping. 
She then reached out her dainty hands to him and helped him to his feet. He
  shook momentarily from the lack of support but saw that his treatment had greatly
  pleased his Lady and she lead him happily through a side door and into another
  lavish bathroom. Something to which Andrew had become accustomed to and it
  never failed to surprise him that each bath he took seemed to be ready and
  waiting for him. He knew this bath was to be a different one as Rynn had begun
  to strip, despite the clothes she was wearing looking difficult to take off
  she managed it with not only ease, but a sexy grace. Beginning with her dress,
  which she removed via the criss cross lace holding the neck together, followed
  by the metal clasps on her corset, she slid the dress over her head. Her red
  stockings hung from her garter belt, which the slid away with a brief snap.
  Leaving just a black thong, which she tantalizingly removed, sliding it slowly
  down her shapely legs. 
Andrew stared in awe at the sight, although he had felt her naked body above
  him it never failed to turn him on, and in his naked state it was clear. He
  was ordered to sit in the bath. He obliged and stepped into the enormous black
  bath, noting how the colour made the water look dark, how the smells of the
  bubble bath filled his head. Andrew was able to stretch out his legs and recline
  watching his Lady approached, his arms resting on the sides, allowing tiny
  drops of water to splash to the white tiled floor. 
Rynn placed a foot inside the bath, helped in by Andrew's outstretched hand
  and sat, without hesitation on his lap, facing away from him, and reclined
  into his chest. In return Andrew wrapped his long arms around her shoulders
  and kissed her neck, invoking a tiny moan of satisfaction from her lips. She
  took his hands and rested them on her breasts, inviting him to tease her nipples,
  which he did with joy. Using his thumb and forefinger, he pulled and pinched
  until they stood on end. Andrew let one hand stay on her tit and the other
  inch down over her stomach, and lower. 
Turning her head Rynn let her lips find Andrew's the exact same time his hand
  found her pussy, and began to tease her clit. She moaned and bit his lip gently,
  making him shiver beneath her. Before long Rynn turned, sending water over
  the edge of the bath and splashing onto the floor. As she straddled him, his
  hand still on her pussy and nipple she reached her hand below the water and
  gripped his now throbbing erection. Making him gasp and whimper in pleasure.
  She allowed her tongue to tease his and her hand to work its magic moaning
  into him every time he touched her clit or slipped a digit inside her. Until
  she could take no more and sat on his cock, taking him like her slut. 
Andrew bit his lip as he felt her tight little pussy slid over his cock, each
  time it never failed to invoke a feeling within him that he had never felt
  before, her juices burnt him, but instead of it hurting it just made him harder,
  the need to thrust overcame him, and he succumbed to it, pushing his cock deeper
  inside her. Feeling her juices sear his already burning cock, letting the familiar
  feeling surround him as his cock slid deeper inside her. Making her moan and
  claw at his soft, wet skin. 
With each thrust, more water poured over the edge of the tub, Rynn reached
  behind Andrew and gripped the sides for support, knocking on the shower in
  her haste. As the spray began to drench them both, they kissed; letting little
  drops of water run over their hair and faces. The tiny drops burnt Andrew's
  skin with hot kisses, drenching them father, urging him to thrust harder as
  the scene of water drops hitting his Lady drove him almost crazy with lust
  for her. The drops slid over her face, smearing her make up, resting on her
  luscious lips. Caressing them. 
Andrew moaned from she sheer look on her face, and with each scratch she raked
  into his skin it pushed him close, and then over the edge, he gripped her and
  shot his load into her delicious pussy, sending her into orgasm with the feeling
  of his seed pumping inside her. Their moans and juices entwined, bouncing from
  the bathroom walls, sending more water over the edge. As they caught their
  breaths, Rynn stepped out of the bath and turned off the shower, wrapping herself
  in a huge black fluffy towel and offering one to Andrew who followed her from
  the tub. 
They quickly dried each other off, careful not to slip on the soaked floor,
  rubbing the soft towels across their damp skin, teasing. After quickly dressing
  they moved back into the dungeon where Andrew's clothes were collected and
  Lady Rynn allowed him to dress once again finally his lead was reattached and
  they headed out of the door and back into the noisy club. A few people greeted
  her on their way out, and Gareth sat waiting in her Audi TT. 
Thanks Gareth, darling. She said slipping the lanky boy another note as
  he slid from the drivers seat. 
My pleasure Rynn. He said, giving her some more air kisses before she sat
  in her seat, telling Andrew to take his seat next to her, which he did obediently.
  Very soon Andrew fell asleep in his chair, exhausted. 
He woke up, in bed. Unaware of how or when he had got there, remembering the
  night before, at the club brought shudders of pain and pleasure to him. Getting
  to his feet, he dragged a silk sheet with him into the bathroom. Rubbing his
  eyes he noted the pile of clean clothes left expertly folded and the shower
  was running. Through the steam he saw a brief message scrawled in the condensation
  on the shower. 
Naughty slut! 
Smiling he stepped in and let the water run the sleep away, soaking his hair
  plastering it to his face. He brought his hands to his face and washed it,
  letting the spray run over his eyes and into his mouth. Opening his eyes he
  reached for the shower gel and ran it from the bottle until his fingers overflowed.
  Soaping up his hands he ran them over his lean body, over his arms and chest,
  face, hair and down the parts of his back that he could easily reach. Down
  over his ass, around to his crotch and finally down his legs. To finish he
  simply let the spray rinse away all of the soap feeling refreshed he left the
  shower and reached for a towel which he hugged around him and dried himself
  off. 
The sweet smell of shower gel along with the warm steam filled the room, warming
  Andrew up. Condensation blurred all of the mirrors, streaking as it turned
  to water drops. He quickly dressed, brushing his hair for a while until it
  was semi dry and went off in search of his Lady. 
He knew something was wrong as soon as he left the room. Andrew could hear
  voices somewhere followed by a faint whimper he guessed to be his Lady's. Stepping
  slowly to the landing he saw her, lying on the floor, curled up. Three men
  surrounded her. 
Just find my fucking money! One said, taking a menacing step toward the
  other two, then, when the had taken he hint he turned his attentions to Rynn.
  Andrew felt the blind rage rise within him; it grew over coming all rational
  thought. He ran to the other side of the landing, leaning on the door that
  he had been stopped from entering last time he had dared to explore. Now was
  a matter of life or death. He felt for the handle and was pleased to find the
  door unlocked. He slowly entered what appeared to be a study. As quickly and
  quietly as he could manage he began to search for a weapon. 
Opening a drawer he was not disappointed. It was full of knives and guns,
  taking two knifes and shoving them into the waist of his jeans he grabbed a
  gun, popped in a magazine with a satisfying click, pulling back the chamber,
  a look of sheer determination crossed his face. As he heard two men mounting
  the stairs he grabbed the two samurai swords on the wall behind him and stood
  hidden behind the door. 
This one looks like a study Grady, bet the bitch has a safe in here somewhere. 
Alright Birch, you first. 
Andrew all but growled, no one called his Lady a bitch and got away with it.
  The next thing he saw was the gun coming through the door, he saw his chance
  and brought up his fist, knocking Birch's hand so hard the gun flew to the
  other room, sending both men running into the room. As Grady shoved Birch into
  the room he pushed him onto the samurai sword poised in Andrew's waiting hands.
  As blood poured from the open wound, staining the carpet Andrew raised his
  foot and kicked Birch off the sword gargling his own blood welcoming his own
  oblivion as Grady raised his gun for vengeance. 
Not so fast fucker, Grady hissed as Andrew turned away, ran at the wall
  he was faced with a cloud of bullets as he took the wall matrix style, kicking
  himself away he managed to turn and catch Grady square in the solar plexus.
  Winding him. 
Grady began to sit up groaning. Andrew stood above him, gun in hand, silencer
  on. 
NO ONE calls my Lady a bitch and lives. Grady's death was silent as Andrew
  pumped six or seven bullets into his chest point blank, and turned for the
  door. For his prey. He looked at his carnage, his fangs released from their
  sheathes for the first time at the sight of the blood. Suddenly things became
  clear in his head. How she was so powerful, so gracious. How her juices should
  have burnt, but never did. How she seemed to be able to command everything
  in her path so well. The ants in the maze, managing to stay dry, her fangs.
  And those eyes. 
There was no time to muse over this right now, he had her, and he wanted his
  money back. Andrew was adamant he was not going to get it. Gripping the swords
  he snuck, bent, out onto the landing. He saw her, tied up, unconscious from
  the potion he had just forced on her with the white hanky. Anger rose up inside
  him until once again all he was red. Sneaking down the stairs he nearly tripped,
  drawing the huge man's attention seconds before he was about to have his wicked
  way with his bound Lady. 
So you're her new toy then are you? His voice was gruff, it sounded like
  too many cigarettes and whiskeys alone in cheap motel rooms. His stained shirt
  and stubby yellowed fingers said it all. Andrew was disgusted, as soon as the
  man reached for his gun Andrew kneeled, as he did he grabbed a knife from its
  sheath and threw it. It pierced the man's hand with enough force to pin him
  in agony to the doorframe. 
In his first moment of glory Andrew stepped up to the shuddering man. Wrenched
  his head to one side and tore into his shoulder, invoking a scream from the
  man. As the blood flowed down his throat his carnal hunger finally sated, he
  left the man in the final stages of his life to wither alone. And turned to
  his Lady, scooping her in his arms to took her to their room where he laid
  her on the soft bed and splashed her face with cold water. 
Sometime later she came around, to see her price, kneeling at her side. She
  smiled and drew him to her, kissing him with passion and vigor. They pulled
  away and Lady Rynn scanned his face. Andrew smiled. 
You have released the slave within me. And much more. I love you Lady Rynn. 








Releasing the slave within


 
  Gemma
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1000
  2006-04-27T00:20:00Z
  2006-05-08T20:58:00Z
  2006-05-08T20:58:00Z
  1
  5789
  32999
  274
  77
  38711
  10.2625
 

 
  1
  1
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Releasing
the slave within.

Part
3.

To excruciating
pain, and beyond

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 Rynn smiled at Andrew, his words
and valiant efforts at rescuing her had not gone unnoticed. But as far as she was concerned his training
had only just begun, Andrew still had a lot to learn from her and her love did
not come so easily.

 Strip whore! Came the reply to
the gentile words Andrew had so bravely spoken, but undeterred by her blunt
attitude he stripped slowly eager to show his Lady how much she meant to him.

 Getting to her feet she
conveniently produced a whip from down beside the bed and began to thrash him,
without any warning. Andrew fell to the
floor alarmed by her sudden ferocity and attempted to shield his face,
relentlessly Rynn beat him, and the small riding crop kissed his tender skin
audibly, leaving smeared lipstick in broken blood cells. A shade Andrew was
coming to endure more often.

 Soon after he was on the verge
of tears, begging her to stop her punishment through sharp erratic breathes. 

 Please My Lady, I beg you stop,
please. what have I done to anger you, ooowwww pleaseit hurts. I Once
again, without warning she ceased and simply stepped over his bleeding
shivering body and left him alone.

 Andrew lay, shaken at her
unexpected outburst, tears welled in his eyes, not purely because of the pain
but because of her severity, the way that despite he had spoke some of the most
gentile and sincere words in his short life, she seemed unaffected by them, or
perhaps they had annoyed her. he was at a loose end.

 Some time later, after he had
fallen painfully asleep on the hard floor, curled into a foetal position, the
heavy rain batted the windowpanes. He glanced at the window; saw the evening
sky draw taught over the sunshine, the wind blew the trees across the window,
tapping them gently.

 Easing himself to his full
height, Andrew wiped the dried tears from his face and went in search of his
lady, full of apologies, and for food to satisfy his rumbling stomach. 

 The castle was eerily silent,
nothing but the wind and rain for noise, Andrew looked into most rooms
bypassing the dungeon, scared to bump into the tentacles or his lady, with a
whip.

 Deciding that the pain in his
belly needed satisfying he headed to the kitchen and made himself a meal of a
sandwich, fruit, and a huge mug of coffee. Once satisfied he continued to
search, but to no avail, his lady was nowhere in the castle. Unsure what to do
he headed to the room where he had first come to and curled into the sheets
that held Rynns smell. She smelt of spices and travel to foreign countries,
the gentile aromas allowed him to see the vision of her face, etched into his
eyelids, her small but strong features swam into his vision.

 He smiled outwardly, feeling
strangely protected, a feeling which was soon altered once her smell was
replaced with his own, once again the tears welled, Andrew missed his lady
dearly and couldnt help wonder why she had left him to fend for himself.

 Andrew must have fallen asleep,
it was still dark when he woke, glancing round, his new night vision allowed
him to see things in such great detail, the barely there moonlight shone
through his window, casting shadows that the human eye would not be able to
pick up. Once again the castle seemed
deadly silent, but now the whole world seemed to have died along with it, no
noise came from the still trees anymore, the rain had
long since stopped.

 With a sudden ferocity the
hunger hit him, from the pit of his stomach, not like the hunger that had made
his stomach growl earlier that day, but a need far greater, that forced his
fangs from their sheaths and the noises that seemed not to exist before
suddenly came alive, each droplet of rain from the tree outside sounded like a
crashing symbol as it hit the ground. 

 But after a few minutes of
covering his ears, Andrew realised he could block out the noise, and did so. He
had to drink, and knowing with sick realisation it was blood he wanted he stood
unable to move, trying desperately to ignore the feeling but knowing it was
useless to deny the inevitable. 

 Andrew brought his hands up to
his face, noting how the nails on the end of his long, slender fingers had
grown strong, for climbing no doubt, and catching his prey. A
thought that shook him to his darkened core. His lady had changed him,
no doubt to ensure his survival, without his new skills he wouldnt have been
able to defeat the men that had threatened to take Rynn away from him. Turning
his hands over a few times Andrew also noted the paleness of his skin, the way
his midnight blue veins stood out on his grey tinged ivory skin. 

 By now the hunger had begun to
scare Andrew, its intensity threatened to rip free from him, crouching down at
the sudden pain he realised he was changing, stretching and tearing came from
his spine, an agonising white hot heat seared through him as huge blood covered
wings emerged from his torn back. It healed in seconds.

 Andrew stood, his bodys shadow
flung against the far wall making him appear bigger, his wings jutted proudly
from his back, they had torn away the top he had put on for warmth, he wore
nothing but a pair of black pants, that exposed most of his stomach and a small
scattering of dark hairs that lead down the promise of much more. 

 The scene belonged in the
movies; here he was, where a few weeks before he had
sat at the desk of a crowded office stressed with piles of work, he now stood
as some sort of demon, in a castle never visited by the outside world. Andrew
smiled; this was his new life, a place where he felt he belonged, wings, hunger
and blood.

 But what of
his lady? She had not put in an appearance for hours; searching his
connection to her he felt she was far away, but not in danger. Stepping gracefully to the window he placed
his hand on the icy glass, not feeling it as a mortal would and glanced into
the dark night. Nothing out there scared him anymore, he was the hunter, and he
was the feared. 

 Andrew thought of his past, a
feeling of wonder had always been with him, he remembered feeling watched his
whole life, watched and protect by an unknown force, but a lot had happened to
him in his short life, his early years were plagued with abuse, a mistrust of
an evil man. Thinking back to those days brought a painful tear to his eye
knowing that he had gone unpunished

 Thats it run and hide Andrew
came the voice, his voice Andrew ran, panting, looking for a good hiding place,
he was scared of the man, he didnt know that what he was doing was wrong, as a child he was shunned into a guilty silence. The bushes
were small, could hide his small body easily. Andrew wriggled inside and held
his knees to his nose trying to not shake or breathe too hard, despite the
beating in his chest. He swallowed hard as the man reached 20, heard the heavy
treat of his boots seem to shake the ground, Andrew took in a long, deep breath
and bit down on his knee, wincing at the pain but knowing it would stop him
from yelling out. 

 The man walking slowly, each
step calculated, he of course knew where Andrew was hidden since he was peeking
as he counted, in his mind what he was doing excited him. Several screws had
been lost with the abuse he had received from his father, hardened him from his
feelings over the years. 

 Hmmm.
He muttered, his voice was gruff from smoke and
whiskey, a substitute cushion for this worthless life. Andrew could almost hear
him scrape his fingers over his stubble, despite shaving that morning. It
sickened him, brought a vile acidic feeling to the back of his throat. everything about the nasty man did. Andrew was a little
spark, forced to grow up before his time had wizened him. As the man stood
inches from the tree that offered no protection Andrew slid backwards trying to
make a run for it. He miscalculated his
steps and slipped down the bank, grassing his knees as most children do but it
was a grave mistake, Andrew knew his abuse was bad, but when angered he lost
all his inhibitions. 

 As his hand came down and his
fingers coiled in Andrews t-shirt he closed his eyes tight and begged inside
for his mummy. 

 When he opened his eyes again,
Andrew was back in the castle watching a storm brewing, along with his anger,
turning he was now blind with rage, it had befallen him like a red veil, his
vision was blurred, smeared with a scarlet ferocity. His feet barely touched
the floor his wings stretched a good foot above his head, and brushed against
the door jam as he headed for the door.  

 Outside the cold night air
bypassed him, he felt nothing now, nothing but the anger that opened his wings
and sent him with a grim smile on his face.
He sped over the vast forest that surrounded his ladys castle, a great
river, toward the rising sun. 

 The man, withered from age, sat
in his armchair, he faced another sleepless night, blurred by more cigarettes
and even more whiskey, he had long since stopped feeling the burn as it passed
his decaying throat but waited for the warmth that spread up, that blanked out
his childless, loveless existence. He was aware of the demon inside him,
growing, like ivy chokes a tree, he monster inside was choking him, it was too
late though. The doctors had informed him the disease was spreading at a rate
they had never seen in their professional lives. It had started in his lungs, every winter his
cough got worse, this year he was woken up every morning hacking like a madman,
the mucus (he mused that to be the answer) simply wouldnt budge and the cough
went far on into the mornings, ironically, cigarettes seemed to be the only
thing that eased the pain. 

 Like lightening the disease had
spread, from his chest to his lymph nodes, stomach, liver, brain and anywhere
it could latch its greedy little cells to. It had
taken him just a month from the first morning of coughing to hall his ass to
the practitioner, who had shipped him off to hospital without a second though.

 Im sorry. The young man had
said, of course he wasnt sorry since he was obliged to tell many people each
day they were dying. Not even the word cancer hit home. He knew his fate, and
now he was left with the daily struggle of living. A nurse visited once a day,
just that week he had been forced to give her a key as he had become confided
to his urine soaked arm chair, the tv sat on all day, ignored. His mind was
elsewhere, in a pit of misery.

 He had never married, but gone
through a string of girlfriends who had fled at the first glimpse of his
violent side, he bore no children and was not allowed to keep animals. Taking
another messy swig of the brown liquid that had come to be his friend and
console he saw a figure walk past his window, gently lit by the flickering tv. Watching the door
intently he found himself hoping it was someone come
to rob him and put him out of his misery. As the door flew from its hinges the
old man gasped. And wet himself.  

 There was no mistaking him, his hair may be longer, his body, young slender,
topless. His face, the Cupids bow lips, and graceful curved
nose. Andrew. But it wasnt the thought of the child he had spent many
nights babysitting and abusing had returned, but thething he had become.
Wings, several feet long folded neatly behind him, his face was taught with
anger, his features twisted ferociously bearing six
enormous fangs on his upper set of jaws and four on his lower.

 His fists that clenched and
unclenched bore claws, as sharp as saws, as did his naked feet. Andrew fought
to keep himself in line wanting to make this mans death slow and painful. Two
steps was all it took Andrew to cross the tiny front
room and to tower above the old man, he reached down and gripped him by the
collar, drew his face close.

 The stench from the old man made
Andrew sick to his stomach, the smell of months of decay hit him like a ton of
bricks, but Andrew very quickly gripped onto his nerve.

 Thats it, run and hide
Andrew, he repeated with ferocity of years of pent up anger. You cant hide
now can you? Again Andrew fought of the desire to tear him limb from limb. The
man merely stared, frozen in horror and history repeating itself. 

 Kill me the man managed to
croak.

 Gladly.
Came Andrews sole reply and he tore the mans throat
clean away from the bone, only to throw him on the floor retching from the
rancid taste of his blood. The man lay to choke and bleed to death as the word
cancer groaned from Andrews lips and he took off once again into the night a
feel of nausea sweeping over him.

 Somewhere in the forest he lost
consciousness, and fell into the trees, the branches, cutting and scraping his
new wings, his skin tore and bled onto the forest floor and once again the
night took over, strong, silent and proud.


 Like history repeating itself
she came, out of the darkness as if she had never been there before and had
flown in the wind, a mixture of particles and spices, come to save the day.

 Effortlessly Rynn took his limp
body into her arms, knowing Andrew had ingested far too much cancerous blood to
make it alone, her composure would never allow her to worry about it, it was
simply time to call in a few favours, which meant a trip. Sighing at the
prospect of several days of driving, and trying to
keep Andrew stable would take much of her energy, but he was worth it.

 Rynn packed little, a few
changes of clothes, her toothbrush and a cooler full of blood along with her
medical box. She decided the land rover was a better choice than her Audi since
it had a lot more room, and was good should she need to head cross country.
Once the car was packed she tended to Andrew. He was in a bad state, shivering
occasionally, no doubt stuck in a nightmare he couldnt escape from. She bent
down and kissed his head, which seemed to soothe him from deep inside his
raging mind.  

 Bundling him into the modified
back seat/bed she put on a very slow drip of her own blood, meant only to
restore his powers soon after he got through this, and then began the car,
running around the castle once more to make sure everything was ok.

 Twenty minutes down the road her
mind was already wandering away from the road, realising her hunger was gaining
on her slowly, Rynn cursed. It never chose a convenient time, still after 124
years the hunger had subsided so much that she could survive on just one kill a
month. Turning up the radio and checking
the rear view mirror, to see Andrew asleep she put her foot down harder on the
accelerator and drove far into the night.

 The service station was empty,
Rynns car keys jingled slightly as she crept, running her hands along the
glass doors, running silently for the first fake plant
as cover. There seemed to be no one around, she looked into her mind, her TK
told her there was blood to be found here, mostly in the male toilets, a
meeting place for the truckers. 

 Sensing there was time Rynn ran
off to one of the shops that stayed open 24/7 and purchased a soft bear that
had a little red ribbon around its neck, some JD and a cd. Dumping the bag
behind the same potted plant Rynn took up her vigil of the toilets again,
crouching she zoned in on the noises of the tiled room, belching, farting the
general behaviour of untrained men, tapping into them Rynn felt that the
majority had a few to drink, but there was one, a young man, on his way to his
lover no doubt, it was a shame he would never see his destination.

 Her taking of blood was loveless
and ritual, she waited until the room was empty of all but him then simply
sauntered in, he looked shocked, partly because she was a woman in a guys
toilet and because she was so beautiful, spraying his blood on the grubby tiles
wasnt difficult he LET her kiss him, and later welcomed his fate, knowing
blood loss kills. Rynn let his body slump against the stall toilet, blood
dripping down the walls; she grabbed her bag and headed back to the land
rover. Andrew still lay slumped on the
back seat, his breathing had slowed to a steady rise and fall and his
nightmares had subsided into visions of his lady as he took in her blood. 

 I got you this, She said
gently tucking the bear under his arm, he seemed to smile, but Rynn wasnt
sure. Jumping into the drivers seat she popped the cd in the player and sped
off once more.

 Two days and four service
stations later Rynn stopped her car, in the middle of a field of sheep, a field
that stretched for miles, into mountains, a river and more fields. The
countryside air was fresh, the breeze cool, and once the land rovers engine
was silent it felt as if theyd travelled back in time, and literally, they
had. Here the vampires were old school, it was old dress, human enemies, no
daylight etc etc, not Rynns cup of tea, although they thought her mental to
practise such odd techniques she would be more than welcomed. It wasnt very
long at all before news of her arrival had spread and out of nowhere came three
of the elders, dressed as per usual in long robes, hoods down.

 They reached her arms
outstretched, Rynn, my dear. Said the middle figure.
What brings you to our side of the world, and thank you once again for parking
your land rover in the middle of our corn field.

 Well you know me Valek, never
one for a subtle entrance.

 Yes.(cough)
well, as I was asking, to what do we owe the pleasure of your visit? Under
normal circumstances the figures would have removed their hoods, but the elders
were severely against the sunlight. 

 My Andrew. Rynn said pointing
to the car. He called out to me so I answered, he has been changed for about 3
weeks now, hes coping well although he had a rather
nasty encounter with a cancerous batch of blood.

 Oh dear, I see. Said Valek. I am to assume he is a mortal?

 Bingo.

 Rynn, dear you really need to
stop getting yourself into these scrapesbut you know you are more than welcome
in our realm, please excuse me I have to attend important business and shall be
out of the city for a few days, but my assistants Sarten and Mikeal will be
more than happy to offer you anything you need, please leave your companion
with them and he will be well looked after. 

 Thank you Valek. Rynn replied.
With that he shimmered out of sight and left the four of them alone. Sarten and
Mikeal proceeded to remove Andrew from the car, along with the blood from the
cooler. And instructed her to her new room below ground.
Of course the best had been prepared at such short notice. 

 Left to her own devices Rynn
decided to greet some old friends, perhaps organise some sort of celebration.
There was of course another reason for her arrival at her home ground; The Highlands
was the place most vampyres came to complete the ceremony of the life bonding,
where two vampyres were bonded in the ancient way, as soul mates. But Andrew
wasnt a vampyre or an elder, which was common practice for all females to bond
with elders. Valek knew of Andrews
mortal origins, and even though he may not have voiced his opinions earlier it
was clear that he, and a few others might have
something to say on the matter.

 Rynn connected to her slave for
a short time, felt him to still be in his weakened state, although he had now
stabilized. Cancerous blood could be fatal to even elders in large doses,
strange that Andrew as a mortal had drank enough to kill him several times over..and had lived this long, it didnt bear thinking about.
Although Rynn was a new age vampyre and kept Andrew as her slut, she loved
him. Her broken heart had called out to him, after she had finished mourning
over Raek.

 His tall muscular frame easily
shrouded Rynn, but she didnt mind that, when she was sired by a French prince
long ago, she was barely 21, hadnt had the chance to develop fully, her
breasts werent at their full size but were ample, and at a mere 54 she was
deemed tall for her age back then. All attributes the courageous Raek found
most admirable in his vampyrik bride. This was their day of union and they were
about to part, as in mortal marriages seeing the bride in her union gowns was
deemed unlucky and therefore forbidden, of course not unlucky in a sense that a
couple may not stay together because unlike their mortal counterparts,
marriage, or union as it was called was a life bonding, personal vows were
said..blood swapped, followed by a very passionate 3
days. 

 The 3 days that followed a union
were often sketchy as they could differ some couples preferred to live as
humans since couplings often involved half-breeds while fully fledged vampyres
preferred to have hard, and often damaging sex
followed by a long sleep to recoup. 

 Raek was an elder, Rynn a mere
fledgling, however when she was sired it came about that she was born a
vampyre, the blood her master had given her had enabled her to become a
day-walker and an asset to her Highland coven. Joining with Raek was her life dream come
true, behind closed doors Raek was submissive, enjoyed being beaten and
punished by Rynn. In public he was a pillar of strength and his secret was
never voiced.

 The pair, still naked from their
sleep stood close, Raeks lips kissed Rynns took them between his teeth and
bit, tasting the tiniest trickle of fresh blood, her life blood tasted sweet,
mixed with her Masters Ivan. He was a good man, and Raek knew that Ivan had
given his personal permission for this union. Before long Raek and Rynn were
lying back on the ruffled bed, parting her small legs Raek thrust into her
evoking a moan of pleasure from Rynn.

 Soon the air was charged, things
began to move, the wind picked up fluttering the curtains, they were red as
most things inside their mansion, the colour of passion, love and of course
blood.

 Their sex was frantic, hard and
fast paced, Raek growled and thrust as hard as he could, resting his huge
weight on one arm while the other kneaded Rynns milky while breast. Rynns
head was buried in Raeks shoulder biting at his honey coloured flesh.

 Before long Raek came along with
Rynn and a loud growl of sated pleasure Raek pulled her close and kissed her.

 I will see you at our union my
bride. And with that Raek stalked from their room. That was the last time Rynn
saw him conscious. 

 You still think of him dont you?
The familiar voice put a non-too-pleased smile on Rynns face. Arkah, an elder, with an attitude. Rynn had never liked
himArkah had never understood why they had made Rynn a princess. A mutual dislike. 

 Whats it to you Arkah? Rynn
asked forcing the urge to yell at him down. Its your fault hes dead. There
it was, verbal diarrhoea, it just came up, along with the ions of pent up
anger, vampyres were known for holding grudges for a long time. 

 His hand was almost weightless
on her shoulder.

 Thats a nice piece of meat you
have thereshame youre not going to stay around very long to be joined with
him.

 Before Rynn had a chance to
react Arkah grabbed her around her neck, holding tight, Rynn knew Arkah, being
on of the ancients, even if he was the most disliked was much stronger than
her, and her attempts at overpowering him that would have easily killed any
mere mortal were wasted on Arkah. Rynn could try to struggle but it would just
tire her quickershe instead had to accept her fate, hoping that something
would save her skin as it often had in the past.

 Unbeknown to Rynn, as soon as
Arkahs hand had encircled her throat something inside Andrew clickedRynns
blood was flowing through his veins, and the images were flickering over the
back of his eye lids, his fists clenched and unclenched on the table, new power
flooded his body, scaring the two nurses taking care of him.

 Andrews eyes shot open, the
fact that he was attached to monitors did not bother him, and he simply tore
the needles from his forearms, and went, with nothing but a hospital sheet
wrapped about him. Even coming into the coven unconscious didnt stop him, he
could smell the cretin hurting his lady and just where Raek had failed to stop
Arkah, and perished, Andrew would succeed. Determination coursed through him,
egged on by pure adrenaline.

 Arkah had Rynn on all fours, his
arm still around her neck, his other hand tearing at her clothes with ease, she
refused to show any of her feelings, weakness was not
an option. Arkah hooked his long nails into the waistband of Rynns black
thong, tore it from her body, slid her top up over her exposed ass and
positioned him at the entrance to her ass. Rynn felt him trying to push into
the virgin holesomewhere she was saving for Raek, had never had the option to
give it to him. Tears of frustration formed at the corner of her closed eyes,
just as Andrew stormed into the room.

 He grabbed Arkah by his long
auburn hair, pulling with strength that would frighten even him later, Arkah
landed with a thud against the far wall and sank down, laughing. Rynn grabbed
her torn clothes and struggled into them, meaning to stop Andrew from hurting
Arkah, or Arkah from killing Andrew, she wasnt sure.

 Arkah was upon him in
milliseconds, his fangs drawn back, as Andrew fell
backwards he instinctively put out his naked foot which landed conveniently in
Arkahs crotch, sending him flying, upside down in the air through the huge
window of the room. Growling,
and clearly not happy with the vision of Arkahs large frame rolling around in
the darkness Andrew stormed through the smashed window. Grabbed him by his
thick hair once more, drew him close to his face. 

 You killed RaekI saw it in my
dreams, you will never take her away from me, you will never attract a mate
after Ive finished with you. And dont think that youll feel the sweet
release of death you piece of scum. Dragging him, Andrew drew him to one of
the fire pillars dotted around the gardens, drew him up and listened to Arkahs
screams of agony as his face burnt. When Andrew thought his face would be
sufficiently scarred he threw his limp body to the floor where he was instantly
collected by several passers by who had witnessed the scene.

 Andrew stepped back through the
broken French window saw that the wind had already begun to blow the autumn
leaves into the room. His Lady sat
huddled in the corner, shaking from what could be the cold but was most likely
the screams she has just heard coming from outside. Andrew scooped her into his
arms and nuzzled her neck gently, sitting down on their bed.

 Rynn felt Andrew pick her up, she did not wish to know what he had done to Arkah or
what the elders would have to say on the matter, she simply snuggled close to
him and fell into a deep sleep, unaffected by dreams of the nights events.

 It was sometime in the later
afternoon of the following day that Rynns eyelids fluttered open. The sunshine
had dimmed, in preparation for the setting of another day. The door opened
slowly, Rynn instinctively drew up the while cotton sheets to her chin, noticed
Andrew walk in followed by Valek. Valek did not appear to possess any emotion,
Andrew sat carefully at her side, a third figure then entered the room. Rynn
recognised the body to belong to Arkah but most of his hair had either been
burnt away, the rest shaved short. His face, partially hidden by dark glasses
had healed to a horrifying scar, in a permanent angry expression. Rynn could
only guess that was what he felt. 

 Arkah had been a very handsome
man, betrothed to the daughter of Valekno doubt she had changed her mind.
Arkah reluctantly entered to room stood at a safe distance from both of them,
he opened what was left of his lips.

 I have been foolish Rynn,
please forgive me, my ultimate punishment was not this, Arkah pointed to his
face. But to be kept alive in such a state, Ive no doubt that given time I
may look somewhat like my normal self but I will bear these scars internally
for the remainder of my existence, you shall see nor hear more of me as I have
decided to leave this coven. Rynn seriously doubted decided was the right
word and guessed encouraged and forcefully may have fitted better.

 Valek gestured to Arkah to
leave, he passed Rynn a look that felt like pure hatred but simply looked like
frustration due to his scars and left.
Valek then turned to the couple sat, hand in hand.

 Rynn, Andrew, we welcome you
both to our coven, and will be more than happy to conduct the bonding ceremony,
no matter Andrews mortal background, it is apparent that for such a fledgling
he is becoming a stronger by the day. We are happy for you two to also become a
part of out community should you wish it. Valek smiled, something he rarely
did, inside Rynn felt him cautiously touch her mind, he was genuinely happy for
them. 

 Thank you Valek, Rynn said,
standing, her height barely brushing Valeks broad chest. We shall be taking refuge here until after
the ceremony, but I intend on us returning to the castle shortly thereafter, as
I have many a business to attend to, but we shall take up on your kind
hospitality until then. Valek simply nodded, leaving Rynn and Andrew alone. 

 My Lady, why are we to return
to the castle? Andrews face still read like a mortal, but his body whispered
to Rynn he was much more.

 To live here would be to
difficult for our relationship slave, soon we will be bonded, but I am still
much older and stronger than you, no matter how well you age I will always
force dominion over you, here things are too liberated and I fear you will disobey
me often, we are to return to the secluded peace of the castle, understand?

 Yes, My Lady.

 I have not had a chance to
thank you, slave. Rynn turned to look at Andrew, his face a picture of
innocence, you saved my life, twice now. She smiled at him, caressing his
face.

 It was nothing My Lady.
Modesty, enforced.

 Maybe so, but I am still
grateful. Rynn leaned in and kissed his soft lips, as if it were the first and
last time, once again the fires began to burn within them both, a feeling of
rising heat, until it engulfed them both. Tearing at each others clothes with
pure animal passion Rynn threw Andrew into the middle of the huge, soft bed, slipping a hand under his neck she drew him to her,
kissing him. Andrew kissed back, their fangs scraping at each other, his hand
came up to her breast, massaged it, Rynn moaned her hands buried in his glossy
hair.

 He was inside her, his huge cock
sliding in, all the way, the moaned in unison, joined once again. Rynn let
Andrew lie down slowly and started to ride up and down over his stiff prick,
burning juices flowed within her, and once again electricity danced in the air
around them.

 Andrew thrust his hips up in
unison with his lady feeling her black velvet hot pussy tighten around him, his
hands were over her body, sliding onto her hips, helping her thrust up and down
or backwards and forwards.

 The night crept on as the lovers
bonded further, their sex like nothing any mortal could experience, Andrews
animal growls bounced off the walls, he moaned for his Lady, took her nipples
in his mouth, bit and sucked on them, lavishing attention onto every part of
his Ladys body he could reach.

 Likewise Rynn took in Andrews
body, as she always did, it overwhelmed her, his pallid but silky soft skin
felt like silk under her fingertips, long deep red lined appeared under her
nails as she raked them over him.

 As the night began to dawn
Andrew came, Rynn too, the pair collapsed, panting, sated into a heap under the
silk sheets. 

 The next morning Andrew awoke to
an empty bed but heard the shower, saw the steam idly milling around the
bathroom door, left slightly ajar, exotic smells of flowers drifted around the
room sending Andrews senses spinning, he knew if he was caught peering at his
Ladys naked body without permission he would be in trouble, but the smell drew
him, the idea of her naked, soapy body drove him wild with desire, so much so
his cock stiffened.

 He looked down at in horror,
hearing the shower stop and the door open, seconds later his Lady appeared from
the bathroom a white towel enveloped her body and her long hair lay, still
dripping wet about her shoulders. 

 Dry me
slave! Was her command, Andrew tried hard to conceal his erection and gently
took the towel from her hand and proceeded to dry her long hair. After her hair
had stopped dripping Andrew brushed it gently so as not to cause his Lady any
pain and used a nearby hair dryer to finish the job, when he was done, she
soundlessly rose to her feet standing above him as he sat on the edge of the
bed.

 Today is the day we will be
bound forever like it or not slave you will become mine forever.

 My Lady, it is my only wish to
be a part of your life for as long as I live, to serve you has shown me my
lifes purpose and I am in debt to you always for the powers you have given me,
I will always be your slave.

 Rynn couldnt help but smile,
Andrew would make a good mate for her, and with his new powers he had already
succeeded where Raek had failed, thinking of him made her sigh but before Andrew
noticed she spoke. Well, I am to get ready here, I
will see you in a short while. Rynn gave him an affectionate kiss and watched
as he left to the room that he was to change in. Her black dress was pinched in
the middle, enough to show off her flat stomach and ample bosom, her hair was
braided with black and white silk ribbon and her make up was sparse as Rynn had
never been one for make up.

 Soon the time came to pass as
Rynn and her slave stood in front of the coven and recited the binding spells,
Valek stood, looking as proud as ever and bound their hands together as was the
ritual, a sign of unity and prosperity in their eternity together. 

 And now, Rynn and Andrew will
exchange words. Valek said and nodded to Rynn to begin, she inhaled and turned
to Andrew a smile made clear that she wasnt nervous.

 Andrew, when I found you at the
side of the road I knew that Raek had sent you to me, since that day you have
given yourself to me completely, you have saved me from the loneliness that
plagues us Kindred, for that I am happy and I look forward to out lifetime
together. Andrews face concealed his feelings but the brief squeeze he gave
indicated the words had had a good effect. He looked deep into his Ladys eyes
and spoke.

 My Lady, you have given my life
a purpose, you have allowed me to escape the life I once knew and become a man,
and much more than that, I am forever in your debt and it would please me
greatly to go on serving you, my life has never been so colourful and each day
I am with you the colours spread further. I love you.

 There were sighs of joy from the
congregation as the couple turned and walked, their hands still bound into the
huge banquet hall where a feast of celebration had been prepared for them.
Andrew and Rynn took their seats at the head of the table and everyone raised
their glasses to the new couple. The Party went on until the first rays of
sunshine broke the night sky and finally Rynn and Andrew were left alone. Rynn
turned to him and ordered him to pack.

 We are to leave tomorrow
evening my love. 

 Yes, My Lady. Andrew still
wanted to stay, and this was clear to Rynn, but their life style would not be
welcomed here because generally the females were the more submissive and there
was no way Rynn would have had that, even Raek knew this about her, it was what
had attracted him to her, he had told her. Her stubbornness was cute. 

 As the morning grew late the
couple climbed into their bed one last time before the long trip home, before
long Rynn had Andrew on his knees, his arms tied apart, his legs spread apart
by a four foot metal bar, Andrew whimpered as his Lady cracked a whip against
his sensitive skin, telling him that he was still her worthless slave, and
always would be, Andrew tentatively thanked her for each spank she gave him
until he could bear no more and his thanks turned into begging supported by
heaving sobs that shook him.

 His Lady soon stopped and
mounted his spread legs, Andrew could feel the strap
on pushing at his ass cheeks and instinctively begged not to be punished that
way.

 Oh, no, pleaseplease My Lady,
have mercy, please not that, anything but th. But
his pleas were cut short as a ball gag was rammed into his mouth and all that
ensued was a mumbled groaning that was practically inaudible. Rynn twisted her
fingers through his long silky black hair and pulled back at the same time as
ramming the strap on deep into his ass, Andrew attempted to scream but it
didnt make much sound and soon all that came from his mouth were groans of
ecstasy as the feelings of pain turned into pleasure. Rynn plunged the huge strap on in and out of
Andrews ass, he felt every inch in his new sensitive state, it was so
pleasurable every touch from his Ladys fingertips would send hot fire coursing
under his skin, his cock was throbbing it was so hard. It threatened to explode
all over the silky, sweaty bed sheets beneath them. 

 Soon the room was steamy from
the passion and the two heated bodies, the feeling of the strap on had brought
Rynn near to orgasm and just as the verge approached Andrew could no longer
hold it in and came all over the sheets, buckling under the intensity of his
orgasm, this in turn set Rynn off and they both fell onto the bed moaning in
pleasure, she forced herself to move wearily and untied his hands, and his legs
and the pair fell, once again into a sweaty but sated pair and slept soundly. 

 The next day Valek saw them off
asking Rynn once more if she was certain that they wouldnt stay. Rynn took his
hands in hers.

 Valek, you have given your life
to this coven, I love and respect you, but I have my castle to take care of and
my livelihood, you know me, I am stubborn and could never live the way the
elders wives live, I am independent and strong and this would bring shame upon
me. We will be along to visit though, that much I can guarantee. Valek sighed,
but the smile was a genuine one, something which he rarely did, it touched
Rynn, she would miss this place deep down.

 Take care of him, and when he
is strong you must bring him back here, he will be an asset to us, above all
remember we are your family and we look forward to seeing you here. With that
Valek kissed Rynn on her forehead and disappeared, climbing behind the wheel of
her Land Rover Rynn sighed happily.

 Well slave, back home we go.
You have much learning to do. Are you ready?

 My Lady, I anticipate it and
fear it all at the same time. The engine was low as it left the empty field,
the road back to the castle was clear from traffic, it would be a tough time
for Andrew after they returned, but she had released the slave within him and
made him see his own fate. In her capable hands. 

&nbsp;

Gemma
Jones. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gemma Jones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





