BDSM Library - Captured




Captured
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young,hot woman abdutec to her bondage life. Abduction, sexual slavery, pleasures. Dreams or reality?Captured 
  by Sir Al 
Chapter 1: The Beginning 
I was spending my afternoon quietly, waiting for Hubby. A cold shower might
  have been the best to relax my senses on so hot a day. When you're hot into
  bondage and discipline, you need your Master's constant presence, don't you?
  So I was trying to relax and preparing everything for my Master and his night;
  it will be a night in his ropes, of course, and our lust. 
My body was gleaming under the shower but then a noise from the lounge drew
  my attention. Was he acting a new, unmerciful villain going to catch me? Was
  I to be the helpless victim put trough my paces and used at his whims?! I had
  to know. Nude (and somewhat humid) I searched the upstairs rooms; nobody was
  there. Downstairs, the dining room windows were open and some objects had fallen
  as if a storm had passed, but nobody was there. But I heard a noise! I longed
  for my bedroom. Fear (or something else) had hardened my nipples ... what was
  I to expect? At last I saw him: a tall, black-hooded, slim, muscular man, his
  back to the door, stealing my jewelry. He turned toward me. 
His gun silenced me at once, but I screamed softly when the Black Hood approached
  me with some rope. He was going to have me tied up to go on with his theft,
  I thought, but none of that. 
&quot;Turn around and put your hands behind, slut.&quot; 
As I complied, my pussy began to juice. He tied my wrists behind me, good
  and tight. 
&quot;Now, we'll make sure you'll not slip off my ropes.&quot; 
He began to tie my elbows snugly, connecting them tightly with three or four
  loops, making my tits protrude. I was completely exposed and helpless, and
  excited. Who was this villain, so perfectly in control of my pleasure? 
&quot;Women are often a pain in the ass. They deserve firm discipline to suit
  their more natural role as love sex slaves. I intend to fit you to your role.
  I like you snugly tied up, and all of your bondage toys are to please me.&quot; 
God! He knew everything! Only my caring hubby had this insight until now,
  and this guy seemed serious and well assured! I feared what he might subject
  me to and neared an orgasm. Swiftly now, He tied my thighs, above and below
  my knees, and my ankles. I could not move a muscle, but he was not through. 
&quot;I know you're a bondage slut, woman; got do something to make you properly
  humble and eager to comply.&quot; 
He tied a rope round my tummy as he spoke, made a loop down between my thighs,
  cinching it up tight through my pussy and rear, and tying it behind. 
&quot;This is called a crotch rope; its a must to tame rebellious young breeders
  like you.&quot; 
He was right.. My poor pussy was besieged. I was tamed alright, and hot-juiced.
  Then He laid me down on the floor and tied my ankles to my wrists, hog tying
  me. 
&quot;There you are, bitch; not a word, understand?&quot; 
Not a word. I was in heavy distress but hottest pleasure. Five minutes later: 
&quot;Please ... Mm... untie me... I'll be good...!&quot; 
&quot;I told you no words, slut. Now you got to be gagged,&quot; the black
  mask said, forcing an inflatable penis gag into my mouth and cinching the harness
  hard. The penis was to his maximum. 
Now suck it, slave; it's the right way to spend your time until I finish my
  work. Then I'll be back for a nude, tied up, and gagged cunt, chick... You
  know what I mean, don't you?&quot; 
I knew. I was his; tied up, gagged, nude, helpless for his pleasures. 
He went back to his previous occupation. His cat movements were soft, swift,
  harmonious. Three hours and five or six orgasms later, I was exhausted. An
  enormous lover seemed to embrace me everywhere and make me suck his giant cock
  ... I had to obey his whims .... mnunh! 
Suddenly, He was near me. 
&quot;I think you liked this too much. Slaves have their pleasure serving
  their Masters, and nothing else! No fear, I'm a quiet guy, I'm not to harm
  you. I just want you as my sex slave, and you'll be that three days from now.
  I chased you and your habits these past three weeks. I know Hubby works in
  L.A. and comes home on Wednesday. I used your E-mail, noticed his mother got
  ill and needs him in N.Y. Most of all, you told him something about your three
  days' campus seminar in Boston. So no one could be on to rescue you, for no
  one knows you've been captured. Now I'll take off your gag; no screams, understand?&quot; 
I nodded; 'twas no escape possible, I had to submit. He untied the rope connecting
  my wrists to my ankles and made me kneel down. I knew my nipples were hard
  and erect, and the rope between my legs scratched my labia. He ungagged me,
  and extracted his own enormous cock, presenting it to my mouth. 
&quot;Suck, bitch, suck it, give it all of your tongue,&quot; he said, grasping
  my head and fucking me in the mouth. 
I was impressed! His was the hardest and longest and thickest dick I ever
  sucked! My emotion slowed my movements. 
&quot;I said, 'Suck, bitch!'&quot; the Black mask screamed, spanking my buttocks
  hard and pinching my nipples, pulling them up and down, guiding my movements
  painfully to his pleasure. Sucking and licking on my knees, I began to feel
  His slave, His whore, His object to play with. I was nude, tightly tied, an
  enormous cock deep in my mouth ... 'twas a dream! 
&quot;Oh, baby, you're really a cocksucker ... I know you like it ... suck
  it, bitch ... you deserve this...&quot; 
He erupted, floating his scum into my throat. We collapsed for awhile; I was
  slowly regaining myself when he gagged me again. 
&quot;That's good for you slave; 'twas a good blowjob but we don't want you
  mouthy, do we?&quot; 
He left me alone. I had lost my sense of time when he returned and silently
  untied my legs. Was my ordeal done? 
No! My new Master chained my ankles with steel ankle cuffs and a short chain,
  allowing me only tiny steps. Then He untied my wrists and cuffed them behind
  me. He had untied and chained me while granting me no freedom at all! I was
  wavering on my feet. He was a Master, and I was to be His slave or whatever
  else he'd ask. 
&quot;Now, slut,&quot; he said, collaring me, &quot;your Lord and Master is
  hungry. I expect you to prepare an excellent meal, just like your blowjob!&quot; He
  laughed and tugged on my leash. I hopped behind him to the kitchen, where he
  swiftly changed my cuffs to the front. 
&quot;Do your best, slave! I got have some rest; I'll be in the next room,
  be a good girl.&quot; 
I was chained hand and foot and gagged, cooking my new Master's meal in my
  own kitchen. In time I went for my Master. 
&quot;What a smell, cunt! Those luscious lips of yours know their best work,
  don't they?&quot; he asked, cuffing my hands behind me again, tighter than
  before. 
&quot;Let's try your meal now.&quot; 
He tugged my leash to set me under the table, then he took off my gag but
  I was not allowed to eat. 
&quot;Listen to me, my beautiful bitch. I want you to lick my feet eagerly
  all the time I have my meal. The better you do, the more I consider to rewarding
  you with food and water. Do you understand me?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Master, I understand. I'm happy to serve you.&quot; Crazy stuff,
  but what could I do? 
He took his time eating, pinching my nipples often while I lapped his feet.
  When he was through, he tugged my leash, putting me on my feet by his side. 
&quot;Time to try your ass, bitch,&quot; he said, pushing me over the table
  and tying the leash underneath. 
His cock pressed my rear, his hands squeezed my buttocks, taunting. My ass
  seemed like liquid fire in his grip; his prick was huge and demanding in its
  moving back and forth. 
&quot;I know sluts like you like to be fucked doggie style, baby! Oho baby,
  you're so deliciously tight, I want to put it into you to your throat, oho
  yes...&quot; 
&quot;Fuck me, Master, harder... oh oh oh ... faster, oh my gooood!&quot; 
He came in my ass. I'd have tried to reach my asshole, to dive my fingers
  into his creams and lick it from them. I had sensed his pleasure, wild, arrant,
  dominant, unaware of anything but his demands, my fluids gliding over my thighs.
  I felt this man owning me. Then he stood up. 
&quot;Let's go to the bedroom, slave. I gotta set you up for the night. Don't
  think you'd be so free as you are now; these cuffs allows too much, but we'll
  see. Come on!&quot; 
&quot;Master, may I have some water? I'm thirsty, terribly?&quot; 
&quot;Right now, slave! Kneel down, open your mouth and don't waste a drop,&quot; he
  said, unzipping his pants and extracting his cock. Salty and demeaning, but
  it was my Master's and I liked it. Crazy, uh?! When it was over, I was terribly
  hot. Then we were in the bedroom: 
&quot;I want you well restrained but available,&quot; my man said, cinching
  my ball gag trainer tight. That beastly locking device made me drool and drool
  and drool. He tied me spread-eagled on the bed, hard and tight; my cunt on
  display and eager to be filled. 
&quot;Moistened, uh?! I gotta do something to discipline you, slave.&quot; 
He tied twine to my nipples and pulled until my back arch to relieve the painful
  pressure, then tied the cords to the headboard. I gasped and moaned in pain. 
&quot;Good, very good indeed, cunt; that's the way I want you, juiced and
  moaning for release,&quot; he said as he climbed onto the bed. He jammed his
  cock into my cunt with no further preparation and pumped wildly. 
&quot;This way, bitch, I can feel you. I want your climax, now! Obey me slave,
  give me your pleasure! Oh my, what a cunt, baby!&quot; 
I climaxed,obedient to his whims, and the lights were off thereafter. 
Chapter 2: The Auction 
My dreams came to an end when my aching jaws woke me. I had spent all night
  tied up (My poor nipples!) and gagged. I was alone. 
&quot;Good morning slave! Seems to me you're well adapted to your predicament;
  you slept like a baby.&quot; He was pushing a trolley with our (I hoped) breakfast. 
&quot;You earned a good breakfast, slut. I'm going to take off your gag, be
  a good girl,&quot; he said, cuffing my hands in front. 
&quot;Oh, Master! Thank for your care, my lord, I'm hungry.&quot; 
&quot;Good! Considering your schedule, you'll have to eat and drink. I'll
  leave you here while I make some calls. Wait for me, and regard your chains
  as a gift to your attitude; things could always be worst. Do you. understand
  me?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Master.&quot; 
&quot;O.K. be a good girl.&quot; 
I was intrigued by his last words; whom was he calling to? And why or what
  for? I couldn't but expect, my pussy tingling again. 
My breakfast was just over when he came back. First, he changed my hand to
  behind, blindfolded and gagged me again. My breasts, buttocks, and thighs were
  stroked and tested .... was he checking a calf ? 
&quot;Today you'll be on auction, slave. I called some friends and told them
  I got a bitch in need of further training. They'll be here in two hours. You'll
  be on display, rented to each of them for awhile, used at their whim, and well
  disciplined right here in your home. Think you'll be excited, don't you?&quot; 
I was. I was also frightened. I was given up to hell; no limits, no defense,
  no rescue. I was crazy to love this stuff. I followed his tugs on my leash
  to my dining room, where he took off my blindfold. I was standing before wooden
  pole, two meters high, with two smooth wooden shafts of different diameter
  protruding from the middle. I knew instantly what they were for, and shivered. 
My Master pushed my backside to the pole and cuffed my hands behind it. Then,
  he began gently but firmly to put the smaller short one into my rear, and the
  bigger into my cunt ... ohoh! I was anchored. Doubly fucked by immovable cocks
  deep inside. My position compelled me to stand on tiptoes, arching my back
  slightly and improving my thigh and buttock lines. 
&quot;Like your guests, bitch? I knew you'd like it, as I thought about a
  good way to exhibit you on auction. Surely I have to tie you up more, and tighter
  than this, don't I?&quot; 
So he made me secure. He drew a loop around my tummy, pulling it to the pole
  and compelling me to take the wooden monsters deeper inside .Then he went to
  my ankles and tied them very hard; I was on tiptoe and couldn't go down or
  up, trussed up to my invading devices. 
&quot;How do you feel, wench? Fine? Now it's time to take care of your magnificent
  tits, isn't it?&quot; 
I saw him neatly crisscrossing them with ropes, felt him knotting them behind
  me, lashing me to that beastly pole. I could hardly breathe, and moaned through
  my gag. Last, he bound my hands palm to palm, and my elbows, too. 
&quot;There you are! Trussed up like a turkey, slut.&quot; 
He left me again, blindfolded, exposed to lure his coming guests. I ought
  to be an extraordinary view, nude, tied up, gagged, blindfolded, and fucked
  by wooden pricks, and ... on rent to them. Wow! 
An hour later, I think, I heard manly voices around me. 
&quot;Touch her, boys, feel how smooth her skin is, what fine tits she has.
  Come on, test your plaything!&quot; 
Bidding was a mess! Hands grasping, grabbing, probing, and pinching. Voices
  commenting on my assets and offering, then: 
&quot;I want her right now; here are your 500 bucks. Untie her and make her
  kneel in front of me,&quot; a deep, somewhat harsh and somewhat gentle voice
  said. Hands did his bidding, and a strong hand pressed me down to kneel on
  my heels. Again the Voice: 
&quot;Head down, slave. and you, Buds, cuff her right hand to the opposite
  ankle, the tighter you can, of course.&quot; 
Beastly, believe me. Two different men crossed my arms in front, pulled them
  between my legs, and chained me that way; my asshole, buttocks, and cunt were
  totally exposed as I contracted into a small package and trembled in expectation. 
&quot;Now I'll whip you, slave-slut, a good fifty. I want you thank me for
  every blow. Take off her gag.&quot; 
&quot;I pray you, my Master, I've not been whipped till now; forgive my fear
  and mistakes ... please not to whip me ... please...&quot; I answered the Voice,
  sobbing . 
&quot;A good reason to do it now, wench, but I could withdraw my sentence
  should you be fucked here and now, in the rear by our friends and me, and then
  clean our pricks with your tongue. Is it a deal, lurid bitch? 
&quot;Ooh! ... ooh Master! ... Yes... I'll be the best asshole you'll ever
  have all your life and...&quot; 
&quot;And enough of that. Gag her and let's try her talents.&quot; 
They didn't untie me until my asshole was filled with their scum. Each of
  them fucked me brutally, seizing my breasts as reins and riding me hard, very
  hard. I cried, moaned, and climaxed through my gag. 
When it was done, someone opened the cuffs and I collapsed on the floor. In
  a second they had my wrists and elbows tightly bound behind me, my ankles crossed
  and tied to my wrists, leaving me in an unyielding kneeled position. 
When someone ungagged me, I said, &quot;Please I need to ... mmmfff...&quot; 
The first cock was in my mouth, huge, a bit stiff: 
&quot;Lick it. bitch; that's what your tongue is for. Don't talk. Bitches
  don't talk. Obey!&quot; 
I heard the others laugh. A short time later, I had cleaned six cocks and
  was tightly tied and ... as juiced as before. 
&quot;A happy time, Buds!&quot; my principal Monster said. &quot;I suggest
  we untie her, chain her hands and feet and put an inflatable penis up her ass
  to train it a bit more. What about it?&quot; 
&quot;Good idea! the chorus answered. 
My poor ass was on fire. They had cuffed my hands up to my shoulder blades
  and inflated the device to its maximum ... 'twas near a torture to walk with
  it. Then they took off my blindfold. It was ten p.m.! I have been tied up and
  abused all the 24 hours past, and I was to be definitely enslaved now! 
&quot;Hey, buds! Would you take a look at this cage? I think we should put
  our slave-slut inside.&quot; My Monster carried my aluminum cage on his shoulders
  to the center of the room. We (Hubby and I) had bought it, dreaming of holding
  me steady on view while he was relaxing any other way. I had spent a lot of
  time in it, nude but for my gag and ties. 
&quot;So! Let's lock her into it, boys,&quot; the harsh unknown said. They
  put me inside, bit gagged, on my knees. Someone locked a chain from my handcuffs
  to my ankles so that I was compelled to ... mho ... get that huge penis in
  the ass, the deepest, no relief at all. 
After the cage was locked, my monster glimpsed my tits. 
&quot;I think that too much comfy for this slut! Why not clamp them tits?!&quot; 
He closed steel nipple clamps on my tits and connected them to the iron bars
  by a short chain! I pushed forward as much as I could to relieve the strain
  on my breasts, and the pain. 
&quot;Here we are. Come on boys; our cunt is good and secure,&quot; he laughed. 
The pain was unbearable, believe me. I couldn't speak, nor move; I could just
  suffer and juice. They all left the room, leaving me to my thoughts. Nature
  guided me to rest; I was so tired, I collapsed in my bonds. 
&quot;Hey slut, come on, open your eyes.&quot; It was my monster, and he was
  alone. 
&quot;Look, I thought you needed some fresh air. I'm going to open your cage
  and take you out for a walk. Be a good girl.&quot; 
The deadly bastard! When he unclasped my tits I was submerged in pure pain.
  Fire exploded from them when blood pumped again. Then I was out of my prison,
  hands chained in front, my rear popped off the penis. Nearly paradise you should
  say. My black masked man hooked a leash to my collar and knotted it to the
  doorknob. 
&quot;Don't move bitch, I have a surprise for you.&quot; Then he extracted
  a muffle gag and set it to my face, tightly, very tightly. 
&quot;Now you're ready for a walk, slave-slut. You'll go on all fours, doggie
  style, all around your home, all the streets here around. Your neighbors can
  finally see the bitch you really are. When I'm satisfied with our walk, we'll
  come back home and you'll spend the night leashed to the footboard, a bit more
  chained than now, to get some rest! Come on doggie!&quot; 
Chapter 3: A Bit of Novelty 
I awoke early in the morning. At first I had flashes about the last night;
  that frenzied walk doggie-style and my new master inviting someone to fuck
  me there on the street. Then, I realized I was ... free! How... gotta find
  my Master. In the dining room, my hands were brutally drawn behind me and tied
  palm to palm. 
&quot;Hi bitch! Where're you going? Come on, you need a hobble. Here you are.&quot; my
  Monster said, cuffing my ankles by hinged cuffs. I fell to my knees. 
&quot;Please Master, I'm Hungry. Why not to untie me and let me have some
  food more normally please?!&quot; 
&quot;Normally?&quot; Your normal way is to stay tied up, all the time; that's
  your natural condition, slut! To be ready for me is your natural condition,
  understand? You gotta learn to eat, drink, rest, while truly restrained. Here's
  your breakfast,&quot; he said, pointing to some small cups on the floor. 
&quot;You can have your breakfast your natural way... doggie style!&quot; 
So I lapped my milk and coffee, ate my cookies and had my grapefruit that
  way; demeaning and exciting at the same time. 
When I was through, he tied me in a ball tie. Thighs, knees, ankles doubled
  and bound up to my torso in a straight kneeling position. My breasts were crushed
  against my knees . 
&quot;I want to rob some other houses, and I want you with me; should the
  men in blue arrive, I could always leave you to them as a gift,&quot; he laughed 
&quot;How can I go out naked and tied .. mmmfff!&quot; I was gagged again,
  and he tied a rope from my wrists to my ankles and lifted me like a handbag.
  Fresh air tingled my skin as we walked towards his car. He put me into the
  trunk and drove. I cried in pain for miles; ropes dug into my flesh and my
  jaws ached for the prolonged inactivity. We stopped, but I heard no sound for
  awhile. Then the trunk lid flew up. 
&quot;Hey wench! I found something good for you, slut.&quot; 
He carried me on his shoulder into a magnificent victorian house, through
  to the garden. He put me down and collared me, still ball tied, in front of
  a kennel. 
&quot;There! This is the best solution for you, my beautiful. Your husband
  should use it to discipline you. I have some work to do, be a good girl!&quot; 
There I was. Bound on a green lawn, collared and leashed as a dog... Crazy
  stuff? I loved it! Then, &quot;What's happening here? Poor girl; let me ungag
  you, who are you darling? Who has lashed you here, and why?&quot; 
She was a policewoman. 
&quot;Come on, now I'll set you free and take away from here.&quot; 
So she did. Naked as I was she choose to stop at her place and dress me. Being
  free was strange, and we talked. I was telling my story when she seized me
  and and said, &quot;I found you on private property and you are trying to convince
  me that a man in a black mask enslaved you two days ago; strange story... I'd
  better bring you in until someone has checked you out, then we'll see all about
  it.&quot; my Heroine said, cuffing my hands behind me a bit roughly. 
&quot;No please, I'm Diane Biddy; I was captured and abused ... please don't
  do it ... please ... ouch!&quot; She tightened the cuff an extra notch. 
&quot;Shut up, girl, you're in no position to give orders! I'll spank you
  to teach you some sense.&quot; 
And she did; I got the hardest spanking of my life over her lap. At the end,
  my buttocks were on fire and I fell on my Knees to lap her feet eagerly. 
&quot;Good Girl! Up to my cunt bitch ... lick my juices ... eat me ... eat
  me... Now, this way ... Ohooooo!&quot; Five minutes later, she regained herself
  and led me to the bedroom. 
&quot;I want you well secured, slave, and cuffed to my ankles, too.&quot; Thus
  positioned, we slept. 
Early in the morning her voice drew me back from my dreams. My captor was
  in the mood. 
&quot;Hey darling, stand up. I want you to dress, just a little.&quot; Dressing
  ... what was that for? She put a black g-string and a pair of stiletto shoes
  on the bed; my hands were now in front and my ankles unfettered. 
&quot;Dress yourself, wench,&quot; she ordered, glancing at my buttocks as
  they danced for the stiletto's. 
I did it, and she immediately cuffed my hands behind me. 
&quot;Listen, my sweet slut, I thought deeply about my situation. I've got
  an enormous mortgage to pay, and selling a delicious girl like you could take
  care of my needs for a long time. A friend of mine has agreed to pay me $100,000
  for you. Of course, he is into bondage and discipline and craves a perfect
  slave to play with. So I'm to prepare you for him.&quot; 
&quot;Selling me ... but I'm married, I'm a free woman, not an object ....
  and you're a policewoman ... shouldn't you &quot;protect and serve?&quot; 
&quot;Shut up, bitch! I'm a policewoman, indeed, and you're nothing but goods;
  open your mouth, now!&quot; 
She gagged me hard and tight, folding her slip into my mouth and sealing it
  tape. I was silenced. I tried to kick her, and got mummified in rope from toe
  to thighs, then she pinned my breasts between my arms with tape, pushing my
  tits forward. At the end, I could only moan and move my eyelids desperately,
  sobbing for release. 
&quot;I like you this way, much more than before, slave. Now be good while
  I get your future owner. A married woman... tsk!&quot; 
Three hours later, I was still standing on my spike heels as she left me,
  tied and gagged. They entered the room silently; he was handsome, tall, black
  haired, muscular, and blue eyed. 
&quot;Oh my. I want test her.&quot; 
He pinched my protruding tits (ouch!), fingered my cunt, and dove into my
  asshole. 
&quot;Fine breed. Well, here's your money; I want her completely taped, head
  to toes, except tits and buttocks ... and ... and clamp her tits ... I like
  her moaning for release and eager to serve,&quot; he said to the policewoman.
  All he said to me was, &quot;See you later slut.&quot; 
My &quot;rescuer&quot; followed his instructions. 
&quot;Mho, ouch.&quot; 
&quot;That's your way, slave. Now let's tape you good and tight. .&quot; 
Beginning below my tits, my captor taped me neatly. I was strictly mummified,
  save for tits and buttocks. Quite a dish ... believe me. I had been transformed
  into a slave, an object to play with. I started to cry, my pussy to tingle. 
Later, someone lifted me onto his shoulder and carried me away. 
&quot;Relax slave. I'm taking you to my car, the front seat. I like to have
  you handy and everyone envious of my new property. All women are submissive
  in my country; should you have a look around (with my permission and supervision,
  of course) you'd see other women tied up, or chained, or disciplined even outdoor.
  A paradise, I think!&quot; 
I thought he was crazy but intriguing. The world of submissive females entrapped
  me; I longed to see it, and I relaxed. The car stopped. My Master opened the
  door, slipped my taped legs to the ground and, after having collared and leashed
  me, said, &quot;Here we are slave! Now you must hop to your cage in our home
  ... come on, bitch, hop!&quot; 
This was his way to exhibit me; so I hopped fiercely, bouncing my taped buttocks
  and clasped tits. 
&quot;Hey Man! Fine piece of meat! Kept her tight 'til now, we hope!&quot; some
  manly voices with an Arab accent said. 
&quot;That's a good way to put her through her paces; may I offer you a whip?
  I think she deserves a good fifty to know who is the Master,&quot; another
  voice said. 
In the mean time, we were home. My owner tugged my leash and I entered. He
  began to peel off my tape until I was nude but for the handcuffs, ropes and
  tape gag he ordered me to my knees. 
&quot;Listen to me, slut; your trader told me you believe you have been a
  free woman; forget it! Now you are my slave, nothing else at all! You're not
  even Diane, but simply Slave. You don't need or have dresses, shoes, makeup,
  and so on. You'll be always nude and ready for my sexual use, tightly tied,
  chained, or any other restrictive way I choose. You are allowed no freedom
  but that necessary to clean your body, once a day. 
&quot;You are not to talk to me, unless I ask you to. You can't look at me
  above my cock. Break these limits and I'll punish you severely. When I have
  guests; you'll serve my friends and me equally. There will be no difference
  between us. You will obey every order they give you. 
&quot;You will spend your first night here in your cage, chained a different
  way, of course. I'm going to untie your legs and expect to see you moving on
  your knees to your destination for the night, understand?&quot; 
He did it, and I crawled to a small iron cage made of heavy bars with a solid
  gate. Then he chained me for the night. First He tightened my cuffs an extra
  notch and pulled my wrists up to my shoulder blades, where he connected them
  to the bars with a chain. I sat cross-legged, each ankle chained to the opposite
  bar. He passed my leash under my crossed ankles and pulled my torso down, then
  knotted it to the ceiling bars and hooked it to my collar ring. My tits squeezed
  out between the cage's bars, lifted to his eyes. Last but not least, Master
  hooked small bells to the rings on my nipple-clamps. 
&quot;I think you'll have a quiet night, beloved slave. Don't make these bells
  ring, even softly. You have to control your position. If you can't, I'll be
  here to punish and restrain you some more. Good night, pet!&quot; 
My third night as a slave in chains and I thought it was the worst of all,
  but instinct guided me far away from fear and through my dreams. I fell asleep,
  sustained by my bonds... 
Chapter 4: A New Master 
A hot puff of air, liquid lingering all over my body,warm and moist. I awoke,
  no more in my cage, no more chained... I was in a bathtub, hands tightly tied
  over head to a hook by white, soft cotton rope; my crossed ankles were tied
  the same to a hook at my feet. 
&quot;I was comfy, alone and sitting up in perfumed foam! I could unwind my
  fears and feel good, even if I was tied up. 
&quot;Nice morning, I presume, my Slave! At last, you're again with me! I
  need you henceforth, my dear,&quot; he continued, standing in front of me,
  naked and erect... That was the first time I saw him; he was handsome ... even
  there. 
&quot;Command me master! How can I serve you now?&quot; 
&quot;I will unhook your hands; then you'll get my cock into your mouth and
  suck my sperm from it. When you've succeeded, you'll get out of the bathtub,
  kneel on this rug, and serve me. Finally, you are to lick all the water from
  my body. Do you understand, Slave?&quot; 
&quot;Yes Master, I'm eager to suck you!&quot; I answered softly, opening
  my lips to his cock. 
&quot;Good girl. Let me be rewarded for your price, ohoooo ... lick it a bit
  more ... suck it ... very good, bitch ... yes ... this way ... I want swamp
  your throat.... Oh, my... He filled me; his huge prick became enormous just
  before scumming and his secretions submerged me. Enough of this. I was out
  of the bathtub and kneeling on the rug. I washed my Lord and Master; touching
  him was luxurious and exciting. 
&quot;Good Slave. Now, lick me all over.&quot; 
When I was done, he untied my ankles, put his hands under my armpits and helped
  me to my feet. 
&quot;You are a precious jewel to be kept on line. I have to meet some friends
  of mine, a business matter, you know. You'll have your breakfast while I dress,
  then I'll' fix you for the rest of the day.&quot; 
My adventure began with a shower, and now I was at the same point. He squezed
  my buttocks while we went to the kitchen. 
&quot;Sit down slave; I want you comfy to eat and drink!&quot; he said, pointing
  me to a chair. He cuffed my ankles to the seat's back legs, hoisting my feet
  from the floor. A metal collar closed on my neck and hooked to a ring under
  the table. I was trapped, but absolutely comfy. 
&quot;I hope you'll find enough to eat and drink; Slave; you'll be waiting
  up for me until midnight and will have nothing else. See you thirty minutes
  from now.&quot; 
I ate and drank and was bemused about my next predicament. I hoped he would
  be caring enough to ensure some.... Well you know what! I was still lost in
  my thoughts when he came back, perfectly attired in a well-tailored blue suit.
  He looked at me, clearly liking the spectacle. 
&quot;Well, Slave, now we are to fix you for the day,&quot; he said, cuffing
  my hands behind me. 
&quot;Let's go to the bedroom.&quot; 
The bedroom was luscious and sensual. He made me lie face down on the bed
  and doubled my leg up behind my thighs, tying them hard. I watched him bind
  a rope to each knee, pulling them well apart and tying off to the bed frame
  ... ouch. My hands were untied and re-cuffed behind my neck to the collar's
  ring; it was impossible to gain some pleasure. My clever master knew my inner
  thoughts: 
&quot;I choose this predicament for you, slave-slut; your pleasure is mine!
  You can't touch yourself, as that would be an unbearable offense.&quot; 
&quot;Master, please don't leave me here this way. I'll go crazy without you
  ... why not to plug me somewhere ... please?&quot; 
&quot;Open your mouth, bitch! This gag suits you fine. 
He used a ring gag, a nastily padded ring well inserted behind your teeth
  and cinched tight. My mouth was open, my tongue free, but I couldn't speak.
  Just lick, should my Master... 
&quot;Good! I expect to find you here, eager to please. If your cunt is dry,
  I'll spank you and leave you tied out in the garden for the night. Do you perceive
  me? Slave?&quot; 
I nodded, positive. He caressed my breasts just a little bit 
&quot;I'll be hard all day long, thinking of you here, nude, tied up, gagged,
  and eager to serve me. Do try and match my whims, or you'll have to confront
  your Master's anger, cunt. So have a good time and prepare your body for my
  assaults, O.K.?&quot; 
I nodded again, straining in my bonds. He was so tenderly dominant with my
  flesh, so firm in his masterful attitude ... exciting, very exciting... I tried
  to pull my thighs together, but no way, they were bound too firmly apart. I
  had to surrender, to be a thing everybody could use ... The ring gag made me
  drool; saliva ran all over my breasts, moistening them a bit ... I needed a
  man's big cock deep inside me ... I fell asleep. 
Late in the afternoon. I was over the dining room table, ring gagged, strictly
  hog-tied, and blindfolded ... someone was eating his dinner over my ass, pinching
  and stroking my nipples brutally. Who was he? I heard him take away his dishes,
  my ass felt a bit more free, and thought I could hear him loading the lavatory
  ... so he knew the house. Maybe the Master himself. Then I was grabbed, put
  on the floor, and my blindfold was off. It was my master angry faced staring
  at me: 
&quot;Slave, I told you to prepare for me your insignificant cunt. It didn't
  moisten on my return and you were moaning about a huge cock deep in your throat,
  and some other nonsense ... now you'll get your reward, out in the garden,
  tied tightly to a tree, your buttocks burning from my spanking!&quot; 
He untied the rope between my ankles and wrists and made my ass fire with
  his hardened hands. 
&quot;Urn... mf ... Ouch ... mm, please!&quot; 
Spread over his lap, I felt his cock harden 
&quot;Shut up, slut, keep your groans for your night tied outdoors. I'll fix
  you so tightly, you'll not even shiver, but in the meantime,&quot; he was into
  my rear, brutally, arrogantly, demanding. 
&quot;Good girl, you're my doggie, get it all, you deserve this... Ohoooo...&quot; 
Luscious way to punish me, isn't it? I got it all, it was painful, but...
  Wow. 
Sometime after: &quot;It's time to put you're through your paces now; let's
  go.&quot; 
So we went out in the garden. He pushed my back against the tree, my arms
  brutally drawn behind it and firmly bound there, elbows touching. Then he tied
  a crotch rope and besieged my pussy, knotting it to my elbow ropes... awful!
  My ankles were roped separately and hoisted up beside the tree; all my weight
  was on the crotch rope. Finally, he tied some loops around my breasts, squeezing
  them out into red, then purple melons. 
&quot;That gag doesn't suit your predicament, Bitch. This is better,&quot; he
  said, changing the ring for a bit gag with rings on the ends. My Master tied
  ropes to the rings and knotted them tightly behind the trunk. He has been trustworthy:
  I couldn't even shiver! 
&quot;Have a good night, slut! Tomorrow morning, I'll be here to test your
  cunt; should it not moisten...&quot; 
The Monster! Quiet nights ... this way ... damn it! I was hotter than ever
  and most in pain. The position was so unbearable and exciting ... I was firmly
  tied to a tree, completely exposed and helpless ... should someone in the night,
  I couldn't but submit. Yeah! I'm a real slut.... everybody can use me and leave
  me here, lashed to my tree ... I had an orgasm, furiously ... and collapsed 
I got a flashback to my hubby. I saw him, my still beloved Master, joyously
  tying me head to toe with his ropes and gagging me. He lingered all over my
  body tenderly, grasping my flesh here and there, making me moan in delight
  with his soft violence before pumping me wildly to his pleasure and mine. Dream
  ... reality ... It seemed to me his strong hands were all over my body. He
  was pressing his cock up to my rear.... mmmmhhh... invading ... me ... ahhh
  ... I was instantly awake. 
Chapter 5: A Surprise Party 
&quot;Hi darling! You got a long sleep today. I found you in the bathroom,
  asleep and handcuffed. I liked your idea so much that I brought you here, tied
  up and gagged more suitably for my use and desire. How do you feel, beloved?
  Oh, sure, here, let me free your tongue.&quot; 
He was my ... Hubby! I didn't just sense it. Had I just dreamed all about
  my adventures? Had nothing happened for real? 
&quot;Darling, I've been captured and abused and sold ... and I was always
  tied and chained and desperately sobbing; I was afraid to be stolen away ...
  to become a slave for somebody else. I... 
&quot;You were dreaming, beloved, just dreaming,&quot; he said, smiling and
  gagging me again with his cock. 
Yes, it has been just a dream ... or it is ... now? After filling my throat
  with his sperm, Hubby left me tied on our bed after gagging me with his socks
  and taping my lips shut. I couldn't make a sound except&nbsp;mumbling. An hour
  later he was back. 
&quot;Darling, I want you to prepare for our party at the Scott's,&quot; he
  said, untying me and quietly fingering my body. &quot;You're to be the party's
  queen, and I want you to be astonishing. So, take two full hours to get ready,
  makeup, and so on. Firmly handcuffed in front, of course, Beloved!&quot; 
There we are! I said to myself. Finally I was to exhibit my talents in a scene
  with the best. The Scott's were the richest bondage enthusiast in the area.
  They host the most elegant and entertaining bondage parties I've ever seen.
  Beautiful women all around in different restraining devices, always accompanied
  by dominant men. Keen conversations between the manly guests about their partners'
  potentialities and charms filled the air. And some of the finest champagne
  ... wow! Following all my dreamed (or real?) misfortunes, it seemed an exciting
  eventuality to confront. 
Nude but for my handcuffs, I made myself up. I couldn't do much more. Gagged,
  nude and handcuffed I had to wait for Hubby to get to my garments. So I kneeled,
  opening my thighs softly, and waited. 
&quot;Amazing sight, Beloved. Now it's time to dress you!&quot; 
He unbound my hands and gave me a pair of black stilettos. 
&quot;Come on darling, I want to emphasize your luscious legs and rump...
  Good... Come to me now. Good girl! Turn around.&quot; 
So, he looped a rope behind my neck, on my shoulders, under my armpits, crossed
  it between my shoulder blades, passed it on front and between my legs, and
  cinched it to the crossing point in back. Then he pulled my wrists well up
  my back and tied them to the crossing point. I was well-arched, my buttocks
  and breasts shooting out. 
&quot;Ravishing, my dear, simply ravishing! Every man at the party will crave
  you! Now let's do something for your legs and your principal charm.&quot; 
He hobbled my ankles with rope and I watched him look for something special
  in our toys. I was puzzled; we were going to a bondage-party and I was already
  tied and gagged; what else? 
&quot;Open your legs a bit more, beloved slave, to the extent of your hobble.
  Good. This way you'll have something to comfort you, instead of all those horny
  people you'll be surrounded by at the party. Now I want you thank your Master
  for his special attention to your needs. Come on dear, thank me properly.&quot; 
He had plugged my cunt and rear with pricks locked into a chastity belt; they
  vibrated ... mmmhhh ... if I wasn't gagged, I'd have screamed my pleasure. 
&quot;So you like my solution, beloved? Now something to allow our brief journey
  to the car.&quot; 
A long, black, hooded robe disguised my quivering body and my Master leashed
  me. A few seconds later, we were in the garage and I was arranged on the front
  seat. Everyone could see me without having any idea of my real ... attire. 
An hour later, Mistress Scott welcomed us at the party. 
&quot;My dearest, at last we have the pleasure! Diane... that cloak suits
  you wonderfully. Here, let me help you disrobe. Oh, my ... you're exquisite
  ... Look at those buttocks ... and the curve of your thighs, the swelling of
  your tits... as usually you've done a fine job my dear Serge! I'm really intrigued;
  would you loan Diane to your old friend for a few seconds?&quot; 
&quot;Sure! I'm terribly thirsty; she is all yours for twenty minutes.&quot; 
I saw hubby go away and stared at Mistress Scott, awaiting her whims. 
&quot;First of all, we have to ungag you, darling ... There we are,&quot; she
  said peeling off the tape and hauling hubby's socks from my mouth. 
&quot;Now I want you to kneel down, here and now!&quot; 
I complied. She leaned on a high wooden stool and slipped off her heels; her
  feet were beautiful, long, well arched, nails trimmed and polished, very feminine...
  I felt strangely magnetized. 
&quot;Lick my feet, darling, all over and eagerly; should you fail to please,
  I'll have you in my dungeon all next week. Your Hubby agreed a month ago that
  your training needs serious improvement. Come on slave, Lick!&quot; 
While I performed my task, some of the guests approached and commented on
  my talent: 
&quot;Such a good slave you have, Lynn. If I was her Master, I'd want to keep
  her constantly whipped to induce the right attitude, wouldn't I?&quot; 
&quot;Ooh... Sure, you're right Stephen, but she is not mine and I can't do
  it. Enough of this, slave. Get up now,&quot; Lynn said, and collared me. She
  took me in to the party, nude but for my chastity belt and bonds, and hooked
  my leash to a ring in the wall. Then she enforced my submission and juicing
  unexpectedly: &quot;My friends, I pray you to have a look at this slave-girl;
  isn't she ravishing?! Sure she is! What a pity her principal charms are disguised
  by this chastity belt. So I propose, with the permission of her Master Serge,
  to disrobe her of it; we want her strikingly in the nude, don't we?&quot; 
&quot;Sure! Good idea Lynn!&quot; &quot;A slave shouldn't be allowed to deny
  her Masters' view.&quot; &quot;She has to be completely exposed.&quot; It was
  a chorus. 
&quot;Wait a minute. I think the belt is to arouse her, and I can't allow
  that. Kindly spank her just a little bit, for the right attitude, of course!&quot; Dear
  Hubby! He did it himself, and when Lynn unlocked my belt, my plugged slots
  silenced the guests. 
Then I heard a familiar, manly voice. &quot;Serge, my dear, I think all this
  stuff has gone too far. It's time to give me back my property. Diane is my
  slave, for I paid you one million dollars three days ago to have her delivered
  to my ranch for six months. I'm still waiting, my friend, and nearly out of
  my mind. How come?&quot; The harsh voice was behind me; I couldn't see him
  but I knew him. He was the guy who paid 500 bucks to have me ... Hubby had
  just said it was a dream ... I was going crazy. 
&quot;Mark, my dear friends, Diane is at the party for delivery. As everyone
  can see, she is in shape. I suggest we have a good time and then I'll be with
  you and your new slave on the road to your ranch. You want to use her on the
  prairies as a pony, don't you?&quot; 
&quot;Right now, Serge! Look at those buttocks and those luscious legs; what
  a pity not to adapt them to my shafts and reins. Well, it's good for her to
  confront her future predicament,&quot; Mark said, gagging me with a harness
  bit gag and cinching hard. I felt like an animal, a pony to ride ... and my
  plugged spots climaxed simultaneously. 
&quot;This is an unbearable impertinence! I can't allow you free orgasms,
  slave! Your pleasure is mine! Serge, I guess a good fifty's would put this
  slut through her paces; and I say here and now!&quot; 
&quot;Mark, Diane has been whipped, but rarely. I suggest we make her do a
  standing spread-eagle in Lynn's dungeon, both orifices plugged as now. Should
  any blow cause the pricks to fall, she'll have to perform sexual chores on
  you, or anyone you choose. What do you think?&quot; 
&quot;Good! I also want, assuming the friendly view of any other Master here,
  all the other women to improve their skill in restraining Diane a bit more
  cruelly, their choice, until we go to the dungeon. Come on girls, this is your
  treat!&quot; 
I was once more a bit of flesh for everybody to use ... my pussy tingled and
  I hadn't still seen my new Master ... would he be my harsh guy ... that demanding
  cock up in my rear ... and his stern whim in dominating me ... even with his
  friends ... wow. A tall curvaceous brunette, leashed and collared on her knees
  when she entered the room, approached me sensuously balancing on the highest
  stiletto's I've ever seen. She licked her lips avidly, then began to untie
  me, softly fingering my body. I quivered, and a nice touch grasped my breasts
  and lingered at my inner labia ... I moaned softly in delight ... then she
  bent me forward and cuffed my hands to the opposite ankle. I was trapped, standing
  but bent over and compelled to look straight at my feet! My plugged holes were
  in full view! Demeaning, but... 
&quot;This way, slut! Try my Master's elect way to have me fulfill his whims.&quot; 
I had sensed that the men were excited and bulging when the cuffs clicked
  shut; now I could see them from the right angle ... you know what I mean. When
  everyone had acclaimed her work, she went back to her Master's feet. 
A voluptuous redhead came to me and cuddled my nipples ... mho ... that was
  wondrous .... ouch! My erect nipples had been abruptly crushed by steel clamps;
  each of them leashed. 
&quot;I think this slave could be led to the dungeon this way, my friends;
  she needs two firm hands to be effectively conducted and a third to control
  the plugs ... Who would like those tasks?&quot; 
I was excited and trembling and juiced, leashed by my nipples to the whip,
  nearly doggie style, someone ceaselessly staring at my body. I muffled my pleasure.
  Serge and Mark handled the leashes and pulled on .... pooh.... at the same
  time. I felt a strong hand seize the plugs and turn them slowly ... deep inside
  of me ... 
&quot;Come on bitchy, right to your lesson in docility. hop, hop, and keep
  your leg straight on line, up with your ass ... this way this way, up ... up!&quot; 
The longest walk of my life, believe me! Everybody touched and squeezed and
  taunted my flesh ... every way you can imagine. And I couldn't offer my pleasure
  ... I was to be punished for unauthorized orgasms ...! Tantalus, who was he...
  By the time we got down to the dungeon, my nipples were nearly off. Serge had
  unlocked my ankles and spread them to rings on the floor. Mark had locked my
  cuffed hands to my collar's ring, behind my neck; I was very well exposed,
  tits swelling forward! Then someone blindfolded me and tightened the harness
  bit gag. Soft lips surrounded my nipples and cunt. I moaned in pleasure and
  that was the moment I took the first blow from my Master's whip; that was a
  demoniac trap! The soft caressing lips relaxed my senses, driving me to the
  invading pricks and pleasure, while the whip compelled me to remember my slavery
  and submission to discipline. I contracted and relaxed every orifice, out of
  control! Should one of the pricks fall... Instantly, the lips disappeared followed
  by twenty rapid strokes on my buttocks; I cried and relaxed the inner muscles,
  and the vaginal plug fell to the floor. 
&quot;Finally, here we are! Now, slut, I'll have the pleasure to test your
  cunt,&quot; Mark said, jamming wildly into me... and ... ooh ... pumping his
  cock back and forth. 
&quot;I'll have you this way all the time, bitch! You'll spend your day nude,
  bit gagged, controlled by my reins out on the prairie. Contract your inner
  muscles, slave... Yes, that way... I'll allow my dependents to use you at their
  whim until you have the right attitude in serving your Lord and Master and
  ohooo!&quot; 
So he came. I stood gasping and drooling through my bit, a hole to be plugged,
  nothing more. Complete and absolute silence surrounded me; had they abandoned
  the dungeon and left me in chains? My Master's sperms floated down my thighs
  and I shivered in expectation. My rear tightening on the plug .... ohhh...
  someone was moving it back and forth... Strong hands untied my ankles and retied
  them crossed and tight. I crashed to the floor and someone tied my legs above
  and below their knees. A rope from the rear plug to my cuffed hands was passed
  through my legs and knotted again to the plug; I was trapped and besieged,
  snugly besieged, but they were not through. They looped a rope behind my neck,
  over my shoulders and under my armpits, knotted it between my shoulder blades,
  and then used it to draw my my ankles toward my back, arching my back awkwardly.
  It was frightening and pussy-tingling, you know! 
Who was unfastening my harness-bit? I had to thank him,or her, somehow. 
&quot;Thank you, my mouth was in terrible pain ... ouch ... may I do anything
  to ...&quot; 
&quot;Shut up slave! This was only to grease the corners of your mouth comer
  for your long ride to my ranch; here, open wide... so, good ... and now be
  a good girl.&quot; 
I was bit gagged again, tighter than before, and he left me alone again, or
  so I thought. 
&quot;Hi, lass! I think we'd have a good time on the road, won't we?&quot; a
  rough voice asked, openly taunting my buttocks. &quot;I'm your chauffeur. In
  the mean time, I'll get a bit from those luscious breasts of yours. Just to
  teach you your right position at the ranch. Here we are, slut.&quot; 
He pinched my nipples and rocked me back and forth ... back and forth ...
  ouch ... He jammed a huge cock between my breasts and squeezed them against
  each other ... I was to be used this way ... exciting ... I felt him bulging
  until he spread his scum all over them, and my throat, and my ... face ... 
&quot;Guess now you know who you are and what you're for, don't you slave-slut?
  Now be good; I've got to prepare your trunk ... nice tits, very nice tits indeed.&quot; I
  heeded him, leaving his sperm on my skin as he went away. Later, I was lifted
  up and carried outside ... I felt rough sand beneath me when they lowered me
  to the ground. 
&quot;Look, slave, that's your limousine to my ranch.&quot; Mark said, taking
  off my blindfold. 
The car was a four wheel drive whose back had been adapted to a caged trunk,
  openly on view. I was to be set inside. To ensure a full view, he hooked me
  to the ceiling by the rope connecting my torso and ankles; I would have to
  rock back and forth all the long way and be seen in this condition ... a rough
  way to juice, isn't it?! 
&quot;This way, you'll not fret for fresh air and a bit of sun, care of your
  hubby, bitchy.&quot; 
&quot;Mark, I specially cherish Diane's perfect tummy; rocking all the way
  long could ruin it and our pleasures.&quot; 
&quot;Diane is mine for six months, but you're welcome to make suggestions.&quot; 
&quot;Well, I guess the opportunity to anchor her nipples straight in front
  of her and her ankles behind; it could be useful to expose her some more ...
  and her tummy could be safe.&quot; 
&quot;Very good idea! I'll take care of the nipples, you do the ankles Ok?&quot; 
My loving Hubby! They did it harshly. The position compelled me to tighten
  my rear muscles ... around the plug... mho... And so we left; I had climaxed
  again, what an untamed bitch I am really. I was blindfolded, and I knew they
  had to ride country roads, far from police cars. An hour passed and I heard
  cattle bells and cowboys whispering. The car stopped. 
&quot;Hi Boss! Beautiful. lass you got! She seems be kept on line ... uh.uh
  .... may we go and prepare her barn, down to the ranch?&quot; 
These were harsh voices, and my tied, arched, nude body had aroused them.
  they seemed happy to have me there at their disposal. My clamped nipples became
  stiff ... ouch ... and my juices floated down the truck's hatch. 
&quot;Right you are, Boys! Happy to see you all again! Arrange the main ouse's
  cellar as stable one ... some straw all around, some iron rings on the walls,
  my preferred whips, and the necessities to restrain and discipline her, guess
  what I mean? We'll be there forty minutes from now. See you then, buds!&quot; 
&quot;Serge, hope you care for her perfect maintenance in the future. I'd
  like to assist you in punishing her in some unexpected and exciting ways.&quot; 
&quot;Mark, my friend, that is absolutely understood! Let's say we'll have
  a beautiful experience all together, won't we?!&quot; 
Lovely predicament. I was to be happily subdued and played by the two most
  sexy and demanding men I knew, free to surrender to my sensations. My Hubby
  had sold me but he was there to use me ... wow ... my &quot;new&quot; Master
  ... was he really new? I writhed at the prospect. The car stopped again. 
&quot;Untie her but for handcuffs and bit and carry her to the stable. We'll
  have a drink, won't we, my friend?&quot; I heard Mark ordering somebody while
  leaving the car. &quot;Make her run to her place. Use the whip on her rump
  if she doesn't obey! We want her in perfect form in an hour, OK?!&quot; 
Two men opened the hatch, untied my legs ... slowly touching my ... mho ...
  flesh. A strong hand tightened the plug's rope. 
&quot;Look slut, this is the best to train your ass to attention; the deeper,
  the better.&quot; 
Then they put me on my feet. 
&quot;Hey, Slim, look at the hatch! This slut's juices washed it! She likes
  the hard way, you think?&quot; 
I blushed; they had discovered me. 
&quot;Sure Bud! We're to bring the lass to the stable and punish her if ...
  you understand me. Now let's get on with it!&quot; the second guy said, squeezing
  my breasts. They helped me to the ground, slapping my buttocks ( and plug...
  ), leashed me, and took off my blindfold. They were brawny, country attired,
  lustfully savoring their job, and ... bulging ... you know where. 
&quot;Come on lass! You'll have to run, knees up to your tummy, all the way
  along,&quot; BUD said, taking off my stilettos while Slim unwound a long whip. 
&quot;Should you fail a single step, I'll kiss your ass with my whip,&quot; Slim
  informed me, lasciviously handling my thighs. I started to run and found it
  tough but exciting ... you know, my tits bulging up and down, my buttocks swelling
  on every move, the plug deep inside me ... I had a long run on green grass
  to the house since the car stopped at the ranch's gate. I saw a nude, handcuffed
  woman, tethered by a long rope, running around a pole. She was bit gagged and
  stimulated by her trainer's whip should she lower her knees. Two small bells
  hung from her nipples and played. So I was to be in the near future, and forgot
  to raise my knees ... ouch 
&quot;Knees up, slave,&quot; Slim whooped, whipping my ass 
&quot;Up with your ass, shoulder up ... hop, wench, hop.&quot; 
Ten lashes over my rump, and I ran so furiously they had to tug my leash to
  slow me down. Time passed and we arrived at the House. 
&quot;Down there, lass,&quot; Bud said, holding the plug and pushing me forwards.
  They were gasping and drooling a bit after our run. Twenty steps down, there
  was a large room with barred windows, straw all over the floor, some iron rings
  on the walls. My handcuffs were hooked to the wall. 
&quot;Now, my beautiful slut, you'll have to be rewarded for your recent misbehaving,&quot; Slim
  said and pushed me to my knees, slightly bending forward. Bud took off my harness
  bit gag. 
&quot;Here you are, bitch! Now, suck and lick it eagerly, but beware; my friend
  will whip you, forty strokes at the very best. Should I climax before the fortieth,
  you'll get twice as much. Then Slim will use your mouth and I'll take his place
  whipping you. Understand slave-slut?&quot; 
I was again on my knees, nude, helplessly driven into slavery, sucking a cock
  under the whip; I guess the whip strokes contracted my lips and brought pleasure
  to him. With his dam near breaking twice, I tried to control my pain and he
  came at the fortieth stroke, yelling his pleasure to the ceiling. 
My back was on fire and Slim took his turn. 
&quot;Please give me some rest ... ouch .... mmmfff&quot; 
&quot;Shut up, slave! Suck it,&quot; my tormentor answered while his friend
  whipped me brutally. 
Finally my ordeal was over. They cuffed my ankles, bit gagged and cuddled
  me, left me chained to the wall like a horse and went silently away .I collapsed
  drooling through my bit and ... down there. 
Chapter 6: Introducing the Slave, and... 
I woke up on a bed, dressed in a long, purple silk robe with matching stilettos.
  I saw a pleasant vision in the mirror, and and it was me! Look at that perfect
  makeup's and hair, charming. 
&quot;This is my fortune to hold steady! May I have your hand, my Dear?&quot; Hubby
  was gallantly lending me his hand. 
&quot;You'll be the guest of honor at dinner. Everybody's waiting, so let's
  go!&quot; 
Thirty or forty formally attired men and women clapped when we entered the
  dining room five minutes later. 
&quot;Diane, my sweet jewel,&quot; it was Serge, &quot;here, I want you on
  my left, your Hubby on my right. My dearest friends, now you can admire my
  latest acquisition. She is a rare treasure we cherish as the very best!&quot; 
The chorus clapped. Was I a Hollywood star? I had been sold and bought as
  a Slave ... or a pony-girl ... did all those men and women know?! Sure! They
  knew and were admiring my Masters' good fortune. Soup had been served and the
  other guests were eating, but I had no spoon ... how could I ... 
&quot;Now my dear, it's time to get into your role,&quot; Serge said, and
  turned to the waiter. I saw him coming with a pair of handcuff on a silver
  plate. Was I to be...? 
&quot;A good pony has no hands, to drive attention to your task. You'll have
  to silently lap your soup, lass.&quot; 
Serge handcuffed me, hands at my back, and shackled my ankles, too. There
  I was, handcuffed hands and feet, lapping my soup ...and juicing. As the soup
  was taken away; they served an enormous roast. I quivered in expectation, then... 
&quot;Mark, Serge, we've admired your slave's charms and I guess it's time
  to feed her some meat. All the men think she has to eat it right from our laps.
  We'd like to have her crawl on all fours and... eat it ... eagerly.&quot; 
&quot;Sure, Buds! And you can, with our kind permission, pinch her flesh,
  your choice, if she doesn't eat correctly,&quot; Mark answered, handcuffing
  me in front.&quot; 
&quot;But a pony girl can't be so attired,&quot; Serge added, releasing the
  knot on my robe's right shoulder. 
So I crawled, nude but for my chains, around the table, stirring my back,
  my breasts moving up and down, up and down. My first man was fully erect and
  had wrapped beef all around it. he fingered my nipples and then I began to
  nibble him ... Five minutes later I was submerged by his scum. When I had consumed
  half of the manly guests, Serge ordered that I have some from the women. That
  was an apt task, for some of them had conformed meat to their outer labia;
  they made me lick and eat: Others had deeply plugged their cunts so that I
  had to stick my tongue inside their cunts and eat ... wow! And all of them
  climaxed. 
&quot;My friends, may I have your attention for a moment? I think it's time
  for a special dessert. We have to be deprived of Diane presence for a while.&quot; 
As Serge began to speak, someone, maybe a waiter, hog tied me by locking my
  hands on my back and linked them to my ankles cuffs. I was blindfolded and
  carroed off. Two minutes later, I guessed, they had laid me down on an enormous
  plate in the kitchen and tightly ball gagged me. They poured chocolate and
  vanilla and cream all over my body until I was fully sheltered by sweets and
  transformed into a big cake. Maybe all tje guests were to lick me and pinch
  ... and... Before I knew it, I was back in the dining room and they started
  to ... you know, I had such powerful orgasms, I passed out. 
Two men pumping me at once recalled me to earth. I had been blindfolded and
  sandwiched ... ooh ... I was fucked everywhere ... they climaxed together ...
  yelling, and hurled me to the floor. 
&quot;Time to put her in the barn for the night, Mark!&quot; 
&quot;Good!&quot; Hubby answered, cuffing my right hand to the left ankle
  and the same to the others. When we got to the stable, he said, &quot;We want
  you to rest a while, slave-slut, so we allow you to be truly tied up for the
  night. Mark, do you agree?&quot; 
&quot;Sure, my friend.&quot; 
&quot;Please no, don't tie me too much tighter ... I'm tired. ouch!&quot; 
&quot;Shut up bitch, you'll be tied up and gagged as we choose!&quot; 
First of all the crotch-rope ... hmmm... good and tight; then they wrapped
  my legs in rope, cords digging into my flesh ... bound my forearms together
  in front and then between my breasts to my torso ... inserted an inflatable
  penis gag into my mouth and pumped it well. Finally, they made me lie down
  and tied my nipples to rings on the wall. 
&quot;Good night, slave! Suck that prick eagerly, all night long, until you
  fall asleep. If you fail, we'll consider it an offense to your Masters and
  punish you. The liquid's level will test your docility to our whims ... bye
  bye.&quot; 
I was alone again and sucking a creamy cognac ...captured and as happy as
  ever in my life thanks to my dreamy Masters 
To be continued 
Chapter 7: Awakening 
A soft buzz was sticking through my ears. I was quietly surfing onto the airmoving
  just a little bit towardsmoving?! What the Hell?! I opened my eyes at once.
  I was into a trunk. I was as likely tied up as my Master had left me past night
  but I was being transported somewhere and not knowing whereand most of all
  who was bringing me away from my barnit seemed I was into a car's boot. 
I screamed aloud, forgetting to be gagged by a big rubber penis gag... An
  exciting thought, I guess, as my loins stated to tingle. 
I spent some times letting my mind wandering through past events. I had been
  sold to Serge (even if for a delimited period). Undoubtedly now someone has
  stolen me from him and Hubby. 
Abruptly the buzzing engine was off. I heard doors crashing and voices. 
Ask the Devlin to come and carry my new property home. I want her up to my
  bedroom next hour. By my footboard, of course. Cleaned, if needed and restored.
  Give her a bit of food and water but keep her restrained 
Yes ma'am. Would you like her perfumed &amp; oiled? I think she  your property
  stinks just a little bit 
Nice idea. Do your best: 
Those were all unknown feminine voices to me. Anyway I was to be used (and
  abused) by a woman. In fact they have said Madam addressing whoever was in
  charge of my future. 
So nice a pet, this one. Have a look Jane! I guess Madam will have plenty
  of good time tonight. Come on Baby let's take you out of here 
Tall, muscular but feminine, busty, greenmmmhhliquid eyes, slim, clearly
  liking her work. That was my temporary thug. She had a strong but sensual grip
  on my breasts and thighs, lifting me off the trunk. And she was in the nude!?
  Yes, she was stark naked saved for a black stilettos pair and a red collarcollar?
  Was I manhandled by a slave? Should they have taken my gag off I would ask
  about, but 
All right, Pet, I bet you'll walk a better way now she said, freeing my
  legs I'm mistress Devil to you. Now I'm to take off that gag. Are you going
  to be good and silent, Pet? 
I nodded. 
Good. Here we go. Now I guess you have a lot of questions to express. All
  newbie going to be permanently slaves here have them. As for now, I feel confident
  in allowing your first question to be solved. But remember, Pet, from now to
  the next permission to speak may run a lot of time, depending on your actual
  and future habits in training. So be careful, slave. 
I was a bit quivering. Also my freed legs shook violently for blood flushed
  again after a long time. I needed to know where, who, why. As an experienced
  slave I knew as my first requested thought had addressed to my new owner or
  such so I went easy. 
Mistress Devil, may this one know whom is honoured to serve now and if Master
  Serge and Master Mark are aware of my being here? As a loyal slave this one
  feels compelled to ask about them. 
Pet, your new owner is Mistress Scott. You're definitely a piece of Her Property
  now and I guess the rest of your life along. No one will know or uncover where
  you actually are. Most probably your past Masters will come across your missing
  without finding evidence or such. Mistress Scott is actually at Serge's estate
  sharing their efforts. She will fake to discover evidences of Mafia's thugs
  around. At that point your past owners will strive to contact those persons.
  And they will deny anyway. You're definitely lost, my pet. You're here to be
  fully enslaved and wholly committed to Mistress Scott's service. I know you
  knew each other. I also guess you think she can't easily do that, cause of
  her friendship for your husband and Serge and, most of all, for her social
  habits. Maybe you guess all the other people at her periodical parties know
  you and could report your presence to husband. Well you're wrong! You're not
  to be sheltered into Scott's estate. After your preliminary training you'll
  be here, mostly chained to the wall of Mistress Bedroom. I forgot, pet, we're
  in the Caymans now; and all the surrounding here around belong to your Mistress.
  And only Lynn Scott and her lawyer know about this place of hers. Put behind
  you all your past lives, pet. You're to rebirth as a piece of property, cherished,
  cared for, but property at all. Is that enough Pet? I think so. Now let' go. 
While she was talking, her fellows had retied my arms behind methey also
  made my elbows touchingouch and my nipples protruding and stiff. Then, as
  just as a steel collar clicked shut around my neck, Devil snapped a leash onto
  it and hauled me to the house we have been in front of. 
I gathered my data and my pussy her juicesI unmistakably had been stolen
  away from life (and luscious Masters). I had to face a real enslavement. No
  hope, no escape. Lynn Scott had planned this a lot of time ago I guessed. Through
  the years I guessed her desire to own me a few times and reported to Hubby.
  My beloved had accepted these warnings as ones of her appreciation and convinced
  me she was not dangerous. He told me also that masters/Mistresses Code in Bdsm
  inhibits from such habits. Slaves are property but each Master (Mistress) has
  earned that property through his her path to. Stealing a slave is crime not
  a play. 
But in the very matter of fact I was a stolen slave facing a harsh future.
  Once again I was naked, tightly tied and leashed as a pet. My swelling breasts
  were abruptly touched by the whip 
Ouchthwack ouch tweak, thwackMistress this one regrets her habits,
  thank you Mistress for your guidance 
Excellent Pet! I tested your attitude by whipping your breast (the deadly
  bastard!?) I think you'll do the very best for your Mistress, don't you? 
Once inside Devil gave my leash to a male butler waiting by the main door. 
Up in the shower room, Philip. Lynn wants her a bit refreshed. Give her a
  bath, oil and perfume her and a bit of good food and water. Then the ring on
  the footboard. Let her as she is now. I know you're the best to 
Well Miss Devil, I'll strive to be. What if she misbehaves ? 
As usually, Phil. At your wariness. 
Philip drove me to the shower. 
They told me your past name was Dyane, Pet, didn't it? Now it's Pet. No more
  Dyane. No more womanly habits. You are a Pet. A cherished property, a female
  toy to be pleased with. You're not even human too, or at least you are within
  limits your owner will set up. Now, rules n. 1 : you're not
  to speak unless told to. You can say yes by juddering your breasts left to
  right, and thank you Mistress by wiggling your ass or say no (when requested
  to) by bending forward and presenting your butt. Only and if your mistress
  (or guests of her choice) request of you can talk in a proper third person
  manner. Even if you're not valued as human, your movements and habits gotta
  be gracious and feminine and charming at the very best or you'll suffer the
  consequences. I that understood? 
I wobbled my tits vigorously. 
Good Pet. Back to work now 
He hooked my leash to a ring on the wall and left. Slowly air's heat was pleasurably
  increasing. It was relaxing even if I started to sweater a lot. Tem minutes
  later I realized it was a Hammam room. Well a so said Turkish bath fitted the
  scene. A stolen slave, a luscious harem and such 
My blood quietly runs all along my body... especially trough my most sensitive.
  Tied as I was I couldn't test them but knew them..Moisting andwell you know
  what. I found myself cuddling my helpless conditionstits were hard as rockhips
  rousing up and thereup and thereit seemed I was lost again and againnaked,
  helplessly tied up and collaredmmhhh 
So, you're enjoying the heat, Pet, don't you said Philip 
mmm. Yes MasterI 
Master?!... I'm not your Master, Pet. You haven' a Master here! You have
  a Mistress, Lynn Scott her name. And most of all you've just broken rule n.1.
  Or did I allow you to speak?!! 
He was angry. I bent forward and presented my ass to his whims. He slapped
  my cheeks twenty or three times. Then gagged my sobbing mouth with a bit gag,
  hard and tight and blindfolded me. In the meantime room's temperature was hotter
  than before. 
I hope you learned your first lesson, pet. Now it's really time to clean
  you up 
I sensed him unhook my leash and pull. I followed demurely, quivering thighs
  and ass burning. Then a cold water jet was hurting me all around. It was a
  shockingly but exciting test for my nipples. I felt them protruding a bit more
  stiffdamned unruly slave bitches we are, don't we? Philip continued his work,
  softly drying my body with some sort of soft rags. His hands were strong but
  kind somewayhe rubbed my breasts, my armpits then he did my thighs expertly
  undoing my tension. Then we're going to the coremy love spots I mean, but
  he disappeared all at once 
I would have screamed but I was tightly bitted and blindand on the edge again.
  I thought they were putting me to my heels. As a slave pleasure is not my thing,
  save for serving my masters or...Mistress, So that orgasms denying could be
  a tool to drive me to attention... The quicker I relaxed the better .Instantly
  I felt delicate hands pinching and opening my labia. A womanagain?! I pushed
  my hips forward and met her lipswow!!! She was licking me dryandI climaxed
  one... then two... three times. As I gasping for air, my unknown user probed
  my ass with his hand and sprayed some cream inside. It was fresh and pleasantly.
  Then a thick rod was plumbed into my ass... deeplythe ultimate touch in my
  debased state. 
Next the same hands went ahead oiling all of my body. And that was a scented
  one; I savoured mint, sandal, and incense. My skin infinitely liked it. I felt
  like a radiant sun now and ready to serve my fate 
Unexpected pleasures and all that body caring had relieved me of any tension
  related to my new predicament. I was terribly hungry and thirsty too. As Lynn
  had ordered I was now quietly following my leash to an unknown place where
  I hoped to find some meals. 
Here we are, Pet. Kneel down for me. It was Phil again. He took away my
  gag. 
Now open your mouth Pet, and taste this superb steak. Better you gain some
  strength for your next hours will be a bit harsh I presume. Good. Now what
  about a sip of wine? I knew you liked it. 
Philip served my meal patiently and a bit sternly, you know. In fact each
  time I relaxed my position just a little bit, bending forward or such; he roughly
  twisted my nipple, lecturing my habits. Aside from that He expressed approval
  of my posture bywell two probing finger deeply into my assAnyway I felt quickly
  restored. 
Now I'm to put you in a proper position to wait for your Mistress. Down to
  your heels, slave! 
He tied my ankles together, the ran a rope over my shoulders, down under my
  armpits and knotted it in front between my breast, and drove the remaining
  around my thighs, tightening and ouchpushing my head down. 
Open your mouth, pet. Widerwiderrelaxgood pet! 
It was a ring gag and that wasn't enough. A chain connected the ring onto
  my collar to something solid behind me. I heard the lock closing. 
Now open your eyes, Pet. Your Mistress will probably arrive next hours. This
  is your new home (save when you'll be stored away for puns, of course). Comfy?
  I think so. Stay there and wait, slave. But remember: never to look directly
  at your Mistress! 
And there I took a pew, on my knees, naked, ass plugged, tied up, collared
  by a luscious bed. Would I be in Lynn 's pants when entering this room Id
  instantly taken away by pleasure. Is there someone who hasn't dreamed about
  such a scene?  
Chapter 8: meanwhile 
Take it easy, Men! You both can't be so unsteady all at once for a slave's
  missing. Property is property, after all. I understand you hate this occurrence
  but, anyway, you lost her. Now let's stick together our brains and strive to
  do our best to find her path. Is it Ok? 
What the hell are you bubbling about, Lynn !? Property? You were talking
  about my wife. And my slave of course. Primarily she is my soul mate, half
  the apple and so on. I can't but hunting those who had taken he away. And when
  I'll get them 
Serge, I regret Lynn 's tone but she is right. They have stolen our property.
  Think of her like that and keep it cool. We're both businessmen. We know mind
  coolness is strategic in targeting our goals, don't we? I just sent one squad
  of mine to detect hints all around the estate. In the mean time, my friend,
  collects your thoughts and do try and remember if someone has showed a particular
  interest in Dyane. Come on Buddy, I know there should be more of evidence than
  we have now. 
Good. I think to go and steady up your men seeking. Should I find some tracks
  I'll call you instantly up? Ok? 
Ok Lynn . Keep in touch answered Serge demurely. 
Stupid dicks. All they can think about is a bunch of holes to use at their
  whims. So woman isn't but a piece of meat to be enjoyed uh? I'll show you big
  men! From now on your precious one is mine to keep. I'll break her to my pleasures.maybe
  next time they'll see her she would be naked and on leash, driven by my dog
  to her kennel and barking aloudas the bitch she isnice waymmmhhh Lynn mumbled
  to herself while running her Land Rover on the prairies. 
Shortly afterwards she saw the Men and stopped the car. 
Nice to see you here, Mistress Scott. Are you doing ? 
Here to help you Bud. Haven't you still found some of evidence? 
Nope. Come with me to the camp He answered. 
Lynn 's arrival focused all other men's attention to the female body she displayed.
  After all, they were in search of a pleasure's female and some of them had
  tasted her charms. They were riding from early in the morning, visioning and
  talking about Dyane's charms and slavish kills. They were excitedand now this
  curvy rich female was there alone. 
Lynn sensed their disguised lustful glances. She was excited in a way. Being
  a dominant, so an evident male interest gave her a sense of power, butit was
  also exciting in a strange way. For she flashed trough being overpowered by
  these nerds, roughly stripped and tied up and  
Nice to see you all. Do I follow you by car or is there any horse for me? 
Sure. Come with me Madam said a stud, black haired, tall guy, and the greenest
  eyes you can think of. 
He led Lynn some hundred yards in advance, towards some bushes. 
This snooty bitch he thought wiggle and jiggle that smart ass of yours
  if you like. A horse? I think you will like yours, slut 
As likely as they were amidst the bushes, so unseen by the group, he produced
  a pair of steel cuffs and snapped them onto Lynn 's wrists cuffing her hands
  behind. 
There. Much better now. Listen to me, cunt. I want to fuck you, here and
  now. Nothing else but for your sucking my cock after and lick it clean. I guess
  you'll enjoy it. And know you like this treatment, even if you play this crazy
  stuff of being in command in the rest of your life. As likely as you satisfy
  me you'll be free again to hunt that other bitch of yours. No one will know
  of yourentertainment. No scream or I'll kill you and report you've been assaulted
  by Dyane while I was bridling horses. Understand? 
Lynne was moistening. That abrupt reality lined up her thoughts. The way she
  was restrained had made her tits protruding she was heavily and faster breathing.her
  mouth was invitingly open 
so you want to fuck me, you dirty stud. How come you thought to? 
Quiet, stupid bitch he answered slapping her face quiet. Time for you to
  learn to address your male's superior the proper way. Now kneel and beg me
  to fuck your worthless bunch of holes. I'm a one word man: I fuck you, you
  give me pleasure and then we go on our search. Even if I think this is the
  occurrence to teach you some proper manners. Now kneel, slut! 
Fuck me Master, rough and hard. This worthless cunt begs you to use her.
  Anywayanytimeplease Master uses your bitch. This was a fainting Lynn , head
  down, ass wiggling, invitingly. 
Her captor padded Lynn 's ass a bit and hauled up her skirt, revealing the
  black thong. 
Nice ass, Slut. You have a thing for attracting males, I see. Good for my
  Friend here. 
He ripped off the tiny panties and handled her ass cheeks, widening them. 
Now take it all, you Bitch! And let me hear your appreciation for your Master's
  cock filling this worthless shit hole. Come on whore! Thank me for fucking
  your ass! 
OohMaster you're so big you're ripping me apartthank you Mastermmmhhhthis
  worthless slut strives to have your cum up into her assharder... Master, harder
  I beg you! 
Lynn 's moans and ass bouncing up and down her intruder made him speedy harder
  than a rock. The man furiously began to groan and move faster. 
Good Bitchup to your throatenjoy my dicknow take my loads up to your ass.
  This is what you needoh God! He erupted collapsing onto the kneeling and
  cuffed woman for a brief moment. 
Lynn was in heaven. Her captor couldn't have known that her only pleasure
  as a submissive relied on anal and Rapeand bondage. She had climaxed two times
  while the male was pumping into her. 
Ok bitch. Got to work now. Stand up! he said, opening her cuffs. 
Now you'll show me how much you cherish your Master's cum. Stick your finger
  up in the ass and lick my cream off... Now. 
A trembling Lynn obeyed the order. Red luscious lips sucking her creamy fingers
  time after timedreamy eyes closing by pleasurehips swiftly undulatingthen 
Your cream is off, Master. May this one serve you any other way? 
No madam. As I said before now it's time to forward our work. You're a beautiful
  woman, and piece of ass I should say. The pleasure you gave me was immense.
  I'm pleased with you 
Thank you Sir. May I know your name, now? 
Name is Adam 
Well, Mr Adam, I guess this was a first step in our cooperation, you know.
  This was my first time as a submissive and I must frankly admitthat I liked
  it 
You're welcome Madam. Now would you mount this one? he answered giving to
  her the reins of a grey stallion. 
They rode back to camp. 
I got something to get from my car. Please just wait for me just a little
  bit 
So said Lynn rode to her car; they saw her catching a shoulder bag by the
  side window and riding back again. 
Ok men let's go. May I suggest we open our rides on a 180&deg; each? This
  way we could cover a lot more of space to check upon. Should someone detect
  a hint he could warn all the others by mobile phone. So what about? 
Lynn hoped they would have put up with her suggestion. If s, she'd have spotted
  all of her bogus hints all around without being seen. The men were visibly
  talking to each other and considering Lynn 's proposal. After all they were
  all professional hunters and such a suggestion tickled their skills. So they
  agreed and separately rode their paths. 
Adam alone was a bit puzzled. He had sensed something unusual in Lynn 's thought,
  even if it apparently had a sense. 
Better to keep an eye on this piece of cunt. I want but interfere with that
  Dyane's recovery and my Boss interests. It seems as she hides some tricks he
  thought heading on Lynn 's tracks, caring to be unseen from her perspective. 
Lynn headed for an exact point. She had planned for a black limousine to be
  there, two men openly storing into the car's trunk some of Dyane's dresses
  (she had stolen them during the past night) and to be apparently uncovered
  by her. Then there would be a brief fight, whose end would have found Lynn
  aware they were from Sicilian Mafia, for they would have addressed her as Bottana (whore) Fimmina
  fitusa ( lurid bitch) and such. 
Shortly she arrived to the spot. 
Hey Vic who's is this Bottana? 
Donna know but better to take her with us answered the second mafia man. 
Next he caught Lynn 's leg and tried to dismount her. Lynn reacted kicking
  him away and started to call for help. 
Help I don't want to.leave me away. Help! 
Adam had seen the entire scene. He rushed his horse and flew onto the man
  who was still handing Lynn . It was a brief fight for Lynn 's thugs had to
  fake a runaway. 
 Vic, let that fimmina fitusa away. Come on Bud, let's go back , Don Siciliano
  waits for news, come on! Once in awhile they were driving the limousine away. 
 Are you Ok, madam? 
 Sure Mr Adam, thank youshouldn't you 
 Part of my work, madam. Who were those twoI heard them talking about Don
  Siciliano and then calling you a fimmina fitusa dunna know what they mean. 
 Look Adam, I think they were from mafia. Don Siciliano is one of the most
  named big boss in New York . And most of all have a look. These are Dyane's
  dresses pieces. They were loading some other into car's trunk. I fear Dyane
  has been kidnapped by Don Siciliano. I saw him in a bdsm party, last year in
  Los Angeles . He had three slave girls for the night and the next morning they
  were in need of serious medical help. Poor Dyane! I am afraid we'll not see
  her again. Come on we need to inform Serge and Mark of this dreadful event. 
Adam called all the others searching at a gathering point while Lynn rushed
  his way back to estate. She was smiling in a strange way. 
And now, my dear Big dominant males, let's see your skills. While you'll
  be looking for a way out, I'll be enjoying Dyane's tongue right up my pussy. 
Anyway, who can uncover the future? 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Al Tyler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





