BDSM Library - An Unexpected Visit




An Unexpected Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother shows up at son house after his marriage to see how he is doing only to gets the surprise of her life and afterwards.
An Unexpected Visit

Amanda was 10 year divorced with only 1 son Paul who had married a girl from a
nearby state last month.  She met the girl and her family at the wedding and
didn't' really care much for them but Paul insisted she was the girl for him so
she went along with it.  Not that she could really stop it even if she wanted. 
The girl was very bossy and her parents acted like they were god gift to the
world.  Despite their shortcomings, she made it through the wedding.  That
weekend, she found herself quite bored at home alone and decided to take a week
off and go visit the newly wed couple for a weekend.   She had called twice that
month but Paul was always too busy to talk very long.

When she arrived at the house, she noticed Joyce, Julie mother; car was in the
driveway and knocked on the door.  Julie answered acting strangely and let her
in as she walked to the living room and offered a seat.  She noticed Julie still
had her nightgown on even though it was midday and even through she kept her
legs together, she could see her upper thighs.  Tramp she thought to herself.

I just came by to check on how ya are doing, said Amanda.  Is Paul here?

He's busy doing some work in back with mother, Julie replied strangely to
Amanda.  Perhaps you'll like to go shopping or something and come back later. 
I'll tell him you dropped by so he'll be here when you return.

Oh, I sure he want mind me interrupting him, Amanda said, I'll just go out back.

I don't think that would be a good idea, said Julie.  Paul does not like to be
disturbed when he is busy.  You can come back later.

Amanda was getting irritated at the tramp.  He was outside working with her
mother but she couldn't disturb him.  We'll see about that.

He is still my son you know and I still have the right to talk to him when I
want, she replied.

She got up and walked towards the back door through the kitchen area.  A sliding
back panel of glass was there and she started to open it when she saw something
through the glass that stunned her to hesitate.  She could see Paul totally
naked in the backyard dragging a small cart behind.  In the cart was Joyce also
totally naked displaying her chubby shape.  She had a horsewhip in her hand and
was striking Paul white ass globes with it as he waddled along.  As they turned
toward the house, she noticed Paul cock was rock hard and jutting out in front
at least 10 inches.  She couldn't believe he was actually being turn-on being
beaten by that older bitch.  They turned again, as she watched his white ass
globes being hit and found herself getting excited watching his ass cheeks
wiggle with each strike.  She knew she must be perverted or something as her
panties were starting to get wet as she watched them stroll along.  She noticed
Joyce was stroking her hairy pussy in the cart and couldn't resist the
temptation herself to reach down and rub hers.  She wanted to go out and stop it
immediately, but her body wouldn't move.  She raised her skirt and pushed her
hand in her panties so she could get at her pussy.   She was so busy watching,
she failed to notice that Julie had came up behind her till she felt a hard slap
to her right ass cheek.

Push your panties down and raise that skirt higher, she heard from behind.

Slowly she lowered her panties, still watching the action outside.  Raising her
skirt higher, she pushed her butt outward in back like a kid expected to be
spanked.

I told you to come back and since you obliviously can't listen, I'm going to
spank this big ass of yours.

She felt Julie hand slap her other cheek as she pushed her butt farther back. 
Again and again, Julie started slapping her ass as she watch Paul and Joyce
outside.  Her own pussy was soaking wet from the spanking and the scene before
her but the pain in her ass was driving her wild in excitement.  She had never
enjoyed a spanking before but right now it felt so good.

Soon however, her ass was turning bright red as she was fighting gain control of
her senses.  Her ass was trying to avoid the slaps now instead of accepting
them.  Her pussy was still wet and dripping on the kitchen floor.

Spread your ass, slut.  Julie demanded from behind.

Knowing she should stop, her mind refused as she reached behind and spread her
ass wide for her daughter-in-law.  She felt something at the entrance to her
asshole, as she tightened her muscles around the object for a moment before it
forced it way into it.

Ah, she moaned as the object broke through her resistance.  Whatever it was, it
was lubricated and she felt it entering totally up her asshole.  She had never
been fucked there, but it felt good at present as she pushed back so it could
enter further.

What a slut, Julie teased in back.  Fucking a carrot like the whore you are. 
Take it slut.  Fuck my carrot.

Julie talk was exciting her more as she started rocking back and forth on the
carrot in Julie hand.  Her eyes had been closed for a while and opened up to see
Joyce in the glass doorway looking down at her.  Joyce was smiling as she
thought about running but the carrot in her butt was still pumping and she
couldn't move.

What have we here?  A new toy, she asked Julie.

She wouldn't leave and then I caught her looking at ya in back and playing with
her pussy.  She's just like her son a natural born slave.  Isn't that right
dearly.  She pushed the carrot almost all the way in.

Ah, yes, screamed Amanda as the intruder went farther than she wanted.

Well let me help remove all these clothes, said Joyce, you want be needing
these.

She grabbed Joyce blouse and ripped it off her tearing it in several pieces and
throwing them outside.  Then she reached on her back and grabbed her skirt
bottom pulling it over her hand breaking the buttons loose.

That's more like it, she said.  A slut shouldn't have clothes on.  Oh what some
knockers you have there.  I can't wait to play with them.  She grabbed the top
of Amanda hair and yelled out back for Paul to come over.

Amanda tried to turn away but the gripe on her hair and Julie holding her ass in
back still stuffed prevented her.  When Paul arrived, she looked up in total
humiliation to see him looking at her with eyes wide open.  There was nowhere to
hide as she tried to avoid his stare.

Pauly, this is your slut mom who wants to be our new toy like you.  Don't you
think she has nice tits?

Yes mistress, Paul replied as Amanda wished she could sink in a hole somewhere
and disappear.

Do you want to see your mommy big booty, Joyce asked him?

No, please Amanda yelled as Julie pushed her out the door by the carrot in her
ass.  She tried to maintain her balance on the steps as she plunged outward
totally naked and bare for all.  Joyce twisted her hair till she was positioned
with her ass towards Paul.

Your mother has been a naught slut, said Julie.  It time to finish her spanking. 
She let go the carrot and started slapping Amanda ass a lot harder than she had
earlier.  Amanda was trying to wiggle her ass to avoid the slaps as Joyce kept a
tight gripe on her hair.  The carrot was slipping out her asshole as she tried
to gripe it with her ass muscles to avoid the humiliation of having her son
watch it pop out but she failed.  A hard slap to her right ass cheek and the
carrot shot out at least a foot in the air.

Joyce and Julie was laughing as she turned beet red in embarrassment.  Paul,
Julie said, please pick up your mother plug and reinsert it in her ass.  Her ass
is as loose as yours.

Amanda felt like she was dying in humiliation as she felt Paul put the carrot
back at the entrance to her asshole and started working it in.  She could never
look at him the same again as she started pleading with Julie and Joyce to let
her go.

Julie pulled her hands behind her and started tying them with some rope she got
somewhere and then started working on her ankles despite her pleas for mercy. 
When she was done, Joyce let go of her hair as she slowly stood upright again
catching her breath.  She didn't say anything or look at anything but the ground
till she felt a slap on her face.

On your knees, bitch.  Joyce demanded.

She slowly got to her knees in front of Joyce as she saw her hairy cunt close up
for the first time.  She tried to get back up and run but Joyce grabbed her hair
again and kept her pinned.

Time to show you boy how a bitch like you suck cunt, Joyce said, pushing her by
the hair till her face was in her cunt.

She tried to turn her head to the side to avoid her snatch when she felt
something hard hit her back and realized that Julie had struck her with
something and it hurt like hell.

That's it.  Whip the bitch till she learns whose boss her, Joyce said to Julie
as Amanda felt another strike on her back and then turned forward and started
licking the hairy bush.

Much better, said Joyce.  Lick my clit up and down first.  I like it slowly and
then faster.  When I tell you, push you tongue inside and fuck my pussy with it.

Amanda was licking her clit like she enjoyed having her licked by her
ex-husband.  She ignored whatever was going on behind her.  She knew she didn't
want whatever hit her to do it again.  She heard the command to use her tongue
as a dildo and started working it in and out the bitch's cunt.

Amanda felt Joyce juices running down her chin as she climax on her face.  She
was so ashamed of herself eating out the woman pussy in front of her own son. 
She felt Joyce give her a shove on the head pushing her backwards on the grass. 
Looking up, she saw Julie masturbating Paul cock.

Come on your mother, she demanded of him.  To help, she applied several sharp
slaps on his ass.

Cum spurted out of Paul cock landed on her belly and tits.  Amanda closed her
eyes from the embarrassment.

Paul fuck your mother cunt, Julie demanded.  She's a bitch in heat and may be
the only one you get to fuck.

Amanda opened her eyes in horror.  No, she yelled but Paul had already gotten
between her legs and placing them on his shoulders started working his cock in
her pussy.

No Paul, she pleaded.

Guess I'll have to shut the bitch up, said Julie removing her nightgown and
exposing her nudeness to Amanda view.  Time to eat my ass she yelled down.

Amanda watched in horror as Julie straddled her head and slowly lowered her ass
down on her face.  Paul was shoving his cock in and out her pussy and she needed
his cock badly right now.  When Julie ass was planted on her nose, she stuck her
tongue upwards and started licking the rim of her asshole, slowing working her
tongue inside.   Paul was driving her wild with his cock pounding.  It had been
so long since she had been fucked and it felt so good.  She rimmed Julie asshole
for all she was worth as she finally climax with Paul cock deeply buried inside.

Now you're a motherfucker for sure, laughed Joyce at Paul.  Come on Pauly, momma
wants to go to the bedroom and have some fun of her own.  She grabbed him by the
ear, withdrawing his penis from Amanda pussy who was still busy eating Julie ass
and led him inside.

Julie let Amanda keep tonguing till she came and slowly got up.

On you hands and knees slut, she demanded.  From now on, you will stay in that
position unless I tell you otherwise.

When Amanda finally got up on all fours, she slapped her across the ass crack. 
Now crawl your ass in the house.  You're going to prepare me a bath and serve me
while I bath.  A quick kick in the butt, and Amanda started crawling back into
the house.  She didn't know which way to go, but Julie gave her couple of more
kicks in the right direction till they reached the bathroom.

Prepare my bath, bitch, she demanded.

Amanda prepared the bath while Julie relieved herself on the toilet.  She got in
the tub and lay back absorbing the warmth of the water.  Wash me all over slut,
first with soap and then your tongue.  She closed her eyes as Amanda began the
task of cleaning her.  She took her time soaping her all over and then rinsing
her off.  Next she tongued her neck down her tits and then her feet before
working her way to her pussy and licking it till she came.  When she turned
over, she repeated her actions.  Her own pussy was dripping again as Julie got
up and told her to bathe and then come to the bedroom.

Amanda finished her bath in record time.  Drying off her large tits, she got
down on all fours and started crawling towards the bedroom where she could hear
the noises coming from.  Entering the room, she saw Paul in the middle of the
room with his arms tied to a bolt in the ceiling.  He was still naked standing
on his tiptoes.  His ass was plugged with a black dildo and Joyce was at his
side slapping his already redden ass.  He was telling her how much he wanted to
eat her pussy and ass.  Julie was lying on the bed watching the activities and
slowing rubbing her tits.

Well what have we here, Joyce gleamed looking down at Amanda crawling in the
room.  Our little piggie has decided to join us.  Get your ass up and put your
hands over your head she demanded.

Amanda got up as Joyce directed her to a position nearby Paul.  She got some
rope and tied her hands and then looped them to another eyebolt above her head
as she had did Paul.  She tightened it so she had to stand on her tiptoes like
Paul was.  Going back to the table drawer, she returned with another black
dildo.

Where does this go she said holding it close to Amanda face?  It better be the
right place.

In my ass mistress, Amanda replied.

Joyce walked behind and spreading Amanda large ass started working the dildo up
her asshole.  Amanda had to maintain her position as the object penetrated her
butt hole already wet and mounted inside.  Joyce started to slap her ass as she
moaned from the pain on her sore buttocks.

Such a large ass.  Plenty of space to slap, she said, as she continued to slap
it while Amanda shifted weight from one foot too the other.  Oh, it looks like
Paul ass now; Joyce teased stopping and admiring her work.  My husband said you
had a hot ass during the wedding ceremony.  I guess he was right; she teased
pinching her cheek making her jump.  Walking around front, she grabbed both of
Amanda tits and tightened her grip on them till Amanda moaned in despair. 
Releasing them, she slapped both hard.

Ah, Amanda screamed.

She gripped them hard again.  Whose tits are these she asked looking in Amanda
face.

Yours mistress, Amanda screamed.

At least your tits are good for something, Joyce said, slapping them again. 
They got Pauly cock hard again.

Amanda noticed Paul cock had gotten hard again during her torture.  Joyce walked
away and joined Julie on the bed.

Time for entertainment, Joyce said.  She started rubbing her pussy as Julie was
doing while watching.  Turn around sluts and dance.  I want to see those hot
asses, she laughed.

Both Paul and Amanda turned on their tiptoes and tried to wiggle and shake their
butts for their mistresses. 

Oh yes, Joyce said.  Lift those legs while you dance.

It wasn't very pretty as both tried to continue wiggling their tails lifting one
leg up at a time for their mistress's amusement.  They could hear the mistresses
moaning in back and knew they were masturbating on the bed.

Julie, Joyce said.  You have to let me take flabby ass home to Bob tonight.  He
just loves women with big asses. 

Julie told her maybe tomorrow but if she liked, she could stay tonight and help
her entertain the guests, which Joyce eagerly agreed to.

Julie demanded they turn back around while they danced.  Amanda, saw both women
rubbing their clits hard as she wished she could be doing right now. 

Come on sluts, beg to lick our pussies and asses, Joyce demanded humiliated
them. 

Both Paul and Amanda started begging to be allowed to tongue their pussies and
asses as they continued to play with their cunts.  It didn't take long for both
to cum on the bed.

I hungry said Julie getting up.  Let's get a sandwich while our sluts hang
around for a while.  Grabbing her panties she put them in Paul mouth.  This
should keep him quiet for a while.  Joyce agreed and got a pair of hers putting
them in Amanda mouth smiling at her humiliation. 

I think they need time to get acquainted again, Joyce laugh.  She grabbed some
rope and tied it around Paul and Amanda waist pulling them both tight together
barely touching the floor with their toes.  Amanda could feel Paul hard cock at
the top of her clit as she stared at his face in lust and saw him returning her
stare.

Be good sluts, Joyce laughed slapping their asses as her and Julie departed
turning off the lights.   She could hear both of them moaning in their gags and
knew they was trying to get off on anything at present.

She was totally right.  As soon as her and Julie left, Paul and Amanda started
trying to rub their together.  Amanda was trying anything to get Paul cock lower
to her clit area and Paul was trying to reach it but neither could.  Their arms
and legs ache from the pulling as they strained in desperation.

Meanwhile in the kitchen:

Honey you have Paul full time.  You don't need two.  Let me and Bob have the
cunt for a while.  I promise to return her anytime you want.

Maybe later, Julie replied.  She was such a bitch during the wedding thinking I
wasn't good enough for her son.  I'm going to teach that bitch a lesson tonight
she won't forget.  When we go back in, I'm going to film them for awhile just in
case she thinks twice later.  Then I'm going to take her fat ass in the woods
and give her what she desires.  A good birching.

Can I come with you, Joyce asked.  My cunt getting wet just thinking about that
fat ass of hers around a tree.  I bet she's so hot right now she'll fuck the
bark off it. 

Joyce and Julie finished their meal and went back to see how the slaves were
doing in the bedroom.  When they turned the lights on, both Amanda and son Paul
were both in heat.  Each was trying desperately to get off on the other but
couldn't get close enough to cum off the other.  They both stopped immediately
in shame as the ladies entered smiling at their naughtiness.  Their mouths were
still stuffed with the ladies panties.

Shame on you, Joyce laughed at them.  Trying to fuck each other while we were
gone.  She gave each a hard slap on the ass and then help Julie untie the sluts.

Pauly, said Julie.  Get on the floor.  You are going to clean the kitchen floor
with your tongue while I take your mommy slut out for a walk in the woods.  Now
get moving.  She gave him a kick in the ass as he scrambled outside the door
crawling.  And don't make a mess on the floor or you'll have to clean that too,
she yelled.

Julie tied Amanda wrists together.  You and me are going to get acquainted with
a nice walk in the woods, she smiled at Amanda.  Mother would you please get
that paddle from the wall.

Julie led Amanda out the room and through the kitchen where Paul was on all
fours licking the floor.  Joyce couldn't help but swat his ass a couple of times
as they exit out the back in the yard.  Walking behind Amanda, she took good aim
at her ass, hitting it as she was dragged along.  She noticed water dripping
between her legs and teased her on being such a cunt.  Her ass was still plugged
and she swatted it several times with the paddle to keep it up.

Finally, Julie arrived at a fallen tree, which she knew was in the woods.  She
made Amanda bend over it as she tied her wrists and ankles together so she was
draped over it on her stomach.  Her ass was sticking out in back for a perfect
target and her face was out in front for whatever they wanted.  She took her
time getting a switch off a nearby tree while she watched in panic with her
mouth still stuffed with her panties.

Mother we don't want anyone to hear out cute little pet scream.  Why don't you
just go in front and push your lovely ass in her face.  I'm sure she wouldn't
mind.  Striking Amanda with the switch, Amanda shook her head in agreement
immediately.

 Joyce got in front and pushed her ass back till Amanda face was buried in her
large cheeks.  She adjusted her position till she felt her nose press in her
asshole and pushed back to hold it glued in place.

You got this coming you stuck up bitch, Julie said from behind.

 She started bring the switch hard on Amanda white ass in repeated swings. 
Amanda ass was wiggling in desperation.  She was taking no mercy on it and knew
she wouldn't be able to sit again.  She was yelling through the panties for
mercy as her nose was pushing in and out of Joyce asshole.  She couldn't move
anywhere but forward and that plowed her farther in Joyce ass.  The panties had
slipped out of her mouth but didn't fall down due to her close quarters.  Her
yells were muffled by Joyce hair shoving in her mouth.  Finally Julie stopped
when she thought she was going to pass out from the pain.  She knew her ass must
have been bleeding in back from the onslaught.

I think she knows whose boss now, Julie said.  Mother help me slip her over.

Amanda gasping for air watched in fear as the women roughly turned her upside
down over the trunk.  She was now upside down looking up at them.

I always have to pee when I go to the woods, Julie said, and they're never any
bathrooms.  You don't mind if I use you do you.

Amanda looked up at the girl in horror but her ass told her she better not
refuse.  She shook her head slowly as Julie walked over her and slowly raised
herself down on her mouth.

Open wide and don't loose any, Julie teased or we'll have to turn you back over
and switch that big ass of yours again.

Amanda opened her mouth and watched the first drips come from Julie pussy.  She
couldn't believe she was doing this but it was too late now as the flow started
and she swallowed as fast as she could.  Several times it ran down her face as
Julie finally got up and she saw Joyce taking pictures from above.  She was
totally embarrassed and humiliated of having been pissed on by her own
daughter-in-law.   She closed her eyes trying to hide.   Julie however had other
ideas as she struck her tits with the switch.

Ah, no screamed Amanda as it crisscrossed them.

Don't you dare go to sleep on me bitch, yelled Julie?

Her asshole is dying to be fucked, said Joyce in back.  Surely I can help her. 
She started slapping her ass softy with the paddle on her ass plug.

Amanda at first screamed and then feeling the plug lightly entering and exiting
from herself getting excited from the feeling.  The bitch was getting her off
just spanking her plug.

Julie was laughing down at her calling her names as she started moaning from the
feeling in her ass.  She needed to get off bad no matter how she did it. 
Finally she came to their laughter and turned her head to the side embarrassed.

I think we can untie the cunt and let her crawl along now laughed Julie.  Mom be
sure to get some good pictures of my little slut toy.

No problem, said Joyce smiling and helping to untie Amanda.  I'm sure she'll
wiggle that fanny of hers for her photographs.  I'll have to post some of them
on my wall.

Amanda felt a hard slap on her ass and she got immediately on all fours and
started crawling.  She could hear Joyce taking pictures from behind and knew her
life was forever changed.

Wiggle more for the camera, Joyce said, applying a kick to her butt.  I want to
catch that hot ass of yours in motion so hubby can get his cock hard tonight.  I
think I need a good fuck later.  Too bad you won't be joining us.  I suspect
you'll be licking pussy like the cunt you are.

Oh, mother.  Don't be so negative.  I may let her lick my ass all night, laughed
Julie.  Grabbing a switch nearby, she applied a swipe on the side of Amanda ass. 
Get moving slut.  I like to be home by dark.

Amanda had crawled all the way back with sore knees and hands with Julie and
Joyce taking photos and teasing her the whole way.  Her cunt was on fire from
the abuse and needed to be satisfied.

When they entered the house, Paul was still on all fours on the kitchen floor
scrubbing it with his tongue.  His cock was at maximum length in front sticking
outward.  Cum was dripping as he continued.

He's making more a mess than he's cleaning up, Julie said.  Slut get behind him
and clean his cum off the floor while he works.

Amanda didn't need to be told twice as she crawled behind Paul ass and started
licking his cum off the floor.  Her face was buried beneath his balls as she
glanced upward wishing it was in her pussy.

If he doesn't move fast enough, shove your ass in his face and push him forward,
Joyce laughed.

That was music to Amanda ears as she rose up and buried her face in his ass and
pushed forward.  She was dying to see his ass close up as she enjoyed the
pleasure in it. When he moved, she returned to the floor and gathered the rest
he had dripped down.

Julie and Joyce sat at the table watching them with enjoyment.  Amanda was
constantly pushing him with her face in his ass and licking the floor
afterwards.  They could see her cunt lips were wide open and knew they would
have to give her some relief soon.  They waited as long as they thought she
could handle it before letting her get up and telling her to open the side door
of the dryer and go waist deep inside it.

Joyce took Paul by the arm and led him over.

Fuck her in her pussy, Joyce demanded, as Amanda was wiggling her ass in
anticipation of his huge cock in her pussy.  Giving him a pair of dirty panties
off the top, she told him to shove them up her ass to keep her tight around his
cock while he was fucking her.

Neither slave needed encouragement as Paul immediately pushed his cock up her
cunt and started shoving the panties in.  He could feel her cunt muscles tighten
around his cock and pushed more of the panties in.  Amanda was breathing hard
inside the dryer wagging her ass out the back to get more of his cock up her
cunt.

Joyce picked up a slipper from the side of the dryer.  Slapping Paul on his ass,
she started encouraging him to fuck her harder.

Finally Amanda body started shaking as Paul came inside.

I guess he is a motherfucker after all, teased Julie.  At least his cock is good
for someone.  She made him redraw his cock and squeeze in the dryer like Amanda. 
Neither was able to move.  Their lower halves were sticking out from the waist
back.

Let's have a contest Julie laughed to see who can have the reddish ass.  Picking
up the other slipper, her and Joyce started slapping ass watching the slaves'
rears and legs kick recklessly around in back.

Just a fantasy, how way yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





