BDSM Library - My Wife's Swinger Boyfriend




My Wife's Swinger Boyfriend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jeremy talks his wife into visit swinger parties and after a party she starts to date a man she had fallen in love with there. She invites him to spend a weekend in their home where Jeremy is commanded to be a submissive husband serving his wife and her boyfriend while they would have a nice time with each others. 
MY WIFE'S SWINGER BOYFRIEND
(M/f, M+/f , enema, m-self, crossdressing, D/s, home, romantic, consensual, humiliation, 
Hardcore )
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

It was my wife, Paula, who actually mentioned swingers party for the first time. Not to visit 
them but that it was something that actually existed. After that I persuaded her that we should 
visit one and we did. We had made arrangements with Paula's parents to take care of our kids 
and then we went to this house on the outside of town, one hour drive from our house.  If it 
wasn't for that we knew the address we would not have seen that it was a place for a swingers 
party. When we entered the house we had to pay our fee and were escorted to a bar so we 
could get something to drink and meet other couples that had arrived. Both of us were shy and 
not comfortable with the situation and it took an hour before we joined another couple and 
entered a separate room. 

I really wanted Paula to enjoy this so I let her get undressed before I did. The guy who helped 
her was a little bit older than us and so was his wife. They took care of us and help us to get 
started and when we all were naked we both got settled on the mattress. The man started 
touching and kissing my wife all over. I looked into her eyes and reached out for her hand. 
She responded the same way and we smile at each other. Finally we were on our way to a new 
adventure. He then went in between her legs and started to eat her pussy. Paula started to 
moan and really enjoyed the treatment. At the same time the woman I had by my side started 
to touch me and I gave her kisses. She also went down to my dick and started to suck it a little 
bit. Not to make me come, but just to make me feel good. When the other man wanted to 
penetrate my wife, he kindly asked if he should use a condom. As she never used pills or had 
any other prevention from pregnancy, she insisted on it. I saw how she took the condom and 
gently rolled over his dick and then she played with it a little bit to get him ready to enter her. 
I knew that she never had been with another man before so I just had to watch when she got 
another dick in her except for mine. 

Just when he put his dick to her pussy and started to push, she turned to me and gave me her 
hand. I leaned over to it and gave it a kiss just as he penetrated her. She smiled and gave me a 
kiss in the air that I responded upon. Then he started to fuck her and she touched him while he 
did. The woman I was with let me do this and I guess she has been a newbie once too. I 
looked at them while they fucked and the woman held me from behind while I did that. She 
touched my chest and kissed my ears so nice that I almost came. My wife really got fucked 
and it looked like she loved it. They went on for another five minutes before he came and 
filled his condom. He slowly pulled out afterwards and I could see his cum in it. Now I turned 
to my woman and started to play with her. I touched her all over and I almost made her come 
before I asked if I could fuck her. She nodded but when I was about to put a condom on my 
dick she stopped me. I looked at Paula and she nodded at me to fuck her without it and so did 
her husband. I penetrated her right afterwards and it was nice to fuck her juicy pussy. It was 
great and I didn't take long until I shot my load in her. Then I stayed inside until she asked me 
to pull out. Just when I did that, I saw how she looked at her husband and without hesitation 
he got in between her legs and started to lick her pussy. I moved over to my wife and held her 
in my arms while we watched the other couple. We saw how they moved around and she got 
on top of him, spread her legs and we saw how my cum dropped into his mouth.  After that 
we all went to the bar again and we decided to go home.

At that time I thought our swingers days were over. It took another six months before my wife 
brought the subject up again and once more I persuaded her to go there. This time we had 
found another swingers club and Paula's parents took care of our kids again. It was a different 
club but the procedures were the same. This time we knew a little bit more about it and 
instead of going into a room with the first possible couple, we looked around. Both of us 
found a couple about five younger than us to be attractive. They had already agreed with 
another couple about our age to join them and then all the six of us went into a separate room. 
This time I was turned on by it and got undressed first. My wife also felt much more 
comfortable and she took command over the younger of the two men and started sucking his 
dick. She knew what she wanted, to be fucked real hard so she made him come in her mouth 
first. He then took care of her while the other four of us got together and had a foursome. In 
between I looked at my wife and every time I did she just looked into the eyes of this man or 
had her eyes closed while he fucked her. She enjoyed it and I loved to see her enjoy it. I had 
my luck with the foursome and was fucked by the two women at the same time. They younger 
of them were really pretty with small tits and a slim body. The other woman was a little bit 
overweight but was a hell of a fucker. She knew how to make a man feel good and I realised 
that she had been to many swinger parties before. This time all of used condoms when we 
fucked and when we were all done, I had filled two condoms. When I looked over at my wife 
I realised that she had been fucked three times by him.

On our way back home I realised that Paula was really pleased with the party as she said.
- This time was great Jeremy. You know the first time felt strange but this guy in that room 
really took care of me. Did you have a nice time dear?
- Oh yes, especially the older of the two women, she knew how to fuck me. Still I don't know 
how well the young woman knew her boyfriend. It felt like they only got together for the 
swingers party, I replied.

After this event we didn't talk much about swingers parties, but I thought that my wife was a 
lot happier than she had been in a long time. We had a great time together both in the 
bedroom and in general. It took another month until I understood why and that was when 
Paula told me to sit down because she had something to tell me:
- Jeremy. Do you know the guy I was with at the last swingers party?
- Do you mean the young guy? I asked.
- Yes, he's the one. You know I really think he is cute and I have been exchanging e-mails 
with him since that day. Now he has invited me to meet him at a hotel next weekend and I 
really would like to go and see him. It is not that I don't love you, instead he makes my whole 
world spin like when I was a teenager.
- But, was my reaction. Does this mean that you are asking for my approval to go and fuck 
him?
- Yes, just like you persuaded me to join you at the swingers party. Paula answered. This time 
I don't want you to fuck anyone else, instead you shall stay at home to take care of our kids 
and our house.
- I can't let you do that, it would be wrong. 
- Jeremy I know you're wrong. I know how much you love me and how much you like to see 
me enjoy sex. Just think of it like that.
She kissed me then and took me to the bedroom and fucked me like she never had done 
before. 

That settled the discussion and next Friday I packed her bags to make sure she had everything 
with her. Just before she left she opened the bag and then she looked up at me. She picked out 
her toothbrush and toothpaste and said. 
- I don't think I need the rest of it. I intend to stay naked in bed and fuck, so I don't need any 
cloths dear. 
She gave me a kiss, turned around and closed the door behind her. I looked at her as she drove 
away. That weekend was hard for me to handle, thinking of her in bed with that stranger 
fucking. I'm not a jealous guy, but this did not feel good. At the same time it made me horny 
and I had to sneak away and jerk of several time that Saturday. When Paula finally came 
home Sunday afternoon, I could see how beautiful she was. As soon as she got inside, I kissed 
and hugged her. Even though she had taken a shower and brushed her teeth, I though I could 
sense the smell of another man's dick on her lips. 
- Oh Jeremy, that was so great. Paula said. Steven has been so kind to me and has really taken 
care of me.
- That sounds nice Paula, I have also been missing you and I hope you haven't forgotten about 
me. I answered.
- Of course not you stupid. I love you and I love you for that you let me visit him. At the same 
time I must say that I am in love this guy and I want to be with the two of you. You know, 
you are so kind to me and takes care of our kids so well. Steven on the other hand is so cute 
that I loose my breath when I'm with him and above all he is so great in bed.
She looked into my eyes and then she continued.
- Do you know that he no longer is together with that woman from the swingers club. She 
only joined him for the party like you said.
She kissed me another time and continued.
- He also wanted me to prove to you that we have been careful and he asked me to give you 
these.
She looked into her bag and took out a plastic bag and handed it over to me. I took the bag 
and emptied on the table curious of what it was. The finding surprised me, it was several 
condoms filled with a knot by the opening so the cum wouldn't pour out.
- He really has a capacity, Paula said. It feels like he cannot get enough and every time we 
have used condoms.
She took one condom in her hand and put it in front of my nose and said.
- See how much there is and smell it, it is from my pussy. Open your mouth and lick the 
condom, taste me.
I was surprised of the question and did as she said, so there I was sitting with Paula in my lap 
licking a condom another man had fucked her with. After this she put it down and went on:
- There is one thing more. He invited me to stay at his house next weekend, but I turned him 
down. I don't want you to be alone again, so I invited him here instead. The kids are going 
away for a camp next weekend and that will make it possible to meet without confusing them 
with another man in the house.
- But Paula, I don't know about that. I said.
She interrupted me with another kiss and continued.
- I'm so in love with Steven, you know. It will be good for you to meet him again. At the 
same time I can't wait for him to arrive. 
Before I knew it and before I had the chance to argue, she put the hand on my dick over my 
trousers. There she started to play with me and it didn't take long until I shot my load in my 
pants leaving a wet spot on the outside and all messy on the inside.

I realised that I couldn't talk Paula out of meeting Steven because she talked about him every 
minute. Even in her sleep she moaned and said his name. In all of this I thought I would keep 
her if I just kept my head calm and let her come over her rush she go by this man. Then she 
would return to me and I really wanted to be with her. Every evening she talked with him on 
the phone when we both sat in the sofa watching TV. It also happened that she played with 
herself without letting me touch her and I guessed he sat on the other side playing with his 
dick.
 
Friday evening came and the kids were not in the house when Steven came. We were in the 
kitchen when the doorbell rang. Paula went to open while I had to finish up in the kitchen. 
Before I had time to go to the hallway, Paula and Steven entered the kitchen holding hands. 
Paula introduced her boyfriend:
- Jeremy, this Steven. I guess you recognize him from the party a while ago.
I looked at him and shook his hand:
- Welcome to our house. Paula has talked a lot about you.
Steven looked at Paula, gave her a kiss and then he said:
- You must be real proud of her and I am really impressed of the way you have been open 
minded of me meeting her. I never thought that I could fall in love with a woman like I have 
fallen in love with her.
Then he turned to Paula and gave her a hug. Paul on the other hand gave him a kiss and then 
they started kissing each other right in front of my eyes. It was humiliating that they just 
didn't think of my feelings when they did it. They stopped when they heard the kids open the 
door. Paula introduced Steve to them and then we had dinner. After the dinner, I followed the 
kids upstairs to make sure that they went to bed right away. We had to leave early next 
morning and I had made arrangements to take them to the camp. As soon as I was done, I 
went downstairs where Paula and Steven still sat taking to each other, holding hands. Paula 
turned to me when I came into the kitchen:
- Can you take care of the mess her in the kitchen while I while take Steven to the living 
room. I also would like you to make coffee and bring it out to us.
They left the kitchen and I started to take care of the dishes. It took twenty minutes before I 
was done and was able to enter the living room.

When I came in I saw how Paula sat close to Steven leaning over his chest while they 
watched TV. She had a blanket over their legs and Steven had his arm around her shoulders. I 
had coffee with me and put it on the table in front of them and sat down beside Paula. Then I 
realised that she had taken of her trousers, so Steven could touch her legs with his other hand. 
He smiled at me and then kissed her hair to show to me that Paula belonged to him, even 
though she really was mine. Paula placed her hand on my legs and I kissed her on her cheek. 
After this we had our coffee while we talked. It was nice but it didn't take long until Paula 
couldn't hold back anymore. She took off her underwear and turned around so she faced 
Steven and leaned back on me so he could play with her pussy. He responded right away and I 
saw how his fingers started to play with her clit. This was just what she wanted and started to 
take off her shirt and bra as well. Now she was naked spreading her legs for this second man 
and she moaned by the treatment. He continued to play with her until she came while I held 
her from behind. It was so nice to feel her tremble and hear her breath as she came. As soon 
as she had caught her breath again she said:
- Steven, I want you to fuck me. Please put on a condom and fuck me!
Steven got undressed and before I knew it and he also pulled out a condom from one of his 
pockets. He rolled the condom over his dick while I had to lie down on the sofa with Paula 
above me. I held her tits on the side while he penetrated her pussy and then he started to fuck 
her. Steven was now on top naked with Paula underneath him, while I was under both of 
them. He went on fucking her for a long time until he finally came. For me it was heavy to 
carry the weight. When he was done, he sat down on the sofa and Paula said to me:
- If you want to fuck me tonight, then this is your chance. Go and get a condom while I am 
getting settled.
I went into the bedroom where I kept my condoms and when I returned to the living room 
Paula had taken her position on top of Steven, spreading her legs for me. I got undressed and 
then I fucked her just like Steven had done. It didn't take long until I came. After this, Paula 
pushed me away and all of us sat down on the sofa and relaxed for another hour. 

We all broke up at midnight when Paula said:
- I think it is time to go to bed now. Steven you will come with me and you Jeremy, you will 
have to stay in the guestroom upstairs tonight after you have taken care of the mess here in 
our living room.
Before I could say anything she had left the room with Steven in her hand. When I was done 
with the living room, I just had listen to the two love birds in the bedroom. They fucked once 
more in there. Paula was even more turned on fucking Steven than she had ever been when I 
fucked her. I got jealous when I heard her mown and scream words like "Steven, deeper, 
deeper" or "Fuck my ass just fuck my ass hard". I went upstairs to the guestroom, right above 
the bedroom and put my ear to the floor. There I heard them too, fucking over and over again. 
Finally I had to go to bed, as I was about to drive the kids to their camp early next morning.

I got up early and had breakfast on my own. It was all quite in the house. When I was done, I 
just had to talk to Paula. Last night Paula had locked to the door to avoid the kids from 
running in there and find her with a strange man in bed. I had a key and tried to open it 
quietly. When the door opened I found Steven on his back with a semi hard dick and a used 
condom on it. It was filled with his cum. Paula was turned on the side from him with her 
pussy all open in the air. There were no blankets over them.
- Hi, Steven said. Paula has been fantastic, I must say. 
- Hi, I replied. 
I could not say anything else because I was ashamed and humiliated of being cuckolded. I 
went over to Paula before I could only ask her:
- Hi dear, how are you?
- I'm fine dear, she answered. Steven is so good to me, like a miracle medicine.
She turned around and put her face on his chest and let her hand touch his belly. Now Steven 
continued.
- It's been great fucking her. He pulled off the condom and made a knot by the opening and 
went on. This one is for you, so you know that we have been careful. 
He dropped the condom by the bed and Paula moved her hand down to his dick. She took it in 
her hands and started to play with it.
- This is a fine piece of machinery, she said. I think it is bigger than yours Jeremy, at least it 
feels more when he is inside of my pussy and ass.
In her ass I though. She had never let me fuck her ass and now Steven was invited to do it. I 
decided to leave the room and so I did. Just before I closed the door Paula said to me:
- Call me when you are about to leave. I want to say goodbye to the kids.

I closed and locked the door before I woke up the kids. They had their breakfast and just 
before we went out to the car, I called for Paula. She came out of the bedroom wearing a 
dressing-gown and gave the kids a hug before she returned to the bedroom. She never gave 
me a kiss or a hug. We left the house and it was a one hour drive to the camp and then another 
hour back home. All the time I wondered what Paula and Steven had been up to and all I 
could think of was fucking, fucking and fucking. I could see it in front of my eyes, Paula's 
legs spread apart with Steven's ass jumping up and down as he fucked her. When I returned to 
the house and open up the front door, I was surprised finding the two of them having 
breakfast. Paula still in her dressing-gown and Steven in his underwear. They held each others 
hands while they had their breakfast and I could see how Paula just had to touch him. I went 
over to Paula and gave her a kiss. She smiled at med before she said:
- It's nice that you have returned. Today Steven and I will go shopping and I also want to 
present our city to him. Meanwhile I want you clean up our house to make it shining in every 
inch. Then I want you to cook dinner for us tonight. I do hope that you will surprise us then!
- Yes, I answered. If that is what you want.
- Oh yes it is, she replied. Then you can take care of the dishes after us while we will take a 
shower.
Paula and Steven got up and walked hand in hand into the bathroom to take a shower. They 
didn't close or lock the door to the bathroom. Instead they let the door open so I could watch 
and I did. Paula really used this guy to make it feel good for her. When I look at them he was 
on his knees eating her pussy while she was standing up and when she was done, she just 
walked out of the shower and let him finish his shower on his own. Then they went into the 
bedroom and got dressed before they left the house. I received no kiss or hug from Paula. She 
just held Steven's hand and ignored me completely.

I watched them leave the driveway to our house in Steven's car. I locked the door and went 
into our bedroom. The first thing I saw was a used condom on the floor. I took it in my hand 
tried to sense the smell of Paula's pussy. Then I looked down and found another condom and 
another. All in all I found four of them with a knot at the opening. All of them filled with 
Steven's cum and I was surprised of his capacity. First I didn't know what to do with them, 
but then I put them in the sink in the bathroom to decide later. Then I returned to the bedroom 
and made the beds and cleared the floor. I found Paula's underwear and held them in my 
hand, when I though about using them. I got undressed and put them on and then I found her 
bra. I filled the bra with socks and then I found a dress she had used yesterday. Step by step I 
started to cross-dress, to become a feminized cuckolded husband. It turned me on and I had a 
hard-on all the time. I didn't put on any make-up on, because I thought that would reveal me. 
After that I continued to clean up the house, now as a sissy maid. When I came into the living 
room I found the two condoms me and Steven had used. I took them and placed them in the 
sink too. Another hour passed while I continued to clean up the house and I was bit tired after 
all this work. 

I guess I rested for almost an hour before I started to think of the condoms again. Now I 
though of myself as if I was a woman. I had just been fucked by this handsome man and he 
used condoms. What would he appreciate? Would he like me to pull of his condom and play 
with his dick? I though of the condoms again. Would he like me to eat his cum? I stopped and 
realised that it would be quite something. I went into the bathroom and took one of the 
condoms in my hand. That white creamy stuff looked nice. I decided to pour up some hot 
water to let the cum get warm, just like it was when Steven had shot his cum in them. After 
ten more minutes I opened up one of the condoms and put it to my mouth and lifted the other 
end high up above. Slowly it started to drop on my tongue and I tasted cum for the first time. I 
got exited and pulled the condom inside out and licked every inch of the inside. It turned me 
on to be a sissy slut housewife eating cum. I took another condom and did the same thing 
again and then I continued until I had finished all of them. I knew that one those condoms 
carried my own cum but I just didn't care. It was so great to eat it. I was still dressed up in my 
wife's dress and I saw my hard-on when I looked in the mirror. Slowly I started to play with 
myself and got so turned on by it. After a while I undressed and started to jerk off. The closer 
I was about to come the more I though of shooting the cum into my mouth. Then I decided to 
get down on the floor, raise my feet up in the air over my face and place my dick so I could 
aim at my mouth. Now I continued to play with my dick and felt that I was about to come and 
I opened my mouth as much as I ever could. Then it all came and I realised that it was not 
easy to aim on myself. Some of the cum managed to find it's way into my mouth but most of 
it hit my face and hair instead. I put down my legs again and rested for a while, before I 
decided to take a shower.

After the shower, I put on my own cloths and continued to clean up the house. I looked into 
the fridge and found all the groceries that I needed for the dinner, so took same time resting 
instead. I thought a lot about what Paula and Steven did, but as they were out shopping I was 
quite sure that nothing serious happened. I stated to cook dinner before they returned and I 
was almost done when I heard their car park in front of our house. When Paula entered the 
kitchen where I was, I saw that she wore a new dress, a golden necklace and a new ring on 
one of her fingers. After came Steven with several other bags filled with cloths. She came 
right up to me and said:
- Hi Jeremy, what do you think of my new outfit.
She turned around and I must say that she looked pretty.
- You're really beautiful in it. I can see that you have had a nice time.
- Oh yes, she replied. There is more I want to show you before it is time for dinner. Just stay 
here and I will return. Steven, follow me.
Steven followed Paula and it was nice to see that I wasn't the only one she could push around. 
After a couple of minutes she returned alone to the kitchen dressed up in a new outfit that 
looked very nice. She went away to get changed again. I guess she had bought six or seven 
different outfits, all high class brand and I though it was very expensive. Finally we got 
settled for dinner. 

Paula and Steven talked all through the dinner and every time I tried to say something, Paula 
either interrupted me or ignored me. She kissed Steven several times and he returned her 
kisses. This was a part of the humiliation of me that I wasn't prepared for. I thought that if 
Paula loved me like she said before then just wouldn't treat me like this. Still she did and the 
longer we sat at the table the less I tried to say anything. When we were all done, Paula turned 
to me and said:
- Now Jeremy, we will withdraw to the living room and you will take care of the dishes. 
Please bring us some wine when you're done!
Once again Paula and Steven left me on my own hand in hand. I did as I was told and came 
half an hour later. This time Paula sat on Stevens lap kissing each other. I put the wine on the 
table and was about to sit down on the sofa beside them. Paula stopped me right away:
- Stop Jeremy. You can't sit there. You will have to sit over there on a chair so you can watch 
us. That is all you can do right now.
Her voice was firm and demanding and without hesitation I did as I was told. I sat down and 
watched them make out. See them kissing turned me on and I couldn't help touching myself.
- Stop that, Paula said suddenly. Don't play with yourself when we have guests.
I stopped, surprised of her comment. I mean she sat right in front of me making out with our 
guest and I couldn't play with myself. Before I thought of anything else, I could see how 
Paula turned to me and then to Steven. Then she said:
- Shall we show him what else we have done?
- Yes, I think it is about time to do that, Steven answered.
Paula turned to me and jumped out of Stevens lap and started to undress while she talked:
- Jeremy, there is one thing more that you cannot see right now. 
She moved closer and was now standing right in front of me. She dropped her dress and she 
was all naked underneath. I looked at her tits first but when I put my eyes on her pussy I 
realised that it was shaved now. She had never done that for me before. I was always stuck 
with her hairy pussy and I liked it. Still a shaved pussy would be great to eat. 
- How do you like me juicy pussy. Would you like to kiss it?
She moved closer to me and I got ready to kiss it. Just before it was time, she turned around 
and walked over to Steven instead.
- Sorry Jeremy. This one is for Steven first. If you're lucky tonight, then might have the 
chance to kiss it.
She sat down on Stevens lap again turned to him and started to move over his dick. I realised 
she played with him. I was still stuck on my chair surprised of what just happened. Another 
minute passed with them making out in front of me again. Then Paula turned to me again.
- Jeremy. Please hurry and get a condom for Steven. I am afraid he is about to blow all of his 
cum into his pants.
- Yes dear, I answered.
I went into the bedroom, found a condom and returned to the living room. Paula saw when I 
approached the sofa and said:
- Open it up and then help me get off his pants.
I opened the condom package, put my hands under Paula and pulled off Steven's pants. 
- Now put the condom on his dick. I don't want him to let go of me.
I put the condom at the top of his dick and slowly I rolled it over. It felt strange touching 
another mans dick, but with the fantasies I had had earlier it felt interesting at the same time.
- Now help me get in my pussy dear. I can't wait.
I had to take his dick in my hand and then I helped it to penetrate Paula's pussy. Then she 
started to ride him while I sat on my knees right behind her. I saw that dick jumped in and out 
of her pussy. She was really wet and it took longer than I expected for Steven to come but 
eventually he did. They stopped and sat still for a minute before Paula let the dick come out of 
her. Paula turned around to me again and said:
- Jeremy, you can take the condom off now, Steven doesn't need it anymore. Remember to tie 
a knot so we won't get cum all over the living room. Then you can return to your chair.
I pulled the condom off and tied the knot while Paula kissed Steven. When I was done I 
returned to the chair. Meanwhile Paula moved over on the sofa and got settle on her back. She 
spread her legs and commanded Steven:
- Steven, come over her between my legs and I want you to bring a blanket with you! I want 
you to lick my pussy while I watch TV.
Steven did as she told him to do. I saw how he crawled in under the blanket between her legs. 
After a couple minutes I heard Paula moan and I realised that she had an orgasm. Then she 
made him stay where he was, eating her pussy gently. This way it continued for at least an 
hour. Several times Paula started to moan loud while she had another orgasm. She stopped 
him when a show was over, took away the blanket and I could see Steven all wet on his face 
from her pussy juice. He smiled at her like he was in heaven and he was. Now Paula looked at 
him first and then at me before she said:
- I think it's time for all of us to go to bed and that counts for you too Jeremy. I need your 
help too.
We all got up and Paula went to the bedroom holding Steven's hand while I walked behind 
them. Paula's ass was really nice to look at while she walked and it gave me a hard on right 
away. Now I was the only one dressed and as soon as we got into the bedroom Paula turned to 
me, took of my cloths and pushed me on the bed. Before I know it she jumped over me and I 
had her pussy over my face and then she commanded. 
- Jeremy, eat me shaved pussy now. 
I let my tongue slide over her clit and over to her pussy lips. There I penetrated her with my 
tongue as I could smell her juice. Paula turned to Steven now and said:
- Steven, I want you to fuck my ass and don't use a condom. I can't get pregnant in there so 
just shove it in me. 
I was surprised of her wishes but Steven was not late. I felt his balls banging my forehead 
when he penetrated her ass and when he started to fuck her those balls hit my forehead over 
and over again. Paula had never allowed me touch her ass while she had played with my ass 
several times. Now he fucked her wild and the combination of being fucked in the ass and 
have a tongue over her clit made her wild. Paula screamed higher and higher like she had 
never done before when we fucked. This time Paula had several orgasms before Steven shot 
his cum in her ass and then he stopped. Slowly he pulled out his dick and when it fell out 
Paula moved forward so it landed on my lips. 
- Jeremy, lick it clean, Paula said. I don't want our guest to walk around with a dirty in our 
house.
I opened my mouth and let my tongue clean him all up. After a minute he pulled away and 
then Paula got up and placed herself over my face. 
- Now I need you to clean my ass up too. Open you mouth and stick out your tongue. 
I did as she told me to do and I started to lick her ass. When she was sure that I had my mouth 
open she started to push and then she farted to get the cum out of her ass. It shot straight into 
my mouth before I was able to close it. Then she pushed a second time while I had my mouth 
closed and some more cum hit my mouth. She did it a third time but now it was not just 
Steven's cum, there came some shit to.
- Oh Jeremy, open you mouth now. I don't want you to mess up our bed.
I opened me mouth and she pushed once more and there came some more shit, not much, but 
enough to feel disgusting. I was about to throw up when it hit my tongue but I held I back and 
kissed her ass hoping that she would get up and she did. Paula turned to me then, looked at me 
and said.
- You look like shit and you smell awful. I don't want you close to me now. Please leave the 
room and go to bed upstairs. I will spend the night with Steven.
I was happy to get away so I could clean up and get something to drink. When I came into the 
bathroom I couldn't hold back any more, so I threw up in the shower. It took me several 
minutes to get back and then I took a shower and brushed my teeth over and over again. Then 
I went to the kitchen and poured me a glass of vodka and drank it right away. I guess I drank 
four or five glasses just to get the taste and smell away. Now I was pretty drunk and went over 
to the bedroom and there I found Steven fucking Paula again. I turned around and went to bed 
upstairs. There I passed out right away.

I woke up next morning with a hangover. When I understood that my wife was downstairs 
with another man I had to go down. First I went to the kitchen to get some water to drink. 
Then I went to our bedroom and found Paula in Steven's arms. I went over to Paula's side and 
climed in bed. She turned around and started to kiss me. Then Steven woke up and when he 
saw the two of us kissing, he smiled and pulled close to Paula. I realised that he tried to get 
into her ass but she stopped him this time. After a little while we fell asleep again. When we 
woke up again both Steven and I started to touch Paula all over her body, from her hair, over 
face, over her tits, over her belly, over pussy, down her thighs and to her feet. Every time we 
tried to stop she commanded us to continue. After a while got up on our knees face to face 
and started to jerk off. It was like a competition to come first and both of us did our best. First 
I thought I was way behind Steven and then all of a sudden I felt how I was about to come and 
then I shot my cum over her tits. Steven had lost but he continued for a little while and then he 
shot his cum in her face. Now both of got down beside Paula and I kissed her and licked the 
cum from her face while Steven took care of her tits.

We rested for a little while and then we went to our kitchen for breakfast. I had to pick up our 
kids and had to leave Paula with Steven alone and it didn't feel good, but I had no choice. 
When I returned Steven had left. Our kids went over to Paula and gave her a hug before they 
went into their rooms. Now she had time for me and took me into her arms and said:
- You have behaved well my dear and I am really proud of you.
- Thanks dear but it has been hard to see you with another man and treat me like...
- Shut up, she interrupted me. I never asked what you think, Steven is my lover and he makes 
me happy. I love you dear but Steven is in my heart now and you will have to live with that. 
- Yes dear, I replied quite. 
- Steven will move to our town soon and the question is if should by an apartment of his own 
or if he should move in with us. We have not decided yet, so I invited him to stay with us 
again. He couldn't make next weekend but the weekend after that he will come her. 
- But I am not sure about that. What about our kids, I said.
- Well they are more open minded than us adults and I well tell them about it tonight. You 
will still have to stay in our house and take care of them, clean up the house and so on. Steven 
will be my lover and you will be my sissy husband. 
- Yes dear, I said again.
- And don't call me dear from now on. When we are alone you shall call me mistress and that 
counts when Steven is around too. Otherwise you shall call me Paula, do you understand.
- Yes mistress. 
- And one more thing. Steven insisted that you should stay in our guestroom unless I was so 
horny that I couldn't make on my own, so you better back your things and move out of our 
bedroom. 
I looked into Paula's eyes and I understood that she was serious about this. Slowly I went into 
our bedroom and packed up my things and moved into the guest room. From now on I just 
waited for Steven to arrive, to see what would happen next.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





