BDSM Library - Glory Be




Glory Be
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Committed to her faith, teen-age Jan is determined to do real penance, the way every Catholic girl should.
Jan placed the candle on her dresser and stood over it to measure the height. 
It was perfect.  She could feel her heart pounding as she took a match, struck
it, and lit the candle standing in it's holder.  She could feel her nipples
stiffening.  "Oh God..." she whispered.  This was going to be the night.

Jan caught sight of herself in the mirror, lit by the flame of the candle.  Not
quite yet a woman, the teen was still 'petite' (although it was almost true that
she was becoming statuesque).  She liked her curves, accentuated now by the
feeble light, and she liked her shoulder length hair.  It was soft, brunette and
just shoulder length.

She stared at the flame as if transfixed.  It was time.  The girl remembered the
day, only a few years ago, when she saw a lit cigar tossed carelessly from a car
window, and remembered how she slowly slipped her tiny foot from her shoe to
touch the lit ember.  She recalled how it felt, and how exciting it was to see
her pretty toes touching the glow.  Was that when all this started?

Jan leaned forward, slowly, deliberately and began to recite:
"Glory Be...", her nipple touched the flame.  "...to the Father  AAAHHH!!!"  The
flame was stunningly hot as it kissed her nipple.  Jan forced herself to put it
back there in the flame.
"...and to thesonandtotheHolySpiritOHMYGOD!!!".  She gasped and jerked back
slightly, shaking her head.  "No!" she told herself firmly.  Jan bit her lip,
determined to do her penance this time.  She quickly placed her nipple back in
the flame.
"asitwasinthebeginningOHGOD!HURRY!" it hurt.
"isnowandevershallbeworldWITHOUTENDAMENAAAHHHH!!!"  Jan jerked her right nipple
from the flame.  Her breathing came heavy and her pulse was racing, but Jan
forced herself to examine her nipple.  No damage!  At least, none that she could
see.  Oh God, this was hard, she thought to herself.  The girl tried to remain
calm and prepared to continue her penance.

"Lean forward." she thought,  slowly positioning her left nipple over the
flame...
"Glory be" the flame kissed her nipple.  "to the Father and OHGOD!
totheSonandtotheAAHH!!HOLYSPIRITASITWASINOHMYGOD!!!THEBEGINNINGISNOWANDHURRY!HUR
RY!HURRY!EVERSHALLBEWORLDWITHOUTOHMYGOD!!!!END." "AMEN" she almost shouted as
she threw her head back.  Oh god, her nipple was on fire!  No, it wasn't, she
realized.  She must endure her penance.  Without thinking, Jan immediately
plunged her right nipple again into the flame.  It was so important that she
finish her penance.

"GlorybetotheFatherandtotheSonSLOW-DOWN!" she ordered herself.
"Son and to the Holy Spirit." Jan wanted to scream from the agony.
"As it was... in t-the beginning... is now and" trembling, she forced herself to
hold her nipple to the flame.
"and e-ever shall be, world without end, AMEN!"  "OH GOD!" she whispered, nearly
doubled over in pain.  It was awful.  She just knew that her poor nipple was
burned off.  But it wasn't.

It was getting harder.  Jan placed her hands behind her head and leaned forward,
trembling.  She lowered herself to the flame - her left nipple again.  "Glory Be
t-to the Father, and-and t-to the Son, and to the-the Holy Spirit." Jan
whispered.  "As-as it was in the b-beginning"  she was shaking in pain.  "is-is
now and ever s-shall be, world without end." stammering.
"AMEN" she said aloud.

Nearly crying now, she brought her right nipple to the flame once again. 
"G-glory Be to the F-father," Jan thought of St. Agatha, who was martyred by the
torturing of her nipples and breasts.  "and-and t-to the S-son, and to the
H-holy S-spirit."
Jan was just a girl when she read how Agatha, just a girl herself, smiled as the
hot tongs grasped and twisted her nipples.  "A-as it was - was in the - the
beginning"
"How must it feel to have your nipples squeezed and twisted brutally by
torturers using hot tools like that?" Jan wondered.
"is - is n-now and ever - ever s-shall be"
"How could such a young girl smile when her nipples were tortured?"
"w-world without e-end," the teen stammered through her prayer.
"Amen" she said aloud.  Pain overwhelmed her senses.  Jan wanted to scream in
agony!

Determined to experience every second of her penance, she brought her her left
nipple  to the flame.  It was red and so very, very tender, but eager for it's
turn. Jan vowed to say her prayer as slowly and deliberately as she could. 
"G-glory Be to the Father, and t-to the Son, and to..."
"Jan, is everything alright?"  Came a voice from downstairs.
"Oh, uh yes, mom.  I'm-I'm just saying my prayers!" she answered.
"Ok.  Sleep well."

Jan continued:  "and to the Holy Spirit.  As it was in the beginning" "SLOWLY!"
she ordered herself.  "is... now... and... ever... shall... be...world...
without... end... AMEN!" Pause.  "Amen", she whispered aloud, and Jan slowly
removed her nipple from the kiss of the flame.

The girl wanted to collapse.  Oh God, it burned so much.  Her nipples were long
and aching and felt like they were just ruined, but she could see no damage. 
Could they take more of her penance? - even more punishment?

Jan was determined to do this right, so with an inner strength that she did not
understand, she decided to keep the rest of the promise to God for this evening. 
From the dresser in front of her, Jan plucked a long sewing needle from a
cushion, and placed a thimble on her finger.  With her left hand she soothed and
secured her right nipple, noticing the tiny fleck of blood and the raw skin she
had left.  Jan started the process of pushing the needle straight in - right
into her milk-duct, so that it would go through the nipple deep into her breast. 
She had to push hard, much harder than she thought possible, and it hurt
violently, causing tears to come to her eyes.  But finally, the needle slipped
in, deep into her body until about an inch was left exposed.

It was more difficult for her to pin her left nipple the same way with a long
needle.  Jan prayed through tears as she did so, for the strength to continue
and finish her penance.  She succeeded after several painful minutes in pushing
the needle deep within her.  It was time again, for the flame.

"Oh God, this will hurt."  she knew.  The whole idea was for the flame to burn
her nipple and heat the needle deep within her breast.  The fact that the needle
would also torture the  entire length of her throbbing nipple was just icing on
the cake as far as she was concerned.  Jan took a deep, sighing breath.  It was
time.

She leaned forward once again to wash her nipple in the flame of the candle. 
Starting again with the right nipple, she began "Glory Be to the Father,".  Jan
recited deliberately.  "and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit."  She could feel
the heat burning in her nipple.  She could feel it rising in her breast.  "As it
was in the beginning,"  She was trembing in agony.  "Is - is now, and... and
ever shall b-be,"  she stuttered in a whisper.  "W-world without end.  Amen."
AAAAHHHH!!!! she nearly screamed.  The end of the needle was glowing.  She had
taken her nipple from the flame, but it still burned!  IT STILL BURNED!!!  "Oh
God!" she cried.  "OH GOD!!!"

Jan saw herself in the mirror, as if in the hands of her interrogators, holding
her as the flame was applied to her nipple.  They wanted to know if she would
renounce, and she resolutely said no.  "Let the torture continue", the tortures
said.

Jan stood up, weak and shaking with exhaustion.  Once again she leaned forward
and dipped her left nipple into the flame.  "Glory Be to the Father, and to the
Son (SLOWLY!) and. to. the. Holy Spirit. as. it. was. in. the. beginning. is.
now. and. ever. shall. be. world. without. end. Amen."  "Oh. My. God!!!" "Oh my
God."  "OHMYGOD!" the pain would not stop!  It travelled from her poor nipple
deep within her breast and caused her to want to jump and thrash.  But Jan did
not want to disturb the household.  She had to be quiet!

And yet she was not done.   This was supposed to be five times for each of her
poor nipples to complete her penance, and so far, it was only four.
"Once more for each." she thought in a panic.  How to make this hurt better?  A
longer prayer!

With a glorious resolve, Jan once more lowered her right nipple to the flame. 
"Hail Mary" she whispered aloud. "full of grace, the Lord is with Thee."  The
agony in her nipple was like a piercing scream.  "Blessed are you amonst women
and blessed is the Fruit of thy Womb, Jesus."  The needle glowed red just beyond
the flame burning her.  Could it be glowing red inside her nipple also?  "Holy
Mary, Mother of God,  pray for us sinners, now, and at the hour of our death,
Amen."  The flame filled her sight.  "Amen."  and it filled her being.  "Amen." 
Jan slowly withdrew from the candle, and let the agony wash over her right
breast, emenating from deep inside.

The girl was beyond pain.  She stood, trembling, for a full minute, before she
could calm herself, but then Jan felt an inner peace and strength coming from
deep within her body.  She stood up once again and focused on the flame.  She
would watch it every second this time as she said her prayer, every second that
she held herself to it.  Slowly, she lowered her breast so her nipple would kiss
the flame one last time.  Jan recited slowly: "Hail Mary, full of grace, the
Lord is with thee.  Blessed are you amonst women, and blessed is the fruit of
thy womb, Jesus.  Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and at the
hour of our death. Amen."  No!  It was done?  She didn't want her cleansing to
end!  She was so close.  Jan held her nipple to the flame and continued to pray. 
"Thank you, Lord, for these gifts, which I offer freely."  She shuddered in her
orgasm.

It had been - thrilling.  Spent and exhausted, Jan collapsed into her bed with
her nipples throbbing in agony, the hot needles still embedded in them.  She lay
there thinking how beautiful it looked in the mirror as she did her penance, and
fell deep asleep wondering what other tortured girls looked like.  Did they
smile as they lay tied to the rack, with the expanding pear filling their secret
places?  Did they cry as the red hot iron kissed the tender souls of their feet? 
She slept deeply, dreaming of whips and their kiss between a girl's legs.

Jan's mother entered the darkened room quietly, carefully, (so as to not disturb
her daughter) not long after.  In the candle light she could see the needles
still sticking out from the girl's beautiful nipples, raw, red and still erect
from the burns, and she knew that Jan had completed her penance.  Jan's mother
was so proud, she just wanted to kiss the gorgeous teen!  After all, not once
did she have to force her daughter to submit to the penances given her.  Never
did she fight or resist, and that was such a blessing!  It was important for Jan
to experience these tortures, she knew, if the girl was going to be ready for
her passion and crucifixion next month.  That moment was coming quickly. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





