BDSM Library - Forever in School




Forever in School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Student, Principal, and Janitor team up to have fun with the local teachers and a mom.
Forever in School I

June finished grading the papers as she looked up at the classroom at the clock
on the far end.  She had been there for over two hours working late.  Thank
goodness it was Friday, she thought, getting up and turning off the light before
shutting the door.

Strolling down the hall, she saw a light coming from Mr Martin office, the
school principal, and decided to peek in and see if he was still working.  She
didn't really like the man who always seems to be sizing her up when she went in
to talk about problems in her classroom.  And his secretary acted like she was
just some servant ignoring her when she entered.  Oh well, she didn't have to
live with either of them.

She cracked the door and peeked inside.  An elderly lady was spawned out over
the secretary desk totally nude except for a black mask covering her head.  June
could tell it was Kate the secretary by the marks on her legs, which she had
noticed during previous trips in the office and wondered about.  Mr. Martin was
standing by her side with a ruler in his hand as she watched him strike her tit
with it as she screamed out in agony.  He continued striking her breasts as June
watched Kate squirming on the desk begging to do as he promised.

At first, she thought about running but then a thought of blackmail crossed her
mind.  She could use this to set herself up for life at the school.  Seizing the
moment, she ran back to the classroom and picked up a camera she had stored in
the drawer and returned to the door.

John Martin was now sitting in the secretary chair as Kate was on her knees in
front of him bobbing her masked head up and down on his lap.  June could see his
cock going in and out a small hole in front of the mask and knew she was sucking
his cock for all it was worth.  Her cunt was getting wet as she snapped several
pictures of Kate large ass was wiggling on the floor as she continued to drain
his cock as he sat back moaning in pleasure.  Just when June knew he was about
to cum, she watched him push Kate head away from his lap and demand she crawl
under a table at the side of the room.

June snapped several more pictures of Kate crawling towards the table and
returned her glaze back to Tom.  His cock was one of the largest she had seen in
years and it was sticking straight out at her as she snapped several more shots. 
He walked over behind Kate, getting on his knees, and spread her large ass
globes wide.  June put her hand up under her dress and in her panties looking at
his hairy ass staring at her as she continued snapping.  Her pussy was soaking
wet watching the scene as she started rubbing her cunt hoping he was going to
shove his large cock up Kate big butt.  She didn't have to wait long.

Kate moaned in pain as Tom pushed his cock halfway in her ass with one push. 
June almost came from the sight of it.  Tom slapped her ass several times and
told her to milk his cock.

June started rubbing her cunt harder as she watched Kate push her ass back on
his cock and started rocking back and forth on it.  Tom slapped her ass
demanding she go faster as she tried to rock faster.

June climaxed at the sight, almost dropping the camera on the floor.  She held
on to the door to keep from falling.  She had just started to regain her
composure when she felt something hard hit her backside sending her spawning
into the room flat on the floor of the office.  She heard Tom yell "What the
hell".

Hi dad.  Found this bitch outside your office taking photos of you and thought
you might like to know.

June recognized the voice of Tom daughter Jean who was a senior this year in the
school.  She tried to rise up on her hands and knees only to feel Jean foot
roughly land on her back pushing her flat again on the floor.

Well if it isn't Mrs. Jones or should I now call you June, Tom said rising up
and staring down at the young teacher.  Trying to blackmail your principal was
you.  Thanks Jean.  I'll have to increase your allowance for this.

I wasn't trying........Ohhhhhhhh!

June never got the words out as she felt a hard kick between her legs to her
cunt from Jean standing behind.  The pain in her already swollen cunt lips hurt
as she reached between her legs gripping in it in protection.  The sting was
tremendous.

As she lay in pain, she noticed Tom at her side holding a mask similar to the
one she had noticed Kate wearing earlier.

Help me put this on the cunt Jean, Tom yelled, as she tried to reach up to
prevent the headpiece from going on.

She felt Jean lay on her back gripping her hands from behind as she fought to
shake her head free as the mask descended on her.  Her efforts were futile as
she soon found herself in total darkness with only two small holes to breath
through in front.  She felt a zipper in the area where her mouth was and knew
its purpose.  As she continued to struggle, she felt metal down her back and
knew Tom was cutting her dress off.  Jean weight on her back prevented any
movement as she struggled trying to get any leverage she could.  Finally she
felt the weight off her back as she tried to get up on her hands and knees only
to feel her dress being torn off her body in back.  As she turned around, she
felt a hand between her breasts and her bra snapped off with ease.  She reached
up to cover her breast only to have her panties shoved to her knees.  She tried
to run only to land flat on her belly on the floor tripping on her own panties
as it almost knocked her out with the impact.  Her panties were ripped off her
legs as she laid nude on the floor in totally darkness crying.

Jean why don't you entertain Kate while I teach this bitch her purpose in life,
Tom said, reaching down grabbing a hook in the top of June mask raising her up
to her knees.  She was half dragged across the floor and then felt herself being
lifted over his lap.  She tried to yell out no but the mask muffler her sounds. 
The first swat on her ass caused her to yell out in a sound she couldn't even
recognize and then the next blow landed with the same force.  Tom was giving no
mercy as he continued swatting her ass with the palm of his hand and she wiggled
and screamed with each spank.  Soon she was shaking uncontrollable on his lap in
pain and tears as he finally stopped to her relief.

Are you going to be a good little bitch now, Tom said from above?

Jean shook her head up and down in agreement.  She knew she would do anything
not to have any more spanks on her sore ass.  She wouldn't be able to sit for
weeks as it was.  She continued to nod as she felt herself being shoved off his
lap on the cold floor and yelled in pain as her ass hit the wood.

She reached back grabbing her sore butt as she felt her hood being lifted again
and she was forced back to her knees as she felt the zipper being opened in
front.  She started to beg for mercy but as soon as it was unzipped she felt
something wet on her lips and then his cock being forced inside.  She couldn't
even close her mouth as it moved deeper and deeper, cutting off her air supply
except for the small holes she was forced to breath into.  She felt his cock
start pumping in and out her mouth as she tried to accommodate the large dick
and breathe at the same time.  Her jaws were stretched as wide as they would go.

Suck bitch, she heard him yelled from above pulling her hook back and forth on
his cock as she tried to keep from choking.  She could smell Kate asshole on his
cock but at present could do nothing but suck on the nasty object stuck in her
mouth.   There was laughter from the side of the room, as she couldn't her
plight.

I figured she was a lousy cocksucker, Tom yelled out.  Maybe she likes pussy
better.

Lets find out, Jean said.

June felt Tom cock popped out of her mouth as she started begging to be
released.  A sharp pain on her ass brought her back to reality real fast.

If you don't want this ruler again on your ass, I suggest you get back on your
knees bitch, Jean said.

June sat back on her butt waiting knowing she couldn't see to run as she felt
her mask hook being gripped again and her head pulled forward.  She felt her
lips on the moisture of Jean cunt, already wet from the earlier action with
Kate.  The ruler landed on her back with the command to lick as she pushed her
tongue into the moist lips and started running it up and down her hairy bush. 
Her own cunt was dripping between her legs as she needed to cum herself bad. 
The taste wasn't as bad as she thought it was going to be and she went to work
on Jean cunt in unrest tying to get the girl off.  She started getting more and
more excited by her shameless performance.

Where is that cunt of a teacher you have, Tom asked.

I left her in the classroom, Jean replied.  I plugged her ass with her buttplug
and made her write on the blackboard 100 times why her ass should be plugged. 
When she's done, she has to sit in one of the desk till I return.  Should be
ripe by then.

June gasped at the thought of Mrs Sanders being dominated like herself while she
continued to lap at Jean cunt.  The teacher use to be a real fireball but the
last two or three months she stayed to herself a lot.  Had a great looking body
for an lady in her late forties too, June thought.  Now I know why she doesn't
talk to anyone anymore.  She felt Jean cum on her tongue but kept lapping on her
pussy as the fire in her own cunt was driving her crazy.

Kate cunt, get your ass up and go take care of Janitor Pete, Tom yelled again. 
Tell him he'll have to watch the schoolhouse later tonight so he can use you
longer if he wants as his reward.

Yes master, June heard Kate replied and then the hurrying of her feet out the
room.  Tom must have took her mask off, June thought.  She almost climax at the
thought of Kate on her knees sucking the black janitor Pete cock.  She was still
lapping and daydreaming when a hand hit her butt from behind.

Get your butt up cunt, Tom yelled.  Let's go see how my daughter cunt is getting
along.

Jean felt something being hooked to the back of her hood and then felt a tug in
back and knew they must have attached a chain or lease.  She was pushed back to
the floor.

Crawl bitch, Tom said pulling on her leash as she tried to keep up with him
without landing flat on her belly.  She must have crawl for what seemed like an
hour before they finally entered another room.  Her knees ached from the pain of
the hardwood floor.  She heard a gasp as they entered and assumed it must have
been Joyce Sanders, Jean teacher, from the other end.

Did you complete your assignment young girl, Jean said.

Yes mam, this bad little girl had completed her assignment as you told her,
Joyce replied in a small child voice.

We must get you a bigger desk, Jean laughed.  You look all cramped up there. 
Surely you ass must be sore from being plugged and stuffed in that small desk.

Yes mam, my asshole is very sore.  Please let me get up, Miss Jean.  I will be
better next time.

Maybe, Jean replied.  Lean over the front of the desk and pushed your ass back
through the back so I can paddle your bad little hindy.  Ask master to shove his
lovely cock in your face to keep you quiet.  We wouldn't want to make a noise
would we?

June felt her leash being tied tightly to the door as she was stuck again the
side of it and couldn't move.

Please master, stuffed my nasty mouth with your beautiful cock, Joyce called
out.

June heard Tom footsteps moving away and then heard the slurping sounds that she
knew was coming from Joyce sucking on his cock.  She wished it was back in her
mouth at present as she laid there immobilized or better yet in her cunt.  She
heard a loud whack and knew Jean had started swatting Joyce ass with the same
ruler she had used on hers earlier.  Joyce was groaning and slurping in earnest
and the sounds of her ass being whacked could be heard clearly from where Jean
was tied.  Finally the swats stopped and she heard Joyce voice crying for mercy.

Footsteps were coming her way, as she hoped Tom had returned to fuck her.  She
was disappointed however, when she felt her leash being untied and then pulled. 
She crawled till they arrived at one of the desk nearby and she was helped by
Tom and Jean into it with much difficulty.  The desk was so small her legs were
pinned underneath.  Her hands were pulled behind her and then tied to the back
of the desk.  Her mask was unzipped in back and taken off as she slowly tried to
readjust to the light in the room.  Tom was standing straight in front of her as
she focus on his cock sticking out.  She glanced to the side and saw Joyce
sitting on a nearby desk still crying from the spanking she had received.  June
could see her ass cheeks on the side were still red.  She could see Tom edging
forward with his cock as she opened her mouth eagerly to allow it entrance.

Master, Master Pete said to come tell you that kid Paul had arrived with his
guests.  June knew some the voice it was Kate who had entered the room; however,
she couldn't see behind Tom.

Tell him to bring them in, Tom said.  I'm sure our bitches here would be pleased
to see them.

Who's Paul, Jean asked from across the room?

Tom slid his tip of his cock in June mouth as she eagerly started trying to get
it inside.  You reminder that mother during the PTA meeting that kept giving me
all that trouble?

Yeah, you said one day you was going to shove your cock up her ass.  Why?

Well I had a PI dig up the dirt on her and guess what.  She had a lot of it.  So
I got Paul Jennings to use it on them and train them for me.  You reminder Paul
don't you cunt, Tom said to Joyce from aside.  You had him suspended for over
two weeks.  I found out he was good for a lot of things and now he works for me.

June heart sank at the thought of Paul coming over.  She also had trouble with
the kid and had threatened him with suspension herself.  She continued to suck
on Tom cock knowing her plight if Paul came in.

Well anyway, Tom continued.  Paul has trained them for over two weeks now and is
bringing them in tonight to join our activities.  I figured you could have Miss
beauty queen Linda for yourself while I enjoy that slut of a mother of hers.

I remember her, Jean said.  Boy it's going to be so nice to shove her face in
one of the school toilet.  She always stuck up her nose at me and the others
thinking she was too good for us.  Shut up cunt and stop your whining, Jean
said, as June could hear Joyce pleading with her not to let Paul in.  It's your
own fault and now you have to pay the piper.

June heard a voice at the door.

Left the sluts in your office boss.  Wow is that Mrs. Sanders big butt over
there.  And Mrs. Peters sucking cock.  This is going to be a great night.

June felt Tom cock slipped out of her mouth as she tried to keep it in.

Thought you might enjoy them for a while, Tom replied, come on Jean let's go see
the sluts.

June looked up at Paul grinning face as they passed.  He was undoing the belt
around his pants as she watched in fear.  Joyce was telling him she was sorry
for everything she done as he started walking towards her with the belt in his
hand.  June saw Joyce get up clumsy out of the desk and start running down the
row.  The butt plug flew out of her ass as she ran with Paul chasing behind.  He
caught her at the end of the row and grabbed her ear pulling her back up towards
the front of the room.  She pleaded with him for mercy as she followed his ear
pulling up to the desk ass wiggling in back.  June felt sorry for what she knew
was going to happen but at the same time she was glad it wasn't her.  Her hands
were tied and she couldn't get up.  She watched Paul bend her over the desk
counter and started swatting her already redden ass with the belt.  She was
screaming and begging as he continued to pound her sore ass.  Finally he quit to
June relief also and lowered his trousers to the floor and then off his feet.

Get on your knees bitch and eat my ass, he yelled at her.

June watched Joyce tearful face as she immediately got down behind him and
started rimming his asshole in back.  His cock was pointed straight out at her
and he was grinning from ear to ear.  Her cunt was dripping on the desk seat
anticipating having him shove it up her mouth and cunt.  He started walking over
to her with Joyce crawling on her knees behind him with her face still buried in
his ass.  When he was close enough to her, June could smell the scent of his sex
as she eagerly awaited the inevitable.

Do you want to suck my cock whore, he asked her?

Please master, she replied.  Fuck my mouth and cunt.  Use this whore.

Paul grinned stroking his cock only inches from her face.  He straddled the
sides of the desk and placed his cock behind her huge tits.  June could hear
Joyce still slurping his ass in back.

Masturbate my cock with your tits cunt.  You'll better be good or I'll use the
belt on your ass next.

June started rubbing her tits as fast as she could on Paul long cock between
them.  She wanted no part of the belting Joyce had received earlier.  Her cunt
was on fire and at present she didn't care if he pitched her on the floor and
used any hole he wanted.  He teased her as she stroked calling her all kinds of
names.  Finally he pulled out leaving her exhausted and disappointed.

You're such a pig, Paul said, smirking at her.  I'll get to you later.  Maybe
you can reach your tits with your mouth and get a taste.

He pushed Joyce face from between his ass crack.  Crawl under the teacher desk
bitch.  Time you gave me a blowjob in the position you belong.

June looked on disappointed as she watched Joyce crawl quickly under the large
desk and then Paul sitting in the chair and moving it forward.  She could tell
by his facial expression that Joyce must be doing a job on his cock.  It wasn't
long before he finally came demanding she swallow every drop.  He then turned
back and looked at June still sitting in the desk seat trying to rub her thighs
together to get some fiction on her cunt.

You want a piece of my cock cunt, he called.

Yes master fuck my mouth, my cunt, anything.  Just fuck me please, June begged.

Paul got up from the chair and walked over in back of her.  She felt him loosen
the ropes but not completely.  It was just enough to loosen her from the desk so
she could get up.  When she was standing, he walked her behind the desk and
pushed her shoulders down till she was on her knees behind it.  The opening of
the desk was in view and June could see the large wet spot she had left on it.

Get your face in that hole and clean your mess, Paul demanded pushing her
forward.

June head barely was able to get in but with Paul help she was finally able to
get in the opening.  She stuck out her tongue and started lapping the wooden
seat as he probed her ass in back.  It felt so good as he squeezed her huge
globes and then stuck a finger in her asshole.  She almost came with the probe. 
When he withdrew it, she pushed back trying to keep it there.   She didn't think
long however, as she felt his cock at it's entrance.

Nooooooo.  Please.  You're too big, she yelled.

Paul drove his cock forward in her ass as she yelled from the initial pain of
entry.  She felt like her asshole was being ripped in half but the kid knew his
stuff letting it stay for a while till she finally got used to it.  Slowly, he
started moving it in and out slightly as the pain shifted to pleasure and June
found herself pushing back and forth on it as much as he was.  She never thought
she could come with a cock up her ass but she was closing in fast on it.  She
felt him shoot his wade in her ass and she came immediately afterwards from the
warm feeling.  As he withdrew, she laid her head on the desk seat relaxing in
the after glory of her climax and hoping he would shove it in her cunt next.

Paul was laughing at her.

Don't have to train you to be a whore, he said, you're already one.  He gave her
a quick slap on the ass in back.  Pull your head out and get on all fours bitch,
he demanded.

June quickly obeyed anxious to get him excited again so he would fuck her.

Calling Joyce over, he made both of them stand up.  June still had her hands
tied in back.  He untied June hands in back and warned her what would happen if
she tried to make an escape which she had no intention of at present.  Then he
made the two teachers stand side by side and put their finger in each other
asshole.

Walk around the room like that till I tell each of you to stop.  Each time your
finger comes out of the other's ass, you'll get 5 smacks with my belt, he said.

Both teachers started waddling around the room trying to keep their finger in
the other asshole.  This butt cheeks were so large, it was difficult as it kept
coming out and they had to drive it back in at the other's discomfort.  By the
time they, Paul told them they could stop, each had earned over 20 swats, which
Paul told them would be applied later.  He then demanded they get on all fours
and follow him as he started walking out the room.  They crawled down the hall
passed the principal office as June peaked through as they passed by.  June
could see the mother on her back on the floor with her legs raised high above
her head.  Tom was standing above her and his cock was in her asshole.  He was
squatting up and down on her driving his cock deep in and out her asshole.  She
wanted to see more but hastened to catch up with Paul knowing what was in store
if she failed to obey.

They came to the boy's toilet and shower room as Paul opened the door and made
them crawl in.  They heard crying from the stalls as Paul told Jean he was sorry
he disturbed her.  He said he didn't know she would be there and wouldn't be
long.  June could see the pretty pageant queen ass in front of the toilet as she
was on her knees with her head down in the bowl.  Jean was sitting on top of her
head but not hard enough to choke her air supply.  She was striking her ass with
a hairbrush and it was fairly red.

Paul made the teacher crawl into a shower stall and get on their knees side by
side.  He held his cock out as both teachers opened their mouths thinking they
were going to suck his cock again.  They were surprise when he started pissing
on them as they closed their eyes as his warm fluid shot all over their bodies. 
He then threw the soap on the floor, demanding they clean up.  June and Joyce
both started rubbing their tits with the soap as they felt the cold water being
turned on them.  The cold water was freezing as they quickly rinse off begging
Paul to let them out.   He finally agreed they were clean enough and told them
to follow him again.  When they passed Jean again, June noticed the girl was
lapping Jean cunt on the toilet and by the expression on her face, must have
been doing a fairly good job of it.  Their bodies were shivering but they kept
crawling.  They slowly entered the school basketball gym.

What have we here, June heard a deep voice as they entered.

Hi Pete, Paul said.  The others will be joining us later.  Thought I'll come
down early.

June could see Pete the janitor.  He was a large black man totally naked with
the biggest cock she had ever seen.  She started at it wishing he would come
over and plow her cunt with it.  Her lips widen at the thought.

I see you have that bitch secretary doing something she's good at, Paul said.

June had forgotten about Kate and looked out over the court.  Kate was in the
middle of it walking slowly with a basketball between her legs.  She was
gripping it as tight as she could and trying to walk at the same time.  Her ass
had marks all across the back and June knew she had been beaten pretty well.

Worthless bitch, Pete said.  Almost bite my cock off.  I told her every time she
drops that ball I was going to strike her ass with my jock strap.  As you can
see, she can't even do that right.  Why don't you go out there and pinch her ass
while she walks.  Maybe she'll drop it again and you can whip her butt.  Right
now I'm just itching to test the new slut mouth.  The other bitch ain't good for
nothing but licking my ass.

Paul laughed and started back out on the floor as Kate pleaded with him for
mercy. 

Come her old fart and put your face where it belongs, Pete yelled at Joyce as
she whimpered crawling forth and getting behind the big man.  June looked on
with flight.  His cock was so large she didn't know if she could get the whole
thing in her mouth or not.  At least it was better than licking his ass she
thought when he demanded she crawl forward and suck his dick.  She tried to ease
it in her mouth working her tongue on the end first but Pete roughly grabbed her
hair and started shoving it in.  She gasped in horror as the thing was forced
down her throat almost throwing up.  Gasping for air, he backed up giving her
room to breathe before ramming it back in.  She felt herself choking but each
time she would start, he would back it up again.  It was more than she thought
could ever fit in her mouth as her jaws were totally sore all over from being
widen that much.  She couldn�t believe how low she had sunk in life.

She sucked and sucked.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





