BDSM Library - Teacher Dear




Teacher Dear
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A black girl student gets blackmail information on her teacher and uses it to dominate her.
Teacher Dear I

Kate just wanted to walk over and slap that smile off the young black girl face. 
She was always disrupting her class due to her popularity with the other boys
and girls.  Her skirt was always too short and Kate couldn't help but see her
pussy hairs when her legs were spread wide since she was always in front. 
During dinner, she had told her that she was going to be suspended for a week
for her outfit and still she sit in class talking like nothing was brothering
her.  What a cunt she thought.

Finally class ended as Kate watched the students depart and sat down at here
desk to grade the assignments before she went home.  She glanced up and saw Jade
was still sitting there with her legs still wide.

Young lady, I don't expect to see you for another week so I suggest you go home
and tell your folks why you have been suspended, she told her blankly with a
smile on her face.

I don't think so, Jade reply.  I received some interesting news on the Internet
quite a while back, the girl continued.  It seems your ex-husband was a robber
and you were suspected in several counts yourself but not convicted.  I wonder
how the principal would welcome that news.

Kate sat stunned at her words.  That was when she was in her early twenties and
well in her past.  How did she find out about it?

I wonder, the girl continued, if they would fire you and properly kick your butt
right out of town.  Don't you think so?

What do you want to keep quite, Kate asked still stunned?

I want you to be my bitch whenever I want you, the girl retorted with a smile on
her face.  She knew she had the upper hand on the older woman.  Surely you have
had sex with a woman before being such a prune as you are.

Kate remembered the times when she had but never with a young black lady.  This
girl was blackmailing her and she didn't know what she could do about it.  This
was the only job she could find in four towns and she was heavily in debt as it
was.  She was awakened by the tone of the girl voice.

You will do whatever I want when I want and even beg to do it.  Beg to be my
bitch now or I'm leaving and going to the principal office.

Kate sat back in her chair looking at the girl.  She was very attractive but to
give her power over her being.  She didn't have much choice; however, as she
weigh all her choices.  Maybe she would tire of her and go on with her life and
let her be.

Please make me your bitch, she whispered.

Louder bitch, Jade announced.

Please mistress, make this white whore your bitch.

Better.  Lock the door and come stand before me bitch, Jade yelled at her.

Kate got up and walked to the door locking it.  She strode back over and stood
in front of the girl like she was on display.

Not too bad a figure for an old white hag, Jade responded.  Strip bitch.

Kate slowly raised the dress over her shoulders and laid it on the desk.  Next
she removed her shoes and at Jade command next the bra.  Her tits popped out and
swayed down in front.

Sagging boobs but we can work on that, Jade looked on.  Drop the panties bitch.

Kate slowly lowered her panties and stood back in front trying to avoid the girl
looking her body over.

Get on your knees in front of my desk and put those saggy tits of your on my
desk, the girl commanded.

Kate walked to the desk and dropped to her knees laying her large breasts down
on the desktop.  She felt the girl ankle slide between her legs and rest on her
cunt.

Hump my foot bitch.  I want to watch you get wet. 

She reached down grabbing Kate tits between her thumb and forefinger and
squeezed the tender nipples as Kate whined in pain.

Start humping bitch.  Get yourself wet for you mistress.

Kate started to rub her cunt on the girl ankle while she continued to maul her
large nipples.  Despite the pain, she found herself getting excited by the
fiction on her cunt and started humping faster.

That's it bitch.  Get your hot sloppy cunt wet for mistress.  You worthless
bitch.

Her talk was turning her on as much as the fiction in her cunt.  She ignored the
pain of her nipples concentrating on getting off as fast as she could.  She was
very close to cumming when Jade released her nipples and slapped her face waking
her up.

You are not allowed to cum without permission bitch.  Get under the desk and
lick my cunt.  I'm going to cum all over that white face of yours.

Kate backed up slightly and put her head underneath the desk as Jade spread her
legs wide for her.  She pulled her panties to the side of her cunt and started
lapping her small cunt on the clit and then working her way inside her wet cunt. 
She could hear the girl moaning form above and reached down to rub her own cunt
as she was close to cumming herself when she heard the girl yelled at her not to
touch it or her ass would pay dearly later.  Disappointed, she continued to lick
the girl as she came on her face rubbing her cunt all over her nose and mouth
areas.

Not bad for an old bitch, Jade told her, pushing her head back from her cunt. 
Now go bend over your desk.  You are going to be punished for getting me
suspended for a week.

Kate backed up slightly and put her head underneath the desk as Jade spread her
legs wide for her.  She pulled her panties to the side of her cunt and started
lapping her small cunt on the clit and then working her way inside her wet cunt. 
She could hear the girl moaning form above and reached down to rub her own cunt
as she was close to cumming herself when she heard the girl yelled at her not to
touch it or her ass would pay dearly later.  Disappointed, she continued to lick
the girl as she came on her face rubbing her cunt all over her nose and mouth
areas.

Not bad for an old bitch, Jade told her, pushing her head back from her cunt. 
Now go bend over your desk.  You are going to be punished for getting me
suspended for a week.

Kate slowly got up and walked back to her wooden desk and bent over with her
large ass exposed to whatever the young girl wished to do with it.  She could
feel her own wetness down her thighs as she tried to clench them closer together
to give some relief to her cunt.  She watched as Jade walked over to the
blackboard and picked up the long pointer she normally used for her classes and
then disappeared behind her back.  She was still waiting as she felt the pointer
strike her ass sharply and then the stink of pain in her rump.  She jumped up
from the pain but then lowered herself back down as the second descended.  It
was harder than the first and she had to reach back to protect her ass as the
pointer fell again on her ass and hand both and she screamed in pain.

Stick that hand back there again and I'll break your fingers with this pointer,
Jade sharply told her.  Now remain still and push that big ass of yours back.

She just got positioned when the pointer struck again and she yelled in pain. 
She pleaded with Jade not to hit so hard but the next was even harder.  Tears
flowed in her eyes as she started begging her mistress for mercy and promising
to do everything she asked.  When she felt she couldn't take anymore and was
going to pass out, Jade finally stopped.  She knew she wouldn't be able to sit
for a week as she lay still over the desk crying like a baby.  She was still
crying when she felt the pointer at the entrance of her asshole and before she
could respond being worked inside.

Nooooo.  Please mistress she begged as it went in a good six or eight inch
before she stopped.

Hold that in your ass bitch, Jade commanded.

She walked around the desk and stood before Kate.  Raising her dress, she
started masturbating her cunt before her.

When I cum, we're going to your apartment and finish our game.  Isn't that nice
bitch, she said rubbing her cunt faster as Kate watched on.

Yes mistress, Kate replied looking at the snatch only a foot from her face
wishing her mouth could reach it. 

Does my bitch want to eat me again?

Yes mistress, Kate replied, please let me eat your cunt.

Later, laughed Jade, lowering her dress.  Stand up and walk around the room for
me bitch so I can see that tail of yours wiggle.

Kate slowly stood up beside the desk and turned around.  She started walking
across the room aware that the pointer in her asshole was swinging wildly from
side to side as she moved.    Somehow she was getting excited from it as she
tried to swag her butt farther to the side with each step.  She heard Jade
laughing at her and knew she must have been a sight walking like this but she
didn't care.  Her pussy was dripping on the floor as she walked.  As she turned
around and started back, she noticed Jade hanging her panties on the blackboard.

Just a gift for the janitor, Jade said, you won't need them anymore.  Come here
and let me take your plug out of your butt.  I'm just dying to see your
apartment.

Kate continued walking till she arrived at Jade side and then bent over as she
removed the pointer from her ass and put it back on the board stand.

Put your dress on, Jade commanded, but leave the bra in your desk drawer.

Kate picked up the bra and put it in her drawer and then pulled her dress back
over her head.  She put her shoes on and waited for her mistress command.

Let's go bitch, Jade commanded, grabbing her ass cheek as they departed the
room.  She goosed her ass all the way down the hall and Kate was very thankful
it was empty for the day.  Outside, she heard other voices but didn't see anyone
as she opened the door so Jade could get in and then got in herself.  They drove
all the way without any comment or demand from Jade till they arrived.

Open my door bitch, Jade commanded.

Mrs. Johnson, one of her neighbor was sitting on a chair a couple of apartments
down and watched as Kate opened the door and the young black girl stepped out. 
Kate tried to ignore the woman next door but when they got to the apartment
door, Jade lifted her dress in back exposing her ass as they went in.  Kate was
totally embarrassed and knew she couldn't face the lady again as she hurried
inside.

She waited in the living room as Jade walked around the apartment looking at
each room.  Finally, she came back and took a seat on her sofa.

Remove the dress bitch, she demanded.  I think I'm going to enjoy coming over
here to visit you.  After you undress, prepared me a drink and get your butt
back in here.  Hurry bitch.

Kate removed the dress again and went quickly in the kitchen.  She had some left
over vodka, which she mixed with soda and returned to find Jade naked on the
sofa with her feet on the coffee table.  She gave her the drink and then stood
up awaiting her next command.

Lick my tired feet, Jade commanded. 

Kate dropped to her knees and immediately started wagging her tongue over the
young girl feet licking the bottoms and between the toes as she had her drink. 
She kept eyeing her glistering cunt only a few feet away wishing she would
command her to tongue it next.

Jade was in no hurry as she laid back enjoying the drink and relaxing with the
elderly white woman worshipping her feet below.

Jade continued her drink while moving her toes in Kate face down below.  She
wanted to humiliate the white teacher as much as she could and she was going to
take her time doing it.

Put all my toes in your mouth bitch, she yelled down jamming her foot in Kate
mouth as she tried to widen her lips as far as she could to accommodate her
foot.  Her face looked stuff as she held all five toes in her mouth.  Jade
started stroking her cunt as she just sat on her knees with her mouth full. 
Finally, she pulled her foot out as Kate gasped for breath.

I going to whip your white ass so hard tonight you want be able to sit in class
for a week bitch, Jade told her.  She rose from the couch and grabbing Kate by
the hair forced her on all fours on the carpet.  Jumping on her back, she
started slapping her huge ass in back telling her to crawl and oink like the pig
she was.

Kate crawled as fast as she could oinking as the slaps poured down on her ass. 
The girl was going to kill her she thought as she desperately kept crawling
trying to please her.  Finally, she collapse on the floor in exhaustion as Jade
dismounted and slap her ass one last time as hard as she could.

Your not much fun bitch.  Get on your back.

Kate rolled over as Jade stepped astride her face and lowered her smaller black
ass down on her face.

Now get your tongue in my ass bitch.  At least that's good for something.

Kate started rimming the girl asshole realizing how depraved she must look.  She
no longer had any fight in her except to please her mistress anyway she wanted. 
She worked her tongue as deep as she could in her ass hole and wedged it around
inside.  She could feel the moisture of Jade cunt rolling down her chin as she
lapped her ass.  She finally came getting off her face leaving her on the floor
exhausted.  She went in the bathroom, as Kate remained dormant on the carpet.

Get your ass in here now, she heard from the bathroom.

Crawling forward, she saw Jade on the toilet seat cover.

I don't want to waste your toilet paper.  Clean my cunt with your tongue bitch.

Ignoring her pride, Kate crawled forward burying her face in her cunt licking
the piss sprayed all over it.

Good little bitch, Jade teased her from above.  Clean my cunt.

She continued rubbing Kate face in her snatch till she was satisfied.

Prepare my bath and my bed she demanded.  I'm going to stay overnight with my
bitch.

Kate quickly got up preparing a warm bath for her mistress as Jade got in and
lay back enjoying the warmth.  She then hurried to prepare the bed and returned
to dry off her mistress.  When done, Jade led her to the bedroom goosing her ass
cheek in her open palm.

Tonight you may sleep under the cover, she told Kate.  If I pinch your ass, I
expect your tongue in my ass or cunt without question.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





