BDSM Library - Anna's Date




Anna's Date
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In a future where women are required to be subservient and wear chastity belts, Anna is sent out on a date with a friend of her father's.






Anna arrived at the restaurant half an hour early. Once before she had arrived for a date only fifteen minutes early, and had been belt-shocked as a punishment. Receiving electric shocks via a butt plug was an unpleasant experience that she avoided whenever possible.



She wore a sexy black dress, which in another time might be considered ludicrously short, but was fairly typical length for attractive young women these days. No underwear, of course, except for the chastity belt that was her constant companion.



She smiled sweetly and sat down opposite her date. He was a tall, reasonably attractive man called Paul. Paul worked with Anna's father, and as part of some favour's reward or negotiation, her father had given Paul permission to take Anna out to dinner. Paul had her keys, of course, borrowed from her father.



"You look uncomfortable," Paul remarked.



Anna shifted her position on her chair. "It's my, you know ..."



Paul nodded. Nice girls didn't discuss their belts and butt plugs in public.



Paul ordered drinks for him and her. Re her drink, he asked the waiter, "Could you put some amative in that please?" The waiter smiled knowingly. Anna repressed a shudder. Lust-enhancing drugs were commonly given to women on dates, whether they liked it or not.



Paul studied the menu. When the drinks arrived, Paul said, "Drink that up, and we'll get you another one." Anna obediently knocked back the drink. Paul sipped his wine. "I'll have the lamb," he told the waiter.



When his food arrived, he cut a small piece off and put it on the table in front of Anna. Anna hadn't eaten for some time, and eagerly ate it. He gave her a few more scraps throughout his meal, and Anna was grateful for the food. She finished her second drink, and said shyly, "Can I use the bathroom please?"



Paul nodded. "Hands," he said. Anna stood up and held her hands behind her back. Paul pressed a control on Anna's key-set, and her iron bracelets locked together, handcuffing her. Then he pressed the button that released Anna's chastity belt. She felt the huge plug automatically deflating inside her arse, feeling the strange absence of the pressure she was used to. Then the belt clicked, and she pulled it down, feeling the shrunken plug sliding from her anus. With difficulty, she picked up the belt and left it on the table, then turned to go to the bathroom.



"Hang on," Paul said. "I need to go too."



Anna nodded resignedly, wishing he could have decided this before she was handcuffed. But she would just have to do her best. She knelt down and crawled under the table. Paul obligingly unzipped his trousers and pulled out his cock. She leaned forwards and carefully took him into her mouth. Some men liked to be licked or caressed during urination, but some didn't, so she remained passive. She felt his hands on top of her head; then he started to piss. She held his cock on her tongue and let the urine flow into her mouth. Her lips were sealed around his dick to prevent leakage, and she swallowed quickly and many times to keep up with the flow.



Finally he finished. He released her head, and she stood up. "Thank you," she said. "May I go to the bathroom now?"



Paul nodded.



By the time Anna had reached the toilets, the aphrodisiac she had taken was really starting to have its effect. Her pussy felt hot, and throbbed. That, of course, was why she always had to have her hands cuffed behind her back when her belt was off. She had heard stories of women managing to bring themselves off even with their hands thus cuffed, but she knew she didn't have time to experiment. Taking too long would prompt Paul to punish her.



She hoisted up the skirt of her dress with difficulty, and sat down on the toilet, leaning forwards to make room for her hands. She felt nozzle protruding from the toilet, and shifted her position until it was poking her arsehole. The toilet activated itself, and the nozzle extended upwards into her arse. When it was at full extension, it expanded to plug her anus, and started spraying water into her bowels. While her rectum filled, Anna relieved her bladder. A minute later, the enema was fully received. At that moment, she felt a sharp electrical shock through her nipple clamps - Paul was getting impatient. Her body tensed in pain, and her anus involuntarily clamped around the enema plug. "Ow!" she exclaimed quietly. With a "pop", the plug retracted and her bottom's contents emptied themselves into the toilet. After jets of water ensured she was clean, she shook herself dry, stood up, and dropped her dress back down. Then she went back into the restaurant. She was shocked again on the way. She bit her lip and hurried back to the table.



Anna's chastity belt was waiting on the table for her. The butt plug stood prominently from it. As was usual practice, Anna bent down to suck the butt plug, to clean it and lubricate it for re-insertion. With experience, she opened her throat and took the whole plug into her mouth. When it was coated with saliva, she removed her mouth and looked to Paul for assistance. Paul held out the belt and Anna stepped into it. It was lifted up until the plug met her arse. She relaxed her sphincter and let the belt be clicked back into place. The plug expanded, filling her arse.



Paul stood up, ready to go. Anna demurely followed him outside and into a taxi. They sat in the back seat. Paul took out his cock and pulled Anna's head towards his lap. Anna eagerly complied. Her whole body was hot with arousal, and she desperately wanted a cock inside her. Inside her mouth was better than nothing. She took his dick immediately into her throat until her lips were pressed against his groin. She felt his hand take hold of her hair and start to move her up and down. She relaxed her neck and let him fuck himself with her head, while she concentrated on sucking, and caressing his member with her tongue. Soon he gasped and clutched her head against his lap. Cum pulsed down her throat into her stomach. She licked Paul's cock clean and sat up, hornier than ever.



They reached Paul's apartment and she followed him up to his room. Paul uncuffed her hands, then sprawled out on his bed, and left Anna standing awkwardly next to it. "What would you like to do now?" Paul asked.



Anna's body was aching with drug-induced arousal. She took off her dress, leaving her wearing only her chastity belt and nipple clamps. She caressed her breasts, partly driven by her own excitement, and partly in the hope of turning Paul on. Paul watched with moderate interest. Then he took off his clothes, and pulled Anna onto the bed with him. Anna's body felt hot under his touch. Paul turned over to lie face down. "Lick me," he said.



Anna hoped that if she turned him on, he might actually fuck her, and she felt like she would do anything for that chance. She crouched over him and started licking his ass. She pulled apart his buttocks with her hands, and probed his arsehole with her tongue. Her efforts were soon rewarded when Paul turned over, displaying his engorged cock.



He re-cuffed her hands behind her back and removed her chastity belt. At his instruction, Anna eagerly bent forwards over the bed. Paul stood behind her and stroked his hands between her legs. Her pussy was dripping juice down her thighs, and she moaned as he touched her. Then his juice-coated hand moved to her arse and spread the fluid around, lubricating it. So it's anal, Anna thought, glad to be expecting any kind of penetration.



There had been a fashion once upon a time to use butt plugs to stretch girls' arseholes. Latterly most men preferred them to be tight. That was why modern belts' butt plugs only expanded once past the sphincter. Anna felt herself being stretched open around Paul's thick cock. "Ahh," she sighed as his dick slid into her rear entrance. He started pumping his cock in her arse, jolting her whole body with each thrust. He reached under her and took hold of her nipple clamps, then tugged them, stretching out her nipples in time with his fucking. Anna wished her hands were free so she could rub her clit and bring herself off, but soon she found she was reaching the point where she would orgasm even without direct stimulation. There was a patch of wetness on the bed under her pussy.



She gasped, "Yes - yes" as she felt her climax building. This apparently clued Paul that she was about to come, and he decided not to be so generous. He pulled out of her ass, took hold of her and deftly flipped her over onto her back. He kneeled over her face and pumped his cock in his hand. Cum spurted out over Anna's face. She opened her mouth, and a couple of jets landed there, which she swallowed eagerly. The rest splattered against her eyes, and in her hair.



She was in pain from how close to orgasm she was. "Please - please" she begged.



"What do you want me to do?" Paul asked, smiling.



"Anything!"



Paul reached over to beside the bed, and pulled the leather belt out of his trousers. Anna was momentarily scared, but knew she had to have something to bring her over the edge.



He pulled her legs wide apart. "Lie still," he told her.



He raised the belt, and brought it down on Anna's pussy. It made a "crack" with a hint of "squish", and pussy juice splashed away from the impact. Anna screamed. Then, gasping, she said "More!"



Paul whipped Anna's engorged pussy with the belt. The pain was indescribable, but with each stroke Anna felt herself getting closer to orgasm. She hadn't been allowed to have an orgasm in years, and was willing to go through anything for the chance to get one. She found that despite the pain, her hips were thrusting upwards to meet each impact. Paul tired of whipping her cunt, and varied it by thrashing her breasts. Anna was on the brink of orgasm, and burning with desire as Paul whipped her tits, and slapped her face with his hand. Then finally he returned to her pussy, and with agonising pleasure, she came. Fluid gushed from her twat, and she felt heat throughout her body, punctuated by the vicious blows on her pussy. Then she moaned, and collapsed back onto the bed.



Paul's cock had grown erect again. He flipped her back over onto her front, and buried his tool in her arse. Anna braced herself for more fucking, but it didn't happen. Instead, she felt a growing warmth in her ass. Paul was pissing straight into her rectum. Anna held herself still and let it happen, feeling herself filling with urine. Then Paul pulled out. "Hold it in," he instructed her. She clenched her arsehole shut. Paul retrieved her chastity belt and held it out. Anna stepped into it, and the butt plug slid into her anus, sealing the piss inside. The belt was locked in place.



"Good," said Paul. "You can go now."



Anna didn't relish walking home with cum on her face and an arse full of piss. Her pussy was now agonisingly sore, and her whole body ached from the whipping. But she concentrated on the memory of her pain-filled orgasm, and thought that it was all worthwhile.









Anna woke up sweating with her belly cramping painfully. Her bowels were full oflast night's date's piss, and her butt plug was pulsing out jolts of electricityto wake her up. Additionally, her pussy and breasts were burning, sore frombeing whipped last night. She struggled to her feet and into her clothes. Thesooner she finished her morning duties, the sooner she might be allowed to usethe toilet. She wore a plain white dress, low cut on the chest and high in theskirt. Under that, of course, were her chastity belt and nipple clamps. Shehurried to the kitchen and started on breakfast. Toast and coffee for herfather, and bacon and eggs for her brother, Alex. She almost dropped thecoffee pot when another jolt of electricity shot into her rectum. Hurry, hurry,hurry. She put her father's breakfast on a tray and walked to his bedroom.



She knocked on his door. Usually he called her in at once, but today she was kept waiting. After twenty minutes, still receiving regular jolts of electricity, she risked pushing the door open. The room was unoccupied.



More anxious than annoyed, Anna hurried back to the kitchen. She took her brother's breakfast to his room and he called her in at once.



Alex was waiting for her, sitting up in bed. "Come on, toilet breath," he said. "I've got things to do today."



She nodded and put the tray on a table by his bed. "Where is Father?" she asked.



"Out," he replied, surveying his breakfast.



Nervously, she asked. "Do you have my keys?" She was afraid of what it would mean for the day if he said yes, but was in a lot of discomfort. If they weren't deactivated using her keys, the wake-up jolts would go on for a whole hour.



"No," he said bitterly. "Still, I'm sure we can still have some fun."



Anna hesitated a second. Alex quickly leaned forward and slapped her hard across the face. "Don't think you can be a little bitch just because Dad's not here. I'm having breakfast; what should you be doing?"



Anna nodded apologetically. While he drank his coffee, she lifted up his covers and crawled under. She carefully bent over and took his cock into her mouth. A few secondslater, he started to piss. Alex's piss was pungent and strong-tasting, andsprayed out with great force and speed. Anna barely managed to gulp it down fastenough to keep up. As he finished pissing, his cock began to stiffen, and shefelt his hands taking hold of her hair to hold her in place. Anna was feelingfairly nauseous after so much piss, and still being sore and cramped from lastnight's activities. She struggled to control her stomach as Alex started to fuckher face. Thankfully her brother wasn't overburdened with stamina, and after afew quick thrusts in her throat, his cum spurted down into her stomach. Shelicked him clean and stood up. The cramps in her belly were agony, but thankfully the electricity seemed to have finished for the time being.



"You don't look very happy," Alex observed. "Do you need to use the bathroom?"



Anna bit her lip and nodded.



"Well too bad you were out slutting it up and your keys haven't arrived back yet. You'll just have to wait."



Anna nodded again, clutching her stomach.



"You can wait out front if you want," he said.



"Out front?" she asked unsurely.



Alex put on some clothes and took Anna out to the front of the house. Outside the front door was a set of stocks. When her father had a party, Anna had been locked in them to welcome the guests.



Alex opened the stocks. Reluctantly, Anna knelt down and put her neck and wrists in place. He closed the stocks and locked them shut. "Happy, slut?" he asked.



She answered quietly. "Yes, thank you." Alex smiled and went back into the house.



Half an hour later a young guy came by with a delivery. Anna watched him as he walked up the driveway towards her. He shoved a package through the door, and then turned back to her, looking excited at the prospect. He looked around to see if anyone else was around. Then he pulled out his young, already fully erect cock and moved it towards her face. She opened her mouth for him and he shoved it inside.



He held the top of the stocks in both hands while he fucked her mouth. Her head and neck were pushed painfully back against the wood each time he thrust forwards. Taking him into her throat was harder than ever with the wood locked around her neck, but she didn't have any choice.



After five minutes his semen blasted down her throat. He stood back with a relaxed grin, and turned to leave. Then he stopped and turned back.



"Can I piss on you too?" he asked.



Anna briefly considered lying, but knew it could get her in a lot more trouble. "Yes," she answered.



He pulled his cock out again and pissed on her face. Uncomfortable and slightly nauseous, Anna risked keeping her mouth shut. The piss washed over her face and drenched her hair before he finally finished.



The messenger turned and left without speaking to her.



Anna waited uncomfortably, feeling her face and hair slowly drying off in the sun. Then suddenly she her nipple clamps gave her a fierce electric jolt. Her body jerked in shock from the neck down. A few seconds passed, and then another shock, just as bad as the first. Then she heard her brother emerge from the house, laughing. "Guess who's got your keys, bitch," he said. He activated them again, giving her a longer shock to her nipples, and turned on the electricity from her butt plug as well, making her squirm in helpless pain. "This is going to be a fun day," he observed gleefully.



(fellatrix (underscore) uk (at) yahoo (dot) co (dot) uk)



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  fellatrix


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





