BDSM Library - Having Your Own White Slave Family




Having Your Own White Slave Family
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rufus has his own white slave family to use and enjoy and now he decides to share them with the rest of his family.
When Rufus had told his wife Joy that he had blackmailed a white family into his
being his own personal slaves, she had been furious.  She threatened divorce,
taking the daughters, and everything else he owned.

But then,

He told her that it was the Clemens family.  His rich white boss.  He had
blackmailed them into giving him everything they owned.  The company, house,
bank accounts, and even their two daughters were now his personal slave.   He
didn't tell her how, and she didn't' want to know.

The disgusting act was now was no longer so horrible.  A rich lifestyle for the
rest of her life and her two daughters and a family of slaves they could use for
their pleasure.  Her hate of June Clemens had been building for over two years
since the woman stuck her nose up at a party at her and kept treating her like a
servant everything she had to attend.  After she had gotten over her cry and
fury, her cunt had started dripping at the thought of bringing that white woman
down a size or two.  She finally agreed knowing she could leave the bastard
Rufus later anything she wanted after she was rich.

Her daughters were more acceptable to the idea.  They had been abused for years
in school and now it was payback time.  Joy didn't know if the girls were
sexually active or not, but they sure was agreeable in a hurry.

They drove to the Clemens house that evening as Rufus had requested and prepared
for their arrival.  When they rang the doorbell, John Clemens answered and
opened it totally naked.  Joy had to admit it was exciting seeing her husband
ex-boss standing there naked with a rope tied around his cock and balls.  She
didn't even try to tell the girls to turn away as the sight had shocked and
excited her.

Please come in misses.  Master Rufus is in the living room awaiting your
arrival.

Joy and the two girls entered as the white man closed the door and walked ahead
of them towards the living area.  Joy watched his white ass swaying with each
step as her own cunt was starting to get wet with each movement.  She was sure
her daughters were feeling the same thing as they entered to see Rufus sitting
naked on the couch.  His 9 inch cock was sticking straight up as they approached
and he made no effort to cover it up.  Despite her hate of him at present,
watching John white ass moving in front of her had made her horny enough to
engulf his huge cock with one swallow and suck it off forever.

Bout time ya showed up honey.  Take a seat; I have the evening all planned out
for my special family tonight. 

Joy and the girls all said nothing as she took a seat on a nearby chair while
the daughters both sat on the couch adjacent to hers.  None of them said a word,
as Joy noticed the lust in the girls' eyes and knew her own must be showing
also.  This was so perverted but yet so exciting.

Rufus got up from the couch and walked over to John Clemens standing in front of
all of them and grabbed the leash attached to his cock.

Now folks, I'm going to show you what white folks are good for and all the fun
you are going to have the rest of your lives.

Rufus pulled the lease hard as John jumped up and yelled in pain.

Dance for my women, white boy.  Do the funky chicken.

John started slapping his elbows to his waist and jerking his legs back and
forth to the old dance as Rufus was tugging and jerking on the lease as he
moved.

Joy and the girls had to laugh at the sight of a grown white man dancing like a
fool with his little dickee swinging and his ass shaking in back.  Joy cunt was
getting more and wet as she watched.  No longer was she worried about the
daughters as she reached down to her pants crotch and started rubbing her cunt
at the sight.

John was sweating and whining as Rufus kept the tugging up on his tiny little
cock which had grown to its full size by now.  Finally, Rufus noticed that the
girls and Joy were now totally entranced and knew they were now hooked into his
plans.

Get on your knees white boy and crawl back there and lick my ass.  His command
yelled out across the room.

Joy watched as John immediately dropped down on his knees and started crawling
behind Rufus.  She was now stroking her own cunt with a steady motion.

What do you say white boy, Rufus asked?

Please master, may I clean your asshole sir.  John yelled out behind him.

Give me the leash white boy and shove that tongue in my butt, Rufus demanded.

Joy watched as John passed the lease up between Rufus huge legs and buried his
face deep within his hairy ass.  Her own cunt was drooling at the thought of his
tongue between her own huge mounds.

Keep up white boy if you know what is good for you, Rufus yelled and started
walking at a slow pace. 

John was struggling wilding in back trying to keep up with Rufus and continue to
lick his asshole as they made the way around the room.  His white ass swinging
wildly in back as Rufus kept the tight lease on his cock taut.  The girls, Joy
noticed was rubbing their own clits, as Joy thought the hell with it and jumped
up and pulled her top off and her pants down and onto the floor.  She dropped
back in her chair now rubbing her clit in earnest at the sight before her.

Rufus had enough fun with the wimp and knew Joy and the girls were now processed
and would never be the same.  He dropped the lease and walked back over to the
big chair and sat down.

Clap.

Come here dog and lick my balls while I watch the activities for awhile.

Joy was too absorbed in stoking her own cunt as she watch the white man crawl
over like a dog and started lapping at Rufus hairy balls.  Her attention was
broke as Rufus ranged a bell by the side of the chair.  Then she heard as door
open in the back of the room to seen June Clemens enter the area totally naked
with two small rings attached to her nipples in front.  She was totally red in
the face as she approached and no longer as proud and arrogant as normal.

Hatefulness and excitement immediately took Joy as she rubbed her cunt quickly
as the white woman approached and took a place immediately standing in the
middle of the room shaking.  Joy was overcome with anxiety and thoughts.

Thought you might want to take this white filly down to size tonight, Rufus
remarked at her guiding John head from one side to the other at his crotch.  She
is totally trained and will suffer anything you want to disk out to her.  She
knows what will happen if she don't.  Watch this.

Bitch, beg master to shove his big cock up your worthless asshole.  He yelled.

Please master shove your master cock up this worthless white whore cunt, June
replied almost stammering her words as her face turned all shades of red.

See hon, Rufus yelled.  She's nothing to me but a piece of white shit; I can
fuck in the ass whenever I want.  She's all yours for awhile if you want.

You bet I do, Joy yelled out jumping up from the chair.  She didn't care if her
daughter were in the room or not.  She was so hot she could had fucked Rufus
cock for hours but right now it was payback time and that white whore was
standing there just waiting for her to dish it out.  She almost ran over to get
in front of June.

Remember me whore, she yelled.  Grabbing both rings on June nipples she jerked
them up roughly as June face distorted in pain.  She quickly pulled them down as
June gasped in pain and then dropping one ring she slapped her hard on the face. 
She could see the tears in June eyes as she tried to remain still in front of
her who made her more and more excited dominating the bitch.

You worthless whore, Joy yelled.  I own your ass and its going to pay dearly for
the way you treated me for years.

She reached down and grabbed a handful of June cunt hair and tugged it upwards
as the woman yelled out in pain and held it there.

Who does your cunt belong to bitch, Joy yelled at her.

Yours mistress, yours.  June was yelling out loud and whining in agony as Joy
maintained her tight grip on her cunt hairs.  Joy could see the total defeat in
the woman eyes as her own cunt started running in excitement.

Just a fantasy, how was yours? 

Having Your Own White Slave Family II

Joy felt the last two years of hatred as she shoved her knee hard between June
Clemens legs into her cunt.

Ahhhhhh.  Please mistress, June begged between the pain in her cunt and the
hairs being pulled tightly up.

On your knees pig, Joy spat at her.  Worship my feet bitch.

Joy released her June cunt hair as the older white woman fell immediately to the
floor and started lapping and kissing her feet.   She was so engrossed in her
own lust she had barely hear Rufus ring the bell again and the two younger women
enter the room.  Both were in their early twenties compared to her daughters in
their late teens.  Joy watched with excitement as the naked young girls entered. 
Both had a small dildo attached to their mouth with one end in and the other out
for other uses.  A small chain was attached to their clits as they waddled in
shakily into the room with a handle at the end.  Their perky young tits were
tied together tightly and poked out invitingly for abuse.  Rufus had planned it
well Joy thought as she rubbed her own clit again.  She heard Rufus telling the
girls about their new toys that had entered the room and what they could do went
them, but at present her thoughts were still focus on June big white ass
sticking out down below just begging to be blistered.  She reached down and
grabbed a handful of her hair in own hand and dragged the woman over to her
chair with her whining behind on her knees.  She immediately took a seat and
dragged the older white woman over her lap.

Now bitch.  I'm going to show you who your ass belongs to, she yelled.

Swat, swat, swat.

Joy starting slapping the big white ass across her lap as fast and hard as she
could.

Ahhhhhh..  Mistress.   Ahhhhhhh.   Please...

June was wiggling wildly as the blows were being delivered on her ass.  She was
pleading and begging to deaf ears as Joy was now extracting full vengeance on
the way she had been treated the last few years and enjoying every moment of it.

Whore, Tramp.  How does it feel bitch.  What some more on your big fat ass.  
Joy was yelling.

No mistress, June was struggling to find words to please her new mistress. 
Please mistress; I'll be a good cunt. 

You damn right you will whore, Joy yelled, slapping her ass harder as she
started screaming and crying for mercy.  Some now on any time you open your
mouth it will be my ass sitting on it. 

She roughly pushed June off her lap on the floor as the woman screamed in pain
trying to grab her sore and bruise ass in back.

Lap my cunt like the dog you are.  Joy yelled at her.  Come here bitch.

June whined and got to her knees as Joy grabbed her head roughly on top and
shoved her face in her crotch.  Joy could feel her tongue immediately lapping on
her cunt which needed relief. 

Joy glanced while enjoying her tonguing to see Rufus now had his large cock deep
within John ass as was plowing his asshole.  Looking the other way, she could
see the girls were now tormenting the older white girls, pulling on their little
nipples poking out and slapping their tight young asses as they paraded them
throughout the room enjoying their feeling of power.  Joy knew pretty soon they
would be sitting on their faces enjoying the small cock sticking out their
mouths.  She wished June had one as she climaxed on the older white woman face
below violently.  June kept licking as she watched the girls now force the older
white girls on the carpet and was now squatting on their faces enjoying their
small face cocks.

Rufus, Joy yelled.  Don't you dare come.  I want some of that cock of yours in
my cunt, she yelled.  Bitch, get over there and clean his cock.

Rufus was more than ready to oblige as he withdrew his cock from John ass and
waited for June to crawl over and clean it.

Joy watched with lust as the white woman crawled over and engulfed his huge cock
in her mouth which had just been in her husband ass.  She stroked her clit as
Rufus finally pushed June Clemens back and walked over to her chair.

Fuck me baby, she yelled at him.  Lick his ass, she yelled at June.  Lick my
tits you white bastard, she yelled at John.   Ahhhhhh.

She felt Rufus cock slide roughly in her cunt with only one push as John tongue
started flicking wildly across her tit.

That's it baby,   Fuck me.  Fuck a real woman not some white asshole.   Get that
tongue deep in his asshole whore; she continued yelling at June this time.

Joy came again harder that any other time in her life.  It was the best climax
of her life as she felt Rufus coming in her cunt and tightened her muscles to
get every drop of his cum.  As he slowly started withdrawing his cock, she
yelled at June to get her tongue inside her cunt and clean it as she grabbed
John hair roughly moving it from side to side lapping her tits. 

Rufus was sitting on the floor holding his limp cock in his hand as she wiggled
on the chair with a tongue on her tits and another in her twat.

Don't wear yourself out babe, Rufus smiled at her.  The day has just begun and
we have the rest of our lives to enjoy these white bitches of ours and
everything they own.

You're damn straight, Joy replied laughing.  I'm going to enjoy taking
everything this bitch between my legs own while she shoves her face in my ass. 
You want to tongue my ass whore. 

Yes mistress, June shrieked out down below her legs as her tongue reentered Joy
cunt to her pleasure.

Joy could hear slapping sound over the side as she glanced over to see the girls
still riding the faces of the white girls they had abused earlier.  She knew
they had already climax and were enjoying another as they pulled and tweeted on
the white girls' tits as they rode them.  Their white bodies were squirming
underneath them.

Rufus dear, she asked?  Do you have one of those mouthpieces for my new white
whore here?  I want to make sure she is properly fitted for her new position.

Of course babe, Rufus replied.  We have butt plugs, dildos, paddles and
everything else you can ever dream of thanks to our new bankroll.

Oh yes, Joy replied in gleam.  She roughly pushed John face away from her tits
and June mouth from her cunt.

Pig, she yelled down at John.  Get your white ass over there and I want to see
you raised each of your daughters asses up in the air and spank their white
fannies till the girls tell you that you can stop.

She raised herself off the chair and smiled down at June on her knees below.

Now for you bitch.  She yelled.

Turning around she reached back and grabbed both her ass cheeks spreading them
wide.

Come here bitch and get your white face in your new home.  Your mouth and my
asshole are going to get to know each other real good from now on.

She could feel the tears on June face as it slid quietly between her mounds and
then the tongue darting around and inside her asshole.

Rufus, she yelled out.  Babe will you be nice enough to get some of the new
toys.  All our slaves are presently busy it seems.

Rufus grumbled.  Oh okay but only this time.  That's what we have whores for. 
My cock is getting hard enough to fuck again.

Don't worry honey, Joy smiled at him enjoying the tongue now deep within her
ass.  When you get back, I'm sure the girls will be exhausted and you'll have
two white tramps over there to poke to you collapse.  Oh....  Yes that it. 
Deeper whore.  Shove it deeper.  When Rufus gets back I'm going to shove one of
those rubber dongs deep in your big white ass. 

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Having Your Own White Slave Family III

Oh yesss whore.  All the way.

Joy was enjoying June tongue plunging deep in and out her ass as Rufus came back
and dropped all the toys on the floor below.  She saw immediately what she
wanted and pushed June face from her ass.

Get me that big black plug on the floor, she demanded.

June crawled over to where the plugs, paddles, etc was thrown out on the floor
and picked the big black plug up in her mouth and started crawling back to Joy.

Joy watched her crawling while she stroked her cunt and then glanced over to
where Rufus had gone.  Her daughters had passed out on the floor from their
climaxes and while the white girls was just lying trying to catch their breath. 
John had warmed their asses out with his slapping as they had serviced their new
mistresses and they were exhausted.  She watched as Rufus approached and
demanded John pick one of the girl legs up and over her head so he could plow
his cock in her ass.  Joy, herself, thought she might enjoy some of that later;
but right now she was having the time of her life with June Clemens.

Stand up bitch; she demanded looking down at the poor white woman.

June stood up as Joy grabbed the plug dangling from her mouth.

Open wide bitch.  I'm going to enjoy shoving this huge black dong in both of
your nasty holes.  She smirked.

As June opened, Joy immediately shoved the plug in her mouth as June gasped for
air as the plug quickly filled in.  Joy watched her eyes budging and her face
cheeks swelling with plug deep inside.  A loud fart could be heard.

Don't worry baby, I'll take care of your other hole later.  Now suck while I
teach your hole what it is good for.  She demanded.

June was gasping as Joy started shoving the large butt plug in and out her
mouth.  Her body was shaking in response to the pressure within and Joy remarks
about her big mouth.  When Joy finally had enough fun, she demanded June to turn
around and bend over and spread her big ass for her.

Taking her time, Joy teased her asshole for awhile as the woman strained in
anticipation of when the monster was going to be inserted and as soon as she saw
it was relaxing, she quickly pushed it in.

Owwlllwlllllllll.

June tried to remain still as the plug entered her asshole roughly but couldn't
help taking mini steps in pain as Joy easily kept up pushing it deeper and
deeper in till her ass felt like it was going to explode at any moment.  Finally
it was firmly in as she struggled to get used to the feel.

Joy was in awed that she had shoved the entire thing in June white ass and
totally excited the sight of her big white ass plugged in front of her.  She
patted the plug a couple of times enjoying June jumps and her total domination
of her.

Now get your big white ass up the stairs and show me all the new nice underwear
I am going to enjoy, she demanded down at her.  You won't need them anymore. 
Your big ass is going to be displayed naked at all times so I can enjoy it.

Slap.

She slapped June ass to get her moving and enjoyed watching it sway from side to
side as they made their way to the stairs and started up.  She couldn't help but
to slap the plug in her asshole as they went up just to see the white bums
clenched around the big black plug.  She could tell June was struggling not to
fall but it didn't matter as she kept slapping her big white ass till they got
in her bedroom area.

Now open the drawer so I can see all my new panties, she yelled.

June walloped over to the dresser drawer and opened it all the way up as Joy
made her way around.  She was demanded to stand there as Joy sorted through the
stuff and delighting at all the expensive underwear she had never had before. 
When she came to a pair with a slight brown tint to it, she picked it up and
held it up in front of June face.

Bitch.  This will never do.  I expect my panties to be totally clean.   She
smiled.

She opened the panties so June could see the brown tint and then put the panties
over June head so that the tint was at her mouth level.

Now clean those panties thoroughly with your tongue while I finish looking, she
remarked returning once again to the drawer.

June stood in humiliation with her ass plugged and lapping at the panties placed
over her head as Joy kept looking through her drawer.  She found a pair of
panties that had an open spot in back and front and knew at once what it was
good for.  Joy immediately put them on and enjoying the silky feel of them
walked over to the side of the bed and sat down.

Remove the panties and crawl over her and lick my cunt, she demanded enjoying
the pitiful sight of the white woman standing there.

Crawl here bitch, she yelled louder as June seem to be moving to slow.  I bet
your husband use to lick your old nasty hole while you lay in these panties and
enjoyed yourself.  It's your turn to lap now bitch.  Come to mommy.

June quickly crawled over as Joy sat with her legs spread to each side awaiting
her tonguing.  She could see Joy cunt was totally wet in anticipation as she
approached and edged forward only to have her grab her hair on top and pull her
face almost all the way in her cunt.  She started lapping like a dog.

That's it bitch, more licking.  Tongue my cunt.  If I have to get up, you're
going to wish you never had a white ass.  Ohhhh.  Yess..  That's it.  Put your
whore tongue deeper inside.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Having Your Own White Slave Family IV

Faster, Faster, you big white pig.  Lap my cunt.  Stick your tongue in there. 
Joy yelled as she approached orgasm again.  She never wanted it to stop.  Ever.

She came hard, rocking on June Clemens face below and then stood up.

Remove my panties slut and clean them with your tongue.  She commanded.

June quickly went about the task of lowering Joy panties and started lapping the
crotch with her tongue.

That's it you old white cum dump.  Remember to clean the back area too.  I want
you to get use to the scent.  Joy laughed.

Joy went back over to the dresser and went through the slips and gowns as the
white woman remained on the floor lapping at once were her prize panties.  She
then looked in the closet at the dresses and blouses. Knowing that most wouldn't
fit but it didn't matter.  They were all hers now and she could always buy more
at the slut expense.  She was tired and needed a bath as she glanced over at the
bathroom.

Fix my tub so I can take a bath slut and when it ready go down and get those
fine whore whores of yours and tell them to get off their white asses and come
give me a bath.  If you're lucky maybe Rufus will shove his big black cock up
your whore mouth so you can clean it.  Seems your other hole is stuffed like a
pig at present.  Joy enjoyed the thought of using the woman kids for her
pleasure knowing she couldn't do anything about it.  Although, they were in
there twenties, it was the thought that counted.  She watched as June crawled to
the bathroom and began filling the tub up.   Damn, she thought, I wish I hadn't
come too soon.  I would love to enjoy swatting that big white ass some more. 

She made her way to the bathroom which was very large and nice and lay back in
the tub as June got up with a sorry look in her eyes and headed downstairs to
get the older daughters.  The water was very warm and felt great on her tired
body as she felt her cunt getting warm again.  She must be a sexual pervert, she
thought, as she stroked her sore clit in anticipation.

The two white daughters entered the bathroom as she looked them up and head to
toe.  Both had a fine shape which they probably had inherited from their mother
and her money.  Both were nervous and she could tell they were tired and sore
from their previous ordeal.

You, she pointed at the taller one.  What's your name?

Betty, the young girl replied nervously.

Well slut Betty, get your white ass over here and clean my pussy with this soap
and your tongue.  I want it to be cleaned slowly.  Do you understand?

Yes mistress, the girl replied, immediately dropping to her knees by the side of
the tub and grabbing the soap began rubbing it on Joy clit.

And you whore.  What is your name?  She demanded the other girl.

Paula mistress, the girl responded.

Well slut Paula, your job will be cleaning by beautiful tits with that nasty
mouth of yours.  Get you white fanny down here and start cleaning slut.  She
demanded.

The girl dropped to her knees as her sister and began soaping Joy massive tits
and tonguing them.  Joy was feeling the tongue swaying wildly in her cunt and
breasts as she lay back enjoying the feeling.  Her clit was very sore as she
made slave Betty do her feet instead when it started to hurt a little.  She must
have laid for a good twenty minutes as she finally demanded the girls to stand
up and dry her off.   To ensure she was clean, she made Betty tongue her asshole
while Paula cleaned her clit.

Come on sluts, she said, walking over to the bed.  It time to learn who runs
this family.  Slut Paula get your big white ass over my lap now.  I'm going to
give you what your mother should have done years earlier and if you beg to serve
me properly I'll stop at twenty.

Paula walked over to where Joy was sitting and laid across her lap.  She was
already begging to lick Joy ass and cunt even before the punishment began.

Joy showed no mercy swatting her ass hard and fast as the young girl begged to
do anything she wished or even never thought of.  When she was done, the girl
had tears in her eyes as she made her get up and go stand against the wall with
her face to it.

Now little Betty, come over here so I can beat your lily white ass, she pointed.

Betty hoping to lesson the punishment dropped over her lap quickly and started
begging faster than her sister.  Sluts, Joy thought, slapping her ass harder and
harder.  When done, she made her go to the wall by her sister.

Now sluts, I want to see how good you obey orders.  Push your little white asses
out and spread those cheeks so I can see those tight little assholes of ya.

Both girls pushed their butts back and spread their asses as she requested.

Joy enjoyed the sight knowing later she would have to enjoy shoving a little
plug in each of them.  But at present, she would have to use what's available.

Now slutties, shove your finger in your asses and started dancing for me.  I
want to see those fannies wagging.

Both girls did as requested pushing their fingers in their butts and wagging
their tails as their fingers when in and out.  Her own clit was wet and needed
attention but it was still too sore as she watched and enjoyed the sight.  When
she got tired of it, she stood up and walked over slapping each on their butts.

Come on whores and let's go down and see what's going on.  Ya are going to make
us a nice dinner.  And it better be good or I'll have to whack those big butts
of yours again.  Maybe I'll let Charka or Kara swat those perky little titties
of yours instead. 

They made their way back down the stairs as Joy noticed Rufus had passed out on
the couch from all the fucking he had done.  The girls were now wide awake and
enjoying using the older white parents June and John.  They had seem to get into
their roles quickly as Joy noticed they had them both on their backs holding
their legs over their heads and slapping their big white asses as they verbally
was abusing them.  John had a butt plug in his ass now like June and both girls
were making sure they were swatting it as the white couple moaned and begged
beneath them.

Joy pointed to the kitchen for the white girls as she sat down on the sofa to
enjoy the view.

Hit them harder sugars, she yelled at her daughters.  Their asses are not moving
like they are enjoying it.  Slap those big white butts.

The couple was now wagging their upturned asses faster as the girls continued to
beat their butts in earnest now.

Charka, Joy yelled out, why don't you go over and get that small paddle over
there and have the white bitch hold those big tits out so you can paddle them. 
She is so proud of them.  I'm sure they need attention by now.  And Kara babe,
why don't you take John lease and make him crawl around the room with his face
in your nice butt so he can truly enjoy it.

The girls were more than eager to oblige and soon June was holding her big white
tits out as Charka was swatting them as she cried for mercy from the girl.  John
wasn't much better as he was crawling on his knees with his face firmly
implanted in Kara ass as she kept a tight grip on the lease.  His balls were
being stretched as far as they would go as they walloped around the room.

Joy enjoyed the sight getting wetter and wetter knowing she was going to need
another tonguing herself again.  Maybe she'll let June massage her clit with
those sore tits of hers when Charka was done with her.  Maybe, her hair would be
better.  Hard choice to make.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





