BDSM Library - The Beginning of a Black Neighborhood




The Beginning of a Black Neighborhood
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two African foreign exchange students arrive at a white teacher and daughter home and start to take control of the household.  Next comes the neighbor daughter and mother.  It is just the beginning of their conquests. 
The Beginning of a Black Neighborhood.

Jane watched as the two female exchanged students finished their meal and headed
upstairs with her daughter Jamie.  Both students were from Africa and in their
late teens.  She had always wanted to participate in the program but never had
the chance till her husband died a couple of years ago.  Between her teaching
job and knowing Jamie would be leaving for college next year, she thought the
idea might keep her from being lonely in the big house she lived in.  She knew
the neighbor was probably upset with her for sponsoring a couple of black girls
from Africa since it was an all white rich neighborhood but she just ignored
their stares at her after the girls arrive.  They were very beautiful and Jane
spent many nights fantasizing about their bodies as she tried to get sleep.  She
knew lusting at the girls were taboo and wrong but somehow she couldn't get the
thought out of her mind.  She glanced at their smaller butts as they trailed out
the room with her daughter Jamie trailing behind.

Jamie and the girls, Kayla and Latoya had hit it off right from the start.  She
showed them everything at firs and later she followed them around like she was
their pet or something.  Jane sometimes wondered if she was lesbian or something
by the way she stayed glued to the couple. 

Jane finished the dishes earlier haven't her own wet dream and decided she would
go check on the girls to see if they wanted to go out for dessert.  She never
interrupted them because they were always busy studying upstairs and she didn't
want to intrude.  Today, however, she was feeling very lonely herself and needed
some conversation.  She walked up the stairs and made it to the girl's room. 
There was noises coming from inside.

"Clean under my foot white girl.  She heard Kayla say.  "Hurry up Latoya wants
hers licked too."

Jane couldn't believe the girls were talking like that as she quietly cracked
the door to look inside.  She was amazed at what she saw.  Jamie was totally
naked on the floor with her butt pointed back to Jane view and the two black
girls were sitting on the bed in only their panties while she was tonguing Kayla
feet.  Jane stared at her daughter round ass for the first time in years naked
and it had grown a lot.  She glanced up to see both Kayla and Latoya firm small
tits above her as she stared in disbelief.  She knew she should go in and put an
end to it but looking at the girls breasts was turning her on beyond belief. 
Nights she had fantasized about them and now she was looking at them for real. 
Her cunt moistened at the sight as her hand reached down to her throbbing clit
by instinct and started rubbing on it through her dress.

"My turn," Layota yelled out to the crouching Jamie.  "Lick my feet."

Jane watched as Jamie crawled over to her and started licking on her feet. 
Then, Kayla got up and walked over to the closet and return with a small dress
belt.  She folded it in her hand and then walked back over to where Jamie was
lapping Latoya feet and raised it up and brought it down hard on Jamie nude
plump behind.

"Oh yes, hit her ass again, Layota said.  "She licks a lot better that way."

Jane couldn't believe she was watching this and getting excited at the same
time.  They were spanking her own daughter while she was playing with her own
cunt and getting excited by it. After about twenty spanks, she watched

Kayla pulled her panties down below her cunt.

"Come here white girl."  She told Jamie.  "Time for your reward."

Jane watched Jamie get up and crawl back to Kayla and started lapping her cunt. 
The sight was too much as Jane raised her dress and pushed her hand into her
panties.  She was getting so hot from the events that she was frigging herself
fast now nearing climax.

Latoya, meanwhile had gotten up also and picking up one of Jamie sandals started
slapping her ass cheeks.

"Wish this was her mother big ass," Latoya was laughing.  "I could spank her fat
ass all day."

"Yeah."  Kayla replied. "Bet the bitch hadn't had a fuck in years." 

Kayla continued grinding her cunt on Jamie face as Latoya kept slapping her ass
as it turned deep red in back.  Jane came putting one hand over her mouth to
keep from yelling out.  She quickly walked away softly to prevent them from
hearing her and got in her bed.  She opened the drawer by the side and grabbed
her dildo.  She shoved it in her cunt and pushed it in and out till she came
twice before passing out on the bed.

Jane woke the next day, feeling more refreshed than she ever had.  The dildo was
still firmly seated in her cunt as she pulled it out and put it back in the
drawer.  She got up, showered, and started to get dress.  Today was Saturday and
she didn't have to work.  The images of last night was still in her mind as she
selected a pair of tight jogging shorts and put on a tee shirt without the bra. 
She was still horny.

She made her way downstairs to the kitchen and prepared breakfast for the girls. 
She didn't know if she could face them or not.  But the thoughts of seeing them
were getting her wet.

"Hi, Mrs. Carson. 

Latoya and Kayla entered the kitchen and took their normal seats at the table. 
Jane couldn't help but stare at the girls tits which were barely covered by the
tees they had on.  She wished she could get on her knees and suck on all four of
them.  Instead, she poured them coffee.

"Where is Jamie this morning," she asked as her voice was somewhat different.

"She had trouble sleeping," Kayla replied.  "She said she wasn't hungry this
morning."

Jane didn't believe them but didn't dare to push the issue.  After all, what
would she tell them.  That she watched them beating her own daughter ass and
played with herself while she was doing it.  No she couldn't do that.

"I save some for her later," Jane lied trying to avoid looking the girls in the
eyes.  Her cunt was getting wet again damn it.  She walked back over to the sink
to act like she was doing dishes.

"Mrs. Carson."  She heard Latoya say from the table.  "Your pants are wet down
there."

Jane suddenly realized she hadn't put on any panties and her wet cunt was
dripping in her shorts.  She turned around in panic. 

"I must have spill coffee on them."  She lied quickly trying to come up with a
reason.  "I'll go put some new ones on right now."

"Don't look to me like a spill."  Kayla was laughing.  "Looks to me like your
pussy is dripping."

Jane froze in place trying to think of something to say.  She looked down
herself to see a large wet spot between her legs.  She couldn't come up with any
words.  The girls had noticed her panic also.

Latoya laughed.  "If I didn't know better I think she was wetting her pants
looking at our tits."  Didn't you see her staring at them Kayla.

"Yeah, I sure did," Kayla replied.  "How about this Mrs. Carson?"

Kayla reached up and pulled her tee below her breasts as her tits popped out. 
Jane stared over and gasped.  Her knees were buckling under her as her pussy
juices started flowing freely.  She covered her face in humiliation and ran
toward the bedroom in her cum soaked shorts.  Jumping on the bed, she started
crying at her humiliation but her cunt was on fire as she reached down and
started rubbing it trying to get off again.  There were only a few minutes
before the door slammed open and she saw Kayla and Latoya walk into the room
totally naked.  She begged them to get out and tried to cover her face as her
thighs were compulsing tightly around her cunt.  She watched in horror as both
girls lay on the bed beside her on each side and Kayla began rubbing her hand in
her hair.

"Don't worry sugar," she smiled at Jane.  "Most white girls get excited looking
at our tits."  "Here why don't you suck on it like the baby you are."

Kayla held her right tit out directly in front of Jane as she felt Latoya reach
behind and started rubbing her cunt from behind her ass.  The sight this close
was too beautiful to resist as she leaned forward and started sucking on Kayla
smaller nipple. The hand in her shorts were starting to drive her wild as she
wiggled her butt and pulled her legs out more to allow it unrestricted access. 
When Kayla held out the other tit, she quickly changed to it sucking on it
freely.  She felt her shorts being lowered from behind.

"I think she should be punished for being such a baby,"  Latoya was saying from
behind.  "I can see her asshole tightening between this big fat ass of hers.  I
think she is trying to get off on your tits, Kayla."

Slap, slap.

Jane felt the slaps on her ass but didn't care anymore as she started
alternating from one tit to the other in lust.

"That it," Kayla yelled at Latoya.  "Spank her ass harder."  "She's starting to
get me hot."

Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap.

Latoya was now spanking her ass in earnest now as she sucked and nippled on
Kayla tits.  She felt Kayla hand grab her head in back and slowly moved her head
down to her clit.  She didn't even try to fight.

"Lick my cunt white woman."  Kayla yelled at her.  "That's it."  "Lap it like
your whore daughter does."

At the mention of her daughter, Jane tried to stop but just couldn't.  The
spanking of her ass and the taste of Kayla clit had drove her to new heights as
her cunt was soaking the bed below.  She tongued in more earnest at their
humiliation of her.  Kayla was quick to cum pulling her face all over her cunt
and spreading her juices all over her nose and mouth.

Latoya jumped up off the bed and putting her hands on her hips yelled out.  "My
turn.  Crawl here slut and lick my cunt."  She demanded. 

Jane didn't hesitate as she quickly got off the bed and crawled to where Latoya
was standing and crammed her face in her cunt.  She started licking as fast as
she could.  Latoya was grabbing her ears pulling her deeper in her cunt.  She
felt her ass cheeks being spread in back and then something rough at the
entrance. 

Awwhhhhh.

Something large was shoved up her asshole as she tightened her ass muscles
around the intruder.

"Yeah baby."  Latoya yelled out.  "Shove that hairbrush deeper in her ass." 
"She's licking much better now."

Jane had never been fucked in the ass and it took a moment to loosen her ass to
allow the intruder asset.  She lapped for all she was worth as her cunt dripped
all over the floor below.  She came hard and collapse on the carpet and passed
out.

Jane woke to find herself along still on the floor on her hands with her head
down.  The brush was still shoved in her ass as she slowly worked it out as her
asshole was very sore from the fucking she had just received.  She felt dirty
and nasty as well as hated herself for what she just did.  But her cunt was
still wet with the thought of doing it again if asked.

She got up and showered her sore body and rubbed her clit.  How could anything
be so wrong and feel so great she was thinking getting the towel and drying off. 
She got her panties this time before she slip a pair of jogging shorts and her
tee shirt on.  She didn't know how she was going to face the girls or her
daughter again.  She slowly made her was down the stairs dreading the moment of
truth.  No one was in the living room so she made her way to the kitchen.  As
she entered she saw Latoya and Kayla sitting in the chairs talking.  As she
walked in, she froze at what was on the floor.

Her daughter and the neighbor girl Kimmie was kneeling naked by the black girls'
feet massaging them with their breasts.  Her pussy wetten at the sight but knew
she had to stop this now.

"This has got to stop."  She yelled out as she coming within the girls view. 
"This is wrong."

Kayla immediately go up and walked over as Jane stood looking at her.  Before
she realized what was going to happen, she felt a hard slap to her right cheek
knocking her off balance.

"What did you say bitch?  Kayla demanded.  "Do you want your big white ass
spanked again or should I shove something better than the brush up it.  You came
twice having you big ass beat and fucked."

"Please Kayla............."  Jane tried to say only to have her face slapped
again.  She could see Latoya smiling at her and Jamie and Kimmie looking over
surprised. 

"Take off your blouse and shorts bitch."  Kayla demanded.  "Time to show your
daughter what a slut her mother really is."

Jane hesitated only to have her face slapped again even though she tried to
protect it this time.  Tears were forming in her eyes.  She dared not disobey
again reaching down and pulling her t-shirt over her head and dropping it.  Then
she drop her shorts and stepped out standing there in only her panties.

"Lower your panties to your knee top."  Kayla demanded.  "Some now on no white
girl is allowed to wear panties in this house with on unless we give permission
and then they will be lowered as such to catch their dripping cunts."  "Go on
bitch, show your daughter your wet cunt."

Jane didn't want to drop her pants but the next slap came across both of her
tits and stung horribly. She quickly lowered her pants and panties and stepped
out.  She tried to cover her cunt but a slap on her breast again and she stood
upright and still.

"See slut," Kayla yelled out so all could hear.  "Your mother cunt is still wet
after it cumming all evening."  "She just dying to get on her knees and lick my
cunt again."  "Aren't you bitch?"

Jane glanced at her daughter and Kimmie staring at her in amazement.  She had
gone too far and she was hot as hell again.  She could see fire in Kayla eyes if
she said the wrong thing.

"Yes mistress," She said meekly.  "I want to get on my knees and lick your
pussy."

"Get down and kiss my foot and beg."  Kayla demanded.

Jane cunt was starting to get soak by the humiliation.  She knew the girls were
watching but she was too excited to disobey.  She immediately got down on her
knees and leaned forward kissing Kayla foot and begging to let her lick her
pussy.  She dared not look at her daughter or the neighbor's girl. 

"All white girls are sluts but their mothers are total whores to be used." 
Latoya said from her chair.  She stood up.

"Slut Kimmie"  Latoya spoke.  "Lick my pussy and you slut; pointing to Jamie,
get your face in my ass and start licking."

Kayla meanwhile had turned around with Jane still at her feet now licking her
heels all over.  She reached back and spread her fine black ass.

"Get your white face in here bitch."  She demanded.  "Time you learn how to
properly serve your betters."

Jane didn't have to be told twice as she raised up and seeing the girl's
puckered anus drove her tongue around and around the bud and then inside.  The
salty taste didn't brother her as she was driven with lust and eagerness to
please her new mistress.  Her tongue worked its way in and out.

They were all so absorbed in their orgy that no one had noticed the front door
had opened and Mrs. Winters, Kimmie mother, had walked through the house and
into the kitchen totally unnoticed.

"Kimmie, she yelled.  "Get your clothes on this minute young girl.  I can't
believe this is happening.  How dare you disgusting perverts.  Just wait till I
report all of you!"

Everyone had frozen at the voice and stood still except Kayla and Latoya.

"Your daughter is my bitch and if you tell anyone I will let the whole
neighborhood know it."  She stood staring at the older woman.  "Kimmie tell your
bitch mother who you belong to."

Kimmie immediately turned her face towards her mother.

"Mother," she said.  "I belong to Mistress Latoya and Mistress Kayla and will do
anything they asked.  I am their slave girl.  I also told them of how you been
pocketing money from your business cash register without paying taxes on it and
every other thing you have done or said about someone.  Fuck off mother.  I'm
busy licking my mistress cunt."

Lois Winters just stood there totally surprise at her daughter and fearful of
what she had just said.  Did they really know everything she been doing illegal
lately or said about others..  She was trying to come up with something to say
but words were at a lost.

"Pull your dress off so that we can look at those white whorish legs of yours." 
Kayla demanded to her side.

"There no way I going to submit to your devilish game."  Lois finally found her
words.  "As far as I'm concerned, you can go to hell."

"Tut, tut." Kayla laughed looking at Latoya.  "I guess we'll just have to report
her big white ass to the IRS and then we can enjoy her home and daughter to our
heart content while her big butt is in jail.  What do you think Latoya?"

Lois watched as Latoya went to the phone and started dialing.  Surely she was
buffing.  But then, when she said she wanted to report a tax evading scheme she
yelled at to Latoya to wait.  She still didn't know what to do but she had to
have time to think.

Slap.

Lois felt a hard slap to her face much like Jane earlier.  She grabbed her cheek
in pain.

"Lift that dress whore."  Kayla demanded.  "Or I'll slap your face till it turns
blue."

Lois was now fearful of the youth and didn't want a fight in her present
situation.  She dreadfully removed her dress and toss it on the floor.

"Now lower your panties to your knee top like your neighbor slut Jane here on
the floor." Kayla demanded.

"Stand up slut."  Kayla demanded to Jane.  "Spread those legs too so the new
slut can see how she should be positioned properly in front of a black lady."

Jane stood up.  Her cunt was dripping easy as she spread her legs wide and
stood.  Lois was staring in shame and humiliation at her neighbor but her own
cunt was getting wet also.  A slap to her tits and a demand to get in position
made her quickly assume the same position.

"Some ones are going to be punished for interrupting our quiet and peaceful game
today," Kayla demanded.  "And I think Latoya that our slut girls should decide. 
Slut Jamie, Kimmie go to the frig and get a carrot each."

Both Jane and Lois watched in horror as their daughters quickly got up and ran
to the frig and dug in it pulling out a carrot each.

"Now sluts." Kayla commanded them.  "You have five minutes to shove that carrot
in your slut mommies' pussies and get them off.  If you do, they get punished if
not both of you will.  Don't be gentle and enjoy their saggy big boobs if you
like."

Kayla went back to the table and her and Latoya sat to enjoy the new game they
had created. Both older women looked at their daughters with pleading eyes but
dared not to interfere as they approached and without mercy started shoving the
carrots in their cunts.  They tried to resist at first but when the girls
starting rubbing and pulling their large boobs, both women started bending
trying to get more of the carrot in their soaking cunts.  Kayla and Latoya
started laughing at the older white women standing with their legs spread and
panties down tying to fuck the carrot each daughter had in their hand.  It
lasted less than 3 minutes before the women were panting and rocking in an
orgasm.

"Just proves the older sluts are more hornier." Latoya laughed. "Maybe its
because their saggy big boobs bounce up and down just before they cum.  How
should we start their punishment."

Kayla smiled and turned back to the grown women still panting while their
daughters were removing the carrot and smiling at them.

"Since the old sluts love the carrot so much, shove it up their big fat white
asses sluts."  She demanded to Jamie and Kimmie.  "Spread your big asses whores
so your little daughter slut and give it what it really needs."

Jane and Lois was too tired from their orgasm to resist as both reach back and
spread their big butts in back.  The girls wasted no time trying to shove the
wet carrot in and the women faces grimaced in pain as it was pushed all the way
up their butt holes.  Kayla let them get used to the feeling for a moment and
then.

"Whores. I want to see each of you walk around this table flapping your arms
like a duck and walking like one."  She demanded.  "Slut Jamie bring me those
two large wooden spoons hanging on the wall there."

Jamie quickly ran and got the spoons while Jane and Lois started trying to
waddle like a duck around the table and flapping their arms to the side.  As
they passed the black ladies, each received several slaps on their ass hard with
the large spoons.  It was hard to walk flapping and waddling while holding a
carrot in your ass but the spoon spanks was making it almost impossible.  A
warning from the black girls to keep the dangling carrots in and they were
tightening this asses so tight that when their ass cheek was hit by the spoon it
didn't bulged.  Slut Jamie and Kimmie was allowed to tweak their huge boobs as
they walked to encourage them to keep the carrot in.  Both succeeded falling to
their knees in pain and humiliation when the black girls told them they could
rest.  As they fell down to the kneeling position the carrots popped out of
their ass like pea shooting out a pod.

"Slut Kimmie you have a black maid don't you."  Latoya asked.

"Yes mistress.  And mommie is very mean to her."  Kimmie added.

"Call her over." Latoya added.  "I think we are going to need her help in
training these older sluts to be good servants."

"Please, please. Don't do this to me."  Lois was crying from the floor below.

Latoya got up and quickly kicked her ass.

"Did I say you could talk whore."  Latoya yelled delivering several more kicks
to her white ass exposed.

"No mistress. Whatever you want mistress."  Lois yelled out in pain trying to
rub her sore ass.

"Jamie,"  Latoya continued.  "After the maid gets here and we have everything in
control, I think we should go over to that pervert Mr. Bentley house.  He's been
trying to seduce you for over a month now and I think we put him in his proper
place too."

Jamie was glowing with excitement.

"Can I suck his big cock first mistress."  Jamie said trying to hold her
excitement back.  "I love to see it nice and big before you kick it."

"Of course you can slut," Latoya laughed.  "He want be needed it after we get
through with him."

Kayla meanwhile had gotten up and started prodding Jane ass with her toe. 

"You hear that whore."  She said prodding between the ass cheeks.  "Your own
daughter is going to suck your pervert neighbor off before we enslave his ass
like yours.  Do you have any problem with that?"

Jane was totally exhausted and humiliated.  She would agree to anything the
girls wanted at present to get a moment rest.  Her cunt was still wet and she
hated herself for what she was becoming.  She just couldn't stop getting
excited.

"No mistress," Jane said.  "Whatever mistress wants is fine with me.  Suck his
cock good baby.  Make it hard for mistress to play with."

All the girls were laughing at her reply.  Kimmie had just returned from the
living room after calling Maid Lisa. 

"Did you get her." Latoya asked.

"Yes mistress."  Kimmie replied.  "She said when you told her last week and she
agreed that she really didn't believe you could do it.  But now, she said she
would love to come over and properly teach fat white women how to serve
properly.  She said she is in your debt forever."

Latoya gave moaning Lois several more kicks on her cunt.

"Bet your white ass didn't even know we been planning for over a week how to
enslave you.  Did it whore?"  She asked.

Lois was starting to cry but everyone could see the wetness in her cunt sticking
up.

"No mistress," She replied tearfully.  "I'll be a good slave."

"You and whore Jane will remain in this position till Maid Lisa gets here and
when we get back I better hear that both of you obeyed her like it was me or
Kayla."  Latoya continued.  "If not, neither of you will be able to sit for a
week."

As both women replied they would, the girls started out the door to get dressed
and go over to entrap the neighbor Mr. Bentley.

As they passed by the door, Kimmie yelled back to her mother.

"Oh by the way mommie.  Lisa found that old big paddle that you had in school
and said it would fit your big butt just right."

It took a while for the girls to get dressed.  Jamie and Kimmie was both in
tight mini shirts with no panties underneath while both Kayla and Latoya dressed
in leather pants and see through blouses.  They finally were done and made to
the front door.  They could hear yelling coming from the kitchen and then the
sound of a paddle hitting flesh.

"Guess Lisa made it,"  Kayla laughed as they walked out.  "I bet those big butts
will be well behaved by the time we get back." 

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

To be continued.

Pallidan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





