BDSM Library - A Simple Black Plan




A Simple Black Plan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A black daughter talks her mother into blackmailing their rich white neighbors next door.  Her mother never knew it was going to be this easy.
A Simple Black Plan.

Sandra listened to her daughter with shock at first.  She couldn't believe she
was saying such things.  The girl wanted to make their white rich neighbors, the
Van Horns, their slaves.  She had it all planned out already and was showing her
a tape of Jennifer (Mrs. Van Horn) seducing the paperboy in her backyard which
she had recorded with her new cam only days earlier.  She taught it was unfair
for her mother to work so hard to try to make a living while the neighbors could
screw around and enjoy the finer things at their pleasure.  Just because she was
black.

Sandra had watched the tape at first with disgust and then found herself getting
excited despite her better nature.   Jennifer had made the boy get on his knees
and service her ass while she masturbated herself at his discomfort. 
Afterwards, the boy was allowed to masturbate his cock in front of her while she
laughed at him.  It was disgusting the way she used to kid.

Marcie was telling her the plan on how she was going to blackmail Jennifer with
the tape while Sandra was to seduce the husband into submission.  It was totally
ridiculous and the same time seemed to be totally practical.  After all, she had
noticed the neighbor (John Van Horn) had been admiring her body for months now
and shouldn't be that hard to tame into her toy.  Jennifer; however, was another
story, but Marcie was convinced she could do it.

A life of luxury for them.  She pondered for awhile getting excited herself at
the thought.  Finally, she agreed.  They continued to plan how it was going to
be done late into the night as both women went to bed rubbing there clits with
their thoughts.

The next morning Sandra was at the peek hole in the fence with Marcie cam.  She
saw Jennifer in the back yard on a lawn chair as usual with only a bikini on
getting her daily sun tan.  Marcie was entering the yard and starting to creep
up on the woman. As she got close, Jennifer looked up and said something to her. 
Marcie dropped the table on the chair in front of her and was talking down. 
Sandra focused the zoom lens in to see the redness on Jennifer face as she
slowly got up from the chair.

Suddenly, Sandra saw Jennifer reach out and slap her daughter across the face
almost knocking the girl down.  She wanted to drop the cam and come to her
daughter rescue but continued to watch as Marcie turned to leave and started
walking.  Their plan was doomed she thought and almost lower the cam before she
fall Jennifer chasing after Marcie and yelling something.  Marcie was ignoring
her as she continued walking with the older white woman calling out and
following her.  Could her daughter take another slap, or should she help, Sandra
pondered.

Then the surprise.

Marcie spurned around and was barking something at the older white woman.  They
just both stood there for moments and then to Sandra surprise, she watched
Jennifer reach up and unhook the top of the bikini top letting it drop to the
ground.  Sandra got excited at the sight of the older woman sagging white tits
bare in her lens.  I can't believe it, she thought, trying to focus the lens in
more detail.  Jennifer next reached down and unhooked her bikini bottoms in
front of Marcie letting them drop also.

Sandra move the lens up and down looking at Jennifer red face, her sagging tits,
and her round white ass.  She reached down between her own legs and slipped her
hand under her dress and started rubbing her clit.  She watched as Jennifer got
down on her knees in front of Marcie while her daughter went around her and
grabbing her bikini top started tying her Jennifer hands behind her back.  The
older white woman was putting up no resistance but turning all shades of red
while her hands were tied.  Next, Marcie picked up her bikini bottom and started
tying her ankles together.  Sandra could see Jennifer was now at the mercy of
her daughter and started rubbing her clit faster wished it was her over there. 
She continued to watch.

Marcie had moved back in front of Jennifer and surprisingly reached out and
slapped the woman across the face with a blow harder than she had received
earlier.  Jennifer cheek was red from the impact as she tried to maintain her
balance.  Another slap followed as Sandra watched the white woman tried to
regain her senses and was moving her legs apart in front of Marcie.  She never
thought Marcie could be that cruel to another person but when she watched her
daughter foot plow into Jennifer cunt sending the woman backwards on the ground
in pain she now knew better.  Her own cunt was dripping at the sight.

Marcie was yelling something at the woman when she noticed Jennifer trying to
get back on her knees and the pain the woman must be going through.  Marcie
started walking towards the chair as Jennifer started crawling on her knees
behind her.  The plan was starting to succeed as Sandra cunt flow freely between
her legs.

Marcie had the woman now over her lap and was really whapping Jennifer big round
butt.   Jennifer was squirming wildly in her daughter lap and Sandra could see
the red imprints of her daughter palm all over the woman butt.  Finally, the
woman quit squirming accepting her fate as Sandra watched in lust as the woman
ass bucked up and down with each swat.

Marcie pushed the woman off her lap as Jennifer was squirming on the ground in
pain.  Standing up, Marcie proceeded to the house and grabbing the hose returned
to the white woman wiggling on the ground below.  She was still yelling at the
woman as Jennifer turned over putting her face to the ground and her reddened
rear up. 

Sandra watched Marcie secured the white woman by her waist and then start
pushing the water hose faucet in the woman's big ass. 

What was she going to do, Sandra thought, now inserting her fingers in her cunt
and pushing them in?   She watched Marcie turn the faucet knob and the woman
jerking up in shock.  Her daughter had turned the water on in the woman's
asshole.

It was only for a moment before Marcie turned it back off but the effect could
be seen through the lens as Jennifer stomach seemed to be much bigger and the
woman was squirming in misery.  Marcie had popped the hose out and stood up
while the woman was shaking miserable below her.  At her command, Sandra watched
Jennifer struggle to get up and then again on command bent over almost to her
knees.  She maintained her position for a minute before Marcie slapped her ass
and Sandra watched a stream of water shoot upward behind the woman ass.  She
came at the sight almost dropping the cam while falling on the ground in
pleasure.

It took her a while to regain herself as she got back up and grabbing the cam
put it back in the peek hole to see what was going on next.  Marcie was going in
the house with Jennifer on her knees crawling behind.

She put the cam back down and lay upon her back stroking her cunt as fast as she
could.  She needed to cum again.  She thought about how she was going to
accomplish her part of the plan and pondered what was going on at present in
Jennifer house.  She came again.

Sandra felt like it was hours since hearing from her daughter as she completed
her shower and admired her mature body in the mirror.  She had call Jennifer's
husband John early this morning and asked him to come over with an insurance
plan that his company was selling.  She rubbed her clit slightly still
remembering what she had witness earlier that morning. 

The camera was well hidden in place for her evening activity.  They had planned
it pretty good.

The phone finally ran as she left the room to answer it throwing a towel around
her waist.  Her daughter voice was on the other end.

"Marcie, I can't believe what you did to that bitch."  "Are you okay dear?"  She
asked.

Marcie started telling her what she was doing to Jennifer in the house and how
much fun she was having.  Sandra cunt started getting wet while she listened. 
She was beginning to reach down to stroke it when she heard a car drive up in
the driveway.

"Got to go honey", she told Marcie.  "Looks like my new slave is arriving." 
"Can't wait to have my turn with the bitch later."  "Bye, bye."  "Enjoy."

She hung up the phone as the doorbell rang.  Getting up with only the towel
wrapped around her she walked over and opened it.

Mr. Van Horn, John, stared at the brown skin body in disbelief and lust.

"Come on in sugar," Sandra said, turning her back to him and swaying her hips as
she walked to give him a good view.

"Hope you don't mind."  "I just got out the tub and haven't had time to get
dress."  She lied.

John eagerly told her he didn't and she felt his stare at her ass as they walked
in the living room and she took a seat on the sofa.  Crossing her legs, she gave
him a good view of her large thighs and could see the reddening of his face as
he focused on them.  Loosening her towel slightly, her large tit tops was
exposed.

John finally found his voice as he took a seat opposite and started talking
about the policy and struggling with his words.  His sight was totally on her
thighs as she enjoyed his stare. 

This man had been sex starved she thought as she watched him staring at her
thighs.  He was going to be easy to tame.  Much, much earlier than she had
imagined.  There wasn't much need to prolong it since he oblivious was obsessed
by his stare.  She could see the large bulge in his trousers as he was now
trying to get his words out with little success.

"Mr. Van Horn." she yelled out loud.  "How dare you get a hard on looking at my
legs?"

John nearly fell back in the chair in surprise.  He knew his cock was about to
explode and her voice totally took him by surprise.

"A married man looking trying to mentally rape me," she continued.  "I aught to
put your white butt over my lap this minute and spank it."  "You pervert."

John sat quiet and shaken.  He had fantasized for weeks of this dark skin beauty
and now his fantasy was being played out in front of him.  He gasped for air and
words.  Finally, he spoke, lowering his head.

Yes mam.

"That's yes mistress to you boy," Sandra yelled playing her role perfect.  "Get
your butt up and get those clothes off this minute."  "I'm not going to wear my
hand out on your worthless butt while it's covered."

John didn't hesitate.  He immediately got up and unbuckled his pants dropping
them to the floor and then unbuttoning his chair letting it fall.  His shoes
quickly slid off as he stepped out of his pants.  His cock was sticking straight
out in his jockey shorts for her amusement.

Too damn easy, Sandra thought.  Why hadn't she done this earlier?  The man was
probably a wimp and Jennifer had probably been fucking his ass.  She was getting
wet looking at his budge.

"Well, what are you waiting for?"  "Didn't I tell you to get naked white boy,"
she yelled out as angry as she could be.

John quickly dropped his shorts as his cock sprung straight out at her.  His
face was totally red but he made no effort to cover his cock with his hand. 
Sandra knew he was now hers to own as she let the towel open exposing her tits
and cunt to his view and watched as he gasped in surprise and lust at the sight.

"Don't just stand there."  "Get your butt over my lap now and I'm going to show
you what your mother should have done years before," she yelled.

John knees seem to shake as she watched him walk over and slowly got across her
broad thighs.  His cock was jutting out between her thighs as she closed them on
it and noticed his moans of delight at the pleasure.

"I think 50 on a big white ass like yours should be enough to warm it up."  She
told him slapping his right ass cheek.

Ohh.  John yelled.

Ohhh.  Ohhhh.

Sandra was enjoying the sight of his white ass globes wobbling in her lap with
each spank.  His ass started squirming as more and more blows were delivered to
it in succession. 

"Please no more mistress," John begged.  "It hurts."

"You bet its going to hurt."  "You pervert."  Sandra yelled. "When I get through
with your white ass you want be able to see for a week."

Sandra could feel his cum leaking down her thighs and knew the bastard was
trying to get off.  She laid the remaining blows as hard and fast as she could
on his ass just to prevent it.  He was yelling and cussing as she pushed him off
his lap onto the hard floor below.

"Awhhhhh."  John yelled grabbing his ass and rubbing it while squirming on the
hard surface below.

Sandra got off the couch and stood straddling his face from above.

"Is this what you wanted to see boy?"  She asked spreading her legs wide and
giving him an excellent view of her wet cunt above."  "Bet you want me to sit on
your face."  "Don't you white boy."

John was staring at disbelief and excitement.  His cock sprang up as he laid
starting up in lust at her hairy black cunt.  He couldn't stand it.

"Please mistress," he asked.  "Please sit on my face."

"What about your wife white boy."  "She'll probably shit her pants knowing you
was begging to lick my pussy."  She taunted.

"Fuck her."  John replied.  "Sit on my face mistress."  "Let me lick your
beautiful pussy.

Sandra slowly lowered her cunt down on John face as she felt his tongue quickly
start licking up and down her clity.  This was too easy she thought enjoying the
feeling between her legs.  She knew she was getting this all on tape and
enjoying every minute of it.  She came and rubbed her cunt up and down on his
nose as he tried to tongue it longer.

"Now for the main course dearie."  She teased him getting up and then turning
around so he could see her beautiful black ass above.  Slowly she started
lowering it back down on his face.  She was only halfway down before she felt
his tongue on his asshole.

"Slower slave."  She demanded.  "Lick around the rim for a while first."

Sandra felt his tongue working around and around her anus opening and then start
working its way inside.  Her cunt was soaking wet as she rub it on his chin
while he darted his tongue in and out her asshole.  It was pure bliss to have
your asshole tongued.  It wasn't very long till she climax again.  She slowly
got up.

"Get your white ass up and call your work and tell them you're sick."  She
demanded.  "I have plans for you boy."

John quickly got up and ran over to the phone dialing his boss.  He was acting
like he had a severe cough over the phone while Sandra took behind him groping
his ass cheek in back.  As soon as he got off, she pushed a finger deep in his
asshole making him lean over the table in surprise and excitement.  She noticed
his cock springing up in excitement and his ass pushing back for the intruder as
she plunged it in and out.

"Cum white boy."  "Cum for your mistress."  She commanded knowing he was on the
verge of cumming.

"Ahhhhhh."  John screamed as his white cum shot out under the table below.

Sandra slowly withdrew her finger in triumph.  She could tell by his compulsions
that he was hers now to use anyway she wanted.

"Get down there and lick that mess up you created on the floor while I make a
phone call."  She commanded.  "It better be clean by the time I get back."

John immediately dropped down and started licking his cum spots on the floor as
Sandra walked out into the kitchen and quickly call her daughter on the phone. 
She heard Marcie voice on the other end.

"Oh hi mom" Marcie said.  "How's things over there?"

Sandra quickly started telling Marcie of her adventure with John not daring to
leave out any details.  Her cunt was getting wet again and wanted to get back to
living room as soon as possible.  When she was done, she thanked her daughter
for the idea and hung up.  Quickly, she ran back to the living room to see John
still in position with his white ass sticking straight out at her.  She rubbed
her cunt in excitement.

Meanwhile,

"Keep it up toilet face."  Marcie was saying from above sitting on the couch and
hanging up the phone. 

She had a toilet plunger in her hand and was pumping it up and down on Jennifer
poor face lying on her back on the floor below.  "My feet are still sore."

Marcie had her feet between Jennifer large breasts as the woman below was
rubbing her feet with her large boobs. 

"I might need another butt massage by your tongue soon."  She laughed rubbing
her clit.

To be continued.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





