BDSM Library - Catfight Duel




Catfight Duel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and daughter wrestling team was tired of normal wrestling and wanted to total dominate their losers.  They went on-line to find a new team to enjoy their fantasy with only to find more than they wanted.
Catfight Duo

Helen was her daughter Kathy was very wealthy and never had to work.  They
enjoyed a lot of things together and both being sexual active had tried the
lesbian scene as well as with men.  They also started taking weight lifting
courses and had tried their luck several times wrestling as a team.  They
enjoyed the later best but still were not satisfied.  After winning the bouts
they wanted to gloat and punished the losers but the referee would never allow
it.  So they went on line to try to find another mother daughter team with no
limits and the loser would have to be the other slaves for a week.  They were
really surprised when a mother, Kate and her daughter Linda, replied and
accepted the challenge.  Kate was only 2 years younger than she was and Linda
was a year younger than her daughter was.  There pictures were excellent and
both Helen and Kathy masturbated at the thought of what they would do with them. 
The drive was over 100 miles but they finally arrived and knocked at the door.

Kate answered the door and let the female couple in.  She stood there studying
the woman and her daughter admiring their bodies through their casual dresses.
Her cunt was wet with the thought of them servicing it.  She noticed they were
doing the same with her.

"My daughter and I decided to do away with formalities and get right to it". 
She said.  "You don't mind do you?"  "I can't wait to get those sweet faces of
ya in my beautiful ass."

"Not at all, honey."  The woman replied.  "I was thinking the same myself."

Helen smiled at them.  Arrogant bitches she thought.  Wait till I get their
faces in my butt.

"Well come along bitches to our game room."  She glanced back at them as they
walked in.  She wiggled her ass as she walked to give them a glimpse of what
they would be seeing later up close.  "Kathy is already there and stripped down
to her bra and panties just waiting to kick some bitch ass today."

The woman and daughter didn't say anything as they made their way in the room at
the end of the hall.  Kathy was already there in just bra and panties and
smiling at them as they entered.  She had prepared a work table on the side with
several dildos of all shapes and sizes along with paddles, cuffs, and other
items.  She rubbed her pussy through her panties several times looking at them.

Kate immediately walked to the center of the room.

"I don't see any reason to prolong this ass beating." Helen said quickly.  "We
have all agreed on the rules and my cunt needs good licking."  "So let's get
undressed so I can see what is going to belong to me soon."

The woman and daughter both watched as Helen quickly removed her shoes and
sundress throwing it to the side.  She placed her hands on her hips standing
there is only her bra and panties waiting on the woman and daughter to do the
same.

"Since you're in such a hurry to get your ass beat, I sure we can obliged you." 
Kate replied starting to remove her own dress. 

Both Kate and her daughter Linda was now in bra and panties like Helen and
Kathy.  Kathy was blowing kisses at them as they were stripping and Linda was
yelling at her what she soon would be kissing.

The rules were pretty simple.  The mothers would battle it out first with the
loser totally submitting immediately to the winner.  Helen wouldn't have it any
other way as she was thrilled at the thought of having her pussy licked while
her daughter would be beating the other girl's ass.  Since it wouldn't do much
good to have a tie, the loser daughter would have to fight afterwards with her
tits bare and tied together and a 2 foot rope attached to her ankles.  This way
the daughter would oblivious be at a disadvantage and highly unlikely she could
succeed in her bout to force a tie.  Neither side wanted a split decision.

Several shouts and cusses were made between the pairs sizing each other up and
down.  Helen meanwhile turned around and lowered her panties in front of the
couples.

"Take a good luck bitches at where your face is going to be up later."  She
commented wiggling it for good measure before pulling her panties back up. 

"Mom, I can't wait to see you shove something up that fat ass."  Linda replied
glancing at her mother with approving eyes.

"Me either."  Kate responded reaching down rubbing her own clit.  "Let's get it
on bitch."

Kate immediately walked up to Helen in the center of the make shift ring as the
women size each other up.

"Come on bitch."  Kate yelled.  "Come get your ass beat."

Helen charged at Kate; but Kate seeing her coming lifted her foot and planted it
deep in Helen stomach causing her to buckle up.  A quick kick upward sent her
backwards landing on her big butt.  Stunned momentarily, she tried to turn
around and get up with her ass pointed back towards Kate.  Big mistake.   A
quick kick to her groin and another to her ass quickly caught her totally in
surprise as she landed flat on the floor on her stomach.  She tried to get up
again but Kate never gave her a chance to catch her breath as walked over
kicking her pussy as hard as she could and then jumping quickly on her back
taking the air out of her lungs.  She screamed in pain as Kate quickly grabbed
her ankles and lifted her legs up over her back with her full weight on top. 
The pain was unbearable. 

Give up bitch, yelled Kate.

Nooooo, replied Helen grasping for air and some relief to the pain.  Her hands
were thrashing wildly from side to side trying to find something to pull or
grab.

Kathy was looking on in horror.  It had happened so fast.  They had never been
in that position before and knew her mother had little chance of getting out. 
Her own cunt was soaking wet at the start of the fight but at present she stared
out in panic.

"Do something mom."  "Knock her off" Kathy screamed trying to give her moral
support.

Helen was now cursing and crying in pain.  No matter how she tried to move the
weight on top and her ankles pinned above only made the pain shoot deeper.  Her
back felt like her spine was breaking from the weight and the backward pull. 
She knew the there was no escape.  She started begging for release. 

"No more." yell Helen crying like a baby, "I give"  "Please."

"I can't hear you slut."  "Did you save you are going to be my slave bitch?"

Yes.

"Yes, what?"  Kate pressed on pulling the legs even more over her head.

"Yes mistress, please, please."  "I'm your slave."  "No more."  Helen whined
out.

Letting go of her feet as they collapse limp on the floor, Kate grabbed a
handful of Helen hair and lifted her up to her feet facing her and delivered a
several punches to her stomach and then kicked between the legs causing Helen to
scream out in pain and placed both hands on her cunt rubbing it.

"Disobey me for one instance and this will be a lot worse."  Kate remarked
slapping her face.  "Understand."

"Yes mistress." Helen cried trying to rub her brutally assaulted cunt.

"Pull those panties all the way down and bend over slut," said Kate roughly
grabbing her arm and turning her around facing the girls.

Helen removed her panties and bent over with her ass pointed towards the girls
as Kate insisted.  Kate moved behind and spread her ass as wide as she could. 
Her puckered asshole was spread for the girls to see.

"Oh yes you were right." "I'm going to love to own your big ass slut."  She
gloated, spreading it even wider till Helen begged her to quit.  "Linda would
you please get me one of those dildo on the table there so I can show my new
slut what that nasty ass of hers was really begging for earlier."

Kathy was watching the whole ordeal still frozen in place.  She never even
imagined this could happen.  They had never been beat and her mother had
destroyed all her previous opponents.  Her throat had a lump in it as she
watched Linda go over and pick out the biggest dildo on the table and bring it
back to her mother.  Helen was pleading for mercy shuffling from foot to foot as
Kate took the dildo from Linda.

"I got something for this big fat ass of yours alright."  Kate yelled and
started working it in roughly in her asshole.

"You were right slut." She said. "I'm getting all horny looking at that dirty
asshole of yours."  "Now wiggle that piggy ass of yours and tell me to shove it
all the way in."

Helen in pain some the earlier fight had little resistance left as she started
the humiliating task of wiggling her ass and begging her mistress to shove the
monster up her asshole.  She screamed in pain as the dildo was worked into her
tight butt hole till it was firmly implanted.  She almost fell down in agony
howling out I pain.  Kate gave her several slaps on her ass cheeks as she wormed
about.

"Get on the floor bitch and crawl around the ring while I watch that slut
daughter of yours get her big ass kicked like yours."  Kate commanded giving a
hard spank on the dildo to get her going.  "Bark while you crawl unless you want
me to shove it all the way in so you want be able to shit for a week."

Kathy in panic was holding her tits and wet pussy as she watched Linda
approached smiling.  She had been as horny as her mother when Helen and Linda
had entered the house and now realized they were going to win and what was going
to happen.  Linda was yelling at her to drop the bra and was showing her several
ropes she had collected on the bench.  There wasn't any choice but to fight. 
There wasn't anywhere else could go and if she got lucky, maybe she could win
and force a rematch.

She slowly started removing her bra exposing her nice rounded smaller tits to
the other girl.

Linda smilingly walked over and started wrapping the rope around her smaller
breasts and tying the two closely together, Kathy thought she was going to cut
them in half as Linda was showing no mercy.  Linda then dropped down and started
attaching the two foot piece of rope to her ankles as Kathy watched in horror. 
Linda was smiling at her as she faced her explaining how she normally beat her
mother ass and was looking forward to a new slut toy.  She glanced at her own
mother still crawling on the floor crying and barking with a large dildo shoved
up her ass.  Her mind was panicking in fear.

Linda gave her a quick slap on her ass and demanded she get in the ring.  They
had barely walked to the center before Linda was trying to kick her pussy and
punch her tits.  Kathy tried to fight back with kicks and punches of her own but
her tits made great targets as Linda was punching them freely and kicking her
with little resistance.  Her tits were badly bruised and her cunt were burning
from the kicks. She tried to turn to the side and throw out from kicks but Linda
was to fast hitting her in the side of the stomach and then smashing her tits
with several side shots.  She knew she was doomed and tried running away to
avoid any more onslaughts.  Linda was too fast however and caught up grabbing
her long blond hair.  She started slapping her face and punching her stomach
till she just stood there crying and begging.  A quick hard kick to her pussy
drove her to her knees pleading for her to stop and begging to be her slave. 
Linda lifted her foot to her nose and told her to lick it while she decided how
to shove it in her ass.

Kate meanwhile, was watching and horny as hell.  She walked over and got on
crawling Helen back and started slapping her ass in rapid motions.  Helen was
lost between barking and begging as she continued her pace crying in shame and
humiliation.  When they got to the middle of the room, Kate pulled her hair back
and told her to stop and got off.  She walked in front of her and looked back
smiling removed her panties.  Then she reached back and spread her ass wide in
front of Helen face.

"Put that wagging tongue of yours in here bitch."  "Get that big mouth of your
in my ass now and clean it out."

Helen crawled forward still crying and pushed her face in Kate big ass crack.

While Helen was licking her asshole, Kate glanced back at Linda who now had
Kathy lying on her belly and her big toe shoved up her asshole and pushing in
and out.  Kathy was crying and telling her what a slut she was and what she
would do for her mistress.  Kate enjoyed the tongue up her asshole as she
thought about how it had taken only 30 minutes to subdue the sluts.  She started
rubbing her pussy as she thought how it was good it was going to feel when she
turn around and shove Helen face in it.  She didn't think too long; however, as
she was hot as hell.  She stood back up and turned around. 

Helen with her tongue finally removed from her ass offer no resistance as Kate
grabbed her behind the head and pounded her face in her cunt.

"Eat cunt, bitch."  Kate demanded.

Linda meanwhile was enjoying her own pleasure as she now had Kathy on her back
flat on the floor with her ass planted on her face receiving her own ass
licking.  To stress her point she was pulling at Kathy sore and redden tits
causing her to scream underneath her ass cheeks in pain.  Her feet was thrashing
wildly as Linda finally moved her ass back so that her cunt was on her mouth. 
When they both finally came, they had no trouble getting cuffs on their new
slaves hands and feet as they lay gasping for air on the cold mat.

"Time to spank our sluts' asses." Said Kate smiling at both Helen and Linda
lying on the floor begging.  "Linda why don't you take big ass here while I
handle that tight ass cunt you have."

Linda was more than willing as she reached down grabbing poor Helen by the hair
and dragging her over to her own couch.  Kate followed behind with Linda
screaming behind her.  Neither of them had a chance to get away as they were
both but over the laps of their captives awaiting the next ordeal.

"Time to learn who's the new boss in this house." Said Kate laughing.  She
started spanking Kathy tight ass over her lap while Linda was already slapping
Helen large ass.  Counting was out of the question as the spanks were laid on
the butts in a hurry and both women was screaming, kicking, crying and begging
for mercy.  Their asses were bright red by the time Kate stopped and watch as
Linda finished Helen big blistered ass.  They made them thank their mistresses
for beating their fat asses and tell them what a slut pig they were.

"I don't think these worthless cunts will be much trouble tonight." Kate laughed
pushing Linda off her lap on the hard floor below.  She yelled in pain as she
fell on her face and stomach.  Linda couldn't resist it either doing the same
with the bigger Kate.

"Suck and lick our feet while we figure out what to do with pig faces like ya." 
Kate demanded putting her feet forward.  "I'm going to really enjoy this
vacation."

Both Helen and Kathy was quick to comply as neither could afford another beating
at the moment.  They suck and licked the women feet up and down for a good
twenty minutes as Kate and Linda played with their cunts enjoying a nice climax. 
They had to lick their cunts clean afterwards while both Kate and Linda talked
about how they were going to enjoy using their tongues, wearing their clothes,
and having them serve them throughout the day.  Later they were to ride them
around the house and show them all the things they would enjoy this week as the
mother and daughter team lapped faster and faster on their clits.

"I know what these sluts need."  Linda said pushing Kathy back and getting up
off the couch.  She walked out the room towards the game room and came back with
two strap-on dildos.

Both Helen and Kathy gasped in horror at the sight of Linda holding each of them
up above her head.

"Oh yes."  Kate laughed.  "And to think they brought it just for us."  "Naughty
little bitches."  "Guess we can have some more fun before we put them to work."

Kate got up taking one of the strap-on started to attach it around her waist and
cunt while Linda was doing the same.  They looked down at the two crying slaves
sitting on their knees below.  Their faces were covered with their cum and their
hair was trussed wildly.  Fear showed as they walked over to the naked and
helpless pair.

Gripping crying Helen by the hair, Kate forced her head to the floor and ass in
back up.  She pulled the dildo out of her ass as she yelled and shoved it with
one quick motion up her pussy.  She told her to get ready because her cock was
going in her fat ass the same way.  Linda was receiving much the same treatment,
but when the command to turn around and present her ass was given, she tried to
crawl away only to receive several kicks in her pussy before she stopped for the
inevitable and bent over.  The winners took no mercy, shoving their cocks in the
loser's assholes and enjoying them begging and yelling in pain.  Kate and Linda
started to discuss their plans for the week for their new bitches.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





