BDSM Library - She's My Bitch Now




She's My Bitch Now
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Boss's Ex-wife and daughter shows up at work one day to make his secretary and him into their personal bitches.
She's My Bitch Now

Tina despised Jason daughter Angie.  She was a 19 year-old spoiled kid.

Tina had been Jason secretary and assistant for two years now, helping him from
the agency and getting the business up and running.  Both had gotten wealthy off
the deal even through they did a few shady deals on the side.  She had been
fucking him regularly now for months and hoping he would marry her soon.  Today,
however, his brat kid had returned from college and announced she was staying
home for a while.  She came in that evening with his ex-wife Loran whom she
hated just as much.  Ignoring her, they told her to hold all calls as they
walked in which irritated her even more.

Damn, when she marries him she'll have to figure out some way of cutting off
their alimony.  Arrogant bitches, she thought

An hour passed by and she heard strange noises in the office but ignored it and
went about her normal calls.  Finally a call came from Jason, asking her to come
in immediately as she put down her work and entered the office.

When she entered, Jason was standing totally nude in the center.  He had a dildo
shoved up his red ass and Angie was standing beside him hitting it with a ruler.  
She was calling him whore and bitch slapping his ass with each call.

"Good of you to join us," said Loran smiling nude in Jason desk chair.  "Come on
in." 

Tina didn't know what to do as she froze looking at the scene before her.  Never
in her life could she ever imagine this.

"You can come closer," said loran.  "After all, you've have been fucking him for
months now and don't he look so cute with his ass stuffed.  By the way, I know
of all the money you and him have been putting aside in several bank accounts. 
My attorney said I have enough to put both of your away for 20 years.  Wouldn't
that be exciting?  It really turns me on just thinking about you being someone's
bitch in prison."

Tina turned and looked at Loran.

"That wasn't my idea," she pleaded.  "It was your husband.  I just went along
with it."

That's not what my attorneys said," Loran continued.  "They say you signed as
many of the documents as he did.  Personally, I would rather send you up to jail
for twenty years but Angie says you would make her one fine bitch to play with. 
Jason has already agreed to be mine and I do believe he is enjoying it by the
sight of his cock.  Don't you think?"

Tina turned and looked with pity at Jason and saw his cock was as hard as she
had ever seen it.  He was in tears and the beating had stopped but his hard-on
was unmistaken proof that he had enjoyed it.  She tried to think fast to find a
way out of this.

"Oh, don't worry.  Loran pointed out.  "We have copies and photos of everything. 
If I don't call by 3 today a warrant will be issued.  Of course, we won't show
them cute Jason copies since he's going to be such a good little pet for me. 
Aren't you Jason slut dear?"

"Yes, mistress. I am your slut.  Please let me cum mistress."  Jason screamed
out.

"Not yet slut.  You can cum only when I chose."  Loran laughed. 

Loran turned back to Tina stoned eyed.  "What will it be slut.  Jail or Angie
bitch?  She came in the car just thinking of spanking that fat ass of yours."

Tears were forming in Tina eyes as she took still.

"Angie wouldn't you like to see your bitch naked like the slut she is?"  Loran
asked.

"Strip bitch," said Angie walking up to her as she shook in fear of her
approached.  "Either strip or get your ass out of here for jail.  You're my
bitch now."

Tina was shaking in fear.  She was totally ashamed to be talked to this way by a
19-year-old brat but at the same time she didn't want to go to jail.  But submit
to this brat.  She wasn't a lesbian.

Slap.

Tina faced stunned from Angie slap across her right cheek.

"I say strip bitch."  Tina bluntly pointed out.

Fearing for her safety, Tina slowly started removing her clothes starting with
her blouse and skirt and then her bra.  The brat was smiling at her as her hands
were shaking trying to decide if she would drop her panties.

Slap.  Her face took another slap on the same spot and she lowered her panties
as fast as she could and stood before her.

"I can see why Dad was fucking you now," Angie said smiling and looking her up
and down.  "He has always likes cows with big tits and asses."

The words stunned and Tina tried to look away but a quick slap with the ruler on
her tit had her yelling and grabbing it.  Damn, it hurt as she gripped it in her
palm.  The brat had hit it.

"Turn around and bent over bitch."  Angie spoke holding the ruler up to get her
point across.

Tina turned around still holding her tit and bent over presenting her large ass
to the mercy of the brat.

"Yep, Dad cock has been there all right," Angie laughed as Tina face turned red. 
"Do you like it when he fucks your butt, bitch?"

Tina didn't answer as the ruler came down hard on her ass several times.

"Yes, yes.  Yes Angie."  She responded quickly.

"My name is mistress to you bitch."  Angie stated.

"Yes mistress.  I enjoy his cock in my ass."  Tina cried out.

"Good.  Dad come here.  Fuck my bitch in the ass one last time for me."  Angie
demanded.

Tina was in tears as she felt Jason walk over and put his penis at the entrance
of her asshole.  She had felt it there before several times but never in front
of witnesses.  As it entered she tired to relax her anus muscles to adjust to
it.   At first the pain was rough due to his new size and she wasn't wet enough
to ease it in.  Finally, it eased it way in and she started to relax and get
used to it.  Her own cunt was getting wet despite her humiliation.

"Fuck it hard," demanded Angie slapping Jason ass with the ruler.

Jason started pushing it in and out a lot faster than normal as Tina tried to
maintain her balance.  It hurt this time instead of normal pleasant feeling she
usually got, but despite herself, she was getting wet between her legs anyway. 
Soon she was pushing back against the intruder to meet his thrusts.

Loran had gotten up and was standing next to her watching the scene as both
Jason and Tina was both starting to moan.

"If you come without permission," she said to Jason, "I'll have to punish you
again.  Do you understand?"

She walked in front of Tina and bent over.  Spreading her ass she looked back at
Tina fearful face.

"I got something special for you sugar," she said.  "Lick it good."

She pushed her ass back till Tina face was buried in it.  Tina nose was being
pushed hard in her ass by Jason trusts in back and the large ass in front
smothering her face.  A hard slap with the ruler on her ass and she started
licking the smelly asshole.  The thrust in back was causing her tongue to go in
despite her best efforts to lick the entrance. 

"Lick harder slut."  Angie said hitting her again on her ass cheek with the
ruler.

Tina started pushing her tongue deeper and deeper as she desperately tried to
please Loran.  She felt Jason shot his cum up her asshole as Angie yelled to her
mother what he did.

Loran pushed her ass back on Tina face and then stood up and walked behind her
to where Jason was standing looking downcast.

"Did my little pussy slut cum in that nasty asshole without permission?"  She
asked.

"Please mistress, I couldn't help it. It won't happen again.  Please."  Jason
was crying.

"Too late slut.  Get on your knees and clean that asshole now.  I will punish
you later."  Loran demanded.

Jason removed his limp cock from Tina ass as she gasped in relief.  Quickly he
got on his knees and started cleaning his cum from her asshole.  Tina was close
to cumming herself and the tongue was driving her wild.  She felt herself
explode in orgasm.

"Looks like my bitch can't obey either," said Angie smiling at Loran.

Loran grabbed Jason by the hair dragging him on his knees over to the desk
chair.  He pleaded all the way for mercy as she sat down and pulled him over her
lap. 

"Bad little slut," she said, slapping his dildo in his ass.  "Time for your
punishment."  She started slapping his redden ass with her palm as he cried and
begged to be forgiven.

Tina watched his flight in horror as she remained bent over.  Her attention was
diverted back to her own situation as she heard Angie voice.

"Look likes you can drive a truck up your ass bitch.  Time for your punishment." 
Angie smiled down at her.

Tina waved her hands wildly as the ruler started striking her ass.  The pain was
horrid as she tried to protect her ass with her hand only to have them hit by
the ruler causing more pain.  She started begging and pleading with the brat as
she fell down on her hands and knees in tears.

When Tina was crying hysterically, Angie finally quit.

"Who's bitch are you now slut?"  Angie demanded.

"Your bitch Mistress Angie.  I am your bitch," cried Tina.

"Lick my feet bitch."  Angie commanded.

Tina crawled around and started licking Angie feet.  She feared the ruler the
brat had and didn't want to feel it again.  She started working on her toes
sucking on each toe and putting it in her mouth.  Her ass was on fire but the
toe licking was getting her wet again.  She thought she was going crazy.  Jason
crying in the background had stop and she could hear Loran commanding him to
service her beautiful ass.

"Does my bitch want to face fuck my ass?"  Angie asked.

Angie voice was demanding and Tina dared not displease her.

"Yes mistress.  Bitch wants to lick your ass."  She replied.

Angie turned around and presented her tight small ass to Tina face giving her an
eye view of her exposed asshole.  Tina started licking her globes and then
started working her tongue between the mounds as she started getting more and
more excited.  Maybe this wouldn't be as bad as she thought as she worked her
tongue in her asshole and then started using it as a small cock as the mounds
smothered her face.

"That's a good bitch.  You always were such a brown noser.  Now fuck my ass with
your tongue bitch."  Angie directed her.

Tina started probing her asshole faster and faster as the girl was started to
get off on it.  She felt her whole body shake in front of her and knew she had
an orgasm from her tonguing.  She felt strange that she enjoyed the thought of
making her cum.  She continued to probe till Angie stepped away leaving her on
her knees with her tongue wagging out her mouth.

"Honey," said Loran.  "I'm going to take Jason slut home with me.  Do you want
to come?"

"I'll take a taxi, mom."  Angie replied.  "Right now I'm going to take my bitch
walking down the street.  Put your skirt and blouse on bitch and nothing else. 
Leave the top two buttons undone."

Tina got up and put on her blouse and skirt.  Angie came behind her and grabbed
her ass cheek.

"Come on bitch."  She laughed.  "It's going to be so much fun walking you around
with my hand holding your ass and your tits hanging out.  Should raise at least
a few eyebrows.  Don't forget to say mistress if I ask you something.  I hate to
spank your ass in public."

Tina started walking out the door with Angie holding a tight grip on her ass
cheek.  She knew her face was beet red and her skirt had wet spots already.  She
prayed they wouldn't see someone she knew or stop anywhere.  A grown woman being
led by a teenage girl by her ass would certainly raise some attention.  She kept
walking as straight as she could hoping that Angie was bluffing.  When they
stepped out of the building, she found out that she was dead serious as the grip
got tighter and she started to walk funny.  Several people were looking as she
tried to avoid their stares hoping they wouldn't stop.  They walked a good 5
blocks before Angie decided she was hungry and stopped at a hotdog stand.

She ordered two hotdogs.  One she ordered with everything on it and one without
bun and mustard only.  Tina stood in panic as the guy prepared them looking at
her throughout the ordeal.  When he gave them to her, Angie told her to go to
the restroom and put the hotdog in her pussy and then return. 

Tina in total humiliation walked with the hotdog into the restroom knowing that
several people had noticed.  She found a stall and started working the mustard
covered wiener up her pussy till it was all the way in and then back out to
Angie.

"Good little bitch.  Nice and squashy in your hot twat I bet.  Time to get a
taxi."  Angie teased.

Angie led her outside as she tried to keep from smashing the dog more in her
cunt.  She was horny as hell.  She didn't care if anyone watch her at all that
moment as she followed her young mistress out into the sideway like a dog
follows his master.  When the taxi arrived, she had to open the door for her
mistress and keep her legs tight together as she got in afterwards.  The taxi
driver was a female to Angie delight and she whispered in Tina ear.

"Spread your legs wide bitch."  She demanded.

She loosened her Tina's blouse so breasts could be displayed to the driver in
front.  Tina nervously spread her legs and tried to prevent the dog from
sprawling out on the floor of the vehicle.  She noticed the lady driving the cab
continually looking back through the rear view mirror at her as she tried to
look out the side in order to hide.

"Do you like my new bitch?"  Angie asked the driver.  "She's such a slut."

Tina was shocked to hear Angie ask the driver about her.  Her face turned 10
colors of red.

"She definitely looks like a slut to me," replied the cab driver.  "What's
between her legs?"

"Just a hotdog.  She can't decide which hole to stuff, her mouth or her pussy. 
Do you want to play with her?  She loves a good butt spanking.  Turns her on." 
Angie continued.

"Can I really?"  The taxi driver asked in excitement.

"Sure just pull over in an alley somewhere."  Angie suggested.

Tina was shaking from the humiliation as she tried to avoid eyesight with each
of the ladies.  She saw the cab pull in a long narrow passageway between several
old empty buildings and feared for the worst.  There was a large trash container
at the end.

"Slut," said Angie, "go open the top lid on that trash can and put your head in
it and raise your dress.  This kind lady is going to help you with a good ass
beating.  Isn't that nice of her.  Now get moving."

"Yes mistress," replied Tina very softly as she opened the taxi door and
proceeded to the container.  Moving the lid sideways, she put her head inside
and lifted her skirt up exposing her white bare ass to the ladies and her pussy
soaking in mustard and dog.  She no longer had any shame to hide.

"Bet you can't spank her enough to get the dog to pop out," laughed Angie.

"Watch me," replied the lady taxi driver, opening the taxi door.  "I'm going to
give her an ass whipping she'll remember for quiet a while."

Tina could hear the taxi lady approaching from behind.  She was shaking in fear
but at the same time her cunt was getting soaking wet in anticipation.  She felt
her hands roaming on her ass cheek and then its withdrawal.  She breathe a quiet
sigh of relief only to jump in pain as the hand hit her butt.   She knew better
than to let the hot dog come out of her pussy as Angie had warned her before she
got fully out the vehicle.  The next hit was just as hard as her face buried in
the trash to keep from yelling.  More and more the hits came till Tina was
practically trying to climb in the trash can.  Finally she felt her pussy lips
expand and the hot dog slipped out in one quick motion from her cunt.  At the
present, she didn't care as the pain in her ass was too much to bare any longer.  
The driver was laughing at the sight and stepped back to admired her work.  Tina
was totally embarrassed but relieved that she had quit hitting her.

"You better get back to your mistress slut," the woman said patting her ass.  "I
think she has plans for you later."

Tina slowly worked her way out of the dump and lowered her skirt.  Quietly she
walked back to the taxi where everyone was waiting.  Angie had a severe look on
her face as she arrived and told her to strip before entering the car.  Removing
all her clothes, she stood there standing till Angie got out and tied her hands
behind her back with her own blouse.  The taxi lady had some rope in the trunk
and let Angie have it to tie around her neck.  Angie gave the lady all the money
Tina had in her purse.  She told her it was her reward and sluts didn't need
money anyway.  Leading her in the taxi nude, she just sat as they started
driving again.  Her worst fears came when Angie told the driver they were a mile
from the house and they could walk the rest.

Pulling Tina out the car, Angie asked the driver her name and promised to call
her next time they needed a ride.  Every through the neighborhood was a wealthy
lot, Tina could still see houses nearby and hope no one was looking as Angie
started pulling her by the rope on the neck with her meekly following behind
with no way to cover herself up.  She kept her head down hoping no one would see
her and if so wouldn't recognize her.  The sidewalk was hot as she tried to keep
her feet from burning by walking in different strides and stands.  She knew
Angie was thoroughly enjoying her humiliation by taking her time and often
pulling downward on the rope so her head would have to drop and prop her ass
upwards in back.  At present, she didn't care as long as they got to that house
soon.

An elderly woman was checking her mail as they passed to Tina horror as she
tired to look away.  She expected the lady to call the police but instead she
said hi to Angie.

"Hi, Mrs. Woods," replied Angie.  "Do you like my new bitch?"

"Oh Angie, she sure is cute."  The woman replied.  "You'll have to bring her
over some time so I can have some fun with her.  That sissy slut of mine isn't
much fun.  He does everything I tell him now like your mother said he would.  I
like the breaking in a lot better.  Now I just have to spank him for the fun of
it."

"Mother always said that was the best part," Angie laughed.  "I'll bring her
over something after I teach her some manners."

"Thank you Angie, I'll see you later then."  Mrs. Woods said smiling.

Tina had looked away throughout the conversation.  How perverted was this
neighborhood she thought as she felt the tug from Angie pull.  The thought of
having to service that elderly lady was totally discussing to her and she would
have figure out a way of getting out of it without displeasing her mistress. 
She was still thinking as Angie pulled the rope almost to her knee causing her
ass to shift high in the air and she heard a whistle from Mrs. Woods.

Angie laughed.  "Mrs. Woods loves to shove things in her husband ass.  She'll
like yours a lot I bet."

Tina tried to keep up especially after meeting Mrs. Woods.  She was so glad when
they finally came to the large estate and made it up to the doorway.  Angie rang
the bell and the door opened to revealed Jason standing there nude.  He had a
cord wrapped around his balls with a large dangling weight attached to it
dropping almost to his knees.  He greeted each of them and asked if Miss Angie
needed a pussy or ass licking.  Angie just ignore him and walked past dragging
Tina with her.  Tina glanced at Jason stretched balls and knew the weight must
have been killing him.

"Hi grandma," Tina called out.

Tina glanced up to see an older overweight lady in her 60s walking in the room
towards them.  She yelled at Jason to come over and lick her cunt who quickly
ran over dropping to his knees working her clit with his tongue.

"I always knew this worthless son-in-law was good for something."  Grandma told
Angie.  "I see you have a new bitch.  You have to let me play with her sometime. 
I haven't had a bitch in years now and I love to paint their faces up just
before I sit on there faces and grind my ass and cunt in their mouths."

Tina almost died from the thought of having to service the older fat woman as
she tried to turn away.  The thought of her big ass on her face was making her
stomach turn.

"Your mother has prepared the room like you wanted."  Grandma told Angie.  "She
said to just come on up."  "I think she wants to watch."

Grandma was starting to really shove her cunt in Jason face and Tina knew she
was close to cumming on his mouth.  She felt her leash being pulled again as
Angie led her up a large stairway and then a hallway till they came to a small
room on the end.  Angie opened the door and Tina caught a glimpse of what looked
like a small dungeon as whips and other objects were hanging everywhere.  She
was led to a chair in the middle of the room that had a small thin dildo
sticking up in the center. 

"Thought you would never make it," Loran said smiling at Tina's pitiful face. 
"Got everything positioned as you wanted."

"Bitch, sit your ass on that dildo."  Angie demanded turning Tina around with
her butt facing it.  The dildo was not nearly as big as Jason cock so Tina
quickly lowered her butt finding her asshole and started working it down the
slim cock.  Angie started tying her feet to each leg of the chair while Loran
worked tying her hands to the back of it.  She was now complete immobilized as
sat on her plug wondering what was going to happen next.  She watch Angie pick
up a remote device and press a button.

"What the hell."  Tina said not thinking. 

The dildo in her asshole was growing as she started panicking as her asshole
began to widen with it.

"No, please mistress," she begged as it was really starting to get uncomfortable
fast.  "No more mistress.  I'll be your good little bitch.  Let me prove it and
tongue your beautiful asshole and cunt.  Please stop, mistress." 

Angie let it get slightly larger enjoying Tina pleads before letting her finger
off the button.

"I think my bitch is really comfortable now on her throne," she told Loran who
was massaging her cunt watching Tina discomfort.  "I think I'm going to play
with those huge cow jugs of hers."

Tina watched as Angie approached and straddle her legs sat down on her thighs
driving the dildo deeper in her asshole.  She moaned from the pain as Angie
grabbed her large boobs and started groping them.

"Ohhh, Anhhhh."  Tina moaned as her boobs were being pulled, tugged, and
twisting.  Angie was enjoying her masterly of them making sure Tina felt each
and everything she did.

"Dad could always pick the bitches with the largest cow jugs, Angie laughed
grabbing each nipple and pulling upwards quickly on them.  Tina yelled out in
pain and begged her to let them go only to have Angie drop them and she yelled
in pain again.  She wondered if the sadistic little brat would ever get tired of
abusing her body.

"See how excited she is, Angie told Loran.  "Her nips are sticking out just
begging for me to play with them some more."

Tina felt Angie get up and signed with relief as the weight on her thighs was
removed and pain in her asshole lessened.  She opened her eyes to see Angie
coming back over with a hairbrush in her hand.  She didn't realized what she was
going to do till she felt her grab one of her tits roughly out and then started
rubbing her nipple with the brush.

"Ahhhhhhh.  Please.  Ahhhhhhh."  Tina yelled out in pain.  "Please"

Angie ignored her and grabbed the other repeating the procedure as Tina yelled
out in pain and begged for mercy.

"Don't forget her hot cunt."  Loran yelled out rubbing her clit in rapid
movements.

"Noooooooo" yelled Tina screaming from her raw nipple abuse.  "Please no
mistress.  Let me lick your pussy."

Angie slid the brush down to Tina cunt and started rubbing the bristles on it. 
Tina was going wild in pain.

"My bitch is only going to get hot pleasing me.  Ain't she?  Tina asked stroking
the abuse cunt with again.  "Not my wimpy dad?"

"Yessssss mistress,"   Tina yelled out.  "I'm your bitch mistress.  Fuck the
wimp.  Let me please you. I'm tongue your ass, pussy, anything.  Please stop."

Loran had just climaxed and was laughing at Tina agony.  Angie got up removing
the brush from Tina bush while Tina was trying to clink her thighs together to
rub her sore pussy.

"I don't believe she really means it," Loran pointed out.  "Why don't you have
her lick your ass while you walk around the room on her knees?"

Angie agreed as the two ladies untied Tina from the chair and let the air out of
the dildo in her asshole.  Tina went limp trying to ease the pain in all her
private areas.  They gave her a moment only to relax before the next command.

"Get on your knees bitch and put your lovely face in my butt, "Angie demanded. 
"I expect to be fully cleaned and ass massaged by the time I get down walking."

Tina didn't dare to disobey the crazy women as she immediately go behind Angie
and dropped to her knees.  She pushed her face in her ass and started lapping
her tender tight asshole.  Angie started walking slowly as she tried to keep up
on her knees lapping the tiny bud.  She felt a couple of kicks on her ass but
she dared not remove her face from the buttocks around it.  Her knees were raw
and she ached all over.  She could hear Angie telling her mother that from now
on she would be her private secretary because she was such a good ass licker. 
She ignored their disgusting comments totally absorbed in doing a good job on
her tiny butt hole.

"Remember, you promise grandma a turn," Loran told her.

"I know," Angie replied.  "I'll let her have a turn later.  Right now I'm busy
with her." 

Angie reached back and started slapping the sides of her ass making them press
against Tina face cheeks as she licked.

"Whose bitch are you?"  She asked again.

"Yours Mistress Angie," Tina yelled from below.  "Only yours mistress"

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





