BDSM Library - Office Turnaround




Office Turnaround
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young black employee turns the tables on her older bitch employer and a fellow white secretary who was always telling on her.
Office Turnaround

Nadine heard the intercom come on.

"Nadine when Kate gets here, send her to my office immediately."  Mrs. Jackson
voice rang out.  "In the meantime, prepare a check for her for the rest of this
week."  "I don't think we'll need her services anymore around here."

Nadine smiled as the intercom went off.   It was only a small design office run
by Mrs. June Jackson, Nadine boss and a true real bitch, but the thought of Kate
getting fired was really exciting news.  She and Kate didn't get along at all
from the start and half the time the black girl was off running around shopping
or chasing guys instead of working.  She deserved it.  She thought.  The pay was
above average and Nadine knew it was going to hurt Kate to lose it.

It was several minutes before Kate finally showed up as Nadine smiled at her and
told her that Mrs. Jackson wanted to see her immediately.  She grabbed her purse
and decided to get some lunch while the young bitch gets her ass booted out by
the old hag inside.  She smiled as she watched Kate enter the room as she
continued out the front door.   This is going to be a nice day after all she
thought heading to the nearby cafe.

After dinner, Nadine returned to her office to finish her normal daily work
expecting to see Kate desk empty.  Instead her purse was still sitting on it. 
She took her seat wondering what was taking so long.  Surely it didn't take an
hour to fire someone.  She was startled as the intercom came on.

"Nadine, you are to come into my office immediately," she heard June voice
slightly stained.

Nadine stood up and tried to regain her composure.  That's bitch must have told
something on me, she thought.  Well she'll set it straight.  She opened the door
to Mrs. Jackson office and almost fainted as she stared in disbelief in front of
her.

June was totally naked and bent over grabbing her ankles with her large ass
pointed out toward Nadine view.  There were several red marks all across the
white globes and Kate was sitting in her chair beside her with a large ruler in
her hand smiling.  She watched as Kate pulled the ruler back and slammed it hard
on June big butt.

Owllllll.

June wiggled her ass wildly to the side and yell back.  "Thank you mistress." 
"Spank my big bobo again please."

Nadine would have laughed at the sight if it was anyone else other than Kate.  A
chill ran down her spine as she watched her slap June wide ass again with the
ruler with the same result.

"Natty dear," she heard Kate say as she turned toward her.  "We've had a change
of management here."  "I'm your new boss and the slut here is your new
coworker."  She watched as Kate put the ruler down and grabbed a pencil from the
desk.  She slapped June red marked ass with her other palm.

"Spread you big bobo, dearie."  She demanded.  "I need a pencil holder."

June reached back and grabbing her round globes spread her cheeks wide apart as
Nadine saw her asshole stretched between the mounds.  The pencil quickly made
its way two thirds up her shit hole.

Nadine was getting excited herself at the sight of June humiliation but at the
same time feared what Kate may be planning next.  She didn't' know what she must
have gotten on June; but whatever is was, it must have been a whopper.

"Let me explain the new rules," Kate said turning back to face Nadine like a
queen on a new throne.  "From now on, I am your new boss and you will do exactly
what I tell you and whatever I tell you."  "Otherwise, you can go home and never
come back."  She smiled as she made the last point.

Nadine stood there stunned by the turn of events but her own cunt was running
from the sight she had just witness.  Only, if it wasn't Kate she kept thinking.
"
"Well bitch," Kate yelled.  Strip for your new boss or get your butt out of my
office."

Nadine couldn't afford to lose this job.  She had too many bills at present and
creditors lining up at her door.  She decided to play along for now till she
could figure something else.  Besides her cunt was itching to be rubbed.  She
slowing removed her blouse and shirt.  Next she lowered her bra and panties as
stood in front of Kate with her hands over her cunt.

"Not to bad for whore such as you," she heard Kate say, as she turned red in
humiliation.  "Now come over her and fuck the slut ass with the pencil."

Nadine didn't have to be told twice as her hands was already rubbing her cunt
from being naked in front of Kate and humiliated that way.  She walked over to
the bent over June and grabbing the pencil starting pushing it in and out her
asshole.

"Slut thank whore for fucking your worthless butt," Kate said.

"Yes, yes, thank you whore."  "Fuck my big bobo," June yelled in a strained
voice.

Nadine noticed the wet stains down the side of her legs and new the old bitch
was getting off on this as much as she was.  She felt Kate hand grabbed her ass
in back and then a finger started working its way up her own asshole as she
pushed back to give it free access.  When it was fully inserted in her ass, she
felt Kate grabbed her hair roughly in back pulling her head back.

"Whose ass is this whore," she shouted at Nadine.

Nadine was close to cumming as the finger was wiggling deep in her own butt. 
She was pushing the pencil faster and faster in June big ass as she watched June
pushing back to receive more and more.

"Yours mistress," she yelled back at Kate.

She felt the finger roughly withdraw from her asshole and a quick slap on her
right cheek.

"Get on your hands and knees whore."  Kate demanded.

Nadine quickly got down on her hands and knees as she watched Kate return to the
boss's chair at the desk and slowly spread her legs wide revealing her wet and
hairy pussy to her view.

"Come hear whore and please your new boss," Kate yelled.

Nadine quickly crawled forward.  She had always wanted to know how another woman
would taste.  It had always been a fantasy and now it was coming true.  She
pushed her head between Kate middle sized thighs and started working her tongue
up and down on the wet clit.

"Slut," she heard Kate yell from above, "I need some entertainment while I enjoy
whore pussy tongue."  "Walk around and wiggle that big butt of your for me." 
"And be sure to get fucking it with your butt fucker."

Nadine started lapping faster and harder at Kate cunt at the thought of June and
her own humiliation.  She felt Kate hand rubbing her hair as you would pet a
dog. 

"That my whore," Kate yelled.  "Make me cum."

Kate came all over her face as Nadine was so excited herself that she kept
licking in and out her cunt lips.

"That's it for now whore," she felt Kate pushing her head back.  "I think its
time for your punishment for always telling on me."  Nadine felt her hand
reached down and pinched her face cheek like child being punished.  "Crawl under
the desk and put your face to the floor so I can enjoy that tight ass of yours."

Nadine immediately crawled under the desk upon her command.

"Slut!" Kate yelled at June.  "Get dressed in your dress only and go to that
adult store on the corner of eight street."  "You are to buy four nice big butt
plugs for your big ass and whore tight ass."  "Also, a couple of large paddles
so when ya are bad, some cuffs, and anything else that may please me."  "Use
your credit card and I better be please when you get back."  "If the guy behind
the counter wants to fuck you, tell him you are expensive and it will cost him
$5 for whichever hole he wants."

Nadine could heard a quick plea from June only to be hushed quickly by something
she didn't understand.  Her own situation at present was her only worry.  She
hadn't been spanked since she was a child.  It was exciting as well as fearful
of the marks she had seen on June large butt.  She shivered as she felt Kate
hand rub and squeeze her ass mounds.

"I going to spank you tight little butt now," she heard Kate say.  "You are
going to thank me and ask me to spank your whore butt with each spank."  "Is
that understood?"   Swat.

Owll.  The bitch had hit her ass with a full swing and it stung like hell.  She
tried to reach back and grab her ass as the next swat landed.

Oeeellll.  She screamed.

"I didn't hear you whore," Kate yelled.  "Unless you want me to continue all day
you better do as I say."  Swat.

Owllll.  "Thank you mistress," Nadine murmured half in tears.  "Please spank
whore ass again."

"Please no more......."  Owlll. "Thank you mistress."  She yelled out.  "Please
spank whore ass again."  "Please nooooo."  Owlll.   Nadine was screaming now as
her ass was starting to glow and instead of pleasure it was starting to hurt as
hell.  Finally when she thought she couldn't take anymore, Kate stopped.

"Does my new whore need more attention or is she ready to obey now," Kate said
from above her glowing mounds.

"Yes mistress," Nadine replied.  "Whore is ready to obey."  Owwllll.

"Spread your ass whore."  "I need somewhere to rest my foot," Kate commanded.

Nadine painfully reached back and spread her ass globes as Kate requested only
to feel the heel of Kate shoe at the entry of her asshole.  Anticipating the
worst, she started to plea with Kate not to do what she expected as she screamed
out in pain as the shoe heel roughly pushed its way through the entrance and she
gasped in pain.

"Be still whore while I study my new paycheck," Kate commanded roughly grinding
her shoe heel and sole on her ass.  "By the way whore, your paycheck will have a
new charge for personal services which you will be paying me."

Nadine didn't know what hurt worst.  The heel up her asshole or her pride.  She
squirmed to try to remain still with the pain in her asshole increasing with
each minute.  Even with the pain, her cunt was dripping wildly as she was
becoming more and more excited at her own humiliation.  Hell she would pay her
anything she wanted at present to keep it abusing her.  She tried to relax her
asshole so she could cum.  She needed to bad.  Reaching between her legs, she
started to stroke her cunt lip.

Ohhh.  She screamed.  The bitch had kicked her cunt with her other foot.

"Did I tell you that you could play with yourself whore?"  Kate asked loudly.

"No mistress," Nadine replied trying to shake off the pain in her hand and cunt.

"Good."  She continued.  "Now be still."  "You'll be punished for that later." 

Nadine remained in position for what seem to be hours.  Her asshole was
extremely sore as the hell never left its mark.  Her need to cum had subsided as
the pain became harder and harder to endure back there.

She heard a voice above the desk.

"Did you get what I asked?"  Kate asked from behind.

"Yes Mistress," Nadine could hear June voice as it sounded strained above.

"Did you collect your $5 for your butt fuck," Kate continued.

"No mistress," June whined.  "The man said my ass wasn't worth 5 dollars." 
Nadine could hear the strain of June voice to keep from crying.

"I guess it isn't," Kate continued.  "Pour the bag on the table so I can examine
them."  "They better be good."

Nadine was getting excited again at the thought as she could hear the bag
pouring on the table and Kate playing and toying with the items above.

"Oh yes," Kate exclaimed.  "This plug has a big head and is just right for your
big butt to wear."  "Why don't you try it on for me?"

"Yes mistress," June replied.

Nadine felt Kate heel being withdrawn from her asshole as she relaxed from the
pain. Her sole was still on her butt in back keeping her pinned.  She could hear
June gasping from above and knew she must have gotten the plug fully in her ass.

"See prefect fit for you big bobo," Kate exclaimed.  "Come over her and turn
around so I can see how well it fits."  "Oh yes."  "Perfect."  "Now wiggly that
butt of yours so I can try out this nice new paddle you brought me."

Nadine could hear loud swats above her and moans and begs from June requesting
Kate to continue.  She was starting to drip at the thought of seeing June big
ass swaying back and forth as Kate swatted it. 

"Perfect fit bitch," Kate exclaimed putting the paddle back down on the table. 
"The plug didn't even come out."  "I think you should wear it all the time."

"Yes mistress," June voice cried back.

"Now put your leash on and crawl over to that floor plant over there and put you
head in the dirt till I call you," Kate commanded.

Nadine could tell by the sounds above that June was doing as requested and then
the sound of her knees and elbows on the floor.  She was waiting to hear what
the noise above was when she fell something cold at her puckered sore asshole. 

"Nooo mistress," she begged.  Owllll.

The plug was shoved in roughly as Nadine squirmed to relax what she could.

"I so sorry your ass is not big enough for the king size model," Kate called
down.  "But this will have to do for a whore ass as yours."  "Now back up so I
can put your collar on."

Nadine slowly backed up on her knees and elbows as she felt the cold strap being
connected around her neck.  The chain quickly followed.

"Now we are going to have some fun," Kate continued.  "You are going to crawl
around the room while I beat your butt with this nice pretty black paddle when I
feel like it."  "When you pass the bitch over there be sure to kiss her big
white ass like you normally do."  "Now move."

Nadine started crawling as the first swat landed on both ass cheeks driving the
plug deep in her asshole.  Her ass almost jumped higher than her head as she
struggled to keep crawling.  She was grateful that she didn't feel it again as
she finally came to June big butt sticking out and immediately crawl forward and
kiss it.

Owwllll.  The pain of the plug being driven deep in her asshole had pushed her
face deep between the cheeks of June ass to the plastic of her plug.

"That's better," Kate said.  "I like it better when your nose is so far up her
ass that you can't breathe."  "Now get moving."

Nadine backed her face out of the massive globes as she heard June gasped in
disappointment and continued her circle of the room.  By the time she had made
the third trip, her ass was red in back from all the paddling and she wished she
could kick June ass each time instead of kissing it, June was pushing her ass
back harder and harder on her face.  She was totally exhausted.

Kate finally allowed Nadine to quit crawling.  Her knees and palms were raw as
the dropped her head to the floor gasping for air and trying to relaxed.  She
heard the leash chain drop by her side but she was too exhausted to do anything
by just lay there head to the floor and ass up.  She finally passed out not
thinking about what was going on around her anymore.  She was as content as she
had ever been in the past.

Nadine didn't know how long she had slept but a shoe toe in her ass crack woke
her up.

"Wake up whore," she heard Kate voice from above.  "We have to go somewhere." 
"Here's a pull over shift for you to wear."

Nadine glanced at the plain dress on the floor beside her and weakly got up on
her heels and started to throw the dress over her head.  She saw June had the
same type of dress on by her side and as she moved she felt the butt plug was
till in her asshole which was now very sore.

"Hurry up," Kate said, shoving her shoe toe in her butt again.

Nadine finally got the dress on and stood up.  She watched Kate slap June big
ass and told her to get moving and then felt her own ass spanked with the same
command.  As they passed out the entrance of the store, Nadine could see it was
dark outside and they must have been here late into the night.  She heard Kate
yelling at them where to go as they finally arrived at Kate car and watched Kate
open the truck in back.  Both ladies watched nervously expecting the worst.

"I don't have all day and I'm not going to let cunts like ya ride in my car."
Kate stared at now.  "Now crawl in both of you or I'll take out my paddle and
blister those asses so either of your won't be able to sit for weeks."

Nadine watched June immediately try to crawl into the trunk and wondered how in
the world both of them was going to fit in such a tight space when a sharp pain
on her ass cheek woke her up and she tried to crawl in by June's side.  It took
forever to get in as both women moaned and scurried around trying to get any
kind of comfort they could.  There butts were poking out towards the back as
Kate kept slapping them demanding they hurry.  Cussing and screaming at each
other both women were finally in enough so Kate could close the trunk lid
pushing there butts down flat on their thighs.  They heard Kate thump the lid
and yell at them that no talking was allowed or she would stop the car and spank
their butts so anyone passing by could watch.

As the car started driving both women groaned in agony of their cramp are and
constant bouncing.  They couldn't do anything but lay there and take it.  It was
the most uncomfortable position Nadine could ever had imagined she could be in. 
For what seen like an hour they drove around before they finally stopped.  They
heard the lid of the trunk open and Kate talking to someone in back.

"These are the two white women you were talking about."  They heard Kate voice
from behind.

"Yes, I want them fully shaved in bottom both cunt and ass."  Kate continued. 
"A pussy leash attached to their cunts will rings on their tits as well in case
I want to use them for something."  "Add the trainer gag too."  Kate added. 
"I'll pay you the normal costs and you get to keep both of them for the night
for your own use but make sure they are at work by 9 am tomorrow."  "Oh by the
way, that cushion seat you sell with the pins that stick up as someone sits on
it."  "I want two of those two."  "There's nothing like a lazy worker who wants
to sit on the job all day and those cushions will remind these two of their
duty."

"No problem," another woman said.  "This is going to be a good paycheck this
week."  "Boys," she yelled loud.  "Come over here and get these white trash
inside."  "We have work to do tonight."  "You are allowed a blowjob and a good
ass fuck each if you like but they had better be inside in 30 minutes and
begging to please me if you want your money."

Nadine and June both started screaming in panic but neither could move from
their present position.  They felt their dress being lifted in back and heard
one of the black men tell the other they just as well get their ass fuck in now
will the bitches couldn't do anything about it.  The plugs were roughly pulled
out by the men as both Nadine and June both begged for Kate to help them.  The
only reply they heard was Kate and the other lady going inside to transfer the
funds.  They screamed in agony as the big black cocks shoved up their assholes
without mercy and pleading with their tormentors to go slow.  They could only
hear the laughing from above.  After the men had cum in their ass, they helped
the women out of the trunk as both fell to the pavement unable to move their
arms or legs from the cramps.  Their assholes were raw from the brutal assault.

"Suck and clean these cocks," the men yelled grabbing each by the hair forcing
them to their knees.  They drove their ass dirty cocks deep in their mouths. 
They saw Kate passing by going to the car and disappearing inside despite their
desperate attempt to signal her.  The car sped away leaving them at the mercy of
their tormentors.

"Okay boys, 10 more minutes and I expect to have those cunts in here and dosed
down good with the hose for their preparation."  The woman voice yelled out.
"
"Good." One of the men yelled.  "We got time for one more ass fuck."

Owllllll.  Female voices yelled out.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





