BDSM Library - Lily White Neighbors




Lily White Neighbors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A black couple had been watching the new white neighbors since their arrival into the neighborhood.  Now was the time to make them into their slaves.
Lily White Neighbors

Janice had invited the Lloyds (their new white neighbors) over for a barbecue
for the evening.  Her and Tom had noticed the older couple since their arrival
and had been plotting for a month to get them over and make them their slaves. 
They had sex at night talking about what they would do with each of them as the
need to dominate became more and more powerful.

The door finally rang.

Janice opened the door to see Midge and Paul standing there.

"Come on in," she said.  "Tom is outside making the barbecue now.  Why don't you
go out back Paul while me and Midge get things ready in the kitchen?  The patio
is just out the door down the hall."

Janice watched as Paul went past noting his tight little white ass in his jeans. 
Patience, she thought.  His ass will be mine soon.  She turned back to Midge.

"Why don't you help me with the salad and potatoes?" She asked.  "We'll going to
eat outside shortly."

"Sounds great," Midge replied and followed Janice into the kitchen area.

The women made small talk getting things together in the kitchen as Janice
studied Midge body during the whole period.  Several times, she wanted to grab
the woman by the hair and shove her face up her cunt but knew the time wasn't
ready.

"Let's carry the food out," she said.

They found the men outside with the barbecue completed and laid the gatherings
on the patio table.  Tom had turned the conversation to sex and was bragging
about all his conquests while Paul seemed to be interested and soaking all of it
up.

Midge seemed to be a little surprise by Paul openness but tried to stay calm
throughout the meal ordeal till Janice asked something which completely took her
off guard.

"Tom has a 12" cock that I love to pound my sweet cunt.  Is Paul cock that big
sugar?"  Janice asked.

Midge stopped eating pondering to figure out how to reply.  Paul himself looked
stunned and wounded by the comment.

"No, well Paul isn't that big but he can satisfy a woman in other ways," Midge
replied loosing her appetite.

"How does he do that?  Licking your cunt."  Janice pressed on.  "Do you enjoy
licking your wife cunt, Paul?"

The white couple both sat and was at a lost of words till finally Midge got the
courage to say something.

"Well I do return the favor you know," she said noticing Paul uneasiness.

"Oh, so you suck his little cock while he licks your cunt?"  Midge continued
with Tom sitting there smiling.  "Hoping it will get big enough to fill your
cunt?"

"I didn't say that," Midge quickly replied lying and turning red.

"Tom why don't you show Midgie here what a real man cock look like," Janice
said.

"Sure," Tom replied getting up and lowering the swim shorts he was wearing below
his cock which sprung out immediately.  A real man cock, he boasted.

Both Paul and Midge sat stunned looking at Tom's large member.

"How about you Paul," he said looking at Paul shocked face staring at his large
cock.   "Show the women here what a man you are."

Paul was totally red in humiliation and sat still.

"Come on Paulie," Janice pressed on noticing Midge stare at Tom large cock. 
"Show me what your wife finds so pleasing.  Don't be a baby."

Paul tried to say something but failed; he rose from the table and unzipped his
jeans pulling his 6" cock out.

Tom and Janice both starting laughing as Midge and Paul quickly turned red in
embarrassment.

"Tom why don't you come over here and let Midgie here have a feel of a real cock
and Paul can come over and let me see if I can make it get any bigger.  Come on
over, sugar and let mommy make it bigger."  Janice requested.

Midge froze in her chair as Tom slowly started walking over.  She wasn't sure
what to do as she saw the large monster approaching her.  It was the largest she
had ever seen.  She wanted to hold it and suck it so bad as it approached not
caring if her husband was watching or not.  She grabbed it with her hand and
rubbed her palm up and down on it.

"Come on Paul bring me that little white dickie or yours," Janice laughed
noticing Paul paused to stare at his wife and Tom.

Paul finally made his way over as his own cock was starting to stick straight
out.  Janice quickly grabbed it as he arrived and started stroking.

"Why Midgie, you can fill your mouth with this thing; let alone in your pussy."
Janice teased.  She glanced at Midge stroking the large cock with lust written
all over her face.

"Why don't you get down and suck my husband real cock," she said over to her.

Paul cock was dripping wet in Janice hand as he watched his wife dropped to her
knees off the chair and quickly shoved her mouth on Tom large cock.  Tom was
looking at him grinning and grabbing Midge by her hair controlling her mouth on
his cock.  She was offering no resistance.

"Looks like no one wants to suck on Paulie's little cock," Janice teased knowing
he was hers now.  "Strip for me baby," she demanded looking up at him.

Paul was too excited to resist as he quickly undid his shirt and dropped his
jeans to the pavement below and stepping out of them with Janice still stroking
his little white cock.

"You do have a nice little white ass," Janice teased.  "Why don't you get over
my lap like a nice little white boy and let me paddle and play with it."

Paul was too excited and humiliated to resist as he slowly lowered his body over
Janice glorious lap.  He was dripping cum on her thighs.

"First of all, I think we should punish you for having such a small little
pecker," Janice pushed on.  "Don't you think so Paulie?  Just call me mistress
dear."

"Yes mistress," Paul whispered.  He glanced to see Midge was now rocking her
head up and down fully on Tom large cock.

"Don't you just love having your little white ass over a big black mistress like
me lap," Janice asked. 

"Yes mistress," Paul replied.  Spank me for having a small cock.

"Tom dear.  Why don't you take that white bitch drooling over your cock to the
bench over there and shove you cock up her cunt so she'll know what a real man
can do.  Her pants are already wet."  Janice said smiling at his look of power.

"You bet babe," Tom replied maintaining his grip of Midge hair.  He pulled her
up and started walking her over to the bench with little or no resistance.

Whap.

Ohh.  Paul murmured out.

"Watch a real man screw your wife Paulie," Janice teased slapping his ass hard
again.  "See how fast she undressed for him and bent over the bench."

Whap.  Whap.

"Are you enjoying watching him pound her lily white cunt?"

Whap, Whap.

"Ohh.  Yes mistress, Ohhh."  Paul yelled out.

"Your cock is good for nothing but playing with, isn't it sugar."  Janice
continued.

Whap, whap.

"Ohh. Yes Mistress," Paul shouted. "I want to be your slave."

It was the words Janice knew he would be saying since his arrival.

"Of course, you'll be my slave Paulie dear since your cock isn't good for
nothing else."  She teased him. "You'll will service me with your tongue in any
way I desire."

Whap, whap.

"Do you want to tongue my beautiful black ass, Paulie?"  She asked.

"Yes mistress, ohhhh."  Paul yelled out.

"Look over there Paulie.  Watch your wife being slapped while she is getting
fucked."  She commanded him.  "It's getting quite red like you tiny little
butt."

Whap, whap.

"Do you need to come slave?"  She asked.

"Ohhh, please mistress, please."  Paul screamed out in excitement.

"Maybe later," Janice teased, stopping her spanking.  "It time for your asshole
inspection right now."

She quickly pushed her finger as fast and deep as she could up his asshole as
his cock squirting between her thighs.

"Naughty boy," Janice yelled at him.  "You'll going to be punished for that."

"Get on your knees and clean my thighs," Janice demanded.  She roughly removed
her finger from his asshole as he moaned in pain.

Paul was too embarrassed to object as he crawled off Janice lap and got down on
his knees.  His tongue started lapping the majestic thighs of Janice as she
spread her legs showing him a glance of her cunt.  He was still rigid as he
cleaned her thighs hoping she would demand he lick her cunt.

"What are you looking at white boi," Janice shouted down at him.  "You want to
lick my cunt like you lick that whore of yours?"

"Yes mistress," Paul meekly replied with his cock straining to reach full size.

Janice laughed.

"You haven't desired the right to lick my cunt boy," she told him.

Slowly she rose from her chair and turned around with her butt only inches from
his face.  She lifted her dress up exposing her beautiful full size ass to his
face.

"Is this where your face belongs white boi," she asked him.

"Yes mistress," Paul replied quickly dying to put his face in her beautiful ass.

"Clean my asshole slave," Janice demanded.  "Your tongue better be as good as
that whore said or you'll get double punishment later."

Paul immediately shoved his face between the goddess mounds running his tongue
around and around the pucker opening and then inside.  Janice was rocking back
on his face as he tongue fucked her ass as deep as he could.    When it was
loose enough, he started rolling his tongue inside to try to please her.

"Not bad for a white boi," Janice said stepping forward as Paul almost fell face
down on the pavement trying to keep his face in her ass.

"Turn around slave and look at your whore wife," Janice demanded. 

Paul turned around to see Tom was now bent over the bench while his lovely wife
Midge was tonguing his ass much as he had done with Janice.

"Looks like your lily white whore loves to be a slave as much as you do," Janice
laughed.  "You don't mind if I go over there and kick her lily white ass do you
slave?"

"No mistress," Paul replied.  "Her ass is yours."

"Crawl behind me slave and try to keep up or I'll kick your ass too," Janice
told him as she turned and started towards Tom and Midge.  Paul hastened behind
her on his hands and knees.  Neither Tom nor Midge heard them as they
approached.  Janice went over and panted her foot deep in Midge ass driving his
wife face deep in Tom ass as she yelp in surprise.

"Do you enjoy eating a real man ass bitch?" Janice asked her.  "Or do you want
to go back to sucking your husband little dickie like you always do."

"No."  Midge replied with her face buried in Tom ass.  "I want a real man."

"No mistress," Janice shouted, kicking her ass again with her foot.

"No mistress," Midge replied still rimming Tom ass.

"Get your face out of my husband ass," Janice demanded.  "I got something else
you are going to lick on.  Like my cunt little Midgie."

Paul watched as Midge turned around and saw the lust on her face knowing she was
gone forever.

"Come on dearly and crawl over to the chair with me."  Janice demanded.  "Slave
Paul, Master Tom cock is hard again and need another sucking.  Get down there
worm and show your proper respect to a real master."

Tom turned over and grabbed his cock stroking it.

"Come here white boi and start sucking," he demanded, "or I'll beat the shit out
of that white ass of yours in front of my new whore."

Paul started crying but went forward and engulfed Tom massive cock in his mouth.

Janice had led Midge by her hair to the nearby chair and sat down spreading her
legs wide.

"Come lick my cunt you white whore," she demanded.   "There's only going to be 
one licking cunt these days so get used to it."

She roughly grabbed Midge by the hair who was staring at her wet cunt and drove
her face deep in her bush.  She felt her tongue immediately going to work on her
clit and laid back to enjoy the feeling.  She turned to the side to watched Paul
getting his mouth stuffed good by Tom who was shoving it as far as he could
inside. 

"Shove it up his white ass sugar," she yelled at him roughly grinding Midge face
deeper in her cunt.  "With that tiny cock he should have been a girl.  Show him
how a man fucks a bitch."

Tom roughly shoved Paul face off his cock and turned him around by the hair and
bending him over.  Paul was begging Tom to be gentle and yelled as his massive
cock shoved up his shitter.

"Oh yeah, babe," Janice yelled, "he's loving it.  Fuck him good."

Janice came at the sight and grabbing Midge by the hair pulled her to the
pavement and on her back.  She straddled her face and lowered her ass down.

"Lick my ass bitch.  I want your tongue deep in my asshole." She yelled ready to
climax again watching Paul little dickie getting hard despite himself.  This was
going to be too easy, she thought, enjoying the tongue swirling inside her butt
hole.

She came again as Paul was now cleaning Tom cock off.

"Bring the bitch over here honey," Janice told Tom.  "Since they like to cum
licking each other, I want to see it.  Why don't we have them clean each other
assholes and taste all that wasted cum inside each other?  They might even cum
for us."

Tom roughly grabbed the sobbing Paul by the hair and dragged him over to Janice
and Midge as Janice slowly got off Midge face. 

"Better clean that brownie hole good Midgie dear," she yelled down at her, "or
I'll shove that rake handle over there up your tight little ass.  Get your ass
on her face Paulie."

Paul move over and sat on Midge face as she was begging Janice not to make her
clean his ass.  Tom helped grab Midge feet raising them over Paul head and
locked her ankles behind with a pair of panties on the ground.  He pushed Paul
face roughly in his wife ass grinding his mouth on her asshole.

"Come over here and fuck me good baby," Janice said to Tom.  "I can't wait to
see the whitees cum for us."

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





