BDSM Library - Janes Adventures in Self Bondage - The Tether




Janes Adventures in Self Bondage - The Tether
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 'The appetite grows on what it feeds on' - or so it's said; and it certainly did with Jane. After the boredom and discomfort of her first adventure, she swore never to experience anything like it again. But the need for it slowly regrew, ans she saw ceratin possibilities in her dog.... Jane stood patiently by the post, arms behind her back, watching Towser as
  he dozed in the shade. She heard six o'clock chime faintly as her grandfather
  clock in the kitchen struck the hour. Immediately afterwards she saw Towser
  come alertly to his feet, then, with an excited little yelp, he trotted over
  to where she stood. Standing on his hind legs, he gripped the upper loop of
  the leather leash tethering Jane to the thick wooden post and deftly lifted
  it off the hook holding it, four feet up on the wall. Then he removed the lower
  loop in the same manner. Holding it firmly in his jaws, he led her out of the
  small inner yard and across the larger one into the small outhouse where she
  pressed down with a foot on the large floor-mounted push-button switch. Dropping
  her leash, Towser dashed back across the yard to the kitchen porch and looked
  up expectantly. There came a faint click from overhead, and a small juicy steak
  dropped on the dusty ground at his feet. Towser fell on it with alacrity, crunching
  it down in seconds. Jane walked over patted Tower's bent head, 'Good boy!'
  she told him. Finished, he sat back and looked up at her, his brown eyes sparkling
  with fun and intelligence; he LOVED this new game! 
A few minutes later Jane sat at her kitchen table sipping tea as she methodically
  went over the details of the new ordeal she intended for herself. The dog's
  part in it - the simple tasks she'd trained him to accomplish - was now flawless;
  Towser could be relied on to play his part. She thought about the release mechanism
  for her mitts; that, too, was well-tried and 100% reliable - and, even if Towser
  did prove unreliable, the batteries in the cuffs would run down in sixty or
  so hours allowing her to release herself without his assistance. There was
  no reason why the scenario should not take place as planned, she thought complacently;
  the hot, sunny weather was set to continue, and everything was in order. 
She rose at five the next morning. Still naked from her bed, and not bothering
  to wash or shower, nor even to comb her long auburn hair, she slathered sunblock
  all over her shoulders, back, buttocks and thighs, then over her breast and
  flat stomach. (It was pig sunblock, a large barrel of which she'd inherited
  with the property, and it was perfectly suitable for human beings - apart from
  its rancid smell). Her anticipation made her impatient for the sun to fully
  rise and flood the yards with its weak, early warmth, and she spent a few minutes
  in a final alteration to the timer on the reliable clockwork mechanism she'd
  built to send the ultra-sonic signals to the dog's ears. After feeding him
  a little more than usual, instead of filling his water bowl she set down in
  its stead a large, shallow bowl eighteen inches across and three inches deep,
  and splashed water into t until it was full. Then she walked off into the maze
  of buildings carrying the simple equipment she would need. Towser lifted his
  head from his food bowl to watch his Mistress's slim, bare back disappear around
  a corner, his eyes bright with excitement at the beginning of a new Game. He
  knew what to do, and he lowered his head again to eat as he waited for the
  first signal. 
In the empty expanse of the long disused cowshed she discarded the wooden-soled
  sandals she'd worn to hide the scent of her trail from the dog's keen nose
  and swiftly donned her restraints. First the gag - if that was the correct
  description, she thought as she inserted the plastic gadget into her mouth
  and manoeuvred its two ends between the middle molars on either side on her
  mouth. Biting down gently but firmly, she felt the hard, thin plastic bar trap
  her tongue across its middle, pinning it to the floor of her mouth. It served
  the essential purpose of a gag, she thought with a silent giggle; it made her
  dumb. But it was better than a gag, for she could eat and drink wearing it,
  too. 
Then the hobble around her ankles - two thick padded cuffs linked by a heavy
  chain seven inches long. Long practice had made her expert in shuffling along
  hobbled, and she was quite confident she wouldn't stumble or fall. After the
  hobble came the thick, heavy, close-linked choke-chain, still attached to its
  four foot long leather leash. She slipped it over her head, aware of the moistness
  between her legs as the smooth hardness of its cool links settled around the
  base of her throat, tightened purely by the weight of the leash dangling from
  it. Then she put on her broad and comfortable blindfold. When she was satisfied
  that she could open and close her eyes comfortably in the blackness, she swiftly
  donned her mitts, heavy with the batteries sewn into their thick cuffs. Expertly
  operating the simple catches with her teeth, she locked them around her wrists,
  before placing her arms behind her back and manoeuvring the steel plates set
  in each cuff so that they touched each other. 
Then she waited in her self-imposed blindness, getting wetter and wetter between
  her thighs, for the timer-controlled radio signal that would switch on the
  magnets in her cuffs. When, after only a brief interval, she heard the faint
  hum of the electromagnets, and felt the tiny movement as steel plates aligned
  themselves to cling immovably together, she climaxed with a groan of delight
  before standing, trembling in remembered ecstasy, for several minutes. 
But there was no time to lose - the more so as she'd earlier disabled the
  timer setting that would have released her after a pre-set period. She must
  win the game before Towser tracked her down and did what he'd been so carefully
  trained to do for the reward he'd been trained to expect. Blind and hobbled,
  she estimated her chances as no more than one in four, but first the dog would
  have to find her among this large area of sheds, lean-tos and unused barns,
  and there were several ways into the yard she was aiming for. Having carefully
  memorised her route, amd knowing exactly where she was, she set out at a confident
  shuffle towards the broad doorway of the cow shed. Once deep among the baffling
  maze of outbuildings she went more cautiously in fear of collisions with the
  walls, and her speed was reduced to a slow and uncertain crawl. 
&nbsp; 
Despite the knowledge she imagined she'd acquired of her premises she was
  hopelessly lost when Towser found her at last. Hearing the fast patter of his
  paws on the hard-packed soil, she stopped in her tracks in resignation and
  waited for the dog to go through his thoroughly-learnt routine. She heard his
  excited panting, and felt his furry flank brush her lower thighs as his teeth
  clamped around the lower loop of her halter. Then the chain tightened painfully
  around her neck as Towser tugged her along. Jane shuffled along meekly behind
  him, feeling the familiar moistness at the top of her thighs again. It was
  such a delicious feeling, being led helplessly along by a dog, her every movement
  controlled by an animal. And she knew there was more to come. 
Jane gave a startled grunt of pain as her shoulder and right breast collided
  heavily with something large and solid. Then she heard the scrabble of Tower's
  front paws on wood and felt the leather of her leash scrape across her flank
  as the dog raised himself on his hind legs. She heard the slither of leather
  over steel as he slipped the lower loop of the leash over the hook screwed
  into the wood, then her collar chain tightened with a painful jerk as Towser
  shifted his grip to the upper loop, two feet up the leash towards her neck.
  The dog's weight pulled her head down as he slipped the upper loop over the
  hook, and her head rang with force of its collision with the wood. Through
  the ringing in her ears she heard the dog flop down to the ground and trot
  away to sit under the chute that would dispense his reward - in this case a
  small bar of gritty 'pet' chocolate. 
Left to herself, Jane considered her delicious predicament, first moving a
  few inches closer to where her halter was fastened to allow her chain-collar
  to loosen. She was plainly visible from all angles to any casual passer-by,
  and she imagined the view as seen by an outsider - of her, blind, naked and
  helpless, with her arms locked behind her, tethered like a beast to a wooden
  post, unable to move more than the two feet her leash allowed her. At this
  mental picture, the moisture welled up between her thighs once more until she
  spent herself in a mini-climax and leant, shuddering, against the warm wood
  of the post. 
As she'd known it would, the usual aftermath set in - what on Earth was she
  to do for the next several hours. She tugged vainly at her leash for a few
  minutes - not bothering to try to manoeuvre the loops of her tether back over
  the curve of the hook holding them, for she knew from experience that it was
  impossible with her flat face and weak jaws - before taking up a position standing
  squarely on her feet by her post, almost the only posture she could adopt,
  as her tether was much too short to let her kneel or sit. Bereft of her sight,
  she strained her ears to catch any passing sound - so much so that she began
  to suffer the aural version of hallucinations, imagining footsteps in the distance;
  the thought of discovery bringing her out in a cold sweat of terror. 
Her bladder was uncomfortably full, and, as there was no point at all in restraining
  herself, she spread her legs the little her hobble allowed and urinated gushingly
  between her feet, feeling the warm liquid flow down her thighs and legs, and
  pool around her feet. As she urinated, she fancied that she felt a slight pressure
  in her colon, and she recalled with a sinking feeling that the mild laxative
  she had taken the night before, in order that her bowels might be empty when
  she began her ordeal, had not worked that morning. There was, of course, nothing
  she could do to affect that, and so she would have to put up with whatever
  her body decided for her. 
She tensed involuntarily as she heard real footsteps rapidly approaching,
  but it was only the dog on some errand of his own, and she relaxed. But the
  footsteps halted, and she imagined Towser standing a few feet away, his head
  turned to regard his Mistrees, his nose intrigued by her unusual smell. Motionless
  with delicious fear, she felt his hairy neck brush her calves as he sniffed
  the drying pool of urine she stood in, then his nose followed its scent up
  her legs and thighs. The pungent smell of her genitals attracted him, and he
  poked his damp, cold nose enquiringly into her vagina, causing to recoil the
  few inches she could with a startled squeal. She felt the inexpressible thrill
  of his warm, wet, rough tongue licking her labia, and she almost climaxed again
  on the spot, but Towser, with the vague feeling that something was missing,
  turned away and trotted off. 
Jane passed an agreeable interlude trying to imagine her dog's reactions to
  her as she was now. Ordinarily the most fastidious of young women, washing
  her hair at least once daily and showering twice or thrice, changing her clothes
  twice daily too on the rare occasions she was compelled to wear any, she thought
  that, to Towser, her characteristic odour must be very faint. But now that
  it was overlain by the pungent scents of her drying urine, the juices from
  her vagina, her sweat, and the powerful stench of the pig sunblock on her hot
  skin, she must be almost unrecognisable to him. Did he think of her, she wondered,
  as his Mistress smelling strongly like an animal, or an animal smelling faintly
  of his Mistress? The moisture welled in her vagina at the thought - but she
  was far too hot, and too tired, and too thirsty to take her fantasy any further. 
Towser woke from his doze in the shade. Opening his eyes lazily, he looked
  across the sunbaked yard to where 'the mistress-bitch,' as he thought of Jane
  in her present incarnation, still stood by the post he'd tethered her to early
  that morning. Rising slowly to his feet, he yawned, stretched, and began to
  pad off purposefully towards the kitchen porch and water. The time was just
  after mid-day, and the shadows were almost at their shortest when Jane heard
  the soft padding of Towser's feet passing her, bringing her out of the apathetic
  half trance in which she'd spent the last hours. Momentarily she feared that
  the dog would stop and repeat his actions of earlier, then she feared that
  he wouldn't. Then a tiny ray of hope sprang up in her tired brain. Would this
  be the second time Towser drank from the bowl since he'd brought her here,
  or the third? If it was only the second, she must resign herself to stay thirsty,
  but if it was the third - she ran her dry tongue around her parched lips and
  prayed fervently. 
The dog's right fore paw came down on the pressure pad before his bowl. A
  current flowed to an electronic counter which obediently changed state in response.
  That triggered the ultrasonic transmitter to send out an urgent signal, causing
  Towser's ears to come upright in surprise just as he was lowering his muzzle
  into the water. The dog shook his head as his slow brain went through its simple
  search for the correct response. Of course! He turned his head and looked back
  at the bitch-mistress for a moment as his thoughts cleared, then trotted over
  to her. 
Jane heard the urgent noise of Towser's feet before she felt his heavy body
  jostle her aside roughly as the dog raised himself to unhook the loops of her
  halter. What she had found impossible the dog accomplished easily, and seconds
  later she heard his paws scrabble on the hard ground and felt the chain tighten
  around her throat as he tugged insistently on her leash. Stiff in limb and
  half-stunned by the heat, Jane stumbled along, whimpering in fear, terrified
  the impatient dog would pull her off balance and make her fall flat on her
  face. Towser stopped and gave a doggy sigh of impatience. The tall thing tottering
  behind him on its long hind legs was making little noises of distress. He waited
  for it to recover its precarious balance before tugging on its halter again,
  this time more carefully. Jane shuffled along at the end of her leash, obeying
  the dog's directions, until the pressure on her neck stopped and Towser's hard,
  furry head butted her insistently in the stomach. That was the signal that
  they had arrived at their destination, and Jane dropped clumsily to her knees.
  Bending forward at the waist, she lowered her head and shoulders to grope for
  the invisible water bowl she knew was somewhere in front of her. But she was
  a long way off course, and Towser impatiently darted forward to seize a thick
  lock of her hair in his jaws and drag her head across and down to the bowl.
  Once he was confident that she was able to drink, he moved to the other side
  of the broad bowl and lowered his own head to lap the water. 
The dog drank his fill. Finishing first, he sat and watched Jane, head lowered
  and rump in the air, as she noisily slurped up the stale, warm water. The smell
  of this odd creature continued to puzzle and intrigue him, with its odd faint
  scent of his Mistress mingling with the sour reek of its body, and he trotted
  around to investigate the crack between its buttocks, causing it to give a
  little start of surprise. 
Jane drank as much as her belly could hold. She had no idea at all what the
  time was, and in any event her next access to water, like her eventual release,
  would be at the whim of her dog - or, rather, her dog's hunger and thirst.
  Her stomach swollen, she sat back on her haunches and swept her wet hair from
  her face with a practised flick of her head. She waited meekly for Towser to
  take her away, for, although the dog no longer held her leash, she could sense
  his presence, and the moment she stood and attempted to feel her way blindly
  across the yard to the outhouse, Towser would seize her halter in his teeth
  like a flash. She could hear the dog eating from his bowl, and her heart sank
  at the memory of her folly in giving him more than his usual ration of food
  that morning, and of her disabling the timer switch which would have sent him
  the signal to release her at about 6 pm. Instead it had been her last-minute
  inspiration to rely upon his hunger. Used to being fed some juicy tit-bit whenever
  he obeyed the signal, when it didn't come he would get hungrier and hungrier
  until it ocurred to his doggy brain that he might get his reward without waiting
  for the delayed signal, and release Jane anyway. Of course, if he didn't grasp
  the concept, Jane would be stuck like this until the batteries in her cuffs
  ran down at about 6 pm in two days time - a prospect she dared not even consider. 
Towser finished the little that had remained in his bowl from the morning,
  sat up, and licked his lips. He took another drink, then sat and regarded the
  odd creature, with its confusing and ambivalent smells, that he'd been trained
  to manage. It had finished drinking, so he darted forwards and seized its trailing
  halter in his teeth. Snarling, he pulled hard on the leather loop, then waited
  in patient disgust as the thing clumsily climbed to its hind legs in response.
  He tugged again on its leash, and it began to follow him obediently. Impatiently,
  he dragged it across the yard to its post, where a few seconds sufficed to
  tether it where it been before. Panting, his tongue lolling from the side of
  his mouth, he watched it for a moment before going off on yet another search
  for his absent Mistress. 
Jane heard the dog trot away with dull misery. Even the recent experience
  of being led away to drink and back, then tethered to her post like a docile
  beast failed to give her the usual guilty thrill. Her feet were swollen and
  her legs ached with the constant standing on the hard soil, and she had several
  hours of this slow torture to endure even if her scheme worked. And if it didn't.....She
  shuddered at the prospect. At least she wouldn't be thirsty again for some
  time, she thought, thinking of the water she'd forced down into her protesting
  stomach. That abused organ gurgled in protest, and she belched, feeling a surge
  of stale water in the back of her throat. Her body sagging with fatigue, she
  tried to get comfortable by leaning on her post, but the ache in her muscles
  merely spread to her upper thighs. Try as she might, she could find no more
  comfortable a position than to stand by the post as she had for the last endless
  hours. She was beginning to feel an overloaded sensation in her gut - the result
  of her swollen stomach, she thought at first - but then the first of a series
  of increasingly urgent messages from her bowels began to reach her weary brain.
  Sobbing silently, she spread apart her thighs the little distance she could
  and emptied her bowels in an unending stream between her legs. Her bowels spasmed
  again and again, ridding themselves of the load they'd carried for the last
  three days. With them emptied at last, Jane leaned against the post, feeling
  the slimy warmth of the last of her faeces sliding down the inside of her thighs
  to join the thick puddle around her feet, and wept, the tears escaping through
  the tiny gap between the sides of her nose and her cheeks to trickle into her
  mouth. 
There followed a long period of of non-activity of which Jane remembered nothing.
  She must have spent it in a state of trance, so weary and miserable she was,
  but she came out of oddly refreshed in her mind, if not in her body. Slumped
  by the side of her hated post, she used all the senses she could command in
  a methodical examination of her whereabouts. She could hear birdsong, and it
  was much cooler - intimations of evening. The faint breeze had died, and she
  knew that it would be cold later. Deliberately she avoided thinking about the
  looming possibilty of her spending the night here. Her hopes rested on her
  dog following the scenario she hoped he would, and she wondered where he was
  and what he was doing. 
Towser lay on his belly under the kitchen porch, whining miserably. It was
  late, and he was hungry, and his Mistress still hadn't returned. He glanced
  over the yard to where the bitch-mistress, still clearly visible through the
  gathering gloom, stood by its post. He sat, and turned his head to look up
  at the metal chute far above him through which his delicious rewards would
  come. But it was long past the time when the thin sound of the ultrasonic signal
  told him to do the duty for which he'd be rewarded, Confused and unhappy, he
  lay down again and wondered vaguely what to do. Half an hour later he rose
  with an air of decision. Signal or not, he would lead the tall beast to the
  outhouse as he'd been trained. Then he'd return to stand under the chute and
  see if his reward was delivered. 
Jane, who had relapsed into complete, unthinking apathy, was startled out
  of it by Towser's sudden appearance. Pushing her aside, he stood with his front
  paws against the post and deftly unhooked the two loops on Jane's leash. Gripping
  the end loop firmly in his teeth, he led the tall thing, tottering with fatigue,
  across the yard to the outhouse. Dropping its leash on the threshold, he trotted
  back to the porch and sat under the chute, looking upward expectantly. 
Jane was almost hysterical with relief. She took a faltering step into the
  shed and probed feverishly with her foot for the dome of the switch. Finding
  it, she pressed down savagely, hearing the faint hum of the magnets in her
  cuffs stop abruptly. She stood for a moment unmoving, enjoying to the full
  the blissful feeling that she could free herself at will, before bringing her
  arms to the front of her body, wincing at the ache in her tortured arm muscles.
  Lifting her left mitt to her mouth, she tore savagely at the securing clamp
  with her teeth. It popped open, and she pulled it from her hand with hysterical
  relief. Her blindfold, and the other mitt swiftly followed, then she slipped
  the heavy choke chain over her head with a heartfelt sigh of satisfaction.
  With fresh strength she hobbled form the outhouse and crossed the yard to the
  kitchen, Towser giving her a puzzled glance as she passed him. The first thing
  she did, even before cleaning herself up, was to operate the switch to release
  his reward. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jan311648


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





