BDSM Library - The Training of a White Slut




The Training of a White Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband sends his wife to be trained by a black bbw who loves her job.
The Training of a White Slut I

Sandra stared at the elderly white lady in a suit sitting in front of her.  She
was in her upper forties with medium size breasts and a slighter larger ass for
her built.  She could tell she had been brought up in the nicer neighborhoods by
how she presented herself in front of her.  Her husband, or master, had sent her
to see her.  She was his slave and he wanted her to be trained by a black bbw
like her.  She rolled her tongue on her lips as she started at body just sitting
here all ripe for the kill.  She had told her to sit and not say a word while
she inspected her.

Stand up and remove all your clothes, she commanded.

She watched the woman rise and unbuttoned her blouse pulling it off behind her. 
Her bra was next as Sandra saw her boobs hang out as they were released.  She
would have fun with those, she thought.  She continued to watch her remove her
shoes and then unzip her skirt from the side and letting it drop step out of it. 
She stood there.

Remove the panties cutie, Sandra commanded, licking her lips.

The white woman slowly pulled her panties down below her hips as it slipped to
the floor and she stepped from them.  She kept staring at the floor avoiding eye
contact.  Her hairy bush was as dark brown and her hair, Sandra noticed.

Now sit and spread your legs wide, she commanded.

The woman returned to the chair and sat back down.  She spread her legs to the
side of the chair as her cunt was wide open for view.  Sandra reached down
between her own large thighs and found her own clit rubbing it as she stared the
woman up and down.  The woman was avoiding looking at her with her head cast
downward.  Sandra was taking her time enjoying her humiliation.

Have you ever lick cunt, she asked her sharply.

No.  I mean no mam, the woman replied slightly red in the face.

Sandra stoked her cunt faster at the reply.  This was going to be so much fun. 
A cherry white woman to break in.

Rub your cunt. Sandra commanded.

The woman reached with her hand and started rubbing her clit up and down. 
Sandra watched as her face was turning red in humiliation.  She let her play for
a moment as she watched it getting wet below.

Stop.  She commanded.  I just wanted you to have a last moment to enjoy your
cunt because from now on it belongs to me, she continued.  You will never be
allowed to play with it again without my approval.  Is that understood?

Yes mam, the woman replied panting from her arousal.

Good.  From now on, your will be named pissy and will always address me a mam or
mistress.  I expect you to follow out my commands immediately without question. 
Is that understood pissy?

Yes Mam, the woman replied.

Sandra could see her thighs shake and knew she had been getting excited.

Stand up pissy and turn around.  Bend over and spread that big white ass of
yours so I can see that butt hole of yours.  Sandra was getting excited watching
her and was rubbing harder on her own clit.

She watched the woman rise and turn around.  She reached back and spread her
white globes so Sandra could see the brown hole lying beneath them.  Sandra
stroked her cunt harder and came at the sight of her ass just standing there
exposed and ready to be used for her pleasure.  She let her stay that way for
awhile.

Who owns your ass pissy, she asked loud.

My ass belongs to you mam, the woman replied maintaining her position.  Her
asshole shivered several times in back after she spoke.

Good.  Sandra said.  I want you to shove your finger as deep as it will go in
your butt.  I expect it to slide up in one push, she continued.

She saw the woman slide a finger to her asshole and heard her gasped as she
shoved it fully in the first push.  Sandra smiled at her discomfort.

Now fuck your fat white ass for me pissy, she commanded.

The woman started working her finger in and out her asshole as Sandra watched in
excitement.  She was fucking her own ass for her pleasure and Sandra always
enjoyed her slaves humiliating themselves that way.  Later she would shove
larger objects up her butt but at present this was exciting enough.  She could
hear her murmuring as she continued poking her own ass.

Sandra slowly got up and walked around the desk enjoying the sight.  She could
see her red face stare up from her bent over position as she approached in fear. 
She enjoyed getting them that way.  She walked over in front of her and reached
down and grabbed her nose and pinched down on the nostrils as the woman yelled
in pain.

Fuck your ass harder, she commanded holding her nose shut between her thumb and
forefinger.

She saw her shoving her finger quickly in and out her ass as she maintained her
hold on her nose.  The woman was trying to breathe through her mouth as her
finger continued to plow in and out her butt.  Sandra finally released her nose,
as the woman moaned in relief.

Remove your finger and get down on all fours pissy, she commanded.

The woman was relieve to remove her finger and immediately dropped down on all
fours in front of her.  Sandra slowly picked up her foot and put it on the woman
head pushing her head downward to the floor below.

This is the proper position for a white slut like you in front of your mistress,
she told her.  Your ass and cunt is available for whatever I want.  Wiggle that
butt of yours if you agree?

Sandra had to smile as she maintained her foot on the woman head and watched her
butt wiggling sideways in back.  She removed her foot and planted in only inches
from her face.

Clean my shoe slut, she yelled down, and keep your ass wiggling so I know you
are enjoying it.

She watched the woman tongue start roaming up and down the side of her shoe and
around the top.  Her ass was wigging around in back like a young puppy.  She
slowly reached down and raised her dress up in front above her waist.  Her
panties were already wet in front where she had come earlier.

Crawl up here and please your mistress, she commanded.  Make me cum through my
panties or suffer my punishment.

The woman rose up on her knees burying her face in the crotch of her wet
panties.  Sandra could fill her tongue running up and down her clit through the
material and knew she was now her bitch in heat.  She let her continued till she
was close to cumming and pushed her head back.

Not too bad for a white whore such as you.   Crawl behind and finish me off, she
commanded.  Lick my ass!

The Training of a White Slut II

Sandra smiled as she watched the white woman sign of disappointment and then her
feeble crawl around her.  She knew her panties in back was also wet from her
excitement and waited till she felt her nose pressed between her ass cheeks in
back and a tongue sliding in.

No pissy,  I want your tongue up my naked butt.  Remove my panties with your
mouth.

She felt a fleeting tongue on the upper waist band of her panties and then the
breeze of air as they slowly started being lowered.  The woman nose glided down
the crack of her ass as she slightly bent forward so she could inhale the full
odor.  When they cleared her crotch, she felt her tongue wiggle in the crack of
her ass finding her rosebud and lapping around the ring.  When it started
working its way inside, she press back to help it slide deeper in her neither
hole.  The joy of a white woman licking her asshole was beyond the normal of the
male slaves.  She climax with the tongue fuck of her asshole and raised her
panties back up and dropped her dress.  She walked back around the desk and
opened a drawer.   Taking a pair of nipple clips, she demanded the woman stand
and hold her tits out for her pleasure.  They were a little above average as she
toyed with them, tweeting each and pulling on the nips to get them hard.  A gasp
of pain was heard as she proceeded to clamp each of the pointed tips.

Not bad for an old fart like you pissy, she remarked as she observed the woman
discomfort of the clamps.

She went back and returned again with two plugs.  One she made her bend over and
worked it into her tight asshole and the other she inserted in her mouth despite
the woman pleads.  There, she thought, she is now complete.   She cupped her
chin in her hand.

You are to walk around this desk till I tell you to quit, she commanded.  As you
pass my chair, you will bend forward slightly and shake your butt at me.  Is
that understood?

She knew the woman couldn't talk with the plug in her mouth but she could tell
it was by her eyes.  Letting her chin loose, she returned to her desk chair and
opened a drawer taking out a wooden paddle she had used for years.  As Pissy
passed by, she shifted her ass towards her mistress and Sandra laid the wood
hard on her left ass cheek as she jumped in pain.

Don't lose the plugs, she commanded, or I'll get a couple of bigger ones that
won't get lost.

She enjoyed the red mark she had placed on the woman's white butt as she
continued her pace around.  When she came back, she whacked the right cheek to
match the first.  By the twentieth hit the woman was jumping before the paddle
even hit her ass in fear and pain to her pleasure but had held the dildos in
throughout the whole ordeal.  She let her stop knowing she couldn't take much
more without breaking down.

You may remove your mouth plug and shove it in your cunt, she told her.  Then
you will go to the corner of the room and stand there till I am ready to use
your white ass again.  Move it.

The woman proceeded to the corner immediately as Sandra had to laugh at the
sight of her trying to walk with her cunt and ass plugged.  She watched her
pressed her nose in the corner and admired her red handiwork on her ass before
signing some papers that would be due later today.  It was hard to concentrate
when you were having so much fun.  She wanted to abuse and use the whore for all
the times she was mistreated.

She thought back to the times when she was much younger and had been a maid and
later a slave to a rich woman.  The woman used her for her pleasure and made her
lick her ass daily and beat her.  Later the woman fell in love with a black man
who turned her into his slave.  She had found her about 10 years later and
brought her from him for her vengeance.  The woman was now her own personal mail
and toilet slave.  Payback was hell, she thought, as she reached down and rubbed
her sore cunt again.  She could get horny so easy these days.

Get on all fours and crawl over here bitch, she yelled.

The woman immediately dropped on all fours and started crawling around to her
desk.  Her face was no longer red but flushed in excitement.  Sandra stood up
and removed her dress and bra letting her large breasts drop down in ease.  She
removed her panties as the woman finally arrived expecting to eat her cunt
again.  But Sandra was now in a playing move.

Turn around bitch, she yelled.

The woman turned around on all fours presenting her ass to Sandra for whatever
she demanded.  Sandra instead walked up and proceeded to sit on her back.  She
knew her weight must be a heavy load on the woman back and knew she couldn't
stay there long.

Slap.

Crawl bitch, she yelled.

Slap, slap.

Sandra enjoyed the feeling on her cunt as the woman tried to crawl around the
room with her sitting on her back.  She slapped her ass harder and harder not
because she wanted her to go faster but just because she wanted to.  The woman
was panting hard as they made the way around and her ass was a bright red by the
time Sandra let her quit.

Sandra got off.

Lay on your back bitch.

Sandra watched the woman fall down and turn on her back as she stepped up and
straddled her face.  She lowered her butt down on her forehead so her cunt was
over her mouth. 

Lap it up bitch, she said, wiggling her ass on her face.  You have 5 minutes to
make me cum or we'll do it again.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Training of a White Slut III

Donna continued riding the face of the white woman underneath as her legs kicked
wildly trying to get air from beneath.  Her tonguing was starting to get erratic
from lack of oxygen and Sandra knew she would pass out soon.  She came from her
first orgasm and was close to the second when the lady body went limp
underneath.  Rubbing her ass up and down on her nose for awhile, she signed and
got up and walked back to the desk.  She pressed the intercom.

Meg get your butt in here, she said on the com.

An elderly white lady entered the room.  Meg was the one who used to be Sandra
mistress.

Get Leroy to help you.  I want this all the hair off his cunt before she wakes
up and I want her hands and ankles cuffed.  Be sure to add a dog collar and
leash for my new pet too. Oh, and don't forget to be a mask on her face.  The
one that has a mouth opening only.  I'm going to get a snack down the street and
expect it to be done by the time I get back.

Sandra walked out the door knowing Meg would take care of everything.  She knew
she better or her ass would pay dearly later.  She walked down to the nearest
cafe and sat down for one of her favorite sandwiches.  There were lots of people
there and she enjoyed looking at them and wondering how each would service her
as her slave.  She finished and paid the waitress whom she knew was lesbian but
wouldn't admit it and left to go back.  She was in a good move today as her
stable was able to increase by two more in a couple of weeks.  The wife and her
husband whom she had already enslaved but the poor wife didn't know.  She was
sure Leroy and Meg would have the new slave in the playroom by now.  Nothing was
more degrading to a slut than to have all her hair removed.  Especially, when it
was going to be put on a butt plug and shoved up your own ass.  It always
humbled them.

As she entered the door to the adjacent room of the playroom, Meg was standing
there already with the long hair of the woman in her hand attaching it to a
dildo plug.  Meg had her own plug like it and had to wear it most of the day. 
The only reason she wasn't today was because the guest had arrived.   Sandra
admired the long brown hair taking it from Meg.

What about her cunt hairs, she demanded?

It's attached to the mouth plug mistress, Meg replied.

Sandra smiled.  Meg was now fully trained and could guest her thoughts now
without even being told.

Is she awake yet?  She asked.

Yes mistress, Meg smiled.  She awoke about 5 minutes ago when Leroy jabbed two
fingers in her butt hole.  She was quite upset when I showed her hair to her but
she was over the bench and couldn't do anything of course.  I put the hood on
her as requested.

Did you do anything else?  Sandra asked.

Meg looked scared.

I couldn't help but put my ass in her face Mistress, she said.  She was
complaining too much.

Sandra knew Meg had enjoyed every minute of it.

Take your butt downstairs to Leroy and tell him to give it twenty whacks with
the school paddle.  Sandra commanded.  Afterwards, he may be rewarded with a
blow job.

Meg was relieved and Sandra knew it.  Leroy would blister her ass good but later
she would have the pleasure of sucking on his big cock which she always enjoyed. 
She watched Meg almost run trying to get down there and smiled at her fat rump
swaying.

She decided it was time again for a little more fun with the pet and picked up
both of the dildos as she entered the room.

The woman was strapped over a bench with hands cuffed in back and ankles cuffed
below.  Her head was shaking as she entered and she asked if anyone was there.

Sandra smiled at the sight of the once proud woman and walked over.

Is my pet comfortable, she asked?

The woman started blabbering wildly about what had happen and her beautiful hair
as Sandra took a seat on a stool in front of her.  When she was done, Sandra
picked up the small dildo with the cunt hair.

Poor thing, she said.  Worried about all that nasty cunt hair you had down
there.  Don't worry, I have it right here.

She shoved the dildo hair end at the woman mouth so she could smell her own cunt
and enjoyed the gasps she made.  She wiggled it around and finally worked most
of the hair in her mouth.

See daring, your cunt hair is still here.  It's just where it belongs now.  The
woman was trying not to choke on the hair shoved in her mouth as Sandra finally
removed it from her face.

And your head hair is right here too, she continued on this fat butt plug I
have.  I am going to give your three guesses where I am going to shove it and if
you guess wrong, I am going to take my belt off and whack all that white off of
your fat ass.  So tell me cunt.

The woman hesitated only for a moment.

In my ass mistress, she replied.

Of course, Sandra laughed.  The right place for that worthless stuff you used to
spend days working on.  What a waste.  She got up and walked slowly behind her
as she noticed the woman ass tightening up in back anticipating that it was
about to be raped.  She slapped it between the cheeks.

Loosen your ass or I have to shove it up with one push, she commanded.

When she relaxed her muscles, Sandra reached down and spread the mounds with her
fingers around her brown hole poking out at her and started pushing the tip of
the plug slowly in her butt.  The woman was begging her to be gentle but Sandra
wasn't going to waste all of her day on her ass and had it in her asshole in no
time as the woman screamed in pain as it popped through.

Now that you are dress, I think it's time for my reward, Sandra said.
The Training of a White Slut IV

With the dildo firmly inserted in the woman asshole, Sandra twisted it a few
times as the woman howl out in pain.

There, there.  She said.  You should see what a pretty ass you have back here
now.  The next time I go for a ride, I think I will play with your tail.  It is
so smooth and long. 

She lightly pulled on the plug tail so the woman would get the message but not
enough to pull it out.  It was large enough, she will have trouble later, she
thought.

I think we should have some fun with those large knockers of yours just dangling
there, she said.  Don't you want me to play with them?

Yes mistress, the woman whispered half in tears.

Good, why don't we start out with just tweaking them a pick to get them nice and
firm, Sandra commented.

She reached down grabbing each one of the woman nipples, rubbing them hard
between her thumb and forefinger as the woman moaned from the discomfort.  When
they were enlarged, she started pulling them downward like she was milking a cow
to see how far she could pull them.

Please mistress, the woman begged.  It hurts so bad.

Come on cunt, I know you can take more than that.  Sandra laughed.  She slapped
both tits with the palm of her hand.  Oh that was fun.  Let's do it again.

The woman started yelling as Sandra started slapping her tits harder and harder
with her palm.  Her whole body was shaking with the impact of the slaps and her
ass was wiggling wildly in back.  Sandra was enjoying her pain as she continued
playing for a while longer.

My turn, Sandra said.  Standing up she walked in front of the woman and press
one of her large breast in the hole of the mask at her mouth.

Slap my tits with that tongue of yours cunt.  Ha, yes that's it.  Slap it
harder.

The woman was wagging her tongue hastily over Sandra tit to avoid any further
pain and then the other one that Sandra placed in her mouth. 

That's it baby, get slapping my tit, Sandra yelled in excitement. Oh yes.  She
leaned back slightly so her tongue had to reach out further.

Finally, she tired of the game and step back.  She reached over and unslipped
the back of the woman hood and pulled it off exposing her red face.

Oh what a pretty bald head you have there, she laughed.  I just love baldies
like you. 

She reached over and got her stood and put in the front of the panic stricken
woman.  Stepping up on it, her crotch was equal to her face and she push the
woman head slightly down and lean forward till her crotch was on her head.  She
started rubbing her clit on her head.  The woman was weeping down below as
Sandra kept rubbing till she climaxed.

She stepped off the stood.

That was so fun, she said.  Didn't you enjoy it cunt?

Yes mistress, the woman wept.

Now I am going to take a nice warm bath and send Leroy in here.  I promise him a
blowjob from a white girl today and when he gets here, you have 5 minutes to get
him off.  Is that understood, Pissy?

Yes mistress, the woman whispered.

Sandra turned and started for the door leaving the woman weeping behind.  She
knew Leroy had just been given a blowjob by Meg and wouldn't be able to come in
that short of period for nothing.  Oh well, she would just have to punished the
slut later.

She found Leroy and Meg still in the punishment room and Meg ass was fiery red. 
Leroy was resting on the chair when she entered.  Meg get your ass up and fix me
a bath.  Leroy, that slut in there needs a good mouth fucking so get there and
shove your cock in her whore mouth.  When you're done, you are to rinse her off
and bring her to the bathroom on all fours by her leash.  Is that understood?

But mistress, Leroy tried to complain.

No buts.  Get at it mister.

Meg had already run out of the room to prepare her bath and Leroy got up and
started back down the hall.  Sandra was not really Leroy mistress, but he let
her use him so he could enjoy the sluts she did have as slaves.  He could leave
any time he wanted.

She signed with that thought and went up and found her bath prepared with Meg
sitting on her knees by the side of the john.  She was prepared as usual to
drink her mistress pee if she wanted but today Sandra just wanted to rest for
awhile.

Clean my toilet so it will be clean when I get out, she commanded.

She stripped and stepped in the tub and laid back watching Meg tonguing the
sides and seat of the toilet.  Life was grand these days and she planned to
enjoy them to the max.  She reached over slapping Meg big ass before closing her
eyes imaging what she would do with the new slut later that day.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





