BDSM Library - My Girlfriend And Her Guests




My Girlfriend And Her Guests
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mia is a girlfriend that starts to bring male guests home by the end of a night on the town. His boyfriend is then made to watch and sometimes help her out.
MY GIRLFRIEND AND HER GUESTS
(F/MM, MM, D/S, CBT, Exhibition, Bondage, Home, Cockold, Hardcore)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I heard the door open and my girlfriend whispered:
- Quite, don't wake my boyfriend up. He is in the bedroom.
- Don't worry I'll bee quite as long as I am kissing you, was the answer from a man.
I heard how they stumbled through the hallway and into the living room. They giggled and I 
heard the man whisper:
- Oh, I really want your naked body, you're so beautiful. And I want to taste your pussy.
I was curious so I opened the bedroom door to hear them and then I had to watch them from 
distance. They were both naked on the sofa and the man went down to lick her pussy. I could 
see how she loved it. After a while they changed position and she licked his dick and then he 
put his dick in her pussy and fucked her wild. I got horny but didn't want to interrupt and 
went back to bed when they both came. This was the first time I've seen my girlfriend with 
another man, even if she told me from the beginning that she needed other men when it felt 
right for her.

Next morning I got up and went into the kitchen on my own. My girlfriend Mia and her guest 
were still sleeping. I decided to make coffee for the three of us, to make an impression on her. 
Then I read the morning paper waiting for them to wake up. After half an hour Mia came into 
the kitchen with only a T-shirt and no underwear. I could see the dried cum in her hairy pussy 
as she came up to me and gave me kiss. Then she said
- Good morning dear. How was your night?
- Fine dear, just as fine and yours, was my reply and I continued, I noticed that you never went 
to bed last night. 
- No I met someone and I didn't want wake you up. So we stayed in the living room instead 
and fucked. It was quite wild. 
She lifted her T-shirt and showed me her pussy. Then she placed one hand on the back of my 
head pushed me to her and made me smell and kiss it. At the same time her guest came into 
the kitchen. He wore also only a T-shirt and no underwear and came up to me and gave her a 
kiss from behind. I realised that his dick was about my size.
- This is Robert and he is my guest for the night. Mia said and I replied:
- Hi. I understand that you've had a nice time with Mia. I have made some coffee for the two 
of you, if you want some.
We had our breakfast together then Mia and her guest went into the living room to get dressed 
while I cleared the table. After that I went after them but I stopped in the doorway. 

Just before I was about to say something, then I saw the guest sitting on the sofa with Mia on 
top of him, face to face. She was riding fast and I realised that they  must have started right 
away after they left the kitchen. While riding him, his dick tended to slip out of her pussy 
over and over again. She noticed me watching and said:
- Come over here dear, I need your help. Every time his dick slips out of my pussy, can you 
help me put it back in again.
I came over to them and went down to my knees. Her beautiful ass was right in front of my 
face and I saw how the dick went in and out of her pussy. Then it slipped out and pointed 
right at me. I took it in my hand and placed it at her pussy and it got in again. This went on 
until he came in her and then I got up behind her and started to play with her clit while the 
dick was inside of her. She came after a little while. Finally I got up and made her suck my 
dick right in front of the face of our guest. He laughed while she played with me and it ended 
with her giving me a hand job shooting my cum all over her face. 

The guest left our apartment after this and the rest of the weekend went back to normal. Being 
cookolded by my girlfriend was a new experience, but I was more comfortable with it as she 
let me into action in the end. This experience really turned her on and we fucked several times 
that weekend and Mia couldn't get enough. She was a small delicious woman, with perfect B-
cup tits, a nice ass and long black hair. It was no wonder that she was attractive to other men, 
and I enjoyed being her boyfriend. 

Next weekend I had to work late again, like the Friday before. Mia saw her opportunity and 
told me to be ready by the phone in the middle of the night if she was lucky. At 1 a.m. the 
phone rang and I heard Mia whisper:
- Honey, I've been lucky tonight and have been pickup by a handsome guy. I am naked in his 
bed waiting for him now to return to the bedroom. Don't hang up, just listen to us while we 
fuck.
- Yes dear I will, was my answer a little bit jealous. Then I heard someone coming into the room 
and I heard Mia's voice and a stranger talking:
- Come over here handsome. I like to take a bit of that dick of yours. Mmm it's nice
- Ah you're an animal, you're so good. Suck my dick, that's great. Yes, more, yes, more.
- Your dick tastes fine, now I want you to lick my pussy. Come over here. That's fine, yes, 
better, closer, yes play with my clit, oh go on, I'm coming, I'm coming, yes.
- You're beautiful when you come, do you know that.
- Thank you for doing it great. Now come over here and fuck me. I want that dick inside of 
me now and don't come to too fast.
- Yes my lady, I certainly want to fuck you now. Get down on your knees so I can take you 
from behind first.
- A man that knows what he wants, that's great. Come now and fuck me.
- Here I come.
- Yes, yes, that's great. Now go on, don't stop. I want more
- Oh I love your pussy, I love your tight, wet, warm pussy.
- Go on, don't stop, faster, faster, yes. 
- Oh you're fine.
- Now take me really hard 
- Nice tits, I must have a bite of them
- Animal, just fuck me now and fill my pussy
- If you're ready, then hold your breath
- Ah yes, that's good, Deep inside, deep inside. Faster, aaah, faster, better
- Oh I'm coming, I'm coming, yes, yes I'm filling you pussy with my seed, yes you're great
- Mmm that was just what I wanted, a huge dick inside my pussy. We must do it again within 
an hour.
- Definitely, you are a marvellous woman.
Then the phone hangs up and I was alone in our bedroom, while my girlfriend was in a 
stranger's bed, getting fucked over and over again. Still I was turned on by it and couldn't 
help playing with myself.

Next morning I waited for Mia and she just never showed up. For every minute and every hour 
I got more and more concerned. Finally about noon she came, with a big smile. She came 
over to me right away and gave me a kiss and said.
- Hi dear, nice to be home again.
- I have longed for you so much, I replied. I need you here by my side.
- Don't worry, I am not leaving you. I just love to be fucked by strangers. Now feel here. She 
took my hand and put it inside of her underwear so I could get a finger inside of her pussy. 
Then she pulled it out and put it in my mouth, so I could lick it. Then she continued. That's 
the morning seed. Tastes good, don't you think so.
I was speechless but happy to have her home so I went into the shower with her. Like last 
weekend it all went back to normal, with a more intense sex life than ever before. We were 
both turned on by it.

Another week passed and the weekend approached. I had the Friday evening off this time, but 
Mia told me to stay home while she was about to go out with some friends in the evening. She 
said that if she was lucky, she would bring another guest home. I didn't like it, but at the same 
time followed everything she said. I waited to midnight and then I got to bed, even though I 
couldn't fall asleep. After a couple of hours I heard someone open the door and then I heard a 
Mia's voice
- Now come in here, this is where I rule.
- Sounds great, why don't you rule over me, a strange man said.
- I will, come here into my bedroom. My boyfriend is in there, but he has been restricted not 
to intervene. Mia continued.
They came into the dark bedroom and I could see how Mia undressed a man and started to 
play with his dick. Then the man undressed Mia and started to play with her. They got into 
bed and the man was on top of her, fucking her hard. He came within a couple of minutes. 
Then he rolled over and got between me and Mia and he looked straight into my eyes and 
smiled. Mia started to play with his dick to get another erection and then she got on top of 
him, placed in her pussy and started to ride him. I couldn't help myself raising my arm to 
touch her. When I did she looked at me and slapped my face. I was stunned and decided not to 
intervene. Mia continued to ride the dick and it took quite a while before she came, the she 
laid down on the other side of the bed. We fell all asleep again.

It was still dark when I heard them again. Now the stranger was on top of Mia while she was 
laying face down. She loved it and couldn't be quiet while he banged her pussy. They went on 
and on it felt like no one of them could get enough. Finally they slowed down and I was not 
sure if they came or not. The stranger rolled over between us again, we went back to sleep.

I don't know what time it was when I heard Mia and the stranger talk, but it was morning 
now. First I heard Mia say:
- That was great when you fucked me from behind. I really loved it.
- You've got a nice ass and with the right angel to get into your pussy from that position, the 
stranger replied. I also loved how you slapped you boyfriend, can't you do it again. It turns 
me on.
Mia smiled while they looked at each others. Then she went over to my side of the bed where 
I was laying on my back. She sat down on me smiled at the stranger and me, and then all of a 
sudden she slapped me again.
- Like this, she said
She did it several time after that and I tried to defend myself. I could see how much she liked 
to be in control. Then she got off and told me.
- Roll over, now.
I rolled over while she turned around and sat down on the side of my head, my arms were 
fixed underneath her legs. Then she started to slap my ass, until she told the stranger.
- I want you to help me out here, slap his ass.
The stranger did as he was told and started to slap my ass. My skin burned but I couldn't get 
off. Then Mia said.
- Now bite his ass hard.
Like before the stranger did as he was told, put his teeth in my ass and took a bite. I tried to 
scream but I couldn't as Mia was sitting on top of me and I could hardly breathe. Then she got 
of, told me to roll over again and sat down on my face. Now I had her puss over my mouth 
and it was even harder to breath. She started to slap my dick that was semi-hard even though I 
was treated this way. The stranger turned around and got behind of Mia so he could play with 
her tits. His balls were slapping my head and all of a sudden Mia lifted her ass as a bit and 
stuck his dick between her pussy and my mouth. They both liked it and the stranger started to 
move back and forth while he played with her clit and I did my best to breath. Mia came after 
while and got off my face, but the stranger remained in his position with his hard-on dick over 
my face. Then he asked her.
- Is it okay if fuck your boyfriend's mouth and throat?
- Of course she replied, go ahead.
Before I was able to say anything I had the dick in my mouth. Slowly he moved in and out 
while I did my best to get my teeth out of the way. Then he moved out, put a pillow under my 
neck so I had a straight line from my mouth down to my throat. He moved into my mouth 
again but now he pushed it down my throat and I couldn't help trying to throw up.  He didn't 
care about that, instead he gave me long moves from only taking his dickhead in my mouth to 
have the whole length of his dick down my throat. Off and on he took the dick out of my mouth 
and played it with his hand and when he was close to come, he put it back in again. When he 
finally came, I tried to swallow it. I realised then that Mia was sucking my dick at the 
same time as I came in her mouth. The stranger moved out of my mouth and went over to Mia 
and gave her a kiss.

After this the stranger got out of bed, said goodbye and left us on our own. I gave Mia a hug, 
but I couldn't make myself kiss her, as I just had had a dick in my mouth. Mia smiled at me, 
as if that was nothing to take notice of.  We fucked afterwards and it was really nice just being 
there with her. It took several months before Mia invited a guest again, but I realised that this 
was something that really turned her on. I knew that if I want to live with her, then this was 
something that I just had to accept.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





