BDSM Library - 28 Day Trial Period




28 Day Trial Period
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The last thing Mika expected to see when she came home from work was a nearly naked redhead lying bound to her bed. Eve is a special introductory offer for joining a slave club and Mika has her for 28 days before deciding whether to buy her or not. The trouble is Mika's not sure what to do. After all, what possible use can she have for a gorgeous, 22-year old American redhead who can't cook, can't clean and keeps losing the post?28-Day Trial Period 
F/f, bondage, D/s, slavery, reluctant 
The last thing Mika expected to see when she came home from work was a
    nearly naked redhead lying bound to her bed. Eve is a special introductory
    offer for joining a slave club and Mika has her for 28 days before deciding
    whether to buy her or not. The trouble is Mika's not sure what to do. After
    all, what possible use can she have for a gorgeous, 22-year old American
    redhead who can't cook, can't clean and keeps losing the post? 
The last thing Mika expected to see when she came home from work was a nearly
  naked redhead lying bound to her bed. She paused, slightly confused by the
  sight, and, rather than do anything immediately, she looked closely at the
  young woman. 
She would be in her early twenties, probably a few years younger than Mika,
  who was twenty-six. Her skin was pale and alabaster, her hair a natural and
  very sexy red. It was long, too, almost down to her waist, or Mika imagined
  it would be when she was standing up. Mika always liked long hair on women. 
Her breasts were a very nice and shapely D cup, almost falling out of the
  frilly white bra she was (barely) wearing. One pink nipple was just about visible.
  The girl had long legs, smooth and toned, with not a hint of cellulite, stretched
  out to the base of the bed and manacled together by a short length of chain,
  no more than a foot long. 
Her arms were pulled over her head, her wrists linked by a similarly short
  chain that ran through the gaps in the headboard. A large ball gag filled her
  mouth, and a leather collar adorned her neck. Other than the bra and the equally
  lacey white panties, that was all she wore. 
Mika set down her briefcase and looked at the girl admiringly. She was something,
  all right. A perfect beauty, all natural, even down to the terrified look in
  her hazel eyes. The only question was, what was she doing here? 
Some sort of practical joke? Mika disregarded that. The only friends who knew
  where she lived weren't the sort to come up with something like this. The only
  friends she had who would come up with something like this didn't know where
  she lived. 
Something more sinister? Mika supposed she should be afraid, but somehow she
  had no feeling that she herself was in danger. If this girl had been kidnapped,
  then Mika did not imagine she would be threatened. 
It was while she was musing, that she noticed the white envelope on the floor.
  Evidently the girl had kicked it away from the bed in her futile struggles
  to escape her chains. Frowning irritably at her, Mika picked up the envelope
  and opened it. 
Dear Miss Iwai , it began. Welcome to your membership of the
    House of Chains and Whips. As you know we are Europe's foremost supplier
    of slaves, both male and female, as well as all the equipment you will need
    to keep and discipline your slaves. 
The full terms and conditions of your membership will be following soon,
    under plain packaging as is our custom. It will also contain your first catalogue.
    We should remind you that it is a condition of your membership that you make
    at least one purchase from your first four issues. Other than that, you are
    free to cancel at any time with notice in writing. 
We hereby enclose your free gift for joining. Her name is Eve, although
    you are of course free to change that at your convenience. She is yours for
    the next twenty-eight days. She is a newly captured slave, untrained and
    untouched by women. We hope you enjoy her! 
If after your trial period with her is up, you wish to return her, you
    may do so with nothing to pay. If you wish to keep her, you may do so by
    contacting our helpline. 
Thank you again for joining Europe's premiere slavers guild, and we wish
    you lots of fun with your new slave girl. 
&quot;Huh,&quot; Mika said, putting down the letter. 
She vaguely remembered joining this House of Chains and Whips. She had received
  something through the post, a legacy of an old mailing list. It had sounded
  interesting and she had decided to send off her name and address. She hadn't
  really read it that clearly. Surely it had just been for a mailing list, right? 
She certainly hadn't expected something like this. 
&quot;You just wait there,&quot; she told the helpless girl, who was whimpering
  into her tight ball gag. 
The letter had a helpline number, which she promptly rang from her main phone
  in the hall. A helpful sounding woman answered. 
&quot;Hello. I think you just delivered a half-naked girl to my house.&quot; 
&quot;Can I have your membership number, please?&quot; Mika read it from the
  top of the letter. &quot;Mika Iwai. Yes, an incentive for joining our club.
  Is there a problem?&quot; 
&quot;No problem. It's just a little... strange, that's all.&quot; 
&quot;You can return her if you wish...&quot; 
&quot;No, that's okay. Can I just check... um... what am I allowed to do with
  her?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, largely whatever you like. She's a slave after all. Legally processed
  and everything. There should be a copy of her papers in the envelope with your
  letter.&quot; Mika checked, and there they were. They looked legal enough,
  she supposed. &quot;Technically, she's on a trial period with you. If you don't
  want her, you can return her after twenty-eight days. If she has any permanent
  marks or alterations, you will be charged full price for her.&quot; 
&quot;And that is?&quot; 
&quot;One hundred and ninety nine pounds, ninety nine. You can pay in installments
  if you'd prefer. Five, seven or ten monthly payments.&quot; 
&quot;I see. Well, thank you. This was a little unexpected.&quot; 
&quot;Everything was covered in your application pack.&quot; 
&quot;Ah... yes...&quot; Mika had a dim memory of throwing out a large pile
  of old newspapers a few days ago. There may have been some other things jumbled
  in with them. &quot;Well, thank you.&quot; 
&quot;We're open twenty-four hours a day if you have any questions. Is this
  your first slave girl?&quot; 
&quot;My first proper slave girl, yes. I had a relationship with a girl who
  was a sub for a bit but...&quot; 
&quot;It's a completely different experience. Is there anything else I can
  help you with?&quot; 
&quot;No, that's fine, thank you.&quot; 
&quot;We'll be in touch with you in four weeks so you can decide if you want
  to keep her or not. Have a good month.&quot; 
&quot;Thank you. You, too.&quot; 
Mika made herself a cup of coffee and sat down, reading the slave papers carefully.
  They all seemed legal enough, and she checked them twice to be sure. It seemed
  Eve was American and had been captured while on holiday in Algeria. Her captors
  had sold her on to a slave company, who had properly and legally registered
  her as a slave under the UN Human Enslavement and Submission Treaty 1999 (ratified
  into UK law by the Human Enslavement and Submission Act 2001). The House of
  Chains and Whips had bought her from them. 
Mika was not a lawyer (she worked for an insurance company) and she was no
  expert on the laws regarding slavery. While the thought of an almost naked
  redhead lying tied up on her bed was definitely a distracting thought, she
  decided to go online and check things out a little further. 
Half an hours searching later (a good ten minutes of which was spent deleting
  the spam from her e-mail) she was satisfied she knew what the situation was.
  Eve was a legally registered slave. The law allowed her to be used as a slave
  for a wide variety of purposes. UK law did not allow the registration or capture
  of slaves on British soil, but did allow the import and ownership of slaves
  from abroad. There were also limits on the amount of violence permitted to
  a slave. Killing a slave was still an act of murder, 'excessive' violence could
  lead to prosecution for assault. The law seemed unclear there, but it basically
  came down to anything that would require taking her to hospital. An owner could
  not be prosecuted for raping her slave, but anyone else could be if they did
  so without permission of the owner. 
Satisfied with this, Mika returned to her bedroom. 
Eve resumed whimpering pathetically when she saw her. Mika looked down at
  her. She had clearly been struggling, and her bra had become dislodged partly,
  revealing one flawless, creamy white breast. 
&quot;You are a slave,&quot; she said. &quot;Do you understand what that means?&quot; 
With a whimper, the redhead shook her head. Mika wondered if that was just
  an expression of denial, or if Eve genuinely didn't know what that meant. Maybe
  the latter. Americans weren't that bright, and if she had put herself in a
  position to be abducted in Algeria, she must be even less clever than most
  of them were. 
Sighing, the pretty Asian woman removed Eve's gag. 
&quot;Please!&quot; Eve screamed. &quot;Please, don't hurt me.&quot; 
&quot;I'm not going to...&quot; 
&quot;Please, don't hurt me! Don't kill me!&quot; 
&quot;I'm not...&quot; 
&quot;Please! Please, for the love of God!&quot; 
Mika had had enough of this. She slapped Eve, a stinging but not patricularly
  hard blow across the face. It actually hurt Mika's hand. Eve fell silent, tears
  rising prettily to her eyes. 
&quot;Okay, first things first. You speak when I say you can, and you don't
  interrupt me. Ever. Got that?&quot; Mutely, the girl nodded. &quot;Good.&quot; Mika
  shook her hand. That slap had hurt. &quot;Second, my name's Mika You call me
  'Mistress'. Or 'Mistress Mika'. something like that, anyway. Something showing
  respect. Thirdly... um... thirdly, you're a slave. Got that? All legal and
  everything. Now, I can do some things to you, but I can't hurt you too badly.
  I'm not going to kill you, or... break your bones or anything, because I can't.
  That's not legal. 
&quot;By the looks of it, I've got you on a trial period, and after that I
  get to decide if I want to keep you. If I don't then... well, for all I know,
  you get sold on to someone else. Maybe somewhere the laws about treating slaves
  aren't as strict. You with me so far?&quot; 
Eve nodded again, her eyes wide and frightened. 
Mika sighed. &quot;You can speak.&quot; 
&quot;Yes... Mistress... Mistress Mika... yes, I... I understand... I...&quot; 
&quot;Good. The key to these things should be around somewhere.&quot; After
  a bit of looking around, she remembered the keys to Eve's chains had been in
  a tiny envelope inside the one with the letter. She freed the American girl's
  wrists, pulled her forward from the bed, and then clipped the manacles together
  again in front of her. 
&quot;Now, be nice, do what I say and... well... I know this might sound harsh,
  but you should try and accept your new situation. It'll be far better that
  way. Hey, maybe you'll get freed eventually. It's possible, I think.&quot; 
&quot;Mistress! You could... free me?&quot; 
&quot;If I wanted to pay two hundred quid for you, then yes, but if I spent
  that much money on you, I'd want to keep you, and I'm none too sure about that
  yet.&quot; 
&quot;I can pay. I have money...&quot; 
&quot;Actually, no you don't. When your slavery was registered, it was as
  if you died. Your possessions would have been divided up according to US probate
  law, or the law of whichever state you were from. You've got nothing at the
  moment.&quot; 
Mika stretched. She was still in her work clothes. &quot;Now, I'm tired and
  I'm hungry. I'm going to change and have a bath. When I'm done, I want dinner
  ready. Can you cook?&quot; 
She looked a little puzzled. &quot;Um... a little.&quot; 
&quot;Pasta, then. The kitchen's through here.&quot; Mika showed Eve the way,
  although it was doubtful she could have gotten lost. Mika pointed out where
  the pasta, the sauces and the pans were. 
&quot;You want me to cook like this?&quot; Eve raised her chained hands. Mika
  looked at her. 
&quot;You should have enough range of movement. It's not exactly brain surgery,
  after all.&quot; 
&quot;Wearing this?&quot; 
&quot;Hmm... you've got a point.&quot; Looking around, Mika found one of her
  old aprons, barely used. Holding Eve's arms out, she tied the apon around her
  waist. It covered her upper body down to her mid thighs. Oddly, she looked
  even sexier in the plain green apron than she had in just the underwear. 
&quot;There. It shouldn't be too difficult. Oh, make some for yourself as
  well. You're probably hungry.&quot; 
&quot;Yes.&quot; 
&quot;Off you go, then.&quot; 
Mika was deep in thought as she ran her bath, adding the scented oils she
  liked. It was one of her favourite ways to unwind after a day at work. The
  water was warm but not too hot and she slid her naked body into it slowly. 
She wouldn't be giving Eve a run for her money in the sexiness stakes, but
  Mika was certainly pretty enough. She had a combination of Japanese, Korean
  and British ancestry and that gave her an exotic, alluring look. Lightly golden
  skin, long dark hair, light brown eyes, a sexy figure. She worked out regularly
  at the gym, watched her weight, took care over her appearance. 
Now, she thought, relaxing in the hot water, what to do about her new slave?
  She thought briefly about having Eve in here with her and smiled. That was
  a... nice image. But... probably not yet. Eve seemed quite fragile about her
  new status. Mika should probably start slow before working up to the full sex
  thing. Besides, slave or not, Mika would feel quite awkward about actually
  raping her. She would prefer Eve to be a willing sex slave, as much as was
  possible. 
Also, the bath would be far too small for both of them. 
But still... a slave of her own. A hot one at that. There could certainly
  be worse ways to come home from work. 
She could afford to pay for Eve, but she wasn't sure about the upkeep costs.
  There would have to be food, clothing (some at least), chains and collars and
  cages and all that. Mika tried running some figures through in her mind. She
  thought she could afford to keep Eve, but things might be tight for a while.
  She still had loans to pay off. 
She couldn't send Eve out to work, because she would have no National Insurance
  Number and couldn't gain one. Prostituting Eve out would be distasteful, and
  illegal. She remembered reading online that she could be prosecuted for living
  off immoral earnings. 
She could use Eve as a model. That was legal, she thought. 
Aaaggghh. She was going to have to get proper legal advice, that was all there
  was to it. She wondered if there were any solicitors who specialised in slave
  law. 
She was just getting out of the bath and towelling herself down when she heard
  the doorbell ring. She was about to call out for Eve to answer it when she
  stopped, wondering what whoever it was would think if a half-naked redhead
  opened the door. 
The ringing became more insistent as Mika pulled on a dressing gown and rushed
  to the door. She noticed she couldn't hear any noise from the kitchen. Or smell
  any food either. 
Oh no... 
&quot;Who is it?&quot; she asked. The door chain had been left off. 
&quot;Police, ma'am. I'm WPC Davies.&quot; The voice was stern and authoritative
  with just a hint of a Welsh accent. &quot;Are you Mika Iwai?&quot; 
&quot;Yes.&quot; Mika looked through the eyehole and saw a woman who was clearly
  a police officer standing in the corridor. And beside her... Mika sighed and
  opened the door. &quot;Come in.&quot; 
The policewoman entered, Eve following her. The redhead was still wearing
  the chains Mika had left on her, and the apron and underwear. Did she really
  think she'd get far like that? 
&quot;Is this your slave, ma'am?&quot; WPC Davies asked. She was quite attractive,
  perhaps thirty, with a pleasant heart-shaped face. 
&quot;Yes,&quot; Mika said, looking at Eve darkly. &quot;I have the papers,
  if you need to see them.&quot; 
&quot;I'd better, thank you.&quot; Mika fetched and handed them over. &quot;These
  all seem in order. Ah, a trial period, I see. Ma'am, did you grant her permission
  to go outside.&quot; 
&quot;No. I didn't.&quot; 
&quot;We caught her a few streets away, begging for money. She's very lucky.
  Anyone could have found her. Did you know that you are responsible if your
  slave commits a criminal offence?&quot; 
&quot;But... she ran away. I didn't send her out there...&quot; 
&quot;I believe you, but that's a matter of negligence rather than intent.
  There'll be no charges pressed, given this is your first slave girl and you've
  only had her a few hours. Just to warn you, that's all.&quot; She grinned. &quot;Besides,
  getting a look at her... well, let's just say that made my day. You've got
  a... uh... very hot piece of property there, ma'am.&quot; 
&quot;Ah... yes... I see that.&quot; 
&quot;Have fun with her, and be more careful in future. Someone else may have
  decided to charge you. Also, if she gets hurt having escaped, you could be
  liable for her injuries through negligence.&quot; 
&quot;Oh, don't worry. I'll make sure she doesn't get a chance to go anywhere
  again.&quot; 
Eve said nothing throughout this, waiting until the policewoman left. Mika
  made sure to bolt the door and put the chain on, then she turned to the trembling
  redhead. 
&quot;I see you didn't start on tea. Well, I guess I'm going to have to order
  take out. I really don't feel like cooking. But first...&quot; She advanced
  on her slave girl. 
&quot;You can't do this to me!&quot; Eve cried. &quot;I'm not... not a slave.
  I'm an American citizen. I've got the right to be free.&quot; 
&quot;A right given you by people who owned slaves, remember.&quot; Mika stripped
  her apron from the redhead, leaving Eve in just her frilly and dishevelled
  underwear. &quot;Besides, America was one of the first countries to ratify
  the treaty about slavery. After... um... Japan and France, I think. A lot of
  Americans quite like the idea of owning slaves again, by the sounds of it.&quot; 
&quot;But...&quot; 
&quot;Shut up!&quot; Mika slapped her again and Eve fell back, tears rising
  in her eyes. &quot;I told you not to interrupt me.&quot; She paused. &quot;Right.
  Um... What was I...? Oh, yes. I need to order some food and I need to make
  sure you don't go running away anywhere.&quot; 
She pushed Eve over to the corner and lay her down, removing the cuffs and
  then replacing them so that she was chained to the radiator pipes. She also
  resecured the chains around her ankles. Lastly, she applied the ball gag. 
Mika then rang up her local Chinese take away and placed an order. She dressed
  while waiting for it to arrive, just a casual jeans, T-shirt and jumper. 
She must have planned to do something tonight, but she couldn't remember what.
  Oh, well, probably another night spent lounging in front of the telly. Just
  to think of it, a sexy, almost naked redhead lying chained up and helpless
  in her living room, and she was just going to sit there and watch TV. 
Mika looked at her. Eve was beautiful, no doubt about that. Mika could rape
  her. That was perfectly legal. She could touch her, kiss her, wear her strap-on
  and... 
No, she couldn't. Not in her own mind. She had play-acted rape with her last
  girlfriend, but that had just been... playing. This was different. If Eve came
  to accept being her slave, that would be another matter. 
But she wanted to. Oh, how she wanted to. 
She had wanted to own a beautiful slave girl for as long as she could remember.
  Perhaps as a cruel princess, or a criminal mastermind or a wicked sorceress.
  Something fantastical, magical. 
She had never thought she would own a slave girl as a claims handler for an
  insurance company. 
There was nothing on TV again, not surprisingly, but she found something to
  watch while she ate her take away. She would really need to work this off later,
  but... feh. 
She became aware of a whimpering from the corner. Eve was looking at her,
  eyes large and wide and pleading. 
&quot;Oh, you're hungry.&quot; The redhead nodded. &quot;Well, I think I'm
  under a duty not to let you starve to death, but other than that, I can certainly
  let you go a few days without any food.&quot; Eve whimpered pathetically. 
Mika sighed. She really was too nice to be a slave-owner. 
She poured some of the food onto a separate plate and placed it on the floor
  next to Eve. For a moment, she considered the logistics of the situation and
  finally decided to remove Eve's gag and feed her like a baby. Eve said nothing
  and took the food, but there were tears in her eyes. 
Mika didn't replace the gag when she was done, but she washed the plates and
  settled back down on the sofa. She watched TV for another fifteen minutes or
  so and the suddenly turned it off. 
&quot;What you did was very stupid, you know.&quot; Eve said nothing. &quot;You
  could have got me in real trouble, let alone yourself. What if some men found
  you. Dressed like that? A legal slave? They could have raped you and that wouldn't
  even have been a crime. At least, I don't think so.&quot; 
&quot;I... can't be a slave.&quot; 
&quot;Why not? Did you protest when your Government passed the law making
  it legal? Some people did over here, you know. Marches in London and everything.
  The Bill only just passed through Parliament. They had to add all sorts of
  conditions and restrictions to get it passed.&quot; 
&quot;No,&quot; she sobbed. &quot;I... I didn't.&quot; 
&quot;Let me guess... your family used to be rich.&quot; 
&quot;They are rich.&quot; 
&quot;Own a few slaves themselves, perhaps?&quot; 
&quot;My... father... has a few. My brother has one.&quot; 
&quot;So, slavery's okay, as long as it doesn't happen to you.&quot; 
&quot;No... I... please... don't hurt me.&quot; 
&quot;I'm not going to hurt you. I could, but I won't. And I'm sorry I slapped
  you. That was just... me being angry. But listen, you can't do anything that
  stupid again. Not while you're with me. You understand?&quot; 
&quot;Yes.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, what?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; 
Mika frowned. That did not sound as good as she had hoped it would. &quot;Look,&quot; she
  said, &quot;there could be worse people to serve than me. A man would have
  raped you by now. More than once, probably. Maybe invited his friends around
  for a gang bang.&quot; Her eyes were wide at that. &quot;I'm not going to hurt
  you. I'm not going to rape you. If you don't want to serve me, then fine...
  I'll return you at the end of the twenty-eight days and you can take your chances
  with the next person who buys you.&quot; 
&quot;You could free me.&quot; 
&quot;I'd have to pay the company if I did that.&quot; 
&quot;My father would pay. He can afford it easily. He'd pay you double.&quot; 
&quot;I don't even know what the law is on freeing slaves. I'd have to check.&quot; 
&quot;Please... I... I don't want to be a slave.&quot; 
Mika sighed. She really, really wanted to whip this girl, to sit on her, to
  rape her, to make her scream. In her mind that was all so attractive, so wonderful,
  but there was a difference wanting to do it and actually doing it. 
&quot;Go to sleep,&quot; she said, gently. 
&quot;Like this?&quot; 
&quot;Think yourself lucky I don't buy a dog kennel and make you sleep in
  there. Good night, Eve.&quot; 
&quot;Good night,&quot; she said, hollowly. It was only a few moments later
  that she added, &quot;Mistress Mika.&quot; 
---------- 
Mika woke up, showered, dressed, had breakfast and went to work. She was just
  outside her front door when she remembered about Eve. The American had been
  asleep in the living room when Mika had got up and she really hadn't noticed
  her. Mika was more than half-asleep herself, to be honest. She hadn't slept
  well, being slightly distracted. 
She returned home and woke up her sleeping slave. 
Eve blinked, revealing beautiful green eyes, still partly stained with tears. &quot;Oh,&quot; she
  said, hanging her head. &quot;I hoped it was a dream, but...&quot; 
Mika looked at her watch. She'd be late for work at this rate. Well, her company
  worked on flexi-time, so she wouldn't be actually late, but she'd have to make
  up the time later. 
She had a sudden, random thought of when she wanted to get a pet dog a couple
  of years ago. She'd decided against it, because she knew she wouldn't have
  the time to look after it. Now she owned a slave for the next four weeks. 
Her expression obviously changed, because Eve's face twisted with fear. &quot;I'm
  sorry, Mistress,&quot; she said. &quot;Please don't hurt me.&quot; 
&quot;I'm not going to hurt you.&quot; She undid the handcuffs and let Eve
  stand up. &quot;I've got to go to work. Look, can you... look after yourself
  here all day?&quot; 
&quot;What... what do you want me to do?&quot; 
Hmm... Mika hadn't given that much thought. &quot;Clean the house,&quot; she
  said. &quot;And... ah... do the washing-up. And the laundry. And... whatever
  else needs doing. Ahh... help yourself to some food. You might want to have
  a shower as well, if you like. Do not leave the flat.&quot; She paused. &quot;Unless
  there's a fire or something. You can leave the flat then. Tell anyone you're
  my cousin, staying over.&quot; Mika paused again. Okay, that was ridiculous.
  Eve looked nothing at all like her. Tall, white, American, looked like a supermodel.
  Mika, smaller, Asian... 
&quot;Tell them you're my penpal from America. But don't go out unless there's
  a fire. Or an emergency. Or something. Don't answer the phone. Or the door.
  No one ever rings my landline anyway.&quot; Mika paused again. God! Owning
  a slave was such hard work. 
Had she forgotten anything? She realised she'd been talking very fast, rambling
  a little incoherently. Oddly enough, she found it quite hard keeping her train
  of thought when talking with a half-naked, gorgeous redhead. 
&quot;Just... use your common sense.&quot; Assuming she had any. She had been
  captured as a slave, after all. 
&quot;Now, I really have to get off to work. You get all that?&quot; 
Eve nodded. She looked a little dumbfounded. This would all be new to her,
  too. 
Mika nodded and then left. She came back a moment later, having realised she'd
  forgotten her wallet. And then a moment after that for her keys. 
Work was a nightmare. It wasn't much fun at the best of times, but she couldn't
  focus at all today. She made a number of little mistakes, time seemed to drag
  and her boss was being particularly annoying. Finally, she decided to finish
  a little early. Besides, there was something she had to do. 
She'd had a look in the local directory and found a local solicitors who specialised
  in, among other things, slave law. They also had a fairly large Consumer Protection
  department, so, if anyone she knew saw her going there, she planned to say
  she had ordered a dodgy microwave and the shop wouldn't refund her. 
Fortunately, she'd managed to book an appointment for half past four that
  afternoon. That would put her a little down on her hours today, but that was
  what flexi-time was for, right? 
The solicitor was called Natasha Marshall and Mika was surprised to find she
  was quite young, probably no more than 25 or 26. She was blond, quite pretty
  and very smartly dressed. She had a gorgeous smile. 
&quot;How can I help you, Miss Iwai?&quot; she said. 
Slowly, Mika outlined her problem. &quot;Basically,&quot; she said, concluding. &quot;I
  want to know what my situation is. What can I do, how does the law work? I
  mean, she almost got arrested last night. What if she sets fire to my apartment,
  or something?&quot; 
&quot;First time slave owner, hmm?&quot; Mika nodded. &quot;Well, to be honest,
  the law in this area is in a bit of flux. It's all very new and a lot of matters
  haven't been really cleared up yet. There's still a lot of cases working their
  way up to the House of Lords and they should clarify things a lot. 
&quot;The way things stand at the moment, is... Legally, she's not a person.
  She has no right to vote, to own property, she's not covered by the various
  human rights conventions, nothing like that. She does have a very limited form
  of human rights guaranteed her by the various slavery based statutes and statutory
  instruments. You can't kill her, or mutilate her.&quot; 
&quot;How far can I go?&quot; Mika asked. &quot;I mean, I'm not planning on
  cutting her arms off, or anything, but what about... oh, I don't know... whipping
  her, caning, anything like that?&quot; 
&quot;That's one of the grey areas. The Act specifically allows... what was
  the wording, ah yes. 'Normal methods of discipline and punishment as would
  be considered entirely appropriate between Master and slave.' Master includes
  'Mistress', so don't worry about that. The problem is, of course, what exactly
  that means and... well... we don't know. The general legal view is that a caning
  or whipping would be fine, as long as the instruments used were properly licensed
  for the purpose. 
&quot;The Act also mentions discipline and punishment, so I'd advise that
  if you were to cane her, it shouldn't be just because you feel like it, but
  in response to her doing something wrong. What that has to be is a little unclear.
  To be honest, I'd reckon you were all right with anything up to leaving marks
  that don't fade after, say, a fortnight. A man was prosecuted for caning a
  slave girl and leaving marks on her breasts that stayed there for a month,
  but the charges were dropped.&quot; 
&quot;So, if I use proper tools and don't do anything too bad, I should be
  all right.&quot; 
&quot;Basically, yes. I know I've been a little vague, but I'm afraid the
  law in this area is a little vague at the moment.&quot; 
&quot;What about if she does something? Breaks the law?&quot; 
&quot;You're liable. Totally. She's your property. Anything and everything
  she does is considered to be at your direct order. You would have to prove
  it wasn't, which obviously isn't easy. And even then, you'd be liable for a
  lesser version of whatever crime she committed, based on your negligence rather
  than deliberate action. My advise, keep her under very close supervision unless
  you trust her absolutely.&quot; 
&quot;What if she escapes?&quot; 
&quot;You have to report her missing, much the same way as you would report
  a stolen credit card or car. If you don't, you can still be liable for any
  crimes she commits. At the very least, you're technically guilty of encouraging
  illegal immigration. I mean, she's not a British citizen - she can't be, because
  British citizens can't be enslaved in Britain - and you've been involved in
  bringing her into the country. 
&quot;If you do report her missing, then you can in theory be charged with
  negligent owning of a slave. You'd get some points on your record - usually
  three. You can get points for various other things as well. Get twelve points
  and you're banned from owning slaves for a year. The ones you have will be
  taken into custody and sold at private auctions.&quot; 
&quot;What about releasing her?&quot; 
Natasha blinked and looked genuinely surprised. &quot;Why would you want to
  do that?&quot; 
&quot;Just curious. Can I?&quot; 
&quot;Well... oddly enough, there aren't any provisions in the Act for releasing
  a slave. There are sections about slaves whose status isn't properly registered
  and so on, but that doesn't seem to be the case here, although I'll need to
  see her slavery papers to be absolutely certain on that one. 
&quot;Umm... Well, legally there's no framework for freeing her. You could
  allow her some autonomy, but she won't be recognised as a legally free individual.
  I'm guessing that some of the immigration laws would apply. She'd be treated
  as an illegal immigrant here if you turfed her loose. She couldn't claim asylum
  or persecution or anything like that. 
&quot;They'd probably deport her back to her country of origin. And I'd imagine
  she'd probably just be re-enslaved when she got there. You might get some points
  on your slave-owning record as well.&quot; 
&quot;Oh... uh... thanks.&quot; 
&quot;Don't worry about it. Anything else?&quot; 
&quot;Ah... no. I think that's about it. I just wanted to know where I stood.&quot; 
&quot;I'll do you a letter within a week or so, just outlining all of this
  in writing. We've got a few basic leaflets in reception you can take. There's
  also addresses for some local slave-owning help groups. The hold meetings and
  parties and so on. Help yourself.&quot; 
&quot;Thank you... Umm... Sorry if this is a personal question or anything,
  but... do you own any slaves yourself?&quot; 
&quot;Not at all. Two. Both girls. One Indian, one American, like yours. Both
  of them work here as office juniors. We used to pay our old juniors next to
  nothing anyway. Now we have juniors we can pay actually nothing.&quot; 
&quot;Oh... okay.&quot; 
---------- 
Mika picked up the leaflets and stuffed them into her handbag, hoping no one
  on the bus would notice them. Slave owning was still looked down upon in Britain,
  even although it was entirely legal. She didn't want anyone knowing she owned
  a slave any more than she wanted anyone knowing she was a lesbian. 
She returned home and no sooner had she closed the door than she smelled smoke. 
Oh, no. Not a fire! Oh, God, had something happened? She hadn't been thinking
  clearly when she left work this morning? Had she left something on ? Why had
  she gone to the solicitors instead of coming straight home? 
The smell came from the kitchen and she sprinted in there. Her eyes immediately
  went to smoke pouring from the oven. Eve was standing against the wall, looking
  horrified. 
Mika grabbed a towel and made for the oven. Eve had evidently been trying
  to grill something. Whatever it was, it was now unidentifiable, blackened and
  charred, smoke coming from it and from the tin foil used to cover the grill
  pan. 
Wincing, for she could feel the heat clearly even through the towel, Mika
  hauled the grill pan and 'food' to the sink, dropped it in and turned on the
  tap. There was a rush of steam and a hissing noise, but the flames went out.
  She then turned off the grill and dropped the singed towel. 
It was only then that she turned to Eve. &quot;What did you...?&quot; She
  stopped. 
Her slave was not dressed as she had been this morning, in very skimpy underwear.
  She was wearing one of Mika's shirts, one of the ones she had dropped in the
  laundry basket. Only, Eve was quite a bit taller than her Mistress, and the
  shirt only came down to her midriff, revealing a perfect belly and those long,
  long legs. The shirt was only partly buttoned up, as Eve evidently couldn't
  button it up past her breasts, and so her cleavage was incredibly pronounced. 
She didn't wear anything below the waist (probably because Mika knew she would
  have absolutely nothing to fit her there) save for some white socks, which
  only came just above her ankles. 
&quot;What are you wearing?&quot; Mika asked, slightly nonplussed. Oddly,
  the redhead looked even sexier dressed like that than she had in just her underwear. 
&quot;I'm sorry,&quot; Eve muttered. &quot;I'm sorry, Mistress... I didn't
  mean to.&quot; 
&quot;Calm down. I'm not annoyed.&quot; She was, a little, but the way Eve
  looked... 
&quot;I took a few things from your laundry. I just wanted something to wear
  during the day. The laundry was full and there were a few things left and I
  was going to put them in the second basket, but I forgot...&quot; 
&quot;That's all right. Don't worry about it. Really. What about trying to
  burn my kitchen down?&quot; 
Her eyes widened. &quot;I wasn't. I swear. It was an accident. Mistress, I...&quot; 
&quot;It was a joke.&quot; Eve looked at her blankly. &quot;Never mind. I
  take it you've never actually cooked before.&quot; Eve shook her head. &quot;Oh
  well, take out again tonight. I'm going to go and change.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; Eve began to undo the buttons on her shirt. 
&quot;No,&quot; Mika said. &quot;You can keep that on. Really. I don't mind.&quot; 
She really didn't. Eve did look very hot like that. 
---------- 
That was the problem. The more time Mika spent with her slave, the hotter
  Eve looked. 
It wasn't just her appearance. It was everything about her. After that first
  night, Eve seemed to have picked up obedience. The thought of being sold to
  someone else obviously awoke something within her, and she was determined to
  serve her new Mistress as well as she could. 
Unfortunately, that wasn't very well. She learned, eventually, to use the
  microwave. Mika decided against letting her loose on the oven and grill, not
  that she used either herself much anyway. 
Eve was able to do the laundry and cleaning. She managed to do them without
  any real difficulty (although she did once shrink one of Mika's favourite T-shirts).
  She did prove to be a helpful and useful slave girl. 
Neither of them spoke anything about any other type of service. Eve seemed
  not to notice Mika's attention of her. It was possible she didn't realise Mika
  was a lesbian. She certainly seemed to be rather unself-conscious about parading
  around half-naked. She'd evidently gotten used to it. 
Eve got to be easier around her. She still called Mika 'Mistress', but only
  when she remembered, which was about half the time. The fear left her eyes
  when she realised Mika wasn't going to hit her again. Mika even let her sleep
  on the sofa, unbound. 
One night, Mika, unable to sleep, went to the kitchen to get some water and
  noticed her slave asleep. Eve was wearing another of Mika's shirts and the
  same underwear she had been delivered in. One of her legs was propped over
  the armrest of the sofa, long and white and soft. 
Mika stared at her. Eve looked so helpless. A lock of her long hair trailed
  over her shoulder. The only light was that from the bedside light in her bedroom
  and the moonlight through the half-drawn curtains. Eve looked pale and gorgeous
  in that light. 
Mika could rape her. That wasn't a crime. Eve was her slave. She could tie
  Eve up, whip her, force her to do things. She could put on her strap-on and
  fuck her hard. Eve was a slave. There was nothing she could do about it. 
Nothing at all. 
Mika stood there for a long time, watching the rise and fall of her slave's
  lovely breasts. To touch them, hold them, crush them in her hands, rain kisses
  on them, take those pink nipples between her teeth... 
Mika's hand clenched into a fist. Her knees began to tremble. 
How long since she'd had sex? Months. Oh, she had a vibrator and some books
  and videos but she hadn't used anything recently. Not since... not since Eve
  came... 
What was the point in having a sexy slave girl if you didn't put her to the
  use intended? Eve would never make a good cleaner or cook or anything like
  that. But as a fuck toy, she would be superb... 
Mika remembered the way Eve had looked when first delivered... 
Just take her. Tie her up and fuck her senseless. Rape her. She's a slave.
  Your slave. For 28 days and you still have at least 14 left. 14 days of raping
  her, then you could return her and not pay a penny. 
Oh, God... 
Mika turned away and stumbled down the corridor back into her room. She didn't
  bother closing the door properly. She didn't even bother reaching under her
  bed for her long abandoned box of toys. She simply lay out on the bed, pulled
  down her panties, lifted up her nightshirt and slid her finges into herself. 
She was wet and hot. 
She thought about different things while masturbating. Usually it was about
  holding a slave girl hopeless prisoner, about whipping and torturing her. Her
  fantasies were usually exotic and fantastical - being a beautiful and cruel
  princess, or a sorceress able to command obedience over mind-controlled victims. 
This time, she was nowhere near as subtle. She simply thought of Eve, of raping
  her, biting her, hurting her... 
Her right hand moved inside her, thrusting in and out, brushing her hardening
  clit. Her left kneaded her breast, imagining Eve kissing her there. 
Oh, oh... 
She bit her lip to stifle the first moan, but didn't bother after that. It
  was as if Eve did not really exist any more, was no more real than the fantasy
  slaves she dominated and mastered in her dreams. A fantasy figure of her own
  mind, a creature to use and abuse at her will. Eve would not be real, not have
  feelings, would react and respond in precisely the way she wanted... 
&quot;Ooohhhhh!&quot; she moaned, panting. 
She would put on her strap-on and thrust into Eve's writhing body, again and
  again, would violate her tight arsehole, make her scream and moan, make her
  helpless slave girl come with the furious passion of what she was doing to
  her... 
&quot;Ah... ah... aaaahhhh! Oh, God!&quot; 
Mika was not usually loud, certainly not this loud. But this time, something
  within her broke and she cried out, her body arching, moaning loudly, crying
  out, almost screaming. 
&quot;Oohhhhhh.... 
&quot;Goddddddd... 
&quot;Eve!&quot; 
There was a gasp, a soft sound when compared to the noise of her orgasm, but
  she heard it, aware it was a real sound and not a fantasy of her own mind.
  Already tired and drained, Mika sank down to the bed and turned her head, her
  right hand still at her groin. 
Eve was standing in the doorway, a horrified look on her face. &quot;Please,&quot; she
  whispered. &quot;I didn't mean to... I didn't know... I...&quot; 
Shaking, she turned and fled. Mika did not go after her. She simply lay there,
  eyes closed, remembering the Eve that had existed in her mind. 
After a long time, she simply wiped her hand on her bedcloth and rolled over,
  trying to go to sleep, feeling guilty and embarrassed and still horny. She
  remained awake most of the night. 
---------- 
Mika couldn't even look at her the next morning. Eve kept her eyes away from
  her Mistress. Neither of them spoke and Mika left for work in a foul mood. 
She came home in an even worse one. What a day! Sometimes she really hated
  her job and that was... The fact she had spent the whole day trying to think
  how she would explain that to Eve didn't help. 
What was to explain? She was... enjoying herself, that was all. Plenty of
  women did that. Probably even American women. 
A sudden thought struck her. Which part of America was Eve from? Was she one
  of those Bible-Belters who thought masturbation was some disgusting sin? The
  name was certainly Biblical. 
Mika thought about that on the way home. No, Eve was meant to be the mother
  of sin, wasn't she? Surely a really religious family would have named their
  daughter something else, like... like... Ruth or... Mary or... Emmanuelle... 
Besides, a religious girl wouldn't be so used to wandering around the house
  half-naked all the time. 
Two more weeks, that was all. She would have to decide then. Keep Eve, or
  send her back. She was still a member of that club and had to buy stuff from
  the next four catalogues, but that was a later problem. 
What to do about Eve? What to do? 
A helpful suggestion came to her when she returned home and found the post.
  It seemed Eve had tried to be helpful and stored the post somewhere safe, only
  to forget where that was. Evidently, she'd finally remembered. 
One of the items of post - the only interesting one - was the letter from
  Natasha, her solicitor. She had promised to write a letter summarising their
  meeting. Mika had completely forgotten about that. 
Eve was quietly cleaning and so Mika sneaked past her into her bedroom to
  read the letter. 
Most of it was just a summary of what they had covered in the meeting. There
  were also a few leaflets. One of them was for a local Slaves and Slavers Society.
  It promised 
Friendly and regular gatherings for slaves and slave-owers alike, in discreet
    locations - 
Advice for first time slave owners and experienced Mistresses - 
Frequent updates on the swiftly changing nature of slave law 
Absolute discretion guaranteed 
Natasha's solicitors firm were named as providing cheaper legal advice to
  members. Best of all, the society was free. 
What the Hell? Mika could do with some advice. Talking with a few other slave-owners
  may help her out. As long as they were careful, then she should be fine. 
She filled in the application form and sent it off. 
--------- 
There was a phone call the next day, just after Mika had gotten home from
  work. She didn't recognise the number. 
&quot;Yes?&quot; 
&quot;Miss Iwai,&quot; said a faintly familiar voice. It took her a moment
  to remember it. &quot;It's Natasha Marshall, your solicitor.&quot; 
&quot;Oh, yes. Is there something wrong?&quot; 
&quot;No, not at all.&quot; Her voice was as pleasant as Mika had remembered.
  She could imagine the blond woman smiling - that gorgous smile... &quot;I was
  just concerned you may have decided against becoming involved in the slave-owning
  community. But I received your application today.&quot; 
&quot;No, it was just that my slave lost my post and... You received the form.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, my firm organises the local Slaves and Slavers Society. We handle
  membership and all that. We're having a gathering this Saturday and I was wondering
  if you wanted to come and bring your slave girl. I'll be there, and some other
  members.&quot; 
&quot;I... I don't know...&quot; 
&quot;Complete discretion, I promise. A women only night, and in a very well-concealed
  area. You can wear a mask or hood if you like. I was remembering some of the
  problems you were having with your slave and I thought you might like her to
  be around other slaves. My two will be there.&quot; 
&quot;How... where is it? How will we get there? What do we... wear?&quot; 
&quot;You can wear whatever you like. Generally, we wear fetish clothing,
  but leather, goth, appropriate fancy dress is all fine. You won't be kicked
  out for breaking the dress code as long as you're not... you know... completely
  vanilla. Your slave can wear any of those, or just underwear, or be completely
  naked. That's your choice. We have changing rooms and lockers and we can even
  arrange taxis there and back, if you're interested.&quot; 
&quot;Well...&quot; Mika was sounding interested. She couldn't keep acting
  and feeling like this. She had to do something about her feelings for Eve.
  Maybe being around other slavers and slave girls would help her get used with
  this situation. 
&quot;What about... ah... what about Eve?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, if you don't have a collar for her, we'll provide one. We have a
  number of different coloured collars, indicating her level of vulnerability.
  If you don't want anyone else to touch her without your express permission,
  that's fine. No one will go against that.&quot; 
&quot;Ah... good.&quot; Mika nodded. &quot;Good. Yes... I'll be there.&quot; 
She was smiling again, Mika knew. &quot;Great. I'll send you the details.
  Give me a ring if you have any questions. I'll see you there.&quot; 
Mika switched off the phone and thought for a moment, wondering what exactly
  she had done. Go to a slave party? She'd never been to one of those before.
  Never. She'd always kept her fantasies strictly between herself and her girlfriends. 
Now this... 
The door to the living room opened and Eve walked in from the bathroom, wearing
  just the underwear she had been delivered in, looking sleepy and gorgeous and
  incredibly sexy. 
&quot;Who was that?&quot; she asked. 
&quot;No one,&quot; Mika said. 
&quot;No one important.&quot; 
----------- 
&quot;Where are we going?&quot; 
&quot;Just to see some people I know.&quot; 
&quot;But...&quot; Eve looked confused, as well she might. Mika had not allowed
  her out of the flat since she had tried running away that first night. Mika
  had not introduced her to anyone, not even told anyone she was there (apart
  from Natasha, of course). 
And now they were going out. 
&quot;Enough!&quot; Mika snapped, and Eve fell obediently silent, her head
  down. &quot;The taxi's here.&quot; 
Natasha had, as promised, arranged everything. The taxi was there on time
  and drove off without needing to ask where they were going. The driver was
  a woman and didn't pay any attention to the two beautiful women, or what they
  were wearing. 
Mika didn't have much in the way of fetish clothing, but she was wearing her
  best outfit beneath her baggy jumper and long, shapeless skirt. No one would
  be able to see what she was really wearing and she hoped to keep things that
  way until she arrived. She was thankful her colouring meant her blushes were
  not easily detectable. 
Eve, on the other hand, would draw attention whatever she was wearing. Mika
  had bought her some clothes not long after first acquiring her. Nothing special,
  just casual things she could wear if she ever did need to go out. But then,
  Eve looked gorgeous in anything. 
Currently, she looked shocked and upset. Whenever she saw Mika looking at
  her, she turned away. Her eyes were red, as if she wanted to cry. 
Mika just wanted to reach out and kiss her so badly... 
The place was inconspicuous. A small door down a dark alley several streets
  away from the main road. Mika would have been worried, but she saw a smartly
  dressed woman waiting just outside the doorway. 
&quot;What is this place?&quot; Eve asked, sounding very frightened. Mika
  didn't answer. She just walked forward and approached the woman, handing over
  her tickets. 
Eve hesitated on the threshold of the building, looking up. There were no
  windows, no noises to be head, nothing. 
&quot;What is this place?&quot; she asked again. 
Mika grabbed her hand roughly and pulled her inside. The redhead followed
  her in and up the stairs, stumbling and bumping against the walls. 
&quot;What is this place?&quot; 
Mika froze. Oh, for... She turned around and made to say something. She paused
  and sighed. &quot;Just a... just... nowhere.&quot; 
Eve's eyes widened. &quot;Oh,&quot; she breathed, shaking. &quot;This is a...
  One of... those places.&quot; 
Mika sighed. &quot;It was a mistake. Come on. Let's go home.&quot; 
Eve hesitated. &quot;Mistress,&quot; she said quietly. Mika looked around
  frantically. Was there anyone around who could have heard that, who could have
  seen her? She couldn't see anyone. To have Eve speak to her like that in public... 
&quot;Mistress, am I...?&quot; She was shaking. Tears began to sparkle in
  her eyes. &quot;What is going to happen to me here?&quot; 
&quot;Nothing,&quot; Mika sighed. &quot;Nothing you don't want to happen.&quot; 
Eve breathed out in relief and stepped forward. She paused at the door, deciding
  whether to knock or simply open it. She did nothing for a while, still thinking,
  until she finally simply pushed the door open. Mika stared as she entered and
  then hurriedly followed. 
Neither of them were thinking clearly but somehow Mika managed to negotiate
  her way past the lady on the door. She eventually found the tickets and managed
  to obtain keys for the locker and a collar for Eve. There was a choice of colours,
  each one signifying different options available for the slave girl - from white
  (no sexual contact at all) to polka dots (anything goes, with no legal limits).
  Mika selected a white collar. 
The locker room was large and well lit and entirely empty. There were sounds
  coming from the door just beyond, muted and indistinct. 
Mika wondered if they were late. She had tried to get here in plenty of time,
  but maybe not... She had expected some other people to be here changing. 
Her heart was pounding faster. What if this was all some mistake? What if
  this was a joke? She shouldn't be here. She didn't belong here. She'd never
  been this involved in the fetish community. She just liked having sex with
  women, play acting and indulging in a little light bondage and role play. She'd
  never been interested in joining a 'community'. 
&quot;Mistress?&quot; Eve said, a little more confidently. 
Mika breathed out slowly and forced herself to see this through. She had to
  know if she could keep Eve or not and that meant she had to go through with
  this. Slowly, hands trembling, she pulled her jumper over her head and stepped
  out of her baggy trousers. 
She didn't own much in the way of fetish clothing and what she did have wasn't
  that impressive. It was a simple one-piece corset and skirt garment, that came
  down to her upper thighs and moulded tight against her body, with a circle
  cut-out that enhanced her cleavage. She had black stockings on beneath high,
  black, stiletto heeled boots that came up to mid-shin. 
Nervously, she placed her outer clothes and purse into the locker. The keys
  to the locker and Eve's collar clipped onto her belt. 
Ready to enter, she turned and looked at Eve. Her slave girl was staring at
  her, eyes wide, an expression that seemed a strange mix of wonder and awe.
  Eve swallowed. 
&quot;What about me?&quot; she asked. 
&quot;Umm...&quot; What had Natasha said about the dress code for slaves?
  Mika had meant to get some fetish clothing for Eve, too, but had chickened
  out. Mika didn't want her slave to go naked and she didn't think Eve could
  go in there fully dressed. 
&quot;Just your underwear,&quot; she said, as firmly as she could. Then, to
  ruin the effect of the stern Mistress, she added, &quot;If that's all right.&quot; 
Eve did not seem bothered. She stripped off qute casually down to her bra,
  panties and stockings. She made to remove the latter, but then stopped, looking
  at her Mistress for appoval. Stunned and distracted, Mika managed a brief nod,
  then shook her head, then wondered exactly what question Eve had been about
  to ask. 
&quot;Leave them on,&quot; she said. 
Eve smiled and put her clothing in the locker. 
&quot;Are you all right like that?&quot; Mika asked. 
&quot;Yes. I used to sunbathe in less than this. Umm... the collar... It means
  that... no one is going to...&quot; 
&quot;No. No one's going to touch you. No... sexual contact at all.&quot; Just
  saying the word 'sexual' gave Mika pause. She wanted to scream. Who was the
  Mistress here? She was more worried about this than Eve was. 
Eve nodded, looking relieved. 
Mika looked at her. If she went sunbathing in less than that... The bra was
  lacey and delicate, her nipples just barely visible through the thin fabric.
  The panties were fairly plain, but the stockings displayed her long legs to
  the best advantage, held up by a suspender belt that Mika hadn't known Eve
  had put on. 
&quot;Come on,&quot; she said. &quot;Follow me, slave girl.&quot; She wished
  she felt as confident as she sounded. 
The two of them headed through the door and into a new world. 
---------- 
It was dark, lit like a nightclub with pale, flickering coloured lights. Mika
  had a feeling the whole place was a nightclub at times, or had been one in
  the past. The main room was huge, with a high ceiling, various small alcoves
  and a bar at one end. Soft music was playing - 'chill-out music'. 
The place was not full, but there were a surprising amount of people here,
  all women as Natasha had promised. Mika was not sure where to be looking. Some
  of these women... 
She felt incredibly self-conscious and very embarrassed. What if she met someone
  who knew her? She should have worn a hood or a mask, or someone to hide her
  face. 
And some of these women. They were gorgeous. Mika felt so... plain by comparison. 
This was a mistake. This was all a big, stupid mistake. 
She glanced away and saw a cage in one of the corners. A woman was inside
  it, her arms pulled above her head and fixed in place. She was completely naked. 
Mika was so glad she did not blush easily. 
She glanced at Eve. The American girl's eyes were wide. She was shaking slightly.
  One hand reached up to touch her collar, which she must know was the only thing
  keeping her from being thrown to the ground and raped repeatedly, or wrapped
  up in chains and whipped... 
Mika heard the sound of a whip crack and a scream over the soft music and
  she winced. 
A woman walked by, all but naked save for strips of black latex and a long
  dildo strapped around her groin. Her head was completely concealed by a black
  hood, with holes for her eyes and mouth. She glanced at Eve, staring at her
  admiringly. She paused. 
&quot;Miss... Iwai?&quot; she said. &quot;Mika, wasn't it?&quot; 
Mika didn't recognised the woman's appearance, but the voice did sound familiar.
  She tried not to look at her breasts, naked except for a golden ring in each
  nipple. The voice did sound familiar. 
&quot;Oh,&quot; she said. &quot;The policewoman. Miss... Davies... wasn't
  it? I mean, WPC Davies.&quot; It was the accent, a lilting Welsh sound. 
&quot;Please, call me Gwyneth. I didn't quite recognise you at first, but
  I remembered your slave girl. A tough one to forget, her.&quot; 
Mika turned to Eve, only to see that she had sunk to her knees, head bowed,
  long hair falling over her face. 
&quot;Got her trained well, I see,&quot; WPC Davies... Gwyneth... chuckled. &quot;I
  take it she hasn't tried running away again.&quot; 
&quot;Uh... no,&quot; Mika said. This was not the strangest conversation she
  had ever had, but it had to be in the top five. 
&quot;A good whipping usually sorts things like that out.&quot; 
&quot;Oh?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, yes. Anyway, I'll see you around. There's a free-for-all slut girl
  in one of the side rooms. She annoyed her mistress and she's now being left
  open for anyone who wants her. I'm going to have a go early, before her Mistress
  changes her mind. See you later.&quot; 
&quot;Uh... yeah.&quot; 
Mika watched the policewoman walk off, staring after her as she went. She
  shook her head and glanced down at Eve. 
&quot;May I get up now, Mistress?&quot; 
&quot;Sure... Why did you...?&quot; 
Eve stood up in an impossible graceful motion Mika would never have been able
  to emulate with a million years of yoga. &quot;It seemed like the right thing
  to do. Was I right, Mistress?&quot; 
&quot;Yeah, sure.&quot; Mika paused. &quot;I need a drink. Do you want one?&quot; 
Eve fluttered her eyelashes - a gesture Mika didn't think anyone actually
  did - and looked down. &quot;If my Mistress will allow me one.&quot; 
Mika had no idea of what to say to that one and she just walked across the
room to the bar, careful not to look at anyone or anything on the way. 
Even the barmaid was half-naked, topless save for long, red nipple tassels
  and a slave collar of a colour that might have been grey, but Mika couldn't
  see clearly in the light. 
&quot;Can I serve you, Mistress?&quot; she asked in a tone so wonderfully
  submissive it had to have been practiced. 
&quot;Uh... vodka and coke, please. Lemon, no ice.&quot; 
&quot;I'm sorry, Mistress, we have no lemon. I have a break in just over an
  hour and will be in the punishment room. You can whip me then, if you like.&quot; 
&quot;I... ah... thank you.&quot; Was everyone here crazy? Mika ahd the feeling
  she was playing some game where she didn't know half the rules. She probably
  should have read that information pack a little more closely. &quot;I might
  do that.&quot; The barmaid was very cute, but Mika had no intention of doing
  anything to anyone here. 
She handed over the drink. &quot;Anything else?&quot; 
Mika turned to Eve. &quot;Did you want anything?&quot; She paused. &quot;Do
  you drink?&quot; Did Americans drink? You had to be twenty-one to drink there,
  didn't you? Was Eve twenty-one? Mika thought so, but she wasn't sure. The slave
  papers had her date of birth on, but Mika hadn't read them that closely. Weren't
  some states completely teetotal, anyway? 
&quot;That will be fine,&quot; Eve said, &quot;if my Mistress pleases.&quot; 
The barmaid prepared another, although this one seemed to be in a high-brimmed
  saucer rather than a glass. Mika paid, thankful she could clip her purse to
  her belt and headed off, holding both drinks and looking for a place to sit
  down. 
There were a number of couches around and Mika found one in the farthest corner
  from anywhere else. She saw doors, obviously heading into other rooms, but
  she dared not try any of them. This room seemed strange enough to her. 
She sipped at her drink and set it down on the armrest, handing Eve her drink.
  The redhead set it on the floor and bent over, lapping at it as if she were
  a cat. 
Not very well, either. Mika remembered reading that cats had quite adhesive
  tongues, that meant the liquid could stick to them. Eve, however, was splashing
  it everywhere. There was no denying it was an inetresting sight, however. 
But what was she doing? Okay, this was the sort of thing Mika would expect
  a slave girl to do, but Eve had no clue of what it meant to be a slave girl.
  Mika didn't think so. She had certainly been pretty abysmal at it so far, but
  then Mika wasn't a terribly adept Mistress either. 
What now? Mika had no idea of what to do. She had no idea what she was even
  doing here. She didn't go to regular nightclubs much and she had certainly
  never been anywhere like this. Was she meant to just stick around for a while
  and then sneak out? 
Eve seemed to be enjoying herself, though. Now that she had gotten over the
  fear that she would be gang-raped and left for dead in an alley, she seemed
  very at home here. It obviously did not hurt that she was one of the most beautiful
  women here in a place full of beautiful women. 
Mika was unsure how much attention people would pay to her slave collar, but
  there had been no trouble at all. There were plenty of signs posted around
  giving the code for the different types of collars and what they meant. Mika
  saw one girl in a polka dot collar chained against the back of a couch and
  numerous women simply walk up to her and rape her from behind with their strap-ons.
  From the sounds she was making, the girl seemed to be enjoying it. 
However, no one had so much as touched Eve, or even approached her. a number
  of women, including slaves had stared at her, but no one had done anything
  more than look. 
In fact, no one had approached either of them. Until Mika heard a soft, quiet
  voice from her side. 
&quot;Pardon me, Mistress,&quot; came an American accent. 
She turned and saw a young, blond, pale, entirely naked girl drop to her knees,
  long hair falling over a sweet and almost angelic face. Mika tried to stare
  at her collar (she would be too embarrassed to stare anywhere else) and saw
  that is was polka dotted. The girl could not be older than twenty and perhaps
  not even that. It was illegal to enslave anyone below eighteen, Mika recalled.
  Or was it sixteen? No, eighteen. It had been deliberately made higher than
  the general age of consent as a compromise to certain groups. 
&quot;Yes?&quot; she said. 
&quot;Would be you Mistress Mika Iwai?&quot; The girl kept her head down. 
&quot;Umm... yes?&quot; Mika realised that sounded more like a question than
  a statement. &quot;I mean, yes, I am. Who are you?&quot; 
&quot;I am b. My Mistress is the Golden Lady, Queen of My Heart, Owner of
  my Soul, Dominatrix of my Spirit...&quot; 
&quot;Okay...&quot; 
&quot;...Commander of my Every Aspect, Whose Word is my Law...&quot; 
&quot;Okay...&quot; 
&quot;...Whose Glorious Feet I Consider it an Honour to Kiss...&quot; 
&quot;Okay...&quot; 
&quot;...Beneath Whom I am Small and Insignificant, Whose Shadow Exposes Me
  as the Wretched and Worthless Creature I Am.&quot; 
&quot;And her name is?&quot; 
&quot;Oh. To other Free and Glorious Mistresses, Her name is Natasha, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;Oh, yes.&quot; Mika was relieved. Natasha had said she owned two slaves,
  one of whom was American. &quot;Is she here? Where is she?&quot; 
&quot;She has instructed me to bring You to Her, Glorious Mistress. If that
  is You wish, of course. You may use me as You desire first, of course.&quot; 
Polka dot slave collar. Of course. Sexually available at all times to all
  people. Mika deliberately did not look at Eve and tried not to imagine the
  expression on her face. &quot;Thank you. Um... maybe later.&quot; Was it rude
  to turn her down? What were the rules of etiquette with something like this? 
&quot;As You wish, Mistress.&quot; She looked disappointed. &quot;Whenever
  You are ready, Mistress, I am to lead You to Her.&quot; 
&quot;Now's good.&quot; Mika finished her drink and looked down at Eve. Her
  slave girl was trying to keep a calm and submissive expression on her face
  and failing quite badly. She was looking at the blond girl with a look of pure
  anger. &quot;Off you go... uh...&quot; What had her name been? 
&quot;I am b, Mistress. But You may of course call me as You wish.&quot; Mika
  was only just picking up the extra capital letters there. 
&quot;B? No, B's fine.&quot; Well, that should make it easy enough to remember
  their names. Mika supposed the other one would be called A. 
b set off across the room, looking back every few steps to make sure Mika
  was following, smiling and biting her lower lip and generally doing everything
  she could to look coy and innocent. Mika in turn looked back to make sure that
  Eve was following. 
She was, but for some reason, she was walking on her hands and knees, head
  bowed submissively. Mika was about to say something but realised she had no
  idea what and so just carred on, following the blond girl. 
b led her to one of the doors. None of them were marked at all. She opened
  the door with a brazen confidence Mika could never have managed and just strolled
  in. Mika followed more nervously, Eve still on her hands and knees. Mika almost
  tripped over her and stumbled in. 
&quot;I found Her, Mistress,&quot; b said with just a hint of self-satisfaction
  in her voice. &quot;Aren't i a good little slave?&quot; 
&quot;That remains to be seen,&quot; Natasha said, standing up and stepped
  forward. Mika stared at her, trying to separate the calm, professional solicitor
  with this... stunning... erotic... beautiful... 
Natasha was wearing a very strange costume that seemed a mass of leather straps
  and a half push-up bra that left her breasts entirely bare. Her groin was also
  bare and completely shaven. Dark stockings ran up to her mid thigh, supported
  by a suspender belt that seemed tied in some way to the leather straps that
  ran around her taut midriff. High black boots came up to her mid shin with
  incredibly high heels. Natahas seemed able to walk in them without any problem. 
The solicitor stepped forward and gave Mika a long hug and then a kiss on
  her cheek. Natasha's lips were very red and her eyes were sparkling. 
&quot;You made it, I'm so glad.&quot; She looked at Eve, still on her knees
  at Mika's feet. &quot;Wow,&quot; she said. &quot;She's gorgeous. If you don't
  want her, can I have her?&quot; 
&quot;Uh...&quot; 
Natasha waved the suggestion away. &quot;Don't worry about it. That's probably
  a breach of solicitor - client relationship there. Besides, I can't see you
  wanting to get rid of her. I certainly wouldn't.&quot; 
b was pouting. &quot;i found Her for You, Mistress. Wasn't that good of me?&quot; 
Natasha frowned. &quot;Yes, it was. Did you offer yourself to her?&quot; 
&quot;Of course.&quot; 
&quot;And did you tell her I hadn't given you permission to come?&quot; 
&quot;Of course i did... Mistress.&quot; She glance at Mika and then sank
  to her knees, her posture mirroring Eve's. &quot;i forgot, Mistress, i've been
  a bad girl.&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; Natasha said, acidly. &quot;Well, your punishment can wait
  until later. you didn't see a on your travels, did you?&quot; 
&quot;No, Mistress. Maybe she wasn't looking properly. she might be being
  raped right now.&quot; 
&quot;Take my advice,&quot; Natasha said to Mika with a sigh. &quot;Stick
  to the one slave girl for now. Two are sometimes more trouble than they're
  worth.&quot; 
&quot;Did she say the other was called 'a'?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, yes. a and b, my slave girls. It's easiser that way. I change the
  names around sometimes, depending on how good they've been.&quot; She glared
  at b. &quot;I'm tempted to move this one's name lower.&quot; 
&quot;i'm sorry, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;She sent the wrong letter out to one of our client yesterday. And broke
  the photocopier. I would whip her, but she just enjoys that. Anyway, enough
  of my slave girls. Grab a seat. Do you want a drink?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, please,&quot; Mika said, slightly shell-shocked. She looked around,
  taking in the room for the first time. It was fairly small, no larger than
  the bedroom of her apartment. There were two couches, a table... 
Chains hanging from the walls and ceiling, a rack of whips in one corner,
  a small cage... 
The music was stil audible, but much quieter in here. 
Mika dropped down into one couch, relieved to find out it was soft and comfortable.
  Eve curled up at her feet, still silent. 
&quot;b. Go get her...&quot; Natasha looked at her. 
&quot;Vodka and coke, please. Er... two.&quot; 
&quot;And you know what to get me.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; b looked downcast as she left. She was obviously
  hoping to get some reward for finding Mika first. 
&quot;Is your other slave girl going to be all right? You're not worried about
  her?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, no,&quot; Natasha replied. &quot;She's probably just being tied
  up and raped.&quot; Eve let out a little squeak. &quot;Maybe whipped a little.
  No one's going to hurt her. But a polka dot collar does mean she's fair game.
  Just as long as she remembered to tell them she's not allowed to come.&quot; 
&quot;Not her, either. What did she do?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, nothing really. She laughed a little when I punished b, that's all.
  So, what do you think of the place?&quot; 
&quot;It's... ah...&quot; Mika paused, trying hard to think of what to say. &quot;Um...&quot; 
Natasha laughed. &quot;A bit overwhelming. I was worried you might think that.
  Don't worry. I thought this meeting might be better for you. We do have smaller
  gatherings, but they're a bit more intimate. People would be asking you questions,
  that sort of thing. You can keep a much lower profile here. I thought that
  might be easier for you.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, thank you. The truth is... I feel... I don't know.&quot; She looked
  at Eve, who was still quiet. 
&quot;Ah, I see. Hold on a minute, and I'll arrange things so we can talk
  quietly, just us dommes.&quot; 
A few minutes later, b returned, carrying a tray containing their drinks.
  Behind her walked an exceptionally pretty Indian girl, equally naked save for
  the polka dot collar and no older than b. Her head was down and she looked
  a litle upset. 
&quot;And where have you been?&quot; Natasha asked her, taking her drink from
  the tray and handing Mika's over to her. There was ice in it. Mika sighed.
  She hated ice in her drinks. 
&quot;i'm sorry, Mistress,&quot; whispered a. &quot;i was stopped by Mistress
  Gloria and her friends. They made me lick them all out. Twice each.&quot; 
&quot;you did tell them about your punishment, didn't you?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress. None of them touched me.&quot; 
&quot;i could have pleasured them all in five minutes,&quot; sniffed b contemptuously. &quot;It
  wouldn't have taken me half an hour.&quot; 
&quot;Enough,&quot; said their Mistress. &quot;Girls. you see this beautiful
  redhead here, the one who is sexier than both of you put together.&quot; 
Both of them turned to look at Eve. Neither looked happy at Natasha's assessment
  of their respective looks. 
&quot;Give her a tour of the place. Finish it up at the mirror room. She's
  white collar, remember, so no liberties. Nothing. I'll expect the two of you
  to put on a performance at the mirror room. I'm sure I don't need to remind
  you of the restrictions you are both under.&quot; 
&quot;No, Mistress,&quot; they said in unison, each trying to outdo the other
  in sounding more miserable. 
&quot;Ah... the mirror room?&quot; Mika asked tentatively. 
&quot;I'll show you later. Don't worry. Nothing bad is going to happen to
  your slave girl. I mean... you can keep her here if you like.&quot; 
&quot;No, that's okay. Eve. Go with these girls. Do what they say.&quot; 
&quot;b, stop grinning. You too, a. Remember what I said. She's white collar.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; they chorussed again. 
&quot;As You command, Mistress,&quot; said Eve, managing the same inflection
  of the capital letter. She got up and, on her hands and knees, headed off after
  the two naked slave girls. 
Mika waited until the door had closed after them and then turned to look at
  Natasha. &quot;I'm not sure about any of this,&quot; she said. &quot;I mean...
  I'm grateful to you for inviting me here, I really am... but I just don't feel
  like I... fit in...&quot; 
&quot;Talk later,&quot; Natasha said, putting her drink down and striding
  across the room. 
&quot;What do you...?&quot; 
And then Natasha kissed her, her hand sliding up Mika's leg. She pushed Mika
  down onto the floor. The Asian girl did not struggle, did not say anything
  and just let her mind wash her away. 
---------- 
It had been incredible. 
Mika slumped back, with no clue of how much time had passed, of what had been
  going on around her. Nothing else had mattered. 
Natasha had touched her and kissed her and stroked her, had managed to touch
  her through the tight fetish clothing, had used her lips and tongue and fingers... 
Mika sighed. Her throat was dry. Oh, how much she must have screamed. 
&quot;Sounded like you needed that,&quot; the solicitor said with a chuckle
  and a grin, a lewd expression completely different from her usual, gorgeous
  smile. 
&quot;Yeah,&quot; Mika said. &quot;Ah... yeah. But... uh... but...&quot; 
&quot;How am I so good?&quot; Natasha laughed again, standing up and adjusting
  the complex network of leather straps wound around her gorgeous form. &quot;I
  have to be. I have to keep those two little sluts of mine aroused constantly.
  Trust me, sweetie, orgasm control. The best tool of discipline a Mistress has
  with her slaves.&quot; 
&quot;But why?&quot; Mika stretched and tried to get up, but her legs shook
  and seemed utterly incapable of bearing her weight. She stayed where she was
  and tried to pull the skirt down from her waist. 
&quot;You're not a slave. You're a Mistress and we need to be kept constantly
  satisfied. I take it you haven't been using that cutie of yours in the way
  that God and Parliament intended. No, of course not, I could tell that from
  looking at you. What was the problem?&quot; 
Mika managed to crash down into the couch. The two of them had ended up on
  the floor at some point. &quot;Um... I don't know...&quot; It had been hard
  for her to articulate these thoughts in her mind earlier but now, some of that
  confusion had gone. She felt more awake, more alert. She just had to express
  the realisations that were now in her mind. 
&quot;I feel a little awkward actually owning a slave, you know. I never minded
  play acting or fantasising but actually having one... being completely responsible
  for her life. Having all this power over her. It feels... just a bit strange.
  I know I could rape her and I want to. Oh, I really do... but I... I want her
  to want me to. Does that make any sense?&quot; 
&quot;Sure it does. Liberal guilt, right. Were you one of those who protested
  against the slavery laws?&quot; 
&quot;No. I didn't really notice, to be honest. I never thought it would affect
  me.&quot; 
Natasha sat down beside her, wrapping one arm around her. &quot;Look. It's
  not surprising you feel this way. You're not alone. Most of our first-time
  slave owners feel the same way. That's good. You don't want to be one of those
  people who are comfortable with owning someone in that way, or having that
  power over someone. The people who are comfortable with it are just the people
  you don't want actually doing it.&quot; 
&quot;I slapped her,&quot; Mika said. &quot;Twice, I think. Maybe more. She
  wouldn't shut up, kept interrupting me.&quot; 
Natasha shrugged. &quot;A little discipline. Nothing wrong with that. Perhaps
  a bit crude and trust me, there are better ways to discipline your slave girl.
  You'll find them out in time.&quot; 
&quot;I shouldn't have done it.&quot; 
&quot;Then don't do it again. Unless, you know, she likes that sort of thing.&quot; 
&quot;Do you hit your slave girls?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, yeah. I whip them, spank them, tie them up and leave them in a cage.
  They like it, the little sluts. I swear, half the time they screw up on purpose,
  just so I'll punish them.&quot; 
&quot;Eve kept burning my cooking. And losing my post.&quot; 
&quot;Maybe she wanted you to punish her.&quot; Natasha paused. &quot;Or maybe
  she just can't cook. Look, there's a lot who'll treat her far worse than you
  will. I see them a lot. I've brought prosecutions against people who misuse
  their slaves and sell them on as damaged and broken goods. Look after her and
  everything will be fine.&quot; 
&quot;What about...? Um...&quot; 
&quot;What about what?&quot; 
&quot;Sex.&quot; 
&quot;You want to have sex with her?&quot; Mika nodded. &quot;Of course you
  do. I certainly do. Calm down, gorgeous, I don't touch another woman's slave
  girl without permission and she's still white collared here.&quot; 
&quot;What if she isn't... ah... into women? If she doesn't like me? What
  if she doesn't even believe in sex before marriage?&quot; 
Natasha looked at her and then laughed. &quot;Oh, sweetie... I didn't think
  you were that bad. Of course she's in to women and she's definitely in to you.
  Firstly, I know the House of Chains and Whips and they wouldn't have given
  you some homphobic religious fanatic as your introductory offer. They're pretty
  good at profiling their slaves for things like that. Mind you, some people
  like that sort of thing.&quot; 
&quot;And she likes me?&quot; 
&quot;I saw the way she was following you, the way she looked at you. Trust
  me, she's in to you.&quot; 
&quot;Oh... oh...&quot; Mika smiled. &quot;So... what do I do about it?&quot; 
&quot;Trust me, I have this all under control.&quot; 
&quot;Is this legal advice? Will this be showing up on my bill?&quot; 
&quot;No,&quot; Natasha chuckled. &quot;Strictly personal. And I'd rather
  you didn't tell the Law Society about this. They might not approve. In fact,
  I know they don't. Bunch of stuck-up old men.&quot; 
&quot;Oh,&quot; Mika said, suddenly realising something. &quot;You won't get
  struck off or anything, will you? I mean... for sleeping with a client?&quot; 
&quot;Still panicking? No, firstly because they won't find out and secondly
  because you don't get struck off for that sort of thing. It's not recommended
  but as long as it doesn't impair the legal advice I give you or the quality
  of service I provide, it's not an offence.&quot; 
&quot;You've been providing a very good service,&quot; Mika said, meekly. 
Natasha lent over and kissed her, slowly at first, but then passionately.
  Her lips tasted of Mika's own arousal. Mika clung to her, her hand reaching
  for Natasha's pale thigh. 
&quot;Uh uh,&quot; the solicitor said, pulling back. &quot;I think there's
  someone you'd rather be doing this with and we'd better go and get her. I need
  to collect my two sluts as well, make sure they haven't ben carried off by
  horny women they forget to give certain important information to.&quot; 
&quot;Where are they?&quot; 
&quot;The mirror room.&quot; 
&quot;And where's that? And why's it called the mirror room?&quot; 
Natasha laughed. &quot;Come on, beautiful. I'll show you.&quot; 
---------- 
&quot;Is she all right?&quot; Mika asked, staring. 
She was not the only one. There were six or seven other women standing in
  the small, dark room, staring through the window into the room where Eve and
  Natasha's two slave girls were. 
Eve was at the back, placed against the wall, her arms pulled high above her
  head and manacled in place. She was just balancing on her tiptoes; a shorter
  girl would have been hanging in mid-air. Mika vaguely noticed other manacles
  fixed to the far wall and hanging from the ceiling, but Eve was the only girl
  secured there. A large ball gag filled her mouth. 
Mika was quite surprised to see that Eve did not look scared. Her gaze was
  directed downwards at the floor, where a and b were kissing and stroking and
  generally caressing each other. 
&quot;I really hope they haven't let each other come,&quot; Natasha muttered. &quot;they'll
  be in a lot of trouble if they have. they make a game of it sometimes, trying
  to get the other one in trouble by forcing an orgasm on her. Oh, what was that
  you said, sweetie? Yes, your Eve's fine. That position gets a little painful
  after a while, but she'll only have been there for an hour or so. No one's
  going to hurt her.&quot; 
Mika turned away, oddly embarrassed to be watching this. She could tell from
  the lack of recognition on Eve's face that the window was a mirror on the other
  side, hence the room's name. This would be a place for exhibitionists and humiliating
  punishment of slave girls. 
Most of the audience seemed focussed on Eve. Mika realised how much that would
  annoy a and b if they knew that. 
&quot;Look at those tits,&quot; purred one of the women, wrapped head to toe
  in skintight black latex save for a hole over her crotch. 
&quot;White collar,&quot; muttered another, a naked Asian slave girl wearing
  a blue collar, clinging to her Mistress' leg. 
&quot;More's the pity,&quot; said the woman in latex. 
&quot;Natasha!&quot; said one of them. Mika saw Gwyneth step forward from
  the darkened corner of the room. She was stroking her long dildo. She looked
  at Mika and winked lewdly. &quot;Been having fun?&quot; 
&quot;It's been... an enjoyable experience,&quot; the solicitor replied, glancing
  at Mika. She was suddenly very glad of her colouring, or she would have blushed
  bright crimson. 
&quot;Those are your two putting on the performance in there, aren't they?&quot; Natasha
  nodded. &quot;Mind if I go and have some fun with them?&quot; 
The blond Mistress shrugged. &quot;Polka dot slave collar. Do what you like.
  But they're meant to tell you they get punished if they come.&quot; 
&quot;I might make them.&quot; 
&quot;I think either of them has more self control than that. Or more fear
  of me, whichever. they'll resist whatever you do to them.&quot; 
Gwyneth smiled. &quot;Sounds like a bet to me.&quot; 
&quot;Sure. What did you have in mind?&quot; 
&quot;What say if I win, I get them both for a weekend?&quot; 
&quot;And if I win... I get you for a weekend, gorgeous?&quot; 
Gwyneth hesitated at that one and then glanced around, aware that she and
  Natasha had briefly drawn attention away from the show. Mika could see doubt
  flicker across her eyes followed by the knowledge that she dare not back down.
  Finally, she nodded. 
&quot;Usual terms?&quot; asked Natasha. &quot;You get half an hour with one?&quot; 
&quot;That's plenty.&quot; She bowed mockingly as Mika tried not to stare
  at her bare breasts and she left the room. 
&quot;We have a bet like this every time,&quot; Natasha explained to her obviously
  confused companion. &quot;She usually wins. In fact, she always wins, but I
  live in hope. She won me once, kept me as her slave girl all weekend.&quot; 
&quot;Really?&quot; Mika couldn't imagine the sexy, confident solicitor serving
  a a slave girl. &quot;You... ah... How was it?&quot; 
&quot;Awful. Bitch kept me tied up all weekend and wouldn't let me come once.
  I must have licked her out a hundred times. Well, all right, maybe twenty.
  I'll get her one of these days and when I do...&quot; 
&quot;You were a slave girl?&quot; 
&quot;Just play acting. A lot of us like to switch for a time, give our slaves
  a litle extra power. I don't with my two. Heaven knows what those sluts would
  do with me if they had me tied up. Some of us are quite comfortable with it,
  though.&quot; 
Mika tried to imagine Eve as her Mistress. It had its appeals, but she just
  wasn't interested in things that way. 
The door to the mirror room opened and Gwyneth strode in, instantly becoming
  the focus of attention and dominating the room. There was something in her
  sense of confidence and power that Mika doubted she would ever be able to emulate.
  The audience even tore their attention away from Eve and a and b's floor show
  in order to cheer the policewoman's entry. 
Without a word, Gwyneth grabbed a handful of a's long blond hair and wrenched
  her to her feet. The American slave girl had been on top of b at the time,
  licking her breasts and seemed to have missed the new arrival. She cried out
  with shock and pain and what sounded like a little disappointment as she was
  thrown across the room and then forced up to a standing position while her
  hands were pulled above her head and secured into one of the sets of manacles. 
She hung there, her feet dangling above the floor, whimpering and mewing like
  a pussy cat. 
b, meanwhile, had remained absolutely still, cringing on the floor, lying
  there naked, making an uncharacteristicaly modest attempt to cover up her nudity,
  closing her legs and placing one arm across her breasts. 
&quot;she always does that,&quot; Natasha remarked waspishly. &quot;Trying
  to look sweet and innocent.&quot; 
Mika glanced away to look at Eve. Her slave girl's eyes and widened and now
  bore the look of fear more than curiosity. Her breathing had gotten faster
  and faster and her breast threatened to pop free of her flimsy bra. 
Gwyneth advaned on a, stroking her long strap-on. The Indian girl obviously
  knew what to do, for she rose up onto her knees and opened her mouth wide,
  taking the long dildo into her mouth, sucking and licking and deep-throating
  it with considerable expertise. Mika tried to imagine fitting something that
  size into her mouth and she had to resist the urge to retch. 
She looked at Eve again and was overcome with an urge to protect her, to stroke
  her long hair and tell her everything would be all right, that she would not
  allow anyone to hurt her and that she would never be humiliated the way that
  a and b were. 
She didn't, partly because she was, like everyone else, interested in the
  outcome of Natasha and Gwyneth's bet, and also because she could not bear the
  thought of walking in there under full view of all these women. They might
  expect a similar sort of show. 
Mika jumped backwards as her attention was drawn back to Gwyneth and a. The
  Indian slave girl had finished taking the dildo in her mouth and had now been
  thrown against the window, that must be a mirror on her side. Gwyneth had cuffed
  her hands behind her back. 
Seeing them now like this, Mika realised that the policewoman towered over
  her helpless victim. The high heels of her boots obviously had something to
  do with that but her sense of confidence, of dominance, of power. a looked
  like a slave girl, her face pressed against the glass, eyes wide with impending
  terror and pain, mouth open to moan. 
Mika wondered if she would ever be able to carry that air of confidence with
  Eve, if she could ever dominate Eve in that way. 
a screamed loudly as Gwyneth thrust the wet dildo into her from behind. Her
  body slammed against the glass again as the dominant policewoman thrust into
  her again and again, brutally and hard. Mika thought at first that a was simply
  being taken normally but then she looked down and saw that Gwyneth's hands
  were in the girl's pussy, fingers roughly invading her, squeezing and parting
  her lips, mauling her, exposing her for the audience. 
Mika winced, her stomach turning as she continued to watch Gwyneth anally
  rape a while simultaneously masturbating her. 
The noises were muffled by the glass, but there were speakers in the mirror
  room and everyone watching could hear the slave girl's sounds. To Mika they
  sounded horrible, anguished cries of pain and ear. 
But as she glanced at Natasha, she noticed that she was alone in that one. 
&quot;Bitch,&quot; said the solicitor, clearly unhappy. &quot;she's enjoying
  that. Just listen to her.&quot; 
Mika did and it seemed to her now that the cries of pain were perhaps not
  as pained as she had at first thought. Some of the nuances in the moans and
  the sobbing... 
Oh... 
But... 
She couldn't be enjoying that, could she? Being treated like that? Abused
  like that? 
Natasha looked her eyes and sighed melodramatically. &quot;I'm going to lose
  again,&quot; she said. &quot;At least I'm not the prize this time.&quot; 
Was she really going to lose? Mika was struggling to grasp what everyone else
  had clearly identified. If a was trying not to come, she was not trying very
  hard. she cried out louder and louder and the forcing of her lithe body against
  the glass seemed at least as much her now as it was Gwyneth. 
She cried out again and again and again and then she sank forward, pressing
  herself hard against the glass, sobbing and glowing with the aftermath of her
  orgasm. 
&quot;I bet that wasn't even five minutes,&quot; muttered Natasha. &quot;That
  little whore is in trouble, believe me. Oh, Gwyneth is not going to let me
  forget this.&quot; 
&quot;She enjoyed that?&quot; Mika whispered, still unable to believe it,
  despite the evidence sticking to the lower portion of the window. 
&quot;Course she did, little slut. Didn't you hear her?&quot; 
&quot;But how...?&quot; 
Natasha shrugged. &quot;Some slave girls do. Your one might enjoy it as well.
  Or she might learn to enjoy it. Or you can treat her a little more gently than
  that. Whatever floats your boat. You're in charge of her, remember.&quot; 
&quot;I don't want to hurt her,&quot; Mika whispered. 
&quot;Then don't. The slave police won't come round to your house to make
  sure you're whipping her every night. Although that one in there might well
  want to.&quot; 
Mika looked through the window at Eve. She was still hanging there, gagged
  and helpless and looking so incredibly adorable and vulnerable. This must be
  how men felt when they saw a damsel in distress, someone they could rescue
  and protect and keep safe. 
But Eve really was hers to keep safe. For now, at least. 
After the twenty-eight days were up, she could be sold to anyone else, to
  someone who would treat her the way Gwyneth had a, or worse. To some who could... 
&quot;I'm going to get her out of there,&quot; she announced. She made for
  the door, but then stopped. &quot;How do I get her out of the handcuffs?&quot; 
&quot;Hmm?&quot; Natasha asked, distractedly. She had been watching a, on
  her knees before Gwyneth again, cleaning the strap-on with her mouth. &quot;Oh,
  there's a catch on each cuff. You just press it. They're all easy enough to
  let someone out of, just impossible to get out of yourself.&quot; 
&quot;Thank you.&quot; She headed for the door again. 
&quot;Oh,&quot; Natasha added. &quot;The other doors on this corridor. They
  lead to private play rooms. Feel free to use them. They can be locked from
  inside. No one's going to come in and disturb you.&quot; 
Mika trembled slightly and then went to get her slave girl. 
---------- 
The door closed behind them with a bang and Mika jumped, almost dropping her
  lovely burden. She was not carrying Eve - she had nowhere near the strength
  to do that - but the gorgeous redhead was leaning against her, supported by
  her and would likely have fallen to the ground had Mika let go. 
The private play room was dark, lit by low wattage bulbs giving a red hue
  to the hard cold floor and the soft curtains draped here and there. Mika looked
  around for a chair or a couch and found nothing. The nearest was a raised cross,
  cuffs dangling from each corner. 
She rested Eve against the cross, allowing the American to slide from her
  arms and stepping back, shaking slightly, trying to calm her breathing. She
  could not believe she had actually done that. 
Walking into that room had been the most terrifying thing she had ever done.
  She had to resist the urge to glance sideways, knowing she could feel the women
  there, looking at her, wondering what they might be saying. 
She had ignored a and b and Gwyneth and gone straight to her slave girl. The
  cuffs had proved to be as easy to undo as Natasha had promised, but Mika still
  fumbled with them, her hands shaking too much to find the catch and press it.
  She had finally managed it and Eve had slumped forward, falling into her arms. 
Eve looked drained and Mika tried to think of how long she had been hanging
  there. It must have been agonising for her. At least she was tall enough to
  reach the ground, albeit just. To stand there on tiptoes... 
How much time had passed while she had been with Natasha? How long had Eve
  been dangling there, in agony, waiting for her Mistress to come and save her? 
Mika looked at her lovingly, overcome with a sudden and powerful urge to protect
  her slave. She could not be like Natasha, and allow Eve to be hurt or abused. 
She remembered slapping her and reached up to stroke Eve's cheek. 
Her eyes opened and Mika gasped. 
&quot;Are you all right?&quot; she asked, a moment later, her heart pounding. 
&quot;You came for me,&quot; Eve whispered. &quot;My Mistress came for me.&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; Mika replied, a little nonplussed. &quot;I'm sorry. I never
  meant to... I...&quot; 
&quot;They were going to torture me. They said they would rape me and whip
  me and that you would never come, but I knew you would.&quot; 
Mika made to say something but then stopped, her mind wandering. Had she heard
  that right? Natasha might be cruel with her own slaves and Gwyneth might have
  been rough with a, but she could not imagine either of them abusing another
  slave girl without permission. Not one who wore the white slave collar anyway.
  Natasha had been very clear about the importance of respecting a slave's boundaries. 
&quot;I knew you would come, Mistress. I knew you would come and save me.&quot; 
Mika hadn't really done much saving, really. It wasn't as if she had marched
  into a castle full of soldiers and fought her way to free her true love. 
Eve stretched, raising her pale arms high above her head. Her breasts rose
  and her bra seemed to fall, revealing pale pink nipples and soft, creamy flesh. 
&quot;I love you, Mistress,&quot; she said, in a voice that was part-purr
  and part-little girl lost and part-wonderfully sweet. 
&quot;I love you too, slave,&quot; Mika said, without truly realising what
  she was saying, or what she was doing, or what was happening. 
Eve leaned forward, staring directly at Mika, her eyes soft and adoring and
  adorable. She parted her lips slightly, her arms still raised high above her
  head. 
Did she want Mika to kiss her? Mika wanted to, oh, how she wanted to, but
  could she do that? Well, yes of course she could, but did she have the moral
  ability to do so? She hesitated, unsure, doubting. 
Eve rested her head back and Mika silently cursed. The moment was lost. 
&quot;I have displeased my Mistress,&quot; she said in that same dreamy voice. &quot;You
  must punish me, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;Must I?&quot; 
There was a click and Mika lookde up to realise Eve had cuffed her wrists
  into the two cuffs fixed into place at the top of the cross, and she had done
  so with considerably more elegance and grace than Mika had managed getting
  her out of the other ones. 
&quot;I am your slave, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; came the reply. &quot;You are.&quot; 
&quot;You can punish me, hurt me, abuse me, do whatever you wish with me.
  I only ask that you do not stop loving me, Mistress.&quot; 
Mika stepped back, still shaking, looking at her gorgeous slave girl. What
  had come over Eve? What was this? The voice... that didn't even sound like
  her. 
Eve was trembling, her breasts entirely free of the flimsy bra, her long legs
  taut and strained, her mouth trembling, tear rising in her eyes. Mika looked
  at her, looked at her eyes. 
There was some game here, but Eve was beginning to doubt. That look in her
  eyes, that sense of fear... that was genuine, Mika was sure of it. Reject her
  now and she would be rejecting her for good. 
Mika could not do that. 
She stepped forward, balancing on her tiptoes, leaned against the luscious
  body of her slave girl, and kissed her. 
It was a soft kiss, loving and erotic and wonderful. Eve's lips were soft
  and sweet. The feel of her body against Mika's was blissful, everything Mika
  had hoped it would be. Eve responded, her body straining against the self-imposed
  chains. 
Mika pulled back. Eve was crying. 
&quot;Not a word,&quot; she whispered, in a voice trying to be stern and severe
  and failing quite badly. &quot;This is your punishment.&quot; She knew what
  to do now. Natasha had given her the idea, of sorts. &quot;Do not speak.&quot; 
She knelt down, gently taking Eve's ankles and pulling them to the other corners
  of the cross, where more manacles dangling. She cuffed them into place, as
  gently as she could. She stroked Eve's legs, running her hands gently up and
  down the pale expanse of inner thigh. 
Shifting her position slightly, she kneeled foward, her head level with Eve's
  groin. She placed a soft, momentary kiss at Eve's frilly, lacey, white panties.
  Her hand slid up Eve's leg and gently pushed beneath the delicate fabric, brushing
  against the edges of her sex. 
Eve moaned. She cried. She let out wonderful sounds. She sighed. She wept.
  She may have said words in defiance of Mika's order. 
Mika did not care. She was in bliss, on her knees before her sexy, lovely
  slave girl, kissing and caressing and coaxing her. Any doubts she may have
  had about whether Eve enjoyed sex or liked women or was some puritan fanatic
  were all dispelled as her slave cried out in a rapture that could not have
  been faked. 
When she was done, and she again had no clue as to how much time had passed,
  she lay back, as drained as if she had been pleasured herself. The floor was
  cold and hard against her back, but she would rather have rested there than
  on any silken sheets. 
She wanted to close her eyes and rest, allowing sleep to take her into blissful
  dreams, but she also wanted to stay there, staring up at her beloved slave
  girl, fixing this moment in her mind forever, for she doubted anything like
  this would ever happen to her again. 
But she stopped and sat up and then stood up. 
Eve was crying. Genuine tears, genuine sobs, her body racked. 
Sudden guilt filled Mika. What if Eve had not truly wanted that? What if she
  was not a lesbian or did not like sex or was some puritan? Had her slavery
  just been brought home to her? Had she expected something more from Mika, some
  kindness or mercy that Mika had just taken away from her? 
All those thoughts came at once, and Mika stepped forward, standing as close
  to Eve as she dared without actually touching her. 
&quot;What is it?&quot; she asked. &quot;Eve... did I hurt you? Are you...?
  Eve... please...&quot; 
Eve was trying to say something, but she could not speak through the tears.
  Mika was torn behind holding her and backing off. 
&quot;Please,&quot; Eve finally rasped. &quot;Please...&quot; 
&quot;Please what? Eve...&quot; 
&quot;Please don't sell me.&quot; 
Mika started. &quot;Eve, I...&quot; 
&quot;I'll do anything. I'll work. I'll learn how to cook. I'll clean your
  clothes properly. I'll sleep in a cage in the shed.&quot; Mika didn't have
  a shed. &quot;Just... please don't sell me.&quot; 
&quot;I won't,&quot; Mika whispered. She could afford Eve. Just. She would
  come up with something. That was a problem for another day. &quot;I won't sell
  you.&quot; She began to stroke Eve's lovely, long hair. &quot;Please stop crying.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; 
But she didn't. Not until Mika unbound her from the cross and held her tightly
  and stroked her hair and kissed her breasts and laid her down on the cold floor.
  Eve's cries were just as loud and just as wonderful the second time. 
&quot;My first time,&quot; she whispered afterwards, slumbering in her Mistress'
  arms. 
&quot;The first time you had sex?&quot; Mika asked, horrified again. &quot;You
  were a virgin?&quot; 
&quot;No. The first time I ever... felt like that.&quot; A long pause and
  then a soft purring. &quot;Thank you, Mistress.&quot; 
Mika did not know what to say to that, so she said nothing at all and drifted
  away to sleep, holding Eve tightly and praying she would never go away. 
---------- 
A loud knock on the door woke her. Her head was pounding and her mouth was
  dry and sweet. The room was full of her own sweat and arousal. 
&quot;Wake up, lover girls,&quot; called Natasha. &quot;The place is closing
  soon-ish.&quot; 
Mika blinked, staring around the dark room and slowly disentangled herself
  from the lovely mass of limbs and soft, creamy flesh. She stretched. Her fetish
  dress may look sexy, but it was definitely not very comfortable to sleep in. 
She hobbled to the door, ankles aching from the pain of her high heels, wishing
  she could take her boots off. She slid back the bolt and opened the door, blinking
  at the sudden onrush of light. 
Natasha was standing there, arms folded under her shapely breasts. &quot;Thought
  you'd have fallen asleep,&quot; she said. &quot;The place shuts down in about
  an hour. The cleaners'll be coming in.&quot; 
&quot;Oh,&quot; Mika whispered. &quot;What time is it?&quot; 
&quot;Just gone six.&quot; 
&quot;In the morning?&quot; Mika had not stayed out all night since she had
  been a student, and not often then. &quot;Oh, God.&quot; 
&quot;Did you two have fun?&quot; Natasha glanced past Mika and saw Eve still
  slumbering on the floor, in a state of very attractive deshabille. &quot;Looks
  like it.&quot; Mika was well past blushing. &quot;So. How was it?&quot; 
&quot;It was...&quot; She paused. &quot;It was wonderful,&quot; she finally
  sighed. 
&quot;No doubts?&quot; 
&quot;No.&quot; 
&quot;Told you,&quot; said the solicitor, taking Mika in a swift hug. &quot;Anyway,
  you'd better get dressed again properly and make your way out. Taxis are all
  arranged. They'll take you two straight home.&quot; 
&quot;I feel exhausted.&quot; 
&quot;I bet you do.&quot; 
Mika looked away, biting her lower lip. A giggle sddenly escaped her and all
  her fatigue and incipent hangover faded. Oh, she felt so... She looked at Eve
  again and her heart swelled with love and admiration and so many other things
  she had not the words for. 
&quot;She's gorgeous. You're a very lucky woman.&quot; 
&quot;Yeah.&quot; Mika sighed. Could she not have a moment's blissful happiness
  without reality coming in? A treacherous thought reminded her that she had
  had several moments of blissful happiness last night. &quot;I've no idea how
  I'm going to be able to afford to keep her. She begged me not to sell her.
  I don't want to, but...&quot; 
&quot;Ah! That reminds me. I meant to mention this to you last night but...
  what with one thing and another, I forgot completely. We're looking to expand
  our slavery law department. We should have some vacancies. You interested?&quot; 
&quot;I'm not a trained solicitor.&quot; 
&quot;Don't worry about that. We can take you on as a paralegal, set you on
  the Legal Executive Course. Oh, it's not guaranteed. I have to run everything
  by my partner and you'll probably have to attend an interview or two, but I'll
  put in a good word and I'm sure you'll do fine. The money isn't great but it'll
  be better than you're on now and I can promise you a number of... ah... perks.
  We'll even hire Eve as well.&quot; 
&quot;I thought slaves couldn't work.&quot; 
&quot;They can't, but she can be an asset you bring to the firm. Sort of like
  using your own car instead of a company car, that sort of thing. You'll be
  entitled to an allowance.&quot; 
&quot;Um...&quot; Mika tried to think of how to phrase this. &quot;Ah... she's
  not very... um...&quot; 
Natasha nodded. &quot;I see. Don't worry about that. We can stick her on reception.
  All she has to do is answer the phone and draw in prospective clients. Look,
  we really have to go. I can contact you to arrange an interview... if you're
  interested?&quot; 
&quot;Yes! Um... I mean... yes, of course. That would be... ah... yes...&quot; 
&quot;Well, don't get too excited. As I said, I have to run it by my partner.
  She might think I'm only hiring you because we're sleeping together.&quot; Natasha
  grinned, leaned forward and kissed her, a loving, tender, passionate kiss that
  left Mika gasping and knees buckling. 
&quot;Go home,&quot; Natasha whispered. &quot;Take your gorgeous little slave
  girl to bed. You might even want to sleep there. It's Sunday, after all. Everything
  else can wait until Monday.&quot; 
Mika smiled weakly and stepped back, turning to her beautiful, sleeping slave
  girl. 
A simple touch to her shoulder woke Eve up. She looked up. &quot;Oh,&quot; she
  breathed. &quot;I had a strange dream.&quot; 
&quot;I'll bet you did,&quot; Mika breathed. &quot;Come on. It's time to go
  home.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; she purred. 
---------- 
Mika dressed shyly, looking away from Eve, the normal environment of the changing
  room casting a pall over her mind. She pulled her jumper and trousers over
  her fetish dress, the fabric itchy and awkward against the sweat trickling
  across her skin. 
She turned around to see Eve dressed, still looking sexy and wonderful. Eve
  gently took her hand as the two of them left. 
Neither said anything on the taxi ride home, although Eve did rest up against
  Mika, one arm around her, resting her body against hers, breathing softly and
  slowly onto Mika's neck. The taxi driver said nothing. 
Mika fumbled with her keys and finally managed to open the door to her apartment,
  stumbling in. She wanted to flop down on the sofa, or better yet the bed, but
  she could not. Not yet. She could barely move in this thing. 
She stripped off her outer jumper and struggled with the laces for her corset
  dress. Her fingers were tingling and seemed incapable of obeying her instructions
  but she finally managed it, forcing herself out of the tight top. She remembered
  Natasha managing to get inside her earlier, hoisting the skirt above her waist
  and using fingers and tongues and... 
Oh, my. 
She kicked off the high boots slightly more easily and at last accomplished
  her aim. Naked, able to breathe easily, she fell down on the couch with a satisfied
  sigh. 
She suddenly sat up, realising she was completely naked. And in front of Eve,
  too. It sounded strange, after all they had done last night, but that had been
  last night and things had been different then and this was her apartment, her
  home and... 
She need not have bothered. Eve was kneeling obediently and shyly on the floor,
  hands on her thighs a patient expression on her face. 
Mika could not help herself. She laughed and gestured for Eve to join her
  on the couch. All her tension had faded from her and she held her slave girl
  tightly and affectionately. 
&quot;I'm not going to sell you,&quot; she whispered, head resting on Eve's
  shoulder. 
&quot;Thank you, Mistress,&quot; came the reply. Mika chuckled. 
They stayed like that for a long time. Mika may even have dozed off for a
  while. She finally stirred and stretched and got up. A shower, first. Maybe
  some coffee. After that... she had no idea. Maybe visit the cinema, or just
  stay in and watch TV, or take Eve to bed, or read a little, or take Eve to
  bed, or go and rent a DVD, or take Eve to bed. 
She thought taking Eve to bed might be a good idea. In fact, she might just
  skip out the shower and coffee. 
A thought came to her. 
&quot;Eve?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress?&quot; she said in a delightful purr that sent tingles
  running through Mika's body. 
&quot;Why were you acting so... ah... well... strange last night?&quot; 
&quot;'Strange,' Mistress?&quot; 
&quot;So much like a slave girl. All that kneeling and submission and... You
  seemed so embarassed before.&quot; 
&quot;I am your slave girl. I came to realise that if I had to be a slave
  girl, I was really lucky to be a slave girl here. I knew you... liked me...
  after I... ah...&quot; After she saw Mika masturbating. &quot;And I wanted
  to be your slave girl. I didn't at first but the more I found out about it,
  the more I realised just how much I wanted to.&quot; 
Mika paused, unsure of what to say. &quot;Found out about it? Were you talking
  to Natasha?&quot; 
&quot;No, Mistress. I didn't know about her until last night. I went online
  with your computer and found some slave chatrooms and forums. I got advice
  from there.&quot; 
&quot;You know how to use a computer?&quot; Mika asked, momentarily surprised. 
&quot;A little. I went to college back home. I dropped out after a semester,
  but I learned how to use a computer.&quot; 
&quot;Well, wonders never cease,&quot; she joked. Then she stopped. &quot;You
  went online?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;During the day?&quot; Mika nearly shrieked. 
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;For how long?&quot; 
&quot;Most of the time while you were out.&quot; 
&quot;Every day?&quot; 
&quot;When you were at work, yes. Mistress, is there something...?&quot; 
Mika let out a low moan. &quot;My phone bill,&quot; she whispered. &quot;It's
  going to be huge.&quot; She put her hands over her eyes. &quot;Massive.&quot; 
&quot;I'm sorry, Mistress. I didn't know.&quot; 
No, she wouldn't. Going online during the day. Fifteen pence a minute. Mika
  did not want to think what her phone bill was going to be. 
She sighed. One of the many pitfalls of owning a slave. She could see the
  wisdom in keeping Eve tied up very tightly all day when she wasn't around. 
&quot;Eve, listen to me...&quot; She stopped. Eve had sunk to her knees, adopting
  the slave posture again. Somehow she had shed her outer clothes in the meantime
  and was now in just her underwear again. 
&quot;I'm sorry, Mistress,&quot; she said, pouting. &quot;I've been a bad
  slave girl. Perhaps you should punish me.&quot; 
Mika made to say something and then stopped. Yes, perhaps she should. She
  wished she now had a whip or a flogger or some sort of lash. She had seen loads
  of them at the party. Perhaps that could be her first purchase from the slave
  club. 
If she could afford a purchase. Keeping slaves was expensive. She had better
  hope she got that job Natasha had been talking about. 
In the meantime... looking at Eve kneeling there, she could not stay angry
  long. But some punishment was definitely in order. What had Natasha said about
  the best way to discipline slaves? 
Mika smiled. 
&quot;Yes, I will punish you,&quot; she said. &quot;I'm going to take a shower.
  Wait here for me. Don't move a muscle.&quot; 
As she walked towards her bathroom, still completely naked, she imagined taking
  Eve to bed, tying her down as tightly as possible with the feeble tools she
  had available, playing with her, toying with her, watching her writhe and tremble
  and beg for release. 
Denial. That was what Natasha had recommended. Mika would see if that worked. 
She stopped at the door to the bathroom, a tingling spreading all over her
  bare skin. She turned back. The shower could wait. 
Barely forty-five minutes later she succumbed to Eve's pleading and pouting
  and moaning and let her cum. Mika knew she was just too nice to be a slave
  Mistress. 
---------- 
Two weeks later: 
Dear Miss Iwai, 
Thank you for confirming your membership of the House of Chains and Whips,
    Europe's foremost slave and tool supplier. We note you have elected to keep
    your new slave girl and we enclose our invoice for her. 
It is part of your membership that you make at least one purchase from
    each of the first four catalogues you receive. Our first catalogue is enclosed. 
The Editor's Pick of the month is the set of slave manacles, which includes
    wrist cuffs, ankle cuffs, collar and leash. We guarantee that no slave will
    be able to escape from these once securely tied up and they are specially
    lined with a patented synthetic material to ensure no marks or bruising to
    her soft skin. 
Order these manacles within twenty eight days and you can take your pick
    of the chastity belts displayed on page five for only half price. 
We want you to feel that you can order from us in perfect confidence.
    All of our items are subject to a twenty-eight day trial period. Simply return
    them within twenty-eight days if you are not satisfied and we will replace
    them for any item of equal or lower cost at your choice. 
We hope you enjoy your membership of the House of and we will try and
    do all we can to make sure your life as a slave owner is as simple and enjoyable
    as possible. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sarijak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





