BDSM Library - Megan Learns Her Lesson




Megan Learns Her Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: a novice submissive is made aware of the strictness of her masterMegan Learns Her Lesson
Megan was still asleep, and I had been watching her for nearly twenty
  minutes. Her blonde hair cascaded in waves over the pillow and her face was
  peaceful and content. I smiled as I watched her breathing, her chest slowly
  rising and falling in rhythm with her breaths. The sheet had fallen down around
  her waist, leaving her chest exposed. I slowly moved my hand over to her
  breasts.
They were still asleep, just like the rest of her, but I had made up my mind
  to
  wake them up. I slowly began tracing her nipple, barely touching it, very
  carefully circling her breast. The nipple sprang to life. I increased the
  pressure a little bit, rubbing the nipple until it jutted out from Megan's
  breast like a hard little rock. It was only then that Megan stirred.
She moaned a little, then stretched her arms up over her head and yawned.
  Finally, she looked over at me and smiled.
&quot;Good morning, gorgeous,&quot; I greeted her. She looked down to see my
  hand begin to squeeze her exposed breasts. She smiled at me, happy for this
  early morning gift.
&quot;Hmm, mmmm, that feels so good.&quot; Megan closed her eyes and prepared
herself to
  feel every sensation that I chose to give her. She arched her back a little,
  moving her breasts closer to my waiting hands. I smiled at her eagerness and
  began groping her. Her breathing became quick and shallow as she let herself
  be
  taken away in my gentle caresses. Just when she was beginning to feel really
  good, my touch stopped. Surprised, she opened her eyes and moaned in protest.
  My face was solemn and my eyes told her that something was wrong.
&quot;Have you forgotten about last night, my slave?&quot;
  Her stomach dropped. She had hoped I had forgotten about her transgression
  last night, but I never forgot. It had started out so innocently. The two
  of us planned on a quiet evening at home together. Megan had laid down on her
  bed, eagerly awaiting my return from work. She knew that once I was home, I
  would prepare her for my pleasure. She would be bathed in pleasant-smelling
  oils and her hair would be brushed until it shone like the sun. Then, I would
  apply the wax to her pubic area and under her arms and slowly, agonizingly
  rip
  the hair out, one by one, prolonging the pain as much as I could. I would
  attach the leather collar around her neck and fit her ankle and wrist cuffs
  on.
  Finally, I would attach the little bell to the ring that I had placed on Megan's
  right labia. Megan knew that it was only then, when she was clean and
  prepared for me, that she would be able to serve me. She had looked at the
  clock. She still had at least an hour until I got home from work. Megan
  couldn't wait any longer. Moaning softly, she began to caress her bare breasts
  and her fingers slowly moved down to her pussy. Thoughts of me rushed through
  her head as she began to rub herself. She wasn't allowed to masturbate without
  my permission, but she had figured that what I didn't know wouldn't hurt me.
  Just as she orgasmed, she heard
  someone clear their throat in the doorway of the room. She had looked up to
  see me staring at her, disapprovingly.
&quot;I see you don't need my company tonight, slave,&quot; I had said. Megan
  knew better than to protest. She sat up from the bed and hung her head in
  shame. I had gathered my things and told her that I wouldn't be back until
  much
  later.
&quot;Where are you going, Master?&quot; she had asked, tears running down her
face. She
  new she had failed me.
&quot;That is none of your concern, Megan. I will deal with this in the
  morning.&quot; When the door slammed and I had left, Megan had cried. She hated
  to
  disappoint me, and she knew that she had been a disobedient slave. All our
  plans for a romantic evening had been ruined because of her. Now, the morning
  after, Megan remembered that she had slipped into bed after midnight when I
  still hadn't reappeared. She had cried herself to sleep and she had
  been too exhausted to hear me return at two in the morning. Now, she knew she
  had to face punishment for failing her master.
I had slipped out of bed and stood in front of her, tall and imposing.
&quot;I want you to do everything I say, Megan. Don't ask any questions and don't
  hesitate. Prove to me with your obedience that you are sorry and that you
  desire to be a slave to me.&quot; I smiled secretly when I saw her lower lip
  pop out
  and the tears begin to fall.
  I didn't really mind Megan's disobedience. It excited me that she was such
  a
  sexual creature. However, rules are rules, and nothing excited the two of us
  like a punishment session. I tried to hide my amusement and instead said in
  the
  sternest voice I could muster, &quot;Get out of the bed.&quot;
  Megan rose, her head hung low. She knew she had to take whatever I would
  give her, and she would do it gladly. She wanted me to see that she was
  sorry and that she could take anything I would dish out.
&quot;Go over and face the wall, slave. Stand with your legs spread far apart
and
  your hands on the wall over your head.&quot;
  She did as she was told. She knew I was watching her every move, seeing if
  she
  would hesitate. She stood before me now, bracing herself against the wall,
  waiting for my touch. I stood behind her.
&quot;Megan, I put up with a lot from you. I don't ask for much, but you continue
to
  disobey me, and I can't stand for that.&quot; She heard me rustling around
  in a
  drawer for something. &quot;You need to learn a lesson. Prepare yourself for
  a
  punishment.&quot; Her stomach tensed in anticipation as she braced herself.
  She
  felt her whole body tense up, knowing what was coming. I put a hand on her
  back
  so I could get leverage and brought the flogger down across her ass as hard
  as I
  could. She jumped. No matter how many times she was whipped, the first
  stroke always startled her. She brought her hands down to her butt
  instinctively, trying to rub out the damage done by the lash. She heard me
  sigh
  at her from behind.
&quot;Slave, you know the rules are that you are not allowed to move
  yourself from that position against the wall unless I gave you permission.
  You
  moved your hands. That just brought you more punishment.&quot; She quickly
  returned
  her hands to the wall.
&quot;Now, slave, can you hold position or do I need to tie you?&quot;
  She shook her head. &quot;No Master, I'm sorry. I won't do it again.&quot;
  She knew the punishment would be much worse if she were tied. She was
  determined to get through this as quickly as possible so that she could continue
  serving her master in the way that I deserved.
I waited for Megan to brace herself again, then once again brought the
  flogger down across her ass. She groaned a little, but held position. &quot;That
  was much better, slave,&quot; I told her. I increased my rhythm a little, landing
  four strokes across her thighs as quickly as I could. She cried out and bounced
  a little from the pain, but her hands did not leave the wall. Smiling, I knew
  that with the next stroke, she would have no choice but to disobey. I swung
  my
  arm all the way back and brought the flogger up between her legs, landing a
  hard
  stroke right on her mound and her clit.
My hand, softly cupping Megan's pussy...just before I bring the lash once
  more under her...mmmm...soothing Megan's reddened ass with my
  hands...caressing...softly smoothing her pained flesh...roaming under her wet
  cunt, I move under her, tongue tasting the saltiness of Megan's groin while
  her juices are flowing...and letting her pussy continue responding to my hand
  while her hips are unashamedly moving her clit to rub against me, as I hold
  my hand still for Megan to moan...and then...withdrawing my hand so she
  knows...the lash...about to....*whack*...and Megan again jumps...with her
  slick juices now dampening the lashes...my grip pulling her hair back roughly
  so she now looks up at the ceiling...I tell her...&quot;You must learn to be
  obedient to me...to be a good slavegirl for me...&quot;
I bite into Megan's neck, teeth marks showing...as my hand returns to her
  hot
  cunt...her pussy rubbing harder
  now...then...*whack*...again...again...again...up under her legs she feels
  the lashes...jolting her entire pussy up into the air...it seems...as my
  strokes are brutal...meant to hurt...and cause tears and pain now...
&quot;Is my pussy wet, a bit...slave?&quot;, feeling the heat rising into
  her
  nipples...her face flushed with some degree of desire...then...as she
  feels...a lash again...she feels my hand once again also...guiding my hard,
  throbbing...dripping cock to her pussy...so wet and brutalized now telling
  Megan, &quot;Tilt your ass...up on your toes...slavecunt...grip this cock inside
  your lips...and hold it there&quot; As I take each nipple...rubbing her cunt
  juices on them to slicken them as my fingers twirl...and pull them to
  pleasure ... enough to make Megan acknowledge the inescapable orgasm begin
  building inside her errant pussy. As my cock is held so carefully...I bring
  my lash back down HARD on her back legs...causing Megan to impulsively
  squeeze her pussy so hard she pops the head of my cock...out.
&quot;Ohhhhhhh....bad slave!...very, very bad slave!...you've failed me...AGAIN!!&quot;
  Now...I turn her to face me, grabbing Megans's shoulders, so limp now in my
  hands, daring not to show one sign of resistance...as I tie her arms tightly
  above her head...&quot;Never ever find anything more important than my needs
  and
  wants...serving and servicing these things...are your purpose...to become the
  perfect slave to me!!&quot;
I know you well, slavegirl...as you want this so at times, then you feel
  trapped...and like a wild animal, you have to get away at any cost, but
  then...you come back...because you want, but it's much more than just a
&quot;want&quot;...without it you would suredly die...for I am more than just
a part of
  you...I am your life...and you know I know that, so you want it as I can give
  it to you...as you won't take it from anyone else, could never imagine your
  life
  with anyone else...you not only love this...but as it became an expression
  of
  your life, slave...you have fallen in love with me, your master...
&quot;You don't want anyone else knowing how you really want to be...need
  to be
  treated...how you really are, Megan...afraid to trust anyone else to be able
  to give what you need...and then...let you
  also be as you need...without it at times...but with it much much more than
  you ever can be without it...my sadistic domination of your life...as you ask
  for and need to be punished...for bolting from me...for any reason
  whatsoever, if I choose or not...it doesn't matter...you live for my
  attention, no matter how I dispense it...gently and lovingly...or like
  this&quot;...
&quot;You do know you're to be punished, Megan&quot;
&quot;Yes I know Master&quot;
&quot;You need to be punished...to show that you're aware of being wrong...being
  bad...
  needing to show me you're willing to take what I give you...so you'll try
  harder next time
  to please me. Also pretty slave, you do this because you know I enjoy seeing
  you in pain like that...don't I?...and you enjoy feeling that pain...for me,
  don't you? You'll do anything for me, won't you?
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;
&quot;I'd love to see you arching your back now...on your hands and
  knees...pushing that red
  lil raw pussy up to me...asking me to fuck you...hard and rough. You do love
  me to fuck you hard...don't you...my lil cuntbitch? You love to be
  punished...but you need to be too...so...you can't get my cock in you
  now...Meagn, my bad lil cunt whore...you nasty lil dirt-rubbing pussy...I'd
  have you begging now...as I have you on your hands and knees...to fuck
  you...rape you hard and oh, so cruelly...so that'll be your punishment...to
  leave you lying in the dirt...all night...cum...squeezing out of your pussy.
  You better beg me...whoreslut...or I'll make you wish you were never born!&quot;
&quot;No, I don't want to beg.&quot;
&quot;Then...find out what I do to bitches who think that they can refuse
  me!!&quot;
  Laughing in some maniacal tone, I jerk you up by her hair...off the
  floor...&quot;No cunt of yours is going to entice me to fuck it
  now...whore!&quot;...dragging her...to the wall...taking each arm... tying
  it wide
  to the side, parallel to the ground...with gravel toned voice telling Megan
  to spread those cunt lips by having her feet outside this 4' wide
  board...never bringing them closer.&quot;
&quot;No.&quot;
&quot;Oh my gosh!!!!...Megan, you foolish lil idiotbitch!!
I grab her cunt...squeeze it so hard she has tears flowing freely...her lips
  trembling...
  can't breathe it hurts so bad...as my nails dig into Megan's cunt...squeezing
  it like a foam rubber ball...over and over again...I grab
  it...hard...harder...even more harder now, with fingernails tearing into her
  soft smooth skin...looking into her squinted eyes, closed so tightly...teeth
  clenched...as if anything she could do now would avert my tempestous lust to
  devour her impertinence...
&quot;You like this, bitch?...you feel like cumming for me...like the lil
  dog
  whore you are?&quot; Then...as I squeeze these cunt lips so hard...and bite
  on her
  nipples, watching her eyes as she looks and sees her nipples pulled outward
  between my teeth...my eyes drilling into Megan's soul, this aggression she
  brings out in me...&quot;You better cum for me loud and hard...like the whorefuck
  you know you are to me...bitchslut!!&quot;
Megan did...screaming a most terrible primal burst of energy...screaming from
  both the pain and the exquisite orgasm she finally was allowed to have
  ripping herself apart from within...her body...likewise bucked and contorted
  as if volts of searing electricity possessed her totally...god was she so
  gorgeous right at this very moment...
&quot;Now look what you've done to my hands, you sorry little fuckslut...all
  wet
  and slimy
  with your cunt juices!!!...Fucking whore!!!!...lick it off...kiss my
  hands...tell me you love me to hurt you...want to be punished like the filthy
  slutfuck you are.&quot;
&quot;No&quot;
What a mistake...and she knows what it does to me to ever have anything
  negative shown to me by any slave...ever...
&quot;You think you can defy me, don't you, Megan?...even now?&quot;
&quot;Fuck you&quot;
I slap her tits now with my lash...20 times...each tit...criss crossing,
  under and over...directly over the aerola, the nipples...refusing to soften...
&quot;Stop it you fuck head...let me go!!&quot;
Over and over again...I bring my lash over her tits...hurting,
  stinging...ripping...taking a gag now...ball gag...press it into Megan's
  mouth to stop those stupid driveling words of
  hers...&quot;You are so foolish&quot;...as I rip her legs now wide open...tying
  them
  through iron rings to weights, now off the dungeon floor...so she can hardly
  move them...before they stretch that cunt open so wide it feels like she'll
  tear in two.
...I love to watch her struggle, her spirit...so erotically arousing to me...
Megan knew the game we played. She lived for it - punishment as
  deviously as I
  chose, each time a bit different, maybe not more severe or intense, but it
  was how she
  enjoys body-shuddering orgasms like she has to have. Addicted to it, to me,
  she is very
  good at &quot;asking&quot; me to use her body and mind as my erotic tool, my
  sexual
  instrument for
  bringing pleasure to her. She'll immediately deny that this is her drug, her
  aphrodisiac,
  but she knows that I know her better than anyone on this earth. What she
  confides in me,
  during times of confession, relaxed intimacy, is not only her way of letting
  me know her
  past and the particular &quot;sexual imprinting&quot; that sears her soul,
  but also her
  unique recipe
  for pleasure. The game increases now in tempo.
&quot;You pathetic little whore!!! You deny me and then think you can
  defy me??!!&quot;
  She was spread as tight as a banjo string, her legs gradually giving up their
  resolve to
  remain anything but closed, away from me. The double-stacked plastic milk
  crates
  already are mashing her reddened ass into a lattice-work of pressure points.
  Her arms are
  shackled above her, sadistically chained and now wrapped into her braided
  hair, more knotted than braided, but I did not care at this point for her
  delicacy in alluring me to her...yet still Megan is
  beautiful and still smelling so fragrant from her dedication to always
  present herself to
  me as my willing sexslave. What is about to happen, unbeknownst to her is
  the struggle
  to not only keep her legs and pelvis from dipping into an excruciatingly
  tortuous angle
  below horizontal, but if she does not now pull up with her arms as fiercely
  as she can, her
  gorgeous blonde hair will slowly be drawn so severely, she might rip it out
  -
  an event she
  never expects. But not willing to damage this exquisite creature, she also
  doesn't know
  that above her wrists, another short chain is also attached in that maze of
  webbing so she
  can only sink a few inches. This chain itself tightens to the support,
  keeping her aloft with
  only the sensations of needles piercing her scalp.
To you, the reader, this seems so sadistically cruel, but I do this
  not for me, but
  for her. She only orgasms when she masturbates alone, and when she can
  relive the
  torture - and the more fiendish I express this to her, the more intense
  pleasure her
  orgasms build.
What a totally vulnerable sight this hard-bodied professional model -
  now
  sexslave is. Tears run down her porcelain smooth face. Perspiration drips
  from her
  breasts. Teeth try to clench inside her gagged mouth as snorts of air plunge
  down her
  nose. Her eyes shut so tight. The exertion on her legs, facilitated by the
  unforgiving 50#
  weights looped through rings and then tied to her ankles, cause even her
  outer labia to
  open, revealing her wet, swollen clit.
Pondering the moment, &quot;Should I bring you more despair, my gorgeous
  little
  girl?&quot;, as I flick her rock-hard nipples, twist them as I lick the saltiness
  from between her
  heaving breasts. She only moans. &quot;Really? More? Then allow me to help
  you
  really
  learn what your defiance earlier has purchased.&quot;
Wide-eyed I step away, move behind her to place a wide nylon strap
  under and
  around her thighs, ratcheting this momentarily up, then kick the milk crates
  out from
  under her, banging them across the slate floor. Whispering into her ear,
&quot;Now my sweet,
  your legs are spent,&quot; as I bring the flogger down fiercely at the juncture
  of
  her
  magnificent legs...again, and again, and again, and again...directly onto her
  swollen cunt.
  Her arms grab hard to pull herself...where??...away from me?? I laugh until
  I almost
  choke. &quot;No, no, no, no, noooo precious girl. Your situation gets much,
  much
  worse
  now.&quot; The ratcheted nylon strap was only as supportive as I choose. &quot;Oh,
  pretty baby,
  now I'm going to relieve you of this burdensome old thing,&quot; and I slowly
  let
  the clacking
  of the reversing ratchet loosen the support. Not only her wearied legs give
  completely
  out to the demands of the ankle weights, and her perfectly rounded ass begins
  its
  inevitable descent below horizontal, but she also feels the incredible
  tension now on the
  roots of her hair.
Snorting with terror-filled eyes, she pulls hard on the support above
  her head,
  knowing I'll really leave her...until it does rip her hair. (But we know I've
  already planned
  to avoid such a senseless waste...shhhh).
Her arms tremble and shake from the hideous demands I make on them.
  The
  loose ends of the chains tinkle like a wind chime. Her tears flow freely,
  dropping off her
  exquisite cheek bones. &quot;Darling, let me give you something to take your
  mind
  off of this
  mean old predicament.&quot; I attach clamps to her shuddering nipples, so wet
  they slip off
  the first two times I try to close them on her buds. Then I smile into her
  eyes so sweetly
  as I pull her wet outer lips of her precious cunt and do likewise. Muffled
  screams.
I can almost hear the pain sear through the gag as she writhes, the
  weight of her
  entire body easily too much for even her toned arms to prevent for long.
  It's only when
  her absolute desperate terror of immolation is certain, that she's saved from
  losing her
  hair by the sadistic exactness of my predicted slack.
&quot;My pretty girl, so ready to say 'no' again to me? To use profanity
  in my presence,
  and directed towards me?&quot; She looks with eyes begging, constrained mumbling
  rushing
  from her gagged mouth. &quot;No? I don't think you do either&quot;, and I release
  her
  hair by
  unclipping my snap-link, letting it drop onto her back, rivulets of sweat now
  running
  down and dripping of her pointed ass.
&quot;But precious girl, I have a new instrument I created and I do think
  now is the
  perfect time to 'give it a test run', whattya say?&quot; Now Megan is sure
  her
  careless words
  will never be uttered again. It doesn't matter. She's mine. I don't care.
With her mouth already crammed full of the foam rubber ball gag, she
  watches as
  I bring a swimmer's nose clip in front of her eyes. I love to see how wide
  these incredibly
  gorgeous blue eyes can spread. With her hair released, she now shakes her
  head violently
  away from me as I shush her, stroke her matted hair...then grab a vise-grip
  full of it and
  jerk her face to within an inch of mine. &quot;Why do you still resist me,
  precious, when you
  know it only buys you more of the...same?&quot; I kiss her dewed little nose,
  so
  cute...then let
  the clamps snap her nostrils shut - completely.
I didn't realize what an inverted angle a woman's legs can really
  spread into, as
  my unfortunate sexslave demonstrates. She bucks and screams as if she can
  shake the
  nose clip loose, and gradually, gradually she surrenders to the laws of
  nature...and passes
  out. Her head droops forward.
Attentive as ever, I lift her chin softly. You'll remember that I
  really do adore and
  cherish this creature of my pleasure. First, taking the nose clip off and
  then removing the
  ball gag, she begins to draw into her parched lungs full breaths of glorious
  air...still
  unconscious.
Kissing her sweetly, she stirs, then groggily awakes to see me where
  I left her...an
  inch in front of her face. &quot;Please Mark, please!!&quot; &quot;Shhhhh,
  precious girl;
  you will either
  be totally silent or I'll again have to let my gag and clip silence you -
  understand?&quot; She is
  so very smart, one of her more attractive allures to me. She nods, lip
  poking out as
  renewed tears descend. &quot;Good girl&quot;, and I step back to reveal my
  latest
  invention of
  pleasure. Megan stares in wonder, as I slide it towards her. A wheel
  fastened with, what
  looks like eight inch leather straps - obviously a whipping machine.
&quot;No darling, I wouldn't just create something so one dimensional.
  What you don't
  see is the air compressor which supplies pounds of air that not only propel
  this wheel to
  turn at any given speed, but with this valve here, I can choose the amount
  of
  air that fills
  these industrial-strength balloons that are encased by the two dozen sheaths
  of leather.
  And, by the way, they are well oiled with hypo-allergenic topical cream that
  makes them
  so very soft or turgid as any human tongue...or, given my whim, as taut as
  any eight inch
  lash you've ever imagined. Care to see?&quot;
&quot;You know, I was thinking of you when I devised it, my little
  pain/pleasure slut.
  Now here, let me get it right at the juicy little cunt of yours, so neglected
  but so very,
  very wet.&quot; Allowing first the desired amount of pressure to make caressing
  tongues, I
  begin the revolutions of the wheel to create for her an ingenious degree of
  the best oral
  sex a woman could ever care to experience. Flipping from under her pussy, I
  make sure
  it does what I intend. Her clit is also totally lapped over and over and
  over and over
  again ad infinitum as Megan begins to feel such total pleasure, only
  momentarily
  disturbed by the always surprising jolt of pain when I remove the clips from
  her pussy
  and nipples.
&quot;If you care to be a good girl to me again, Ms. Megan, I'll place
  that wide strap
  back under these tortured little legs and raise you up ever so slightly so
  you can relax and
  get tongue fucked with only delicious pleasure in mind. Care for me to do
  that?&quot; She
  nodded. Very, very smart girl - didn't' I tell you?
Being the indulging Master that I am, I not only comfort her pained
  legs by fully
  supporting her weight with the straps, but I also recheck the angle of the
  wheel to
  maximize the surface area along her sopping pussy. Gently increasing the
  speed of
  revolutions, Megan begins to show all the signs of a deliciously, blossoming
  orgasm.
&quot;Now precious, I'm going to get some refreshments and I just want you
  to spoil
  yourself with the new toy. Just remember...no sound...and I'll be right
  back.&quot; She nods
  with a look of complete rapture as she gives herself completely over to the
  ministrations
  of the tongues. What she doesn't know is that cameras and listening devices,
  along with a
  remote control for the wheel will, unfortunately, make sure she can't keep
  her promise.
  (Told you I was devious.)
Megan's tight cunt begins to throb as the spasms engorge her womb,
  contracting
  her uterus, sending waves of complete pleasure flowing throughout her entire
  body and
  mind. Relentlessly the tongues lap...lap...lap...lap her shuddering cunt as
  she once again
  strains against her chains, this time in abandoned ecstasy. All of this I'm
  watching on my
  monitors, listening for that inevitable moan. I did not have to wait long
  for my sweet, too
  vocal slave.
&quot;Unnnnnnnhhhh.....Ahhhhhhhh......Mmmmmmmmm!!!&quot;, she so tries to
  suppress,
  but I only smile, my cock alerting inside my pants. &quot;Poor Megan, what
  am I
  going to do
  with you&quot;, as I witness a truly wondrous display of her sexuality. Her
  entire body
  convulses, her head wavers from side to side, back and forth. Her teeth bite
  down on her
  lips, but I only raise the volume of the microphones, as I touch the
  dungeon's outer door
  so she too will know...She did it again...tsk tsk tsk.
As my feet reverberate down the stone steps, all that is heard is the
  rapidity of the
  wheel's tongues...increased even more now, slapping a wet little naughty cunt
  that is the
  bane of my poor Megan. Her eyes meet mine as I stride toward her, tears
  again so
  precious and so sweet as I flick the machine off.
Her nose running now, eyes red with free flowing tears, my pitiful
  creature's lips
  tremble as she so realizes how awful her plight continues to be. &quot;Don't
  feel
  so much
  self-pity, my sweet,&quot; as I hold a soft cloth for her to blow her red nose.
&quot;You do know
  what I know, so we won't dwell on it, okay; we shouldn't make this any worse
  than it
  already is, now do we?&quot; Her eyes...gosh they are sooo beautiful, look
  up at
  me like an
  expectant child's, so ready to hear the good news.
&quot;Well, darling girl, if I just 'let this go' for once, and...'just
  keep it between me and
  you', would that be all right?&quot; She nods so cute, making her very best
  effort to show me
  she's learned her lesson. I gently stroke her tear-stained cheeks and lean
  down kissing her
  soft hair, inhaling her feminine essence.
&quot;But, but...you know pretty Megan...if I did that...you may lose
  respect for me,
  thinking your sweetness could just manipulate me some other time.
  Then...where would
  I be, baby?...Just a mockery of my former self, who I am?&quot; That look of
  impending
  despair sweeps over her totally, realizing I am fair, firm, sometimes even
  gentle, but
  always honorable to my own integrity.
&quot;No prettiest girl ever...I think I'm going to have to show you the
  other feature of
  this newest toy...and I was so hoping to have a good reason to do so...with
  you...tonight.
  And, with you being such a sweet, adorable little slaveslut...well, you've
  been more than
  wonderful in allowing just that!! Aren't you proud of yourself, now?&quot; That
  gorgeous
  little bottom lip...immediately pokes out as the first tears drop by.
&quot;Now, now, now...behave for me, my pet. I really did mean for you to
  moan you
  know. Here, let me just show you what my machine can do besides lapping your
  little
  pussy into a frenzy. If I reverse the wheel, it will come over in a downward
  motion...AND...the other sides of the leather straps have the grain
  going...hmmm, shall
  we say...against you, not with you, if you catch my drift. So where the one
  motion was
  like a delicious tongue, this time when I pump more air into the leather,
  your soppy, wet,
  nasty, crusty cunt is going to be whipped incessantly till there's no more
  of
  anything left -
  and it won't stop, you know, until I make it!!&quot;
As I start the medieval torture device, I bend down to whisper, &quot;Now
  precious, I'll
  be good and won't make it hurt...too fast...too soon. I have to go back
  upstairs and leave
  you once again, because I have to meet a very special visitor.
  Hmmm...someone you
  know, in fact!! Your younger sister has been exchanging e-mails with me the
  last few
  months, and she really thinks this idea of being a slave is just what she
  wants too. I
  invited her here to the sanctuary where I do intend to &quot;give her&quot; everything
  her young
  heart desires. Bye for now, prettiness. You know I'm as close as the
  nearest monitor.&quot; Tears/Panic/Hyperventilation...just when she thought
  she
  may, at some time, be nearing the end of my pervisity. Her
  sister...mmmm...much more than I expected for one so young...but, do wait for
  that story in the near future...
***Later, some hours pass...that same night...when Megan's strength is
  totally spent...the devious invention set to perform varying regularities of
  speed and intensity...never allowing her to know when, how much, for how
  long...totally and desparately alone...to be a victim of some lifeless
  contraption...used...only for my desire...even if I'm not there to witness
  her depravity...her body finally and hopelessly droops as much as this
  tautness allows...
Absorbing this erotic scene in my heart, I silently creep back down the
  dungeon steps...Carefully assuring myself of her safety, it's only then I
  slowly allow my darling girl's limp body to seep to the comfort of the soft
  furs I have arranged below her...In her sleep, she is so incredibly delicious
  still to me...as she always is, truthfully...even as the imp she loves to
  be...
I cradle her in my arms, as my precious little girl...with the mixtures of
  master/lover/mentor/father all playing upon my heart...stroking her softness,
  her curled hair...now that she's had such a moment of exertion...and whisper
  into her ear...&quot;Megan, Megan...I love you darling girl...I love you so
  very,
  very much...as you have captured my heart like no other...and have found your
  place within my soul...where you are always needed...always
  wanted...always...loved.&quot; And with the last words breathed into her...those
  gorgeous eyes, that make my entire being rejoice, open up and I fall so
  deeply into them, into her...as she reaches for me to hold us together in a
  kiss...that lasts from the time I scoop her up into my arms, until I gently
  lay her down once more...in my bed...where she will be cherished and
  adored...for the balance of this night...and even longer into the following
  day...***

copyright '99
  Wolfendom
http://hometown.aol.com/asinecure/Page1.html

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WolfenDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





