BDSM Library - The Sanctuary




The Sanctuary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: a young girl discovers her desires to become a sexslave fulfilled as she learns about her own needs and the ways of a submissive The Sanctuary part one
 Far removed from the normal hustle and bustle of the modern world, 
  this place is established unto itself for my purposes of bringing 
  young women to mentor concerning the sensual pleasures of Domination 
  and submissiveness.&nbsp;Carefully selecting these environs gives me 
  total privacy and anonymity from the burdensome, prying eyes of the 
  hypocritical morality of "good people", my place among these towering 
  mountains lends itself to the adventures and challenges of 
  life-changing experiences. It's just that which is enjoyed daily as 
  my work...training submissive women in the lifestyle-art of erotic 
  and sensual bondage, discipline, sadism, and masochism.&nbsp;Primarily, 
  the purpose is to allow them to be the woman they yearn to become, 
  unfettered by the yokes of societal norm...to dream of arousing 
  permanently the eroticism that's lain dormant in their souls while 
  they've literally been enslaved to accept the stupidity of stifled 
  'sameness' that erodes the marrow of what life is all 
  about...self-actualization.&nbsp;Evident daily, in my personal awareness 
  of the modern women, are those magnificent few who relish the role of 
  being a willing slave to a dominant master who is responsible for and 
  controls every aspect of their existence.&nbsp;Once selected for my 
  comprehensive program, it's my role to remove the scales from their 
  eyes and hearts and spirits, to make known that truest of all 
  creatures to be desired, the submissive woman.&nbsp;And, my work is done 
  very well, with an insatiable appetite to "create something out of 
  nothing"...the motto of this haven which really impresses others when 
  written and read in Greek. 

Having established the credibility of this opportunity within the 
world's community, for those desiring a lifestyle of Domination and 
submission, I continue to refine the process to accomodate the needs 
for individuals...my paramount interest.&nbsp;Seeing no purpose in 
producing a reasonable facsimile of a submissive woman, I rather, 
take the woman's given interests, needs, skills, awareness, and 
knowledge and compliment that with my own intuitive expertise, 
wisdom, and insight that fuses both her desires and fantasies into 
reality. Many of these girls come from some relationship already in 
place...and, as a sort of finishing school, their time here lasts for 
three weeks.&nbsp;Some come without any foundation, relying only on their 
own desires to become all that they are...and this may last for a 
period of 3 months.&nbsp;My purpose is a self- progressive immersion into 
this seemingly strange world of eroticism.&nbsp;By providing the women 
direction and focus, with expectations and delineated marks of 
progression, I have weeded out the ones who were here strictly for 
someone else, and instead, been able to infuse into those genuinely 
willing, the experiential knowledge which is best served by utilizing 
all the senses in this course of instruction.&nbsp;In short...my girls 
learn to become because all along, "they are". 

Depending on the progress each makes, and the desired goals agreed 
upon from the beginning, the cost of the program is not unlike some 
private university...seemingly expensive at first, but well worth 
every penny and then some for what it allows for many years to come. 
And as this benefit is shared...so now that I'm writing this, I 
should really rethink of increasing my tuition to reflect just the 
enormity of the impact of a few weeks enjoyed at the sanctuary.&nbsp;Each 
participant is a faithful girl to me upon leaving here, not that she 
is in any way committed to me.&nbsp;The gratitude for what she's learned 
and become because of the experiences she's had, and continues to 
enjoy as her life is full of peace, joy, pleasure and certainty of 
who she is and what she desires in a very fulfilling life, does 
return to me in the attentions they send from all corners of the 
world.&nbsp;Letters, pictures, reunions, etc. keep me in touch with each 
one...and I jealously guard over&nbsp;my girls and their welfare...a 
benefit of our alumni which is rarely needed but sometimes invoked. 
Enough of the philosophy and the intrigue which baits you enticingly 
to learn more.&nbsp;If you're serious, and I am certainly very serious 
about what I have to offer in this regard, contact me via the e-mail 
at my address of WolfenDom@nightmail.com, and find out more about 
what is available now in my selection process cycle.&nbsp;Let me relate 
to you how I&nbsp;chose my own personal slavegirl from this wealth of 
wondrous beauty and charm. 

A year ago, this past November, the leaves were about ready to fall 
to the earth for their only dance in this world, when Michelle 
arrived along with one other.&nbsp;She was from a family that, like so 
many others, is dysfunctional, being the illegitimate daughter of a 
preacher's errant child who defied all moral codes of her day and 
found someone who'd gladly help her get pregnant. Michelle was young 
when she came to me, only nineteen years of age, and now was 
alone...referred to me by an alumnus who knew she'd be perfect for 
finding her true place here.&nbsp;My first impression of her was that she 
hid from others, keeping walls up to protect herself, a sure sign of 
severe rejection indicating abuse.&nbsp;As I reached to welcome her, with 
hand extended...she forced herself to look up at me, only 
briefly...and gave me the awareness even further when she timidly 
held a cold, soft hand toward me to kiss...as is my customary 
greeting for new novitiates.&nbsp;What she didn't realize, that once she 
made eye contact with me...she was mine, to be as I chose...and her 
dark brown eyes, framed with brunette tresses just as dark also 
enlivened in me an urging not like so many others failed to 
accomplish.&nbsp;Michelle stirred my soul.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Administratively processed by suitable alumni who found secretarial 
work to meet their needs for service, Michelle was interviewed and 
processed by me, personally...something she didn't realize was more 
rare than an eclipse of the sun.&nbsp;I enjoyed her discomfort 
thoroughly, as she entered my office, situated above the rest of the 
center, where I could look out and see not only what was going on 
inside the building, but outside in the compound as well, with 
magnificent apertures to allow the beauty of nature to permeate all 
that was about this place.&nbsp;Forcing her to again and again make 
direct eye contact with me as she felt the energy being transferred 
from me to her, knowing that I saw the arousal of her nipples through 
the sheer top, and trying to cover herself was completely futile as I 
instructed her that obeying me was paramount here...all responded to 
me and my wishes...and I wished for her to look up at me...lower her 
arms to the chair and place her feet flat on the floor.&nbsp;

The forms would be the usual sort anyone would fill out for a 
hospital stay or any extended period of time even as a college 
semester, but they also asked personal questions while compiling 
input into personality traits, moods, attitudes and types...a very 
thorough psychological profile which would give me extraordinary 
awareness of their interests, fantasies, desires...and past history 
of sexual experiences.&nbsp;To confirm this, I had the usual questions 
which verified validity, but I also did so much more in this phase of 
orientation.&nbsp;Polygraph tests had been forfeited from being reliable 
in courts of law...they weren't here.&nbsp;My staff was trained to give 
polygraph examinations to all novitiates to determine further what 
aroused them, and many times, what wasn't offered freely in the usual 
filling out of forms was uncovered when graphic photos, sounds, video 
and simple questions were posed to a girl who was wired to catch her 
emotional responses to such stimuli. Thoroughness is a hallmark of my 
service. 

Michelle blushed deeply, discounting the need at times for a 
polygraph's wire to tell me what she was attracted to...even moreso 
when I told her of further tests that would register the blood flow 
to her vaginal lips, measuring the intensity of the pulse as well as 
the engorgement of those lips and the subsequent moistening of her 
vagina in her physical reaction for preparation for sexual contact. 
I was quite clinical up until this moment, when I told her to take 
her panties off, stand and come towards me... 

She had that look of a terrified deer in her eyes, her pupils were so 
wide it made her dark brown eyes almost black.&nbsp;Her nipples betrayed 
all sense of shame as she stood while her firm, 34-C, young breasts 
expressed their need for attention, and her short faltering step or 
two towards me at my desk, told me of her shock at being so known, 
while also being so controlled immediately. With her wet panties in 
hand, I told her I wanted to know if she was aroused, to let me know 
for sure that her pussy had reacted to me, naturally asking for more 
than just a casual, passing moment of pleasure.&nbsp;Michelle couldn't 
answer, so I extended my hand, palms up, and told her to raise her 
skirt, spread her legs and move her clit on my fingers till she came. 

I still remember that wonderful young girl shuddering from 
excitement, fear, and the pleasures of her clit exploding in such 
waves of sensual delights as she moaned while shaking so, hands 
cupping her own breasts to pleasure her taut nipples.&nbsp;When the 
ecstacy subsided, I slipped my fingers in further, curled them 
upwards, and told her to look at me once again.&nbsp;Her eyes were pools 
of intoxicating warmth, drawing me into her soul further, and I said, 
"You are to be trained for me". 

&nbsp;&nbsp;...copywright '99 
...&nbsp;WolfenDom@nightmail.com
The Sanctuary Part 2
The next days of Michelle's teachings evolved quickly into what her own
  circumstances and desires indicated. She was given polysomniogram treatments
  with sensors attached to her head and body whereby her mind was flooded with
  the indications of her deepest fantasies and darkest desires which were
  revealed during her initial days here at the sanctuary. Her bodily responses
  were simultaneously measured to include pulse rate, variations of breathing,
  dilation of the pupils, moistening of the vagina, and hardening of the
  nipples. Giving further validation as to what her real needs were sexually
  as
  a woman, as well as how they could be incorporated in her servitude as an
  enticing slave, an exclusive regimen was formulated where she could feast on
  what she herself most enjoyed. For the entire time she slept, she was allowed
  to not only view such scenes of erotic passion and sexual expression, but by
  the advanced work done with virtual reality, she actually experienced the
  sensations firsthand in what I simply refer to as &quot;Feelies&quot;, as opposed
  to
  what most people only know as Movies.
For the reader's pleasure, I am including exerpts from Michelle's personal
  journal. Required of each novitiate during the entire experience of the
  sanctuary, a glimpse inside revealed...&quot;Waking up after a number of sexuality
  tests my Master had provided for me, I knew I had experienced something
  unlike anything before. the sanctuary had become an evolutionary place of
  surprises and amazement. In the beginning my soul fought against allowing
  something that I had been taught my whole life as wrong, not appropriate for
&quot;good girls&quot; to even imagine. Always though, an invisible urging, something
I
  can't place my finger on, called to me of it.&quot; 
 &quot;I did not remember what my body or mind had secretly revealed and told
  them while I slept, and now inside my personal and private world of secrets
  my heart shook with fear at what my master might now know about me. Even when
  I am influenced and manipulated to share all the hidden moments of my life,
  there are still deep within some things I care to withhold even though I may
  not realize still I am able to do it. There are some things that have always
  aroused me privately, yet I have always been too afraid to experience them.
  Today I fear I have disclosed some of those secrets.&quot; 
A woman is God's most delicious creation for Man. She is blessed with degrees
  of subtleties in her personality and spirit and variations of expressing
  herself in so many ways that a man can never understand or really appreciate
  who that person is that he may have known for the greater portion of his life.
  The sadness for this society is the abuse of women, as young girls, when 25%
  are molested sexually, thus imprinting in their lives forever a distorted
  perception of what is proper and improper with their own sexuality. I,
  WolfenDom, have seen the misery firsthand, of many whom know what is &quot;decent,
  acceptable, and proper&quot;, yet their moment of awareness was anything but
  that.
  Thus, they are forever marooned between appearing as the aforementioned traits
  of propriety, and knowing deep within there lies a hunger that was cultivated
  as it was, that no one can find out, or else she will be considered less than
  or leprous, and destined to aloneness for the rest of her life. Many of the
  girls who come to the sanctuary are searching in an attempt to reconcile the
  darkness with the light. Each is to find her soul's way of fulfillment in a
  place where she is unconditionally accepted, given the emotional support, and
  the feeling of purpose and self-esteem that she can not find elsewhere. We
  all are, as we are...and being who we are...is more than fine...for how we
  express ourselves is a way of being that makes us complete, in all the seasons
  of our lives. Michelle was about to understand her own, as she had never
  known, or frankly, imagined.
Awakened in the middle of the night, soft hands of my personal assistants
  mask
  her surprise with hushed tones and shadowy silhouettes. She is led to an even
  darker chamber than her own cell, and stripped of her novitiate uniform, a
  flimsy material of cotton, revealing all of her...firm breasts, always
  hardened nipples, smooth stomach, waxed pussy, and tight ass astride well-
  proportioned legs firm from daily exercise. Her well-toned body attested to
  the healthiness demanded of these girls, and Michelle was more than an
  excellent specimen, in so many ways. Since her arrival, she had thrived on
  my
  environment of healthy living, abundant exercise, and sensual explorations.
  Her body was totally exquisite; firm breasts, toned muscles, that line of
  definition down her stomach, taut calf muscles, and thighs, and the cutest
  tight ass I had pleasured myself with in a very long time. She was indeed a
  gorgeous young slave, whose only pleasure became increasingly to please me,
  her Master.
...another entry of her's read...&quot;Instinctively frightened, not realizing
  what
  is going on, I am afraid, yet also I know where I am I will not be hurt.
  Sometimes I still get a urge to cover my body up especially after being
  abruptly awakened and sent to a strange place in the middle of the night. The
  whole time my mind screams out to know what is going on. Inside my body
  prepares itself. Knowing always that Master is behind this, my body opens to
  him and I am unconsciously wet.&quot;
&quot;Left here, I waited, but no one came. The walls made me shiver. So hard,
  so
  cold, so wet, and so dark. Why am I in this place? Did my mind and
  body says this is what I wanted. What will he do to me? No one comes
  and I want to cry out, but my mouth is gagged. After what seems like
  hours, tears of self-pity flow down my cheeks. Have I done something wrong
  that I must be put through this? Why does no one come? I want to scream
  'Master!...I cannot handle this', but I do...and I will.&quot;
Shackled to the musty, dungeon walls, mouth full of a ball gag, legs wide
  apart...the hours passed with only the thoughts going through her mind as to
  what may be her requirements to come. As morning approached, I entered the
  hallway leading to her dungeon room. The sound of my boots on the cold, stone
  floor reverberated against the walls, announcing my arrival. The door swung
  open, and as she recognized me framing the entire doorway with my size and
  strength, immediately she drops her head in awareness of her master's
  presence. 
Her heart quickens...&quot;Master!!!...It is my master! I quickly drink in
  his
  looks and then drop my head. I wish I could hold myself in a better
  position,but sheer emotional and physical exhaustion overcomes me. My whole
  body is electrically charged with his being. After being left alone this whole
  night my deprivation has only added to my enjoyment of being in his presence.&quot;
With only the intensity of my eyes piercing her sweet innocence, I near her
  and for minutes...fifteen in all...I kiss her face, neck, and lips...with only
  my mouth and gentlest of fingers stroking her warm, soft flesh, all above her
  collar bones. Taking her ball gag out, I have no words spoken between us,
  just the feeling where she hovers with my lips, tongue, teeth and fingertips
  arousing her tight, irresistibly sexy body. Moans begin to rise from within
  her, as she so deliciously moves in a dance of pleasure to have her hardened
  nipples to brush against me, her wet pussy to touch my crotch to verify my
  own
  arousal, and hopeful allow her a release of passion against this chambered
  wall. I give none of that...just the incessant kissing, softly...now more
  profound and demanding...now barely a touch of my skin against her's. She is
  my instrument of pleasure, and I gain much pleasure from her orgasmic nature,
  already having achieved over a dozen orgasms during one half-hour period of
  my
  tongue devouring her clit. Now, I know she needs more, and is willing to
  demonstrate that need, however I choose.
As she evolves into a personal desire for me alone, she continues...&quot;Master
  comes toward me and my body comes alive. Then the sweetest caresses and
  kisses! Oh, how my body responds with quickened pulses and shameless wetness.
  To feel his touch...so tender and arousing. His mouth covers mine and and my
  body arches towards him, begging. My soul cries out for more. I want to him
  to
  take me as his sexslave, willing to do whatever he desires with me. I need
  him
  to fill me. My body cries, 'Please master!!', but he simply continues his
  teases, bringing me more and more to a feverish pitch of beastial pleasure.
  The most innocent of his kisses makes the lovejuices run from my body,
  embarrassingly to me a few weeks ago, but now, I need him, want him, will do
  anything for my Master.&quot;
&quot;My precious sexslave...you want me, don't you?....Speak&quot;. &quot;Yes
  Master, my
  body aches for your permission of release!!&quot; &quot;I have something planned
  for
  you that you aren't aware of, something you told me in your sleeping sessions.
  You will know more as this day unfolds.&quot;
Attaching her collar to that long, smooth neck, so proud and strong, I lead
  her out of the dungeon by a leash attached to my belt. Head bowed, arms below
  her waist, she follows as she's become accustomed to anytime I have her so.
  Down the halls, past others here, I take her to the outside courtyard, where
  her earlier public display of submission is still fresh on her mind. 
&quot;Today, my sweet slavevixen, you are to please me again with your willingness
  to serve. In the center of the courtyard is a metal cage, allowing you to
  crawl inside and comfort your knees with sufficient padding. My guards will
  take you, in that cage, into a town nearby where I have used the townspeople
  before to assist me in the training of a slave. Your interests have indicated
  a strong willingness for public display, humiliation, and degradation...and
  today you will have your fill of such.&quot; Immediately Michelle's eyes sprang
  open wide and she violated her training with a quick look into my eyes with
  a
  plea for mercy. Just as quick my flogger snapped around her hips, snatching
  a
  quick and painful nip of her ass, as she froze in fear, yet ducked her head
  as
  she knew she must to avoid further lashes.
Deliciously mine now, she ventures towards her demands...&quot;I see the cage.
  I
  hear his words. My body tenses up and I look for some mercy...only to get a
  punishment for violation of the rules. Is this what I really have told him
  yesterday in my sleep? God, I have no choice!!&quot;
&quot;Not only will you experience what I have said, but the people there
  are
  briefed beforehand as to what they may enjoy with your presence. You will
  soon find out that your cage is not inanimate in such a way that it will not
  respond to your movements. If your ass does not touch the back of the cage;
  your shoulders and hands along the sides and bottom, and your mouth does not
  encapsulate the cockgag, you will feel an increasing amount of electrical
  energy that will surge throughout your body, until you again comply with the
  grounding of that energy. It is your choice as to how much you suffer. Pull
  away from any of the walls of the cage, or the cockgag, and you will know
  immediately your error. Regain that position on your hands and knees and the
  surge decreases instantly.&quot;
Michelle approaches and admits to her self-actualization in this moment by
  saying...&quot;This is what I was to do. This is what my body wants to experience.
  Deep down I knew it. I didn't want to admit it, but I felt that sick, dark
  stirring within the inner recesses of my body. As I wanted to cry out
  for mercy from my Master...my body cried out even more for wanting this. I
  trembled with fear and moaned with passion, privately luxuriating in knowing
  a
  darkest fantasy of mine would soon be real, and as graphically as I had
  perfectly dreamed it. A public display of pure carnality
  is what I would be, and I wanted this with ever breath of my being.&quot;

Wide-mouthed horror engulfed Michelle's face, nevertheless, as she was brought
  to the open marketplace, and there was a sinister, single, tiny cage... almost
  too small for a girl of her size to fit into. But, as I had told her of the
  needs for closeness, to avoid setting off the electrical stimulation, she
  needed to occupy as much of the interior of the cage as possible. Her hands
  were clasped behind her, a cape of red was blowing in the afternoon sun,
  allowing her body to be viewed by all that looked her way. Michelle was
  easily gaining a very appreciative audience, and as my hooded attendants led
  her up the few steps where the cage rested on a table, on a stage a few feet
  above the throngs of spectators, she would indeed provide a most pleasurable
  viewing of her immaculate body, willingly offered for anyone to view...and
  use. 
Removing the cape, her only covering now is the wrist and ankle straps to
  accompany her collar...all leather, and all clearly showing her status as my
  personal sexslave. Bending over, she crawls into the cage, whereupon it is
  locked soundly behind her tight, muscular, rounded ass. She finds her mouth
  to comfortably open onto the cockgag, while her flesh is pressed lightly from
  the enclosure of the door, behind her. Knees padded, one of the attendants
  steps to the power generator and throws the switch which immediately bites
  into Michelle. Not realizing that all four walls around her have to be
  touched simultaneously, she is maddened with the harshness of the electricity
  shattering her composure, until she pushes inadvertently against the right
  wall. Realizing her mistake, she is flushed, hyperventilating, and thoroughly
  frustrated from the immediacy of the corrective action, mercilessly triggered
  with the electrical current. Her momentary comfort of realizing that a
  fantasy is about to be granted is vaporized when she realizes the purpose of
  her posture, the cage, and why I want her to remain so still.
The other hooded attendant, a strong, virile black man resonates with his
  booming voice...&quot;Hear ye, Hear ye...until this hourglass runs through,
  this
  slave is to be used for whatever the townspeople choose...male or female, man
  or beast. There are no limits, except that she is not to suffer any further
  punishment, other than what is already in place. You are invited to
  experience this rare treasure as a gesture of benevolence from your Lord, and
  Master, WolfenDom...as his gift to you for your wanton desires. Do not fear
  the electrical shock being passed on to you, as the inside of the cage is only
  bare to the electrodes, and she can not break contact without only herself
  feeling the immediate reprisal of its bite.&quot;
A roar of mob lust threw up from the dirty and bedraggled townspeople...as
  men
  fought and pushed to be the first to use my slave for their sexual needs and
  delights. Quickly the cockgag was filled with an enormously thick and long
  cock, more than anything Michelle had ever known before. Despite her training
  and awareness to accommodate such a massive cock, her current distractions
  and
  shock of what was to be her fate, caused her to again find the merciless
  current as her only reminder for straying from my exacting standards. As she
  fought a reflex to gag, she pulled off of the cockgag, and screamed, sending
  an intensifying jolt throughout her magnificent body...reeling her into utter
  panic and assaults upon her mind as well, as she brutally forced herself back
  onto the cockgag with its enormous load of cock still waiting to abuse the
  gorgeous face, mouth and throat of my personal slave. With abandon to her
  role as a vessel for male pleasure, a receptacle of cum, she relinquished her
  decorum as a creature of utter beauty, and accepted her role as a cumslut. 
-Sweet Lord how can he do this to me? How can my body still respond to
  the humiliation I am going through? Ah, but it is so easy to imagine
  myself serving him as those other slaves do. My mind does his bidding
  and places me at his feet instead of in this cage surrounded by
  strangers. The cocks I am forced to take drift all into one and that
  is his. The cum that runs down my throat and into my body becomes his
  sweet saltiness. I am surrounded by a dozen men that all become my
  master. What I do is done for his honor and that honor is my life now.
More and more men, lining up by the dozen, anxiously awaited their turn to
  use
  the gorgeous slave as the expedient to their need to fuck. Older and younger
  men, soon began to join in the group of those who spewed sperm into and onto
  my willing Michelle...now totally steeled to remain still, and actually
  encouraging the cum to fill her mouth quicker with her tongue, and throat
  acting in unison to provoke the orgasms sooner. She began to accept, then
  actually relish this harsh situation that I had chosen for her, and with a
  glance over to me, between cocks being stuffed in her beautiful mouth, she
  saw
  me looking on approvingly. Now I was ready to find out more of what was in
  her soul.
Motioning for my personal assistants, former graduates of the sanctuary, who
  preferred to stay and serve in whatever role I deemed necessary for them, I
  placed two absolutely delicious girls kneeling at my feet, one...an awesome
  blonde, with sparkling eyes of pleasing innocence, barely twenty in age, and
  another...a redhead who was so incredibly gorgeous that I had only allowed
  her
  in public on two other occasions, for fear her provocative sexuality would
  be
  too much for her to encompass when men knew her to be one of my slaves, and
  demanded that she serve them as Michelle was doing at this very moment.
  Totally nude except for their slave accouterments, I told them to begin
  kissing my boots, licking my legs, and eventually, when I told them too,
  likewise swallow my cock and balls in their eager mouths so Michelle could
  see
  my own pleasure being derived from other slaves, while she was resigned to
  sucking any cock that was forced through the cockgag into her open portal.
Without awareness of my sadistic plan, Michelle was becoming covered in creamy
  cum from more than two dozen erupting cocks; her mouth sore, and muscles
  aching from the position of her servitude and the need to coax cum from so
  many men. As the appointed hour was nearing eclipse, I commanded the men,
  still waiting with erections so prominently displayed, to move aside and let
  Michelle see how her Master preferred his own pleasure from her moment of
  exposure. Horrified, Michelle watched as the blonde slave, smiled at her with
  her wonderfully sensuous mouth and enclosed her full lips over the head of
  my
  cock, immediately pushing herself down my thick shaft until her nose pressed
  firmly into my abdomen. I particularly enjoyed how she would stay there,
  without a breath, until I tapped on her head to begin pistoning her head down
  on my cock, as the suck/fuck machine she loved becoming for me. The redhead
  had likewise swallowed and was obviously licking and sucking on my balls, from
  the way her sunken mouth was swirling her talented tongue around them, one
  after the other. So all Michelle could see at times was this erotic sight of
  these two slaves serving me, with my hands directing two delightful heads of
  hair so perfectly matched to firm, toned naked bodies available for all to
  see. I orchestrated my two sexslaves to enjoy the pleasures of their master's
  spunk, and enjoying the public exhibitionism, which both delighted in, while
  conjuring my balls to spew their load.
-A thousand tiny thoughts run through my head. The first was of that
  damn bitch smiling at me, but then I put myself in her place and know
  I would do the same. This is my hardest area to control. This jealousy
  is something that I know stems from somewhere in my past. So I control
  it for my master. I connect myself with the two women who he honors
  with his pleasure. I become the two lovers.
As the proposed hour drew to a close, Michelle was hungrily sucking and deep
throating all the men who stood outside her tiny cage, fulfilling one of her
deepest and most personal desires, and that was to be a slut, used in public,
with no choice but to please any man with her enticingly feminine resources.
The sand wasted, and the two large guards of mine ushered any men left who
wanted seconds and thirds with my gorgeous slave...the electrical current was
disengaged on the cage, and she was told to remove her mouth from the cockgag,
and prepare to exit this tightest of enclosed arenas, where so many strangers
had participated and looked on as she enjoyed dozens of male orgasms erupting
on and in her gorgeous body. Michelle was totally spent of any energy and
subsequently her modesty at being the focus of a public display of humiliation
and sexual slavery, was also drained into nothingness.
-I know the hour has to be going by. I can feel my body wanting to rest. At
  the edge of my thoughts I think that I, a slave, have made many many men
  cum over and over. I am being freed of my cage and I walk not proudly,
  but with the supreme knowledge that I was given that power by my
  master. My body aches, but it hums with a pure sensuality that I have
  never held within my grasps. I admit to myself that it is something I
  have always dreamed of doing. I realize that beyond my aches and pains
  I enjoyed serving many for one. 

Standing up again, for the first time in that seemingly endless hour, she
  immediately came to me, knelt before me, and as I ushered my two attendants
  back to their position behind me, I asked my sexiest of prot&eacute;g&eacute;es...&quot;Michelle,
  now that you have ventured beyond the sanctity of the lover's den,
  disregarding all pretense of shame, and modesty, I want to enable you to
  attend with me and find erotic pleasures you will enjoy at a privately affair
  I've been invited to this evening. For now, we are to return to the
  sanctuary, and have you clean up, rest, and be ready at dusk to further your
  spiral into the particular depravities you need for your own personal
  pilgrimage into passion.&quot; 
-My heart swells as I kneel before him. He has given me a desire that
  I was not aware of. Can you understand what that feels like? To be so
  sexually and emotionally awakened that when you are away from the
  person responsible for this for the shortest amount of time your body,
  mind, and soul ache. I do know this feeling. The man's feet I kneel
  before is my saviour and to him I would give all. I listen to his
  smooth deep voice tell me of what is to come and I float inside my
  tired body. 
Without any hesitation, my two bodyguards covered her gorgeously toned
  shoulders with the cape, making sure her body was as revealed now, after its
  public service, as it was only a single hour before. In her eyes, Michelle
  had deepened her awareness and confession of who she was, and now with head
  erect, nipples hard and projecting the pride she felt as my own slave, she
  walked even more seductively off of her stage as the wanton whore that she
  was, rather than the timid novitiate that first ascended. Only the briefest
  of sideways glances in my direction revealed my pleasure of her performance
  to
  her, and with only a hint of a smile, this proud slave assumed her life as
  my
  own vessel of inordinate ecstasy.
-My master is proud I think silently
&quot;You will come to me tonight in the Great Hall, my slave...for now that
  you
  have found such pleasure in public usage, you will now know what it is to be
  of profit to me.&quot;
................
Relishing the cleansing of so much male attention from her body, Michelle
  luxuriated in a special bath I had ordered prepared for her. The herbs and
  medicinally pure extracts that swirled around and inside her, as she immersed
  her well-proportioned body under the warm bath rejuvenated her skin and
  cleansed all manner of concern for her health and well-being from being a
  consideration as to her future welfare. My two attendants bathed her tired
  muscles, massaging the stress from her limbs, and generally primping her for
  the next session that I planned for her to enjoy this same day...well into
  the
  night and next morning. To see all three of these women in such a relaxing
  manner would make any man wish for just once in his life, to be graced with
  such beauty and expect sensuality. Fortunately for me, my choosing of this
  work had more benefits than any other profession I could imagine myself.
-&quot;I am encompassed in the strangest feelings. The women I was so loathe
  to
  look at earlier with my master are now the ones that I give my body over to
  for care. They are gentle and slowly bring my limp form back
  to life with their minimal caresses of relaxation. My mind and body are
  quietly at one.&quot;
After a quiet meal of salads, teas, and a bit of cheese and bread, Michelle
  was escorted by both of my gorgeous attendants once more into my presence.
  Sitting before a roaring fire, comfortable in my overstuffed chair, I turned
  to see what again took my very breath away as I gazed upon this work of art
  in
  the making. Michelle's eyes were appropriately downcast nevertheless an
  assuredness of purpose in her stance as I saw her relishing her role to serve
  me. Her hands were so delicate and sure while her arms almost vibrated with
  vitality and muscles well-toned from her stay...her legs so strong, with calf
  and thigh muscles apparently firm withholding strength by choice that were
  not
  visible just a few months prior. Beneath her pussy lips that triangle of
  light which indicated just how firm her legs were, as I enjoyed seeing when
  she stood, knees together. Her stomach showing that line of muscle just
  beneath the surface, vertically from her breasts to her navel. I was
  validated with just the sight of her, in my choosing intuitively this rare
  animal of passion as my personal choice, and she did more to kindle my passion
  than any novitiate or continued member of my select assemblage of girls.
-&quot;I am brought before my beloved master and I am filled with a golden
  excitement. I have come to find that I am more owned by this man then I myself
  have ever been owned by myself. My focus now is upon nothing else, but this
  rare specimen of masculinity. His eyes graze my body and I feel their heat.
  My
  body responds and changes to the sexuality that he breathes upon me. He is
  life to me and I love him completely.&quot;
&quot;My dear you have done well to enjoy this day, and those prurient interests
  which only you and I had known, prior to your demonstration today. Now, I
  have assembled another group of men...and in utilizing the same desires you
  have of serving multiple partners, I will auction you off to the highest
  bidder as my bodyguards will be performing any act of sexual decadence with
  you as their object of desire. My well-endowed bodyguards will be the &quot;tools&quot;
  for these men, as you are viewed and enjoyed in any and every imaginable way
  for sexual pleasures. You must be aware though, that this group of men
  consist of those whom I have known in the past as the present owners of my
  graduates, and they are indeed aware of the degree of sophistication and
  learning which my girls are able to immediately provide upon completion of
  their stay with me. Should any of these men care enough to purchase you
  tonight, then I will allow your service and devotion to me to end, and I will
  find another novitiate to supply my needs.&quot;

-&quot;A slap in the face!!! That is what would have been better. He makes
  me love
  him then would sell me to some unknown who could never take his place! My
  heart falters&hellip;and my breathing catches. Tears form beneath my eyelids
  as I
  struggle to keep them back. I will not let him see my broken heart. My respect
  for what he has given me already holds me back, but I would scream if I could.
  Never have I felt such defeat!
  Never have I felt so unwanted and uncared for! It would be better to be owned
  by someone else than by someone who could care less, as he, my Master, must
  truly feel for me now.&quot;

Michelle jerked convulsively, just as she did earlier when she saw the two
  attendants relishing me with their own charms of pleasure. The hurt and shock
  in her eyes told me once more, that in the satiation of her degradation and
  public humiliation, she loved me like she had not known before in her entire
  life. It was this love and devotion that I demanded now, as she performed for
  my group of select friends, as tonight's entertainment. I knew her deep
  craving for me personally...many of the other girls had similar feelings when
  they became aware, comfortable, and secure with me and of my unveiling of
  their sensuality, and my intentions for them to realize the actuality of their
  hearts. For most I would defer and explain it as a schoolgirl crush,
  infatuation...thus denying them any encouragement to continue their abject
  devotion to me. Michelle though...I intensely wanted as my own, for she was
  so rare in all the things I most desired in any woman...and she indeed loved
  me with all her soul. It was my choice to display her tonight...not for
  vanity...but for precedence as the choicest of the current novitiates during
  this annual reunion of my Masters Society.
- &quot;Let this then be the last honor I bestow upon him who has given me
  so
  much. Let my heart not falter, and let my stride be strong. With this
  shock still I know my love for this man. I would make him happy. This he
  asks and with a sad heart I will comply.&quot;
Continuing with me along the sconced corridors of my stone halls, my small
  group rounded a corner into the banquet hall of the sanctuary. Resplendent
    in
  holiday mirth and splendor, the thirty-six men that I allowed to be involved
  as the recipients of my precise work, had already enjoyed the male camaraderie
  of a fine meal and entertainment provided by the other novitiates as maids,
  and my attendants as hostesses. The lights dimmed, as dessert was brought
  out, cigars lit, and coffee served.
- &quot;So many men. Too many to count, as I glance over them, searching the
  crowd
  maybe to see the one who would be my new master. My eyes fall back to Him and
  I drop my head.&quot;
In the middle of the massive room, an intense light beamed directly down upon
  a platformed bed illuminating just the stage, leaving the rest of the room
    in
  shrouded blackness. To complete the area for my guests' tastes were all
  manner of instruments of pleasure, domination, and discipline. My two
  bodyguards, such magnificent specimens in their own right of how finely tuned
  the male body can be, were again hooded with black masks covering their faces
  with only eyes, nose, and mouths visible. The resonant sounds of kettledrums
  reverberated among the vastness of the room, as a lone light immediately
  caught my slave, Michelle, being hoisted above the crowd on arms of four other
  bodyguards. With one hand on each extremity of Michelle, and the other either
  supporting her tight ass or back, these huge men took her spread-eagled to
  the
  brilliantly lit platform, and laid on her back upon the bedded frame.
- &quot;A lone light in a dark filled room captures my dread. My time has
  come.
  Oh but to say goodbye to my master, but I am swept quickly up into the arms
  of
  four men. Possibly better this way for I may have
  burst into tears or shamed my master and myself by trying to run. Never have
  I been so afraid. Carried into the middle of this large group of dominant
  men&hellip;one of which would eventually claim me.&quot;
&quot;Gentleman, colleagues, and friends...I have an especially good night
  of
  devious fun planned for you tonight, as I offer you this most delicious of
  all
  creatures, Michelle. You know of her in the complete biography which you've
  been provided with at your tables, and you can read of course, not only her
  background as most know it, but also the depths of her depravity that have
  been discovered through our thoroughness of indoctrination here at the
  sanctuary. Tonight, I want to entice the bidding of our game of
  pleasure...Slave Roulette...by allowing Michelle to be purchased from me, as
  I
  have personally selected her to be my very own slave, and trained her in such
  a way that she is the epitome of my work here. The highest bidder will have
  her as his own, and I will defer to our mutual honor and friendship from our
  association in the Masters Society, and find another to replace her for me.&quot;
- &quot;God&hellip;Please just let me just disappear.&quot;
&quot;While my beautiful attendants will spin the Wheel of Decadence, we will
  start
  the bidding of each performance from Michelle and these six bodyguards, when
  the perversion of choice is indicated. The one bidder who tops all others
  will be rewarded with his gracious generosity by having Michelle owned by him,
  and as she's stated in her application to me, she is willing to be a slave
  for
  her entire life to her Master. Let's begin and enjoy the evening, shall we?&quot;
- &quot;That master was supposed to be you!!!&hellip; I want to scream. I
  just lie back
  and do what I must. Maybe I will get a really good master. Oh, master if you
  would just see that my heart is filled with you. How will I be able to serve
  another master when you will always be my Master? I know how...I will do it
  so that I will not fail you. Though each day may make my heart ache, I know
  I
  will be doing what you have wished upon me. I was never guaranteed that you
  will keep me. Only that I would serve you so I must.&quot;

The brilliance of the lights shining down upon her revealed her lungs filling
  with air, expelling each with a shudder as her nipples were so hard and
  tight...her body tensed as to what will be her fate...and the clicking of the
  Wheel as my gorgeous attendants smiled with their own pleasure to witness this
  night. The Wheel stopped at The Wooden Pony...
- &quot;My fate is sealed.&quot;
Michelle began an evening when all of her education, personality and talents
  were presented in a sexual fantasia of pleasure for the members of my Masters
  Society. The actual sexual positions and partners began with the Wooden Pony,
  when she was practically impaled&hellip;placed across a metal pole with only
  her
  shaven mound of pussy allowing her to keep her balance. I sadistically had
  a
  vibrator attached to penetrate her pussy, while a butt plug was inserted in
  her tight ass to even more pronounce this violation of her dignity before all
  these people. While her nipples were stretched from her body with clamps, her
  mouth was ball-gagged so as not to allow her the simple utterance of her acute
  pain. Video cameras recorded her demonstration, while sensors attached to her
  body registered in colored spectrums the degree of pain, as well as the
  arousal of Michelle.
Before the night was through, she had accomplished what few women ever have
  the opportunity to enjoy&hellip;having six men cum within a minute of one another,
  using the same woman as the reason for their pleasure. She did this
  remarkable feat by positioning herself face down on a &quot;fuck bench&quot;,
  with her
  arms supported on a padded incline, and another bench was horizontal to the
  floor, running between her spread, wearying legs. With her mouth, cunt, and
  ass engaged with three of the men, one well-endowed servant straddled the
  bench from an angle, and placed his enormous cock between her firm tits, while
  two more allowed her reach to manage their cock in each hand. Her entire body
  occupied, Michelle fucked, sucked, jerked, and massaged each man's turgid
  member until the improbable occurred with sperm spewing all over, in, and
  around my gorgeous slavegirl.
Entirely spent&hellip;Michelle was left alone&hellip;kneeling with head bowed,
  and body
  wearied, while the money was tabulated for who now had the ownership of her
  exquisite rights. The beam of light glistened off of her sweat and cum
  streaked body. Her breathing heaved her magnificent breasts up and down&hellip;alone
  more potent of a temptation that most women can forcefully achieve with all
  their charms at their best provocativity. I stepped upon that stage, and
  reaching for her hair, I pulled her to her feet, and attached the chains
  personally, so that her wrists and ankles were suitably bound to accompany
  her
  new master to his chosen place of introduction. With the deepest of exchanges
  between her eyes and mine, a lifetime of love and despair wrenched my very
  soul into a scorched burn forever searing my memory. She loved me with all
  her heart, and without any other way or time to tell me&hellip;she was telling
  me
  now, as only she could&hellip;with her eyes. In all my years as a Master, I
  had to
  turn away.
The female slave attendants came forward immediately, when I glanced their
  way, and brought the perfunctory envelope, containing that one name of
  Michelle's destiny. Stepping behind her, I sliced the paper with my dagger,
  and held it aloft to read that one name. 
&quot;Erasmus&hellip;you, my friend of all ages, have chosen to generously
  allow this
  woman to be your personal slave for as long as you choose. Her life is yours
  now, to do with what you will.&quot;
&gt;From far back in the smoke-laden room, as the lights were slowly turned
  up&hellip;a
  withered old man reached for support and brought his hideous countenance into
  the viewing of my former slave, for the first time in her life. Michelle,
  turned to stone&hellip;as her eyes dropped a steady stream of tears, and with
  almost
  no presentation of her body's response, I saw her trembling to fight the
  explosion of her heart, knowing she was lost to this one forevermore.
Saying nothing&hellip;a gnarled, crooked hand with fingers so misshapen, reached
  and
  took the leash that was now attached to her collar. Shuffling his weathered
  feet along the stone floor, Erasmus led this gorgeous creature from a room,
  now hushed with only this spectacle of slavery so real for each in his own
  way
  to appreciate.
Outside the Great Hall, he placed a leather hood over her beautiful head;
  her
  hair still resiliently shining despite her day's torments and trials. Without
  a sense of where she was, he led her through countless corridors and up
  stairwells she never knew existed, until he paused finally, before a massive
  door. Swinging it wide open, he pulled her to the bed, slapping her young ass
  with one measures *pop* to signal her to climb up onto the satin sheets. 
Masking her living death, Michelle shuddered within her disciplined mind and
  body to contain her utter and desperate feelings of anxiety and panic. In
  only a short time&hellip;or was it hours and she had not known if she slept
  or not&hellip;a
  hand was placed on her stomach. Lurching convulsively, she as quickly,
  quieted and returned to her ever-vigilant mindset of a slave's duty to
  anticipate and serve as desired. As weight pressed upon the bed linens beside
  her, the hood was slowly lifted. Eyes still closed, and realizing that the
  morning's light now permeated the room around her, she squinted tightly until
  she dared open one just slightly to witness her new life.
Smiling down upon my newly-owned slave, with my old friend and mentor,
  Erasmus, just having left his vigil for the night, I kissed Michelle's eyes
  awake, and for the first time that she ever heard the words, I whispered in
  her ears&hellip;&quot;I love you.&quot;
 copywright '99 WolfenDom 
 wolfendom@yahoo.com 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WolfenDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





