BDSM Library - Freaky Honeymoon - A Reprise




Freaky Honeymoon - A Reprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Landers are reunited with their now successful proteges, who proceed to assist them in regaining their lost libido and physical attractiveness by means that are definitely on the kinky side.
			Freaky Honeymoon - A Reprise


			                  Chapter 1


	More than three years had passed since Andrew and Marsha Tuffer had the
good fortune to meet Emily and Charles who had turned their mundane existence
into a life of thrill rides. The young couple's business ventures, all focused
on providing the type of sexual entertainment secretly desired by a great number
of ordinary citizens, had thrived to the point that the couple had become
independently wealthy. The money they had derived from their businesses had
grown spectacularly thanks to some extremely shrewd investments in stocks and
property. This amazing success was due mostly from the tips and inside
information their delighted clients had provided.

	The young couple had kept in touch with their sexual mentors over the
years, but something always seemed to get in the way of a reunion. They were
determined that nothing would interfere this time as the two of them had cleared
their calendars and rented a flat close to a number of their business
establishments. They were bound and determined to show Emily and Charles the
time of their lives even if it brought them to near death from exhaustion. To
seal the deal they sent the couple round trip, first class tickets along with
some rather interesting photographs of some of their star attractions as well as
nude pictures of the happy couple copulating and enjoying some of the edgier
aspects of their married life.

	The photos they received in return indicated that Emily and Charles were
still going strong despite the fact that she had gained some weight and he had
managed to get even thinner. The short letter accepting their kind offer
bemoaned the fact that Emily was carrying around some unwanted poundage that she
couldn't seem to shed, while Charles was having a wee bit of difficulty meeting
the exacting bedroom standards set for him by his wife and the younger mistress
he had recently taken with her blessing. Unbeknownst to them, Marsha and Andrew
decided to utilize their own organization to perhaps not only entertain their
old friends, but also solve the minor problems they had alluded to in their
missive.

	Their sexual mentors, the Landers, arrived and were soon ensconced in
the well appointed flat their youthful proteges had prepared for their arrival.
They all finally met downstairs at the bar and after a few drinks and a fairly
decent meal, adjourned to the flat for a getting-to-know you again rendezvous
complete with vibrators, dildos, restraints, exotic lotions and creams, poppers,
which were once more very in as sex stimulants, and the promise of even more
surprises once they ran through this group of toys and sex enhancers.

	The older couple were quite complimentary about the enhanced breasts
that Marsha proudly displayed and Emily was eager to sample the large cock
dangling from Andrew's crotch. However the sight of Emily and Charles in the
flesh was a bit disconcerting, especially as far as Emily was concerned. The
picture she had sent was almost an optical illusion, for once the poor dear
disrobed, she revealed a body that was at least thirty pounds heavier than when
they had first encountered the couple on their honeymoon.

	In the case of Charles, he could only be described as cadaverous, with
his ribs almost poking though the papery skin covering them, and much of the
rest of his pasty skin seeming to be hanging from the rest of his skeleton-like
body. Worse still, in his case, twenty minutes of very intense fellatio from
Marsha failed to produce an erection, a most shocking situation. Charles became
quite agitated over his lack of response, but their hosts dismissed it as merely
the result of a long trip, suggesting that  perhaps Andrew and Emily would pair
off for the evening and enjoy each other's bodies while Marsha was available for
any kinky endeavor that Charles might wish her to perform.

	So while Andrew reintroduced Emily to his hard length of gristle,
skewering her forcefully in a manner that she hadn't experienced in many long
months from anyone, Marsha shamelessly masturbated and talked dirty to Charles
in an effort to arouse him. It was not a lost effort for her as she did have a
number of delicious spendings and later on she crawled into bed with Emily and
ate her out until the pudgy woman went off like a rocket and then fell fast
asleep.  Finally to the surprise of Marsha, and the outright amazement of
Charles, he managed to get an erection which he had Marsha suck and manipulate
until he spurted a weak, watery offering and fell sound asleep minutes later.

	The next morning Andrew gave Emily another solid shagging and was
rewarded with a healthy spending that soaked the sheets. Emily was in a greedy
mood and so she immediately began suctioning the still hard tool that had done
such an excellent job of stirring up her juices. On the other bed Marsha was
trying to wake up the sleeping cock of Charles who lay there staring at the
ceiling as she licked, kissed and sucked his limp length of meat. By the time
Emily was feeding all nine inches of Andrew into her dripping maw, Marsha had
decided that something new was in order for Charles. She made him place his legs
up and then back allowing her access to his anus. She locked her mouth to his
anal passage and began giving him tongue and then sucking that made him feel as
if his prostate was being vacuumed out through his anus.

	Charles soon grew tired and had to bring his legs down. Marsha made him
get on his belly and then she went to work on his bum with a vengeance,
spreading his nearly flat bottom with her hands and going to town on his winking
brown eye with renewed energy and enthusiasm. In the background she could hear
the creaking of the other bed and the chanting of "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me"
coming from Emily as Andrew pummeled her juicy cunt, slapping against her
bloated belly with each stroke he gave her.

	This drove Marsha into a frenzy and she began talking dirty to Charles,
telling him she could hardly wait for him to begin buggering her tight bum, and
begging him to make her his cock slave forever. She promised her ass and cunt
not only for him, but any of his friends and even suggested that she deserved a
sound thrashing with the cane on a regular basis for being such a greedy, needy
slut-pig. He moaned and turned over so she could suck his hard cock and swallow
another watery offering. At about the time she was gulping down his diluted
seed, Emily was groaning and shuddering through not one but two large, lengthy,
and very noisy, back-to-back orgasms.

	The two couples took turns sharing a shower which resulted in Marsha
doing more than soaping her husband's genitals, despite him already having
emptied his balls twice since awakening. Emily and Charles exchanged some rather
ardent kisses and mutually fondled  each other's private parts before stepping
from the shower refreshed and eager to see what their hosts had planned for the
day. Emily demolished a huge breakfast featuring kippers, eggs, a rasher of
bacon and a variety of other foods that she seemed to inhale. Charles on the
other hand ate sparingly, toying with most of his food as his wife devoured
everything placed before her. This was not lost on their hosts who exchanged
glances of understanding at the table behavior of the older couple.




				Chapter 2



	First they visited a private dungeon that was part of the young couple's
sex empire. Even at this relatively early hour there were a number of customers
busily being attended to by the staff of dominants and dominatrices. By means of
a standard peep hole located within each cell-like structure as well as the main
torture chamber, they were able to observe a man and his wife, both submissives,
being put through their paces by a master and mistress. They looked in on the
woman, reserving her husband for later in their tour. The thin, blonde who
looked to be in her early 30s was stark naked except for a wide leather belt
that appeared to be squeezing the breath from her as it sank into her stomach.

	She was stretched out upon a rough wooden table tilted at an angle, legs
spread wide and securely bound to rings by strands of scratchy rope. Her wrists
were also roped tightly and anchored to a ring in the table located above her
head. A hooded, heavy set man, wearing only a leather pouch that contained his
genitals, was using a studded strap to whip her pussy. With each blow that
slammed into that angry gash between her spread thighs he cursed her for being a
worthless slut unable to adequately satisfy any man worth his salt. She in turn
was screaming for mercy between deep wracking sobs that shook her thin form.

	Although she had breasts that could best be described as shaped like
crepes, their nipples had been pierced and large steel rings embedded in them.
Her clitoris had also been pierced so that a thick steel bar could be installed
in it. Almost every stroke of the strap found that fleshy nubbin before dragging
down through her surprisingly wet trench, creating a shower of droplets from
that ooze leaking steadily from her cunt. Andrew looked over to his guests and
smiled at the way they were reacting to this rather violent tableau.

	"How long will she be whipped?" Emily asked.

	Marsha smiled and replied, "Until she either uses her safe word or his
arm is too tired to continue beating her. I should mention that we hire our
dominants for their strength and stamina. As far as I know, there hasn't been a
case where the customer didn't crack first, no matter how long it took to bring
them to that point. You'd be amazed at how these bags of skin and bones can take
this type of punishment. I think they put themselves into some kind of trance so
they really can't feel the pain they're experiencing, or else they're full blown
masochists here for a good time, and we aim to please no matter how long it
takes , just as long as they can pay the fees we charge for this service."

	"When the customer uses her safe word, is that the end of the session?"
Emily asked this time.

	"It depends on what the customer originally asked for. I think this one
get's a five minute rest and then the dominant begins to use the strap on her
tits until she cracks again. That's when this part of the session will be over."
Marsha's reply did not completely satisfy Emily, but she decided to wait for a
more appropriate time to continue this very interesting discussion.

	The quartet walked down a corridor and peeked in on a scene taking place
in one of the other cells. The customer in this case was the blonde's husband,
and he was being attended by two leather clad women, one quite a bit younger
than the other. He was rail thin like his wife and was cuffed to a rectangular
wooden frame in a spread eagle configuration. Both dominatrices were naked from
the waist up, their full breasts seeming to ignore the pull of gravity. They
wore leather panties and high heeled boots that reached to their upper thighs.
The older member of the team had golden nipple rings while her younger assistant
wore metal spiders biting her stiff nipples.

	The man sported an erection that was astounding. His rigid member jutted
from his groin like a flagpole and it twitched every time the older woman laid a
cut of her whip across his back. The younger one was seated comfortably in front
of him, licking his swollen scrotum and raking his erect cock with her long
finger nails as he was whipped.

	"What an erection, I would give plenty to have that kind of stiffness
just once a month!" The comment from Charles brought knowing smiles from the
Tuffers. It was Andrew who responded, holding out some hope that indeed there
was a chance that Charles could duplicate this state with his own sex organ.

	"He's been dosed with an underground drug not for public consumption due
to some nasty side effects that occur in one man out of five who uses it. He has
given us a signed statement authorizing us to utilize it as part of our service
to him. His penis will remain in that state of erectness for at least four
hours, no matter how many times he is forced to ejaculate. The best we've seen
to date was from a youth of sixteen brought here by his parents  to celebrate
his birthday. He was brought to nine complete ejaculations and a number of what
we call dry holes in the four hour period they worked on him. What made it even
more amazing was when they had us give him another dose just before they left so
he would be able to satisfy a rather large number of his parents' friends who
were attending a party in his honor. We never saw them again and I've always
wondered how he fared that evening."

	The Landers were transfixed by the brutal activity being played out
before them. The one whipping him decided that he wasn't reacting as she wished.
She substituted a short, leather sheathed club perhaps a foot and a half in
length and came around to his front side. The younger one moved her stool and
positioned herself in front of his bruised buttocks. She carefully spread his
flat cheeks apart and began worming her tongue into his anal passageway, causing
his super stiff penis to twitch and jump.

	Then the other one slammed the club into his hard cock, just below the
throbbing head. His naked body shook with pain as his sex organ absorbed the
full impact of the terrible blow. His face turned gray as the full effect of the
pain took its toll on his body. She landed a second brutal blow somewhat lower
and he vomited, most of it running down his heaving chest to form a puddle on
the floor below his spread thighs. The final blow exploded against his testicles
and he gave this weird half shout, half scream and vomited once more, this time
only bringing up some bile and drool. The dominatrix moved toward him shifting
her grip on the club and jammed it into the pit of his stomach forcing more bile
from him and making his face turn a ghostly white as he fought to gain some air
and failed.

	"Now that I've got this pig's attention, you come round again and I want
to see him just on the verge of losing his load. Then little Nora here is going
to give him another treat that he'll long remember." As she spoke the woman
shook the club into the man's face. He was too busy trying to get some air into
his lungs to pay much attention to her remarks. He would soon regret his loss of
attention.

	Emily had been gasping and muttering to herself during this cruel
exchange. Charles on the other hand was staring fixedly at the man's rock-hard
cock and licking his lips. Marsha was frowning at the seeming loss of control by
the dominatrix, but Andrew was taking the entire matter calmly, arguing that the
man knew his safe word and evidently chose not to use it. One could also make
the counter argument that trying to breathe took precedence over trying to utter
a safe word to an outraged dominatrix.

	The younger one resumed her position in front, now diligently suctioning
the head of his throbbing penis as her companion watched, tapping the club
against the palm of her hand. He let out a yelp when her tongue began lapping
his swollen scrotum and then he screamed as she got one of his aching testicles
in her mouth and bathed it with saliva. Now she began licking up and down his
twitching shaft, pausing at the head to swirl her tongue around to scoop up the
precum that was dribbling from the tip. The other tapped her shoulder and she
got her head out of the way and grinned evilly as the club came down on the top
of his cock, driving the shaft back into his groin for a brief second. He
bellowed in agony and thrashed helplessly against the bonds holding him to the
frame. Little Nora came down a second time and he vomited as his body went into
something resembling a convulsion. The dominatrix spit in his face and told him
he was getting the cane next for his misbehaving. At this point Andrew tried to
get the group moving to the next session, but they were rooted in place and
would not leave.

	The one went back to work on his sore stiff penis, performing fellatio
with practiced skill and making sure that he didn't get too excited. She
accomplished this little feat by keeping a grip on his swollen nut sack and
squeezing whenever he gave signs of coming close to ejaculating. The other took
up a length of bamboo and swished it through the air to let her victim know that
he'd be going to a new place in hell very shortly. Once she began tapping the
tip of the cane against his ass cheeks the other one captured over half his
throbbing meat stick in her mouth and locked her lips around it.

	Then there was a whoosh and a crack as the cane bit into his ass cheeks,
splitting them in two. The other one bit down hard on his imprisoned penis and
it jerked and twitched but he was unable to spurt because of the pain she was
causing. There was another whoosh and another crack, this time lower on his
buttocks, where the thighs and bottom were joined. He arched his naked body in
agony and the other one just sat back and carefully watched his stiff cock for
any signs of an impending ejaculation. Just to be sure she reached up and put
his swollen scrotum between her hands and squeezed until his eyes threatened to
pop from his head.

	The one caning him lost no time in delivering a dozen cruel strokes that
left deep weals from his shoulder blades down to the backs of his thighs. Then
on the thirteenth stroke, the one sucking allowed him to at last ejaculate and
she watched with satisfaction as a stream of boiling cum arced from his
quivering penis and splashed onto the floor. Later on he would be made to lick
it and his vomit from the floor before being allowed to go to the next session
where he and his wife would be tortured and humiliated further. At this point
everyone watching this little show took a deep breath and sort of shook
themselves from the activity that had just been played out in the little torture
cell. Marsha summed things up rather neatly with the observation that these two
were big time pain freaks and when it came to taking punishment they were in a
special class.




				Chapter 3

	
	
	The little tour that the Landers were getting had been carefully
choreographed by Andrew and Marsha. What was to complete it would certainly have
meaning for Emily and her weight problem. They were heading for the "sty" as it
was called by the folks who supported this area. It was open to overweight,
actually obese, women and men alike. Despite having added thirty pounds in the
past three years to her already plump body, Emily would have been considered a
borderline candidate for this group..

	Emily let out a gasp of recognition as soon as she got a look at the
people in this large chamber. Currently it was occupied by five very fat women
and one horribly overweight man. Marsha explained that the man was married to
one of the other women in this session. "This bunch of pigs is literally eating
themselves to death.They have just begun a session that will keep them busy for
the next two weeks. The man hasn't been able to sustain an erection for nearly
two years and nothing we've done to date had changed that. None of the women
have had sex with men, some for as long as ten years; one is approaching her
first anniversary without any cock except the artificial type such as vibrators
and dildos. One of these five, who shall remain nameless, has been having sex
with a large dog for the past two years but even that is not satisfactory as she
continues to grow larger. Most of these people sign up for sessions that may
last from one week to three months."

	"Each of these behemoths has lost on average five pounds per week while
here, thanks to our unique approach which features the ingestion of vast
quantities of urine coupled with consuming only food that has already been eaten
and regurgitated by our staff members. All regurgitated food has been previously
aged at least eight hours in its host's stomach, reducing its caloric value
substantially and giving it an acid bite that makes significant consumption
almost impossible, especially when all the liquid intake has an extremely high
acid content as well."

	"While away from the facility the clients must adhere to a rigorous
schedule of exercise combined with an approved diet that is prepackaged and
delivered to their homes once a week. Failure to meet the goals of the program
calls for severe punishments. This morning each of the failed members of the
group, all six of them, will be punished for not meeting their goals." As she
spoke a number of slim but fit men and women dressed in rubber and leather
entered the chamber and began separating the clients from each other.

	Two of the women were tied down to low benches, their thick legs parted
and pulled beneath the support. Funnels were jammed down their throats and the
contents of a large plastic bucket was poured into them. The two fat women had
no way to stop the pressure that began to grow as their flabby bellies began to
grow even larger. Another of the obese females was hung from her wrists and a
dominatrix stepped off the distance between herself and her target, preparing to
use a bullwhip on her swollen body. Another was placed in a sweat box turned up
to maximum temperature, and as she stewed, a hose was forced down her gullet and
connected to a pumping station that would remove all traces of food within her
belly and then be used to backfill her gut with double distilled urine, so
acidic that it could produce stomach ulcers if it remained in her insides for
more than a day.

	The last woman was strapped down on a table having her stomach pumped as
she also received a huge enema. Meanwhile a line of staff members, mostly men,
were beginning to give the two taking the forced urine ingestion some serious
fisting. Finally the grossly overweight man was taking a machine controlled
enema in conjunction with having his stomach pumped out at some very high speed
to add to his discomfort. All the while another female sttaff member was
squeezing his testicles as hard as she could as his eyes bulged from the
terrible pressure she was applying  to his family jewels. Marsha smirked and
announced that these fat slobs were going to pay dearly for breaking the rules.
She had planned a little surprise for the sextet that involved some large
animals ranging from dogs to horses, as well as a bout with the electric chair
which had just been set up for their exclusive use. Andrew and Charles could not
help observing Emily's reaction to what was transpiring in this large cell. She
was breathing hard, very hard, and it was obvious from the way she clenched her
hands into fists as she watched the one having the skin whipped off her ass beg
for mercy, that she was empathizing with these people, who nearly resembled
herself.

	Later, over a lunch which Emily barely touched, Andrew made the couple
an offer that was very difficult for them to turn down. To Charles he promised
to restore his flagging libido through the use of special procedures that his
company had developed to treat such problems. Naturally he guaranteed to turn
Emily into a firmer, rounded version of her former self, once more a well
padded, shapely, sexy middle-aged woman that any man would be happy to bed. He
promised them more details as well as a schedule once they agreed to enter the
special program that would be supervised directly by them. Charles and Emily
looked at each other and shrugged, before nodding their heads in agreement with
Andrew's plan.

		
				( To be continued)




				Freaky Honeymoon


				     Chapter 4


	That afternoon the Tuffers brought their visitors over to one of their
sporting houses and gave them the run of the place. The Landers had brightened
up considerably now that they had taken the opportunity presented by Andrew.
Emily was somewhat relieved to know that she would not become a member of the
sty, rather she would receive her treatments at another house owned and operated
by their hosts. It was more like a hospital than anything else. However this
hospital also had the kind of facilities that could and often were used to
deliver massive amounts of pain and humiliation to those undergoing various
therapies and treatments. Emily would have the status of an outpatient although
many times she would remain in the house while recovering from surgeries and the
like.

	Charles was looking forward to his first dose of Super Blue, which was
the name Andrew used to describe the miracle cure for certain types of male
sexual dysfunction. When he learned that the thin man had been dosed with Super
Blue just before the beginning of that brutal session, his confidence in the
drug had increased tremendously. It now made sense that he could remain so erect
despite being brutally beaten while at the same time his genitals were tormented
and stimulated almost continuously. Charles wondered just how long the man was
able to take the brutal beating that the woman was dishing out to his naked
body.

	Emily made an absolute pig of herself while at the sporting house. That
afternoon she set a record of sorts, managing to have sex with more than half
the male staff of the brothel as well as two of the more attractive young ladies
that were also made available to her. It began in the parlor, where the female
clients waited for their sex partners to make an appearance. There were two well
dressed women sitting quietly, one smoking, the other staring at the picture on
the wall opposite her. Both  were in their late thirties and obviously well
fixed. Neither could be described as beautiful or very well built, nor for that
matter would they stand out in any crowd. Average was perhaps the best
description one could provide of them. They glanced quickly at Emily and her
escorts and then dismissed them from their consciousness.

	Andrew explained that he had arranged for Emily to be turned over to the
tender mercies of the Dee men, except to her it sounded like demon, an
altogether different type of boudoir companion. You can imagine her temporary
relief when in walked, or was it pranced, three well built young men in their
late teens or early twenties. They  were wearing nothing but smiles and tight
fitting, bulging jockstraps that promised the  kind of male equipment that made
spinsters, widows and even happily married women get wet at the thought of what
type of pleasure would be forthcoming from those wonderful appendages. All
Emily, who hadn't had any decent sex in nearly six months, could do was struggle
to avoid swooning or ripping off her clothing and letting them have their way
with her.

	Demon took on a new meaning when the trio was introduced as Daryl,
Donald and Derick. Emily knew that she was no prize, but the "boys" did a good
job of disguising their disappointment. She believed it was Donald who smiled
and asked politely, "Pleased to meet you mum. What can we do for you this lovely
afternoon?" Her face wrinkled at the use of the word "mum", and Donald heard
about it .

	"I'm no one's mum, make a note of that fact. I'm here to get fucked
royally by what is purported to be the best cocksmen in the city. Now enough
talk, let's get down to it. Where will you be taking me? It better be close by
since I'm postively dripping already." Her reply brought huge smiles from the
three of them and this time Derick set down the ground rules for their little
tryst.

	"For the cheeky types like yourself we start right here. After you've
disrobed and allowed us to put you in cuffs so there's no doubt who is in
charge, you'll be marched straight away to the exhibition gallery so all the
clients can see what we'll be doing to you for the rest of the afternoon while
they are resting up from their labors, or preparing to engage their partner in
another skirmish. In a word you will sing for your supper by becoming the
entertainment for all those now residing within these walls. I trust you are
ready and willing to subject yourself to us and our rather gargantuan needs."

	Emily answered his query by swiftly removing her clothing until she was
stark naked, then after having her wrists cuffed behind her back she was poked
and prodded from the parlor and down a long corridor that led to the exhibition
gallery where she would spend the next seven hours oscillating between heaven
and hell as her flabby body was skewered fore and aft by what seemed like armies
of sex crazed men and even a woman or two for contrast. The two clients just sat
there in the parlor with their mouths wide and their breathing ragged from what
they had just witnessed. Both would have soaked knickers by the time they
finally were with their "dates".

	Had Emily heard the instructions the trio had received from Marsha, she
might have suffered some anxiety as she approached the place where she would
finally receive sexual relief and even catharsis of a sort. Even while she was
escorted down the long hallway, her companions made disparaging remarks about
her sagging breasts, flabby thighs, cellulite riddled buttocks and of course,
her pot belly that hung out over her shaved pudenda, with the thick lipped,
wrinkled flaps of flesh that guarded her dry,dusty, unused cunt. All this was
about to change and Emily could barely restrain herself from racing towards the
door so that they could begin fucking her to a frazzle.

	She was a little taken aback by the size and decor of the room. It was a
large room painted completely in flat bone white. The overhead lighting was
harsh and unforgiving, especially for a badly overweight woman rapidly
approaching fifty. There were four television monitors mounted in the corners of
the room,  and even as she looked at them they all started to swivel into new
positions, almost as if welcoming Emily and her escorts. In the center of the
room was a mat that took up nearly half the total floor area. Surrounding it was
a collection of pillows of various sizes, all of them either black or red. Then
she picked up what looked very much like the table in her gynecologist's
examination room. She correctly surmised that sooner or later she'd be strapped
down on it, thighs spread and pelvic area available for anything that her
inventive cohorts could come up with to do to her. She found it difficult to
ignore the red rubber enema bag that hung from a stand beside the table, but she
did her best to put it out of her mind.

	Emily shuddered when she became aware of the toilet located on the wall
opposite the examination table. It stood there like a sentinel, a starkly simple
piece of porcelain that had but one function. She also noticed the floor drain
located only a foot or so from the base of the fixture, and wondered why such a
feature had been placed in close proximity to the toilet. The more she thought
about it, the more apprehensive she became. There was nothing good about this
arrangement. Finally she beheld the display of sex toys that were mounted along
one portion of a wall. There were at least a dozen different dildos ranging in
length and girth from normal to unbelievable. She was positive that some were
replicas of the sex organs of animals, which ones,  she could not even begin to
guess. There was a selection of shining vibrators in various sizes and
configurations. Emily was sure that she would become familiar with many of these
toys before she was allowed to leave this room.

	Her three companions now took center stage, making exaggerated bows in
the direction of the cameras, and announcing their names and what was on the
agenda for today. It was Daryl who made the introduction of their guest of
honor. "In this corner, wearing the silver handcuffs and weighing in at ten
stone plus who knows what else, is our worthy opponent, the amazing Emily. This
ton of fun comes from merry old England and has seen many a summer and winter as
she grew and prospered  in our benign climate. Today we and some of our mates
are going to attempt to whittle a bit of flab from this one's beefy body in a no
limit fuck fest that we hope will provide both entertainment and some knowledge
of just how the various sex organs of humans operate. I have been told that our
worthy adversary is a three holer and we will do our best to keep all of them
plugged and filled with as much sperm as we can manufacture. Now let's hear it
for the amazing Emily."

	He took another deep bow and then he and his companions removed their
jockstraps to reveal three lengths of semi-hard flesh that promised to become
massive once filled with blood. The trio each produced, almost out of thin air,
a small blue tablet that must be the super sex pill that Andrew spoke of. In one
smooth, synchronized movement they consumed the tablets and stepped back with
broad smiles on their faces to allow Emily the opportunity to witness the effect
it had on their cocks. She could only gawk in wonder and amazement as the blood
flow to their organs became a raging torrent, causing them to grow both in
length as well as girth. Soon she was confronted by a collective penis that was
at least a yard in length and easily two plus inches across. Emily wasn't quite
sure how to react to this manifestation of her wildest dreams. She did however
sincerely wish that she was two stone lighter so she could truly enjoy the
stretching she was about to receive.

	For openers just to get everyone's juices flowing a bit, she was placed
on her knees and introduced to the prongs that would be skewering her flabby
body for the next few hours. Emily did her best, but she was unable to ingest
more than a few inches of each massive hunk of cock that was force fed into her
mouth. She gagged and choked, generating plenty of drool that coated perhaps the
top half of each spike that would soon be stretching either her cunt or asshole
to its very limits. Her prominent gut proved to be a severe obstacle to any
plans for double penetrating her, although the trio tried various configurtions
but were always thwarted by that bulging midsection that only allowed perhaps an
inch or two to be inserted into one hole while the other was filled to capacity.
This proved most frustrating to the Deemen, and Emily suffered greatly as a
result.

	Soon they settled into a pattern that kept her mouth completely full at
all times while another of the trio rammed and slammed one other hole until it
felt as if it had been turned into pulp. Despite the discomfort, the disparaging
remarks and the realization that any number of people were witnessing her
humiliation, Emily began to squeeze off one orgasm after another as they
tirelessly stretched her right up to the elastic limit. They moved quickly from
one position to another; doggy morphed into reverse cowgirl then she was placed
on her flank to be taken side-saddle, either hole now easily available for
whoever was doing the honors. Through all the changes, the only constant was the
relentless assault on her mouth and throat, as one after another each meat
monster struggled to gain a little better foothold within her sore, stretched
throat. For days afterward, Emily would not be able to speak above a whisper.

	At long last each of her sex partners finally unloaded massive deposits
of cum in either her cunt or asshole. Thanks to the stimulants they had taken,
their erections showed no signs of diminishing despite the fact that they had
each ejaculated. Once more Emily was on her knees surrounded by a forest of
thick cocks, all demanding her attention at the same time. What was an
overweight lady approaching fifty years of age to do? Yes,that's exactly what
she did, taking a deep breath and moving from one to the next, her tongue
flickering like a snake and her cheeks hollowing as she sucked as much of these
mighty guided muscles as she could hold within her mouth. Once again a round
robin ensued and she was opened even more this go round; now they were going in
deeper with much less effort required as her holes competely gave up the
struggle against the relentless pounding she was taking.

	After about an hour of steady prodding and another round of ejaculations
she found herself being strapped down onto the gyno table, her legs spread and
held apart by the stirrups that came out like wings from the platform. All three
proved to be quite acrobatic as they took turns clambering up onto the table so
they could resume choking her with those everhard tools while another stood
between her flabby thighs and pounded her poor cunt or winking asshole for all
he was worth.

	By now Emily was becoming quite sore, so sore in fact that it was
beginning to interfere with her enjoyment of the attention she was receiving
from her three paramours. She made this fact known between mouthfuls of hard
cock, and so they packed both holes with a lubricant that not only soothed her
irritated membranes and overly stretched muscles, it also acted to desensitize
her somewhat. Emily could now feel pressure and movement, but the level of
discomfort was significantly reduced. Her holes now felt as if they had received
an injection of pain killer, much as the stuff her dentist gave her when he
worked on her teeth. She relaxed, closed her eyes and enjoyed the ride she was
getting.




				Chapter 5


	
	All good things must come to an end and so it was for her trio of hard
cocks. Once more they bathed her insides with a goodly amount of hot sperm and
then took their leave pleading that they had a previous engagement to attend.
However the fun was just beginning. Another threesome replaced the Deemen and
these lads were just as well hung, and even meaner than their predecessors.
Emily discovered this immediately as the table was cranked into a new
arrangement that resulted in her head lolling almost perpendicular to the floor,
while her lower torso was split as wide as possible. Then she felt this enormous
pressure as something huge was slowly forced deep into her sperm sodden slot.
Unfortunately for her she could not articulate her discomfort since a long
length of gristle was blocking her throat quite effectively.

	Emily would have been somewhat amazed and perhaps even proud at what her
gaping maw had just swallowed. Her sore, tired cunt was now stretched with a
hard rubber dildo nearly a foot long and a good eight inches around. Naturally
having her cunt stretched to this width forced a narrowing of her asshole, thus
making it most painful in spite of the numbing lubricant when it was breached by
one of these large cocks that were now pummeling her pudgy body. Her eyes bulged
as inch after inch of thick manmeat was forced into her tightened asshole. This
was not a pleasant experience, but she was too busy trying to get some air into
her burning lungs to do much complaining. It seemed like an eternity before this
monster departed, leaving her flaming asshole gaping obscenely, and oozing the
remnants of all the previous loads of cum that had been hosed into her. Those
watching on closed circuit television were given a view of Emily Landers'
asshole that was utterly amazing. Things got even more interesting and more
humiliating shortly thereafter.

	The thoroughly exhausted, fat, middle-aged woman was then given an
enema, a rather large enema that if anything increased her overstuffed girth
somewhat. As bad as that felt, things got worse when a butt plug was jammed into
her winking brown eye, blocking any opportunity for the contents, that had
recently filled the red rubber bag to the point that it bulged, escaping from
her lower intestines. She was freed from the straps holding her to the table and
forced to waddle towards the toilet located at the other end of the large room.

	As she made slow progress towards her destination, her companions took
advantage of her vulnerability, slapping her broad bottom with sharp open-handed
blows and mauling her pillowy breasts and yanking the nipples until she cried
from the pain. The session had now taken on a decidedly dark phase, which struck
a note of terror into the woman. She started to wonder what was to become of
her. Would this sex session now turn into a torture session? That made her
tremble as her mind began to produce images of her tormented body being cut,
burned, and torn by her tormentors.

	Emily found herself squatting over the toilet, her cunt feeling as if a
tree trunk were stretching it to well beyond its limit of elasticity, and that
hideous bung blocking her from ridding her intestines of the load of water that
was now roiling about, pressing uniformly on every square inch of that tough,
but weakening coil of muscle. Now the nightmare began in earnest. She suddenly
felt liquid streaming into one of her ears, and she turned to the source, which
was one of those massive cocks that was now directing a powerful stream of
yellow fluid against the side of her head. Then she felt another stream
beginning, aimed to start to fill her other ear with its disgusting waste
product. She burst into tears of frustration as the final stream of urine was
played across her eyes and then down her face in a zig-zag pattern that ended
against her lips.

	"Open your yap granny or we'll drown you in the golden stuff." She could
not believe her ears, but she was rapidly beginning to panic. There seemed to be
no escape from this terrible humiliation. Then she felt a hand grabbing one of
her breasts and twisting it cruelly until she screamed and begged for mercy.
Instead she was cuffed across the side of her head and the flow of foul smelling
liquid continued unabated. The second time she was ordered to open her "yap",
she complied and began swallowing some of that foul smelling and equally foul
tasting liquid. Then just as she was sure that they were going to strangle her
in a torrent of urine, the flows ceased striking her face and head, and now
began splashing off her breasts and that embarrassingly large pot belly that she
had developed over the last few months or was it longer? She could not think
correctly right now.

	One of her tormentors finally got around to yanking the butt plug free
and she began voiding what felt like an ocean of warm stinking fecal matter
mixed with the water from the enema she had retained for what seemed like an
hour. A hand grabbed her soaked hair and pulled her head up and back as the
voice said, "Smile for your audience granny, I'm sure your fans want to get a
good look at what they never want to be, namely a sow disguised as an old
woman." Emily became hysterical at that point and it took a number of vicious
slaps across her ashy face to calm her down.

	"Hurry up and finish your business you old sow, we've got plenty more
left to do with you before the next crew takes a turn." Emily was beyond caring
and she concentrated what little energy was left in her to the business at hand
of eliminating everything that had been stirred up in her bowels by the enema.
Then she got another unpleasant surprise that turned out to be more of a boon
than a punishment. A torrent of cold water cascaded down upon her as she hunched
her body over the toilet, still fighting the cramps that were periodically
racing through her body. Her assailants stepped back and watched impassively as
the water ran down over her body leaving pebbled flesh in its wake. By the time
the shower was completed, the flabby woman was shaking uncontrollably from the
lengthy soaking she had just been given. Now the punishment of her holes resumed
with a vengeance.

	Emily was dragged back to the table and bent over the side this time,
the straps holding her upper body flush to the padding and leaving her mouth and
both holes at a comfortable height for any activity that this trio could devise.
After a whispered discussion, they decided to use her asshole exclusively along
with her mouth. In this portion of the session two of them alternated at her
asshole, her cunt still filled with the huge dildo. One would sock it to her as
hard as they could for perhaps a few minutes and then rest while the other
continued the battering of her angry, raw, gaping hole. Meanwhile the third
member of the group was amusing himself by seeing how deep he could push his
hard cock down the exhausted woman's throat. Sometimes he would plug her so
tightly that she could barely draw any air into her lungs; then he'd keep her in
this suspended state while he watched one of his mates tear open her ravaged
anal passage as she slowly suffocated.

	After half an hour or so, one of the group switched to use her throat.
Now the dildo was removed from her cunt and the other two took turns blasting
away at this relatively fresh meat, after making sure that her partially
destroyed anal passageway was securely blocked with another monster dildo. Emily
was sure she was on the verge of dying as they continued this merciless rape of
her holes. Finally one after another they shot their last loads of boiling cum
into her asshole and mouth. The one who blew off inside her mouth roared with
laughter as his cum spewed from her nostrils and her face turned a sickly shade
of blue. The pudgy, flabby woman was finished, or so she thought. There was yet
another surprise in store for her.

	She was taken from the table and placed on the floor. Her legs were
pulled up and then folded back until she was supporting her body with only her
shoulders. Two of them carefully positioned themselves so that each could enter
one of her holes as they held her steady. The third member squatted over her
head and forced her to take his hard cock in her mouth. In her younger days she
enjoyed being taken in what was known as the pile driver position, with her
partner standing over her bent body and pounding his hard cock downwards into
either her cunt or asshole. On occasion she had also been double penetrated in
this rather precarious position.

	It had been many years since she had experienced this, and her added
weight and its location made it most difficult for her to sustain and at the
same time enjoy what was occurring. The two doing her lower holes settled into
some type of rhythm and soon she was being simultaneously skewered with plenty
of energy, while at the same time more and more of the third one's cock was
being forced down her raw, burning throat. This air tight postion was sustained
for only a few minutes, more for the challenge than any other reason, since she
was well past the point of feeling much pain from the brutal rapings she had
been getting for hours now. Finally they abruptly broke off this final
humiliation and left her on the floor, trembling and sobbing as they departed
for another assignment.

	By now Emily had almost lost contact with anything except the pain and
humiliation she was experiencing. When she felt her body being gently lifted by
soft warm hands, she made no effort to resist. Soon she was once more on the
table, only  this time there were no straps to hold her fast. She opened her
eyes to discover two smiling female faces looking down on her. Like Emily, they
were naked, but unlike the pudgy woman they were sleek with firm rounded breasts
and bottoms. She closed her eyes and relaxed as they began to stroke her flesh
and massage her raw, dripping holes that had been filled over and over with
sperm. Then she felt the cold metal intruding into her anus. It was being pushed
into her with a firm hand, but there did not appear to be any attempt to harm
her. Her gaping hole swallowed the vibrator until only the last inch of the base
protruded from the raw wound that was her anal entry. Now a second vibrator was
insinuated into her sore, stretched cunt until it too nearly disappeared.

	Emily looked up just in time to see the smooth, waxed vulva descending
toward her. It settled itself upon her face and wiggled until her mouth was
locked to its entrance. It was then moved gently back and forth over her face
and she pushed her tongue out so that it remained in contact with the smooth
skin of the woman as she used her cunt to massage Emily's face. Now the other
one had turned the vibrators on and they began to churn away inside her sore
channels. Then she felt fingers parting her wrinkled cunt lips and making
contact with the hood guarding her clitoris. It didn't take more than a few
strokes for her clit to become erect and then the fingers were replaced with a
warm, wet tongue that finished the job of bringing Emily to a shattering and
totally unexpected climax. Moments later she was roused from her near sleep by a
voice that asked, "Look what I have for you. I hope you can handle it all."

	The woman's eyes opened, and then widened in horror at what she saw once
the warm, wet cunt was lifted from her face. Standing there with a  crooked
smile on her face was the other young woman with a monstrous, black rubber dildo
jutting from her crotch. "When I'm done fucking you bloody, my friend, Alicia,
will let you have a sample of her toy, which is even longer and thicker than
mine." Emily's blood froze at the prospect of what lay ahead for her in this
chamber of horrors.


			
				( To be continued )




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jethro Jodhpur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





