BDSM Library - An Afternoon of Torment




An Afternoon of Torment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A visit to a novice dominatrix that turned into a completely unexpected and wholly unforgettable experience.AN AFTERNOON OF TORMENT. By SEAN DUNNE.
In all my years visiting professional mistresses, rather ironically, by far
  the most explosive, mind shattering episode I ever experienced and from which
  I never fully recovered, occurred during a visit to an absolute beginner and
  a complete novice at the game. 
The following account is I believe an accurate record of the session as I
  still remember most details quite vividly, but there were some occasions where
  I believe I may have had moments of blackout or was not fully compos mentis
  for short periods.
The female involved hadn't long left University after a post graduate course
  and had become vaguely aware of the S/M scene at some fetish rubber-wear parties
  she attended to model the outfits. From there she started visiting some BDSM
  functions where she became fascinated with and attracted to the Fem/Dom and
  male slave scene. Observing various mistresses in action, she figured she could
  perform as well as any she'd seen. She felt she certainly had the temperament
  and decided that operating as a professional dominatrix was likely be more
  lucrative than any job she'd sought so far. 
However, having very little capital to get started, she was obliged to rent
  a large room from the nominal 'owner' of a communal squat. 
Buying some bare essentials, she placed an advert and her picture in one of
  the few mistress contact magazines around at that period, (pre-internet era)
  sat back and waited for some clients. 
I received that particular magazine very early as I had a subscription to
  it and, taking one look at the photo, I wrote off right away. The reply came
  back remarkably quickly, considering my letter was sent to her via the magazine's
  address. I was delighted to discover this particular mistress's base of operations
  was not that far away from me on the Underground. 
And so by pure chance, it came to pass that I became her very first 'customer.'
  (Those sketchy details were gleaned from my preliminary chat with her before
  the session got under way.)
Initially I couldn't believe I had the right address. A row of large, old,
  dilapidated houses? The whole area apparently ready for demolition? When the
  door opened, I saw newspapers and dust on the floor and up the stairs. I was
  inclined to turn heel and swiftly depart, but it was the appearance of the
  dominatrix herself that changed my mind.
She led me up the stairs and along a passageway and motioned me into one of
  the rooms. It was very large, reflecting the size of the property and had obviously
  once been a bedroom and I settled myself on one of the threadbare chairs, reflecting
  that this was the most unappealing mistress's 'workplace' I'd ever visited. 
Long experience had taught me to take along some of my own equipment visiting
  a new mistress, despite having to hump along quite a weight. 
For instance, I've had some fairly useless gags shoved in my mouth at times,
  often so inadequate that I could hold a conversation while wearing them. And
  although it's quite understandable why mistresses favour thick padded leather
  cuffs and straps and similar items in a session, I find them unnatural and
  artificial. 
If a session is sometimes not going very well, I'll often request to be left
  alone in front of a mirror for a period to let my imagination run wild and
  it seems far more realistic and 'authentic' in my eyes that I'm manacled and
  chained up the old fashioned way and effectively silenced. 
Therefore I carry along a foolproof gag, wrist and leg manacles and quite
  a lot of assorted lengths of chain, with plenty of handy small padlocks and
  chain connectors.
It turned out to be an especially good idea for this particular session and
  it was lucky that I'd packed quite a lot, as she appeared to have very little
  equipment of her own.
Indeed, she seemed quite vague as how to get the session under way. When it
  became obvious she'd never even seen anything like the pair of old fashioned
  wrist and ankle manacles I produced and was uncertain even as to how to secure
  them, I really began to think the whole session was going to be one of the
  many disappointing ones I've experienced. 
Still, I felt I'd be a lot more cheerful about wasted hours in the company
  of this particular mistress than any other I'd ever been dissatisfied with.
  But I did begin to wonder how I'd use up the whole three hours I'd booked on
  the basis of her photo alone. 
At least, thank goodness, she or someone had screwed a large, very secure
  hook into the centre of the ceiling - so I hastily devised what I thought would
  be an understandable and undemanding fantasy scenario with her. 
To save time and frustration, I decided to bind myself up. I stripped off
  until I was naked, dumped my clothes on a chair and walked to the middle of
  the room, directly under the hook. 
Chapter 2: This won't hurt.
I bent down and snapped my steel leg manacles tight around my ankles. A very
  short chain connected these. Then using one of my longer lengths of chain,
  I bound the tops of my knees together very tightly using several turns and
  secured the links with a small padlock. I tightened that chain further with
  another one pulled around it between my pinioned legs, that chain also pulled
  tight and padlocked.
Next, I forced my large penis shaped rubber gag into my mouth and buckled
  the strap tightly behind my neck. Additional straps that buckled over the head
  and under the chin made this, my favourite gag, immovable and incredibly effective
  as communication was impossible and the loudest screams were barely audible. 
I had arranged with the mistress at this point to chain my elbows nearly together,
  but sufficiently far apart that I could just get my arms up over my head, which
  she did very competently. Almost too competently as she'd chained them really
  tight and the chain bit into my elbows when I raised them up. 
Finally, I had already padlocked my manacles to the ceiling hook and stretching
  up, almost up on my toes, managed to lock my wrists into them. A bit too tight
  for comfort, especially also with the chains biting now quite deep into the
  flesh of my elbows and knees, but it was obviously now too late to start all
  over again. 
At least, if nothing else much happened in this session, I was now conscious
  of the blissful and exciting sensation of being utterly helpless in that position
  and the knowledge that I couldn't possibly escape.
Even if the torture turned out to be more ticklish than severe, at least the
  thrilling awareness that I'd placed myself in a position giving her total control
  and the pain of struggling in this tight bondage must produce a reasonable
  orgasm.
The scene I'd devised with her was that I had been kidnapped while visiting
  a country run by an evil totalitarian regime and they had simply refused to
  believe my pleas that it was a case of mistaken identity and I just had no
  idea what the information was they seeking from me.
Now, at this moment, I'd just been dragged up from the cells below and fixed
  in this position to await whatever torments the evil regimes top 'extractor
  of information' was about to inflict on me to get me to talk.
This person happened to be a female so sadistic that, having had her 'pleasure'
  curtailed several times by the victims blurting out information before she
  could fully indulge herself and demonstrate the full range of her skills, she
  now had them tightly gagged to prolong their agony and not spoil her depraved
  enjoyment.
As the session got under way, I began to realize that I'd completely misread
  the character of this seeming innocent and inexperienced young miss. She may
  have been a novice mistress, but it soon became clear that she had no problem
  whatever inflicting pain on the male body. 
I now began to very much regret my somewhat light-hearted advice just before
  I gagged myself: 'Just throw all your inhibitions away and imagine how this
  terrible female would act.' 
Well, she'd certainly didn't appear to have any inhibitions at all. In fact,
  she was instantly unerringly realistic in her role and very early on in the
  session, I began to realize that this lovely creature had a cruel, sadistic
  streak in her nature and actually appeared to get a great deal of pleasure
  tormenting submissive male flesh. 
It seemed beyond belief that this previously apparently rather quiet and unassuming
  young lady could become so realistic in a role where cruelty and torture were
  the main components. 
I also began to realize with mounting alarm, that I, for the first time ever,
  having not imagined it to be especially important under the circumstances and
  not wanting to inhibit the poor girl, had not discussed exactly what I meant

  by 'torture'. I just didn't want to confuse her with a long list of all my
  likes and dislikes. 
I remember being a bit surprised that she hadn't asked, just nodding her head
  when I went through the scene I wanted - and so I was rather anticipating a
  sort of gentle, compassionate torture being practiced on me. 
And, of course, it also hadn't occurred to me to set up my usual system of
  special signals to indicate what was happening was too severe - and now it
  was too late.
I had unwisely given her absolute control and described that in her eyes,
  I was just an utterly worthless, insignificant victim of no consequence, strung
  up for her to perform on me as she imagined a sadistic and utterly heartless
  female top secret police official in a totalitarian state would. 
As I'd also ensured my total helplessness by the bondage I'd chosen and by
  gagging myself so effectively that intelligible communication impossible, quite
  quickly, the whole scene had alarmingly got out of my control. 
Chapter 3: Real torture begins
My anxiety was mounting fast as I also realized too late, that quite naturally,
  she would consider any desperate struggles and any amount of muffled screams
  as a valid, indeed necessary part of the scenario I had demanded. 
This wasn't turning out at all as I'd planned it and now, what I'd never imagined
  could possibly happen, her activities were such that I really was starting
  to sweat with nervous apprehension and experience the mounting horrified anticipation
  a really genuine victim would in the same circumstances. 
Now I normally just play around quite moderately in sessions with professional
  mistresses I'm masochistic in nature, but most certainly not into the really
  serious pain scene. Just a moderate amount mild torture early on and again
  towards the end of the session combined with a fairly realistic threat of future
  certain pain and suffering is quite sufficient for me. 
I like role playing, involving tight bondage, captivity and humiliation and
  can accept reasonably painful torture when it's appropriate for satisfying
  the fantasy 
If a mistress is proficient and realistic throughout the 'performance' and
  later on starts to seriously torture me, that's usually enough for at least
  one reasonable orgasm before I have to give the secret signal to end the session
  before it becomes too painful. 
Of course, I have many different scenarios, often depending on the appearance
  or the attitude of the dominatrix. I had used this particular fantasy before,
  but obviously, the mistress would have understood from our initial conversation
  just what my limitations were. 
This scene was also one of my favourite masturbation fantasies (usually with
  a blond SS type female) and I'd chosen it this time because it was an easily
  understandable fantasy for a mistress to perform. 
I had assumed I was about to get a sensitive, compassionate and fairly disappointing
  session. 
For the first time ever, I cursed my particular passion for inescapable bondage.
  Had I have been one of those slaves who was satisfied just to bend over and
  take his medicine; I could have ended the session long before it started to
  become so frightening. 
However it was not to be, as this novice had ominously taken her role in the
  fantasy I'd devised quite literally and was gradually increasing the intensity
  of the torture. Not only that, she was diabolically inventive with her limited
  resources and now, totally indifferent to my increasingly desperate attempts
  to register some indication that I wanted urgently to communicate, she relentlessly
  upped the pain level. 
She started by casually pouring burning hot wax over my upper body and testicles.
  Then carefully and precisely, managed to inflict torment I didn't think possible
  with some diabolically evil nipple and body clamps that I'd seen in a box on
  the sideboard before we started. I was a bit surprised at the time that she
  owned such implements, but I hadn't even bothered to question her about them
  as I assumed she wouldn't know too much about their use and were there simply
  for show. 
It turned out, as with the wax, she must have already seen them in use somewhere,
  because she understood perfectly how to use them to maximum effect. 
She even improvised further with them later, when she tightly connected many
  of them together with some strong string, ensuring they were constantly in
  tension and would tear into my flesh even further as my body twisted about
  in vain efforts to avoid the relentless torture. 
And though she didn't have much conventional mistress type equipment, she
  could certainly improvise as I found when she produced a large pair of ordinary
  pliers and used them throughout adding more and more agonising tricks to her
  pliers repertoire.
Exasperated by my early jerking about in my suspended state to avoid the torture
  and in yet another unnerving example of her cold-blooded ingenuity, she undid
  the thin rope that was tied to each corner of an old heavy steel framed bed
  in the room and knotted them together. 
She bound my swollen testicles tightly with one end and then - forcing the
  rest of the line through my pinioned thighs, jerked me back - and then tied
  the other end to the foot of the bed. 
Chapter 4: It gets worse. 
Now my movement hanging on the hook was very much restricted and I dare not
  attempt to pull away too much from my tormentor as she remorselessly continued
  to act in the role I'd requested. 
I thought I was about get some small moment of relief when she relaxed back
  against the old set of drawers and lit up a cigarette. But after a few deep
  draws, she looked at the red-hot end of the cigarette and then looked at me
  - and I knew what was about to happen. 
She paused for quite a few smokes during the session and each time after a
  few relaxing puffs, she'd slowly and sensuously approach my agonized body with
  an exaggeratedly sexual movement, as if to taunt me with the contrast of extreme
  beauty and merciless cruelty. 
She'd then carefully place the burning end into the chosen area, drawing deeply
  on the cigarette each time to ensure it was red-hot. 
In between these tortures, she'd casually saunter around behind me and then
  quite viciously thrash my back and backside with a sort of heavy flexible riding
  crop. 
It never even occurred to me she possessed such a brutal instrument until
  she suddenly produced it from a drawer. 
Even the few periods when she rested for short moments, eyeing me speculatively
  as she relaxed back in the one chair, didn't for a moment relieve my torment.
  Adding to the pain of her torture was the constant agony of the tight bondage
  I'd placed myself in. 
In a normal situation, even without the torture, the pain of my bondage would
  have long since had me signalling desperately for the mistress to untie me.
  Now I could only hang there helplessly, with no prospect of release, as the
  steel and chain cut into my poor soft flesh just adding to the overall torment.
She was to add to that torment at times as she had rummaged in my bag and
  pulled out a length of chain and a connector. Attaching that chain to my ankle
  manacles, she would use it to pull my feet off the floor as the whim took her;
  so my raw, agonizingly sore wrists took so all the weight of my hanging body. 
At intervals, she'd caress my agonized, helpless, naked body, cynically and
  sensuously running her fingers over the areas she'd assaulted acting as if
  she was really compassionate and taunt me with wicked contrived innocence telling
  me the torture would stop if only I'd reveal the information she required.
  Her wide, flawlessly clear brown eyes momentarily displaying feigned sympathy
  for the ordeal I was experiencing.
Then, still acting her phoney compassionate role, she'd perform brutally cruel
  acts like pulling me forward, against the testicle rope, tugging on the body
  clamp strings, making them bite further into and lacerate my flesh even more,
  cynically implying that all this was upsetting her delicate sensibilities as
  much as it was distressing me.
At other times she'd pretend to be genuinely perplexed as to why I stayed
  silent as she was thrashing me, callously ignoring the fact I was gagged and
  mimicking and mocking my desperate efforts to communicate. But most of the
  time she instinctively reverted to acting the role of the pitiless, female
  monster I'd mistakenly requested.
Despite the fact that most of my mind was inflamed with agony and despair
  at the torment I was experiencing, some area of my mind was still following
  in dread every detail of her activities with a sort of terrified anticipation. 
So I was also aware at these moments from her bright, elated, luminous eyes
  and deep breathing that she was almost certainly getting some sort of sexual
  stimulation during these embraces. More especially when she'd rub her latex
  clad pelvis and hips up and down against the hanging, raw, mutilated flesh
  she now knew she could torture at will. 
Later, in pure agony, I was just continuously screaming for mercy like some
  sort of mantra although I knew only a faint suppressed noise was escaping the
  gag and the scream was only echoing around in my head. 
A few times, almost as if she sensed the word I was trying to form from the
  constant, faint, muted, piteous squeals escaping from my gag, she'd observe
  in an amused tone, 
&quot;Are those continual faint squeals I keep hearing - screams for mercy?&quot;
She'd walk around behind me, &quot;Mercy isn't a part of the information I'm
  seeking, here's my version of mercy: I-don't-understand-the word-so-don't-waste-my-
  time!&quot; 
She'd thrash my backside with her thick, heavy crop on each word to emphasize
  the futility of my efforts to alleviate my torment. 
Chapter 5: The Mistress.
I lost track of time, in a red mist of pure agony, all I could do was pray
  for the nightmare to end. 
But she was relentless. I was now really at the mercy (or total lack of it)
  of a dominatrix who was naturally instinctively sadistic and got a great deal
  of sexual excitement inflicting pain. She was also totally indifferent to all
  the pain and torment a victim in her power must be experiencing - and furthermore,
  had no concept of normal client/mistress arrangements. 
Very early in this session, I had quickly become completely bewildered and
  disorientated by the total transformation of our roles. At the start, I'd been
  somewhat condescending and too eager to display my huge experience almost as
  if to emphasize her obvious lack of expertise. 
I probably would have been even more patronizing to a female so green and
  so young, but this one's stunning appearance and natural poise and self-assurance
  certainly inhibited me from taking too many liberties initially. 
Now though, with her naturally authoritative self-assurance and instinctive
  dominance, blended with her extraordinarily cruel nature; she had assumed with
  terrifying ease, the role of the merciless enslaver of the fantasy. 
Added to those unnerving personality traits was her incredible talent and
  inventiveness at inflicting torture. With me so utterly helpless and impotent
  and unable in any way to influence her activities; I had now, frankly, become
  far more frightened and terrified of this creature than of anyone I'd ever
  met in my life.
The fantasy I'd originally devised had now become as realistic as it was possible
  to imagine. Waves of pain flooded over me. Just when I though she'd reached
  a level where I just couldn't take any more - she'd up the torture to a new
  level. 
Every time she approached me to savage my flesh yet again, I'd shriek and
  scream, trying within my very restricted range of movement, to indicate the
  agony I was experiencing. 
But all my silent entreaties for the torture to end which must have been obvious,
  just seem excite and stimulate her even more. 
How long I was into the session, how much utterly real excruciating agony
  I'd endured which was far more than I'd ever imagined possible to bear, when
  the inexplicable and magical changes started to happen - I can't remember for
  certain. 
But before I describe the change, I must finally describe the dominatrix herself.
  I previously mentioned it was the sight of the mistress herself that stopped
  me from turning away from the place. 
She was tall, actually taller than me in her high heels, with long, luxuriously
  shining dark hair. She had a beautiful face, with a fine bone structure, not
  the girl next-door type, but the face that could often look arrogant and disdainful,
  like some top fashion models. 
Her wide, expressive eyes could fool one into believing you're the object
  of extreme affection one moment, but then chill your blood with sudden apprehension
  with a icy stare the next. 
She had the sort of beauty that gave out warning signals that she could scornfully
  spurn any unwanted male overture and I certainly wouldn't have had the confidence
  to approach her had I seen her sitting alone.
In addition, she also had a sensational body, with long lovely legs to match.
  Her bare shoulders were quite broad making her large firm breasts appear perfectly
  proportionate. 
Her waist was very slim and the tight latex flowed on down to outline the
  sublime curvature of her hips and backside. 
When I followed her up the stairs initially, I was so entranced, I almost
  decided to change all my original ideas about the sort of session I was seeking
  and try a body worshipping slave type scenario with her. 
But I was inexperienced as to how to proceed with that sort of scene, not
  being tempted that way with most mistresses and anyway, I didn't want the awkwardness
  of her refusing such a scenario on the first session. 
She was wearing one of those incredibly sexy, figure hugging, black, shiny
  latex dresses, almost knee length and with thin shoulder straps, that one sees
  in latex fashion magazines and combined that with a tightly laced black waist
  girdle. 
With her black patent leather stiletto type high-heeled shoes, black seamed
  nylons and elbow length black satin gloves, the whole effect was breathtaking. 
The action of the tight shiny black latex moulding her perfect figure as she
  elegantly moved about was a sheer delight to observe and just that in itself
  was incredibly arousing early on when I was hanging on the hook waiting for
  the start. 
And even had the session just comprised of me hanging there, the sight and
  subsequent memory of her just preparing to torture me would alone have still
  provided the subject matter for thousands of future masturbation fantasies. 
Chapter 6: Pleasure through pain.
Even those times later on in the session, as she'd lean back against the bedroom
  wall, coldly studying me and lighting up another cigarette and I knew she was
  about to increase the torment; some detached and still semi-sane part of my
  brain was still capable of a sort of traumatised awe at the image before me
  of such perfection. 
Even in those terrifying circumstances, I could still at periods appreciate
  the absolute exquisiteness of that body as the latex stretched tighter outlining
  even more the flawless loveliness of her breasts and hips - and the sight of
  those perfectly shaped nylon clad legs. 
After all that had happened so far, it still just didn't seem possible that
  such a vision was capable of such pitiless cruelty. 
Her beauty was so disturbing and disconcerting that early on in the session,
  despite having made it obviously clear to her that I was a submissive male
  who got pleasure from being humiliated and tortured by females - I made a laughable
  attempt to impress her with my 'manliness' by showing extreme stoicism under
  torture. 
That act didn't last very long when she really got into her stride. But still,
  there's no doubt about it, all during the session, some area of my mind was
  still just about capable of appreciating just how realistic this real live
  tormentor was to the sort of female I'd usually dream up in my extreme fantasies. 
I also couldn't dimly fail to appreciate early on, that as the role I'd asked
  her to perform was so close to her real nature, she didn't have to indulge
  in the usual contrived 'amateur dramatics' one normally has to settle for with
  most mistresses. 
She was just acting naturally and so she was as perfect in that role as it
  was possible to be.
Another unusual factor in the session was that being a novice, she had yet
  to adapt to that false and artificial 'mistress tone of voice' that many professionals
  employ. Whether she was screaming in anger or speaking with soft frightening
  menace up close, it was not the voice of the usual professional mistress, but
  of a mercilessly cruel prison wardress going about her business. 
Albeit with one unusual difference. Her accent. Her voice sounded far too
  cultured and educated to be an average wardress.
Oddly enough, that meant when she swore with words that would have seemed
  normal from a coarse, butch female, when the words came from her refined voice,
  the anger and moments of apparent fury seemed very much more disconcerting
  and frightening. 
I can't exactly remember the point when something seemed to switch on deep
  in my consciousness and the session began to move into a weird, uncharted but
  increasingly thrilling and electrifying area. 
Through a mist of tortuous pain and hopeless screams, the masochistic part
  of my brain was beginning to register the fact that the appearance, character
  and actions of this gorgeous creature was really stirring up some deep, very
  powerful erotic sensations.
I had brought this scene to light from a fantasy area that I'd only dreamed
  of in private and certainly never expected to experience. 
But now, that very fantasy had come to life and I was being forced to experience
  it for real. 
Hanging in that room, secured so effectively and gradually being emasculated
  and neutered so expertly by this beautiful creature - very slowly, but with
  increasing excitement, I was undergoing a wonderful transformation.
I was after all, masochistic and with a lifelong desire to be humiliated,
  abused and tortured to a certain level by dominant females. And now magically,
  that masochistic, submissive part of my consciousness started to emerge to
  a level I never knew existed and wouldn't have imagined possible in my wildest
  dreams. 
And that area of my brain responsible for my sexual submissiveness towards
  dominant females was totally taking over and registering the fact that I was
  actually experiencing the agonies of the fantasies I'd only previously dreamt
  up in my imagination. 
The pain slowly and miraculously began to mutate into a sort of agonized erotic
  ecstasy. 
Oh, the dread, terror, pain and the torment were still very much present,
  but now all these ingredients just seem to add to the exhilarating mix of breathtaking
  emotion, such that I had never felt in my life before.
Incredibly, my penis also began receiving the same signals from my brain and
  in the clearer moments in between the tears of pain clouding my sight, I could
  see it protruding out and becoming enlarged to an extent I'd never previously
  known. 
It was the most exhilarating and stimulating feeling I've ever experienced
  in my life and for that period, I felt I could have hung there in joyous agony
  forever. 
The final overwhelming climax finally came as she was leaning against the
  front of my hanging body to stub her lighted cigarette end on my thrashed backside. 
I could smell her perfume and feel the full latex clad curvaceous body of
  this gorgeously seductive, pitiless sadist forcing herself against mine.Chapter 7: Paradise.
This particular time she was toying with me, whispering in my ear that she
  was still very 'displeased' with my lack of cooperation so far and I was about
to experience real agony. 
But by now it didn't matter what she did to me, I was in some sort of tormented
  heaven. 
Oh God - Yes! Yes! This apprentice dominatrix had by now actually become in
  my warped and tormented mind the sadistic and supreme creature of overwhelming
  dominance with the power of life or death over me as I imagined in my original
  fantasy and I really was now just a worthless victim of no consequence. 
I was no longer aware of where I was and this was a paid for session with
  a professional mistress. 
No, I really was in some fantasyland being tortured by this stunning, unbelievably
  cruel female. 
Now it had also actually become in my confused, ravaged brain, almost reasonable
  and appropriate that I should be going through this torment if I was somehow
  displeasing her. Mutilate my worthless body if it gives you pleasure; I was
  even struggling against my tight bondage and pulling on the thin rope to increase
  my agony.
The sensation this time of her latex clad hips against my giant erection was
  just too explosive and, luckily, before I nearly castrated myself, I experienced
  the most mind shattering, euphoric, glorious prolonged orgasm I have ever felt. 
Huge amounts of spunk flowed all up her rubber dress. Oh, Heaven&iexcl;&shy;it
  went on and on like never before, and during that period - I really was in
  Paradise. 
The moment it came to an end though, the pain came back in waves - Jesus!
  I hung, suspended in extreme distress and agony I never thought possible. 
Thank heaven at this movement at least, the dominatrix, viewing my huge climax
  and seeing the result on her dress and also seeing me now in a state of absolute
  collapse came to her senses a bit and seem to realize that this must be the
  climax to this part of the fantasy that I'd talked about early on. 
Somewhat reluctantly, she released me from my bonds. 
Releasing me took an agonizingly long time as she casually took her time finding
  all the various keys and unlocking my shackles. 
If the session I had just been through was totally removed from any experience
  I'd ever had, my actions after were even more bewildering and astonishing to
  me in retrospect. 
Released, all sorts of weird unnatural thoughts were spinning around in my
  head and with my body almost paralysed with throbbing, searing pain, I was
  nowhere near any mental return to normality and was physically almost totally
  emasculated.
Still very confused, I wasn't far off imagining I was still the victim in
  my fantasy. I found myself, in almost cowering submissiveness, profusely thanking
  her for generous act of stopping her torture and releasing me. 
It didn't matter that I was now physically free; I was still in a state of
  extreme emotional agitation. 
She stood looking at me, hands on her hips, still exuding an incredible aura
  of dominance, power and menace. 
My eyes could see the same beautiful and desirable female I'd first encountered.
  The same female that I'd sat down and casually discussed my fantasies and desires
  with. But almost schizophrenically, that fact just couldn't properly register
  in my anguished brain. 
I still hadn't nearly recovered enough to even begin lose the sheer terror
  and dread I still emotionally felt towards this sadistic dominatrix and I was
  still virtually visualizing her as the bona fide merciless tormenter of my
  original fantasy. 
And by the same token, viewing my pitiful demeanour, extreme apprehension
  and obvious servility, she couldn't help but suppose that her activities had
  unveiled my true nature. 
I had actually now truly evolved into the very subservient, abject, slave-like
  creature she assumed she'd been dealing with from the start and she now had
  total control of the whole session. 
&quot;Why aren't you on your knees before me?&quot; She spoke quietly, but
  in a tone that demanded instant obedience. 
Chapter 8: Total submission.
Incredibly, I instantly found myself on my knees, grovelling, kissing her
  high heel shoes and making begging noises imploring her not to hurt me any
  more and I wasn't simply acting the role expected of me as with previous mistresses
  - this time the total surrender was completely genuine. 
Despite being released from my bonds and now in theory at liberty, the reality
  was that at that moment my distraught mind totally accepted the actuality that
  this female had now gained complete mastery over my mind and body and was free
  to do with me exactly as she pleased. 
For the first time in my life, I really understood what it was really like
  to be virtually paralysed with fear and dread before an overwhelmingly dominant
  female and to experience what must be the emotions of the most craven of slaves
  - the same slaves I used to view with a certain bemused disdain.
I was beyond caring how she'd view my abject entreaties, my contemptible grovelling
  on my knees before her in abject fear. I was just desperately hoping that this
  sort of ritual abasement would soften her cold, pitiless indifference to the
  torment I was suffering. 
As I knelt there pleading, the pain I was experiencing was a constant reminder
  of just how totally impotent I'd felt, hanging there as she'd mercilessly tortured
  and emasculated my poor body. 
Added to that memory was sure knowledge of the sort of terrifying agony this
  female might possibly be inclined to further inflict upon me. 
All that awareness had just blown my mind and I no longer possessed the ability
  to control my actions. 
I had thought I was reasonably stable person, but in those hours, hanging
  on her hook, she had stripped away any masculinity and pride I possessed. I
  now not only felt incredibly debilitated and exhausted physically, I was also
  close to having a nervous breakdown. 
For me to take any rational steps to try to end the session just didn't enter
  my head, I just knelt in total submission, like a cowering coward, desperately
  praying that I'd do or say nothing to give her an excuse to start torturing
  me again.
She toyed with me for a time, from her attitude and comments, it seemed she
  was callously amused at the sight of the cowering and obviously petrified figure
  grovelling at her feet. 
Ignoring my whimpering protests, she was playfully stabbing her stiletto heels
  into my wounds as I prostrated myself. 
She took her time and seemed to be considering how to continue the session. 
She walked away, picked up a discarded length of chain and then went to the
  bed, 
&quot;Come over here on your knees!&quot; 
She was sorting out my tiny padlocks as I shuffled over, desperately wondering
  how I could influence her to end this nightmare. 
As if dealing with an animal, she tightly wound one end of the chain around
  my neck, padlocked it, half dragged me to one of the bed posts of the heavy
  steel framed bed and chained me to the base of it, still down on my knees.
&quot;That'll hold you for a moment, I've got to spend a penny.&quot; 
I sneaked a glance to watch her walk swiftly to the door, going out and slamming
  it shut. 
I barely had time to collect my thoughts when she came back, walked over and
  leaned over me,
&quot;I've found the perfect little chore you can perform for me,&quot; she
  announced. 
She started unlocking the chain secured to the bedpost, and then paused, 
&quot;I'd better re-shackle your ankles, you might get the foolish thought
  in your head about a dash for freedom.&quot; 
She went behind me to collect my ankle shackles from the pile of my gear still
  on the floor from when I was released. 
I had become more and more alarmed and apprehensive at the continuation of
  the session I had assumed was about to end, but I stayed silent, scared stiff
  that I might say something to provoke her.
But all my nervous fears started surfacing again as I felt her snap my ankle
  manacles tightly around my already sore flesh. She now released me from the
  bedpost and jerking me to my feet, pulling me up by the chain around my neck. 
&quot;Come along!&quot; 
She was pulling me towards the door by the chain, but I could only follow
  at a fast shuffle, painfully restricted by the short length of chain on my
  shackles and the steel chafing my inflamed ankles. 
She half dragged me out of the door and into the passageway. 
I looked around in desperation hoping someone would see a naked and fettered
  captive being dragged around on a chain. But the passage down to the stairs
  was deserted and I looked towards my only escape route in helpless despair. 
She'd been far too shrewd. Had she not manacled my ankles, I might indeed
  have plucked up the nerve to have made a mad, screaming dash down the stairs
  to freedom. 
Now it was impossible and she continued dragging me across to another door
  virtually opposite. 
I entered what was obviously the toilet by the horrible stinking smell. She
  pulled me in further and pointed to the toilet seat. It was made of white plastic
  and it was filthy. 
Chapter 9: The toilet bowl.
She let go of my chain and sprayed the seat with an aerosol of some sorts. 
&quot;I'm not sitting on that!&quot; She exclaimed. 
She brutally forced me to my knees by the seat and loosely wrapped my neck
  chain around a pipe.
&quot;There's not a decent clean cloth around here, so you can actually be
  of some use. I want to lick it spotless enough for me to sit on - and don't
  take too long about it.&quot; 
She now had such an overwhelmingly awesome and dominant presence, especially
  now squeezed together in the narrow confines of the toilet; disobedience or
  defiance simply wasn't an option. 
So, after the slightest of hesitation viewing the disgusting mess, I set about
  my revolting assignment. 
My mental state at that point though was that I became almost gratified to
  be able to perform some task, however nauseating and humiliating, that avoided
  her inflicting any further agonising torture. I was also reasoning that if
  I performed well, it might meet her approval; cravingly hoping to ingratiate
  myself, so as to lessen or sidetrack for a time her harsh, relentless cruelty. 
The spray tasted of disinfectant and had loosed the harder bits. Using my
  teeth to scrape them off and then my tongue to lick the area clean I made steady
  progress. She was standing over me, supervising my efforts and derisively pointing
  out small areas I'd missed. 
After spitting one larger piece into the bowl, I looked up. I could see the
  tight latex straining against her perfectly formed thighs and my eyes rose
  up to her full breasts and to her beautiful face starring down at me. 
But there was a mocking, contemptuous smile playing about her lips and I instinctively
  understood that she'd used the filthy toilet seat simply as an exercise to
  further demonstrate the power she possessed to degrade and humiliate me at
  will and to rub in the pitiful state she'd reduced me to. 
It seemed that now she'd found a suitable victim, she realised she could now
  indulge her own incredibly cruel, perverted temperament without restraint. 
But yet again, it spun around my head for about the hundredth time, despite
  all the agony and torment she'd put my through, it just still didn't seem possible
  that this gorgeous creature towering over me was incapable of feeling just
  some few short moments of pity and compassion.
I fought the almost irresistible impulse, now I was on my knees and had the
  opportunity, to turn and grasp out and bury my head in the latex of her thighs
  or grovel at her legs or feet once again begging her to show just some mercy. 
Surely by now she must relent, but I only had the courage to stop licking
  for a moment and implore, 
&quot;Please don't hurt me anymore.&quot; 
All I got in reply was a kick. 
&quot;Use your tongue for cleaning the seat - not snivelling!&quot; 
I was trying to concentrate on cleaning the seat, but I still couldn't take
  my mind off the pain screaming out from the tortures she'd inflicted on me
  and my poor tormented flesh hadn't stopped throbbing with extreme pain and
  I desperately needed some sort of relief. 
I was constantly praying throughout my task that she'd release me when I'd
  completed this task. 
The seat was finally clean to her satisfaction, but her resolve to humiliate
  me to the ultimate hadn't finished.
&quot;You can lick the bowl clean as well, as you're down there.&quot;
Some small area of my brain that was still capable of rational thinking at
  this stage was recoiling and screaming out in protest at this additional degradation
  and it's possible further harmful consequences. 
But her incredibly threatening physical presence so close and intimidating
  dispelled any possible thought of rebellion and I despairingly started licking
  the foul bowl, cleaning and moistening my tongue in between licks using the
  water in the bowl. 
It was soon clear that the filth was too ingrained for my tongue to have any
  real effect and she soon got bored watching my fruitless efforts. 
Unwinding the neck chain from the pipe, she jerked me to my feet and half
  dragged me back into the bedroom where to my utter dismay chained me back on
  my knees to the bedpost once again, securing my neck chain almost to the base
  of the steel bedpost. I could see the sheen of her shapely black nylon clad
  legs close to my face as I sensed her appraising me. 
&quot;I'd better secure you properly right now, you might try to take advantage
  of my good nature and get up to some mischief,&quot; she sneered, &quot;or
  start playing with yourself while I'm away freshening up.&quot; 
She gave another cynical laugh as she moved out of my sight and I could hear
  her collecting up some of my gear. 
Then in helpless despair, I felt her, with callous indifference, tightly bind
  my already raw, sore, inflamed elbows with chain. 
Appalled at the thought that I would be once again be totally immobilized,
  I feebly tried to hinder her intentions, but she didn't even appear to notice
  as she brutally forced my elbows almost together behind my back and padlocked
  the chain. 
Chapter 10: Left alone.
She stood up and walked around me, viewing her handiwork and giving me a series
  of sharp kicks with the toes of her stilettos, obviously pleased with her newly
  found expertise with my own equipment. 
I on the other hand, was now even more distraught and extremely alarmed by
  the realization I was once again in a state of virtual incapacity and the dreadful
  implications of that situation. 
At the back of my mind, I'd somehow been optimistically assuming that my nightmare
  must surely soon be reaching it's conclusion. 
I couldn't begin to understand why she'd chained me up again and in sudden
  panic, I instinctively started blubbering and crying. I just could no longer
  hold back all my fear, terror and anxiety, 
&quot;Oh, please end the session.&quot; I implored, &quot;I beg of you, please,
  please end it - I'm in real pain, I can't take any more. Please, please, I'm
  begging you, please don't hurt me anymore.&quot; 
My body was shaking uncontrollably and I just couldn't stop babbling in terror
  and my voice was rising with panic. I just couldn't believe she wouldn't respond
  and show one small act of compassion, viewing my extreme distress and agony.
She kicked at my flailed, bleeding backside with her stilettos. 
&quot;For heaven's sake - shut the fuck up, you grovelling, pathetic creature!&quot; 
She looked angrily around and then picked up my saliva covered, discarded
  gag from the floor. 
My own thick penis gag was then roughly forced into my now very sore mouth
  once more. 
&quot;This'll shut you up! You really can't think I take the slightest notice
  of all your bloody, pitiful whining,&quot; She raged as she buckled it up brutally
  tight. &quot;At least now, I don't have to listen to it anymore.&quot; 
She'd now become very easily incensed and use any excuse to add to my torment,
  because she then found another small length of chain and after trying different
  combinations, finally proceeded to chain my elbow chain to my ankle chain,
  viciously tightening them and pulling them closer together, using chain connectors
  to secure it.
This also had the effect of tightening my neck chain, so I was now virtually
  hog-tied to the steel framed bed. 
She was now handling my equipment with devilish imagination as if she'd been
  handling it for years and the sight of my now inescapable helplessness seemed
  to humour her again. 
&quot;You can't believe how kinkily arousing it is to see a male body on his
  knees, trussed up like a lamb to the slaughter. Only this particular little
  lamb can't bleat out loud can he?&quot; 
She squatted down and spoke in my ear, 
&quot;Now you can quietly whimper away to your hearts content for all the
  good it'll do you - although I'm feeling so turned-on and devilishly evil right
  now, perhaps you'd better try praying instead.&quot; 
She rose to her feet, gave me a final savage kick and walked towards the door. 
&quot;Don't go anywhere before I get back and oh, don't bother calling out
  for help, no one's around to rescue you.&quot; 
She turned in the doorway and mocked, 
&quot;Of course I forgot - you can't go anywhere or call out for help can
  you?&quot; 
Then she became very much more menacing, 
&quot;I'd think about trying to escape though, if I were you, even if we both
  know you can't. If I find your bloody spunk has permanently stained my dress,
  you'll really suffer when I get back!&quot; 
She slammed the door shut. 
Apart from all the other unforgettable periods in that afternoon, I'll also
  never begin to forget what went through my mind, chained on my knees to the
  base of the steel bedpost, more cruelly restricted in movement and more powerless
  and brutally silenced than the most callously tethered dumb animal. 
As time went on, my mind, free for a time from her terrifyingly intimidating
  presence, slowly began to recover some sort of disturbed sanity. At least I
  now to a degree realized the dreadfully serious, but also now quite hopeless
  predicament I had got myself into. 
But that awareness was beginning to terrify me even more. 
I'd felt after the toilet bowl humiliation, that I might be regaining enough
  nerve to make tentative efforts to persuade her to end or diminish my torment.
  But now with all my limbs brutally bound and communication now impossible,
  I was now as helpless in her presence as I had been originally. 
Only this time, ominously, I'd had no choice. It wasn't me this time who'd
  decided to secure me again with such surprising and disturbing aptitude. 
My thoughts just ran wild, influenced by the extreme pain and throbbing agony
  I was experiencing all over kneeling there in total wretched despair.
My poor soft, mutilated, flogged and burnt flesh screaming out for some soothing
  relief. But the heartless bitch had fixed me in an agonizingly painful and
  virtually immovable position and it was impossible to move enough to even slightly
  ease the throbbing, constant pain. 
Chapter 11: Frenzied thoughts.
All the momentary wonderfully erotic euphoria I'd momentarily experienced
  as a masochistic and submissive male in this situation had long since gone. 
I was now feeling the same agony and terror an ordinary normal male would
  in these circumstances, one who'd she'd just dragged in from the street. 
I simply couldn't imagine how I'd survive any more torture and I was now almost
  having a hysterical, panic attack imagining what she might do to me on my return.
  Just some spunk on a rubber dress was being amplified in my brainwashed mind
  into some serious crime I'd committed and now I was about to receive severe
  punishment as a consequence. 
Rather like an anorexic that looks in the mirror and sees a fat person, she
  had become, despite her incredible beauty and appearance or maybe because of
  it, magnified in my mind into a terrifying all-powerful creature. The slightest
  defiance was unthinkable, no matter what sort of nightmare she had planned
  for me.
I kept wildly thinking I might have fallen into the clutches of a dangerously
  disturbed psychopath and I had to keep shutting my mind to the recurring thought
  that this female might have her own terrifying intentions as to my fate in
  this evil, filthy room.
God, how had I become such an impotently, helpless victim in such a short
  time? I couldn't have avoided the original torture as I'd chained myself up. 
But now, I'd passively let a possible psychopath force me to virtually eat
  excrement and then effortlessly, as if dealing with a child, bind and gag me
  so effectively, I now couldn't possibly escape what was in store for me. 
But I was forced to face the reality of my situation. I just knew categorically,
  that I was too terrified of her both mentally and by now far too weakened physically
  to attempt to defy her. 
Just the thought of the possible consequences of a minor act of defiance after
  what she'd put me through already, were too awful to contemplate. 
As time went on though, I still couldn't stop all sorts of mad thoughts flowing
  in and out of my frenzied mind. Some of the more irrational parts of my feverish
  imagination were coming to the fore as I tried to analyse the terrifying predicament
  I'd got myself into. I just couldn't stop tormenting myself with morbid conjecture. 
What did I know of this creature? An advert in a magazine, that's all. What
  an easy method to ensnare innocent and vulnerable victims. How overjoyed she
  must have been when I stripped off, to see my soft, rather flabby and obviously
  unfit body. 
I had always been uncomfortably aware from the start of our session, because
  I'm a bit sensitive about such matters, that in contrast to myself, that very
  shapely body had a gym trained firmness look about it. So with her also being
  taller than the average woman; it was most likely there was quite a strong
  and powerful female concealed beneath all that glamour. 
Despite she'd successfully concealed her true nature at the start; her instinctive
  poise and natural assertiveness even then should have given me some warning
  signs. 
But now, the ease with which she'd been physically handling me, had given
  me some idea of just how deceptively strong many such females could be. 
Now I was so emasculated and crippled, I could barely function at all physically.
  Even if I were momentarily unchained and free and had miraculously regained
  some nerve and spirit, I wouldn't have any confidence at all about putting
  up much of a physical resistance against this devil-bitch holding me captive.
I flinched at the thought of her laughing derision at my feeble efforts to
  escape were I free of my bonds, as she subdued me with ease. God, she'd really
  work me over then, beat me to a bloody, half unconscious pulp and then just
  carry on as she pleased.
Would she somehow sense that no one knew I was visiting this place? I had
  brought her letter with me and showed her, so she knew that piece of evidence
  wasn't left in my place. 
She could even take my keys and thrash my place, destroying any evidence of
  any connection with the whole mistress scene. Then she could keep me here for
  days being agonizingly tortured and no one would have a clue where I was.
All the pain and agony I experience means nothing at all to her. I'm just
  an object to gratify her depraved, merciless depravity and she could easily
  keep me here until her appetite for torture had diminished. 
I visualized myself unable to resist her pitiless cruelty and having no option
  but to passively accept myself being tightly secured and silenced again and
  again. 
I now know she can secure me into any number of agonisingly immovable positions,
  now she's got my own equipment to play with. 
The mad thought suddenly flashed thorough my mind of myself, spread-eagled
  on the steel bed, chained by my wrists and ankles, tightly gagged and left
  here overnight, unable to escape or call for help. 
She obviously didn't live here. She'd just lock up the room and go home to
  a night's sleep. 
Chapter 12: What if...?
I couldn't begin to comprehend the state I'd be in were I imprisoned here
  overnight and it's unlikely she'd set me free me in a crippled or disabled
  condition. Despite her beguilingly drop-dead gorgeous appearance, every agonizing
  interaction I'd had with her so far proved that this female could just callously
liquidate any male that became a problem for her. 
Then with cool efficiency, just get rid of the body and any evidence and not
  give the whole affair a second thought. 
She'd probably dump the body in one of those empty houses I saw on the way
  in and no one would connect a beautiful female with a horribly tortured body
  found some distance away. 
And yet for all those frenzied thoughts, I couldn't escape from the terrifying
  certainty that when she returned, whatever further brutality her diabolical
  imagination had conceived to inflict upon me; I'd still be powerless to do
  other than dumbly and passively endure the suffering. 
I shuddered at the constant reminder both from the pain of my brutally tight
  bonds that I was so totally immobilized and of the utter futility of my silent
  pleas for compassion from a creature that was utterly merciless. 
If this creature was a hard faced, heavily built, butch like bitch, somehow,
  that fact would have made my situation more logical and probably a slight less
  distressing. 
But I couldn't escape the constant reminder that my tormentor was a seductively
  beautiful young female. 
Somehow the constant awareness of that paradox made my whole situation even
  more outlandish and demeaning, added even greater mortification and mental
  anguish to my overall despair.
I suddenly thought of old prints I'd seen of torture being about to be inflicted
  on unfortunate victims in the Middle Ages. 
I wondered at how passive the victims looked and imagined, unlike them, I'd
  be struggling like crazy. Oh, mercy, now I know different. 
And, oh my God - all those pictures of bound up tortured and murdered victims
  I've seen in magazines and on the television. Did they lay there bound up and
  hoping against hope that they weren't going to die, but too paralysed by terror
  to put up any resistance. 
They're almost always female. Like me, did they also scream with forlorn despair
  and dread every time their tormentor approached? 
God, the boots on the other foot now, the male's the weak, passive, helpless
  victim this time and I now understood exactly the terror they must have experienced.
I could visualize pictures of my chained up, tortured body found dumped in
  a derelict house and appearing on those television programs which deal with
  that area of crime. 
She would never be caught, because no one would ever remotely associate a
  stunningly beautiful female with the shocking sight of my remains. 
God, I must stop thinking like this, I feel mentally unstable already. I'll
  go completely mad if I don't try to calm down. 
Suddenly I could distantly hear the loud conversation of some people walking
  by outside and desperately wished I could attract their attention. 
Of course, that was impossible now since the bitch re-gagged me. 
Did she anticipate I might get the nerve up to scream out for help? 
I really would right now - scream and scream out for attention. 
She seemed to be one step ahead of me all the time. Had I been unchained and
  free to move for this long, I might have got the nerve up to grab my clothes,
  or even not even bother with them, and run naked, with mad fear down the stairs
  and out onto the pavement seeking rescue and freedom. 
Now there was no escape, she instinctively knew just how to extinguish any
  forlorn hope of release from this harrowing ordeal. 
Nonetheless, I still kept screaming out silent pleas for help. In my agitated,
  almost hysterical state, I somehow hoped someone passing by might sense my
  distress. 'Please, Please, somebody save me, I'm alone, helpless and in the
  power of a sadistic monster and I can't protect myself. Someone help me please!' 
All my morbid thoughts came to an abrupt halt as the door suddenly opened. 
I cowered as near to the floor as I could in terror, not daring to look up
  at her, but I was by now virtually paralysed with numbness and pain in that
  position anyway. 
I heard her walk over and open a drawer in the dresser.
&quot;You're lucky. I've just bought this for some kinky fun with my girlfriend.&quot; 

Chapter 13: The dildo.
There was a pause for a time, and then I heard her softly deliberate to herself,
&quot;I'd better vaseline this or I'll never get it right up.&quot;
Her stiletto heels clattered on the bare boards as she approaching me.
In silence, she swiftly released my neck chain from the bedpost and undid
  the short hogtie chain.
She lifted my now virtually disabled frame up like a rag doll and, hoisted
  my upper body over the steel bars of the bed headboard, leaving me draped on
  my stomach over the top pole, my head resting on the thin, soiled mattress
  and my feet still just touching the floor. 
Many disturbed thoughts were surging through distressed mind at that time
  and one briefly superfluous thought was a confirmation of my instincts about
  her physical power.
I had more than that to think about now though, and my anxious alarm and fear
  began to surface rapidly again as she disconnected one of my ankle manacles
  and, prising each of my legs far apart, chained them to the base of each bedpost.
Resting my head on the mattress trying to relieve somewhat the pain of my
  pinioned elbows and not thinking very clearly, my disoriented mind dimly comprehended
  that being hung over the bar with my backside uppermost, the vain hope I'd
  had of some respite was ruined.
Meanwhile, she had been to the drawer and back again.
I'd turned my head to breathe more easily and had my eyes closed.
I felt something hard poked into the leather of my gag.
&quot;Open your eyes! Look at what I've got for you!&quot;
I open my eyes and saw she was holding an obscenely large black rubber dildo
  shaped like a giant penis. Heavily greased up, it had authentic looking veins
  running down it and two large black balls on the end.
&quot;You've come just in time to christen it!&quot; 
She went behind me out of view and I felt her prod my backside with it.
&quot;I thought when we started what a lovely soft girly-like bum you've got.&quot; 
Then, sounding callously amused at her very obvious lying, 
&quot;I felt at the time, it was such a shame for you to virtually force me
  to thrash it into this red and bloody mess.&quot; 
I felt her long fingernails dig into my stomach fat.
&quot;Such lovely soft white flesh as well. And with such a pretty face -
  a bit effeminate are we?
Then suddenly, my backside spasmed as I felt the tip of the dildo search out
  the entrance to my back passage.
&quot;I'll bet this isn't the first prick to enter here is it?&quot;
Fearful anticipation of what was about to happen almost took my mind off pain
  I was experiencing being secured in such a rigid and humiliating position and
  the constant throbbing agony from all areas of my body. 
&quot;I'll take that silence as a yes.&quot;
She relentlessly forced the obscenity up my backside until from the pain;
  it felt as if she was splitting it in two. I had been hurting so much all over
  that I'd thought that I just couldn't be able to feel any further pain, but
  she'd found another area to brutalize and I was forlornly screaming with agony
  once again. 
&quot;Too bad you're gagged, I'd love to make you squeal like a happy pig
  as I forced this up. Unfortunately someone outside might hear you. 
We're all alone in this house though - think about it, we can do as we please
  with no one to disturb us.&quot;
She laughed, &quot;One day, when I get a nice sound-proofed dungeon, I'll
  be able to make you pathetic slaves scream really loud in agony anytime the
  mood takes me.&quot; 
Desperately trying to relax my backside as I soon discovered that trying to
  resist the dildo's entry made the pain worse, I just had to endure until the
  loathsome object was worked fully in to her satisfaction. 
&quot;D'you know there's now two big black bollocks sticking out of your arse?&quot; 
She was enjoying herself and unchaining my ankles as she talked. 
&quot;It just didn't seem fair, just having one prick to suck on, without
  having another one pleasuring you up your arse. Aren't I good to you? You must
  be in sissy-boy heaven.&quot; 
Any vain hope I'd momentarily indulged in once more about some small alleviation
  to my torment, now she seemed in such good humour, was extinguished as I felt
  her tightly manacle my ankles together again.
Again, as if dealing with child, I was physically lifted of the bed and dumped
  on the floor on my chest.
The change in position brought more futile screams from me as I could now
  feel the full effect of the huge abomination she'd forced up my backside.
I rested my gagged face against the floor for a moment, elbows pinioned behind
  my back, ankles chained and in indescribable torment when, again, I heard the
  faint sound of conversation as some people walked past the house. 
I was now in the depths of despair and experiencing almost suicidal hopelessness. 
I longed to be able to scream and scream out loud for help. 
Ordinary, normal life with help and rescue were just yards away, but they
  would just walk past never knowing the hell a fellow human being was being
  put through in a room a mere stone's throw away.
Chapter 14: Hobbling in terror.
&quot;Crawl over to me here!&quot;
Enveloped in my own personal torment, the sudden harshness in her tone jerked
  me back to horrified reality.
I unwillingly raised my head and saw that she'd hung a chain from the ceiling
  hook. 
She was standing beside it, one of her satin-gloved hands was holding the
  chain, the other, holding her crop and lightly tapping her latex clad hip with
  it.
Alarmed by her tone and the now very menacing element apparent in her posture,
  I made desperate efforts to obey her command, but soon found it was virtually
  impossible. 
Had I been able to move freely, the crawl would have still been slow and very
  painful. 
But still chained and very restricted with movement, I found I simply couldn't
  obey her. 
The chain by now had cut so much into the flesh of my elbows and ankles mere
  movement was torture. 
The pain in my poor torn, mutilated and burnt chest was being further intensified
  by my attempt to drag myself along that filthy floor. 
What with the dildo and the ache from all my other wounds, I was nearly fainting
  with agony and I just flapped around on the floor making no forward progress. 
I heard an exasperated expletive from her and she walked over and started
  whipping the soles of my feet with her crop. 
&quot;I'm not waiting all fucking day, you're crawling slower than a snail!&quot;
I'd thought my body was so racked with pain that she couldn't add to it, but
  I'd never realized the soles of my feet were so sensitive as this new pain
  shot up my legs and body, exploding with renewed agony in my brain. 
I made desperate renewed efforts to avoid her thrashing and crawl faster,
  but despite all this additional torture this merciless creature was inflicting
  upon me, I was just physically unable to comply. 
I just collapsed on the floor, virtually semi-conscious with extreme pain,
  my body just convulsing with each vicious stroke of her crop. 
It must have become obvious even to her that I simply wasn't able to move,
  because she stopped thrashing me.
&quot;Fuck! I was looking forward to watching you crawling around the floor.&quot;
I was quivering on the floor, weeping animal like sobs of extreme distress. 
&quot;Perhaps all is not lost.&quot;
Virtually dehumanised by the pain from her merciless brutality, I'd long since
  given up any reaction to her less painful assaults on my frail flesh.
So I just lay with passive indifference as I felt her tightly chain my knees
  together and fiddle around with the chain on my ankle manacles.
I was roughly manhandled up to a standing position and I shrieked as I felt
  the full effect of the thrashing she'd given to my feet. 
She walked back and stood by the hanging chain once again.
&quot;As you can't crawl, at least you can hobble around. Make your way over
  here to me!&quot; She commanded, pointing to the chain in her hand.
As soon as I started to reluctantly obey her command, I understood why she'd
  gone through the bother of adding further restrictive bindings to my already
  manacled legs.
She'd shortened the chain on my ankle manacles to a very few links. 
With my knees now tightly bound, I found I could only shuffle forward a few
  inches at a time. 
Gagged, my elbows pinioned behind my back, hobbled by my short ankle chain
  and my bound knees, my poor tortured body screaming in agony, a devilishly
  huge foreign object forced up my backside and now with the soles of my feet
  screaming out with pain - my progress was slow and harrowing.
My pinioned elbows arched my back and my head was so far back, I was virtually
  staring at the ceiling as I progressed. 
My distraught mind understood I was hobbling towards certain further torture,
  but despite my mind screaming out I couldn't take any more pain, it was virtually
  burnt into my consciousness now to instantly react to and dumbly obey her every
  command.
The few times I dared look down at her waiting for me, I could see from her
  expression of amused derision, that she'd deliberately restricted my movement
  so she could prolong the callous entertainment of viewing the spectacle of
  a helplessly bound, mutilated male, shuffling in extreme pain towards her. 
I finally reached the hanging chain and as I'd anticipated, she went about
  coupling it to my bindings. 
She physically almost lifted me off the floor and by using one of my larger
  chain connectors almost as a hook on the elbow chain, I was left almost hanging
  with most of my weight being taken by the pinioned elbows, rather than the
  toes of my tortured feet. 
She squatted down and connected the bottom of the chain to my ankle manacles,
  stood back and examined me.
Still not satisfied, she forced my wrists together behind me and secured them
  with my manacles, 
The fact that she was bothering to take such deliberation and care into ensuring
  my virtually total immobility, had me now sinking into an almost suicidal despair;
  convinced that all I could look forward to now, were hours of further excruciating
  torture.
Chapter 15: I'm inspected.
She stood back and cold-bloodedly examined her handiwork as I hung before
her, almost blacking out with pain and trepidation.
&quot;There now, I know you just love to be hanging around, all chained up.&quot; 
She continued, heartlessly mocking my enforced silence, 
&quot;Honestly, the trouble I take to ensure your total enjoyment - and do
  I hear some appreciation?&quot;
She put her hand up to her ear and pretended to listen for a reply from me.
&quot;I don't hear a thank you mistress. How ungrateful. You know what happens
  to naughty, ungrateful little boys?&quot; 
I tensed as she came to me, leaning against my suspended tormented body and
  toying with the dildo.
&quot;Naughty little boys get punished!&quot; 
She became more forceful playing with the dildo, laughing openly at my obvious
  distress as I made despairingly feeble efforts to move my immobilized body
  from her increasingly vigorous thrusts.
&quot;I'm forgetting, this is pleasure for you, not punishment.&quot; 
She let go of the dildo and flicked at my limp penis,
&quot;Not turned on yet? 
She affected a dismayed sigh,
&quot;I suppose it takes an enormous dick to really get you going.&quot;
She moved away and stood directly in front of me, contemplating my tormented
  figure.
I only dared raise my head and take swift petrified glances at her and if
  it was possible to add to my extreme distress at that stage, the sight of her
  standing instinctively posed as if she was modelling her outfit and looking
  as seductively beautiful and fresh as she was at the start of our session,
  added to my mental torment.
For split seconds, the insane contrast between actuality of her stunning physical
  loveliness and the half demented, mercilessly tortured, quivering travesty
  of a man she'd reduced me to in that same period flared up in my frenetically
  agitated mind; then kept dying as the throbbing pain and hopelessness of my
  position overwhelmed me again.
In those seconds though, I could also see, from the movements of her satin-gloved
  hands sensuously stroking her breasts and massaging the tight latex between
  her legs, that merely by studying my appalling condition, she was experiencing
  some sort of pleasurable erotic stimulation.
Her wide eyes glowed drinking in the clear results all over my enfeebled body
  of her pitiless cruelty and also the utter helplessness of the hanging creature
  she'd effortlessly bound in chains. 
Adding to her sadistic pleasure must have been the callously amusing memory
  of her tightly gagged victim's continuous and futile efforts to scream out
  for mercy.
She was probably further elated at the memory of how easily she had enslaved,
  tortured and humiliated the previously pretentious male she now saw hanging
  before her.
After what seemed ages, she suddenly stopped fondling herself, my immobility
  obviously starting to irritate her. 
&quot;Don't just hang there passively, struggle like you did early on!&quot;
She'd chained and manacled my limbs so viciously tight that I was almost in
  a state of paralysis and though still reacting automatically to her every whim,
  I could only manage some unconvincing, very feeble movements. 
She watched me derisively for some moments.
&quot;I see I'm going find something to encourage you.&quot; 
She moved out of my vision and I could hear her walk towards the door. 
&quot;Let's see if I can find something down below, a blowlamp maybe, to liven
  you up.&quot;
She went out the door, closing it carefully behind her and I could hear her
  heels clattering on the bare wooden stairs leading to the ground floor. 
Once again I was alone in the grubby domestic bedroom I'd innocently entered
  hours previously.
But the temporary relief of her absence only transformed the focus of my wretchedness
  from the endless dread of the activities of my pitiless tormenter, to the full
  sensation of the extreme agony I was experiencing from all areas of my tortured
  body.
I was almost going out of my mind in frustration of my utter helplessness
  as different parts of my pain-racked frame screamed out for soothing relief.
The vicious tightness of her savage bindings alone was excruciating enough,
  virtually paralysing me into complete immobility.
I'd lost sense of time, but I knew I'd been a prisoner in this dreadful room
  for considerably longer than three hours.
The crazy speculation about my possible fate at the hands of this relentlessly
  merciless creature that I'd buried in the back of my mind upon her return came
  flooding back. 
Chapter 16: Asphyxiation.
My mental focus was diverted as I suddenly found I could touch the dildo with
the fingers of my manacled hands.
She'd forced it up with her usual total indifference to the agony I would
  be experiencing and after her recent activities with it, it now felt like a
  large red hot log all the way up my backside, virtually into my stomach. 
Desperate to relieve just one of the many throbbing excruciating aches and
  pains emulating from all areas of my body, I attempted to draw part or all
  of it out. 
But I was bound so tight and in such a position, my buttocks were jammed tight
  and the dildo seemed almost welded up my backside. 
I could only make feeble efforts to tug on it anyway as my fingers were starting
  to go numb as a result of her brutally tight bindings.
With my failure to relieve just one area of pain, the confirmation of my total
  helplessness relapsed me into a state of wretched despair. 
I now hurt so much that I didn't even react with my usual terrified dread
  as to her probable intentions when I heard her coming back up the stairs. 
The door opened, 
&quot;You're still here then?&quot; she mocked.
Closing the door, I heard her walk over to me and before I could begin to
  perceive what she was up to, I felt her swiftly pulling a plastic bag over
  my head and then use a length of her thin rope to seal the base of it round
  my neck. 
For a moment, I just couldn't comprehend or even believe what she'd done,
  but as the sound of my breathing resonated around the bag, I instantly woke
  up from my exhausted stupor and started struggling desperately in a hopeless
  attempt to somehow get it off. 
The bag was transparent and, fighting the chains binding me, I tried by my
  wild eye movements staring at her, hoping that seeing my extreme distress,
  she might have second thoughts about her actions. 
But all I could see was excitement on her face as she stood up close to me,
  silently studying my reactions. 
I was almost going insane with hopeless terror, desperately trying to ration
  the small amount of air left. But panic took over and the bag sealed itself
  on my face shutting off all air. 
Then I really struggled, ignoring the agonizing pain of the chains biting
  deeper into the already torn flesh of my tightly fettered body.
God, it was horrific, the pain in my lungs as they screamed for air, the terrifying
  conviction I was about to die a horrible death as my head felt it was about
  to explode. 
Then suddenly, just before I became unconscious, I found myself able to suck
  in great nose-fulls of life giving oxygen. 
Oh, the momentary relief. I opened my eyes and slowly became conscious of
  the fact that she'd untied the rope and pulled the bag off. 
&quot;You didn't really think I'd let you off the hook that easily did you?
  I was just fascinated to see how someone struggling in his death throes acted.&quot; She
  enthused. 
&quot;It was really exciting to watch. Jesus, I was wetting myself watching
  your desperate struggles.&quot;
She tugged playfully on my pinioned elbows, 
&quot;Was it as thrilling for you as it was to me? You didn't seem to be enjoying
  it that much, struggling and jerking about like crazy and your eyes were popping
  out of your head.&quot; 
She fingered the tight chain cutting into my elbows and marvelled almost to
  herself.
&quot;I wonder what it really feels like, to experience asphyxiation and not
  being able to lift even a finger to save yourself.&quot;
She stood back and observed my still quivering body with wicked approval. 
&quot;It would have been even more exciting if I could have done it without
  the gag. Then I could have watched your mouth trying to scream and gasp for
  air at the same time.&quot; 
She examined the bag, 
&quot;It only warns here about babies and children?&quot; She feigned perplexity, 
&quot;So it should be safe on a grown male, even if he's all tied up and blubbering
  away like a big baby.&quot;
She waved to bag in front of me, 
&quot;Shall we try again to prove these baggy people are wrong?&quot;
The very thought made me scream and scream as I tried to show from my cruelly
  constrained position that I was pleading and pleading for just one small merciful
  act. 
It seemed to be the reaction she was expecting as she watched me intently,
  studying my efforts to communicate my torment. 
She viewed my now very debilitated and exhausted, hopeless struggling in my
  bonds, my eyes bulging with my attempts to actually scream out loud my pleas
  for mercy as if she was dispassionately observing some sort of experiment;
  her wide, bright eyes, luminous with malicious, cold-hearted amusement. 
After what seemed ages, she suddenly made up her mind and walked towards me. 
She came up close and pressed her latex clad body against my side and teasingly
  kept forcing the bag against my nose as I frantically kept turning my gagged
  face in all direction to avoid it.
&quot;Let's play a game shall we? I'll keep pulling this bag on and off your
  head and you'll have to guess how many it'll be before I get bored and just
  leave it tied on&quot; 
Chapter 17: Bewilderment.
She attempted to pull the bag over my head again, but I was still making frantic
  efforts to avoid it, vigorously moving head around.
&quot;Keep your head still!&quot;
For the first time in the session, I ignored her command. 
The nightmare experience of my near asphyxiation momentarily overcoming my
  terror of this relentlessly merciless dominatrix.
With an angry motion, she discarded the bag and grasped the slack hanging
  down from my chained neck.
Roughly jerking my head back against the hanging chain, she used the slack
  chain to bind my neck so tight to the chain; I felt I was being choked.
She then picked up the bag and loosely draped it on my now immovably secured
  head. 
&quot;I can't believe you actually disobeyed me!&quot;
She toyed with the bag.
&quot;I didn't think by now, I'd have to deal with a pathetic little display
  of insolent disobedience.&quot; 
I was weeping tears of utter misery and despair, my eyes closed, trying shut
  out of my mind the probable consequences of my moment of defiance. 
I felt a sharp smack across my face.
&quot;Look at me!&quot;
I reluctantly opened my eyes and obediently looked at the face of my pitiless
  tormenter.
My eyes blinking with tears, I nervously took in the mass of dark, lustrously
  shining hair cascading down to her shoulders, her full, seductively enticing
  lips, the exquisitely sculptured bone structure and silky texture of her thick
  eyelashes enhancing the flawless clarity of her wide expressive eyes.
But those eyes examining me were icy and cruel, without the slightest hint
  of pity or compassion. 
I desperately wanted to scream out to her that I was willing to accept permanent
  enslavement, keep me chained up in this room for ever, torturing me - just
  spare my life today and release me now before I go raving mad. 
&quot;I'll give you one more chance. I'm going to release your head and this
  time, I want you to exhibit total, unqualified obedience.&quot; 
She reached down and viciously twisted my testicles.
&quot;Blink once if you understand!&quot;
In total helpless despair, I submitted and presented her with the blink that
  I believed would seal my fate.
She unwound the chain that had secured my neck and my head hung free once
  more.
&quot;Now keep your head perfectly still!&quot;
All my instincts screamed out to pull my head away again as she slowly and
  deliberately pulled the bag down over my head. 
I hazily sensed that she wasn't going to suddenly end the sadistic enjoyment
  she was experiencing by leaving the bag on my head this time, but still the
  memory of the horror of virtual suffocation was still seared into my brain.
With equally slow and deliberate movements as if to tempt me to flinch, she
  tied the base of the bag around my neck.
By now, as a result of her activities and extreme pain, I was becoming even
  more mentally unhinged and started to wonder how I could utilise the bag to
  swiftly induce unconsciousness or even the death that now felt preferable.
But before the bag had even sealed itself against my face, I felt her untie
  it and carefully pull it off.
She moved back again and stood in front of me once more, gazing intently in
  a sort of callous fascination at the pitiful, almost by now dehumanised creature
  her barbaric activities had fashioned, almost as if she was registering my
  image in her memory. 
She quietly murmured to herself almost in wonder, 
&quot;Well, you're certainly a genuine and bona fide slave in every sense
  of the word.&quot;
Shaking her head as if to dismiss those thoughts, she came up close and, unbelievably,
  started running her hands up and down my body in an affectionate manner. 
Then I felt her hug me and whisper in my ear,
&quot;I've read that men being hanged, jerked off at the last moment swinging
  on the end of a rope&iexcl;&shy; or was it they fouled themselves? 
Whatever&iexcl;&shy; I notice though, you didn't even get a tiny erection
  when you were struggling for air, or even when I simulated rape. What does
  one have to do to get you excited again?&quot;
She pressed in closer, virtually caressing me, her tongue exploring my ear
  and I could feel the nipples of her breasts firm against my bare, lacerated
  chest and I realised she'd slipped the top of her latex dress down exposing
  them. 
She whispered, &quot;Can you feel my breasts against you? Would you love to
  fondle them?
Her hand strayed down to my manacled wrists as she forced her latex clad hips
  against my groin.
&quot;But you can't can you? You hands aren't free to wander are they?&quot; she
  teased, &quot;Shall I become very compassionate and release them so you can
  explore my whole body?&quot;
She now felt down between our tightly coupled bodies and took my flaccid penis
  in her soft satiny-gloved hand and started gently massaging it.
&quot;Oh my poor helpless, baby,&quot; She was now kissing some areas she'd
  burnt with her cigarettes. 
&quot;Has this naughty female been mean to you? Let me kiss away the pain.&quot;
Chapter 18: Released!
My whole body had by now become just a complete agony zone with pain screaming
  out from all parts and so my throbbing brain initially couldn't take in this
  new development in my torment.
I faintly assumed that it was just another mocking prelude to further diabolical
  torment and torture.
As she continued though, it became even more unreal. I couldn't comprehend
  how she wasn't aware that in my present condition, it would be impossible to
  masturbate me. 
My penis though, after a time and almost independently, did start responding
  and actually getting a sort of erection. 
After a period, despite the appalling physical and mental state I was in,
  suspended on that chain, to my bewildered surprise, some part of my fevered
  brain also began to react to that primitive sensation. 
Despite all the extreme torment she'd inflicted upon me and all the pain racking
  about in my brain, just the sensation of her exquisite and seductive body pressed
  up against me and the now very up close awareness of her incredible loveliness
  had the power to momentarily redirect my tormented mind into this new direction
  of her choosing. 
Acting as if she was now madly attracted to this creature she'd so brutally
  damaged and expertly seducing me as I hung in my chains, at the same time sensuously
  massaging my penis - I was unable to resist this new and unexpected assault
  on my senses. 
My penis had a tiny ejaculation as the residue of my spunk tricked out, but
  I was in far too much pain to receive anywhere near the normal sensation in
  my brain. 
&quot;I'm sorry, I had to hurry you along. It's well past the period you paid
  for and you never seemed to get another hard on no matter what I did.&quot; 
She had moved behind me, undone the neck chain and had started unbuckling
  my gag and even in my paranoid state, by the very sudden change in her voice
  and actions, I sensed the continuation of this totally unexpected transition
  in the session. 
Oh my God, please, please - could it be that I really wasn't going to suffer
  continuous suffocation or torture after all? 
But even as she began releasing me, cursing irritably as she tried different
  keys to open the padlocks and actually talking to me as a human being once
  again, I was still wound up as tight as a drum. 
I was still fearful that this was just another cruel trap and she'd suddenly
  revert to her sadistic activities just when I thought I was free. 
Finally released, I sunk to my knees and wept tears of relief as the dildo
  was painfully removed, despite her efforts to ease the procedure. 
For a time, I knelt there virtually paralysed as the feeling came back into
  my limbs and the full effects of her merciless assault swept over my trembling
  body.
She was starting to get restless as I knelt trying to recover to ability to
  simply move and function. 
When I did finally laboriously get to my feet, I found I could only move and
  operate as if I were a disabled semi-crippled person, one racked very much
  with agonising pain.
Chapter 19: Enjoying it?
Despite the fact she'd already long since exposed my pretence of stoical manliness,
  somehow instinctively, I was endeavouring to hide from the dominatrix just
how much pain I was experiencing as a result of her brutally savage torture.
I started to dress myself with great difficulty in my raw, inflamed, aching
  and exhausted condition. 
Seeing my awkward and clumsy efforts, she came over and started helping me.
As the afternoon had progressed the apprentice mistress had, in my increasingly
  agitated, unstable, almost insane mind, well nigh grown to the magnitude of
  an omnipotent, all-powerful goddess - albeit a very cruel and malevolent one.
So as it was out of the question that I could begin to lose both the awe and
  the great fear I had of her in such a short period, I found myself flinching
  with anxiety and nervousness at her close proximity as she helped me dress,
  and at times I had to keep resisting the impulse to drop down on my knees as
  it didn't seem appropriate to be standing in her presence. 
She on the other hand was aroused and animated. 
I kept hearing what a turn on the session had been as it was,
'Better than any sex she'd ever had - she was wet all down her legs from continuous
  orgasms!'
I learned how she'd prolonged our session beyond the time I'd paid for - because
  we were both enjoying it so much! 
I must have finally got up the nerve to mutter it had been a 'bit over the
  top', because she became silent for a moment. 
I could tell she'd suddenly become a bit annoyed, as she pointed out, quite
  correctly from her point of view I suppose, that she'd only performed exactly
  as I'd requested and anyway, 
&quot;You obviously must have been loving it as well, I've never seen a prick
  your size grow that big and hard - or so much spunk either.&quot; 
I couldn't have rationalized that bizarre anomaly had I have been mentally
  sound at the time. 
But right then all I could think of was little else other than to get out
  of that room and instantly fearful at her change of tone and desperate not
  to antagonize her or give her cause to get irritated, I quickly abandoned that
  issue. 
The thought I might give her some excuse to suddenly change her mind and enslave
  me again was just too dreadful to contemplate, so I instantly started babbling
  about how wonderful both she and the session had been and she seemed appeased
  and mollified. 
The fear that she might have further inflicted cruel torment upon my helpless
  body wasn't just a paranoid delusion either. 
In my disturbed state actually only comprehending parts of her enthusiastic
  chatter, I began to realize that it was only the fact that her second client
  was due quite soon that obliged her to end the session when she did. 
I think I owe that particular submissive male my sanity. 
I know I'd have eventually gone stark raving mad had she continually bagged
  my head as she'd threatened or had thought up some even more terrifying ordeals. 
Still frantically nervous, my tension only started subsiding somewhat when
  she was ushering me down the stairs. 
I couldn't even look at all my equipment and I left it with her muttering
  something about picking it up later. 
When I reached the pavement and the door closed being me and I knew for certain
  that she really had released me and I was now free, I staggered some steps
  along the road and hung on to a lamppost for support. 
Tears of pure relief flowed down my cheeks at the certain knowledge that my
  nightmare was over.
I desperately needed to pee and I shuffled to a convenient alleyway and noticed
  there was blood in my urine, but I couldn't give a damn at that stage. 
I remember little about the journey home. 
All my body was screaming out, but the main difficulty getting home was from
  just walking, as the pain in the soles of my feet made movement agonizing and
  of course, sitting on the train seats was out of the question. 
One look at my condition in the mirror when I got home, confirmed the shocking
  state I'd been reduced to. 
It also explained why I'd been stared at most of the time during my journey
  as my exposed neck was red raw and still bleeding in places and the marks of
  the tight straps of my gag were clearly etched across my face. 
I wasn't at all bothered; the reactions of the general public were the least
  of my problems at that time.
I really should have been in hospital, but that was out of the question, as
  they would have obviously called the police. 
So I ran a bath, took a lot of painkillers, and tried to sooth my wounds in
  tepid water. 
But all my efforts had a fairly marginal effect. I'd been too brutalized both
  mentally and physically to find any real relief in the short term. 
I had no rest all that night. 
It was impossible find any relaxing position that wasn't painful, even my
  softest chairs, cushions, pillows and mattress, felt like concrete against
  my wounded flesh. 
Chapter 20: Slow recovery.
But even had I got physically comfortable that night, the mental turmoil I
was going through would have ensured I'd have got no peace or rest. 
By morning, I still had not even begun to calm down, I was still extremely
  agitated, anxious and my nerves were constantly on edge. 
Work was out of the question and I knew I had to somehow make the effort to
  get out to visit my doctor. 
I was lucky in that respect as he was both just a short walk away and also
  of Middle Eastern origin. 
Pretty hopeless as a doctor, but I'd found him very useful in the past as
  he'd write medical certificates at the drop of a hat. 
He was shocked of course at my condition, but seemed to accept my fabricated
  story that I'd owed a criminal gang thousands in gambling debts and this torture
  was a warning message when I told them I couldn't repay right away. 
Telling me I should at least go to the police and hospital casualty, he nevertheless
  instantly wrote a medical certificate for a month and prescriptions for strong
  painkillers, sleeping pills, ointments and dressings. 
It takes little imagination to understand what I went through that month as
  my flesh wounds slowly healed. The strong painkillers and sleeping pills were
  a godsend as the pain took a long time to subside. 
I hardly bothered about eating in the first few days after and so my normal
  bowl movements were disrupted. But the first time I did manage to pass a motion,
  the pain in my backside felt like what it must be like to give birth.
For a long period, I was also mentally in denial. I'd keep getting visions
  of the dominatrix, but every time my thoughts began to drift beyond her and
  towards remembering the experience I'd had in that room, my brain would instantly
  reject them and shut down the subject. 
Of course, that couldn't last for long and once the floodgates were open,
  I simply couldn't stop my mind going over again and again, what had happened
  to me. 
The constant recollection of those hours naturally produced an incredible
  variety of complex, contradictory, bizarre and sometimes, almost deranged emotions. 
I could just about function physically by the time I went back to work, careful
  to cover up all the wounds and lacerations, still not nearly healed and still
  very visible.
But I was still very much in mental turmoil and not really capable of concentrating
  on any task for long before my mind would start returning obsessively to thoughts
  of that afternoon. 
I soon realized I wasn't capable at that time of working normally, and I left
  the company with mutual consent. 
It was about three months later that I finally decided I simply had to visit
  that female again. 
I suppose many males, suffering what I'd been through, would have gone around
  sooner and confronted her. 
I'd thought about it at times, especially early on when I was still in some
  pain. But deep down, I knew I was kidding myself about confrontation. 
I'm simply not the sort of person that gets confrontational, I wouldn't really
  know how to even start in such a situation. 
I also knew I would be rather nervous at just the thought of trying to face
  up to that young lady in a confrontational manner. 
I couldn't actually guarantee either, so soon after, that I wouldn't fall
  on my knees the moment she opened the door and what she might do to me if that
  happened. 
I was still in the early stages of my recovery and the thought of adding further
  trauma to my damaged body was unthinkable. 
My reasons after three months? 
Far too complex to fully describe, and as I suspected at the time, that many
  of the reasons I used to justify a visit were false, like the absurd desire
  to reveal to her the 'real' me. 
The rational part of my brain simply knew for certain that, with the marks
  and wounds of my first visit still barely healed, (and some are still visible
  now, years later) I couldn't possibly endure her version of torture again,
  physically or mentally and would have to make that clear to her at the start.
I knew that sensibly, I should also demand full control of the session. 
But at the same time, I kept having to suppress an almost irresistible desire
  in the back of my head, for her, when I entered the room, to ignore my demands,
  immediately place me in bondage and do as she pleased with me once again.
Even if she didn't do that, another emotion I was trying to repress, was the
  painful suspicion that alone with her once again, any willpower I possessed
  would dissolve, despite fully appreciating all the potentially very alarming
  consequences that would entail when she realised she could indulge herself
  once more. 
Male slaves really are 'over the cuckoo nest' at times. 
So I felt incredibly nervous just dialling the number, but my mood changed
  instantly to one of unease and alarm as I got a disengaged signal. 
Hurriedly dressing, I dashed to the Underground and took a train to her workplace. 
When I finally reached it, I was totally devastated. 
Chapter 21: Heartbroken.
In many ways, it was the worst, certainly the most disappointing moment of
  my life. 
The whole road had been demolished and cleared of housing. 
I stood there for hours, just staring and all sorts of thoughts going through
  my mind.
Eventually, I started rationalizing that perhaps all wasn't lost. She was
  bound to find some new, probably better place to perform as a mistress and
  I'd find her again. 
She never did. 
Years later, I've still never really come to terms with the fact that she
  just disappeared from the scene. 
And of course, I've lost count of the times I've pondered the mystery; worked
  out all sorts of different scenarios of what might have happened. 
But there are endless reasons as to why she would have suddenly left the professional
  mistress scene and I know now, - I'll never find out the real reason. 
Those devious magazine people kept her advert in for months after. Her photo
  was just too good for them to miss out on the money gained from fruitless inquiries. 
In fact that one photo was still being used in many S/M circles years later,
  especially in various magazines, as an example of a perfect fantasy dominatrix. 
Naturally, I also kept replying, hoping that she'd started up again somewhere
  new. 
I even kept looking through all the newspapers, half expecting to read of
  a sensational trial, with her up for grievous bodily harm or worse. 
I also, a bit tongue in cheek, looked to see if any chained up, tortured bodies
  were found dumped somewhere. 
Neither was ever reported. 
Needless to say, all my subsequent visits to dozens of different professional
  mistresses over the years have been, well - pretty tame and disappointing. 
How could I really expect anything different? 
It's not really the mistress's fault. They must think I'm some sort of nut
  as I can never really explain, or even know myself anymore, exactly what I
  want the mistress to do to me. 
At the first mistress I went to after that afternoon, assuming that I was
  now capable of enduring some serious torture, I amazed myself by panicking
  at the very start and signalling for her to stop! 
Feeling a bit foolish, I did explain that the previous mistress had gone over
  the top and I hadn't yet recovered. 
Indeed, the evidence was still there quite clearly all over my body. 
She was professionally outraged at what had happened to me, (of course, I
  didn't relate the full story) and said I should have taken some sort of action
  afterwards. 
I didn't tell her that the only action I felt like taking now was to find
  her and once again, completely surrender to that beautiful sadist. 
I eventually realized though, that even had I found her and we'd had another
  session, there was no possible way I could have relived again, all the incredible
  and varied emotions I went through that afternoon. 
I'd have loved just to be able to see her just once again and find out her
  subsequent thoughts on how she treated me. 
Did she ever wonder, in the short period she had left there, why I never revisited
  or even collected my gear?
What would her reaction have been, opening the door and seeing me standing
  there? 
She must still think of me occasionally. They say women never forget their
  'first' and she surely was never able to indulge herself so uninhibitedly at
  any time since.
A sobering thought is that even had I unlimited wealth and could comb the
  world employing the most beautiful women to torture me, I still couldn't guarantee
  I'd experience any like the huge orgasm I'd had early on that afternoon. 
And no matter how much I was willing to pay, I certainly could never relive
  the dread and terror I felt in the second half of the session, when at times,
  I seriously thought I was about to be tortured to death. 
And when I start playing with myself in bed at night, nearly always it's that
  second period that my thoughts turn to and it still never fails to produce
  some arousing and exhilarating eruptions. 
So considering all my sexual experiences in the Pro/Dom scene in the years
  since that fatal visit have been something of an anti-climax, to put it mildly;
  all in all, would I have been better off had I never seen that particular advert? 
I'll let whoever reads my narrative of that afternoon make up his own mind. 
I've finally made up my own mind, but I'm keeping my conclusions on that subject
  strictly to myself.
END.

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sean Dunne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





