BDSM Library - Family of Slaves




Family of Slaves
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Linda comes home from college to find her mom and dad are now the neighbor slaves.
Family of Slaves

Linda had just returned from college and walked and was going to surprise her
mother and father when she walked through the living room door of the family
mansion, she froze.  There in the corner of the room was her 45 year old mother
Carol naked except for a pair of lacy panties pulled down to her knees standing
and a the neighbor 18 year daughter Lana striking her ass with a switch as she
jumped around.    Her mother was telling the kid she was sorry for being bad and
would not do it again.  She was telling Lana she was going to be a good slave
and do whatever she wanted from now on.

Lana finally stopped and turned around in time to see Linda standing at the door
still frozen.

"Look what just came in the door," she said, as Carol turned her head around and
saw her daughter standing there red in the face.  She tried to put her hand over
her red welt ass but did not move from the corner.

Finally Linda spoke and asked what in the world was going on.  Lana laughed and
told her that herr mother and dad has been mom and I slave for over a year while
her sweet ass was away in college.  We own them and everything they have belongs
to us. 

"Isn't that right Carol," she said, striking the older woman on the upper legs
again with the switch hard.

"Ahhhhh, yes mistress."  Carol yelled.  "Honey, your mom and dad are very bad
and are Mistress Jane and Lana slave toys."  "We have given them our home, cars,
and even ourselves for their pleasure and amusement."  "I'm very sorry."  "We
should have told you but we had an agreement to hide it till you completed your
schooling."  "We now own nothing unless our mistresses let us have anything." 
She was crying as she continued on with the pitiful details.

Lana was smiling at the same time as she slowly walked over to Linda and started
touching her breasts with her hand.  Linda stunned pushed her hands away but
Lana slapped her across the face rapidly and told her she could either join her
parents or get her ass out of the house and never come back.

Linda turned away immediately and started for the door when she realized she
didn't have a cent on her and not a friend in the world she could live with. 
She had always been rich and spoiled and had used it to her advantage for years
on others.  She slowly turned around and asked Lana in tear what she would have
to do.  What other options did she have?  She could leave but she had no money,
no job, and no friends.  She could put up with for a while till she could decide
her options.  Besides, she had slept with a girl before without her parent
knowledge and it wasn't too bad.  The spanking thing however had her scare.

Lana laughed again.  "Anything me and mom wants slut."  "And right now, I want
you to remove all your clothing and crawl back to me on your hands and knees and
kiss my feet." 

Fighting the urge to run, Linda slowly removed all her clothing except for the
panties Lana said to leave at her knees and got down on all fours and crawled to
Lana feet.  She started kissing the rut feet as Lana told her mother to waddle
over to her and look at her daughter slut.  Like mother like daughter she said
as she struck Linda ass with the switch causing her ass to leap higher up and
down. 

"Start lapping them doggie," she said, "I might let you lick my butt later."

As Linda started lapping the feet, Lana had Carol turn around and bend over. 
She was commanded to spread her ass and show her daughter her asshole and tell
her it belonged to Lana.  Lana was amused at Linda expression.  She reach down
and with one swift push stuck her finger deep within her mother ass.

"See," she said looking down at Linda, "she is such a slut like your going to be
when we get through with you."  "Amuse me with your ass slut."

Carol started moving her ass back and forth on the finger, thanking Lana for
poking her big bad ass and to please continue.  When Lana withdrew the finger,
she thanked her and turned around and started licking it to clean it.

Linda was excited from watching the action above but humiliated at the same
time.  She was lapping more in earnest as the sight was turning her on despite
her better judgement.

"If you're wondering, your dad is naked mowing our yard next door," smiled Lana
looking down, "and I'm sure mother has his butt plugged during the process." 
"She likes to watch his ass move sideways as he pushed the mower."

She slowly lower her panties and raised her sundress in front of Linda.

"Carol my ass is getting hot."  She told her.  "Get your tongue in there and
clean it now."

Carol got down on her knees behind Lana and started the task as the young girl
started rubbed her pussy in front of her daughter.

"Get on your knees and lick my cunt," she said, as Linda slowly got up on her
knees and Lana grabbed her by the hair shoving her face in her crotch before she
had the time to think about it.  Both women were working feverishly to please
the young mistress as the door opened and Jane, Linda's mother next door, walked
in.

"Glad to see you mom," Lana said, holding both women by the hair as they stopped
momentarily and then continued with their task.  "We have a new slut toy to play
with."

Jane smiled at the young girl ass sticking out before her and walked over.  She
bent down and shoved two fingers in Linda cunt, which was wiggling in excitement
and pushing back in anticipation of more.

"She has a tighter cunt than her mother does," she said smiling.  She removed
her fingers and spread the daughter ass cheeks wide.  "And a tighter ass too." 
Working a finger in slowly, she started rotated it and pushing it in and out.

"Make my daughter come on your face," cunt.  "I'm going to have lots of fun with
your ass later."

Both Carol and Linda worked desperately till the young girl climaxed on their
faces. They slowly continued awaiting their next command.

Jane pulled her finger out of Linda ass and told the young lady to crawl over to
the couch as she sat down and pulled her up and over her knee.

"Time to teach you what your mother failed to," she said, palming the lady young
rump and then reaching up started to slap the cheeks hard.  Linda at first tried
to maintain what dignity she had left by accepting the punishment but as it
continued realized that she couldn't take much more.  She had never been spanked
in her life and now she was bawling like a baby and begging for forgiveness. 
Jane continued the pounding for a little while longer calling her things like a
brat cunt, and little whore before finally stopping and rubbing her rump.

"You may now crawl to that corner and put your nose in the lowest point," she
said, slapping her cheek as she crawled towards the corner of the room and put
her nose in it with her ass sticking up. 

"Carol," she said, turning towards the mother who with Lana had been watching
and having her tits pinched and palmed, "I told you earlier today you would be
punished for not getting that spot of my pants in the wash."  "Come here
immediately."

Carol got down on all fours and crawled over to Jane expecting the same
treatment as her daughter had gotten earlier.  Her ass was already still sore
from Lana switching but knew she had little choice.  Jane made her get on her
back on the floor and lift her legs high in the air.  She grabbed both legs and
put them over one knee and under the other so she was upside down looking up at
her already dripping cunt  exposed for her pleasure.  Jane asked Lane to get a
black paddle from the closet and as it arrived started spanking her large ass
with it as the mother begged to serve her every need.

Lana meanwhile had gone to Linda and was sticking her nose in the corner and
started putting her toe in her ass and asking her to tell it whom it belong to. 
Linda was wiggling her ass with each onslaught of the toe and offering her ass
to the young girl for her pleasure. 

"I think it's time we had a little pony ride," Jane said, pushing Carol off her
knees on the floor.  Carol yelled as her ass hit the carpet but immediately got
back up on all fours.  Lana jumped on Linda back and pulling her hair up told
her to crawl around the room while her mother got on Carol back.  Both ladies
groped their slave's sore asses as they crawled around and rubbed their tits. 
Their panties had came off during the process as they were led back and told to
pick them up in their mouths.  After two rounds in the room, they got off and
had them get flat on the floor face down and stay there.  They both went to sit
on the couch and talked about how they were going to use the slut daughter in
their plans for the future.  Lana already had her clothes at home and was
anxious to what new items she brought her.  Jane suggested she could have the
car too and have her wash and wax it for her regularly.  Seeing the slaves
clenching their ass cheeks on the floor, they warned both of them to quit trying
to rub their cunts.

As they started talking again, the door open and Paul the father entered the
room. He was dripping in sweat, naked, and butts sore in back from the wear of
the plug.  As he entered, he stopped and looked down on his wife and daughter
flat on the carpet as they looked up at him and his raging cock sticking out.

"Come and join the crowd," said Jane, laughing at his stone face image.  She got
up and grabbed him by his cock in front of his wife and daughter.

"Tell your daughter what this is Bill," she said.

Bill, red in the face, told Linda that his cock was a boy toy for Jane and Lana
amusement and was never allow to come without permission.  Jane seeing it was
hard and the look of excitement in his daughter eyes, told Carol to come over.

"Carol boy toy cock is hard." She said stroking the hard member.  "Let's show
Linda how we make it smaller so we can play with it."

With that she grabbed Bill's plug in back and started moving it in and out his
ass while stoking his cock up and down.  Carol meanwhile had gotten on her hands
and knees with her face only inches from it and her mouth open.  Bill came hard
shouting his cum all over his wife face.  Jane slapped his ass a couple of times
real hard and told him to go upstairs and take a shower and report down in 10
minutes.  She had Carol get up and fix a meal in the kitchen for them.  Lana
giggling was following Bill up the stairs slapping his ass and telling him to
hurry, she wanted some fun before meal.

Jane sat back on the couch and had Linda come to her and sit in her lap like a
baby with her ass sticking out from over her knee.

"Suck my tits while mommy tell you what to expect," she said, fingering her ass
while she sucked her huge globes.

Linda was rocking back and forth on Jane finger as she continued to probe her
ass.  She was sucking each tit as if it was the best thing she had ever tasted
as Jane was calling her little slut toy and a whore like her mother.  When Carol
finally arrived in the room to announce the dinner, Jane called her to sit
behind her daughter and took her finger from Linda ass and shoved it in her
mouth.

"Be sure to lick your daughter ass clean."  She commanded.  "She's such a slut
like you."

Linda was in ecstasy licking Jane's large breasts while her mother was tonguing
her ass.  She couldn't take it much longer and tried to rub her pussy, when Jane
slapped her hard on her tits.

"Slaves are not allowed to come without permission," she said.  "You will be
punished before we eat."  Here comes Lana now with daddy slut.  "Lana do you
want to punish Linda for playing with her pussy while Carol puts her slutty face
to use on my cunt?"

Linda looked back to see Lana walking her dad naked into the living room with
him wearing a pair of her see through lace panties.  His cock was sticking
straight out with a large wet spot in front.  Leaving him standing there, she
walked over to Linda and grabbed her ear lifting her off Jane lap while Carol
crawled forward to start lapping the hairy cunt.  She pulled her to the center
of the room and then made her d bend over and spread her ass wide.  A few slaps
on her round ass and Linda ass was spread to the max with her asshole poking
out.

"Stand their cunt," she said and walked to a cabinet and picked up a cattail
whip and return to stand behind the scared Linda.  Taking aim she drew back and
hit Linda on the asshole as hard as she could making her jump forward two feet
and almost fell.  Releasing her ass in the process, Lana told her to resume the
position and that one wouldn't count since she moved.  Linda resume position
crying and begging for mercy, but Lana took aim again and hit with the same
force.  After 6 hits, Linda was crying like a baby and begging to do anything
she wanted if she would only stop.  Lana grabbed her by the ear again and pulled
her forward in front of her dad.

"Shove your cock in your slut's mouth and don't come without my permission or
you'll get the same."  She warned.

She grabbed the front of his panties pulling them down, grabbing his cock and
forcing it in Linda mouth.  A few slaps on Linda ass had her bobbing her on the
cock while maintaining her ass spread on demand.

Lana laughed as the father couldn't stand it anymore and came in Linda mouth. 
She told him he would be punished later tonight as Linda kept sucking his cock
till Lana told her to stop.

Jane, meanwhile, had cum on Carol face and had her get on all fours and crawl to
the kitchen.  Linda and her dad were instructed to do the same and both
mistresses followed probing each of them in the ass with their foot to hurry
them along.

"I have some plans for today's activities," Lana said as kicking crying Linda
hard up her ass.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





