BDSM Library - A Flat Surprise




A Flat Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Liz has enjoyed a thrilling online relationship with her Master for the past year. Now at last he is coming to visit her during his vacation.A large box is delivered to Liz prior to his arrival with instructions for Liz not to open it. Liz finds that the box is not the only surprise for her that day as reality takes control of events in the middle of a scene Master has setup for her.A Flat Surprise
By Fantazmaster
Liz nervously picked up the phone,hoping this was the
  call she had been waiting for as she said hello,the
  deep resonant voice on the other end sent waves of
  pleasure and anticipation through
  her very soul as she heard her Master's voice
  intone&quot;Hi there
  my pet,I just got off the plane and will heading your
  way
  after I claim my bag and pickup the rental car.&quot;
  Breathlessly she giggles in delight&quot;Oh my god,I can't
  believe it, you are actually here!Somehow I was afraid
  this was all a dream and that I'd wake up and find
  that you weren't coming at all.&quot;Master replied&quot;well I
  guess I will need to pinch you,that way we will both
  know its not a dream!&quot; then he asked &quot;Have you been
  good and not opened the box yet?&quot; .Liz 's eye shot to the
  Fedex box that had arrived the day before ,his e-mail
  instructions to her was to not open the box until he
  instructed her to&quot;Yes,I have been real good,now I
  picked it up and shook it a few times,but no I haven't
  opened it yet.Can I open it now?
  I am dying to see what's in it.&quot; Master replied&quot;Ah
  anticipation!
  Isn't it soooo sweet.No don't open it just yet ,I am
  going to call you about 20 minutes before I get
  there.Lets see right when I get off Exit 81,your
  directions say it's about 20 minutes to your place
  from there ,so I'll call from there.Then open it and
  follow the instructions included.We are going to be
  undisturbed
  aren't we?&quot;Liz sighed &quot;Well,I have a call from work
  that will be coming in about the time you arrive or
  just afterwards and I'll have to take that and go over
  one or two things with the lady that's covering for
  me,but beyond that we should be undisturbed
  for a whole week.&quot;
After the phone call, Liz looks over the box again and
  as she does she reflects back on the year and all the
  online adventures
  she has had with Master during that time and his
  innate ability to totally surprise her .The box is the
  latest in an unending series of surprises that had
  turned her into a real anticipation
  addict as he was always so creative with his ideas and
  scenes,
  despite the restrictions of an online relationship.A
  twinge of pleasure welled up as she recalled her last
  birthday and Master had contacted a local munch group
  and arranged a &quot;Dial-A Spanking&quot; for her,well and
  skillfully delivered, with a few of these members
  providing a singing accompaniment to the celebratory
  whacks.
Finally the phone rings again and Master indicates he
  has just exited the Interstate and instructs her to
  open the box and then carefully read the printed
  instructions and follow them to the letter as he has
  very carefully planned this out for their first in
  person meeting.
Liz eagerly opens the box and as she unpacks it her
  heart races
  She unpacks the black leather blindfold, the
  adjustable and locking wrist and ankle cuffs, each
  with a metal loop securely bradded to the outside and
  the four odd looking C-Clamp like devices .She then
  unfolds the printed instructions and gasps
  at the drawing at the top of the page of totally naked
  female spread eagled and face down on a bed with the
  same type cuffs holding her firmly in place. His
  instructions tell her to first go unlock the
  front door, then strip totally naked. Then secure each
  of the special C-Clamps to each post of the bed, these
  he writes are designed with a spring like mechanism
  that will grab each metal loop on each wrist and ankle
  strap once inserted and secure the metal loop in
  place. Once the C-clamps are in place, secure and lock
  the cuffs around each ankle and wrist cuffs and then
  with the blindfold get on the bed and secure each
  ankle. Put the blindfold on and secure it firmly in
  place. He indicates it may take a bit of navigating
  but you should be able to get each wrist secured to
  each side despite the blindfold being in place.
Liz heads to the front door and unlocks it, then as
  she is carrying the box with all its contents to the
  bedroom ,she grabs the cordless phone, hoping Master
  will hold it to her ear should the call come in while
  she is so well secured and praying she doesn't have to
  take notes of any type.
She easily fits and tightens the special C-clamps to
  each bedpost and then with a feeling of real eroticism
  strips down and then snugly dons and locks each cuff
  around her ankles and wrists. Placing the cordless
  phone on the bedside table, she then gets on the bed
  with blindfold in hand and with some maneuvering hears
  a loud, solid click as each metal loop on each ankle
  cuff is secured. Liz then puts on the blindfold and
  tightens it in place, leaving her in total darkness so
  thick is the heavy leather of this blindfold. Then she
  begins with her left wrist and soon hears the solid
  click as the loop is secured, a few moments later the
  right side is also secured.
In total darkness Liz thoughts begin to race as she
  thinks of all the things Master has planned for her
  and has talked about for the past month. She becomes
  wet with anticipation as she thinks of all the
  fantasies he wants to act out and the promise of an
  orgasm denial session ,that in Master's words, could
  go on for several days and ultimately would be so
  intense that she'd be agreeing to do things she would
  never even consider beforehand.
Her reverie is broken by the creak of the front door
  opening
  And her pulse pounds as she hears heavy footsteps
  slowly make their way to the bedroom. Then the
  footsteps stop beside the bed and Liz hears his
  breathing as he moves closer. Strong hands then begin
  to fondle and rub her all over and then she feels him
  shift to the foot of the bed and she tenses knowing he
  will take her anally.She gasps with a shriek and her
  first thought is &quot;My God,he is huge!&quot; as he forces his
  way inwards.
  Just then the phone rings and she says&quot; Sorry Master,
  that's the office can you hold the phone to my ear. I
  will hurry I promise.&quot;
  She then feels the phone by her ear and he clicks the
  answer button for her, but remains well inside her
  without thrusting.
Liz answers &quot;Hello&quot; and then she hears &quot;Liz, it's
  Master glad you can still answer the phone ,I had a
  flat tire and it'll be another hour before I get
  there&quot; Liz screams &quot;But Master!WHO?
  OMG!NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.................
Chapter 2
Liz's feelings of shock and total helplessness from
  the stranger's assault is further reinforced as the
  phone is quickly snatched away from her ear and he
  continues thrusting away
  at her from the rear. Struggling to work free of the
  cuffs she finds, these are of a very high quality and
  that no matter how hard she tries,the cuffs hold her
  wrists and ankles
  in place as they were well designed to do. Her screams
  are silenced as the stranger stops his assault long
  enough to tie a
  some sort of cloth gag over her mouth. Finally she
  feels him withdraw from her, giving her at least a
  small relief from the discomfort of his assault. Her
  mind races as rapidly as her heart
  and a million questions race through her mind &quot;Will he
  leave now? Will Master get here in time to kick this
  guy's ass? What else will he do to me? Why me? What's
  he doing now?&quot;

Her reverie of thoughts are broken and her last
  question answered as she hears the stranger rummaging
  through her drawers then the closet, then she panics
  again as she hears the metallic clink and rattle of
  chains&quot;OH MY GOD. He found my toy bag!&quot; and she
  shudders at the thought of all the various things
  inside the toy bag, which contains all the things
  Master had sent her over the course of their
  relationship for the many and varied scenes she had
  done in for him front of her webcam .
&quot;Maybe he won't know what this toy bag is.&quot; Liz thinks
  to herself, but this hopeful thought is quickly
  dissolved as she feels the coldness of the metal
  collar being placed around
  her neck and then with a solid click the built-in
  collar lock engages. Then she hears the rattle of a
  chain leash as this is snapped in place to a ring on
  the front of the collar.
  A slight tug on the collar and a click and she
  envisio.ns that the leash is secured on the other end
  to the bed in some way. Then he speaks for the first
  time, the voice and the words again sending her heart
  pulsing&quot; I am going to turn you over now&quot; he says with
  an evil laugh, the voice so deep and menacing
  with a slight mechanical inflection, yet somewhere a
  voice she has had heard before&quot; But where? &quot;Liz
  ponders.Liz, being a well endowed brunette, had had
  her share of stalkers, peeping toms and the like over
  the years, but this voice didn't fit any of these, But
&quot;more like an everyday voice&quot; she thinks&quot; but not
  quite.&quot;
She feels the cuffs holding her left ankle and wrist
  being released and then the right side is also
  released, all the while as each is released the firm
  hand of the stranger holds onto her. He then orders
  her on her back and gain all four cuffs are put in
  place, leaving her spread eagled and totally exposed
  to the stranger's gaze and attention. The blindfold
  only adds to this feeling of total exposure as she has
  no idea what he is looking at or what he is going to
  do next.
Then she hears him walk into the hall and she strains
  to hear what is apparently a phone conversation .He
  then starts back down the hall and she hears &quot;Yeah,
  hangon l am going to use the camera on my phone, let
  you see what I got here.&quot; She hears him punching
  buttons on the phone as he walks about the room and
  thinks&quot;Pictures! Like this? Who are they being sent to
  and why?&quot; After a few minutes, he resumes talking to
  the other party &quot;Alright how much? Really? Ok, tell
  them they got a deal. Then you are going to need to
  bring the van here and we can get her there in no
  time. Ok, here's the address.
  Now get moving we don't have a lot time, she's got a
  boyfriend or something that's getting a flat fixed. So
  move your ass! I'll have her ready to go, don't
  worry.&quot;
Ending the phone call, the stranger begins to release
  Liz from the cuffs again and has her to stand up, then
  resorting to the toy bag again he places her wrists
  together and locks the two cuff rings together, a
  small 24&quot;chain from the toy bag is attached and locked
  to each ankle cuff ring .Then unlocking the leash end
  secured to the bed he leads Liz out of the bedroom and
  out into the hall ,Liz can only manage short shuffling
  steps due to the chain attached to the ankle cuffs.
  Then after numerous small steps he orders her to sit
  and as she does
  guided by his holding her, she feels herself on the
  bare floor of the kitchen near the backdoor. After
  what seemed hours to her
  She hears a knock at the front door &quot;Master! Is here!&quot;
  but her hopes are quickly dashed as yet another
  strange voice engages the stranger in conversation for
  a moment, then she hears the front door close again. A
  moment later she hears the rumble of a truck engine
  and then the back door being opened
  as the truck is backed to the small porch by the back
  door. The
  stranger orders her to stand and she is led down the
  back steps and into the inside of the truck , as her
  bare feet feel the rough wood of the floor and the
  smell of diesel assails her nostrils. The stranger
  guides her to one side of the truck and orders her to
  sit, as she does he secures a strap about her
  midsection and locks this in place, then straps each
  ankle in place ,then the chain leash is locked in
  place .Then she hears the clang of a door being rolled
  down and latched in place with the rattling of a lock
  being placed into the latch of the truck .Moments
  later she feels the truck move and realizes she has
  never felt so totally out of control but struggles at
  the twinge of pleasure that has welled up inside
  her.The truck's motion soon steadies as it seems to be
  on a straighter stretch of road and with her mind
  still filled with an odd mixture of fear,loathing of
  what's next for her and an out of place dash of odd
  pleasure
  ,Liz soon falls victim to the steady drone of the
  truck engine and drifts off to sleep.
Liz is quickly brought back to full wakefulness as the
  truck stops its steady roar and then seems to slow to
  a crawl. The engine is shutoff and moments later, Liz
  hears the lock being removed from the door latch,
  followed by the rumble of the door being rolled up and
  opened. Still blindfolded, she strains to hear all she
  can to determine where she is. Then she feels her
  ankle cuffs being released, with the waist belt also
  being unlocked. Then after another click is heard she
  is ordered to stand up, with a strong hand steadying
  and guiding her. After a few steps .the stranger tells
  her to take a step down and then another, then he
  orders her to stop and she hears the truck door being
  rolled down, its echo suggesting that she is in some
  sort of enclosed area like a garage. The stranger then
  tugs on her chain leash and orders her to walk
  forward, the pressure from the leash guiding her
  straight forward, she tries to keep up a steady pace
  despite the short chain that connects the two ankle
  cuffs, which only allow her half steps. Another order
  to halt comes from the stranger, and then she hears a
  series of beeps
  followed by the rattle of keys and the click of
  several locks being unlocked, finally the creak of a
  heavy metal door is heard and he orders her forward
  again. After a few steps, he orders another halt as he
  locks the locks back to their locked position.
This process is repeated four times after long
  stretches of walking down what seems to be a long
  corridor and Liz has a sense of foreboding, as each
  door being unlocked, then locked
  increases her feelings of being unable to escape her
  fate in this place. Another order to stop is given to
  her and the stranger knocks on a door, which promptly
  opens and a female voice says &quot;Lets have a look at
  her&quot; as she is led into a room of some sort as she
  feels carpet beneath her feet and hears the hum of a
  computer and other office sounds. The stranger says&quot;
  Take a look and believe it or not this one was all
  ready for me. See these cuffs she has on?Damnedst
  thing I have ever seen, face down and well secured.&quot;
  .The female voice speaks
  After a few moments of silence &quot;Were you out shaking
  locks again?&quot; to which the stranger replies &quot;Ah, well
  ,no not ..,ah.........really,just happened to ah um well
  you know&quot; starting to reform his reply the female cuts
  him off &quot;Never mind how you found her, all I know is
  we didn't have to wait
  the usual year or so to get her in the shape they
  want,this one looks like she has been living at the
  health club.&quot;
Liz tries to comprehend all this and starts to ask a
  question but the gag is still in place and she can
  only manage a few &quot;mmmmmphs&quot;.The female says&quot;Let me
  call down to prep and see if they have room for
  her,with any luck she can ready for tonight's event!&quot;
  .&quot;Tonight's event?&quot; Liz plays the words in her mind
&quot;What event?What kind?Who is this &quot;they&quot; and why are
  they so interested in my fitness?&quot; Her thoughts send
  her heart racing again as she ponders what may be
  about to happen.She listens as the female picks up the
  phone and says&quot;Hi there,got room for another down
  there?Yes of course, the works and I want this one to
  really standout.But you got a nice package to work
  with.All right,she'll be right here.&quot; She hangs the
  phone up and then says &quot;Ok,lets see,count this and see
  if this is what we agreed on.&quot;,Liz then hears the
  shuffle of bills being counted
  and after several stacks are counted Liz hears the
  stranger say &quot;Just as we agreed and nice doing
  business with you.&quot;.The female says &quot;Well keep in
  touch,many more like this and you can stop the lock
  shaking and be out of the burgulary business for
  good.&quot;With that the door opens and closes and Liz is
  left standing in place.
Finally the door opens again and a different male
  voice says &quot;Come along now,we have to hurry.&quot; A firm
  tug on her chain leash and another trip down what
  seems to be another long corridor. Then another order
  to halt and Liz hears the rattle of keys and then a
  metal gate being opened. The new voice orders her to
  step forward, then the whir and a stomach losing
  motion tells her she is on an elevator heading down.
  The elevator stops and another gate is unlocked and
  opened and Liz is ordered to walk forward and like the
  other floor above a series of gates with multiple
  locks are opened and closed. Finally the new voice
  says &quot;Here we are&quot; and a heavy metal door is opened
  and Liz is led into yet another room. As she enters
  her nostrils are filled with the scents and feel of a
  sauna,with the scents of new leather and tanning pil
  mixed in.&quot;Almost like a spa.&quot; as Liz sorts through the
  scents in her mind. Her new handler guides her into
  the room the placing his hand on her hips from behind
  he guides her to a certain spot in the room and then
  she is ordered to stay still,she then feels the ankle
  cuffs being cutoff her ankles,
  each cuff hitting the floor following the metallic
  snap of some sort of cutting device as the cutting
  edges meet to remove these cuffs.Her ankles feel the
  cool air of exposure on them
  but in moments she feels new cuffs being put in their
  place,
  followed by an order for her to spread her feet apart
  as far as she can .Once this is done she feels hears
  the rapid clicking of ratchets and both cuffs starting
  to pull her feet and ankles outwards to the left and
  right .Just as Liz feels like whatever is pulling on
  her cuffs in opposite directions is going to split her
  in two,the ratchets stop their clicking ,then are
  reversed and the tension is lessened but by only a few
  clicks on each ankle.Her wrist cuffs are removed next
  with the same cutting device and as the cuffs fall
  away strong hands grasp both her wrists and hold them
  in place as another pair of hands encase her wrists
  and a few inches of forearm above the wrist in some
  sort of heavy leather restraint,which is tightened in
  place by what feels like to Liz a series of three
  straps ,tightly buckled in place on each wrist.Liz
  wiggles her fingers and finds part of this restraint
  extends from her wrist enclosing her palms, ending a
  few inches beyond her fingers ,yet she discovers this
  extension only surrounds 3/4 of the way around each
  hand, leaving the tops of her hands and fingers
  Exposed. Liz
  Is not given time to ponder this new restraint and
  it's design
  as each wrist and arm is guided in place by strong
  pairs of hands, as each hold an arm at a 45 degree
  angle extending upwards. Liz feels something being
  attached to each of these restraints and suddenly the
  click of ratchets start their rapid clicking and she
  feels, in each arm, the restraints being clicked
  tighter, Just as the pain of being stretched by these
  Two ratchets becomes unbearable, she tries to scream
  in protest and the gag again comes into play
  .Mercifully, whoever is controlling this stretching
  motion, again loosens the tension slightly by a few
  clicks of each ratchet and Liz finds that the tension
  is uncomfortable but bearable as her hands can now
  rest on the taut chains attached to her wrist
  restraints. She finds that contracting the muscles in
  her butt, she gets some relief from the tension on her
  ankles as well.
Her unseen handlers continue with their work as she
  feels her collar being unlocked and removed,followed
  by the improvised gag ,as the gag is removed she is
  told that she is not allowed to talk by a deep male
  voice. Finally the blindfold ,which has done its job
  too well these past hours is removed. Liz opens her
  eyes in a series of blinks, as her eyes adjust to the
  bright lights that illuminate the room she is
  in. Looking around Liz thinks &quot;OH MY GOD!What have I
  gotten into here?&quot; and then thinks &quot;I wish they hadn't
taken the damn blindfold off!&quot;
Chapter 3:
Her mind tries to comprehend the scene before her as she looks around the
  dungeon-like, windowless room that she is in .The room appears to be about
  twenty feet wide by twenty feet long with a low eight foot ceiling. The bright
  lights overhead contrast and highlight the dark gray bricks lining the walls
  as well as the floor of dark marble. The only opening is a very solid looking
  metal door with what appears to be four very solid locks. There is also a keypad
  of some sort mounted on the wall to the left of the door's knob. As if the
  room itself were not intimidating enough, Liz's view of the room's occupants
  has her straining against her restraints and desperately trying to get loose
  from their unforgiving hold on her. Looking to her right and left, she sees
  two women, both totally naked and secured in the same restraints she herself
  is in. 
The woman on her left, Liz notes, is a fairly tall, full-bodied woman, with
  a mane of shoulder-length honey blonde hair. She has very large breasts, which
  appear to be quite firm as they stand out from a very well conditioned, flat
  abdomen. There is no hint of sag to them. Also taking notice of the woman's
  firm, well-toned legs, Liz thinks to herself, &quot;She must teach aerobics
  with that body!&quot; 
The Brunette woman on the right is a real contrast to the Honey Blonde as
  this woman is at least six feet tall, with very long legs and arms. Liz notes
  how thin this woman is as the tension from the restraints has her hipbones
  and ribs pressing outwards against her pale skin. Her dark, over-sized nipples
  appear well out of proportion with the size of her lemon-sized breasts. Liz
  thinks to herself, &ldquo;My God, she looks like a soccer mom! How did she
  get here?&quot; 
Liz watches in shocked but rapt fascination as several folks continue what
  she assumes are the preparations she heard reference to earlier. She watches
  as a woman finishes the most delicate part of shaving the last remnants of
  the Honey Blonde's pubic hair with what looks like a straight razor. The Honey
  Blonde is staring upwards at the ceiling with her lovely face registering embarrassment,
  humiliation, and resignation, as her last shreds of dignity are being removed
  with the razor's strokes. The Brunette is having her entire body rubbed down
  in a thick layer of some sort of oil by a man standing behind her. As he applies
  this oil, Liz notes the Brunette's pale, almost translucent skin flushing to
  a reddish tone, almost bordering on the red from early sunburn. 
A phone on the back wall behind Liz rings and the woman stops her shaving
  on the Honey Blonde and answers it. Liz hears her say, &ldquo;Ok, we'll be
  there in a minute&rdquo;. As she hangs up, she says to the man applying the
  oil to the Brunette &quot;They need us downstairs; looks they have one that's
  not behaving&rdquo;. 
The man wordlessly wipes his hands on a towel, then walks over, and goes through
  the sequence to unlock the door, entering a code on the keypad. After unlocking
  the conventional locks, the door swings open, and then the door locks back
  in place. 
Liz asks &quot;What is this place, what are they doing here?&rdquo; The Honey
  Blonde turns and says, &quot;You mean you don't know? What did you just arrive
  here or something?&rdquo; Liz then relates her trip in the truck with the blindfold
  and the circumstances of the stranger walking in on her scene preparations. &quot;Well
  dear, this is no fantasy and no scene&quot; said the Brunette. Then she continued,
  confirming Liz's suspicions, still the words send a shock through her system, &quot;You
  are in the hands of a very well-organized network of white slave traders and
  all three of us will be auctioned off in just a few hours!&rdquo; Liz absorbs
  this information for a minute as reality sets in, then she asks &quot;But how
  did you two wind up here?&quot; 
The Honey Blonde begins first, &quot;Well, my husband and I got a divorce
  and my job with a big corporation simply didn't allow me much of a social life.
  What time I did have for this I devoted to chatting on the Internet and, after
  a few months, I started talking to this man who was absolutely captivating
  to me .One thing I really found wonderful is that no matter what time of day
  or night I came online he was there as if waiting for me. 
  Pretty soon, he had my home address and the cards, flowers and other gifts
  started showing up. Then he sent me a Membership card to a health club, one
  of those nationwide chains that I could use at home or while traveling. No
  matter which club I went to, I had a personal trainer at each location and
  they all had access to my workout plan. Well he kept praising me as I would
  do these workouts and the pictures I would send him always brought back comments
  about how good I looked and how well I was doing with the workouts. Then he
  really sank the hook in when he started talking about me going with him on
  a two-week cruise to Hawaii. A few days later, a package arrived with a Cruise
  Brochure, along with a bikini that was about two sizes too small for me. He
  told me online that as soon as I could fit into that bikini, we would go on
  the cruise. So I stepped up my workouts to six per week and told the trainers
  what I was trying to do. Finally, the bikini fit me after five weeks of workouts
  and a no-carb diet. He told me he could not leave for a few days and invited
  me to and stay with him until he could leave. He sent me a plane ticket. I
  went to sleep at his place last night and woke up in here.&quot; She paused
  and sighed, &quot;You know, he kept getting me excited talking about the first
  night on the cruise, how he was going to give me an all night fuck...shit,
  I guess I'll get that.&quot;
The Brunette then says, &quot;With me, it was a bit different but I was also
  lured in and not as pleasantly. I was married to the Executive Vice President
  of a very well established commercial bank and while his job paid very well,
  he was gone all the time at either the office or traveling. I got lonely and
  bored and started gaining weight; I guess trading food for affection. 
&quot;When I got up to 210 pounds, I went on the net and started chatting
  with other women trying to lose weight as well and several told me about this
  man that had a very effective program using hypnosis. I got in touch with him
  via e-mail and soon he and I started these sessions, where he found I was easily
  hypnotized. Soon he had me going to the health club I belonged to, but had
  not used in over 2 years. When I would go to this club, it seemed odd but I
  knew exactly what machines to workout on and for how long. It was almost as
  if I was programmed for these workouts. After several weeks of this, He convinced
  me to take my clothes off for him in front of a webcam. It surprised me, but
  this got me hot and excited, as he was so thrilling with his comments. Soon,
  I was getting off for him on camera and these orgasms were huge and so intense
  I really got addicted to them. He then asked me one day if I'd like comments
  from others and told me about a website where he could post my pictures and
  the site visitors could leave their comments .Reluctantly, I said yes, but
  inwardly I was thrilled at the idea. The next day he posted the photos and
  the comments started pouring in, with some leaving voice messages and others
  posting written comments. I was coming while I read and listened to these,
  knowing all these different men were talking about me. As I lost more weight,
  the comments kept coming in and encouraging me to lose more. 
&quot;Pretty soon I was down to 112 pounds and still loving all the attention,
  but one evening my husband came home early and said nothing when he came in.
  Instead, he went to the room with the computer, logged on, and then asked me
  to come back there. There, on the computer, was my part of the site with all
  my pictures and he was pissed! He then announced it was time for a divorce
  and that he would see his attorney the following week. I was crushed. Then,
  when I told the Hypno guy what happened, he was so sympathetic and asked if
  I'd like to come visit him for a few days and that maybe my husband would cool
  down by then. Desperate, I told him yes and he sent me a plane ticket and after
  going to sleep last night at his place, I too I wound up here.&quot; 
Liz then asks, &quot;But why all the efforts? All the focus on fitness? And
  who, supposedly, will we be sold to?&quot; 
The Honey Blonde replies, &quot;Well, I haven't learned much since I was brought
  here, but several others like us have told me when they could, that these folks
  sell to people like buyers for Middle Eastern Harems, then there are these
  high end prostitution operations, along with some folks that operate several
  pay-for-pain commercial dungeons. This was scary, as the women that wind up
  in these can be rented by the hour and taken to various torture rooms. One
  told me there are also some folks who do custom videos. Apparently, a customer
  who has lots of money can pretty much order whatever type video he or she wants.&quot; 
The Brunette adds, &quot;Well, I have been told by several others that there
  are also buyers, called slave brokers, who represent well-to-do couples looking
  for a third, and wealthy lesbians looking for a private plaything. Plus they
  get orders from their clients for a particular type of woman ...&quot; Then
  just as she is about to continue, the sound of the door being unlocked causes
  all three women to fall silent, then expecting the man and woman to return,
  all three woman gasp collectively as the door opens .... 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fantazmaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





