BDSM Library - Making Rena Do The Unreasonable




Making Rena Do The Unreasonable
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Years after the voluptuous Rena taunted me as a young teenager, I return and she inadvertently gives me the  chance to get my own back and my cock into her, whether she likes it or not.
I never used to like Rena when I was a kid. She always used to embarass me by
being really forward. She would pretend to flirt just to wind me up, enjoying
seeing a thirteen year old squirm. She would bend over provocatively, shaking
her tightly-skirted and shapely rear at me. She would let me see glimpses of her
huge cleavage.

Occasionally she would pat me on the bottom as she walked past, on the way to
somewhere to yap endlessly with my Mum, who is her best friend. I would have
liked to slap her back, but that would not have looked very good. One time she
walked straight into the bathroom when I was showering; I was aghast, but Rena
dismissed my protests - the protests of a young teenager who was just becoming
aware of his own body.

"I've seen it all" she quipped "You haven't got anything I haven't seen."

Rena enjoyed showing herself off, and had been a local glamour queen in her
prime; it had been years before. She knew full well that all the boys had
fancied her when she was a teenager, and had never got out of the habit of being
vain and self-centred. Now she was much older but no less sure of her own sexual
presence. But she was also too dismissive of mine, just at that pivotal time
when it mattered.

"When you grow up you'll have a nice big cock" she said to me as I cowered
behind the shower curtain "And you'll make some lucky girl a lovely boyfriend.
Your Mum knows how to bring her boys up to be nice and polite".

Too right. Although I was fuming, I couldn't say a word against her, then or
later.



By the time I was 18 and leaving home, I had developed a quite serious hate
complex about her, along with a strong desire to meet someone else the same
shape.

You see, despite this I came to realise (during my late teens) that she had one
heck of a body.  Do you know what Loni Anderson looks like? Or maybe Helen
Mirren? Imagine a cross between these two, but with truly immense tits. Quite a
few of my Dad's friends would make jokes about her gigantic breasts and bleached
hair - "Village tart" jokes. Rena's husband, Bob, had to bear the brunt of these
jokes, and some of my Dad's friends had a pretty negative attitude to him
because of Rena's showy and brassy personality. It wasn't his fault.

Rena was suspected of putting it about behind Bob's back. Nobody seemed to know
if these tales were true, and nobody would admit to having had any "improper"
involvement; but the stories went around. Did people know what a slut she is?
Did people know what a good cocksucker she is? Did people know that she likes
her nipples squeezed really hard? These were probably just stories... but I
didn't really know. I was too young and naive.

But i could imagine them to be true, and I could imagine Rena with a stranger's
cock in her mouth, her whopping great tits being manhandled as she gave in to
the insatiable sex drive and lack of willpower that I imagined that she might
have. Rena obviously tried hard to remain as pretty and attractive as possible
as the years rolled by, and I liked to surmise that it was because she liked the
attention of all and sundry men that happen to see her passing in the street,
that she consciously enjoyed the idea of the hardening cocks in the many
trousers she walked by.

I grew very uncomfortable around Rena. She was 45 when I was 18, and a very good
friend of my mother. So I couldn't avoid her and I couldn't insult her.

After I left home to go to University, I would occasionally visit my mum,
though, as I was living in a city only 75 miles away. During these times I would
faintly imagine "getting my own back" by emabarassing her! But how? I didn't
have any idea.



The years came and went. I did well in my career and started to earn serious
money, but life wasn't all roses. I had difficulty finding girlfriends. Well,
finding the kind I had progressively learned to appreciate most - the kind with
really big tits. Not large, you understand, or really large, double D whoppers.
No, I wanted enormous tits to hold. So I made do with what I could find.



My father died when I was in my mid-thirties. Mum grew lonely and when I
visited, she would always, always have a friend visiting - practically every
day, just to chat away, just for company. Usually Rena. She understood Mum's
situation - her own husband Bob had died the previous year. And by then, she
lived in the house opposite my mother's.



Day 1.

So when I was visiting on the week after my 38th birthday I wasn't at all
surprised to see Rena chatting away to Mum in the kitchen. Still bleaching her
hair, I noticed, although these days the blond dye was starting to be there to
cover the grey hairs on her 65-year-old head. Still immaculately styled, if not
in a modern way.

Mum had been baking, and the oven was full of her great cakes and things. These
days, Rena's enormous tits were no longer the perky, jutting zeppelins of the
early 1980s, but were still huge. Her bra was still making a good job of showing
them off and she was still wearing those tight sweaters, although the rest of
her dress sense had aged away. The heat of the kitchen was making Rena sweat
quite a bit and that sweater - a rather dated girly pink colour that didn't look
too out of place over her white trousers - was sticking to her quite noticeably.
If only my girlfriends had tits like that, I mused. Only younger.



My Mum had a sudden start when she realised that she absolutely had to get down
to the Post Office RIGHT NOW to send a parcel back, a mail-order package she was
returning... today was the return deadline. Could Rena stay here while she
nipped out for just an hour? Of course she could. An hour, my ass, I thought. As
soon as she gets talking to whoever she bumps into she'll be out until it's
dark. Still, Rena knew this - they'd been friends for decades - and she didn't
mind running the kitchen for the rest of the day. Just taking stuff out of the
oven now isn't it?



Mum had only been gone for 10 minutes when Rena called me through into the
kitchen. "Could we talk?" she asked. What on earth could we have to talk about,
I wondered? Still, I agreed. This woman was practically family, so I'd hear her
out if only to keep her sweet for my Mum's support.

"I'm in terrible trouble" she began. "Since Bob died, I have been short of
money, and it has now completely run out. I can't afford the mortgage payments,
and I'm three months behind. Another month and the bank will take the house
away. I'm completely stuck!". Her kids, all five of them (!) were all in pretty
poor-paying dead-end jobs, so she obviously had had no joy there. I couldn't
believe she had asked me, though, of all people. The only reason could be that
she must know that I could spare the kind of cash to pay her mortgage easily.
"I'll pay you back... err, somehow.." she pleaded, her voice tailing off. She
was crying, so she turned away and started to unload the last cake from the oven
so that she could face away from me and hide her tears. I suddenly realised that
this must be a very hard thing for her to ask, and she must be at the end of her
tether. I handed her a tissue as she turned off the oven and I took hold of her
shoulders - she is a full twelve inches shorter than me in her flat shoes - and
turned her back to face me. I had a sudden flash of extremely daring
inspiration.



"Now Rena. When I was little you used to taunt me, but I don't hold a grudge.
I'll cover your mortgage payments if you do something for me."

"Sure, I can do anything you need - ironing, washing - maybe clean your house?
Your mother always said you need a housekeeper's attention in that bachelor
apartment of yours".

"Yes, I know" I continued.  But I want quite a bit more than that."

"Well I can't afford any repayments to you... not for a while, really..."

"Rena, listen. I am going to ask you to do something. You can say no, and we'll
never talk of it again. If you say yes, we can make an arrangement that will
cover your mortgage for as long as you want it to."

"I've got four years' payments to go though. That's thousands... what on earth
can I do?"

So I prepared to spell it out to her, readying myself for her inevitable shocked
expression.

"Rena, I will tell you - but you might not like it. Come into the lounge and sit
down.'

I propelled her into the front room of the house - she didn't notice my hand on
one of her buttocks for the first time - and sat in a chair which faced the
street so I could see anyone - like my mother - coming up to the house. "Sit
facing me Rena, and take off your sweater and your shoes, then your trousers. I
want you sitting in your underwear".

"What? My underwear? What...?"

"Don't start arguing Rena. Just do it, or go back in the kitchen and you won't
have to speak to me again this visit."

"Oh..." she replied meekly. Then she reached down and pulled off one shoe. She
looked up at me, and I smiled at her as disarmingly as I could. She flipped her
other shoe off with her bare toes, and then in one movement sat and pulled her
sweater over her head, leaving her ash-blond dyed hair in a bit of a disarray.
Then she leaned back and swiftly pulled down her trousers. Then she cast them
aside.

"That's lovely Rena" I assured her, staring in awe at her huge jugs, her very
large and surprisingly dark nipples and aureolae showing through the thin white
fabric. That must be some very large bra cup size... She sat up and placed her
hands on her thighs, her legs somewhat oddly squeezed together, as if for
modesty. This had the effect of squeezing her breasts together; they reached
past her elbows. The resulting show of two enormous fleshy globes with a
cavern-like cleavage between them was a very powerfully cock-stiffening sight; I
moved uncomfortably in the chair and stuck my hand down my trousers to adjust my
straining penis. I could see the dark shadow of a totally unshaven, untrimmed
pubic bush through her surprisingly lacy, pretty and probably rather young
panties. White, like her bra.

"You wanted to see me in my underwear for money?" asked Rena. What a sight. I
never would have though a woman aged 65 could get my cock this hard. It almost
was worth some money to see her like this... but that wasn't the plan.

"No Rena, I wanted to see your body so I could decide for sure whether I should
go ahead and tell you what you have to do. Do you own a corset?"

"What? She gasped."

"A corset... you know, stiff sides, laces up the back..."

"Err, yes I do - an ivory-coloured one." She suddenly perked up. "I haven't worn
it in years... It is a really good Vollers one. I bought it for Ellie's wedding
when I started to put on weight back when Bob and me lived in the old house..."

"Do you have any ivory stockings then?"

"Ooh... no... but I have some nice white hold-ups..."

"Do you own any white or ivory stiletto-heeled shoes?"

"Yes... white... they are really old." She said, starting to realise where this
was going. "But hardly worn."

"Right then Rena. I'll help you. Tomorrow I'll give you enough to stop the bank
re-possessing your house, then I shall expect a favour. I will come to your
house first thing tomorrow. Give me your key."

Rena started taking her house-key off its key-ring, looking rather dazed.

"Be out of bed by seven o'clock tomorrow morning, showered, dried, alone in your
house."

"Wearing those things you said?"

"No, you will not be wearing anything. I'll be annoyed if you are. Keep all the
curtains shut and put on some perfume. Brush your hair and tie it up on your
head. Wear your longest, dangliest ear-rings. I will let myself in and then I'll
explain how you will pay me back. Then we will go to the bank together. I'll pay
your most urgent debts and then you will do as you are told. If you refuse then
I won't be able to help you. If you go along with this, You will find out the
whole story. Then money will no longer be one of your worries.

"This is just sex for money isn't it? What sort of woman do you think I am?"

"Stand up." I ordered. She did. I softly took hold of her upper arms, turned her
around, and held her close against me, making sure she could feel my straining
erection pressing against her back. I reached my left arm around and cupped her
hanging, heavy right breast. Then very rapidly I took a tight hold of her right
nipple and suddenly squeezed hard while swinging my right arm... Slap!! I
spanked her really rather sharply on her right buttock, causing her to jerk
forward and her still-restrained breast to jiggle rather provocatively.

"Aaah!" she exclaimed, with more surprise than I expected, flailing her arms for
balance. Those heavy boobs don't help her stand up straight, I thought. I
rapidly pulled her back against my crotch bulge, pressing her hard against it so
that she could be in no doubt as to its stiffness.

"Rena, the kind of woman you are is the kind that needs to make a decision by
tomorrow morning."

I took her door key out of her yielding right hand with mine, and added "I'll be
visiting, early, and I will probably have the hardest, most urgent erection I
have ever had. And believe me I have had some very demanding ones. Make sure you
are ready, make sure you are naked, and make sure you have located our special
underwear, stockings and shoes. I will then make sure you really want a
financial helping hand."

I let go of her right nipple, and she turned around, revealing to my
satisfaction that both her nipples, one which I had squeezed and one which I had
yet to touch, were protruding very impressively.

"Get dressed now Rena, you don't want my mum to see those spectacular nipples do
you? I'll see you home, you will need me to let you in your own front door."

"It isn't locked yet" she replied. "This had better be worth it."

It will be for me, I thought to myself.

Rena dressed, rapidly. I watched her boobs jiggle as she shuffled into her
trousers. She pretty much bolted for the front door. I grabbed her right hand as
she darted away, and pulled her back towards me.

"Rena, you should remember that there is little point running off. I have your
door key and I will DEFINITELY be in your house tomorrow at seven. I pulled her
closer, then I pushed her hand against by crotch bulge and held it there
tightly.

"Get used to this Rena."

I pushed her hand down the front of my trousers. It went straight into my pants
and to my immediate surprise and to some relief she immediately grabbed hold of
my straining cock. She had never, ever seen how much there was available, and
now it was her turn to be surprised. She held me firmly, in the middle of the
very thick, eight inch long, bulging shaft.

"Bloody hell you are enormous! Is that all you? She blurted."

It's all mine, and tomorrow it could well be yours for a while, I thought. I
pulled her hand out.

"Go home Rena. Think about it. I'll be there. Make sure you are ready."

She left hurriedly. Ten minutes later my Mum was back.

"Rena left already?" She queried.

"Mum you have been out for two hours."



Day 2. 6.55 a.m.

It was already warm as I walked across the road, having let myself out of Mum's
house. She wouldn't be up and about for two hours or longer, and I had told her
the previous night that I was off early to see a friend. I already was very
aroused, having had a few lurid dreams through the night about what I might do.
As I approached Rena's front door, My cock was becoming very stiff and bulging
aggressively. I silently turned the key in her door lock, noting that every
curtain in the street was still closed, including Rena's. I let myself in,
pocketed the key and then took off my T-shirt, sweat pants (Hide the bulge? It
wasn't working) and my sandals. Totally naked except for contact lenses, I
wandered quietly and slowly around the rooms. Evidently, Rena was not very good
at setting an alarm clock. She was nowhere to be seen. Or was she even in the
house?

I decided to take the obvious route to answering that question and strode
swiftly up the stairs. Heading immediately into the bathroom, I cast around and
found it - not just something that would do the job, but the perfect thing for
the job - a tube of KY jelly. I grabbed it and turned for the front-most
bedroom. I opened the door slowly. It didn't creak. There was the slumbering
figure of Rena, still in bed. Laying front-down, she was facing away from me,
blissfully unaware.

I savoured the moment a little. It was evident that she was not wearing any
nightclothes, but was she wearing any underwear? Had she intended to comply? My
cock pointed skywards like a steel pole, I was as aroused as I have ever been;
still, I decided to move gently. Then I changed my mind. Gently at first,
maybe... then, we'll see. I poured a very generous helping of the KY jelly onto
my glistening cock head, which was bulging ferociously. I really was setting a
personal best for hardness. I set the tube on the table beside the bed, inches
from Rena's head. I applied one finger and spread the lubricant around my cock
head and the top part of my straining pole.

As planned, I gently lifted the bedclothes and gently began to climb in next to
the sleeping figure. My cock throbbed as I noticed she was totally naked. I
slowly kneeled next to her, pulling the bedclothes over me. She stirred.
"Mmmmmm..." and with that, moved only slightly, then settled. I climbed over
her, one knee on each side of her legs, one hand on each side of her shoulders;
then I lowered myself slowly face down onto her prone figure, placing my raging
erection into the cleft of her buttocks. Aided by lubricant, it slipped easily
between. Rena's rear wasn't the most pert in the world, but it was still nice
and indeed, amazing for a 65-year-old.

"Mmmmm... Oh!" She awoke suddenly, just as my full weight pinned her in place.
"Oh god it's you!! What time is it?"

"Too late is what time it is" I replied, pushing my cock in between her
buttocks, hard against her asshole. You have been disobedient. Now it is
decision time. Do you want both my help and my cock or nothing at all? Do as I
say and keep the house? Or shall I leave right now and leave you to your own
devices?"

"Alright then I'll do it!" She exclaimed. "Do what you want! But don't taunt
me!"

"Good!" I replied, in a placatory tone. "Part your lovely legs. Let me in
between. Relax, do as I say. "

She relaxed and parted her thighs. With a gentle shuffle my throbbing cock head
was right up in between her thighs, and I pressed the message home right away.

"Now for the next decision. In a few minutes I will be coming inside you, and
you can choose whether you want it in your back door or, if you want to
re-arrange yourself, do you want to be swallowing it?"

"My back door? You dirty bastard!"

"Never mind the insults. Choose, or I'll choose for you."

"I don't have a choice do I?"

Sure you do, I thought. "Answer the question."

"Is that lube on your cock? I'm not putting that in my mouth."

Oh for fuck's sake. "Well if that is the best answer you have, then so be it.
Not your mouth." And with that, I pressed my raging cock up against her brown
hole. "I shall have to be a dirty bastard then shall I not? You will learn
faster."

"Be gentle..." she began. "I haven't done it this way for years and years."

So she had at least done it "this way", I mused. Then I began for real.  I
pushed my cock head firmly against her anal entrance, and listened to her
produce a low moan. Then I pushed harder, and harder...

"Relax it will you? Or I'll never get it in without it hurting. Just relax."

She relaxed a little, and I pressed hard into her. The whole head eased suddenly
into her ass.

"Aaaaahhh!" she shouted. "That hurt, you dirty bastard! You bastard! Fuck, that
hurt! Take it out!"

She was incredibly tight up there. But now I was in, I wasn't going to take it
out until she was filled.

"No! Now listen you randy blond tart. You can't expect to swan around waving
those massive tits at everyone for decades and expect to be thought of as a
society lady. Either you relax and let me slide up you the way I want or I'll
give it to you the only other way. I'll ram it up your back entrance so hard you
will be able to feel it in your throat. Now do as you are told. Now!"

By now I noticed she was holding onto the head board of the bed with both hands.
I took hold of her upper arms and pulled them back, right back by her sides.
Releasing the headboard, she was pulled backwards further onto my cock. She let
it slide in for about two inches and then stopped and clasped her straining ring
around my shaft.

"No further! Stop!" she shouted, really very loudly. "Not too fast."

"I'm in charge" I advised her, my mouth just above the top of her head. I held
onto her. Despite the wear of years and some middle-aged spread, she was of
rather slight frame and really quite small, way out of proportion to those
enormous tits that were currently squashed against the bed under her.

"Rena, you dirty slut, I will push it up you however I want. I offered you a
choice. You didn't want it. So I assume you want me to take charge. I'll decide
how fast or slow it goes up. If you want sympathy and gentleness, you have to
earn it."

With a jerk of the pelvis, I rammed it instantly a couple of inches further in,
and she immediately let out a banshee wail. Her face was contorted. How loud was
she going to get?

"If you don't keep the noise down I'll gag you" I warned, "and you don't want
that."

And then I decided to go for it. I started slowly pumping my cock out, then in,
then out, then in... every time it came out a couple of inches, Rena moaned
softly with relief. With every thrust inwards, slightly further inwards than the
previous push, she wailed and groaned and grunted. I built up speed. She moaned
louder. Her face was a picture, she was either adoring every second or was in
agony. I couldn't tell which. I didn't care. Maybe it was both?

"Aaahh! Ooh! Aaaaahhh!! Mmmm! Aaargh!!

Soon I was ramming it in and out, pistoning it a generous four inches travel
with each stroke. She started to try to push up the bed, trying to slide up away
with each stroke. She was perspiring and I was slipping on her back

"You don't escape so easily" I told her. Then I had a sudden inspiration. I
paused for a moment, to a loud sigh of relief from Rena. Did she think I had
finished? I let go of her left arm, releasing another sigh from her now less
pained face.

Then I reached up to the back of her head, her hair a tangled, matted mess. I
had told her to wear it up, but she obviously needed to learn what 'doing as you
are told' means. I grabbed as large a handful of dyed blond hair as I could, and
slowly, but firmly pulled her head back. She raised a surprised face off the
bed, evidently not knowing where this was going. I pulled further and further
until she started to wail. "Owww!" I kept pulling harder and then suddenly she
got the message and put her free hand onto the headboard and pushed her whole
body down the bed, relieving the pull on her hair. Down her bed, down, down -
further and further onto my cock. A moment ago she had howled as I pushed my
member up her back passage. Now she was pushing her ass onto it with some
determination. I continued to pull and she pushed harder and harder onto my
cock.

"What the fuck are you doing?" she wailed. "This hurts!"

"Yes but it's making you behave isn't it, tart?"

Her butt pushed further backwards and I started to push hard, really hard, up
inside her. Eventually, after what seemed like an age, my entire length had slid
inside and she could go no further. I released the worst of my pull on her hair,
but I noticed that her face, now red and screwed up, her eyes tightly shut,
remained a picture of extreme discomfort. I now felt that she would almost
certainly do whatever I wanted, even if she was no good at getting up early.

"Rena, I am going to give you the good, hard butt fuck you have deserved for a
long time. You will not resist me. Then we will get up and sort everything out."

"Be careful" she replied "you are far too big to do it this way".

I slowly pulled out a little, then pushed back in all the way again. "Owww!" She
moaned. Then a little further, and right back in. I kept hold of her hair, so I
could help her obey, but she was resisting much less now. With every stroke I
pulled a little further out and then pushed it all the way home again, and each
time Rena moaned a little. I started to get a rhythm going, and for a couple of
minutes I was pistoning roughly, all the while keeping a tight grasp of her hair
with one hand and an arm with the other, and keeping my weight on her back so
that she couldn't move very well. Rena was moaning in time with the rhythm,
evidently not enjoying it much, but not complaining anywhere near as loudly.

Then suddenly I felt a boiling sensation as the spunk rose. I knew I couldn't
stop it now. I rammed myself into Rena's ass as hard as I could, pulling very
hard on her hair, causing her to yelp loudly. I felt my seed pumping into her
ass, shot after shot. I held myself hard inside her as  unloaded everything I
could... and them relaxed, my weight still pinning her down. My cock was still
right up inside her ass as I lay still, recovering. It throbbed slowly.

"Are you happy now?" she asked.

"Cheeky bitch" I retorted. "Yes, I'm a lot happier. I have wanted to fuck you
for a long time, but I never dreamed you would lie still and take it up the ass
for your first time. You could get quite good at this."

"What do you mean, 'could get', eh?"

I climbed gently off her back, my cock slowly sliding out. "Get in the shower
and wash like I told you to yesterday. Do you have those clothes ready that I
asked you about?"

"Yes."

I helped her stand up and pushed her firmly in the direction of the shower. As
she stood, I gazed in amazement at her huge tits. How big were they? As she
walked out of the bedroom door I suddenly slapped her right buttock again, hard,
just to compare her reaction with yesterday.  She stumbled slightly and her tits
wobbled in a heavenly way. This time, though, she flounced out of the room, and
as she disappeared down the hallway, she wiggled her buttocks at me calling out
"You really are a dirty fucker aren't you?"



Day 2, 08:00

Rena and I sat opposite each other across her kitchen table. She was eating
toast and drinking tea, as was I. Rena was wearing her long hair up in a big
hair clip. She had on a flowery summer dress, the fabric of which was just thick
enough to hide the colour of her ivory-coloured corset. It was an under-bust
corset, since there was no way an ordinary satin corset would be manufactured to
fit over her massive boobs. I had laced her tightly into it only a half-hour
earlier, squeezing her waist. She was in no way fat, indeed she was quite trim
for her age; her figure was just as impressive around the waist, hips and
buttocks as it was at her chest. Still, I liked the idea of the constriction
around her body. I had done it up as tightly as I dared. I had made sure I had a
good look at her white bra before agreeing she should wear it. She didn't own
any really sexy bras - I would have to remedy that. I had looked at the label.
38F it said, and although I had watched in amazement as she fitted her huge
creamy breasts into it, it certainly fit right. The dress over the corseted
hourglass figure was extremely feminine, and my cock was hardening again. It
would have to wait a while. Rena's legs were looking good in those white
stockings, though I had to make sure she shaved her legs first, for best effect.
The white stiletto-heeled strappy sandals had a heel about three and a half
inches high, which had the dual effect of slowing Rena's walk to a very slow
pace, and making her stick her bottom out quite a lot as she walked. She had
been mortified when I told her that she would be coming into town with me
dressed like that, especially when I told her that she would not be wearing any
panties. And why, she had asked? Well, for several reasons. One, I liked it that
way. Two, I might decide to finger her in a most ungentlemanly fashion, and it
would be without warning. Three, she would know, and wouldn't be able to put it
out of her mind, that it was for no other reason than I had insisted, and it
would help her behave as she should. After all, she was going to be earning a
favour.



Day 2, 12:00

"So what do I have to do in order to get your help with the mortgage?" Rena
asked, as we walked to my car from her bank. I had just settled her mortgage
arrears. We had sat together, close, as I handed the cash to her account
manager. I don't know how conspicuous it was to him that I was running my hand
up and down her upper inner thigh, but every time I touched her outer pussy lips
she had jumped slightly. As he concentrated on counting the cash, which I had
obtained in very low denomination notes deliberately, I pressed my fingers
against her pussy lips. Rena gasped slightly, then to my great delight, parted
her legs quite a lot. My fingers had effortlessly slipped in, and I had been
very happy to notice that she was quite wet inside.

"That was one payment" I informed her. "You will need to pay them every month. I
will set up an automated payment system".

We climbed into my car again. I turned to face her. "I'll test you now. Kiss me
passionately, as if you are my girlfriend." I put my hand onto her inner thigh
again and squeezed. "Put some meaning into it."

"People will see us! I'm old enough to be your mother!"

"And you are sexy enough to be fucked, hard, regularly" I hissed, kissing her
full on the lips as I pushed my fingers into her now sopping wet pussy. She
responded, despite her feeble complaints, and she squirmed in the seat as I
finger-fucked her. I pulled away from her mouth, but continued to lean over her
and kept my fingers - three of them by now - moving as far in as I could get
them.

"Rena. You will come to visit me every month. Come using the train. Set up some
believable excuses. I will pay your mortgage on the last day of each month, but
only if you have visited me for five days in that month. You will dress like you
have today. You will never, ever wear trousers or panties; you will arrive each
time in this corset, with a dress over it. You may bring skirts with you but you
must arrive in a dress, corset, bra, stockings and stiletto heels. I may want to
fuck you immediately, once you are in my house, and I might take you up the ass
like this morning. Or you can start thinking about learning to suck my cock if
you don't want a sore ass. If you don't come visiting, I won't pay. If you need
more money, you will have to visit more than once - and for more than five days.
I'll look after you while you are at my place; we'll go out maybe, I'll show you
off to the town. I'd like it to be obvious that you are seeing me for sex. From
now on, you belong to my cock."

I put both my hands on her cheeks, holding her face gently. I leaned forwards to
her and kissed her, pressing my tongue into her mouth. She responded willingly
and our tongues met. Then I pulled back again.

"It's time for your next test" I whispered, quickly looking around to check that
no-one was too close to the car. I moved back into my seat, one hand still
gently touching her cheek. With my free hand I unzipped my trousers and reached
inside, pulling out my stiffening erection. At the same time my other hand slid
round from Rena's face to the nape of her neck and started pulling her head in
the general direction of my lap. Rena stiffened, realising what was next.

"It's obedience or bankruptcy, Rena - didn't you learn that today?" I growled,
pulling harder. Rena submitted with a sigh, and allowed me to pull her down, her
face almost touching my bulging cock head. "Make sure you work hard at pleasing
my cock - you are going to be doing this a lot and I don't want to have to fuck
your ass here in the car just now. But I will if you don't suck like the slut
you always look like."

Rena gulped the end of my cock into her warm mouth, her soft lips closing over
its stiffness. She salivated copiously, some running out from between her lips.
Her head began to slide up and down. One hand on the back of her neck already,
my free hand now joined it to cover the back of her head.

"That's good Rena. You belong to this cock now. It is your owner. You are going
to do as you are told. And when I come, you are going to swallow it all, and not
spill any, are you not?"

"Mmmmff" she replied, which I took to mean that she had agreed with her new
role. Once she had been a wife and mother. Now she was starting her new career
as a receptacle for me to ejaculate into.

I settled back in the seat, relaxing as Rena tried her best - a very obviously
expert, highly experienced best - to make me come quickly. I suppose she wanted
it over quickly; the reality of her future had not yet settled in, and she was
trying to bring the situation to a rapid close. I slowly gathered up a good
handful of her hair, forming a handle of it just as I had that morning while
stretching her butt hole. Soon I was going to spurt into her mouth, very soon. I
needed to be in control just in case she tried to escape my jets of spunk.

Rena was really very good. Her tongue flicked around my cock head as she slid
her mouth onto my cock and then, slightly more slowly, back off again, over and
over. Very rapidly I could feel the sensation of boiling semen rising in me, and
I started to moan gently. Rena realised what was coming and moved to pull
herself up from my lap, her hands pushing down on me and my car seat.

"I thought as much, you disobedient bitch" I grunted, pushing her neck down hard
and shoving downwards with my handful of her hair. "MMMMmm!" she moaned. Her
lips parted as I rammed her mouth down onto my cock, sinking a lot more into her
face than she had tried herself. "Gggch!" Rena loudly gagged, freezing her
rythmic action fully.

"Suck and swallow, that's the rule. Do as you are told or you'll get it up your
shitter right now!" I grasped her neck securely and pushed her back down. I
started lifting my hips from the seat, fucking her mouth. She continued making
small gagging sounds and moaning what would probably have been a small shout of
something or other, if she hadn't been trying to talk with her mouth full. I
fucked her mouth harder, and she wriggled in her seat, pulling and pushing. Her
hands started slapping against me, on my thighs, my knees, my chest, as she
struggled against my mouth-fucking action, her head still held securely face
down. It was too late for her to back out. I came suddenly, releasing a good
load into the back of her mouth, making her gag again. Holding her neck very
securely, I pulled her hair hard to signal my insistence.

"Swallow it! Swallow! Drink down your first free drink and celebrate your new
owner!"

As quickly as I had started to come, the flow subsided. I had been distracted by
Rena's struggles, too distracted to enjoy the moment properly. I glanced around
outside - nobody was looking at us. But it had been a valuable learning
experience for Rena, who was sobbing softly as she lay on my lap, my softening
cock having popped out of her mouth. Soon she would learn to do this properly.
Soon I would Introduce her to a lot more demands. But for this afternoon, I
could now let her rest for a while. She would be needing all the energy she had,
soon enough.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sal Pecam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





