BDSM Library - My Life in Prison




My Life in Prison
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A convict narrates a synopsis of his experiences in prison, with most of the incidents centering on - you guessed it - sex.
My Life in Prison

I read something on one of these porn story sites written by some broad who
supposedly knows what prison is like, because she allegedly works in one.  What a
crock of shit!  Even if she really is a screw, she don't know shit.  In the vernacular of the
fucking cops, she "does her eight and hits the gate," just like the rest of them.  On the
other hand, I do know what goes on in prison.  I lived it, 24/7 for almost 20 years, unlike
those pussies who swagger around in their dumb-ass wannabe-cop uniforms.  My story
is abso-fucking-lutely true.

Yeah, I was scared when I got sent to prison the first time.  Don't let anyone bullshit
you, going to prison is scary as fuck.  At least I'd been in a few jails, but some of those
kids, I just knew they were prime fuckmeat and would be someone's punk in less than a
week.  I won't tell you where I was; you can imagine it's your state's penitentiary if you
want, or some shithole in Turkey.  I don't give a crap.  And, yeah, I got my ass reamed
when I was a fish.  It happens to everyone.  It took six of them, though,  and three of the
assholes ended up in the infirmary.  One died, but nobody ever, ever tried to fuck with
me after that.  I got 60 days in the hole, but the DA didn't feel like prosecuting convict-
on-convict violence.  Most don't, so a lot of shit goes on in prison that never gets known
outside the walls.  That might change now that there's a new federal law about prison
rape, but I could give a shit less.  I've been out on the streets a while now,  burned my
number two years ago.  But more about prison.

The bullshit about having to be in a gang to survive, is just that - bullshit.  At least it was
when I did my time; maybe it's different now, or maybe it was just the joint I was in.  In
my day, there were just two gangs - the cops, and the cons. That's the way it should be,
too.  We did our own time.  Nobody snitched, ever, unless they wanted to be real dead,
real fast.  From what I hear today, all they have in prisons are fucking snitches.  Fuck
snitches.  Prison just isn't the same; I heard the fucking screws even call the inmates
"Mister" and their last name.  There aren't any convicts left, they're all inmates or - even
worse - "clients."  Fuck, like the warden is some kind of fucking used car salesman or
something.  In my day, if a screw called me "Asshole," I figured he was being nice.

You could get whatever you wanted in prison, for a price.  Booze, drugs, guns, even
pussy, if you knew how.  I knew how.  I ran a pretty good business for a while, thanks to
my job in the kitchen. Yeast was the big thing, and so damned easy to smuggle out.  I
used tostuff it inside the liner of my ball cap and just carry it out that way.  I got patted
down all the time, but they never caught me.  Why yeast?  It's the best thing to use
when making hootch.  That's home brew, for the uninitiated. The faggots in California
joints call it pruno, for some reason.  I guess they get prunes to keep their shitters clean
so their butt-buddy's cock doesn't get all nasty.  Anyway, hootch...fruit juice and yeast,
in a trash bag. If you don't have juice, just cut up some fruit and add water.  Hide it
someplace warm and leave it for a week or two...and voila!  Oh, it tasted like crap, but
damn could you get a buzz from it!  One time a stash I had brewing was found, and
when they tested it, it was 160 proof - damned near straight alcohol!  I made sure word
got around, and pretty soon, my stuff was selling at a premium.  

Drugs weren't much of a problem, either.  The trick was to make sure you weren't
caught, because it could mean street charges.  The easiest way was to find some
scared punk - preferably one with a young wife at home - and threaten to fuck him up
really bad if his bitch doesn't bring the shit in.  It was so easy.  Wifey gets a phone
number to call, and is told to make a pickup at a certain place and time.  She gets it
already packaged in balloons.  How she gets it in is her fucking problem; must usually
just stuff it down the bra or inside the panties; once in a while someone will actually
shove it up her cunt, though.  Sometime during the visit, she goes to the restroom and
puts the balloons in her mouth, then passes them to hubby during a kiss.  He swallows
them, and a couple of days later, shits them out.  Joints where they have conjugal visits
make it much easier.  One bitch we used as a mule, they crammed her full of drugs. 
Cigar tubes full of cocaine up her ass, so many that she waddled when she walked and
so many balloons up her twat that she looked six months pregnant. The bitch brought in
nearly $100,000 worth in just one trip; not only that, but she wasn't even the dude's old
lady.  She was some slut his buddies rented for him, and sent in with phony ID.  He
spent the whole weekend fucking her in the trailers, and even managed to whore her
out to a couple of other cons. Fucking screws are so lazy, they didn't even notice.

Now, getting pussy is a bit harder.  Some of it comes from the do-gooders who come in
preaching the Word to us.  Most of them don't have a clue, and can't figure it out when
they're being gamed.  Playing them like a hooked fish is more fun, but I've been known
to simply threaten them, too.  The younger they are, the more they seem to respond to
that.  Stupid cunts.

I remember this one bitch - she was with one of those idiotic Christian groups that sings
and dances while trying to "save" us poor, unwashed convicts.  They think all we need
is to "know God," and our lives will somehow be better.  What crap.  Like God is going
to get me a decent meal or a soft bed to sleep on?  All I need to make my life better is
some good weed, a six pack, and a wet, horny bitch with her legs spread.   Maybe a t-
bone steak, too.

Anyway, this church bitch, she couldn't have been 19 years old.  Cute, a real cock-lifter. 
Blue eyes, blonde hair that stopped just at her shoulders, full lips.  Who really gives a
crap about that, though?  It was her knockers that I noticed.  Huge, like she was
deformed or something.  She probably weighed 100 pounds soaking wet, but I'll be half
that was tit flesh, and it was all real.  I knew when I saw her that I was going to fuck her,
and it was so easy to set up.

I arranged for a little disturbance to break out during their performance.  Big Tits, as I'd
nicknamed her, wasn't on stage at the time, but sitting in the front row.  A fight broke
out and the screws were distracted by it.  As the bitch's group ran for it, I grabbed her
from behind and carried her, screaming, into one of the dressing rooms behind the
stage.  There was so much noise that nobody heard her.  I just threw her over a table,
ripped off the granny panties covering her juicy cunt, and slammed into her.  For a
religious bitch, I was surprised how quickly she juiced up.  She was so tight it hurt my
dick at first, but it had been a long time since I'd had virgin pussy.  Yeah, the bitch was
a virgin, but I took care of that in about two seconds.  It had been a while for me, so it
didn't take long for me to dump my load; she came, screaming, when I did.  I pulled out
and made her suck me clean and then lick my asshole before letting her rejoin her
group.  

"Next time you come here, cunt," I told her as I left the room, "make sure you aren't
wearing panties or a bra, and I don't want to see any hair on that fuck hole next time."

I knew she'd come back.  She did, four times, and always obeyed my instructions.  I
can still see that bald pussy of hers, all puffy and wet.  The last time she visited , my
buddies and I did a number on her.  She pulled a train.  While everyone else in her
group was singing, she was squealing and squirming while we took turns with her.  I
rented her to fifty guys that afternoon, a carton of smokes each, any hole they wanted. 
She left that day barely able to walk, her ass full of cum, one of her own tampons
crammed up there to hold it all in.  She never came back for another visit, but the next
time her group came in, someone said the cunt had a swollen belly, and a few months
later, I heard she'd whelped some half-breed black brat.

My number one piece of ass was one of the guards, though.  Yeah, they let bitches
work in male prisons.  Equal opportunity, I suppose.  Probably a lawsuit from some
pervert male guard who wanted a chance to fuck women prisoners, or maybe he was
just a pussy who was afraid of convicts.  Whatever the reason, no matter to me.  All I
know is I had the chance to get laid on a regular basis.

My first mark was this dumb brunette bitch, about 40, divorced, and with very obvious
low self-esteem.   A bit overweight, short, and unhappy. She was a bitch, too.  Nobody
liked her, not even the other guards.  Usually, you'd find them stopping by the housing
unit to chat, but not when she was there.  She was frumpy and grumpy all at the same
time.  Like perpetual PMS.  Just what I needed.

Nobody wanted to talk to her, so I took a chance and became the janitor responsible for
the office.  She worked the evening shift, so things were pretty quiet, and she was
usually the only cop there at the time.  So I'd go in and clean the office, making small
talk at first, but after a few months, actually sitting down with her and chatting.  Long
story made short - this took over a year, actually - and she started sharing stuff from her
lunch with me.  Candy bars, a pop, a smoke here and there.  I got her to bring me in
some hardcore porn once, and after a week of jacking off to the photos, finally told her
it was a shame all I had was pictures.  I fucked her for the very first time that night.

It wasn't anything special, that first fuck.  She just pulled her uniform pants down and I
slid inside her.  She was sopping wet, so wet that I could hardly feel her cunt lips
sucking at my dick.  I stroked in and out maybe a dozen times before telling her this
wasn't going to work.  I told her to pull up her pants - the first time I'd actually told her to
do anything - and then had her kneel on the floor and suck me off.  I could tell she'd
never tasted pussy-soaked cock before, but she gave damned good head.  When I
finished, I told her to bring a vibrator the next night; I wanted to watch her cum.  I made
her come into my cell after lockdown, strip and give a show for me and my cellie.  I
stopped her from cumming, then cuffed her to my bunk with her own handcuffs while I
tattooed "Property of Rocco" on her fat ass.  Then we double-fucked her, my cellie
taking her sloppy cunt while I broke her asshole in.

I pretty much fucked the bitch every day from then until she got caught.  She was a
good little whore, bringing me in all kinds of shit from a cell phone to drugs and beer.  I
even ran a panty rental service; the slut would stuff her panties up her cunt while she
diddled herself, and after she was done I'd rent them out to the guys.  The next day,
she'd get to wear her old panties on her way out, crusted with the cum of all the inmates
who jerked off on them.  She finally got caught, though, about three years after I first
started fucking her.  The Captain came through while she was sucking off some guy I'd
rented her mouth to.  I don't even remember the con's name, but he knew to keep his
fucking mouth shut, and took his 90 days in the hole like a man.  She ended up with a
five year prison sentence herself, and from what I'm hearing out of the broad's joint on
the other side of town, she's learned to be quite a cunt-lapper.

The best piece of ass I had, though, and the most regular, was actually the wife of one
of the guards.  He was a stupid fuck, and it was easy to set him up.  Once I had him, I
explained that he'd be bringing his wife in to fuck me, or he'd end up some gang-
bangers punk.  Oh, she was a sweet piece, just 25 years old, with that magnolia glow
and southern accent that only the finest bitches in Georgia have.  She was mine for five
years, every Saturday like clockwork.  I even made her stop fucking her old man, telling
them her cunt and asshole were mine, but if he wanted a blow job from her, all he had
to do was ask me.  He refused for nearly six months, finally breaking down and begging
me to let his wife suck him off.  I handed him a note, and told him to have his wife bring
it back to me at our regular date.  Then I told him it would cost him a pack of cigarettes,
in advance.  Oh, fuck, the look on that dipwad's face was hilarious!  They both knew,
though, if I even thought she'd been giving him anything without my permission, I'd fuck
them both up permanently. 

About a year before the fuckwad killed himself, I was thumbing through his wallet when
I discovered he and the bitch had a couple of kids he'd never mentioned to me.  Two
girls, twelve and fifteen at the time.  Now, I'm no Chester, but these young bitches were
fine, with a capital F.  Golden hair like their mama, the oldest one with a nice rack on
her chest.  I told the dipshit that I expected them to be brought to wherever my work
crew was the following week.  Yeah, these dumb fucks actually had us working outside
the walls, doing all sorts of shit from picking up trash to clearing trails up in the
mountains.  Anyway, I told fuckwad to make sure he was one of the guards
accompanying us, and to have wifey and the girls waiting.  He just nodded his head
slowly, not even bothering to beg or cry this time.  What a fucking pussy he was!

So the following Tuesday, he takes four of us up to this remote cabin - I think it was a
place the park rangers used during the summer - which we're supposed to be
renovating.  Since there were only four of us convicts, he was the only guard.  We all
smiled knowingly, dicks hardening with each passing mile.  These were my buddies,
and I didn't even charge them for this one.

There was nobody at the cabin when we arrived, and I was pissed.  Fuckwad mumbled
something about his wife saying she couldn't do it, but I didn't hear all of what he was
trying to say.  By that time, my fist had caused a bit of tissue damage to his face, and
he was having troubles talking coherently.  After my buddies finished his beating, we
stripped him naked and bound him to a wooden kitchen chair, using a pack of flex-cuffs
we found in the glove box of the van.  The dumbass brought a cell phone, too, so I
quickly placed a phone call to Mrs. Fuckwad and explained to her the consequences if
she and the baby cunts weren't here in exactly one hour, ready to play.  I think it was
the background noise that did it for her, though.  Fuckwad screamed for her to do what
she was told, because Frank was running a razor blade up and down his pathetic  little 
pecker.  She finally agreed once we threatened to neuter her hubby if she didn't show.

Okay, now I know you're probably sitting at home playing with your dick or whatever,
thinking something like, "Hey, this is a pretty good story, but it's all bullshit."  After all,
why shouldn't hardened convicts like us just get the hell gone?  I mean, it wasn't like
fuckwad was going to keep us from escaping or anything.  Well, let me clue you in on
something.  Escaping just ain't smart.  Unless you got lots of bread and can get to
some jerkwater country like Somalia or North Fucking Africa, you're fucked.  They're
gonna catch you.  Besides, me and my buds only had a little time left before we burned
our numbers.  I was gonna be a free man in a few weeks, and the Frank was right
behind me.  I had plans, too.  I was gonna make it big, living off the fuckwad and having
his wife and kids turn tricks for anyone with a few bucks.

Since we had an hour to waste, fuckwad got a quick lesson in cock-sucking.  Up to that
point, I'd threatened to use him like the punk he was, but hadn't done so.  It was so fun
watching him gag and choke when we each shoved our cocks down his throat.  We just
played with him, though, and never actually let him taste our cum.  No, that reward was
reserved for his wife and the brats.  We had plans for his ass, too, but more about that
later.

So the three cunts show up, and what a set of lookers they were.  Even better than in
the picture.  Mama knew she wasn't allowed to wear anything but a dress and sandals,
and that's exactly what she wore.  No bra or panties, no hose, just bare skin under that
dress.  The younger cunts were a different story.  After I backhanded mama across the
face for being so stupid, I told her that the brats should have been dressed just like their
slut mama.  Instead, they were both wearing tight jeans and tennis shoes, the little one
with a yellow tee shirt, and her older sister a checkered men's shirt.  Both of them were
wearing bras, too, which really pissed me off.  I took my anger out on mama, ripping her
dress off and making her kneel down on all fours like a bitch dog, her fat cunt lips
flapping in the breeze.

"What are you, cunt?" I demanded.

"A whore," she answered, sobbing.

Aw, fuck this dialog shit.  I mean, how many different ways can you say, "she said."  I'll
just describe the scenes to you.

Anyway, there was the mama bitch, naked as a jaybird, with her ass pointed right at the
brats' faces, saying how she loved to take convict cock up her ass, in her cunt, in her
mouth, anywhere any convict wanted to put it.  How she pays me $100 every time she
comes to the prison for her weekly servicing, and how I rent her scuzzy ass out for a
few cigarettes to the other prisoners.  How she loved black and Hispanic cock, and how
badly she wanted some convict to knock her up.  I had her tell how her husband's tiny
dick never gave her any pleasure, and even say to the girls that he wasn't really their
father (even though, as far as I could tell, he was).  Then I had her demonstrate cock
sucking for the girls, making her lick Mick's hairy balls and take Jimmy's cock all the
way down her throat until he exploded in her gullet.  I had her suck Johnnie's ass for
good measure, then I showed the girls how their mama squeals when she's being butt-
fucked.  Oh, God, how hanks of her hair made for great reins; every time I thrust in, I
pulled back on her hair, enjoying the little squeaking noises she made.  When I finally
came in her ass, I made her scoop my cum out with her fingers and spread it on her
face.  

During it all, the older cunt just sat there and cried; knowing it wouldn't be very long
before she'd be experiencing the same thing as her mama.  The younger cunt seemed
to not be able to take her eyes off what was happening.  Jimmy told me later that she
kept touching herself while mama was being raped, only stopping to move her hand
away when she noticed him watching.

Now, I know about mama bears and how protective they can be, and I figured a bare
mama isn't much different than a mama bear, you know?  So I had Mick and Jimmy tie
the bitch to a tree while we broke in her rugrats.  I let Frank and Jimmy have the older
bitch first.  I knew fuckwad was a peckerwood bigot, and figured having Jimmy's fat
black dick take his daughter's cherry would do him a world of good.

We made Stephanie - the older of the two little cunts - do a strip for us.  I'd read
somewhere that to humiliate a man, you strip his clothes off him, but for a woman to be
forced to take her own clothes off is even more degrading for them.  You may find that
fact strange, but I read it in a psych book in the library.  You'd be surprised what you
can learn when you have nothing but time to do.  So we made Stuff-my-cunt - the name
we'd given her - do a slow strip tease for us, removing every bit of clothing one piece at
a time as we ordered her to.  Hell, I even made her drop her jeans and little blue pastel
panties first, knowing that having that furry cunt of hers exposed first would just
humiliate her that much more.  She danced around with her pants around her knees for
nearly ten minutes while we had her rip her blouse open, popping the buttons loose all
over the ground.  Once her bra was off, we had her roll those little pink nipples between
her fingers until they were hard, then made her face away from us with her legs spread
and bend over to untie her shoes.  As soon as her pants were off, Jimmy threw her
forward onto the ground and fucked her doggy-style, just feet from her mama and
daddy.  I didn't pay much attention to that, though; my eyes were on the younger bitch.

I moved over towards her and took her face in my hands, giving her a long, sloppy kiss. 
I wasn't all that surprised when her tongue started wrestling with mine, or that she
started to wiggle towards me when my palm covered the visibly damp crotch of her
jeans.  Damn, this one was hot, I thought.  Do you have any idea how wet a bitch has to
be to soak through denim jeans?

"Please make me," I heard her whimper.  "Please make it hurt."  

Now, how could I ignore a request like that?  Of course I was going to make it hurt!  The
original plan had been to gang-fuck the older girl while her parents watched, then rape
the shit out of the little one.  Well, plans change, I thought as I glanced over to see my
buddies doing a number on Stuff-my-cunt  - Jimmy underneath her now, still raping her
cunt; Mick cramming his short, thick dick up her ass; and Frank's cock busy thrusting in
and out of her mouth.  They'd be busy for a while; the plan was to work their way
around from cunt to ass, each finishing up in her mouth.  After all, ass-to-mouth is
essential for a successful whore.

But back to my little bitch, who was squirming against my hand so hard I thought she
was going to break my wrist.  I grabbed her long, silky blonde hair and pulled her head
back, exposing her neck to my mouth.  I bent down and bit her shoulder, right were it
meets the left side of her neck, eliciting a loud, deep moan of pleasure.  I felt her legs
spasm as an explosive orgasm washed over her.  I found out later that it was the first
time she'd cum so hard, or by some other manner than her own fingers.  Enough
foreplay, I thought; this one doesn't need to be humiliated, she wants it.  So do I, I said
to myself, just reaching down and ripping her pastel flowered blouse apart.  She wasn't
wearing a bra, something I'd noticed earlier; her budding breasts sported hard, erect
nipples just begging to be sucked and bitten.  Of course, I was quite eager to abide.

The little slut couldn't get her pants down quickly enough.  While I nipped and suckled
at her hard little nipplets (I couldn't bring myself to consider them nipples yet), she
struggled with the snaps and zipper on her jeans, wiggling her ass to pull them down as
quickly as possible.  I wasn't surprised to see that her snatch was a smaller, younger
version of the old bitch's.  Totally hairless - it had to be from shaving, because she
already had tits - but with a single difference.  The little slut's clit was pierced, sporting a
tiny gold ring with a little blue gem of some sort shining in the sunlight.  

"What's this, slut?" I whispered, grabbing the ring with my thumb and forefinger, tugging
on it slightly.

"I got my clit pierced," she groaned while I made like it was a rubber band.

"Do your parents know, slut?"  I already knew the answer.

"Fuck, no," she whispered.  "They're like, prudes."  She smiled up at me and continued. 
"You're supposed to be 18 or have a parent's permission, but the guy at the mall
couldn't turn down a blow job."

"So you really are a slut, then.  Actually, a whore, because you traded sex for
something you wanted."

"Only a blow job, sir," she replied.  "I've sucked off maybe five guys, and given about as
many hand jobs.  I've never fucked anyone.  Yet," she said, hesitating.  "You're going to
change that, though, aren't you?"  She looked up at me expectantly.

"I guarantee you won't be a virgin when you leave here, but I won't be the one to take it. 
Your daddy will," I told her.  "Go crawl over to your daddy and suck his dick," I ordered. 
She hesitated only long enough for me to raise my right hand as if to smack her before
she dropped to her hands and knees and began crawling.  Oh, God, the way her little
white ass wiggled, with her bald little swollen cunt peeking out nearly made me cum in
my pants.

Dickweed looked pathetic with his wife's panties sticking out of his mouth, his eyes wide
in fear as his own daughter crawled between his naked thighs.  She took his blood-
streaked cock gently in her diminutive hand and carefully stuck her tongue out, licking
at the cuts left there by my friend's knife.  She giggled when he began to respond,
looking over her shoulder at me, my grin prodding her on.  She opened her lips and
slowly lowered her mouth over the head of her daddy's dick, eliciting a moan from his
lips.  He closed his eyes and tilted his head back as she sucked it into her mouth.

"Open those eyes and watch your slut daughter suck you, fuckhead!" I ordered, giving
him a backhand for good measure.  "I don't want you fantasizing it's one of your faggot
boyfriends.  I want you to see it's your own slutty brat getting you ready to take her
cherry!"

"What!"  That got his attention.  "No, you can't..."

"The fuck I can't, faggot.  The bitch is going to get you hard, then she's going to lower
that wet, hungry hole of hers over your dick and fuck you until you cum inside her slutty
body.  Unless you'd rather I give her to Jimmy over there?  I'm sure he'd just love to rip
her open."  The dickhead glanced over at my pal, now standing behind the older
daughter's upraised ass, his fat, long dick dripping pre-cum.  Jimmy really would rip the
baby bitch open, I thought, and that would be a pity.  A real shame to ruin a nice, tight
pussy that way.

"I - I'll do it," he said with resignation.

"I know you will," I said with an evil grin, then I lowered my face to his ear and
whispered softly.  "I know it's not the way you like it; after all, it's not some faggot's hairy
ass, but your own slut daughter's virgin cunt you'll be plowing into.  Who knows, maybe
it'll turn you straight to have a nice, sweet piece like her?"  

I'd never seen a man blush before.  Maybe I'd hit on something?  Could he really be a
closet faggot, or maybe just a pedophile?  I noticed he got rock hard, though, so
something was up.

"Okay, slut, enough," I said, pulling her off her daddy's cock.  "Now it's time for him to
return the favor.  Climb up on the chair and have daddy give you a moustache ride!"

I lifted the squirming girl up so her feet were on the sides of her daddy's thighs, then
pushed her sweet little hairless pussy right onto his mouth.  The fuckhead knew better
than to disobey; his lips were open and his tongue straining out before she even got her
wet cunt within range.  It was so funny to see him like that, so I even held her back a
few seconds, watching him struggle to taste her sweet nectar.  I finally pushed the little
slut forward, watching her eyes roll back as her daddy's tongue lapped the length of her
slit.

"Never had your pussy eaten, have you?" I whispered into her ear.

"Ugh...no, sir," she answered with a gasp.  "It feels so...so nice!  Lick harder, daddy!"
she screamed, grabbing his head and grinding her virgin pussy into his face.  "Oh,
Gawd!"   The little bitch clamped her thighs down on her daddy's head, throwing her
head back in rapture as the first orgasm was forced out of her.  I watched intently as
her naked body shivered, leaving the dickweed with a thin sheen of girl cum smeared
over her face.

"Time to lose that cherry," I told her, lifting her off without enough time to even come to
full awareness.  I called Mick over to support her limp body while I carefully spread her
cunt lips around the tip of daddy's stiffy.

"Push!" I yelled, and Mick shoved the slut straight down, peckerwood's cock to rip
through the twelve year old's cherry like a knife through butter.  Boy, did that wake her
up!  First she screamed, then as everything started to cream up, the little bitch started
bouncing up and down on her daddy's dick like a basketball being dribbled.  Her daddy
even got into the act, grabbing her little titties in his hands, twisting and squeezing them
like little baby melons.

Anyway, I won't go into the details of their incestuous coupling - how's that for a couple
of educated words - but once daddy finally spurted inside his baby, we carried her over
to where mama bitch was now splayed out on the ground.  Frank and Jimmy figured it
might to good to keep her out of the action, so they used stuff they found in the shed
and tied her arms and legs to some stakes they'd pounded into the ground.  Still, I had
to hold her head still while her baby's bloody, cum-filled gash was lowered right onto her
mouth.

"Suck that nasty cunt clean, bitch!" Mick told her.  "We're gonna all take turns with the
brats, and you get to clean them out when we're done!"  Even with the humiliation she'd
been forced to endure already, this act really broke her.  I could see it in her eyes that
she was going to do whatever we wanted from then on.

So we took turns fucking the girls.  They were both pretty decent lays, but that little bitch
really got to me.  Her cunt was like a vacuum cleaner, the way it sucked and gnawed at
my cock.  I'd already cum in each of the girls once, but was getting ready to devirginize
her asshole when it hit me.  I didn't even know the little slut's name, so I asked her.

"Candi," she replied.  "My name is Candi, but one of the boys at school called me
'Cunty' the other day, and I nearly creamed right there in the hallway."

"Cunty it is, then," I said, lining up my dick at her puckered brownie.

Anyway, that was about it.  An hour or so later, we untied the peckerhead and let mama
and her two brats drive off while we headed back to the prison.  Mama kept coming
back each week for her regular servicing, and peckerhead would bring me in a pack of
smokes whenever he wanted a quick suck from his wife.  The brats were too young to
visit, but I made parole six months later, so it didn't really matter.  When the dickweed
found out I'd be whoring out his wife and kids, he blew his brains out.

I never had a problem with mama or the baby cunt.  Mama was totally broken, and her
youngest daughter ate the shit up like candy.  It didn't matter what I had her do, she
was always eager and willing.  I even took her down to Tijuana and had her do one of
those dog shows once.  The owner of the club offered to buy her from me on the spot,
but I still had a warm spot in my heart (not to mention a hard lump in my pants) for her. 
Besides, between her and mama, the least they've earned for me in a week was four
grand, and that was only because mama had some sort of cunt rash.  It's a pretty good
arrangement for them; they do what I say, and I let them live.

Stuff-my-cunt was a different story.  She continued to be a rebellious little bitch, and I
finally got tired of her bullshit.  I ended up selling her to a pimp who knew how to beat
unwilling girls into submission.  He filled her with drugs and put her to work down in
New Orleans, far enough away from everything she knew that she finally accepted that
peddling her ass to businessmen was her lot in life.

Anyway, the whole point of this story is that prison is what you make of it...and I made
plenty.  If you're on your way to the joint, don't believe half the bullshit you hear.  Just
keep your ears and eyes open, do your own time, and wait until opportunity comes
knocking.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rocky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





