BDSM Library - The Black Mistress Society




The Black Mistress Society
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An older woman begins her journey into white slavery watching the neighbor submission.  Orginally submitted to deja news as Popgun.
The Black Mistress Society (Pallidan submitted as Popgun to Dejanews)

Mary Evans was out back in the yard doing her normal flowering when she heard
the noises coming from the neighbor's house next door.   Mary always had
despised her neighbors because they were a black woman and daughter who had
moved in within any notice into their all white neighborhood and had reduced
the value of her property just by being there.  If she or her neighbors had
known ahead of time, they would have taken whatever means was necessary to
prevent it.  Mary and her neighbors had a standard to live by and that didn't
include black single women and their daughters.  She had always been wealthy,
owned a small company, and was financing her daughter way to college.  How
dare they ruin her life by moving in?  Especially without her approval.

Curious as to the strange noises, Mary couldn't resist the temptation to find
out what the black ladies were doing behind the high wooden fence.  She knew
of a knothole in the fence she had found one day doing yardwork and decided
to go to it and looked through.  Who knows she might find something on these
black whores to get rid of them once and for all and the noises even through
he couldn't understand them was very strange indeed.

As Mary edged to the fence and bent down to take a look, she was immediately
shocked beyond her expectations.  In the neighbors back yard was the 18 year
black daughter Dominique and she was dressed in a black rubber outfit with
her tits and ass exposed.  More strange was she was riding on Mr Bentley, the
neighbor down the road, and he was crawling naked on the grass.  His ass had
a black thing that looked like a dog tail stuck out and Dominique was yelling at
him and striking his ass repeatedly with a tree switch.   The harder she hit
the faster he crawled around and wiggled his big fat ass.  His mouth was
stuffed with something and his feet and arms had a small chain attaching each
together.  He was sweating furiously and in desperate panic trying to please
the black cunt riding on his back.

Mary was speechless and started to leave and call the police when she felt
the wetness dripping between her legs.  Her pussy was soaping wet form
watching the scene before her and was in desperate need to be stimulated. 
She couldn't stand it any longer.  She hadn't felt that way in years.  Mr.
Bentley was one of the neighbors she really hated and she wanted to see his
ass get wholloped good. Beat his ass, cunt, she wanted to scream as she begin
to stoked her pussy.

She was becoming obsessed with the scene before her.  Quickly Mary pulled her
shorts down to her ankles and jammed two fingers in her pussy.  Harder,
harder bitch.  Make the bastard scream.  Whip his ass harder.  Mary was
moving her ass up and down with each insertion of her fingers in her pussy. 
She was in total ecstasy and about to come at any moment.  Hell, the police
could wait for later, her cunt was in immediately need.

Dominique finally stopped riding her white slave pony and stood up, bend
over, and spread her huge ass checks.  Mr. Bentley immediately stuck his face
in her ass and was massaging her asshole with his nose.  His redden ass was
wriggling wildly in Mary direction.

Mary couldn't stand it anymore.  She jammed a finer up her ass and came
immediately.  She continued to shake and fuck her ass with her finger when
all of a sudden she felt a sharp sting on her left ass.  Startled she turned
around and saw her black bitch neighbor mother Jolene facing her with a
camera in her hand recording her recent cuming.

What the hell......

Slap, another sharp pain on her ass as Mary tried to cover her ass and pussy
from her nearby attacker.

"Your ass is mine now, you white bitch."  Yelled Jolene.  "I caught it all on
film and your neighbor and my daughter will tell all your neighbors and
employees about your little slutty behavior.  And don't try to pull your
shorts up that hot ass of yours.  I'm not done with it yet.  Your stuck up
big nose is finally going to be put to good use yet.  Strip you old white
bitch or I show this film to all your neighbors and your financial providers.  I
may even buy your house when you're on the poor farm.

Mary was caught.  She could run but couldn't hide from her friends and she
needed her business to maintain her lifestyle.  What had she gotten herself
into.  She knew she couldn't take the camera away from the stronger black
woman.  Her life was ruined unless she played along for the time being.  And
what about her daughter and her schooling.  No she had to play along for now.
She could easily escape later and she had to admit she was till wet down
below and still unsatisfied.  Slowly she removed all her clothing and threw
them on the ground in front.  She immediately placed one hand to cover her
pussy and the other on her tits.

Slap, a blow to her face brought her immediately back to reality.  As she
covered her face, she felt a hard kick to her pussy that brought her
immediately to her knees.  Jolene was on top of her.  In no time her ankles
and wrists were cuffed in back.  Mary was dumbfounded, confused, and worried.
She couldn't free her hands or get away from the stronger woman.  She was
totally humiliated in her present state but aroused at the same time.  Jolene
stood above laughing down at the confused woman.  She then went to a nearby
tree and broke off a branch from a lower limb before returning to older white
woman on the ground.

"My daughter has a horsy to ride, cunt;  She said.  "So I guess we'll make you
into a bunny.  Get your ass up you white trash."

Swish, Swish.

"I said get up cunt."  She repeated.  "We're going to go to my house and you're
are going to hop all the way or my switch is going to wallop your white ass."

Swish, swish.

Mary was in shock and horror but the pain on her ass was terrible.  She
immediately began the hopping routine to the neighbor house with Jolene
continually switching her big white ass.  At first she cursed and screamed at
the black bitch but after a few swipes on her large ass she began begging
half around the fence.  Her ass was on fire and she must have been a pretty
sight hopping and jumping with her ass sticking out each time she landed.  By
the time they entered the back yard she had even begged to lick Jolene
asshole clean if she would quit hitting her with that damn switch. 

Dominique seeing her white bitchy neighbor Mrs. Matthew jumping towards her
with her mother swiping at her ass with a switch began laughing.  She turned
around and pointed her ass as Mary coming towards her and told her to stick
her white face of yours where it belongs.

Mary sweating and desperate to avoid the switch furiously wasted no time
getting to the big black ass and stuck her face desperately inside.  She
immediately began licking to please the young mistress and spare her ass
anymore punishment.  Jolene laughing behind her spread her white checks wide
and stuck the switch deep inside her asshole.

"Hold that in your ass bitch while you lick my daughter.'  Jolene commanded. 
"Come here slave boy and lick my beautiful black ass."

Mr. Bentley wasted no time as his mouth plug was removed and his face and tongue
buried in Jolene ass.

"Oh yes, deeper, deeper worm."  She yelled at him. 

"Oh mother," Dominique said.  "I think our new bunny is going to make a nice
pet.  Don't you?"

Mary tongue was so busy she hardly heard Dominique comments till the young
girl tuned around, grabbed her hair, and pull her face roughly into her
crotch.  Mary was by that time totally entranced and began lapping her
mistress cunt like a dog in heat.

"Well, well. Good doggie."  Dominique was yelling.  "Wiggle that ass for me.  Oh
yes.  Lick my pussy you old white bitch.  Maybe I'll ride that poor excuse for
an ass you have later."

Dominique knew it had been a setup and had worked extremely well.  She also
knew by the time they the mother totally beaten, her daughter would be a
piece of cake and then they would have more slaves in the neighborhood with
an unlimited supply of future slaves.  Mrs. Bentley was already tied up in
the house with a mop up her ass mopping the kitchen and hall floors.  A job
Mrs. Mathew would soon be sharing.

Dominique came all over Mary face and then climb on her back.  "Getup honkey. 
Move that white ass of yours."

Swish, Swish.

Mary crawled around crying and begging till she collapsed on the grass.  She no
longer had the will to fight her new mistress and upon command followed
Dominique towards the house on all fours.  She knew this was only the beginning
but there was nothing she could do at present but survived.  Jolene followed
riding on Mr. Bentley back and pinching his ass every once in a while while
laughing each time he oink.  What a piggie the bank teller was.  Jolene was
telling her daughter.  She knew his wife was just as fun.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





