BDSM Library - My Friend's Daughter




My Friend's Daughter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman gets caught admiring her friend's daughter ass and is driven into becoming her willing slave.
My Friend's Daughter



"Are you admiring my daughter ass," Melody asked across the patio table.



"No." I replied lying.  How could I have let my friend catching me looking at her daughter ass in her bikini at the pool?  I must be losing my mind.



"I was just thinking," I lied back.



"Glad to hear that," replied Melody.  "You sure you don't mind watching after her for the next 2 hours while I go to the plant.  I promise to be back shortly.  I know she's 18 but she has a habit of getting in trouble and I sure would be please if you were here."



I agreed half-hardy, as she grabbed her purse and left the pool to go to the plant.  My eyes wandered back to the girl lying on the lawn chair on her stomach.  Her ass was so perfect compared to mind in my late 30s.  I would have loved to go over there and pulled her bikini bottom down and tongue those lovely cheeks.  I decided to call her and asked her if she wanted a drink which she replied she did.  So I went inside and made the drink and returned to the side of her chair with it.



"Do you always look at young girl asses," she asked to my shock.  "I bet you wish you could kiss it all over don't you.  You are a lesbian aren't you?"



I told her she should be spanked for saying things like that and went back to the patio table.  My eyes kept returning to her ass.  She leaned back and pulled the bikini up her cheeks exposing a better view of it as my mouth started watering at the though.  I found my hand slipping under the table finding my pussy and started rubbing it.  Yes, I was a lesbian but dared not tell anybody.



Next she lean back and pulled her bikini bottom down to her knees as my tongue almost fell out of my eyes from the sight of her brown hole between the cheeks.  She looked back at me and noticed my red face and hand rubbing on my pussy harder.



"Come here pet and kiss my ass all over."  She yelled back to me.  "And get your hand off your pussy."



I knew I should have left but it was too much to resist as I got up and walked over slipping to my knees at the end of the chair and started kissing her ass.  I planted kisses all over the cheeks as she told me to kiss in between them which I did eagerly.  I then started using my tongue working around her asshole at first and working my way in slowly.  My only thought at present was pleasing her.



She slowly turned over and presented me a view of her blond pussy and told me to eat her.  I was told not to play with my pussy without her permission.  The thought of her mother coming back was the last thing in my mind as I lapped on her cunt lips and clit and then worked my tongue in and out of her pussy hole.



"Good pet," she said, climaxing on my face and lifting my head by my hair.  "You now belong to me.  Undress for your mistress."



I stood up and started removing all my clothes in front of her like a 15 year old kid.  My pussy was soaking wet as she commented on how wet it was.  I had to turn around and bend over exposing my big round ass for her inspection and then spreading the cheeks as she teased me about how big it was and how it needed more exercise.  I was humiliated being dominating so easy by her but at the same time I was more excited than ever.



Sitting up in the chair, she commanded me to come over and bend over her lap.  She was going to spank me for being a bad little girl and lying earlier about admiring her ass.  I turned and slowly made my way over and lean over her lap like a 15 year old kid awaiting her punishment.  She told me I was to count and thank her with each hit.



She wasted no time or energy as she spanked my ass with her hand harder than my ex-husband had every had.  It hurt as I cried out one and thank her for it.  The next came immediately afterwards and then the next till I was crying like a baby while maintaining my counting and thank yous.  After the last one, she started rubbing my sore bottom and telling me that I was an over grown baby and she would have to punished me whenever I did anything bad.  Her finger slipped between my ass cheeks and found my ass hole as I pushed my ass back to allow her to easily slip it in.  It felt so good as I laid over her lap while she finger fucked my ass trying to rub my pussy on her thighs underneath.



"Still trying to come aren't you pet," she asked pushing her finger as deep as it would go as I begged to be allowed to come.



"Not yet pet," she relied pulling her finger out of my ass.  She reached down and grabbed my hair lifting me to my feet and walking me off the concrete of the patio to the lawn.  Pushing me down, she told me to get on all fours as she slowly lowered herself on my back.



"Crawl for me pet", she said, slapping my ass as I started crawling with her full weight on top and my hair held back as a rein.  I couldn't help it as my pussy juice was running down my legs.  I had just crawled two laps around the patio deck when I turned and saw Jenny mother Melody standing there looking at us.  My face was totally red at being caught.



"Don't just stand there mother," said Jenny.  "Get your big ass out of those clothes now."



I was shocked at the thought she dominated her mother also but at the same time my excitement was rising as she let me watched as her mother slowly undress and stood with her hands to her sides.



"Mom, get your butt in the house and bring me a drink," she said slapping my ass and telling me to keep crawling.  I watched her mother big ass wiggling as she walked back to the house as I was led back to the concrete patio by my mistress.  



She then got off and told be to get on my knees beside her as her mother returned with the drink.  She was commanded to get on her knees beside me as I admired her tits.



"Both of you are my sluts and slaves since neither of you know how to control your pussies.  Mom nickname is mommie slut," she said looking at me, "and your new name with be pussy pet."  I glowed with the comment as she smiled down at us.



"Mommie slut lay on your back and pussy pet get on top of her in a sixty-nine position."  She commanded.



When we had gotten in position she told us to look at each other wet pussies and begged for permission to lick it.  We was both begged while looking at each other pussies with lust in our eyes.  Upon command, we each pushed our tongues in and started working on it as she tease us calling us sluts and whores.  We was both close to coming when she demanded we stop.  I was pleading along with her mother to continue to no avail.



"Come sluts," she said getting up from the chair.  "Follow me."



Both her mother and me walked behind her naked baring our asses to the world wondering what was coming next.  We didn't have to wait long as we entered the kitchen from the back door.  



"Sluts clean the floor with your tongues."  She demanded.  "This floor is wet and dirty."



Both of us dropped to our knees and started tonguing on the tile to please our mistress hoping later she would let us finish off.   She just sat on the kitchen chair making fun of us and calling us piggies.  She finally watched enough and called us over to get on our bellies and tongue her beautiful feet as she pushed her toes in our mouths seeing how many she could get in at the same time.  She was laughing at our facial expressions as her toes were pushed in and our asses were wiggling in back.



"Does my piggies want to eat each other pussies again," she asked pulling her toes out of my mouth.



"Yes mistress," we both replied at the same time.



"Not now," she laughed.  "Put your finger in each other ass and tell me how loose your assholes are."



I reached back and inserted by finger in Melody ass as I felt her slowly entering mine.  We started working it in and out of each other butts while our mistress put her foot on top of our heads pinning us to the floor.  We was both telling her our assholes were loose as slut assholes should be.  She smiled down and said she would check it out. 



Getting up, she walked to the frig and returned with two carrots.  Pulling our fingers out, she proceeded to push the carrots in our assholes and teasing us by telling us to buy bigger carrots nest time.  She told us to wiggle our asses and thank her for stuffing our fat asses which we did obediently.  She started kicking our butts telling us to make them move faster.



"Don't let that carrot fall out," she said telling us to follow her to the living room on all fours.  We both crawled after her like a pair of dogs.



When we arrived, she laid out on the couch and called us over.  She demanded I lick her pussy on my knees by the couch and her mother her tits.  She wasted little time enjoying our tonguing and climax soon after.  I couldn't resist my pussy any longer as I was stroking it as she looked down with a mean look on her face.



"Did I say you could play with your cunt pussy pet?"  She yelled down at me.



"No mistress," I replied removing my hand immediately.



"Get on your back now." She demanded.  "Mommie slut pull her feet over her head so her ass is presented properly for punishment."



I watched as she got up and walked to a drawer while her mother grabbed my ankles and lifted my legs over my head and held them pinned to the floor beside my head.  I saw her coming back with a belt in her hand and I started pleading to be good knowing how bad it was going to feel on my ass.



When she arrived she leaned back and brought it down hard as I cried out from the pain.



"Play with your pussy will you.  Slap, slap."  She scolded me.



"Oh, please mistress," I cried as the pain was intolerable.



The carrot slipped out of my ass as she picked it up and told me to open up with another slap on the ass.  My mouth was plugged with the carrot from my ass as she leaned back and started again.  I was shaking my ass sideways trying to avoid the same spot from getting hit as tears were rolling out of my eyes.  She finally quit before I thought I was going to pass out.



"Mommie slut lick her asshole and make it feel better."  She told Melody.



I moaned in pleasure as I felt her mother tongue find my asshole and starting pushing inside.  The pain was secondary to the pleasure I was feeling.  I started moaning out loud in pleasure.



"You're not going to cum.  Are You?"  Jenny laughed noticing how close I was.



I fought back the inevitable till I erupted in the greatest climax I have ever had.  My body shook all over as the tongue drove deeper in my asshole.



"Poor pussy pet," Jenny was saying from above.  "I guess you will have to be punished again for being so naughty.  "Mommy slut go get the punishment stool and clamps.



I watched in horror as Melody quickly go up and practically ran out the room.  Jenny had reached down and grab my hair pulling me up to my feet and holding me there.  It was only moments before Melody had returned with a small cow stool with a dildo sticking up in the middle of it.  Jenny demanded she place it in the middle of the room.  Jenny dragged me over to the stool and with Melody help forced my ass down on the dildo till it was firmly inserted.  My asshole was too loose to prevent entry and felt totally stuffed.  I yelled in pain as she attached several small clothespin on each of my nipples.  I felt like I was taking a shit and nothing was coming out.  My nipples was starting to get numb from the pain.



"Mommie slut is going to give me a nice warm bath while you stay here and enjoy your new seat," Jenny told me.  "You better be here like this when I get back.  Oh by the way, kiss my ass to thank me for letting you sit."



I lean forward as she turned around presenting her beautiful butt to my lips as I smacked all over the cheeks.  Then she moved away and turned on the TV in front of me and put a VCR inside.



"Enjoy the movie," she said laughing leaving the room.  "And don't play with yourself or the next will be worse.



I watched as the screen came on and there was Jenny and Melody both on it.  Jenny was spanking her mother, and then sitting in a wagon being pulled by her mother while she was slapping her ass with a tree branch.  Several other scenes were unfolding before my eyes as my cunt dripped steadily on the floor below knowing I couldn't touch it.  It was torture beyond belief as I waited patiently for my mistress to come back and abuse me some more.



Just a fantasy, how was yours?



Pallidan.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





