BDSM Library - Class Day Trip




Class Day Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This was writen to be a continuation of a 'Modern Dairy' but never posted.
This story was meant to be a continuation of my story A Modern Dairy with the
same characters and settings. See if you like it.


                                 The Classes Day Trip to HIS Dairy!

With the arrival of spring, the children of Lory's class were supposed to be
able to go on a nature day outing.

Lory offered a trip to and a tour around her FATHER's dairy.

All the class were excited about it. From what they heard of it, they all
desired to visit Lory's place.

The students all remembering the cool exhibit that Lory and her DAD had put on
earlier in the school year during show and tell day.

Ms. Appleton's sudden departure, after that demonstration had necessitated her
replacement by Mrs. Gunther. No one blamed that Lory.

After all pedophiles can be found everywhere, and before then who would of
guessed young Ms Appleton?

So for this trip Lory's FATHER arranged for a luxury bus, and one of HIS drone's
to drive it, to transport the whole class on Thursday the 23 from the school to
HIS Dairy.

So it was that at 9 o'clock the big bus arrived at the front of the Condo /
Dairy with the whole jubilant class and their teacher, Mrs. Gunther.

As the children, stepped off the bus they were all greeted by HIM, Lory, and
some picked members of his staff.

After greeting them, HE proposed to have the class split up into three groups.

The girls, Lory would lead on their tour. Mrs. Gunther would go with Beverly and
a few other women to the lounge, for her special tour. After that she would
await the two halves of the class in the special comfortable place. HE would
guide the boys, HIMSELF on their special male tour.

Mrs. Gunther blinly followed Beverly through the lobby without any apprehension,
straight through a solid oak door.

When it clicked shut, she found herself in a small dank sound proof room with
two of HIS best herders and Beverly.

As instructed, Beverly stood against the wall, and let the herders have at poor
Mrs. Gunther.

Mrs. Gunther, Helga, was a substantial stout woman and under normal
circumstances, not a woman to be trifled with, but here today, these were
anything but normal circumstances.

The herders, in the interest of time, first shocked Helga's larynx with a cattle
prod, thus rendering her silent and more malleable.

The herders had her subdued easily in seconds. Then Beverly, as HE did not
want Helga's clothes ripped, then denuded the fat middle aged woman with
a gentler female touch in a short time.

Once the teacheer was nude, one of the herders produced a set of industrial
clippers and with practiced ease proceeded to cut off all Helga's pubic hair.

This accomplished, the other herder approached with a pair long handled pliers
usually used on farms. The herder also experienced at this, easily ringed
Helga's thick fat right labia, just like they ring a male pig's snout on a
regular farm.

While Helga riled in shock and pain, Bev collared the helpless woman with a
strong metal choke collar and chained her hands behind her back and then
anchored then to the collar.

The wranglers then leashed Helga's labia and aided Bev as she lead the shaken
nude woman to a holding pen down deep in the basement.

Within minutes Helga had gone from a modern professional confident working woman
to a ... well a nude chained beast, in a holding pen awaiting HIS pleasure in a
stall deep in HIS Dairy.

Beverly attached Helga's labia ring tightly up against the pen's wall. This 
guaranteed that she would be standing there, facing the wall waiting for HIM,
when HE saw fit to attend to her and then while she pleaded for release Bev. 
Departed to attend to her duties.

Throughout the whole of these deeds Mrs. Gunther had been mostly rendered
essentially silent by the shock to her larynx, but as she waited she recovered
and began to try to attract attention to her plight.

Gradually she regained more and more of her ability to vocalize her protests,
but fettered to the pen's wall, by her labia, nude, and with her hands cuffed,
and joined to her collar she was powerless to free herself. Tried as she might
to attract some help for her plight.. she soon realized her situation was one of
total powerlessness.

***********

During this time, Lory took all the girls down to one of the smaller milking
rooms.

There the girls saw about 20 nude shorn milkers either lying on the various
milking station or standing in line waiting.


Above the din of the vacuum pumps Lory explained the procedure of collecting the
precious fluid from the milkers swelling tits.

By bending way down, the little girls were able to see under the stations, and
watch the precious fluid, pulsing from the large tits into the glass cups, then
through the clear plastic tubes, to the collecting vat.

Lory then took them behind the milking stations and showed the class girls
through the milkers manually spread labia. There the wondering girl's eyes saw 
the various clit rings and the dangling metal tags. Holding one or another Lory
explained the various identification symbols on each tag.

The little girls had never been this close to an adult woman's denuded spread
open sex, and they were very curious. They, themselves, after seeing Lory's
casual handling of the milkers labia, reached out, spread open the soft moist
pink flesh and examined the various tags found there.

Soon they all seemed to want to see feel, and handle each of the milker's rings
and tags positioned in the open sexs before their eyes.

It was very educational for these female youngsters...! After all it is an
educational field trip, isn't it?

**********

HE took the boys to a specially set up room, where a collection of docile 
denuded milkers awaited. They were secured on their knees to low frames at just
the right height for the tasks ahead.

"Boys ... Boys ... Now I want each of you to go and stand before a milker." HE
ordered,

"Boys ... Boys ... Stop that gawking... Now go stand before one.. Bobbie ... you
have done this before with poor old Ms. Appelton. So I'll let you show the other
boys how it's done."

Bobbie beamed with pride! He was special!

"Take out your penis and feed the milker you little dickie..."

"OH Bobbie ... you remember how nice it felt last time! Don't you??"

"A ... AH ... Yes sir but... well I don't even know this ... er ..
mil.." Bobbie stammered.

"Nonsense! Bobbie I got you your first and I'm giving you this one now... Now
come on. She hasn't had anything to drink in hours. She'll do you real good..."
HE explained.

Reluctantly Bobbie let down his trousers and stood before the kneeling naked
female milker formally known as Joan. She had been a 20 year old, bank teller
but a few weeks ago HIS herders acquired her and turned her into an apprentice
milker. After soo many people viewing her denuded body, and using her various
orifices She knew what was expected here. She puckered up and made ready for her
current job.

She had been warned,

"Such off all the little dicks, and be quick about it, or no water for another
24 hours or so ..."

Seeing the little organ she ducked her denuded scalp down, ovaled her lips, and
seized Bobbie's little pud with her soft lips. Sucked it deep, into her mouth
and was soon 'rewarded' by a great big squirt of sticky boy cum... She swallowed
the disgusting load as she had already been cautioned to show great enthusiasm
for the boys benefit.

"That a way Bobbie... Now tell the others ... Wasn't that good..." HE
inquired?

"OH Yea it was soo good... Even better than last time." Bobbie related
to his wondering class mates.

"Well boys .. come on ... the milkers are waiting ... Bobbie ... now no
falling in love with that milker there ... Move over to another one. Close your
eyes this time and see if you can tell the difference from that milker." HE
ordered.

Bobbie almost fell over his trousers, which were bunched up at his ankles but
finally managed to shuffle over and present his now shriveled pud to Dora, a 24
year old former secretary, turned milker.

Dora had a little trouble capturing the shriveled slimy little thing in her
mouth but finally she got a lip lock on it.

As Bobbie had just cum, it took Dora longer, but she managed.

She worked especially hard when Bobbie reached down grabbed hold and began
squeezing her unmilked left tit. His manual squeezing producing a spurt of milk
on his leg.

Emboldened by Bobbie's example, the rest of the boy's soon found the hang of it
and were being fellatoed by soft mouthed milkers, or squirting each other with
milk from the milker's mammarys, or just standing about laughing for the next
hour or so.

HE left the lads in the capable hands of the chief herder and went to see how
Lory's group was progressing.

When HE found them looking over and discussing the clit rings and various tag
symbols HE inquired,

"Now girls, last time during 'Show and Tell Day', you expressed an interest in
the clit rings of my milker verses poor Ms Appelton. Did any of you do what I
told you to do to get a clit like my milkers here have?"

The girls looked about nervously ...

"Francis did you do your exercises like I recommended??" HE demanded.

"A ... Yes.." Francis related reluctantly looking at the floor shyly.

"Well good for you, Francis. I'll just bet you have the biggest clit in
the class then." HE speculated,

"And I guess the rest of you just have worthless little ones? Ah!"

Wanda spoke first, "I did my exercises too, and I bet I have a bigger
one than old Francis, she is soo snooty..."

Their was a chorus of arguing and claims as to who had the biggest clit.

Smiling HE and started,

"Girls ,,, Girls ... This arguing is getting us no place. Let's just compare
them and ... Well ... I'll give this gold ring to the biggest."

HE said as he held up a slim gleaming gold ring.

Lory stepped forward, lifting her skirt, saying,

"Mine is the biggest .... See!! Look at mine."

"Now Lory these are our guests, you are the hostess, so you are ineligible."
HE demanded.

Lory looked dejected.

"As host Lory, it will be your job to measure, and photograph each one
beside a ruler, so their will be no cheating or favoritism. Then we can all see
and compare and find out who has the biggest clit. Then the winner will gets
this ring. OK??" HE explained.

All the girls rushed to be first on the table to be examined first for the
contest by Lory and her milker Beverly.

A camera and ruler was provided.

Lory was still sore for being left out of the competition, demanded,

"No ... No I want you all to get skinny naked to be examined so their can be no
cheating. Hang all your clothes over there on that rack. I'll take the first one
naked right here."

"Well I'll leave you girls to yourselves and your measuring. I'll be back to see
the pictures and confirm who wins ... and Lory remember ... no cheating ...
these are our guest, remember!" HE ordered as HE went out the door leaving the
competing females hurrying to undress .. and be compared.



The camera drone behind the one way glass, recorded the whole contest on video
for HIS own private pedo collections.

HE smiled at how easily things were going. It was all according to HIS master
plan for a crop of new milkers, raised to give MILK. 

HE smiled as HE descended on the elevator to the holding pens level.

HE got off the elivator, and walked over to the newest occupant of the pens.

Casually HE opened the gate and, followed by a drone with a video camera
recording, HE entered Helga's pen.

"Mrs. Gunther? .... Uh ... Helga... I can call you Helga can't I.."

HE inquired of the naked teacher's broad back as he ran his callused hands over
the snowy white expanse of fat female ass skin.

Helga tried to shout out her indignity, but was horse from previous shouting and
so couldn't.

"You .... Stop ... this ... this ... minute.." she finally managed to whisper 
haltingly from her aching throat.

HE motioned for another drone to get to work.

This drone dropped to his knees behind the teacher and began attaching one cuff
of the spreader bar to her right leg.

Helga felt the pressure on her ankle, and attempted to shake it off but from her
trussed up position could not do anything. Just lifting her leg was very 
difficult. The drone, who was experienced in this, easily attached the thing
tightly to her right ankle.

Using the bar for leverage, the drone forced her right leg out and managed
to capture and secure the left ankle, with the other cuff of the spreader
bar easily.

Helga was deterred in her attempts at resistance by the connection of her labial
ring to the fence in front of her. Now she found herself, not only, facing the
fence, nude, but now with her legs spread a full meter apart, and her precious
sex gaping open for any thing HE wished to do to it.

Again she tried to whisper but HE did not even acknowledge her efforts.

He closed up behind her and fondled her large soft snow white tits and related,

"Now Helga, we are going to have to reach an understanding. I'll talk and you
will listen. Then I'll order and you will do. Understand..... Well I know. Why
don't you shake your head to signal me when you will do what I demand of you...
and till then ... I'll do this .."

With that said, HE released her tits and backed a comfortable distance
away. Then underhandly HE delivered a crisp upper stroke with the three
tailed cat HE had, for use on balky milkers.

Wapp

The multiple tails made solid sickening sounding contact with the teachers open
slit and the delicate things there in.

"UUUUUUUUU"

Mrs. Gunther's crotch ignited... She now found her voice and bellowed while
trying to close her shackled legs, but the spreader bar prevented that .."

Wapp

A second crisp swat into her neither regions convinced her to do anything,
absolutely anything, she could, to prevent a third stroke.

Violently she shook her head to show she accept HIS terms, any terms whatever
they were.

"Helga I thought a big fat bitch like you would take at lest 5 or so to give
.... You're easy Helga... Maybe that was a mistake... should I have another
stroke or two?" HE said running HIS left hand over her sweating aching left
flank.

Helga shook all over and tried to whisper her acceptance of surrender to
ANYTHING HE wanted... ANYTHING.

"Well OK Helga but remember, we can always do this as long as you like. Now I
know you are divorced, and a dried up old prude. So I'M going to lock your ring
to the ring of one of my new young apprentice milkers, and you Helga dear are
going to go at it, with her, hot and heavy for the cameras, like a true lesbian
hooker."

&lt;This is too much..&gt; Helga thought.

HE detected resistance in the way she tightened her ass soo...

Wapp

Again the three leather snakes bit her crotch and neither lips..

Suddenly making out with another woman did not seem soo bad... to poor aching
Helga. She again shook her head violently to signal accept HIS terms.

"Are you sure that you will find it in your heart to make nice, nice with a
pretty young nude female Helga??" HE inquired.

She shook 'YES'.

"OK but I'll just leave the spreader on so that if this (indicating the little
cat of three tails) is needed again I can apply it right away." HE told the
conquered sobbing teacher.

A Drone came over at HIS signal and released her labial ring from the wall. Then
he led her across the pen to another nude female reclining on the straw. This
milker had a large ring affixed to her clit.

The drone locked the two females rings together with a short length of gleaming
steel chain. Then he stood back. A pair of camera drones moved in and recorded
the make out session of a nude Mrs. Gunther and a nude younger female, in both
video and stills.

The release of any of those pic's would end Mrs. Gunther and her career. The
stills would send her, because of the milkers age, to prision..

After a long time of kissy face and tittie petting, HE was satisfied.

HE had a drone unlock the rings and HE HIMSELF led the nude chained Helga to the
building's elevator.

First HE took her to the room where the now naked girls were all vying for their
clits to be measured and photographed by Lory, for the prize of a gleaming chit
ring.

Mrs Gunther was horrified to see all her charges frolicking about nude and
playing with and measuring each others chits.

"Girls ... Girls ... look who is here. Mrs Gunther wanted to show you all what
she looked like in milker garb and try to enter your little contest. She'll show
you all what a nice large clit she has... But of course, I'VE explained to her 
she could not compete fairly with you as she is soo much older and bigger but
well... Lory measurer her and show and record her so the girls can see what old
Helga has... to offer ..."

HE ordered as HE forced a stunned Helga onto a milking station face down.

The girls gathered around, did not seem to notice as unusual that Mrs. Gunther
had her hands chained and labia ringed. They all stared intently at her sex.
They were too busy helping Lory position Helga, on the table and get her clit
measurements and picture for the contest.

The video camera drone behind the one way mirror record all this for HIS
recording of the day's events.

Mrs. Gunther's clit, surprisingly was not even, one of the biggest one. She was
more average...

That honor, of biggest clit, and 'Honorary Milker' went to Ursula.

That girl had been pulling her clit since childhood, and so she was officially
recorded as having the largest chit of the class and awarded the nice shine
ring. If anyone doubted it their were pictures of each and every girls clit.

Then a still camera drone was brought in to record the event and after the nude
girls huddled in close to get a group picture, with a nude Mrs. Gunther under a
spread Ursula with her shiny prize ring hanging down.

All the photos, signed by each of the girls, were collected and placed in the
album that Lory would keep for future use ...

The ring Ursula had one, was an open one, for now, so she could slip in on and
then off after showing it to the class. Then after she had shown it, she could
take it off, and hide it from her parents at home.

(She did not want to make her mother or younger sister jealous.)

After all the girls had seen the ring and the pictures were taken, HE took the
naked Helga across the hall to the room where the boys were getting their third
or forth (Ahh youth) blow jobs of the day from some sore lipped milkers.

"Boys! What do you think?" HE called out upon entering the room, "Doesn't Mrs.
Gunther look good all decked out like one of MY milkers? Why she even has had a
ring put in her neither lips ... " 

"YES" came the loud cry from the pantsless boys standing around.

Then they too, all crowded around the now kneeling nude, Mrs. Gunther 
surrounding her by a forest of small boy greasy used puds. Again a camera
provided group pictures for the album.

She would of given the boy's blow jobs but, after their busy morning, they just
couldn't get um up right then ...

As an explanation of her late arrival, HE informed them,

"Mrs Gunther is sorry that she got here soo late soo if future if you want her
to suck you off you just have to ask her, but be cool guys. Don't ask when
someone, not in the group, is around and she will come across... won't you
Helga!"

The naked teacher wanted to die. She could be put in jail .. HE had put her in
such a position and now the whole class would expect her to ...

What would she do? And what was she going to do? NOW!!

Again she shook her down cast head ... "YES ..."

On a given signal by the drone at the door, in the small milking room, Lory
stood up and ran to the door shouting,

"Come on girls, let's go get them .... "

As she ran through the open door, the other naked girls ran attempting to catch 
up with her in the madness of the days experiences. In that moment of the
madness the girls of the class scampered after her with no though to there
nudity!!

The group of slinky soft skinned females all ran across the hall and straight
into the room with the half naked boys, the milkers, and a thoroughly catatonic
Mrs. Gunther.

After they arrived the first of the girls were sort of self continuos, what with
being NAKED, and all. But then as Mrs Gunther, their teacher, was there and
their were a lot of other naked female milkers and the boys were there too at
least half naked.

So at that very moment a drone rolled in a large well stocked refreshment cart.

"Boys and girls try some of the delicious assortment of cheeses. They were made
with the milk form milkers just like these." HE informed the milling all ways
hungry teens.

Soon everyone was milling about naked unselfconscious about their condition and
partaking of the all the wonderful munches ..

That is everyone but poor naked chained up Helga and the milkers.

"Children let Lory show you how you hand feed a milker" HE said ...

Lory reached under the rolling cart and withdrew a large plastic bottle
with a flared nipple.

She took it over to Mrs. Gunther and by pulling her left nipple forced
the teacher up on her knees, to open her mouth.

Once she had Helga at about her own height, Lory forced the long flared
nipple into the reluctant teachers mouth till the flared out part
guaranteed that their would be no spitting it out.

Smiling into the horrified woman eyes, Lory squeezed the bottle. This forced
her captive to swallow the noxious mixture or drown.

"Mrs. Gunther has graciously volunteered to play the part of a new reluctant
milker as a demonstration to you're class."

"Watch how Lory holds her nose till the milker swallows all her yummy food." HE
informed the gathered around of curious wide eyed children.

It tasted Horrible!! But Helga had no choice but to swallow.

"Billie why don't you take a turn. Remember to do it just like Lory did."

"Squeeze and then hold her nose till she swallows it all up.." HE ordered the
gleeful youngster.

They made a game of it. The other children soon found the other bottles of
milker food under the cart and they busied themselves 'feeding' Helga and the
other milkers.

It was soo educational ... for them.

The cereal mixed with urine was nutritious, if vile tasting. Then too the
milkers were use to it .. as it was their usual meals.

Helga was not use to it but a stern look from HIM or Lory convinced her that she
had better swallow it ... or something worse would come along ..

After the lunch, and their other activities, all the boys and girls felt drowsy. 
So they all curled up and went to sleep or at least rest, on the smooth spacious
thickly carpeted floor.

At 1 pm the class was lead to the elevator and transported down to the arena
floor. There they got to watch a demonstration of bull dogging of newly arrived
naked females prior to their full introductnations as apprentice milkers put on
by the head wrangler.

The all sat around, a nude trusted up Mrs. Gunther, and watched the spectacle,
where Ilene Livingston, a former dental assistant till last night was roped,
stripped, denuded of all her hair, and branded in record time. This all happened
under the fascinated eyes of the class, who were provided with popcorn and soft
drinks.

As the subdued woman was positioned on a frame, where a drone with clippers,
similar to the ones previously used on Helga's privates,  proceeded to defoliate
the unfortunate females neither lips.

Then the class followed the subdued female to the milking station and watched as
the new milker got her first tit injections and was introduced to the milking
machine's suction cups on her shrinking nipples.

Then it was time to go back to the buss and home. The class went back to the 
rooms for their clothes and then to the lobby.

As a going away guift, HE gave each member of the little class a little set
of milker tag cuff links for the boys and a silver metal replicas of a real
milker clit rings for the girls.

The tired but happy class, boarded the bus and were driven back to the school.
Their day had been filled with many happy memories... (Ah childhood..)

Now Mrs Gunther had 'volunteered' to stay behind at the dairy, at least till
the big meal she had been fed, settled.

She lay face down on a milking station, with a fiery pain in her beasts with
Ilene for the rest of the afternoon.

At supper time, Lory came in and again fed her more of the nutritious mixture
that she had for lunch.

Then about 9 pm, HE came to the station where poor Helga was 'resting' and,
after signing some papers, she was helped to dress and driven home.

Why HE even gave her the milker, Beverly, to see to her needs for the
next few days.

Helga was put to bed, chained face up and her aching tits were massaged
with warm scented oil, for hours to put her into a deep sleep.

In the morning, Beverly forced fed Helga the rich nutritious formulae again
first thing. She was not allowed out of bed till she eaten up every last drop.

Beverly then fixed her hair while she sat on the toilette trying to eliminate
the thick bulky cereal mixture from her previous 'meals' stuck in her full
colon.

Beverly then selected attire for a teachers work day, and impaled the two large,
thick plugs that guaranteed Helga's continence for the rest of the day.

Beverly drove Helga's car over to the dairy to pick up Lory for she too had to
go to school.

After school, before Helga was allowed to relieve herself, she had to give out
the requested blow jobs to the members of Lory's class that had requested them
in the back seat of her own car while Lory videoed the performance and directed
the reluctant teachers every action. 

It got soo boring that Lory had Bev bring along a tv that worked off the 
cigarette lighter to see her soaps while Helga performed fellato on the all ways
horny boys.

Why in no time, with Lory's techniques, Helga's tired old tits took on new
life and she was clit ringed as a producing milker...

By then boy was she proud ...

The end for now ....






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





