BDSM Library - The Slut and Pig Exchange




The Slut and Pig Exchange
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband carries wife to the slut and pig exchange market so she can purchase a new slave.  This time; however, he makes an exchange.
The Slut and Pig Exchange

Jane was all excited as they entered the barn.  Tonight they were going to an
auction where female slaves were trained to be pig servants to their masters or
mistresses.  Tom had won an early invitation and Jane pussy was soaking wet with
the thought of getting a slave she could beat and shove her ass in her face
whenever she wanted.

There were several stales as they walked inside the room.   There were totally
naked women of all ages and races in stalls totally naked on all fours with only
a leash around their necks.   Her pussy was dripping and she saw Tom hard on
through his pants as they paraded around.  She could imagine herself with each
one of them totally controlling their miserable lives.

Finally she saw just what she wanted.  A medium age black woman in one stale
with a well-developed ass.  She admired her ass thinking of the many ways she
could spank it and called Tom over.

"I want that one Tom.  I loved to ride that bitch."  She yelled out loud.  "Come
here bitch," she yelled lifting her dress and masturbating her pussy as the
black woman crawled forward oinking as she taught.

"Look at my pussy piggie; your face is going to spend a lot of time in here." 
She yelled down to her.  She played with it as the woman looked miserably up at
it.  Stroking it for her viewing.

Turning around, she spread her ass at the woman.

"Oink for me piggie.  Bet you can't wait to shove your face in here."  She
yelled again enjoying the woman humiliation.  She heard the woman in the stall
oink and she smiled at her compliance of her command.  This was going to be so
fun she thought.

Tom told her to wait while he went and see what the price was at the office. 
While he was gone, Jane continued her torment of the slave with the masturbation
of her pussy and ass in front of her.   She was dying to grab her leash and lead
her out to the car and sat on her cherry face.   She was getting close to coming
when Tom called from the office and asked her to come in.

Pulling her skirt back down, she wiggled her ass at the woman and went in the
office and sat at the chair Tom pointed out.  A large black lady was sitting
across the desk with a smile on her face.  Jane wished she were one of the pig
slaves they had on auction.  She would wipe that smile off in a hurry.

"We made a deal hun," said Tom, "but it wasn't as I expected."

"What do you mean," said Jane in her normal bitchy tone?  I'll pay for her if
you won't and you know I always get what I want.

"Well," said Tom.  "It's not that easy.  I had too make a deal but it was worth
it."

"Don't matter to me," said Jane.  "Just get it over so I can get my piggie.  My
pussy is soaking wet so hurry up."

"Okay," said Tom.

Before Jane realized what happen, Tom sprayed something in her eyes as she fell
backward from the chair on the floor.   As she gripped her eyes burning in pain,
she felt something on being placed on her nose so she couldn't breathe.  She
tried to yell out as her lungs started burning but all she heard was Tom voice
in the background before she passed out.

"I traded you for her slut," he said.  "Maybe I'll come back and bid on you next
time......."

Jane passed out as she heard his words and panic gripped her.

She awoke to find herself naked laying in hay in one of the stalls she had saw
earlier.  A leach and collar was attached to her neck like a choker.  Her hand
was tied with about 5 inches of rope between them and the same for her feet. 
Fear gripped her as she realized she was in the position she had seen all the
other women in the night before.  She cursed and swore when she get loose,
she'll kill the bastard.

She heard footsteps behind her and turned around to see the large black lady
that was in the office the night before.  She wore a black latex outfit, which
proudly displayed her cunt and hugh breasts.

"Untie me now or I call the police and get all of ya in trouble," Jane yelled.

The black woman just smiled at her and continued walking forward.

"Listen bitch, I don't know what deal my husband worked out with you but all his
money is mine so you better let me go or you'll get nothing from me."  She spat
out.  "I'll have his ass and ........"

Jane never finished the words as the black lady put her fist right in her mid
section causing her to bend over in pain and sink to the floor.  She just caught
her breath when the lady planted her foot on her ass and pushed her flat on the
straw floor.  Her tits stung on the straw floor as she slid forward.  She looked
back just in time to see the woman grab a rod type item from nearby and approach
her.  Trying to get up she felt a sharp sting to her ass and burned like hell
and made her jump up in pain screaming.

"Ah,,,," she screamed.

"That's just a taste of what your ass is going to get if you ever talk to me
without permission," the woman yelled at her.  "Now get on all fours now pig."

You can go to...   Ah...

Again, Jane never got the words finished as rod touched her thigh sending her in
pain and fear.

"Get on all fours pig unless you want this up your asshole next.

Fearing for her life, Jane dropped immediately on all fours."  The woman
repeated the command.

"Better pig.  From now on you oink unless I give you permission to talk is that
understood.  She said pointing the rod near Jane tits.

"Oink, oink," Jane yelled.

"Good."  The lady smiled at her. "Now crawl for me pig and wiggle that white ass
of yours you like to show off." 

Jane started crawling in humiliation knowing the woman was behind watching her
ass.  She felt the rod touch her ass again as she screamed out in pain.

"Oink and wiggle that butt more," the woman demanded.

Jane started shaking her ass sideways as she crawled and oinking as she had seen
the other slaves do the night before.  She was totally humiliated but dared not
stop or feel that dreadful rod again.

"We'll have to widen that asshole of yours pig," the woman said from behind.  "A
lot of my customers like to poke their pigs in the ass.  Especially the woman
customers."

Jane hesitated at the words but felt the rod again.

Oinking as she crawled, tears began rolling down her face.  She continued her
crawling crying and oinking at the same time around the stall till the woman
yelled for her to stop.  She was trying to catch her breath when she felt the
full weight of the woman on her back.

"No, please."  She yelled.

"Did I tell you you could talk?" the woman yelled and struck her with the rod
again causing her to scream in pain.

She felt the rod at the pucker entrance of her asshole and dared not say
anything as the woman started working the rod slowly in her ass.  She gritted
her teeth in pain as it slowly worked its way about 2 inches in.  She dared not
protest from fear of what may happen next.

"There," the black woman said.  "Next time you talk without permission, you'll
regret it."  She gave her a kick on her ass sides with her heels.

"Now crawl bitch," she said and remember to oink.

Jane started crawling with the rod in her ass as sweat poured down her face from
the weight she was carrying on her back.  She was oinking louder not daring to
make the woman mad again.  A couple of times she stumbled and felt the woman
reached back to the rod and she immediately got up and started crawling again. 
She could feel the woman pussy on her back soaking wet.

Finally the woman told her to stop and dismounted leaving her panting on the
stall floor.

"Not bad for a new pig," the woman said.  Taking a seat on a bench in the stall,
she yelled for her to crawl over.  "Eat my cunt pig."

Jane pushed her face in the woman hairy cunt and started lapping.  The rod was
still in her butt and her only thought right now was to please the woman so she
would remove it.  Her cunt was already fully wet and sloppy as she plowed her
tongue around her clit and then started working it in and out her pussy hole. 
She felt her cum but continued till she reached her second climax.

"Not bad," said the woman.  "Now work the back door."

She got up and turned around and presented her large ass to Jane face, as Jane
knew what to do and pushed her face in.  She tongued around her asshole as she
had made other slaves do for her and then started using her tongue as a dildo
working it in and out her asshole.  The woman told her to stroke her pussy as
she ate as Jane reached between her legs and started rubbing.  For some reason
her own pussy was dripping wet as she tongued her asshole and soon found herself
close to her own orgasm before the lady came and told her to stop.

"You have two guests coming in the next hour," the lady said.  "A mother wants
to show her daughter how to train a slave pig and she hates white women so I
suggest you do as the girl tells you or you may not have any ass left."

Reaching behind Jane, she removed the rod from her asshole to her relief and
presented it to her face. 

"Clean my rod," she said.

Jane held her breath and started cleaning the rod.

"I have to go and get the guest ready," the woman said.  "If I hear one comment
that you didn't perform as expected, I'll have the men tie you to a pole and
stake your ass over an open fire.  Is that understood pig."

"Oink," Jane replied in tears.

The woman put her foot on Jane back.

"Now wiggle your ass goodbye for your mistress," she said.  "And if I catch you
playing with that nasty cunt of yours, I'll shove the rod all the way up you
ass."

Jane wiggled her large white ass for her mistress.  She needed to play with her
pussy bad.

Jane had drifted off to sleep with her pussy still wet.  She had always been in
control abusing slaves and this was the first time she had been in the opposite
position.  Her body was totally sore and abused but the wetness between her legs
was evidence that she had enjoyed the abuse.  She drifted off to sleep with a
content look on her face.

What a pig, mom.  Can I have her for a present?

Jane awoke with a start from the noise.

"Maybe someday."  The woman replied  "Today you can just play with her."

Jane turned her head around and saw an elderly black woman with a daughter in
her late teens.  Both were totally naked and had objects attached to a strap
around their waists.  She realized how naked she was on the straw floor and
pulled her knees up to her waist to hide her nakedness.

"Get your ass on all fours pig," the woman commanded.  "Come here so my daughter
can pet your worthless ass."

Jane immediately got on all fours and started crawling towards the girl.  She
made her oinking sounds as she remembered the lady earlier had demanded of her. 
Reaching her, she felt the girl petting her on the head as if she was a dog as
she maintained her position in embarrassment.

"Why don't you take her for a ride," the woman asked her daughter?  "Use the
little strap there to get her ass moving like I showed you earlier.  Don't worry
about beating her too much.  She just a white pig and love it."

Jane maintained her position as the young girl mounted her back.  She could fell
her wetness between her legs and was starting to enjoy the feeling when the
strap hit her left butt cheek.

"Oink," she yelled and started crawling forward.  That strap hurt.  She felt
another on her right and picked up pace as fast as she could.  She knew she
wouldn't be able to take much more of that thing if she wanted to be able to sit
in the future.  Her crawling must have pleased her as the strapping cease as she
continued her crawling and oinking.  She passed the elderly lady several times
and noticed her playing with her cunt at her humiliation by the teen.  The girl,
she felt from the wetness was also getting off on her back.  Probably the reason
why the strapping had ceased.  Finally the elderly lady told her to ride her to
her and asked her to get off while she showed her the proper way to spank a pig
ass.

She demanded Jane get on her back and lift her legs above her head and bend her
knees.  It looked like she was preparing to be fucked from a straight up
position as Jane complied with a redden face in embarrassment at what she must
have looked like.

"I'm going to put ten on that fat white ass of yours pig and if you put your
legs down.  I'll give you ten more."  She warned her.

Taking the strap from her daughter, she brought it down hard across her ass as
Jane screamed out her oink.  The girl was laughing at her humiliation as the
strap came down again.  The woman was showing no mercy and it hurt like hell. 
She maintained her position shifting her ass sideways in desperation.  By the
tenth, she was totally in tears but survived it.

"I think porky needs a tail," the woman said, as Jane stared up in horror.

She saw her grip a dildo attached around her waist and knew what was coming
next.  She started oinking for mercy as she felt it at the entrance to her
asshole which was totally exposed sticking up and then making it way in.  Her
eyes were staring up wildly at the smiling woman still shoving it in her ass as
she pleading with different oinking sounds for mercy.  Her ass was totally on
fire as it finally was fully inserted.  She gasped for air.

"Boy, that ass is stuffed mom," the girl laughed beside her.  "Can I sit on her
face?  My pussy is wet."

"Of course dear,"  The woman replied starting to pull and push the dildo in Jane
asshole. 

Jane watched the young girl walk around and then straddling her face lowered her
cunt on her mouth.  She started working the girl's slit in earnest trying to get
her off as fast as she could.  The dildo in her asshole was starting to go in
with more and more ease as her cunt wettened licking the clit above.  It wasn't
long before the girl climax on her face and she licked up all her juices.

"Get on your knees piggie."  The woman commanded her as the girl finally
dismounted her face.

She handed her daughter a small paddle from her belt side.

"Hold out those white cow jugs of yours so Mandy here can give them a good
paddling."  She demanded.

Jane lowered her legs in pain as the dildo drove deep in her asshole as she sat
back on her knees and held her large white boobs out with her hands.  She had
done the same to several of her slaves in the past and knew it was going to hurt
like hell.  Her cunt was dripping on the straw below in anticipation.  She
didn't have to wait long as the young girl grabbed the paddle and immediately
began beating on her tits.

"Oink, oink, oink."  She yelled out in pain with each hit on her breasts.  The
girl was showing no mercy slapping them rapidly before she could catch her
breath in between.

Oink, oink, oink.

"That enough for now," the elder lady told her daughter.  "We're running out of
time today so get your fake cock and fuck piggie in her ass before we go so she
will remember you next time."

Jane was relieved from the brutal assault on her tits but stared in panic as she
saw the girl grab a strap-on from her mother and started attaching it around her
waist and between her legs.  The thing was as big as her husband cock.  The
woman told her to take the one out of her ass and put it in her mouth.

"Turn around and put your face in the straw," the girl commanded.  "Time to fuck
your big butt piggie."

Jane knew better than to disobey as she turned around and pushed her face in the
straw below and her ass up in back.  She felt the end of the dildo at her
entrance of her asshole and then pain shot all through her body as it plowed
it's way deep inside her bowels.  She wanted to scream out in pain but could
only mummer through the dildo in her mouth as the girl plowed all the way in and
started rocking in and out her ass.  She climaxed and passed out in the stall.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





