BDSM Library - Sorority Toiletslave




Sorority Toiletslave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Submissive teacher and lesbian toiletslave tries the infamous sorority plumbing connection known only to a handfull of lesbian toiletsubs, and then makes a pitch at the dominant lovely teen who gave her breakfast!
Illustrated Fetish Stories for ADULTS ONLY!
  Not for republication     

http://www.slavex.com/                

 'Audrey's Last Resort'
    TJ Ryder



   Audrey, beautiful teacher and toilet slave to Delta House,
the dom/sub lesbian sorority she was owned by, was still wondering what 
her supervisor Mai Ling meant when she said that on days when she was 
hungry and couldn't find enough toilet clients, she could always line 
up at the plumbing pipe.  She thought that was ridiculous until her
first school vacation, and with none of her luscious sorority teenage
beauties to serve for a week, she found herself absently looking at the
tight bottom jeans of a girl at the drugstore checkout, licking her 
full lips.  That was when she realized how difficult it would be
for a woman in her late thirties, even though she was still beautiful,
to not only make a pitch at a teen, but not knowing even if the girl
was dom or not.  Sighing, she gazed at the retreating backside as
she left the store.

  ' What was this Plumbing Pipe anyway?' she wondered.  
 
   It was around 10 AM on a weekday, and she was between periods, and 
finally was curious enough to check this out.  She had the directions, 
and it was the sub basement of the big sorority house.  She had never 
been down there before, but used her key to the room marked 
"MAINTENANCE/ Plumbing".  There were other girls in the brick 
lined room, and a sign, stating:

   TOILET SLAVE RULES:  Only one pass and return to back of line.  
No dawdling, remember, others may be short of time.

   She knew the sorority was huge, but had no idea it was this big.  
There were two girls in line, their backs to her.  One turned and 
smiled at her.  It was Tanya!

   "Audrey, what are you doing here?  I thought I saw you coming 
out of a Ladies Room this morning with Estella."

    Audrey smiled, "I did, but Iv'e never been here, thought I'd 
better check it out in case I have a dry period."  Tanya was gorgeous 
as usual, and she knew her for some time as a lesbo hooker, and ardent 
sub and toilet slave.  The woman in front of her looked close to her 
age, very attractive from the back, and well dressed, and she couldn't 
see but it seemed like her mouth was covering some kind of rubber 
nozzle something.  Looking up the wall, the rubber hose was connected 
to a transparent plastic tube that could be redirected from the main 
sewage line by a gate valve.  This also had a sign.

    "When finished, turn the valve back up"

    "Oh wow," exclaimed Audrey, "this is connected to the girls' 
toilets."

    "Yes," Tanya replied, "but you picked a good time. Sometimes Iv'e 
had to wait for half an hour or more.   Did someone tell you about 
typing school?"  Audrey shook her head.

   Tanya smiled, "you really are lucky then.  The sorority issues a 
clerk typist test, maybe 75 cute young things come in once a week at 
this time.  And some of them use the ladies room.  Normally you 
wouldn't see any of us here."

    "I guess your'e right.  Let's hope we stay lucky." Looking 
around,  Audrey understood now why the toilets worked so differently 
at the sorority.  You always had to flush twice, first for the load, 
second for the water to pour in.  It was obvious the first flush went 
directly to this pipe, where it was designed that a hungry toilet 
slave could divert it directly to her mouth. 

    Then she noticed that when she got closer to the pipe, there was
also a closed circuit monitor, from the floor somewhere in the stall.
Someone had planted a tiny camera somewhere, no doubt someone like Tanya,
who as soon as she looked at her, smiled, shrugged, and mouthed it
wasn't her idea. Not believing her, she heard the girl closest to the
pipe sigh with pleasure, and looked up.  A very attractive brunette
entered, and as she turned around, and dropped her shorts, she had a
beautiful firm white bottom.  Mmmm, sigh, ooooh, were the feminine
sighs of the sub toiletslaves in the room, including her own.

   "Yvonne, you always have the luck!"  Tanya teased the attractive
woman, who stuck her tongue at her and smiled at the monitor, licking
her full lips.  Audrey had to admit it was a nice practical idea. She
tried not to sigh as the girl squatted, and soon a big firm brown knob
appeared, making her lick her full lips!

    "Ooooh," she sighed, and Tanya turned her head slightly.

    "Wish you were next, Audrey?"

    "OOOh, yes!" she admitted.  "Is it far above?"

    "No, just one floor, and the plastic pipe is friction free, so 
it will be nice and hot too!"

    "Oooh!" she sighed, "but we can't clean them afterwards!"

    "No, of course not, but it's better than nothing!"

    "Well, yes, oh yes!  I had no idea!"

    "And they can't hear anything?  The girls I mean?"

    "Oh no, but you'd be surprised, cuz some of the girls know the
score!"

    Audrey gasped!  "They know wer'e...!"

    Tanya smiled, "sure, none of the typists or nurses aides or 
whoever comes into the building for test taking, but there's a little
gossip in the dominance community about it. It's sometimes a fantasy
for a budding domme to do it this way, without actually seeing another
person, for the first few times.  If you think a girl might be wise
she might also hang out at the coffee shop next door for an hour or
so."

    "Wow, that makes it easy," Audrey made a face,"I just walk up to
a strange girl and thank her for dinner!"

    "Sure," Tanya teased, "why not?"  

    Hearing  a running water sound, she heard the pipes rattle, and in 
the plastic  tube a thick brown tube quickly coming down.  

   Immediately the well dressed woman, apparently a toilet slave 
Audrey had never met, sucked avidly while pinching her nipples.  
After much gulping Audrey saw a yellow liquid running down the same 
pipe, which the woman swallowed, moaning softly.  She ate and drank 
until finally, sighing, took a tissue from a nearby box, cleaned the 
rubber nozzle she was sucking, and turned and smiled at Tanya.  
While she was doing this an attractive sorority servant came in 
and joined the line behind Audrey.

    The woman who had finished had a glazed look as she licked her 
lips, and walked to the end of the line and joined it, as Tanya took 
her place.  "I have to get ready now, Audrey, sometimes I have to 
just duck in."  She undid her top, her bountiful big breasts swaying 
freely, and using her fingernails, lightly pinched each nipple as 
her mouth covered the rubber nozzle, quickly because a new girl was
grunting and sighing, and several girls sighed at the big hot thick
load emerging from her beautiful anus, and the pipes were 
making noise again.  Soon she too was moaning and gulping and sighing.

    The girls behind her began chatting about the day, apprently 
knowing each other as Tanya sucked the tube dry.
Audrey was beginning to salivate herself listening to Tanya.
It was true that she had not toilet served earlier and  was 
getting hungry now.  She wanted to be ready, and following Tanya's 
example, slipped down her top, her huge firm breasts swaying with 
hard brown nips.  Finally, Tanya turned and smiled at Audrey, before 
she too, joined the end of the line.  "I need to have seconds today," 
she smiled.  

    "You mean fourths," a girl said, and everyone laughed.  Audrey 
had already covered the rubber nozzle, stretching her lips around 
the hard nozzle.  Kind of uncomfortable, but the rubber allowed her 
to make a good seal. Looking up, she sighed at the sight of a lovely
young thing looking at the toilet, and then turning, and lifting up
her short skirt, and pulling down her white panties.  Mmmmmmfff, she
could hear her grunt and sigh, as with relief a big thick brown knob
got bigger and bigger, and began to hang down. Hearing the pipes shake, 
she looked up at the  clear plastic, and a really thick hard looking load 
was sliding down.  

    "Way to go Audrey," laughed Tanya.  Audrey realized how lucky 
she was as she felt the warm hard thickness hit the back of her mouth.  
It was an excellent load, not as hot as directly from a lovely girl's 
sweet ass, but not bad.  She softly gulped as she pinched her nipples.  
She had to spend a minute eating and drinking a full bladderful of 
hot piss, mmm, slurp, gulp, gulp to catch up with this unknown girl's 
treat. As she swallowed, she looked at the monitor, knowing that's 
what it was for, and watched the cute big breasted blonde appear to
look directly at the hidden camera, and did she have a little smile
she tried to hide? Or did she just imagine it? In any case, thinking she
did smile smugly at her, Audrey came as she sucked the nozzle out, and 
panting and sighing and licking her full lips, then wiped it 
clean, before turning and handing the nozzle to the lovely buxom young 
thing who covered it with her ripe lips.  Audrey left her top down, 
red faced and flushed, as she decided to join Tanya at the back of 
the line.  

    "Going for an encore, Audrey? Tanya smiled.

    "I have about 20 minutes left on my break, and I would like to 
eat another load.  What do you think?"

    "Maybe, I'd do it.  What do you think?"

    "Well," Audrey smiled, "Its a last resort all right, but I"m 
glad I know its here."  Tanya nodded, it wasn't much fun, but filled 
the void sometimes.  Everyone heard pipes rattling and the attractive 
woman in front who had already dined once bent over with her blouse 
open.  All eyes followed the dark brown cylinder in the plastic in its 
path to her waiting mouth.  Soon she was moaning and gulping, sighing 
and slurping.  After she swallowed the hot yellow bladderload and 
cleaned off the rubber nozzle, she turned and let Tanya take her 
place.  Audrey noted her big firm breasts had large yellow plastic 
pincher clothespins on each thick nipple.  The woman apparently was 
finished because she undid them and stood out of the line.  Audrey 
asked her if she could borrow the clothespins, and the woman nodded, 
unsmiling.  'What a bitch,' she thought, attaching the pinchers to her 
own erect nipples, sighing as they painfully dug into the sensitive 
flesh.  A new girl entered the line in back of her, naked except for 
heels.  Audrey chatted while they waited, noticing she was attaching 
stainless steel pinchers to nipples, sides of her full breasts as 
well as her cuntlips.

   Looking at her pink marble of a swollen clitoris, she asked why 
doesn't clamp that.  The punkerish type girl smiled, shaking her head.

   "I'd spray cream all over as soon as I touch it.  I'd like to go 
through the line 2 or 3 times first.  How's it going Tanya?"

    Tanya said it was slowing down, but hearing the rattling, pinched 
each nipple as she glued her lips to the nozzle, beginning to savour a 
hot thick load.  Eating and moaning, she came as she dined.  Soon A
udrey was taking her place, Tanya having dressed and dashed off. 
Audrey decided she was going to cum, like it or not, the next load she 
ate.  She borrowed another pincher clamp from the girl behind her, 
slipped down her skirt and panties, and gritted her teeth as it covered 
her raised clitoris, biting in with serrated points.   

   'OOHHHH" she moaned, as the other girls giggled.  Stopping when she 
heard plumbing noises, she glued full lips to the warm rubber mouthpiece, 
the nozzle comfortably stretching her mouth wide open.  Out of the 
corner of her eyes again, her nipples and clit pinched and on fire, 
she saw a hot thick brown log slide down the plastic pipe.

    Mmmmm, she thought, gulping it, mmm, slurp, gulp, oh yes, so delicious, 
as she gulped and sighed and twisting as she ate, came in her panties 
under the cruel clit pincher.  Yes, she thought, thinking of a lovely 
young thing wiping her sweet cheeks even now, wishing she could tongue 
clean her as a toilet servant should, but at least her precious food 
isn't wasted.  Finally, rinsing out her mouth with her golden 
bladderfull, she took the clamps off and dressed,  as only two girls 
remained.  She bade goodbye even as the punkerish girl was gulping a 
hot thick load joyously from the pipe.  Outside, she was uncertain.  
'Emergency only,' she vowed, knowing that could be addictive and 
lead to social problems.

   Feeling full and having cum twice hard, she emerged from the basement
feeling much better and relieved, and went into a ladies room to rinse
out her mouth and floss and touch up her makeup. Then, she stopped
at the quadrangle, not crowded because of the vacation, and looked over 
at the Coffee Bean!

   What did Tanya say?  Sometimes if a knowing girl is trolling she might
hang out at the coffee shop later?  Would she dare do that and would she 
herself dare go over and approach her somehow?  She thought that since the 
campus is almost deserted the coffee shop might not be crowded.
 
   'I suppose' she finally said to herself, "why not?"  But the fact is
since she took that job for Delta Sorority she hadn't been in the dating
scene for a long time.  Girls just used her when they felt like it and
she had gotten used to that way. Steeling herself, her back straight,
she touched up her makeup, glad she wore a kind of slutty revealing
dress, and decided if nothing else happened, a mocha cooler would be
a nice chaser to two thick hot delicious movements!

    Stepping inside, she was glad it was a living room type coffee shop
because there were little seating arrangements in plush chairs everywhere,
and in one little corner, sat a blonde teenager, and even though the 
monitor was black and white, thought she saw a resemblance to the girl's
tight top and short microskirt!  Was she the same girl?  She got her mocha
and hesitated, seeing empty seats everywhere, and looked at the empty seat
directly across from the girl, close to her.  'If I sit there, she'll wonder
why I sat so close when there are plenty of seats.  She'll think I'm making
a pass before I even make it!'

    Sipping her mocha while standing up, she nodded, 'why not have her think
that?  I am anyway', and as she sat down, smiling at the girl who just nodded
at her, wondered if she was the same girl after all!

    "Hi!"  Audrey smiled pleasantly, although her voice was a little trembly.

    "Hello," the girl said, not smiling, and continued to read the paper.

    Frowning a little, Audrey considered her over the lid of her mocha,
and then crossed her shapely legs, her short skirt riding up.  It caught
the attention of the lovely teen all right, she decided, almost flashing
her a look up her skirt at her panties!  She thought the girl was shifting
in her seat, crossing her own shapely legs now.  Now what? Audrey wondered.

   She slowly finished the mocha as the girl finished hers, and then stood
up. Audrey noted her very familiar backside as she turned and stood up also,
picking up her handbag.

   "Um," she smiled, feeling she had to make a pitch or lose it.  Maybe she
was too old for the girl, maybe she was here by coincidence, but it was 
definitely the same gorgeous bottom.  The girl paused and looked at her
curiously.

    "Um, ah, I haven't seen you here before!  My name's Audrey!"

    "Really?" the girl said a little coolly.  "Iv'e been here several
times actually!"

   "Oh, well, I haven't been here for a while myself, I suppose!"  Where
was this going anyway?  Finally she blushed, and blurted out, "but I did
want to thank you for breakfast today!"  She watched the girl's expression
change to surprise, and then confusion, and then she backed off.  "Or perhaps
I made a mistake, my pardon!"  She walked out, feeling like an idiot, and
then she heard the girl call her.

   "Wait!"  Audrey stopped on the sidwalk in front of the shop and turned
around, still red faced.

   "Yes, miss?"

   "I want to talk to you!"  the luscious girl said, coming up to stand
near her.

    "All right!"

    "Then it's true, about the  basement plumbing?"

    Audrey wasn't sure how to respond, and just half smiled, nodding,
"Yes, ma'am, I think it is!"

    Biting her lower lip in thought, the girl looked Audrey over carefully,
wondering what to say.  "Iv'e been going there for some time now, ever since
a girlfriend told me about it.  And coming to this coffee shop afterwards,
but nobody has ever actually approached me!"

   "Is that what you want, ma'am?"

   The girl sighed, growing impatient, "one of us had better stop stalling,
don't you think?  

      "Um, ah, well, madame, I was just thinking that if someday you'd like
to do that again, in person, I would be very pleased to serve you!"

   The girl finally smiled, "I hope you don't think I'm rich, Audrey!
I'm just a working girl over at the megamart!"

   "Oh, madame, that makes no difference to me at all!"

   "Because, I had a relationship once with a girl, and we did some games,
and when I logged onto a lez friendly group and listened in for a while,
I wanted to do that again!"

   Blushing, Audrey smiled warmly and nodded, "yes ma'am!"

   "But I heard most of the toiletsluts were servants, and I think Iv'e
seen you around campus here, teaching classes!"

    "Um, well, I'm both, madame!"

    "Oh, well, then, well, maybe, I have to go now!"  Audrey was very
disappointed then.  "But," she said, looking into her purse, and handing
her a slip of paper.  "Here's my card.  If you really want to, call me
later!"

    "Oh, of course, madame!"  

******************

    That same evening, Audrey was home in her tiny room at the sorority,
and dialed the number, for a miss Daphne Rogers, Sales clerk, but taking
some fashion merchandizing classes at the college.

    "Oh, Audrey," the girl said, seemed to smile by her voice, "I wondered
if you'd really call!"

    "I knew I would, madame!"

    "I suppose you want a date or, something?"

    'Yes ma'am!"  Audrey decided to play the role straight, not over friendly,
because she was concerned if the girl was not actually a domme then it would
just get all complicated.

    "But, your'e  a servant, meaning you have no place of your own we could
meet then?"

    Audrey rolled her eyes, "I'm sorry, ma'am, I-I really don't.  Wer'e not
allowed to have visitors at the sorority where I work!"

    "Figures, well, I guess you could come over here.  I have this really 
tiny studio, but its private anyway.  Could you come by Saturday morning,
around 10?"

    "Oh, sure, madame, I'd be glad to!"

    "And, well, um, Audrey, you don't have a problem with a little, well,
correction, do you?  I need to know this up front!"

    Audrey swallowed, feeling a shiver of fear and anticipation both, "I, ah,
well, am not un accustomed to discipline, madame.  I do like to know what
it is and what it is for beforehand, though, usually.  I mean at the sorority
we have a rule that the servant must know what she had done wrong before
she is punished!"

    "Well, that makes sense!  But suppose you didn't do anything wrong, and
don't you get disciplined anyway, as kind of, well, way to get acquainted
better, you know, break the ice?"

    "Well, yes madame, that too!"

     "Very nice, I'm looking forward to Saturday, Audrey!"

     "I am too, thank you madame!"

 *********

     Audrey was very nervous that Saturday.  She was always nervous before
she served a new girl, and her rather vague conversation didn't help much.

    At first, it went all right, she was friendly, supportive, and the girl
as she hoped was more confident in her own digs, her tiny studio above a
storefront.  The girl was luscious though, in her short skirt and halter
top, and Audrey was in her sluttiest outfit!

   "Yes it is small, but I like it, and I manage the consignment shop
downstairs so it is convenient!!"

    "REally," Audrey smiled, "I went by it several times before and
wondered what it was.  Leather and Lace!"

    "It's a reseller for bondage and discipline items, sex toys, that
kind of stuff!  You can't believe the ordinary looking people who are
into that stuff!"

    "Wow,"  Audrey could imagine it very well.

    "In fact, before I need, to, well, go, I'd like to try something
on you, Audrey!"

    "Um, s-sure!"

    "Very good, I hoped you'd understand, would you mind stripping first?"

    "N-no, of course not!"   

    As she disrobed, she watched the girl pull out an odd looking leather
accessory.

    "I was hoping I'd find a buxom woman like you to model this on, actually!"

    Standing nude, her big buxom breasts swaying, she allowed the girl 
to pin her arms behind her back, and soon from her elbows down she
was helplessly bound in attached leather gloves!

    "OoOh, excellent, that will make an excellent photo, let's add a mask
unless you don't mind showing your face?"

    "Pl-please, add the mask, madame!  I wouldn't be surprised if a sorority
girl shops here!"

    "Mmmm, now I'm going to just put a couple of camers on automatic,
and then, oh, you said you didn't mind discipline as an icebreaker isn't
that right, Audrey?"

    Wearing the tight matching leather mask covering the top of her
head, and then with laces attached to nipple clamps that pulled her nipples
every time she moved quickly, she shook her head,  "N-no, madame!"

    "Very good, now, let's start with you standing in the middle, okay!
Move over here now,"  She picked up a thin cane, and whacked Audrey
across her buttocks, making her yelp as she hastened to move in her heels
to the spot indicated.

    "Oooh, squealing like a pig already,  ooh ho,  WHACK!   AEIIIEE!"

    "That's good, turn and present that bottom now,  Very good, WHACK!
WHACK! WHACK!  WHACK! Audrey was already sobbing now, red marks across
her white butt cheeks.

    "You know, even thighs are very sensitive aren't they? WHACK! WHACK!"

    (Gasp)  "Y-yes ma'am!"

    "And, stick those cow udders out, tramp!  Do it or I'll use the 
cattle prod!"

    "Yes -yes ma'am!"

    "WHACK!  AEIIEIEE!"  Audrey contorted with pain as the crop went
across both breasts, pulling on her nipples!  The girl chuckled at her
reaction.

    "Now, really, servant, try to keep still!"

     "I'm - Gasp trying, madame!"

     WHACK!  EEEEEEEKKK!

     Even though she was in pain, she loved being abused this way,
and tried to arch her breasts out to meet the crop but she always
flinched, and she hoped the girl at least would avoid her nipples
with the crop.   WHACK! ADHAHDHHHHHHHH!   Audrey blubbered, tears
running down her cheeks while cuntcream ran down her inner thighs.

    "You are a cheap slut, Audrey, you know that?  My customers will
be able to identify with an old whore like you!"  WHACK! WHACK!

   Finally, Audrey was trying to avoid the blows rather than take them,
and while sobbing and heaving, realized she hadn't been hit for a minute.
Looking around, she saw the girl bending over and putting her whips 
away, and sighed thankfully.

    "All over, madame?"

    "You want more, slut?"

    (Smile)  "N-no ma'am, I was just wondering is all!"

    Coming back to her, the girl frowned, "It was rather frustratingly
short, slutty, but now I have another job for you, turn and let me untie
you!"

    "Yes ma'am!"  She agreeably presented her bound wrists, and when
freed, stretched her aching shoulders, and she was happy her mask
was taken off also, and finally her nipples could jiggle without being
pulled on.

    "Do hurry up, Audrey, I have to go soon, and I'm so looking forward
to using a cheap old tramp for the first time in so long!"

   "OF course, um," looking around with confusion, she didn't see any porta
potty anywhere, and then looked at the cameras.  Was she still being recorded?

   "I'm not filming this, stupid!  Just lie on your back and stop being
stupid!"

    Audrey nodded, realizing this girl was really a nasty bitch after all.

    Lying on her back on the tile floor of the bathroom, she looked up 
as the girl straddled her head, and realized the girl had already removed
her panties from under her short skirt.  Mmmm, she thought, I would have liked
to suck those panties a little!

    "Okay now, slutface!" the girl smiled down at her, "I'm going to squat, 
but I want to try and go slow.  Do just what I tell you and maybe I won't
punish you afterwards!"

    "Yes ma'am!"  Audrey smiled, licking her full lips. The girl squatted
and her cunt and anus inches from Audrey's lips, ordered her to worship her.
The woman sighed, aching to, and soon the girl sighed, her cunt and crack and
anus licked and kissed and tongue probed worshipfully as Audrey moaned, licking
and eating her out, but then she had to push, and Audrey moved her head back,
her mouth wide open.

   Squirming on the tile floor, her mouth wide open, she sighed as she 
caught some hot piss drops across her breasts and belly, making her moan.

   Daphne smiled down at her, "like that, teacher?"

   "Mmmmm,oooh yes, madame!"

   "Mmmmpf, then, (grunt) you'll really, (grunt) like, ummpff...this!"

   Daphne sighed as the huge brown log emerged, dangling down to Audrey's 
expectant licking lips, and tried to slow it, hold it, gasping with effort,
and Audrey was surprised and delighted it halted, quivering inches from her
full lips.

   (Gasp) "Now, (gasp), let me see you worship it, pigslut!  Do hurry now!"

    Audrey was so pleased, licking her lips, and lovingly ran her lips
and tongue all over the dripping hot knob.  "Mmmmmm, thank you madame!"

   She only had time to tongue wash and lick the whole knob, but Daphne 
even though it was uncomfortable, enjoyed watching her do it immensely.

   "That's a good pig, lick it all over, trampy!"

   "slurp, mmm,kiss, kisss, kissssslurp, lick, mmmmslurp!" But then she
couldn't hold it, and Audrey could feel it weakening in the center, and 
raised her open mouth, enveloping it in her mouth, supporting the weight,
as she let it slide down her throat, moaning and gulping, slurping and
sighing.  It took a long time, but Daphne slowly pushed it out, and Audrey
ate and swallowed, sometimes, pausing and kissing it so the girl could 
see her.  

    "Mmmmmm, slurp, gulp,  mmmmm!"

    "Did you enjoy that, piglet?"

    "Mmmm, kiss, oooh yes, madame.  Thank you!"

*******

    
   For more toilet slave F/fm stories ILLUSTRATED! 
visit http://www.slavex.com/



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TJ Ryder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





