BDSM Library - The Messenger of Pain




The Messenger of Pain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It`s the fifteen hundreds, times when starvation was the result of failure for most people, times when the law was harsh and the punishments more so. This man has a message to carry to the wanton sluts in the prison service care. Those whores of society, fit only for sexual use and abuse, fit only to be whipped, thrashed and tortured as he sees fit. The messenger does all of that and more! The governors daughter and wife are made to do things together. Has this man no heart? It appears not and that is just the beginning. WARNING: Contains extremely hard and nasty scenes.&quot;THE MESSENGER OF PAIN&quot; 
by 
Jay Merson 
(c) Copyright. Jay Merson. 2000. 
The right of Jay Merson to be identified as the author of this book
    has been asserted in accordance with Section 77 and 78 of the Copyrights
    and patents act 1988. 
This electronic book published originally by A1AdultEbooks and reproduced
    here with permission of both author and publisher. 
Author Biography: Jay Merson is a prolific BDSM scene author, with
    some 80+ titles to his credit covering a range of adult themes. �The Messenger
    of Pain� is one of his more extreme titles and contains very hard and nasty
    scenes � reader beware! 
Author's email: merson@a1adultebooks.com 
Author's website: http://jaymerson.a1adultebooks.com/index.htm 
Publisher's website: http://a1adultebooks.com/site.php 
Her naked body slammed hard against the rough wooden stake under the
    impact of the lash. Her breasts were crushed by her own body weight and the
    air forced from her lungs, as she was jolted forward. Her eyes bulged wide
    and her mouth gaped open as the excruciating pain bit into the small of her
    back and burned deeply down through her body. It was a most wicked of assaults
    on her bare flesh, pain and humiliation such as she could never have dreamt
    of. Since the stranger had arrived in the commune life had taken a different
    twist, a sadistic and brutal twist that seemed destined to remain. 
***Somerset , England ,
    1572. 
At the top of the rise the man in black halted his horse and eased
    himself up in the saddle. He looked down to the fields below and the many
    women of the commune working there, his cock began to stir into life and
    a broad smile creased his wicked face. They, the na&iuml;ve little bitches,
    would soon receive the message he carried for them, would they like it? He
    couldn't give a damn for receive it they would anyway. He began to laugh,
    his shoulders shaking as his mirth grew. With his cock now at full erection
    within his tight riding breeches he spurred his horse to a walk and began
    descending the slope toward them. 
The women paused in their labours, leaning on their hoes and shovels
    to view the tall stranger as he rode slowly down the small track that passed
    through the working area. The chains connecting their ankles, partially hidden
    by their long skirts, trailed along the furrows that they were digging. Their
    eyes widened as he passed them, innocent and child-like stares of bewilderment
    from beneath the starched white bonnets of the commune garb. One or two gave
    an involuntary shudder as they noted the piercing black eyes of the man,
    it was as though the devil himself was arriving, fear gripped and spread
    through them, his aurora preceding his passage. The women backed slowly away
    from the passing horse in an instinctive defensive move. 
&quot;God preserve us all, it's the devil himself,&quot; one woman
    muttered and returned to her work with her head and gaze downcast. 
Silently the others did likewise, averting their gazes and wishing
    upon wish that the stranger would simply water his horse at the compound
    and be gone. Non-however, dared to believe that fortune such as that could
    shine down upon them. 
&quot;Is it Judge Jeffrey's - the hanging judge?&quot; one young girl
    asked her older companion. 
The woman didn't look up and continued hoeing the soil. 
&quot;Worse I fear,&quot; she said in a voice that portrayed her deep
    nervousness, &quot;that is the Messenger from hell.&quot; 
***Bypassing the commune for the time being, the stranger had a mission
    to fulfil before making his official visit. This one would be purely for
    pleasure, his pleasure and as a lesson to all that should fail in their service
    of the cause. It was how it should be, how it had to be if his authority
    was to remain unchallenged. He steered his horse out across the fields to
    the woodland beyond and the small farmstead that lay to the side of it. The
    commune was distant now and to his rear as the stranger rode into the neatly
    fenced paddocks of the governor's house. 
The white painted shutters and a red tiled roof added to the charm
    and obvious wealth that abounded in this select building set apart from the
    rest of the commune. Neatly tended gardens and painted fence rails added
    a tranquil calmness to the place, one that was soon to be brutally shattered. 
The woman was on the porch as he approached, a most handsome woman
    with a pretty face and long black hair piled up at the back and clipped in
    a bun at the back. The long flowing skirts couldn't disguise the neat shape
    of her body beneath as at the bust the material pulled under and over her
    chest to portray the size of her breasts beneath. She held her young daughter
    to her, a protective arm around the girl's shoulder and concern etched in
    her worried expression. That concern increased as the tall man dismounted
    at the edge of the porch and tethered his horse to the hitch rail. 
&quot;Do you recognise me woman?&quot; 
Her face was pale and her expression set, she clutched her daughter
    more tightly to her and nodded slowly. 
&quot;You are sent from the Chief Procurator.&quot; 
&quot;Correct,&quot; he said and walked up the steps, onto the porch.
    He paused to eye tem critically and then pushed past them into the house
    itself. The Messenger turned; eyeing the young daughter lustfully as the
    two women hesitantly followed him into the wide lounge and closed the door.
    He set the long black holdall down on the table and expanded his chest in
    a gesture of commanding authority. 
&quot;Your husband has failed in his duties as governor of the commune
    here.&quot; 
&quot;Oh God,&quot; the woman whimpered fearfully. 
&quot;And you know the price he must pay for that failure don't you?&quot; 
The woman nodded mournfully, crossed herself with her fingers and
    clutched her daughter to her side. 
&quot;I am a fair man,&quot; he said in a low growling voice, &quot;and
    will allow you to recompense in part for the unacceptable error of your man.&quot; 
He grinned, a most sadistic and menacing thin smile that portrayed
    his pleasure at the statement. From his pocket he withdrew the lengths of
    cord and teased them out in strands for the benefit of the watching women. 
&quot;And as you know,&quot; he chuckled, &quot;failure always carries
    a price. That price you must now pay on behalf of your incompetent spouse.&quot; 
The woman tried to usher her daughter away to safety but the tall
    man halted the girl, grasping her wrist and pulling her to him. Expertly,
    he bound the rope around her wrist, pulled both hands behind her back and
    bound them tightly together. 
&quot;How old are you, slut?&quot; 
&quot;Just eighteen, yesterday in fact, sire&quot; the girl blurted
    in her nervousness. 
The Messenger growled his delight and pushed the girl to the side.
    He motioned with a hand that the mother was next and she moved forward passively
    with her wrists extended to be tied also. She was trembling, her hands shaking
    as the ropes were looped around her wrists and pulled tightly and knotted.
    Her expression was one of stunned bewilderment and fear, she couldn't object,
    the consequences for her husband should she, would be unthinkable. 
With her wrists now bound in front of her the woman was led and then
    dragged pulling and struggling through to the bedroom. The sobbing daughter
    ran along behind in panic-stricken fear and concern. Roughly the mother was
    thrown down on the big bed to lie on her back whimpering in fear as the Messenger
    secured the rope to the head of the bed. He tied her ankles also, pulling
    her feet wide apart before securing the ropes to the legs of the bed. 
The daughter was sobbing lightly and fearfully as he pushed her to
    the side wall and bound her hands to the door handle to render her immovable
    and helpless. A reluctant viewer of the scene unfolding, she could do nothing
    but watch from her roped prison against the strong door. 
&quot;Sluts, are to be used,&quot; he said in a low and menacing tone, &quot;used
    to pay the price - with their bodies.&quot; 
&quot;Noooo!&quot; the woman wailed and writhed and bucked against
    her bonds. &quot;We have done nothing wrong.&quot; 
He laughed, a sadistic and mocking laugh that showed his disregard
    for any feelings but his own. The Messenger began to undress, taking his
    time and savouring the heady and fear-filled atmosphere in the room. Slowly
    and methodically he removed his clothes and folded each garment carefully
    before placing it to the side. 
Both women averted their eyes as he stripped naked, the daughter from
    embarrassed politeness and the mother from disgusted fear. 
The Messenger began, grasping the woman's clothing at the front and
    ripping it roughly from her body. He laughed aloud at her screamed protests
    as first her dress and then her bodice, her under garments and then her final
    vestige of modesty covering her sex were ripped from her. He then forced
    several pillows up under her backside to push her hips and hairy mons high
    above the rest of her body and allowed himself a fumbled feel of the black
    hairy mound now presented to him. She was naked and bound, stretched and
    offered helpless as she sobbed her misery and begged to be spared. An ungainly
    position that pulled her thighs wide and showed her sex in full and unhindered
    offering of crude and blatant sexual display. 
His cock stuck out hard in erection, twitching in excited arousal
    and in expectation of the pleasure to come. His ball sac was full and firm,
    his sperm filling the hard sac and ready to explode with a force that would
    portray his high level of need to expel it. The Messenger moved to the daughter,
    standing in front of her now smiling broadly and gloating his power and command
    over her. 
&quot;So sweet and innocent,&quot; he muttered gleefully. 
&quot;Not her, please not my daughter,&quot; the woman screamed from
    her prison on the bed. She pulled and strained at the restraining ropes,
    her head and shoulders pulling up to strain forward in urgent and desperate
    pleading for mercy. 
His head threw back and he laughed aloud. 
&quot;All must pay the price,&quot; he said and began tearing at the
    girl's clothing. 
He ripped and pulled, tugged and tore until her fresh youthful body
    was displayed naked and shamed. Her cute little breasts jutted out from her
    chest and the under developed nipples, rosy pink and puckered looked wonderfully
    desirable in their innocence. Between her legs a wispy coating of dark hair
    covered her mound to contrast against the pale skin of her thighs and belly. 
The young girl sobbed as he felt and kissed at her tits, sucking on
    the nipples and moaning his pleasure at the warm vibrant feel of the young
    girl. His long tongue lapped and slid over her firm mounds in a greedy tasting
    of her youthful body. She stood naked and passively as he felt and touched
    her, her shoulders and slight frame shaking as she sobbed her shame and misery
    under his lecherous groping. 
His hand slid between her legs to cup and to feel her puffy pussy
    lips, his middle finger resting down the moist slit of her sex. His great
    hand moulded itself to the soft but firm curve of her body as it dipped in
    between the tops of her young thighs. The heel of his hand pressed against
    the little bud of her clitoris and his cock jerked in reaction as he felt
    the little bump stiffening. 
For many minutes his hands roamed all over her body, her hips and
    thighs, her waist, her breasts and pussy. He allowed himself a long grope
    of her taut buttocks, slipping his finger down the tight cleft between them
    before breaking away and returning his attentions to the protesting mother. 
The Messenger opened his holdall and pulled out a short thick cane,
    it was of highly polished ash with a thicker handle bound in leather. He
    weighed the cane menacingly as he walked to the side of the bed and positioned
    himself. He rested the cane across the mound of the woman's mons and sniggered
    at the way she cringed and withdrew as much as she could within her restraining
    bonds. 
&quot;Sing well, slut, for I simply love noisy women when they are
    in pain.&quot; 
He raised the cane and brought it down on her with a fearfully hard
    thwack. Her whole body bucked and writhed before locking in tension as the
    pain flooded through her. The scream that came from her was so loud that
    it could surely have carried out to the fields beyond and her hips jerked
    in a convulsive bucking of sheer agony. Four times he struck her as the woman
    and daughter wailed their misery to otherwise silent room. Their heartfelt
    protests being aired and the pleading for mercy they were voicing simply
    added to his excitement. He lashed harder still, aiming the blows now down
    the slit of her stretched pussy and hitting on the bump of her clitoris to
    add extra excruciating pain. Again and again he struck her, each hard lash
    of the cane slapping at her sex and bringing excruciating waves of agony
    to the screaming woman. It was a ferocious assault on the slim naked form
    and on the tenderest parts of her body too. 
At length and after ten hard lashes he paused to stroke at his throbbing
    cock. The man stood silently rubbing himself, inspecting the shaking body
    of the snotty woman beneath him. The red lips of her pussy portrayed the
    severity of the beating, reddened and bruised with purple areas already showing
    her lips had swollen and doubled in size under the fearful thrashing. He
    sniggered and threw the cane aside and then mounted the bed and knelt between
    the woman's parted thighs. 
&quot;Me,&quot; she begged between sobs, &quot;have me but please
    leave my daughter alone.&quot; 
He forced his cock up inside the woman's bruised pussy, ramming it
    home until all of it was inside her body and his pubic arch was pressing
    hard against her clitoris. He allowed himself three long and slow strokes
    before pulling out of her. The Messenger then pressed the head of his cock
    against her anus and pressed in, pushing his cock fully up inside the screaming
    woman's rectum and defiling her most secret of places. He rested there gloating,
    absorbing the sensations of her warm pulsing body around his hard cock, the
    fear and pain etched in her expression a bonus to the wonderful feel of her.
    The sobs racking her body brought delightful gripping sensations around his
    cock as her internal muscles clamped and relaxed in a wonderful rhythmic
    pulsing of sheer pleasure. Six hard lunges he gave her before pulling out
    and resting back on his heels, his wet and slippery cock glinting in the
    daylight pouring in through the window. 
&quot;Now that little slut daughter of yours I think.&quot; 
To the frantic thrashing and screaming of the woman the Messenger
    dismounted from the bed and freed the naked daughter from the door handle.
    He pushed the sobbing girl face down on top of her mother, crushing her,
    breasts to breasts and mons against mons, and then he knelt between the open
    thighs again. His cock reared in high excitement as he pressed the head into
    the moist pink folds of the daughter's inner lips, her warm young body a
    true delight to be in contact with. 
&quot;Your maidenhead his about to be broken, girl,&quot; he sneered
    and forced up inside her cunt in one brutal and long thrust. 
The girl bucked and screamed as he rammed painfully up inside her
    tender interior, his great length and thickness ripping at her previously
    unexplored insides. Her back arched to press her stomach harder down onto
    her mother and her head threw back as the burning pain in her insides burned
    through her. 
Five slow and hard lunges he gave her before pulling out of the young
    body, her hymen blood coating his pulsing cock. He used both thumbs to ease
    her taut buttocks apart and to expose the rosy pink ring of her anus and
    then located the great head against the tight puckered ring. 
The girl wailed pitifully as he forced his cock up her arse, ramming
    it hard and fully up her tight little tunnel to send her whole body into
    a series of racking spasms, spasms of pain that added a delightful dimension
    of sensations for him. Gripping the young girl's hips he fucked her hard,
    ramming into her body to grind her naked body down onto that of her mother
    beneath. He arched his back and held his head high as he rammed into the
    girl to defile her secret orifice, the tightness of her around him a delight
    not often experienced in one so young. 
It was most satisfying to him that the young girl gagged and vomited
    as he emptied himself up inside her. He pulled back hard on her hips as his
    cock jerked inside her to spill his hot seed deep into her soft interior.
    As he pulled out of her he slapped her presented and ripped backside playfully. 
&quot;A most satisfying fuck you have provided me with,&quot; he announced
    loudly. &quot;I will visit you again before my visit is finished.&quot; 
He got off the bed and began to dress, again in slow and unhurried
    fashion that showed his total contempt for them. 
&quot;Your husband must know nothing of my being here until the time
    is right that he should know. You will say nothing of this - or suffer most
    terribly you will for it. You will go into chains in the commune it one word
    of this is spoken and your husband...?&quot; 
He chuckled as he dressed, to the deep and miserable sobbing of the
    two women on the bed. His thoughts then moved to the commune, the many women
    there and of the message that he had for them. 
***In the governor's quarters of the commune the stranger sat, lounged
    back in the chair and with his feet resting up on the table. He chewed noisily
    on a chicken leg and tapped at his boot with the other hand, the long riding
    crop striking leather against the polished leather. 
&quot;Your commune has the worst production rate in the country, the
    Lord Procurator is most displeased. He has sent me to investigate and to
    remedy this unacceptable situation.&quot; 
The governor wriggled in embarrassment, his face flushed red as he
    stumbled to reassure the stranger. He was a small and podgy man, over fed
    and balding slightly but well dressed, he looked an authoritative figure
    if in reality he was too weak in character. 
&quot;I have witches at work here, within the ranks of women there
    are subversives that scheme and plot against me. They are lazy and induce
    others to be likewise, they fail me at every turn despite my fair-minded
    rule over them.&quot; 
The stranger threw the remnants of the chicken leg casually aside
    and gulped at his wooden beaker of mead. His tone when he spoke was one filled
    with sarcasm and irritation. 
&quot;And what have you done to eradicate these devil worshipers?&quot; 
&quot;Flogged them, two of the ringleaders have been flogged and to
    no effect. They continue in their obstinate defiance of me.&quot; 
The stranger swung his feet to the floor and stood, he walked to the
    window and looked down into the courtyard below. 
&quot;How many women do you have here and what are their ages?&quot; 
&quot;Two hundred in all plus some with their husbands or fianc&eacute;es.
    All are outcasts or criminals of one type or another and sent here for varying
    lengths of sentence. Ages are from eighteen to twenty-nine but we have five
    older ones in their early thirties.&quot; 
The stranger felt his cock stir and stiffen, his balls were full and
    aching, the time was coming when he would again cleanse the female flesh
    and inject his pure seed into the wanton bodies of these disobedient sluts.
    He turned to face into the room. 
&quot;In ten months you have flogged just two women?&quot; 
&quot;As an example to the others - yes.&quot; 
The stranger huffed in derision. 
&quot;Your guards carry whips but do not use them and your women prisoners
    work fully clothed.&quot; 
The governor looked shocked. 
&quot;But they are ladies...er, women, they could work no other way
    but fully dressed. Decency dictates... their husbands...&quot; 
The stranger gave a mocking laugh. 
&quot;Who the hell cares about the women or their men? They are here
    to work and, to date, have not worked hard enough it seems.&quot; 
The stranger strode back and forth, the hard heels of his long riding
    boots echoing loudly on the bare floorboards. 
&quot;Do you use them to sate your sexual needs?&quot; 
The governor stood abruptly. 
&quot;Most certainly not! I am a gentleman and...&quot; 
&quot;An ineffective governor,&quot; the stranger interrupted and
    sat down once again. 
The governor remained silent. 
&quot;I want a whipping post erected in the courtyard below, also
    a 'T' frame and a set of stocks. These will be made and installed overnight
    and will be of the most solid of constructions.&quot; 
The governor made to object but checked himself and simply nodded. 
The stranger continued. 
&quot;You will refer to me as 'The Messenger' during my stay here.
    I will bathe now and then will inspect some of your idle sluts during their
    work. Bring me one young slut to question during my bathing, I'd like to
    begin my investigations immediately.&quot; 
He stretched himself lazily. 
&quot;Then, I will begin the cleansing work of the Lord Procurator
    and bring these wayward sluts of yours to heel.&quot; 
***The Messenger lay back in the big wooden bath, his feet hanging over
    the end and just his waist and hips covered by the watery suds. In his right
    hand he held his riding crop and in his left the thin clay pipe that he smoked
    constantly as was his habit. 
The girl was young, exceedingly so, she held her head down and looked
    at the floor as she was ushered in and shuffled forward with ankle chains
    rattling to stand at the foot of the bath. Her youth shone through, the innocence
    and the soft complexion portraying her few years despite the shapely swell
    of her bust as her dress pulled in under it. The shape of her body, the stage
    of development it was at showed clearly that she was a full woman in every
    sense of the word. 
&quot;Take your bonnet off girl,&quot; the Messenger ordered her. 
&quot;Sire,&quot; the guard offered, &quot;for a woman to show her
    hair would be considered....&quot; 
&quot;Silence!&quot; the Messenger snapped and glared at the girl
    to show his impatience at her inactivity. He waved his hand casually to dismiss
    the guard from the room and waited until he was alone with the trembling
    girl. 
&quot;Do it,&quot; he hissed venomously. 
She complied; fumbling nervously under her chin to free the retaining
    strap then pulled the crisp white bonnet from her head. She was blonde; the
    long flowing locks tumbled down to her shoulders to increase further her
    youthful appearance. Her wide pleading eyes and soft almond shaped face gave
    her the appearance of a girl far, far younger than her eighteen years. 
The Messenger groaned in delight and shifted his hips, the tip of
    his erect cock jutting up through the soapy water. He gripped his stiff rod
    below the water and squeezed it in luxuriously slow gripping actions that
    displayed his arousal. It pleased him that the girl flushed red and closed
    her eyes, she would see all soon enough and for now simply flaunting himself
    at her innocence was pleasure enough. 
&quot;Raise your skirt girl and show me your knees.&quot; 
She gasped in shock at the very suggestion and shook her head slowly.
    No woman, no decent woman that is, would show even her ankle much less her
    lower leg. 
The Messenger remained calm and silent. He sat up and then stood,
    his naked body fully displayed and his long cock jutting out from his black
    thatch of pubic hair. He made much of towelling himself dry, of rubbing between
    his legs and of patting his stiff cock dry too. He circled the girl menacingly
    in slow and deliberate strides designed to instil uncertainty and fear. Naked
    and aroused he moved behind her and raised the crop. 
&quot;You will obey me,&quot; he stated coldly. 
The girl whimpered softly and then screamed as the crop cut hard down
    across the tender top of her shoulder. So hard was the lash that her knees
    buckled and she fought to retain her balance. 
&quot;Obey,&quot; he repeated. 
She did not and yelped again as the crop stung at her other shoulder.
    She began to sob and then stooped to gather her long skirt at the front and
    to pull it hesitantly upward. Inch by inch she lifted the hem and stood crying
    openly as she offered her knees for the Messenger's inspection. 
He walked around to her front and stood triumphantly ogling her shapely
    legs. 
&quot;Higher,&quot; he demanded. 
She looked up fleetingly and then clamped her eyes shut tight; the
    girl reluctantly pulled the hem of her dress up to the middle of her thighs.
    Her white stockings and the pink garters holding them looked cute and inviting
    against the pale flesh above them, sweet innocence that only a girl as young
    as this could possess. Her hands trembled and her shoulders shook, as she
    stood humiliated before the naked man. 
&quot;Higher still,&quot; he commanded, his voice thick with arousal. 
She whimpered and shook her head slowly. 
The response was instant and swift, he lashed at the soft upper part
    of her left arm, a savage blow that caused her body to jolt and her head
    to throw back as she screamed. 
The Messenger grabbed the front of her skirt and hoisted it high,
    laughing maniacally as he ogled her white silky breeches. 
&quot;Oh yes!&quot; he stated emphatically as she sobbed her misery, &quot;what
    delights you hide beneath your skirts. But no more from me - undress you
    little whore!&quot; 
The girl backed away, her eyes wide open now and staring pleadingly
    at him. 
&quot;Please sire,&quot; she begged, &quot;I am betrothed to a man
    in the village. If he should...&quot; 
The girl screamed as the crop stung a cruel and hard blow across her
    forearm that numbed the limb to hang uselessly by her side. Expertly the
    man cut down again with the crop to numb the other arm and then moved in
    on her. He grabbed and ripped, pulled and tore at her dress until the thick
    material gave and was stripped from her body. His arousal now at fever pitch
    and the sight of her soft silky breasts ballooning over the top of her bodice
    he tore and ripped in a sexual frenzy of pure urgency. 
Her little body was pulled this way and that as he jerked the garments
    down and to the sides in a lust-filled race to see her naked form. She sobbed
    loudly her misery and sunk to her knees as the under garments covering the
    last of her modesty were torn from her body. She knelt there, her whole body
    racked by great heaving sobs, one hand between her legs and the other across
    her naked breasts to try to cover herself. Her head hung down, her hair helping
    to cover her face and her shame but her otherwise naked body fully on show
    to the gloating man. 
&quot;A little skinny but otherwise acceptable,&quot; he muttered
    and raised the crop. 
&quot;Who are the witches of the commune?&quot; 
&quot;Witches?&quot; the girl asked in bemusement and then screamed
    as the crop sliced down to burn a stripe of red-hot pain across her bare
    shoulders. 
She wailed a pitiful and agonised gurgling as the crop cut down three
    more times, once on her back and twice on her buttocks. The girl fell forward
    onto her hands and knees, her pert little buttocks presented so temptingly
    and her back arched. 
&quot;You will answer me whore, now or sometime later but answer me
    you will.&quot; 
He lashed again at the sobbing girl, delighting in the bright red
    welts that now showed clearly on her flesh. Six more lashes he laid on the
    girl's taut buttocks before casting the crop aside and kneeling behind her. 
&quot;No! Please no!&quot; the girl wailed and tried to crawl forward
    and to avoid the invasion into her body. 
The Messenger gripped her narrow hips and pressed his cock flat against
    the firm cleft of her buttocks, pulling her hard back to prevent her movements.
    He groaned loudly in appreciation of the warm youthful body against his cock
    and moaned constantly as he pulled her harder back on to himself. In one
    deft shift of his hips he pulled back to locate the head of his cock in the
    entrance of her tight little pussy and pushed fully up inside her in one
    great thrust. 
&quot;No man will want to marry you now, you slut,&quot; he crowed
    and began a frantic pumping into her trembling body. Pulling back on her
    hips he rammed hard into her, battering his hips against the firm rounds
    of her taut buttocks. The Messenger savoured the tight feel of the just passed
    virgin and the warmth of her insides around his cock. Her pitiful wailing
    and begging were simply additions to his pleasure as he withdrew almost completely
    and then plunged hard back up inside her frail little body. 
Harder and faster he thrust into her, jerking his hips on the peak
    of the inward strokes to get every last inch of his cock inside and to add
    to her discomfort and misery. For many minutes he pumped into the sobbing
    girl before grunting aloud and tensing. He moaned his satisfaction as he
    emptied himself into her little body in excited little jerks of his thick
    cock. 
&quot;Your interrogation has only just begun, you little slut. Before
    long you will sing to me the name of every lazy witch that ever passed through
    this worthless place.&quot; 
He stood and kicked at her, propelling her forward onto her face to
    sob in deep misery and the shame of having her maidenhood so brutally taken
    from her. Discarded like a used rag, finished with and cast aside. 
&quot;Get out,&quot; he snapped in disgust at her wailing, &quot;Get
    back to your work, I will see you again before the week is out.&quot; 
***In the fields surrounding the commune the sun beat down relentlessly
    on the workingwomen. They laboured harder still as the Messenger approached
    the group, flanked by two guards carrying multi-stranded leather whips menacingly
    in their hands. 
He stood, tall and erect watching the group. Resplendent in his shiny
    boots and black breeches, his black silk shirt and waistcoat adding to the
    overall sinister appearance that he carried with him. The Messenger eyed
    the women in turn; the entire group of twenty came under his critical and
    scrutinising gaze. 
&quot;Loin cloths,&quot; the Messenger stated aloud as the men walked
    amongst the women, &quot;as from tomorrow they will work in just loin cloths
    around their hips and nothing else.&quot; 
His command brought smiles to the faces of the guards but shocked
    expressions from the women, none of them though dared to speak out. 
The Messenger paused and turned, he pointed to a young girl with the
    riding crop. 
&quot;You! What is your name?&quot; 
&quot;Rosemary, sire,&quot; she answered fearfully. 
He walked over to her, halting just inches from her front. 
&quot;And are you one of the witches, pretty Rosemary?&quot; 
&quot;Witches, sire?&quot; 
He lashed her across the breasts with such force that the girl was
    thrown back and stumbled, she fell onto her back in the dirt clutching protectively
    at her burning breasts. 
&quot;Bring the witch,&quot; he snapped as an order to the guards
    and turned, &quot;lock her up for the night, I will deal with her in the
    morning.&quot; 
The Messenger stood watching the shocked expressions on the women's
    faces, his cock reared and twitched in excited reaction within his breeches.
    The sluts would all suffer in turn, he though, and how they would suffer
    too. 
He began to laugh and strode off, the sinister chuckling trailing
    after him and was audible long after he had reached the edge of the field. 
***The young girl fought and struggled against the hold of the two beefy
    guards as they dragged into the Messenger's bedchamber. She was naked save
    for the small loincloth around her hips, the hem of which barely covered
    her crotch and finished high up on her slender thighs. The petite brunette
    stood passively before the end of the Messenger's bed, his presence seemingly
    adding the calming factor to her efforts to free herself from the guards.
    Her wrists were bound behind her back and the usual short chain shackled
    her ankles, she stood with head down and her naked chest heaving as she awaited
    the Messenger's pleasure. The perfectly formed orbs of her breasts were in
    perfect symmetry and in good proportion to the rest of her slim body. Her
    rosy pink nipples were a delight to behold as they jutted out in firmness
    from her neat breasts. Fully developed yet holding a certain innocence, the
    breasts and nipples of this girl were temptation itself. 
The Messenger pulled back the thick candlewick bedspread to show his
    nakedness, his long, thick cock rearing up in hard erection. He chuckled
    heartily as the girl gasped and averted her eyes from him. 
&quot;Be gone,&quot; he said to the guards and lay there silently
    ogling her near naked body as she stood trembling before him. As the door
    closed and they were alone he issued the command. 
&quot;Come forward, kneel on the bed and kiss my cock, you worthless
    slut.&quot; 
The girl's head flicked up, her expression one of shocked horror. 
&quot;Do as I say bitch or suffer for your disobedience.&quot; 
The girl did not move forward, she instead backed fearfully away,
    shaking her head in denial that he could even suggest such a disgusting act. 
The Messenger moved swiftly, swinging his legs around and to the floor,
    in two long strides he was at her side, his great fist gripping and bunching
    in her long hair. He twisted and screwed his fist around until the girl yelped
    in pain and rose onto tiptoe to try to ease the strain on her burning scalp.
    Her head was pulled back to arch her body and to push her chest out. His
    free hand covered one of her sweet breasts and kneaded the firm orb greedily.
    The Messenger's bony fingers caressed and stroked, the finger and thumb trapping
    the hard bud of her nipple to squeeze and to pull it painfully. 
&quot;You will kiss and suck my cock, you whore,&quot; he stated firmly. 
&quot;No sire,&quot; she uttered defiantly, &quot;I will not.&quot; 
She screamed and dropped to her knees as the tug on her hair bore
    downward, her face now close to the end of his throbbing cock. She eyed the
    pulsing member fearfully and whimpered at the very thought of complying with
    his demands. 
&quot;Suck it,&quot; he demanded. 
The girl shook her head slowly, cringing as the pain in her scalp
    burned harder under even that slight movement. 
The Messenger pressed his hard cock against her tightly closed lips,
    the great head leaking pre-lubrication that smeared over her full lips. 
&quot;Suck, you little whore!&quot; 
She remained defiant, clamping her lips even more tightly to prevent
    him access to her mouth. The girl screamed as he hoisted her by the hair
    to her feet. In a mind-blurring whirl of confusion she was spun around several
    times and pitched forward and face down over the end of the bed. She remained
    there sobbing, her feet on the floor and her face pressed down onto the bed
    with her buttocks presented high in the air. Unable to do anything expect
    stand, her hands bound behind her back and her feet planted as wide apart
    as the ankles chains would allow, she was helpless in that position. 
The girl sobbed even harder as she felt his hand slip under the loincloth
    to feel between her legs, the little panties doing little to offer resistance
    to his probing fingers. The thin material was ripped unceremoniously from
    her little body and the loincloth was tugged from her also to leave her totally
    naked before him. She pleaded and begged as his hands roamed her buttocks
    and thighs, the fingers touching her naked sex and pushing in between the
    puffy pussy lips to test her wetness. His fingers trailed and stroked over
    her silky warm flesh, touching even at the rosy pink entrance to her anus
    between the tight cleft of her buttocks. 
The assault on her private areas continued for many minutes, the Messenger
    moaning his pleasure constantly as he fondled the young girl in a heated
    caressing of deep sexual arousal and longing. 
&quot;You will suck my cock,&quot; he repeated. 
&quot;No, sire, I will not,&quot; came the muffled reply as her face
    was buried deep into the bedclothes. 
The Messenger raised the riding crop and pulled back. He swung in
    with all the force he could muster to slam the hard crop down across the
    taut rounded buttocks. So hard was the lash that the crop snapped in two. 
Her whole body bucked and reared under the savage impact. Her head
    and shoulders lifted and her legs braced as her entire body tensed. It took
    several seconds for her to scream and when she did it was the pained wailing
    of an animal hurt. The pitiful wailing echoed around the otherwise silent
    room and her body began to convulse. Her breasts and shoulders shook as the
    deep burning pain seeped into her body and she gagged as the nausea began
    to rise in her throat. As she relaxed her face slumped forward again to bury
    back into the bedclothes and to muffle her screams. 
The Messenger went to his bag by the side of the bed, unhurried and
    precise his movements to get the fresh lash. Six long leather strands attached
    to a bound handle formed the new lash, the ends of the thin strands knotted
    to add another and more painful dimension to the cruelty he was about to
    inflict. He teased them out and untangled the strands before selecting the
    part of her body at which to strike. 
The strands of the lash struck across one side of her buttocks, the
    ends of the strands curling to strike hard on her inner upper thigh and her
    pussy lips. Cruel and unforgiving the leather strands slashed at her tender
    flesh to mark her creamy skin in vivid red welts. 
Again the girl's slim body locked in tension and her head threw back
    against her shoulders. 
&quot;Oh God Please!&quot; she wailed, &quot;no more! Please no more.&quot; 
She received more though; three spiteful and harsh lashes of the thongs
    before the Messenger paused. He was panting hard, his hard cock twitching
    in pulsing excitement at the mistreatment of the little slut. 
&quot;Suck me, bitch,&quot; he restated firmly. 
She was silent and he struck again, this time to the backs of her
    thighs and then again at the tender parts of the backs of her knees. 
Harder and faster he thrashed her, his excitement fired by the pounding
    sexual urge and her continued defiance of him. The lashes rained in until
    her buttocks were a mass of red blotches with deep purple and blue bruising
    to mar her pale skin. It was terrible thrashing of the worst kind but one
    that fed his pumping sexual charge higher still. 
The Messenger delighted in the way her shoulders shook with her great
    heaving sobs but the defiant little bitch would not give in. He mounted the
    bed, kneeling close to her head with his thighs spread wide and facing over
    her body. Her hair pressed against his throbbing cock and then he struck
    again in a savage overhead swing of the lash. The strands cut down the crease
    of her backside, the ends stinging painfully on her parted labia, the puffy
    outer lips taking the full brunt of the lash. 
The girl screamed non-stop but her head lifted slightly, her tear-stained
    face full of misery and defeat. On the second lash she kissed the tip of
    his cock hesitantly and on the third hard lash her mouth opened and then
    closed over the head of his stiff member. 
&quot;Better,&quot; he mumbled in triumph and lashed at her buttocks
    again. 
Her mouth worked on him in a pain fed and crazed sucking designed
    to please and to end her torture. She slurped noisily on his cock, forcing
    her head down to take most of his member into her soft wet cavern. The urgency
    of her sucking increased with each cruel lash of the strands on her buttocks
    and open pussy. Her head bobbed in a frantic drive to get him to come and
    to bring to an end the searing pain being given to her sex. 
Her head recoiled and she gagged as the first warm spurts of his come
    shot deep into the back of her throat. The move was checked however by his
    grip on her hair that held her head steady as he jerked his hips to pump
    his seed into her. Thick globules of his come oozed out from between his
    shaft and her lips to dribble down her chin and onto the bedclothes. When
    he was finished with her he pushed her roughly aside, to propel her little
    body to crumple in a heap on the floor. 
&quot;I will rest now, slut and during the night, when I feel the
    urge I will fuck that sweet little pussy of yours and show you what a man's
    cock feels like up inside you.&quot; 
He chuckled heartily at her renewed sobbing and added as a sneer, &quot;your
    tight little arse needs stretching too.&quot; 
At that the girl began to wail and sob even louder in her misery. 
***Dawn saw all of the women and men of the commune gathered in the large
    open area of the courtyard. The husbands and fianc&eacute;s were separated
    as was usual and the ranks of women flanked the flogging post and other apparatus
    erected during the previous day and night. 
The Messenger stood ready, naked from the waist up and his well-muscled
    body glinting in the light as the sun rose over the high administration block
    of the commune. He wore black riding boots and breeches and in his hand he
    held the long bullwhip with the snaking strand hanging down in the dust soil. 
The young girl that had been imprisoned overnight was tied to the
    flogging post; both wrists bound and stretched high above her head to raise
    her onto tiptoe. She was fully clothed and facing the post, whimpering her
    fear as the allotted time drew near. 
The Messenger stepped forward and in one great tug ripped the back
    off the young girl's dress down the back to reveal her naked flesh. He ripped
    again and then again to strip the clothing from the blubbering girl to startled
    gasps of shock from the watching crowd. 
Soon the girl was naked, pressing her front against the wide post
    to try to cover her naked breasts and pussy from view and crossing her knees
    to hide her hairy bush. 
&quot;Your work rate in the fields will increase,&quot; the Messenger
    announced loudly to the gathered women as he positioned himself to the side
    of the naked girl, &quot;two-fold.&quot; 
His arm pulled back and then he swung into the blow to lash the whip
    hard across the small of the girl's back. The long snaking whip cut across
    her body, the tip swinging around under the momentum to cut cruelly into
    the tender flesh of her side. 
She screamed a pained wailing of the deepest agony and her little
    body bucked against the post as the thin leather coil burned at her tender
    flesh. Her eyes locked wide and her mouth hung open, gaping her agony to
    the sky above her. 
Again he lashed at her and then again, the whip cutting at the flesh
    on her back to leave thin red tramlines of vivid redness on her pale skin.
    He was hard, his cock stiff within his breeches and pulsing its need in his
    wild excitement. More he lashed her, cruel and stinging blows that cut now
    across her rounded buttocks and the tops of her thighs. He paused in his
    thrashing of her only when the girl slumped exhausted against her bonds.
    Her back and buttocks were criss-crossed by red lines and broken skin that
    trickled her blood, bearing testimony to the savagery of her beating. 
The Messenger moved in on her, throwing the whip aside and pulling
    down the front of his breeches. He advanced on her, jutting his hips outward
    to offer his long stiff cock for the benefit of the many watching women.
    Their disgusted gasps delighted him and he offered his cock to his audience
    with the greatest of pride. 
The girl wailed louder as he located the head of his cock at the tight
    puckered ring of muscles surrounding her anus and pushed in. She gagged in
    pain as his thick cock ripped her sphincter as he entered, pushing the whole
    of his length up inside her little body. 
Before the watching crowd he began a hard and brutal thrusting up
    into the girl, delighting in her pained wailing and the disgusted looks of
    the watching women. The Messenger battered his hips hard against her frail
    little body in his urgency as he pumped his cock in and out of her tight
    tunnel. Her little body was crushed against the hard wooden post as he pounded
    his hips against her in his urgency. At last he grunted aloud and came, emptying
    his thick come deep up inside her moist interior. 
Slowly he withdrew, his wet cock glistening in the light, slicked
    by her body moisture and by his own seed that dribbled from the eyehole. 
&quot;Later I will choose another of you and then another, and will
    continue to do so until the witches amongst you reveal themselves and production
    increases.&quot; 
The Messenger laughed loudly as the stunned women were led away to
    their work. 
***The governor sighed and sat, his head in his hands to display the
    despair he felt. He rested his elbows on his desk and sighed heavily again. 
&quot;But your methods...&quot; 
&quot;Are effective and working already, unlike those you employed
    for so long to bring failure and shame on the commune - and to the lord procurator.&quot; 
The Messenger stood at his favourite place by the window, looking
    down onto the three naked women bound to the wooden frameworks in the compound
    below. His cock stirred into life at the sight of the one bent over in the
    stocks. Her slim thighs were pulled wide apart and tied at the ankles, the
    shapely limbs tensed in stress and looking delightfully tempting. The swell
    of her presented buttocks too offered a cock-twitching sight that simply
    invited both thrashing and a stiff cock driven hard up between them. 
&quot;But the beatings and the sexual aspect...&quot; 
&quot;Are all part of subduing the women and keeping rebellion at
    bay.&quot; 
The Messenger turned and rested back against the window frame. 
&quot;Does your wife obey you?&quot; 
The governor looked up questioningly. 
&quot;Why yes of course she does.&quot; 
The Messenger smiled wryly. 
&quot;Why?&quot; 
&quot;Because I am her husband.&quot; 
The Messenger laughed. 
&quot;She obeys because she is in fear and will comply when you wish
    to use her body, because men with a firm hand rule over women and always
    will.&quot; 
&quot;I respect my wife,&quot; the governor countered. 
&quot;But she still fucks when you want to use her.&quot; 
The governor stood up. 
&quot;We are not discussing my wife here but the women of the commune.&quot; 
The Messenger smiled and turned back to the window. 
&quot;All women are sluts,&quot; he said and then lowered his voice
    and muttered softly, &quot;Your wife and daughter included.&quot; 
He began to chuckle, a low and pleasure filled laughter that grew
    in intensity and volume as the governor walked out slamming the door hard
    behind him. 
***Mounted on his black horse the Messenger began his rounds of the working
    groups in the surrounding fields. He paused outside the gate of the compound
    to allow the four running guards to catch up with him and then trotted southwest
    to the first of the chain gangs. 
The women now worked almost naked, they wore only the skimpy loincloths
    around their hips but split at the sides as they were, the cloths hid little
    of the slender hips and thighs beneath. The Messenger delighted in the array
    of slim naked bodies as the women toiled. The way their breasts giggled and
    bounced as they worked but best of all was the taut muscles in their thighs
    that seemed to tense and relax in an erotic dance of sexual beckoning to
    him. He could just visualise some of those wonderfully powerful thighs wrapped
    around his head, crushing his ears as he licked their pussies. The way those
    bodies would buck and writhe as he nibbled at their clitorises and fingered
    their delightfully tight arses. He felt the surges of sexual excitement beginning
    to pump down into his loins to swell his ball sac and stiffen his cock. 
That morning he chose a more mature woman, a black raven-haired slut
    with olive skin and deep, dark flashing eyes. Judging by the body hair under
    her armpits and on her forearms her pussy would be a veritable jungle he
    thought. Hairy pussies were a particular favourite of his, the longer and
    thicker the hair around their sweet little sexes the better he liked it. 
&quot;Lift your loincloth,&quot; he commanded her as he steered his
    horse closer. 
The woman stood defiant with her hoe in her hand. Her back was straight
    and her head up, her flashing eyes issued a silent challenge and her manner
    was one of disrespect. 
&quot;I said,&quot; the Messenger repeated in a tired tone, &quot;lift
    your loincloth.&quot; 
She didn't move. 
The lash came so fast that the other women gasped in shock, the long
    whip struck across the shoulder of the olive-skinned woman and curled up
    and around to bite cruelly at her right breast. She flinched and bit her
    lip but stood as she had been, silent and defiant despite the pain. 
&quot;Help her to comply,&quot; the Messenger ordered the guards. 
The woman fought, kicked and punched as much as she could as the four
    guards grabbed her and removed the loincloth and her little panties. The
    jet-black bush of hair nestling between her thighs was truly amazing and
    the Messenger eyed it lustfully as it became exposed. The thick mat of hair
    not only covered her entire pussy and lips but reached down the insides of
    her thighs and up almost to her navel. 
&quot;A fiery one for sure you are, slut,&quot; he announced and leaned
    down to stroke at her lean shoulder. 
She spat in his face and uttered a string of curses. 
His response was swift and yet menacingly calm. 
&quot;Unshackle her feet and set the bitch running,&quot; he ordered
    the guards. 
The moment her feet were freed she broke and ran, her naked backside
    wobbling temptingly as she fled away from the group across the ploughed field
    towards the woodland beyond. 
&quot;Catch her, the Messenger said in an even tone, &quot;and when
    you do - fuck her, all four of you - fuck her.&quot; 
The guards needed no second telling, they shouted and cheered their
    delight as they chased after the fleeing woman. The four big men pounded
    after her in a state of high sexual arousal and determined to carry out their
    orders. Each trying to out-run the other to be first to take the prize. 
Whilst the chase went on the Messenger turned to a small redheaded
    girl and pointed the handle of the whip at her. 
&quot;Strip naked, girl.&quot; 
She swallowed hard and complied readily, her nervousness showing in
    her trembling hands as she slipped the small cloth from her hips. She stumbled
    in balance as she slipped her little panties down and dropped them around
    her ankles. Once totally naked she stood with head bowed as he looked down
    on her fiery red thatch and slim pale thighs. 
&quot;Here girl,&quot; he commanded and threw down the key so that
    she could unshackle her ankles. 
As she came close alongside the horse he reached down and grasped
    her upper arm. In one great heave he lifted the girl up to sit astride the
    horse and saddle in front of him, her back to his chest and her thighs stretched
    wide. With both hands he lifted her hips, located his cock at the entrance
    to her pussy and lowered the girl down on to his cock. 
The young girl cried out as his cock penetrated her virgin pussy and
    her hymen broke. Her hands gripped the horn of the saddle and she sucked
    in air to feed the burning pain inside her body. His great length was buried
    up inside her and she experienced the feel of a cock inside her for the very
    first time. Her pained expression and the way she was tensed added to her
    discomfort and fear as her little body adjusted to the huge throbbing invader
    of her pussy. 
In the distance the Messenger could see the olive-skinned woman on
    her back in the dirt, her knees were up and the white arse of a guard was
    pumping frantically up and down on her whilst the others held her arms and
    legs tightly. Her screams and wailed protests carried over the long distance
    to add to the scene and thrill of enforced intercourse. He spurred his horse
    to a trot and steered toward the group, the little redhead bouncing up and
    down on his cock with the movements of the horse. More he spurred the horse
    as her tight little pussy gripped around his throbbing shaft, the hard bouncing
    and shifting of her brought such wonderful feelings and sensations to his
    flesh enveloped cock. Her breasts giggled delightfully as did her neat little
    buttocks as the horse cantered across the field and her grunts of discomfort
    were simply an added bonus. 
As the horse neared the fucking group the Messenger came, grunting
    as he shot his load up inside the body of the sweet little virgin girl. He
    sat there savouring the feel of her warm body around him as he watched the
    olive-skinned woman receive the third cock up inside her pussy. 
The woman screamed and writhed, thrashing against the strong hands
    pinioning her but to no avail, she was fully raped four times before the
    men finally released her arms and legs. 
&quot;Tie her hands,&quot; the Messenger ordered, &quot;she goes to
    the stocks for the night and I will take her there myself.&quot; 
The free end of the rope was passed to the Messenger and looped around
    the horn of the saddle. He turned the horse and spurred it to a gallop; the
    olive-skinned woman was then jerked and pulled behind him by the wrists.
    The woman ran fast to keep up but stumbled, falling onto her front to be
    dragged behind the horse over the rough ploughed field. He laughed aloud,
    his free hand circling the girl on his lap to cup her breasts as his cock
    began to stiffen again inside her body. He whipped the horse some more and
    moaned his pleasure as his cock attained full hardness again inside the wet
    warm cavern of the redhead's pussy. The long ride to the compound was pleasure
    for him and hell for the woman being dragged but did he care? Not a bit,
    she was after all, simply a woman. 
***The woman was about twenty-eight years old with mousy hair and a pretty
    face. She was naked and tied down on the top of the wooden table in the governor's
    quarters. Her arms were pulled back and to the sides, the ends of the ropes
    secured to the legs of the table and her ankles similarly bound at the other
    end of the long table. 
&quot;You are a witch, slut, admit it.&quot; 
&quot;No sire, not I. For I am no witch.&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; he stated and tipped the lighted candle. 
The woman screamed as the drip of hot wax fell onto her naked breast,
    the deep burning penetrating down into her very soul it seemed. Her screaming
    continued as the wax cooled and formed into a hard white crust. Slowly and
    in his usual precise movements the messenger tipped the candle again. A second
    drip fell on the tender skin between her breasts to send her into wild bucking
    of her body as the burning heat seared into her delicate skin. 
&quot;Yes,&quot; the Messenger stated. 
&quot;No!&quot; the woman wailed. 
She screamed again as the next drip of hot wax hit full on her right
    nipple to send her whole body into violent spasms as she fought the pain
    and struggled against her bonds. Her hips bucked upward and her back arched,
    her head and shoulders strained forward against her restraints and her face
    creased in terrified agony. Again a drip fell to coat her left nipple, the
    searing pain sending her into yet another body jerking series of convulsions. 
&quot;Yes, a witch,&quot; the Messenger stated evenly. 
&quot;No! No!&quot; 
The screaming stopped as the next drip fell on her stomach just below
    her breasts. She tensed and gasped as the next drip travelled a little lower
    down. Her struggling became frantic, her head thrashing from side to side
    as the next drip hit on her navel and she realised its intended path and
    final goal. 
&quot;Not there, please not there,&quot; she pleaded pitifully. 
The next drip hit just above her mons, on the rise of her mound close
    to her clitoris to matt in the thick curls of her pubic hair. 
&quot;Please,&quot; she begged, &quot;Please no.&quot; 
The woman bucked anew and writhed in agony as the hot wax dripped
    onto her tender bud of a clitoris. Her thighs clamped in tension and her
    back arched off the table. Her scream reverberated around the room as the
    burning pain bit at her tender flesh. 
&quot;Talk, witch.&quot; 
&quot;No, not a witch.&quot; 
She screamed again as the drip of wax fell into the soft pink folds
    of her inner pussy lips and then again as the next fell close to her anus
    and trickled down the crease of her arse. 
&quot;Well, witch?&quot; the Messenger sneered. 
&quot;Yes! A witch, I am a witch but please just stop!&quot; 
Satisfied, the Messenger lowered the candle, bringing the flame close
    to her erect clitoris. The heat transmitted over to singe the pulsing bud. 
&quot;Witches must suffer for their evil doings.&quot; 
Her whole body bucked, her wrists wriggling within the restraining
    ropes in a vane effort to gain her release. Her knees quivered in reaction
    to the agonising heat on her tender parts and her mound and buttocks tried
    to shrink back from the pain. 
&quot;God haven't I suffered enough?&quot; she pleaded. 
He laughed, a loud and mocking laugh. 
&quot;Not by half, slut. Your pain has only just begun.&quot; 
He put the candle aside and selected the birch. He weighed the instrument
    in his right hand and stroked luxuriously at his stiff cock with the other.
    The thin knobbly twigs of the bunch of birch were securely tied to the wooden
    handle, like a besom broom in miniature it was both hard yet giving in its
    construction. It was a most savage of instruments to be used on the human
    body and on soft tender flesh such as hers - sheer and unadulterated agony. 
The Messenger raised the birch above his shoulder, paused for effect
    and then lashed down with it across the woman's breasts. It was a most savage
    of blows that rained hundreds of shards of prickling pain on her in one agonising
    stroke. The hard twigs lashed down in a most cruel fashion to sting harshly
    at her tender orbs and her singed nipples, the rounded mounds bounced under
    the impact of the blow and her body locked in tension in response. Blow after
    harsh blow stung at her body in a relentless assault of sheer wanton sadism. 
The woman screamed on, her wailing now more one of desperate pleading
    for mercy rather than of pain. It was loud and long her screaming, portraying
    her acute suffering at the hands of the stranger. 
&quot;Be cleansed witch,&quot; the Messenger chuckled and lashed down
    again. He lashed her time after time until her soft orbs were a reddened
    mass of blotches and stripes, then he started on her stomach. 
The wailing went on all throughout the thrashing; it reached its peak
    as he beat at her pussy mound and at the tops of her thighs. It was then
    that she deprived him of further pleasure and slipped into unconsciousness
    and slumped back on the table. 
The Messenger moved around to the end of the table and pushed his
    erect cock up into the lifeless pussy of the woman. He grunted and came,
    spurting his seed into the reddened pussy lips and then withdrawing to shoot
    powerful spurts of his seed up and onto her stomach. 
&quot;One witch detected,&quot; he crowed and rubbed himself against
    her lifeless body, &quot;But still more to find.&quot; 
He began to hum as he dressed. Dinner would come next and then his
    search would be renewed - with the utmost vigour. 
***Darkness was falling, the compound area half-lit by the burning torches
    and beacons placed around the retaining walls. In the centre were the stocks
    and the olive-skinned woman secured into them. She was bent forward at the
    waist, her neck and wrists trapped securely within the halves of the wooden
    construction. At the ankles her feet were roped and pulled apart, stretching
    her thighs and buttocks to expose her sex and her anus to the rear. Her naked
    body glistened in the light despite the cold evening air and goosepimples
    covered her muscular body as she tensed when he approached. 
The Messenger acted without words, he lashed at her bare buttocks
    with a cat-of-nine-tails to draw a shocked cry and a pained yell from the
    woman. Two more hard lashes stung at her body before he moved close, his
    hand cupping her pussy from the rear and his thumb pushing up inside her
    anus. He pinched and squeezed cruelly to exert a most uncomfortable pressure
    on her most tender parts. 
&quot;Have you learned some manners, witch?&quot; 
She cursed him and struggled within her wooden prison to show her
    continuing contempt for him. 
The Messenger worked to loop the thin threads and to attach them,
    one to each of her firm nipples. He added heavy rocks to the other ends and
    allowed the weights to dangle down free beneath her body. 
The woman gritted her teeth to cope with the new set of pain as her
    nipples and breasts were tugged harshly down under the great weights put
    upon them. So heavy were the weights that her breasts were distorted in shape
    under the dreadful tension, pulled down so hard that it seemed that her nipples
    would tear free from her flesh. 
&quot;First you will learn to respect me. Secondly you will admit
    to being the witch that you are.&quot; 
&quot;Go to hell,&quot; she hissed through clenched teeth. 
He worked silently to force the thick leather dildo up into her pussy
    from behind. The thick shaft, stitched and sewn was hard against her tender
    insides as the wide shaft stretched her pussy lips to grip tightly around
    the huge phallus. Once full rammed up inside her the Messenger eased a thin
    stick into her anus, pushing it far up inside her tight tunnel to draw grunts
    of discomfort from the pinioned woman. Once all was set the Messenger moved
    around to the front of the stocks and positioned himself close to her lowered
    mouth. He freed his cock and pressed the velvety head against the lips of
    her mouth. 
&quot;You will suck my cock as a sign of subservience to me, you useless
    slut.&quot; 
She clamped her mouth tightly and mumbled her refusal. 
&quot;Very well,&quot; he said evenly and pulled the cat-of-tails
    back over his shoulder. 
The powerful lash swung over and down to sting harshly on her lower
    back and buttocks, the tiny lead weighs attached to the tips of the strands
    biting and cutting cruelly into her olive flesh. Her back arched and she
    yelped her agony as the stinging pain flooded through her entire body. Vivid
    red marks, so prominent that even in the dim light showed clearly as marks
    on her otherwise unblemished skin. 
Again he swung down and then again, increasing the power of each last
    so as to inflict the maximum pain on the screaming woman. Ten hard lashes
    he laid on her before pausing to gloat. 
&quot;Will you suck me now, bitch, or do you wish to suffer more?&quot; 
Her lips loosened and she kissed the tip of his throbbing cock in
    humble defeat. 
&quot;Lick it, slut. Lick it as would a cat that wants its cream.&quot; 
He groaned as her soft wet tongue licked across the tip, curling and
    circling the head of his cock in a desperate effort to please. Her tongue
    worked with a natural ease to tease and to delight. The Messenger pressed
    in, forcing just the head of his pulsing cock between the full red lips of
    the sobbing woman. He came, spurting his thick seed into her mouth and over
    her face as she recoiled slightly in disgust. The Messenger grunted loudly
    with each spurt that shot up her nose and into her eyes in excited jerks
    of powerful ejaculation. Using his hand he wanked every last drop of his
    seed from his cock, savouring the whimpering of the woman as the thick globules
    of his cock trickled down over her face and into her mouth. 
&quot;Better,&quot; he stated evenly, &quot;tomorrow I will test you
    again and hear you confess to being a witch.&quot; 
He chuckled as he replaced his cock into his breeches and took one
    last look at the pained expression of the woman before walking back toward
    the governor's quarters. 
***The little slut brought to his bedchamber for the night was a true
    delight. Young, so very young looking with the face and hair of an angel
    and the body of a saint was how the Messenger viewed her. She was small and
    petite, no more than five feet tall and her slim body and breasts in perfect
    proportions. She had long blonde hair and bright blue eyes that sparkled
    innocence and child-like simplicity in her views of the world. Despite her
    nakedness she held a charming confidence about her, an eagerness to please
    and to be subservient. 
&quot;Walk for me child,&quot; the Messenger instructed as he undressed. 
He watched as the little girl strode back and forth across the room,
    her little breasts bouncing delightfully and her slender thighs moving with
    a tantalising ease and grace. She walked almost on tiptoe in a flowing and
    erotic motion of sheer temptation and the way her firm little buttocks jutted
    out in hard roundness brought his cock to instant erection. 
&quot;Squat, face me and squat, I want to see your pussy.&quot; 
The little girl complied, parting her knees and then lowering her
    backside down onto her heels to display her sex unhindered. The sweet little
    pussy lips parted to show a bright pink gash of her moist inner lips that
    brought a blob of pre-come oozing from the Messenger's cock. Her little hard
    bud of a clitoris jutted out from the top of her opened pussy lips to add
    to the most tempting of sights. It looked so clean and untouched, so sweet
    and perfect in it presentation, a pussy that only one so young could possess. 
&quot;Stand, face away from me and place your hands on the floor.&quot; 
Without hesitation the girl did as she was bid, presenting her back
    and bending at the waist. She naturally shifted her feet apart and spread
    her thighs. Her little gash was fully displayed between her slender little
    thighs and the tight cleft of her buttocks clearly showed the little bud
    of her arse hole in all its glory. She was a true delight, a perfect woman
    in miniature and one that sent the messenger's pulses racing at an all-time
    high. His cock throbbed so much it almost hurt, never had he felt so aroused
    by a naked girl and he had seen and fucked many. This little angel was truly
    heaven sent and he intended to savour the delights she offered to the full. 
The Messenger approached her from behind, gripping her narrow hips
    and pulling her firm little buttocks hard back against his throbbing cock.
    He let out a low groan and growled at the feel of the warm little body against
    him. He pulled her back harder onto him and rubbed his hard length down the
    crease of her tight little buttocks. 
&quot;Will it hurt sire?&quot; she asked in a nervous little voice
    that sought reassurance. 
He grasped her long hair and pulled her head back toward him to bow
    her body and to increase the thrust of her buttocks against him. 
&quot;Pain is mine to give and yours to receive,&quot; he stated coldly
    and located the head of his cock at the entrance to her little pussy. 
He pulled back on her hair as he forced up inside her, groaning loudly
    at the tight feel of her body around his great cock. Her little gasps of
    discomfort and fear added to his excitement as he thrust far up inside her
    little body and began a frantic pounding into her pussy. Fast and hard he
    rode the little girl, lunging full power to slam hard against her slight
    frame. Mid-way through his fucking he paused and withdrew, shifting his hips
    to press the head of his cock against the tight little entrance to her anus. 
&quot;Oh God,&quot; she whimpered fearfully and tensed her whole body.
    The little girl screamed as he pushed in, his great girth splitting the little
    ring of muscles easily apart as he forced up inside her. 
There he rode her, like his stallion he rutted and jerked against
    her little body to shake and batter her slight frame violently. With a newfound
    vigour he pumped into the little body and came instantly that she cried out
    in pain and gasped as his seed filled her rectum. He slowed his strokes and
    savoured the feel of the fresh young body around him. 
&quot;You sleep with me each night,&quot; he commanded. &quot;An angelic
    little body like yours is not to be wasted. Report to my bed each and every
    night.&quot; 
The girl slumped forward onto her hands and knees as he withdrew from
    her. She was panting hard and aware of his thick come oozing out of her bloodstained
    anus. 
&quot;Yes, sire,&quot; she said dutifully and began to cry softly. 
***The governor sat behind his desk and the Messenger stood at the window
    looking down onto the stocks and the olive-skinned slut still locked in them. 
&quot;Production has increased somewhat but is still down on the expected
    levels. Two witches identified but still defiance from some of your sluts.&quot; 
The governor cleared his throat and spoke, the nervousness that he
    felt obvious in his trembling voice. 
&quot;You have ordered that all women now should work totally naked,&quot; the
    governor said. 
The Messenger didn't turn but stared out of the window, his tone almost
    distant and detached. 
&quot;Mmmm, yes. So much nicer to view and easier to select the ones
    to fuck.&quot; 
&quot;That is a point I wish to raise with you. One of the women's
    husbands has made a complaint.&quot; 
&quot;Has he now?&quot; 
&quot;He objects - and rightly so I might add - to his wife being
    paraded naked before all and sundry.&quot; 
The Messenger was silent for a moment and then his lips curled back
    in a wicked smile. 
&quot;Bring him here then, bound and shackled. I will speak with this
    upstart that dares to question my methods.&quot; 
The governor rose to his feet and summoned the guard. Before he could
    issue the full instruction the Messenger spoke again. 
&quot;And bring his slut wife here too.&quot; 
As he looked down into the courtyard the Messenger's shoulders began
    to shake, the laughter rising within him came spilling out in a low and evil
    chuckle that by now was well known in the whole of the commune. 
***The husband was bound hand and foot and stood at the side of the room
    near the door. He was gagged and his eyes locked wide open in horror as his
    naked wife was ushered into the room. 
The long rope trailing from her bound wrists was thrown over the rafter
    above and then she was stretched up onto tiptoe with her hands pulled high
    above her head. 
&quot;Mmmm, what a nice pair of tits she has,&quot; the Messenger
    leered loudly for the benefit of the husband. 
He moved close to her and with both hands began caressing and stroking
    the woman's breasts. The Messenger made much of pulling and tweaking her
    nipples and moaning his pleasure loudly as he did so, his bony fingers kneading
    hard at the soft rounded orbs of her breasts. The frantic struggling and
    muffled protest of the husband simply added to the thrill of the actions.
    He kissed and then sucked on the firm jutting buds, slurping noisily and
    grunting his delight. He licked and kissed her breasts and nipples, moaning
    his pleasure loudly as he covered every inch of the swelling orbs. 
&quot;See how your slut wife enjoys another man's mouth on her?&quot; 
&quot;No!&quot; the woman cried out, &quot;I don't like it nor want
    it.&quot; 
The Messenger slapped her face so hard that her head was rocked to
    the side. 
&quot;You like it slut because I say that you do.&quot; 
His hand slipped between her legs and cupped her pussy. He hooked
    his middle finger to slide it up inside the woman's pussy and to explore
    her moist interior. He looked across to the red faced and struggling husband. 
&quot;Mmmm, your slut wife is wet. She desires a good cock up her
    it seems - more than you can give her I'll wager. The dirty whore is in need
    of a real man to fuck her.&quot; 
The Messenger withdrew from her and dropped his breeches; he held
    his stiff cock in his right hand and pressed the head against her puffy pussy
    lips. Slowly he rubbed the head up and down her slit as the woman begged
    to be spared the humiliation and suffering. Pressing the huge head into the
    moist folds of her sex and prodding lightly at the entrance to her tunnel
    he made much of his actions and laughed in the direction of her husband. 
&quot;See!&quot; the Messenger said excitedly, &quot;see how her nipples
    stiffen in arousal and her clitoris hardens in desire. She wants my cock,
    she silently urges me to push it up into her. Your wife is a wanton slut
    and a witch also I think.&quot; 
He moved around her, rubbing the head of his cock up and down the
    crease of her arse and pressing into the cleft of her buttocks. 
&quot;Witches don't like their arses being fucked, do they, slut?&quot; 
&quot;Noooooo!&quot; she wailed pitifully and struggled within her
    bonds. 
He laughed aloud and positioned the head of is cock on her tight little
    ring of muscles. His knees eased her legs apart and he drove up into her
    body and pulling back on her hips for purchase. The Messenger rested there,
    savouring the feel of her body on him and looking across to her struggling
    husband. 
&quot;She likes it up the arse it seems,&quot; he sniggered and began
    slowly pulling out and pushing back in. 
In slow and deliberate strokes he violated her secret passage as her
    husband watched and muttered his silenced protests. The Messenger groaned
    aloud and grunted in pleasure as he pumped his long cock up her tight little
    entrance. His hands came around her body, one to cup her breasts and the
    other to cover her pussy. His hands and fingers worked in tandem as he thrust
    hard up into the woman's anus; he felt and rubbed furiously as his rising
    orgasm steadily built. 
&quot;My! But doesn't your slut wife wail so prettily?&quot; he gloated, &quot;Does
    she sing like this when you fuck her arse?&quot; 
He chuckled at the frantic thrashing of the husband as he tried angrily
    to free himself from his bonds. The Messenger grunted even louder still and
    then tensed as he injected his thick seed up inside the man's wife. He withdrew,
    wiping his cock on her buttocks before replacing his breeches. 
&quot;Your wife is a wonderful fuck up the arse,&quot; he complimented, &quot;I
    must try her pussy next.&quot; 
The Messenger selected a long thin cane and positioned himself at
    the side of the weeping woman. 
&quot;Now, slut. Tell me what you are. Confess to being one of the
    witches.&quot; 
&quot;No sire,&quot; she sobbed, &quot;not I.&quot; 
Her mouth gaped open and her eyes locked wide as the cane cut swiftly
    down to lash across the tops of her breasts close to her nipples. It was
    an expert cut that hit both breasts equally and bounced them as the cane
    connected on soft flesh. 
He positioned himself again, attaining a set stance and resting the
    tip of the cane on just one of her nipples. He pulled the cane back and up
    and then lashed down with a most savage blow to strike on her firm bud. 
Her screaming was so loud that it made the ears crackle; the watching
    governor covered his ears with his hands as she wailed her pain to the otherwise
    silent room. Again he struck down striking the other nipple and delighting
    in the renewed screaming of the sobbing woman. 
&quot;Well, witch, will you confess?&quot; 
&quot;Pleeease!&quot; she begged urgently between sobs, &quot;spare
    me this pain sire. I am no witch.&quot; 
He struck down again, hard across her breasts and then levelled the
    next stroke to hit up on the underside of her breasts. 
&quot;Are you a witch?&quot; he demanded excitedly. 
&quot;No sire!&quot; 
He paused, his chest heaving and panting hard in his wild excitement.
    In one deft move he released the rope to allow the woman to crash down to
    the floor on her hands and knees. The Messenger towered over the grovelling
    woman, his cock now stiff again and pressing the tight breeches out at the
    front to form a small tent in the material. 
The woman knelt there, her body heaving as she sucked in air, her
    bound hands and her bruised knees supporting her weight. Her head hung down
    between her arms and her body heaved with great pitiful sobs of deep misery.
    Her backside stuck up temptingly and her breasts dangled down beneath her
    body, her thighs were parted in a base and animal-like position of heated
    mating need. 
The Messenger pulled down his breeches to free his hard cock that
    jutted out in stiff arousal, twitching expectantly as he looked down on the
    pathetic slut at his feet. 
&quot;Are you a witch, slut?&quot; 
She shook her head slowly. And then screamed, her head throwing back
    as the hard cane sliced down to cut across her presented buttocks. 
Again the Messenger struck and then again, the rigid cane smacking
    noisily on her firm flesh to precede her pained wailing. Her whole body jerked
    forward under the impact of each harsh lash, defeat and submission now coming
    to her in great waves as the pain tore through her being. 
&quot;Yes!&quot; she gasped at last and sobbed her misery as she made
    the admission. &quot;Yes, I am a witch, now please no more pain.&quot; 
The Messenger was triumphant; he stood proudly with his chest swelling
    out and his cock rearing up in arousal. 
&quot;Turn then witch and suck my cock to forestall further pain.&quot; 
She hesitated, stealing a nervous look over to her bound husband and
    received a sickeningly hard lash of the cane on her outer thigh to prompt
    her. The woman crawled and turned, levelling her mouth with the end of the
    Messenger's cock. Hesitantly she first kissed it and then covered the end
    of the shaft with her mouth. 
&quot;Mmmm,&quot; the Messenger gloated to her husband, &quot;see
    how much your slut wife likes sucking other men's cocks?&quot; 
He groaned aloud in pleasure as she sucked noisily on his stiff member. 
&quot;Do you like sucking cock bitch?&quot; 
She slid her mouth off his cock to answer. 
&quot;Yes sire.&quot; 
He rubbed the tip of his cock over her face. 
&quot;Tell me why you like my cock, slut and say it like you mean
    it.&quot; 
&quot;So hard,&quot; she moaned and licked at the huge head, &quot;so
    big and hard.&quot; 
&quot;Bigger and harder than your husband's pathetic little thing?&quot; 
She sucked and licked greedily at the swollen head. 
&quot;Mmmm, yes sire, so much bigger and harder.&quot; 
He laughed aloud as her husband fought to free himself. Thrashing
    his body this way and that to gain freedom and prevent the assault on his
    wife. 
&quot;See how the slut sucks cock, even after it has been up her own
    arse.&quot; 
The woman gagged and recoiled to be lashed several times with the
    cane and then reluctantly resumed her sucking of his throbbing shaft. 
The Messenger stood erect, his hips pushed forward as the woman's
    mouth slid back and forth along his thick shaft. After several minutes he
    pulled back and away from her. 
&quot;Now suck your husband's cock, slut. Take a second cock into
    that hungry mouth of yours.&quot; 
The woman crawled across the room and with both hands still bound
    at the wrists she freed his cock from his trousers and began immediately
    sucking on the flaccid member. She gasped as the Messenger gripped her hips
    and pushed his cock up into her pussy from behind. Her body bucked and jolted
    as the Messenger pumped hard into her, chuckling his delight at her husband's
    groans of disgust. 
&quot;Another witch identified and a complaint now dealt with,&quot; he
    shouted over his shoulder to the watching governor. The Messenger grunted
    as he rammed hard into her pussy and then moaned loudly as he came up inside
    the degraded woman. 
***The morning's inspection was in the stable block to the rear of the
    compound. Fenced off and secluded with the haylofts and stalls the buildings
    were a haven for slacking women. They paid no heed to the Messenger's decree
    of nudity, all wore loincloths and thin tops that covered most of their bodies,
    their heads too were covered by the traditional white cotton bonnets. The
    smirking women stood around as the tall stranger entered the barn with two
    beefy guards flanking him on either side. 
A heavily tension charged atmosphere existed as the three men stood
    framed in the doorway and the women further back in the barn. I battle of
    wills existed with both parties facing one another and each expecting the
    other to break the tense silence. 
The Messenger tapped his riding crop against the side of his boot
    in irritation but retained his calm as he strode deeper into the barn and
    to the centre of the group of women. The messenger pushed through the circling
    women to stand in the centre regarding them in turn with a scowling look
    of disapproval etched on his face. He selected a tall and willowy brunette
    woman of about thirty, she appeared to be the senior present and by her wry
    smile was delighting in their open defiance of him. 
The Messenger reached out with the crop and tapped the woman on the
    breast with the tip. 
&quot;Why are you not naked as instructed?&quot; 
She gave a nervous smile but furthered her defiance by lifting her
    chin and increasing her smile as she said as a sneer. 
&quot;It is a silly and obscene rule that we totally refuse to comply
    with.&quot; 
The Messenger nodded slowly several times, thoughtful and walked around
    her to stand behind her. 
&quot;And who are you to defy my instructions?&quot; 
&quot;We won't do it,&quot; she said loudly and for the benefit of
    the other women. 
The response was swift and brutal. The crop lashed down hard across
    her back to knock her to her knees, she gasped in oxygen, the air forced
    from her lungs by the power of the blow. The woman groaned in pain and reached
    her hands up her back to try to soothe the affected area, her body heaving
    to try to gain her breath. 
&quot;I asked you a question, whore,&quot; the Messenger, said in
    a commanding tone. 
The woman was on her knees now, her arms raised across her face defensively
    and cowering back in fear of another savage lash of the crop. 
&quot;Sire,&quot; she pleaded nervously, &quot;we cannot work naked,
    it isn't proper.&quot; 
He leaned down to bring his face close to hers, his lips curled back
    in a threatening grin. 
&quot;I will decide what you will or will not do. Now, strip naked,
    you worthless slut.&quot; 
She hesitated and received a stinging lash of the crop across her
    shoulder to speed her actions. Hurriedly she pulled the thin top off over
    her head and pulled at the loincloth around her hips. 
&quot;All of you! Strip naked - now!&quot; the Messenger shouted angrily
    as he straightened. His piercing stare at the gathered women offered a silent
    challenge that simply defied them to resist. 
Silently, defeated and subserviently the whole group of women began
    to undress. 
Whilst the women stripped the Messenger did likewise, revelling in
    the horrified glances of the women as his huge stiff cock sprung free of
    restricting clothing. He stood proudly, his hard cock jutting out from the
    thick black thatch of his pubic hair and rearing in excited arousal. The
    huge bulbous head was engorged with blood to give it a purple appearance
    and the thick gnarled shaft was darker in colour than the rest of his body.
    His oversized ball-sac pillowed out between the tops of his thighs to make
    his sex organs a most menacing of sights to the sexually uneducated women. 
He moved forward, gripped the long hair of the brunette that he had
    whipped and gripped her hair. From her kneeling position her head was level
    with his stiff member and he rubbed her silky hair over and around his throbbing
    cock. 
The woman whimpered fearfully, cowering back as he wrapped her soft,
    long strands around his shaft and began wanking himself in and with her hair.
    Moaning his pleasure the messenger stroked and rubbed in luxuriously slow
    strokes designed to both revolt and to show his command over the kneeling
    woman. 
She covered her mouth to stem the rising vomit in her throat and gagged
    at the disgusting act being performed upon her. She sobbed and spat as the
    rising bile threatened to jet out of her mouth as her revulsion increased
    with the pace of his rubbing. 
Slowly he rubbed his cock against her warm scalp, the silky strands
    of her hair caressing delightfully over his hot throbbing cock. He looked
    around at the wide-eyed expressions of the watching women, delighting in
    one or two that showed the flushed cheeks of sexual arousal and the others
    that had clamped their hands over their mouths in shocked disgust. He came,
    grunting and moaning as he spent himself into her hair, the thick globules
    matting in the strands and then trickling down over her forehead and nose. 
The woman sobbed in shame and humiliation as she knelt there before
    her friends, her hair wet and his thick come trickling down into the corners
    of her mouth. She mumbled her misery in a pitiful display of emotion that
    simply furthered her subjugation to his command. 
&quot;String her up,&quot; the Messenger ordered the two guards, &quot;tie
    her high and tightly for the witch has yet to confess.&quot; 
&quot;Nooooo!&quot; the woman wailed as she was hauled to her feet
    and the ropes looped around her slim wrists. 
The twenty watching women were made to kneel on the straw strewn floor,
    sitting back on their heels naked and defeated to await the fate of their
    friend being tied. Their hands were behind their backs and their heads up
    and chests out to show an assorted array of breasts and nipples jutting out
    from their chests. 
In the stalls she was tied, standing with her feet pulled wide apart
    and her arms stretched out to the sides. The ropes around her wrists and
    ankles were pulled cruelly tight and she screamed her pain as the coarse
    ropes burned at her tender wrists and ankles. Naked and bound, subdued and
    all defiance gone from her now the woman sobbed softly as her sex was pulled
    open in her stance and on show to all that knelt and stood before her. Her
    shoulders shook with her sobbing and she hung her head, her face flushed
    red in the deepest of embarrassment. She hung there, pathetic as a subject
    yet radiantly attract as regards her firm body, a conflict that suited the
    situation most perfectly. 
The Messenger moved in on her front, a handful of straw clutched in
    his right hand. He pressed the rough straw against her left breast and began
    massaging it roughly into her flesh. 
The woman grimaced in pain as the coarse straw scratched across her
    tender flesh and nipples, ground unceremoniously over her soft mounds to
    bring an agonising soreness to her tits. She cried out time and again as
    the hard strands were rubbed all over both her orbs, her nipples gaining
    much attention and suffering terribly under his hard squeezing. 
&quot;Good, bitch?&quot; the Messenger sneered as he increased the
    pressure on her breasts. He laughed as he worked, inflicting pain and discomfort
    on the defiant slut was making him hard again. He chuckled louder still as
    he moved down between her legs to grind the hard straw into and over her
    soft pussy lips. He forced some of the straw up inside her pussy as she bucked
    and wriggled, screaming her agony to the hayloft above. The Messenger withdrew,
    leaving her gaping pussy stuffed wide with straw, some of the strands poking
    out to scratch at the soft tops of her inner thighs. 
He moved around to the back, picking up another handful of straw from
    the floor, her rubbed it cruelly over her buttocks and up and down the crack
    of her arse. He forced the handful of straw hard up her backside and used
    his long, thin fingers to press the strands in further still. 
The woman's wailing was pitiful, she wailing like a bitch in pain
    and he though that description of her was apt indeed. The Messenger was fully
    hard now, his cock twitching in excited arousal as the woman begged and pleaded
    for mercy. Her snivelling was both welcome and thrilling, her pain an addition
    to the rising excitement he felt. 
&quot;Not so sure of yourself now are you, slut?&quot; he sneered
    and readied the crop. He moved around to her side and pulled back his arm. 
It landed with a sickening thwack on her backside, her hips jerked
    hard forward in reaction and all the women present gasped at the severity
    of the lash. The woman couldn't scream, the pain too intense and the breath
    knocked from her in stunned shock. Her mouth gaped her silent pleading and
    her tears flowed freely down her cheeks to streak her creased up cheeks. 
The second lash of the crop brought the same reaction and then the
    third; with each jolt of her body the straw inside her not only moved but
    was gripped and squeezed as her internal muscles clamped in involuntary spasms
    of pain to bring further waves of excruciating agony to her. 
&quot;Well, witch, do you confess?&quot; 
&quot;Yeeees!&quot; she wailed quickly to try to forestall any further
    hash treatment. 
The Messenger simply laughed and swung in again. He beat her soundly,
    laying into her in a sexually charged fury of pure sadistic pleasure. Lash
    after lash smacked against her body in a most furiously onslaught of wild
    pain infliction. Her back and buttocks were striped red; the angry looking
    welts bearing testimony to the brutality of the thrashing. The backs of her
    legs and her thighs were soundly whipped, the tender parts of her body suffering
    more than the rest of her. She slumped exhausted and near unconsciousness
    before he relented and halted. He stood panting hard and close to orgasm
    as he allowed his rising climax to subside a little and to prolong his pleasure. 
All of the watching women were stunned into silent fear. They watched
    but wished they didn't have to, not one of them dared to move a muscle or
    make a sound. They all averted their eyes as the messenger looked at each
    of them in turn lest he should choose them. 
&quot;You,&quot; the Messenger pointed to a young girl kneeling near
    the front of the group, &quot;Come here girl.&quot; 
The girl rose hesitantly to her feet and went to stand before the
    panting Messenger, she eyed his pulsing cock fearfully and whimpered at the
    very thought of the huge shaft up inside her body. 
His arm circled her waist, pulling her hard against him, her breasts
    crushed flat against his chest and her mons pressing against his hard erection
    to trap it between their naked bodies. The Messenger eased his hips back
    and located the head of his cock at the entrance of her little pussy and
    then pushed fully up inside her. His great hands gripped both her buttocks
    and he began a frantic and lust-fuelled pumping up into her slim body. He
    defiled the little virgin girl before her companions, delighting in the wide-eyed
    stares of the other women as they watched the sexual act. Disgust and yet
    wild interest filled them as they witnessed a girl losing her virginity in
    a brutal and yet erotic scene of high pulsing tension. 
Like a little rag doll the girl's body was jerked and bucked under
    the powerful pounding of his hips, her head lolled and jerked as he plunged
    up hard into her to sate his pulsing need. She was lifted bodily up onto
    her toes by each hard and brutal thrust against her, impaled as she was on
    his stiff rod. His pubic arch slammed hard against hers time and again as
    the brutal fucking continued. 
A low moan escaped his lips as he tensed and came, squirting his come
    deep up inside her warm interior. Her held her tightly to him, his great
    hands pinching rhythmically at her rounded buttocks as he injected every
    last drop of his come into her body. The Messenger pulled out of her, shoving
    the young girl roughly aside like a discarded rag. Triumphantly he addressed
    the watching women, his softening cock dangling lazily down one of his thighs. 
&quot;Are any more of you wanting to show defiance to me?&quot; 
Silence reigned, not a murmur heard. 
&quot;Good, then your production rates will increase by double - or
    suffer for it you will.&quot; 
He stroked his wet and softening cock luxuriously slowly as the women
    got to their feet to resume their labours. 
***It was a time of quiet reflection for the Messenger. He sat on a rocking
    chair on the porch of the governor's house looking out across the fields.
    He used his small eyeglass telescope to spy the group of naked women working
    in the distance. They were sweating and pulling hard, the horses now replaced
    and the heavy ploughs drawn instead by human bodies - naked female bodies.
    He chuckled heartily as he watched the sluts toiling, the harder they worked,
    he thought, the less time and energy they would have to talk and think rebellion. 
Some of the sluts had been brought to heel and production rates had
    increased yet again. He could be more selective now in his choice of women
    to fuck and to abuse, more for pleasure now than necessity, he thought. 
He rested back in the chair as the governor's wife brought him a jug
    of lemonade on a huge silver tray. 
&quot;Take it away and return to serve it naked,&quot; he snapped
    and waved his hand in dismissal, &quot;show me that hairy pussy of yours
    and your tits at every opportunity.&quot; 
His cock stiffened at the way the snotty bitch simply turned and went
    obediently back into the house. It reared up in harder arousal as the naked
    woman returned and stood dutifully by his side holding the tray. He extended
    his hand to cup her pussy, the woman easing her feet dutifully apart to allow
    him access to her sex. His fingers pushed up inside her warm interior to
    curl and search in exploration of her moist insides. His thumb rubbed across
    and teased at her hard clitoris, flicking the bud and grinding it cruelly
    hard back against her pubic bone. 
&quot;Pour me a drink then,&quot; he snapped in irritation as he fingered
    her. 
The trembling woman tipped the jug and filled the tall glass with
    lemonade, spilling the drink slightly in her nervousness as she handed it
    to him. Her face was creased as the rough fingers probed up inside her body. 
He drank with one hand and fingered her with the other, slowly and
    deliberately he took his time and increased her discomfort. Once the glass
    was drained he threw it aside and withdrew his hand. He sucked on his wet
    fingers, licking the digits to savour the taste of her sex juice. 
&quot;Mmmm,&quot; he muttered and licked lovingly at the thick musky
    pussy juices, &quot;I must lap at your pussy and taste you fully.&quot; 
She sighed in revulsion and her face creased up in disgust. 
The Messenger crossed his legs and began to rock the chair slowly. 
&quot;Lie down on the porch and finger yourself,&quot; he ordered
    her, &quot;I want to see you fingering yourself.&quot; 
With the greatest of reluctance the woman put the try aside and lay
    down on the hard wooden boards of the porch. She drew up her knees and parted
    them wide, her right hand resting on her exposed pussy. 
&quot;Rub it then, you slut,&quot; the messenger snapped impatiently. 
He watched as the woman began stroking her fingers over her wet pussy
    lips, the fingertips teasing at her clitoris and circling the hard bud sexily.
    The Messenger slipped down his breeches, pulling them off over his riding
    boots as he watched the woman touching her sex. His cock throbbed as the
    woman's hips began to lift and buck as her pleasure increased. She was moaning
    as she rubbed herself, the pace increasing with her arousal. Her middle finger
    slipped up inside her crack to bring a huge sigh from the panting woman. 
&quot;Here girl,&quot; he shouted through to the daughter. 
The girl obediently came out of the house, naked and ready as she
    knew would be expected of her. At the wave of his hand she straddled him
    in the chair, facing the Messenger and sinking her warm pussy down over his
    erect cock. She sighed as his length filled her and his mouth clamped over
    her left nipple. Her body jerked and jolted as he began thrusting his hips
    up to crash against her young body. 
The mother's hand was a blur now, her fingers rubbing furiously at
    her pussy and her back arched in pained pleasure. Her body weight was supported
    only on the soles of her feet and her shoulders, her mons pushed up high
    as she thrust to meet the rubbing of her hand. She was panting and moaning,
    bucking her hips in a lewd and crude effort to gain sexual relief. 
It was a perverse pleasure for him to be fucking her daughter as the
    woman rubbed herself to bliss, oblivious of her child being had by the evil
    man. 
The Messenger came, groaning loudly as he shot up inside the warm
    body of the daughter. He savoured the feel of her for many minutes, kissing
    and licking her firm breasts before pushing her off him and standing up. 
The mother was near her peak, writhing and bucking, her head thrashing
    from side to side in pleasure as she ground her fingers harder and faster
    down onto her clitoris. 
The Messenger knelt, dipping his head between her thighs and his tongue
    extended. 
&quot;Lick my arse you little slut,&quot; he said to the daughter
    and pushed his tongue deep up inside the mother's wet pussy. 
He licked and probed as he felt the daughter's delicate little hands
    grip his hips. Tingling sensations shot through him as he felt the very tip
    of her wet warm tongue licking up the crease of his arse close to his anus.
    The wet worm of flesh teased at his little entrance to bring a series of
    jerking twitches to his now hard cock. He gripped the mother's thighs as
    she bucked and gasped at her peak and forced his tongue further up inside
    her pussy as the daughter licked now at the rear of his ball sac. He came
    again as the mother orgasmed, her thighs clamping powerfully around his head
    as her body shook and shuddered in climax. The copious pussy juices flowing
    readily to coat his mouth, his cheeks and chin coated with thick musky body
    fluid. The delights that the governor's house provided simply got better
    and he resolved at that moment to visit again before he finally left the
    commune. 
***The news of that morning jerked his cock to instant erection as the
    Messenger came down for breakfast. He tucked heartily into bacon and eggs
    with hot sweet tea to accompany them as he listened to the details. 
&quot;Three prisoners slipped away during the night,&quot; the governor
    reported mournfully and added icily, &quot;With the treatment you have been
    handing out it was to be expected I suppose.&quot; 
The Messenger ate on unperturbed; his sense of excitement however
    rose dramatically as the further details were given to him. 
&quot;Naked and barefoot, the three women slipped their chains and
    broke for freedom...&quot; 
&quot;Did they have assistance?&quot; the Messenger asked and forked
    another slice of bacon into his mouth. 
&quot;Yes, the guards report that a little blonde girl could have
    been their only ally, but she refuses to talk.&quot; 
&quot;Excellent,&quot; the Messenger muttered and helped himself to
    another fried egg. 
&quot;We think,&quot; the governor, continued, &quot;that the three
    ran to my quarters, stole some food from my kitchen and then made off toward
    the coast.&quot; 
&quot;Mmmm,&quot; so your wife and daughter aided these escapees,&quot; the
    Messenger taunted. 
&quot;No! Most certainly not, they - like me - were asleep and knew
    nothing of the theft until this morning.&quot; 
The Messenger laughed aloud at the defensive response to his goading
    and gulped at his hot tea. 
&quot;Have the little blonde slut taken to the dungeons, I will soon
    make her talk and find out the destination of the fleeing sluts.&quot; 
The Messenger drank with his right hand, his left slid down to grip
    his cock through his breeches and to squeeze at his stiffening cock through
    his breeches. 
&quot;I will enjoy questioning the deceitful little witch in a few
    minutes.&quot; 
The governor looked up momentarily and then cast his gaze back downward.
    His voice was low and almost inaudible as he muttered. 
&quot;I expect you will do just that - and more.&quot; 
***The naked women stood to attention and dropped their tools to the
    ground as the messenger walked into the cottage gardens. 
He strode purposefully, his expression set and serious and his gait
    one of a man with a mission. He carried a long rattan cane in his right hand
    and sucked on the thin clay pipe sticking from his mouth. The messenger walked
    across the newly tilled soil, crushing the lettuces beneath his feet as he
    stalked over the cultivated patch of group. 
&quot;You,&quot; he pointed with the cane to the young mousy-haired
    girl, &quot;stand to the side.&quot; 
He circled her menacingly, eyeing her suspiciously and then halted
    a little back and to the side of her. 
&quot;Who aided the escape?&quot; he demanded. 
&quot;I don't know sire,&quot; she said in a trembling voice that
    portrayed her great fear. 
She yelped in pain as the cane sliced through the air to cut a savage
    blow across the backs of her lower legs. 
&quot;I don't have time for this stupidity girl, now answer me.&quot; 
She sobbed and blurted out. 
&quot;But sire, I do not know.&quot; 
She screamed as the cane cut across the backs of her knees. 
&quot;Oh God help me please,&quot; she wailed and screamed again as
    another cutting lash stung at the backs of her upper thighs. 
On the third lash at her tender thighs her bladder released in her
    fear and a trickle of steaming urine spouted from between her legs. That
    flow increased to a forceful jet as the cane hit home again and again on
    her naked body to jolt her whole frame and to add to her pain. She stood
    with head down in shame, peeing herself as he whipped her, the hot yellow
    liquid deflected by her pussy lips to spray over her legs and feet. 
&quot;The blonde -Kathleen,&quot; she sobbed in misery and shame, &quot;It
    was her that helped them to get free.&quot; 
The messenger grunted in satisfaction and tapped at her back with
    the cane. 
&quot;Kneel slut, kneel and rub your face in the dirt like the whore
    that you are.&quot; 
The weeping girl complied, getting down onto all fours and pressing
    her face down into the urine soaked earth. She cried out as each hard stroke
    of the cane slammed against her presented buttocks and screamed louder still
    as he aimed then at her puffy pussy lips. Her agony only ended as she felt
    the warm splashes of his come landing on her naked back and she slumped forward
    face down in the soil sobbing heavily. 
***The girl, the blonde Kathleen, was tied back against a heavy wooden
    stake erected in the basement. Her wrists were bound to a thinner wooden
    crossbar that had been hauled up to the rafters above her to stretch her
    painfully onto tiptoe. Her ankles were strapped back to the post, one on
    either side and pulled back to force her buttocks against the post and her
    pussy outward. She trembled fearfully as the Messenger entered the dungeon
    and placed his holdall carefully down on the wooden bench to the side of
    the room. 
He stripped slowly, ensuring to display his hard cock in profile for
    her benefit as she whimpered in her discomfort. The Messenger stripped totally
    naked and then selected two lengths of thin twine that he made much of untangling
    and teasing out as he walked slowly over to the girl. 
&quot;Tell me where the sluts are headed,&quot; he said evenly as
    he looped and knotted the pieces of twine. 
&quot;I cannot, sire, for I know not where they went.&quot; 
He nodded his acknowledgement of her lies and slipped one loop over
    her left breast. He slipped the knot to draw the string tight and to pinch
    it cruelly around her soft orb. So tight was the restriction that her breasts
    were distorted in shape and the end bulged out like a balloon to pop the
    nipple out stiffly. She cried out as he repeated the same on her other breast
    and hauled the ends of the strings high above her. He secured the ends to
    the rafter above to add pull and tension to her squeezed and squashed orbs. 
Silently he worked, returning to his holdall to get each item of equipment
    in turn. Four short and flat pieces of wood came next, one placed under and
    another on top of each of her nipples and then pressed flat to trap the buds
    as the cord was wound tightly around the ends. 
The girl screamed loudly as her tender buds were crushed almost flat,
    some of her pre-maternal milk forced out of the ends under the great pressure
    on them. She sobbed and blubbered as the pain increased, her little body
    tensed and shook as the agony ripped through her entire being. 
When both nipples were cruelly crushed and the wooden plates in place
    the Messenger stepped back to admire his handy work. 
&quot;Tell me, you worthless slut.&quot; 
She blubbered but shook her head slowly, her mouth open as she sucked
    in air to feed her heaving sobs of pain. Tears cascaded down her cheeks and
    her eyes looked up at him with a silent pleading for mercy. 
He simply shrugged and readied the long and thin needle, he positioned
    the sharp point against the tip of her flattened nipple and pushed inward. 
The girl wailed and bucked like a banshee, her body thrashed against
    her bonds and she screamed so loud that the basement reverberated with her
    cries of pain. 
&quot;Tell me,&quot; he repeated and pressed harder in with the needle. 
&quot;West!&quot; she blurted, &quot;they went west to the fishing
    port, there to get a boat and to head for France .&quot; 
The Messenger grunted in satisfaction of her admission and pulled
    the needle out of her bud. 
&quot;And your part in all this?&quot; he asked calmly. 
&quot;I got them the key, sire. I distracted the guard and took his
    key.&quot; 
He simply nodded and then in one swift move plunged the point of the
    needle deep into the side of her breast. 
The Messenger almost came to orgasm as the girl bucked and screamed
    in pain. Again he stuck her and then again, delighting in her frantic struggling
    and pained wailing. He paused after the eighth insertion of the needle and
    knelt down by her feet. 
&quot;And now your reward you deceitful little slut.&quot; 
He pinched her puffy labia together with the fingers of his left hand
    and pushed the needle clean through both her pussy lips with the other. The
    long needle remained in her body pinching the two swollen lips tightly together.
    He hummed as he attached the thin threads to both ends and chuckled as he
    attached the small pear-drop weights to either end. He laughed loudly above
    her screams as he released the weights to pull cruelly down on the needle
    imbedded in her lips. 
Humming and stroking his cock with his left hand he selected a thin
    rattan cane and levelled it in line with the front of her thighs. The stroke
    hit equally across the tops of the front of her thighs, hitting across the
    cords and jerking the thin threads and weights excruciatingly. Six hard lashes
    he gave the girl before his excitement peaked and his cock jerked. Long streams
    of his come shot out to splash over the side of her hips and thighs and to
    trickle down her body. He moaned his satisfaction as he jerked his hips to
    emit every last drop of his seed onto the wailing girl. 
He turned to gather his clothes. 
&quot;As a further reward for your deception, you may remain here
    until I have caught the three sluts - however long that might take.&quot; 
He left the basement room to the panic filled screams of the little
    girl and he laughed loudly as he slammed and locked the door on her. 
***Four male guards were mounted on their horses and waiting in the hot
    sun in the compound. Coils of rope and long snaking whips hung from their
    saddles and their sprits were high. They relished the prospect of the chase
    to come, the hunt for the three women escapees and the sex that would inevitably
    be part of their capture. All were hard and anxious to get going as they
    awaited the arrival of the Messenger. The horses snorted and scraped their
    hooves impatiently in the dusty soil, they too wanted to be set free and
    to stride out across the fields and meadows. 
Out onto the hollow wooden boards of the porch he strode, the heels
    of his long boots thudding authoritatively on the wooden decking. He wore
    his favourite black breeches; tight and clinging they showed clearly his
    erect cock beneath them and his high level of sexual arousal. A black silken
    shirt covered his top and in his right hand he held the polished black riding
    crop. The dark colours and his commanding manner gave him a most sinister
    and wicked appearance, one that was conveyed to the groups of watching women
    as they shuffled silently to their duties. 
The Messenger walked easily down the wooden steps and mounted his
    horse in one expert throw of the leg that seated him astride the saddle.
    He gripped the reins and dug his heels in to spur his mount and to begin
    the hunt. The horses raced off across the compound, through the gates and
    then turned west toward the coast. 
***The three naked women had been running most of the night and slowing
    to walk only as their lungs burned to make it necessary. The sun was long
    since up over the horizon and in the warming daylight the three pushed on.
    The freezing waters of the stream further numbed their legs and thighs as
    they waded through the cold waters to the bank on the other side. The slippery
    bank smeared their legs and thighs with dark oozing mud but the stains seemed
    unimportant to them, escape being their only quest. They had come far this
    night and could smell the salt of the sea in the air, their spirits rose
    as did the pace of their walking, heartened, as escape for them now seemed
    a sure thing. They just had to reach the fishing port and get the boat, once
    that was done and they were away from the port then they would be safe and
    free for all times. The women slapped each other on the back and allowed
    themselves a rare moment of mirth as they pressed on through the long grass
    toward the coastline ahead of them. 
***The chase was on and the five riders charged across the meadows, spurring
    their horses with a sexually charged urgency and a heightened thrill combined.
    The Messenger was raised in the saddle, his feet deep in the stirrups and
    riding like a jockey to speed his horse in the hunt. His cock throbbed its
    need and excitement, the element of uncertainty increasing the charge that
    was coursing through him. To run the women down would be a charge indeed
    but they ways in which they would suffer afterwards would be delight iteslf. 
The riders began to spread out, covering a wider area of the wide
    fields as they slowed now to a trot, the distance covered by barefoot women
    in the dark could not have been great and the excitement began to build as
    they crossed the wide stream and came up onto the grassy slopes beyond. 
Far, far ahead they could see the three women, their pale bodies easily
    visible against the lush green of the meadow grass. The three had spread
    out and were running full-tilt toward the coastline on the far horizon. 
The messenger readied his whip, looping the strap around his wrist
    and clutching the thick handle in his palm. He pulled on the reins and gave
    a delighted shout and then urged his horse onto a canter in pursuit. 
Only minutes it took for the horses to close the gap and to come close
    up behind the running women who scattered in differing directions. The guards
    set out in pursuit of two women and left the third woman to the mercy of
    the Messenger. They yelled excitedly and lashed with their whips as they
    chased the frightened women this way and that through the long grass. 
The messenger steered after the olive-skinned woman, urging his horse
    alongside her. He pulled his arm back and lashed the long whip to land devastatingly
    hard blow across her back and shoulders. 
The woman yelped in pain, her head throwing back and her body arching
    as the searing pain burned into her naked flesh. Her pace slowed momentarily
    and then she broke to the right in an effort to escape the lash of the whip.
    Her powerful thighs pumped rapidly to drive her legs in flight. She was panting
    hard and sobbing in fear as she heard the horse moving close up behind her
    once again. A blinding explosion of pain registered in her brain as the whip
    cut savagely across the side of her thigh, the end curling around to sting
    harshly at the soft inner tops of her leg. She stumbled and tripped but ran
    on, twisting and turning in her path to evade her cruel pursuer. The numbing
    pain in her thigh made her now limp and further slowed her pace, her movements
    were slower and her turns clumsy, aiding her imminent capture. 
The messenger was in his element, he whooped his delight as he turned
    the horse again and charged at the fleeing woman. He lashed again with the
    whip and nudged the flank of the horse against her to send her sprawling
    headlong and face down in the grass. He turned and rode back, reaching the
    woman just as she was gaining her feet and breaking into a run, his cock
    was so hard that it hurt as it pressed against the inside of his breeches,
    the sight of the panicking woman adding to the thrill he was experiencing.
    Along side her now, he extended his leg and pulled his foot back then pushed
    it out fast to stamp the sole of his hard boot squarely into the centre of
    her back. It knocked the woman face down on the ground and she lay there
    sobbing heavily, all fight and breath knocked from her and fear now her only
    ally. 
The messenger circled the woman on his horse, lashing down hard with
    the whip to sting at her body and to leave thin red welts of burning pain
    on her flesh. For many minutes he whipped her cruelly as she lay before pausing
    to dismount. He towered over her; resting one boot on the centre of her back
    and pressing down to further assert his authority over her. 
&quot;Suffer now you will, slut,&quot; he sniggered and screwed the
    heel of his boot harder down into her body. 
***The whole commune was gathered in the compound, one guard had ridden
    ahead to make the arrangements. Anxiously the two hundred naked women waited
    in lines in the heat of the morning sun for the sickening spectacle that
    would surely follow. 
Through the gates the messenger rode, his head held high and back
    straight, his chest was pushed out proudly in triumph as he led the group
    across the compound. 
The three naked escapees were running behind the horses, their wrists
    roped and being dragged, they looked bedraggled, pathetic and defeated. Their
    bodies were streaked with mud and criss-crossed with sore red welts where
    the whips had made their mark. The women's faces were streaked with tears
    and they stumbled exhausted behind the big horses to the centre part of the
    open area. 
The messenger turned his horse and addressed the watching crowd. 
&quot;Now you will witness the reward for folly.&quot; 
He sniggered and raised his arm in signal to begin the punishment
    of the three breakaways. 
***Both wrists were bound behind her back, her ankles were bound and
    crossed and pulled back up behind her to meet her wrists, her heels digging
    into her buttocks. The position pulled her knees and thighs wide to expose
    her gaping sex open and unhindered. The downward bow of her body made her
    ample breasts hang down and the collar around her neck pulled her upper body
    back painfully to further increase the arch of her body. Stuck in her anus
    was a large metal hook attached to a rope that pulled excruciatingly under
    tension to threaten to rip her delicate orifice apart. She hung like that,
    suspended some six feet up from the ground, her limbs aching furiously by
    the pull exerted on them. 
In the blazing sun and the heat of the compound the olive skinned
    woman hung from the 'T' frame before the gathered crowd. She wept freely
    in her pain and misery, her fears increased as the Messenger began his ceremonial
    undressing ritual below and to the side of her. 
With his hard cock jutting out from his body, the messenger paraded
    naked, walking slowly up and down the lines of naked women and inspecting
    the display of nude flesh offered. He mentally selected one or two for his
    afternoon's entertainment and was delighted to see the Governor's wife and
    daughter at the end of the front row. The only two clothed women they may
    have been but it gave him an added thrill that they should be present with
    their husband and father. He smiled at them and turned, sliced the thin cane
    through the air several times for practice and then approached the suspended
    woman. 
&quot;Witness now,&quot; he shouted loudly, &quot;the fate of all
    witches.&quot; 
He aimed the cane between her thighs and landed a sickeningly hard
    blow directly down the slit of her open pussy. The messenger almost came
    as the woman's body was racked by a series of violent convulsions, she jerked
    and shuddered like a putted on the ropes that suspended her. She gagged and
    vomited with the excruciating pain and her eyes bulged out in shocked disbelief.
    Again he struck and then again, each jerking of her body pulling harder on
    the metal hook up her anus to send a different and more excruciating series
    of pained shock waves running through her. 
Again he hit at her, thrashing her puffy labia and her soft pink inner
    pussy lips in a savage beating of sheer wanton cruelty. Time and again the
    hard cane slapped against her tender parts to bring scream after scream from
    the suspended woman. In the watching crowds several women fainted at the
    sight and all others were stunned to obedient silence. 
Not content to abuse her sex so cruelly the messenger began striking
    at the metal hook to send conducted shock waves of sheer brutal agony up
    deeper into her soft interior. 
The woman gagged several times more before passing out, her body slumping
    lifelessly within her rope restraints. 
The messenger was ecstatic, his face was flushed with excitement and
    his cock reared up in responsive jerks of deep pleasure. He strode purposefully
    to the first line of watching woman and grabbed a redhead by the hair. He
    dragged her, head down and squealing over to the 'T' frame. The messenger
    turned her to face inward between the suspended woman's thighs and pressed
    her face against the woman's bruised pussy. 
&quot;Lick her, you little slut,&quot; he instructed and pressed his
    hard cock against the girl's firm buttocks. 
The girl whimpered nervously and hesitantly extended her tongue; she
    shuddered in disgust as the thick juices of the beaten pussy filled her mouth.
    She whimpered more so as the messenger's great cock pushed up between the
    backs of her thighs and entered her pussy from behind. She gasped aloud and
    drove her tongue deeper as his whole length slid up inside her pussy to take
    her virginity from her. She stood there humiliated and shamed before the
    other women, licking another woman's pussy as he fucked her hard from behind. 
It was total humiliation for the girl, to be seen naked was bad enough,
    to be fucked at all and even less before an audience was utter shame but
    to be forced to lick at another woman's sex was total degradation. 
The messenger tensed and pulled out of her, tilting his hips upward
    to send great spurts of his thick seed up and onto the weeping girl's back
    and buttocks. He wanked himself slowly to finish his orgasm and then began
    beating the young girl with the cane to restart the hardening process of
    his cock. 
***He would, the messenger had decided, extend the punishment over three
    days. One woman dealt with he would take the others on following days to
    prolong their suffering and to hammer home the message to the other women
    of the commune. The waiting, he felt would add a certain element of fear
    and further is feel of command over the sluts of the commune. 
The man lounged back in his seat and spread his legs; stretching them
    lazily as the naked young girl kneeling next to his chair circled her fingers
    around his thick cock. So tiny was her hand that her fingertips barely touched
    as she gripped his throbbing shaft. She began wanking him, gasping in amazement
    at the warm feel and the way the hot rod pulsed with a life of its own. She
    stared wide-eyed as the foreskin first closed over the great bulbous head
    and then stretched tightly back down along the gnarled shaft. Under his direction
    her other hand cupped his balls reverently, weighing them in the palm of
    little hand, her fingertips teasing so close to his anus. 
&quot;Rub your thumb across the tip,&quot; he moaned and shifted his
    hips forward to savour the feel of her tiny hand on him. 
The messenger moaned and groaned in pleasure as she flicked her thumb
    across the eyehole and continued wanking him. His hips thrust upward several
    times before a thick stream of his come gushed powerfully out to hit and
    splash over her arm and naked breasts. 
The girl gagged and recoiled in disgust, releasing her grip on him
    and rolling back on the floor frantically wiping the thick globules from
    her naked breasts. 
The messenger was on his feet in an instant, his face flushed in anger
    and his eyes blazing fury. 
&quot;You ruined it for me, you silly little slut!&quot; 
&quot;Please, sire,&quot; she begged fearfully and shrunk back with
    her arms raised defensively. 
He gave her no time to plead further; the messenger grasped her hair
    at the top of her head and hauled the girl bodily to her feet. He swung her
    around several times and pushed her face down over the back of a chair. 
&quot;Stupid little bitch,&quot; he raved and pressed her face hard
    down onto the seat of the chair, &quot;Grip the sides, you slut.&quot; 
The girl, bent forward at the waist over the back of the chair, did
    as she was told and her hands gasped both sides of the chair seat. She remained
    there stretched up on tiptoe, the back of the chair pressing into her lower
    belly and her buttocks presented high. She began to cry as the messenger
    fetched the cane and positioned himself alongside her. 
The chair scraped forward along the floor as her body jolted under
    the hard lash of the cane. It sliced down savagely to cut across the firm
    mounds of both cheeks to sent shock waves of burning pain racing through
    her little body. The girl screamed with all her heart as the agony tore through
    her flesh and then she screamed again as the cane cut down for a second time
    to mark her pale flesh close to the previous welt. Again and again her lashed
    at her, all of his anger and frustration being directed into the cruel swings
    of the cane. 
&quot;Never,&quot; he panted excitedly, &quot;never ruin my pleasure
    again you little whore.&quot; 
He lashed again and again, so hard did he lash at her that the girl
    stood upright under the brutal assault. Her body quivered with the excruciating
    pain she was experiencing, her face screwed up in agony and her arms flailed
    uselessly by her sides. She tried to break and run but her legs were kicked
    from under her to send her crashing heavily down onto the hard floorboards.
    The girl curled up into a ball, a foetal position of some little comfort
    and defence as the hard cane blows rained down to strike her on varying part
    of her body. Her forearms and legs, her thighs and hips all suffered terribly
    under the ferocious assault. Her back and waist, her buttocks and inner thighs
    all bore the marks of the cane as she rolled around and flailed her arms
    and legs as she screamed for mercy. 
At length the Messenger halted in his attack, he stood with his chest
    heaving from his exertions, and he towered over the sobbing girl admiring
    the red blotches and stripes he had made on her soft skin. His cock twitched
    in excitement and reared up as he came for the second time, his hot come
    spattering down onto the nude body of the cringing girl. 
&quot;Tomorrow you will try again bitch and if you fail to please
    me yet again - you go to the dungeon.&quot; 
The girl broke down completely, her little body racked by great heaving
    sobs of misery as her pained and bruised body crawled slowly away toward
    the door. 
***She was twenty-eight years old and virgin, or was until she had been
    tied so in the compound. The second of the escapees had been there all night,
    impaled on the thick upright post in the centre of the dusty area. Her wrists
    were bound together behind the back of her neck and her feet splayed about
    two feet apart and either side of the thick stake. Her ankles were secured
    to heavy metal rings sunk into the ground and her back was arched backward
    as the rope attached to her neck pulled constantly under tension. The thick
    wooden stake, sunk upright into the ground, pushed so far up inside her pussy
    that she was forced up onto tiptoe to try to ease the terrible agony. Her
    pussy lips were red and sore where the thick post had scraped them as she
    had been lowered onto her wooden prison and were stretched cruelly wide by
    the thick girth. Her breasts jutted out in fullness and the mound of her
    pussy presented with her over-sized clitoris poking out from the tops of
    her lips. The woman wept softly as she had done throughout the long cold
    night as the whole of the commune filed into the area and formed up in the
    usual rows. 
The Messenger made his entrance totally naked, he strode across the
    wide compound, his cock hard in erection and bouncing freely as he walked
    to take his position in the centre of the crowd. The turned theatrically
    and waved the riding crop across his body several times. 
&quot;The escapee bitch here has earned you all an increase in your
    work quotas.&quot; 
A low groan came from all the women present. 
&quot;Thanks to this wanton witch and her wicked ways you all now
    have to work twice as hard to fulfil the production rates.&quot; 
He strode around facing each section of women in turn and offering
    his hard cock proudly as he did so. 
&quot;Suffer she will most certainly, but you all will suffer equally
    as you toil at your increased duties today and until all of the witches are
    banished from the commune.&quot; 
He swung in hard to land a savage blow with the crop across her naked
    breasts. The impact flattened her orbs momentarily fully back against her
    ribcage and then filled out again as she screamed. Again he struck and then
    again, battering her tender orbs and causing her body to jerk and to increase
    the pain of the pole inserted up inside her. 
&quot;Be cleansed witch,&quot; he bellowed and lashed now at the mound
    of her mons. 
Six hard and brutal lashes of the crop he laid on her jutting clitoris
    as the woman's body jerked in involuntary spasms of deep agony. Then he started
    on her outer thighs, lashing them hard and numbing her legs to sink her back
    down onto the intruding pole. Her eyes locked wide and her tongue lolled
    uselessly out of her mouth as she gasped her agony to the watching crowd.
    The woman sighed once and then passed out, her body sagging uselessly down
    on the pinioning post. 
The messenger laughed aloud and moved close to her, he pressed his
    cock flat against the woman's lower belly and rubbed himself against her.
    He grunted as he came, his thick seed shooting up between their bodies to
    splash at the underside of her bruised breasts. 
&quot;The witch is cleansed,&quot; he panted and chuckled, &quot;this
    witch will perform trickery no more.&quot; 
The stunned women were ushered of to their duties as the messenger
    continued to grind his cock against the senseless woman, moaning his pleasure
    at the feel of her against him. 
***The little slut had failed again to please the messenger at her second
    attempt to wank him. He had come it is true and good it had been, but not
    good enough to spare her a sound thrashing. She was standing and naked, her
    face pressed down against her knees and the rope around her neck pulled harshly
    up between her legs to pull in between her pussy lips. Tied to the rafter
    above her it both pinioned her head down to her knees and made her balance
    a precarious thing indeed. Her wrists were bound to the sides of her ankles
    and she had raised herself onto tiptoe to ease the chaffing of the thick
    rope on her tender pussy lips. 
She grunted and shook as the cane stung across the tender backs of
    her upper thighs, her body movements rubbed her little clitoris harshly against
    the taut hemp rope. Again the cane lashed at her to increase her agony and
    to feed the excitement that the messenger was experiencing. 
&quot;Suffer for your inept ways,&quot; he panted and cut in again
    with the cane, he aimed the blows to strike on the bruises of the previous
    day and to further increase her pain. Again and again he lashed her legs,
    chuckling as the girl wailed her pain to the cold hollow basement room. By
    the time he paused her legs were a mass of red blotches and stripes that
    bore testament to the brutality of the blows laid on her. 
The messenger moved in and spent many minutes rubbing the head of
    his cock up and down the stretched crease of her arse. He eased the rope
    to one side and located the head of his cock at the entrance to her anus.
    He laughed aloud as he forced in, splitting the little ring of muscles as
    his great girth entered her little tunnel. He pushed fully up inside her
    warm body as she screamed her pain to her knees. 
The messenger rested there, stationary and feeling the grip of her
    internal muscles around his cock. He lashed down on her bare back to send
    shock waves of pain shooting through her and causing the internal muscles
    to clamp even harder around him. Again he lashed her and then again, building
    a steady rhythm of gripping and relaxing of her body on his hard cock. He
    beat her back raw as he took his pleasure, thrashing the little girl mercilessly
    as his excitement built. His cock exploded inside her soft interior to inject
    his thick seed deep up inside her rectum. The messenger grave several slow
    thrusts up into the girl to complete his orgasm before pulling out, allowing
    her sphincter to return to near normal proportions. 
&quot;Tomorrow we try again,&quot; he threatened, &quot;and tomorrow
    it must be better still.&quot; 
The little girl began sobbing heavily in her pain and misery as the
    door slammed shut and she began her long night of discomfort. 
***The third escapee was naked and crucified to the 'T' frame in the
    compound. She had already confessed to both being a witch and to instigating
    the escape plan, she had, she had also admitted, encouraged the others to
    flee with her. 
Her arms were pulled wide and to the sides, bound securely back against
    the thick wooden cross. Her legs were splayed, the ankles bound back and
    to the sides of the heavy upright. She bucked and screamed in a frantic thrashing
    of her body as the white-hot branding iron was put close to her breast. 
&quot;No cleansing for you witch,&quot; the messenger gloated and
    pressed the hot iron against her soft orb. 
Her mouth gaped open in silent pleading for mercy. Her whole body
    shuddered and shook as the singe mark was made on her. She let out a great
    sigh as the hot iron was removed but the burning pain remained long after
    its removal. The woman was stamped, branded with the 'W' burned on her chest
    as the mark of the witch. She slumped forward against her bonds sobbing her
    apologies to the messenger before her. 
It was the cat-of-nine-tails that he selected; the effects on the
    watching women would be more profound he felt. The messenger swung hard with
    the cat to lash the strands across the woman's lower belly and her pussy,
    the thin lead-weighted strands striking savagely at her tender flesh. Her
    head threw back to crack hard against the wooden post and her body bucked
    violently under the impact. It bucked and jerked as lash after lash was laid
    on her in a savage assault of leather on human flesh. 
Ten hard lashes cut at her body before he halted, the guards cut her
    down and dragged the semi-conscious woman over to the stocks. She was bent
    over with her neck and wrists imprisoned in the wooden slats that were locked
    shut around her. Her ankles were pulled apart and secured wide to offer her
    pussy between the tops of her thighs. 
Low mutterings ran through the many ranks of watching women as the
    small wooden platform was dragged into position behind the bending woman.
    Those mutterings changed to louder gasps of disbelief and horror as the big
    Alsation guard dog was lead across the compound toward the screaming woman. 
***Things were going rather well the Messenger thought. Production was
    now running at nearly three times that when he had arrived. He had identified
    some of the witches and dealt with them, in addition he had sent a clear
    and unequivocal message to the remaining members of the commune. There was
    still much to do here and not least the question of the governor's position
    but time he had and only time would tell. 
He stood naked on the veranda of the Governor's house, leaning forward
    casually on the low wooden rail. His legs were parted wide and his cock pushed
    through the slats and into the mouth of the Governor's wife that stood on
    the other side. On the lower ground below, her head was level with the end
    of his cock and she sucked greedily on his throbbing member. 
Behind him and naked knelt the daughter, her little hands holding
    onto his thick thighs as she licked all around the crease of his arse and
    circled his bum hole with the tip of her tongue. He tensed his legs as the
    tickling tip of her tongue searched around his backside, her revulsion at
    her task simply added to the excitement for him. 
&quot;Up inside,&quot; he instructed evenly and wriggled his backside
    in anticipation. 
The daughter groaned her disgust but complied. She formed her tongue
    into a firm wedge of flesh, pressed the tip into the centre of his anus and
    pushed in. She forced her wet; warm worm up into his tight tunnel, gagging
    as she did so. Her nose pressed into the upper part of the crease in his
    hairy buttocks and her chin pressed against the back of his scrotum, a most
    delightful touch to experience. 
&quot;Curl your tongue around inside me,&quot; he ordered, and feel
    my balls at the same time you little slut.&quot; 
One delicate little hand moved to weigh his balls and the sensations
    of the combined tongue inside him and the feel of her little slim fingers
    were too much to bear. He grunted and shot his seed deep into the back of
    the mother's throat, jerking his hips and clenching his anal muscles around
    the daughters tongue. He took a long time emptying himself into the woman's
    wet, warm cavern and moaned his delight as the slut licked and swallowed
    every drop of his thick seed. 
The messenger straightened and stretched lazily as the daughter vomited
    behind him and the mother spat and gagged to clear the thick semen from her
    throat. 
&quot;You lick well bitch,&quot; he complimented the daughter as she
    wiped the back of her hand across her mouth and spat again to try to remove
    the foul taste in her mouth. 
He sat back in the rocking chair, an evil grin creasing his face. 
&quot;Now you can lick your mother's pussy whilst I watch.&quot; 
The mother screamed and the daughter was sick but his evil menacing
    stare made the mother relent and reluctantly she lay back on the wooden boards
    of the veranda and part her legs in readiness. 
&quot;Oh the pleasures of being in command,&quot; he posed thoughtfully
    to the fresh clean air and began to laugh. 
***The tree-felling party in the woods had worked since sun up and were
    now taking a rest period in the small clearing that their morning's work
    had created. The naked women sat around resting back against fallen tree
    trunks, some with their knees raised and parted now, all inhibitions long
    since removed from them. They tried not even to cover themselves as the messenger
    dismounted and walked amongst them flanked by his loyal guards. He walked
    around, inspecting and selecting the display of open thighs and pussy on
    offer, the red gashes of their slits open and gaping in blatant offering.
    He could take any and all of them if he wished and the sluts knew that by
    now, that thought amused him as he moved around eyeing the gaping pussies. 
Some of the thrill and excitement had gone since most of the women
    now readily complied with any command and no dissent or reason was given
    for him to chastise them. He didn't really need a reason, that he knew, but
    it did so add to the sexual charge when they were being punished. 
The messenger sat back on a fallen tree and raised one leg casually.
    He waved his crop idly at a petite little blonde and told her to stand before
    him. 
&quot;Dance for me, slut.&quot; 
&quot;But there is no music, sire,&quot; she said in bemusement. 
He sniggered and motioned to the guards. 
&quot;Give her some music,&quot; he said casually. 
Four thin whips lashed at her little legs as one, the thin strands
    biting spitefully into the soft flesh to cause her to scream aloud to the
    treetops. She began to dance, her little breasts bouncing and jiggling delightfully
    as her body bounced in dance. Faster the whips lashed at her legs and faster
    the little girl danced to try to please the master. She sobbed as she jigged,
    the aching pain in her lower legs and the humiliation all too much for her.
    For many minutes the ritual dance continued, the girl's legs reddened by
    the constant lashing of the thin whips. 
At length the messenger raised his hand to halt the proceedings; he
    yawned in boredom and dismissed the girl back to her place. 
&quot;I tire so easily of such simplicity,&quot; he announced and
    pointed to another and slightly older girl with huge dangling breasts and
    thick rubbery nipples. 
&quot;You bitch, come forward and squat.&quot; 
The girl complied, facing him she squatted with her knees stretched
    wide to show fully her open pussy. 
&quot;Pee for me, slut, I want to watch you pee.&quot; 
Shocked but not about to desist the girl's face reddened as she strained.
    Moments passed with nothing happening as she grunted and strained to squeeze
    the fluid from her body. 
The guards and the messenger looked with fixed stares between her
    legs in silent anticipation but nothing came. The messenger nodded to the
    senior guard who laid a brutal lash of his whip across the tops of her shoulders. 
She screamed and tensed and then screamed again as a second lash 
cut across her back. The girl grunted and then sighed as the trickle
    began, the hot yellow liquid running first around the lips of her labia and
    then forming into a forceful stream of hot steaming pee. She groaned in shame
    as she squatted there, the mocking laughter of the watching men adding to
    her deep humiliation. She began to cry as the flow subsided and then scampered
    away red faced at the wave of the messenger's hand. 
He was hard; his stiff cock obvious through the thin tight breeches
    as the Messenger stood up and stretched lazily. He pointed now to a tall
    black-haired woman with a thick bush of pubic hair nestling between her thighs. 
&quot;You slut, straddle the fallen log face down.&quot; 
The nervous woman scrabbled to her feet and almost ran to assume the
    position. Her breasts jiggled and swung side to side as she trotted, her
    neat backside wobbling pleasingly with the loping of her slim thighs. She
    laid face down aside the thick trunk her naked breasts and mons pressing
    down on the cold rough bark. The woman hugged the huge trunk in a crude embrace,
    her thighs stretched wide to grip around it and her arms dangling down either
    side. The position pushed her buttocks up and arched her back beautifully
    to present her pussy and anus open from the rear. 
At the messenger's instruction the guards roped her limbs, pulling
    the ropes tightly beneath the angled tree trunk and pinning the woman helplessly
    as she lay. 
The messenger stripped, peeling down his breeches to free his pulsing
    erection. He picked up a thick twig, snapped it to about six inches in length
    and forced one end up into the woman's anus. He laughed aloud as she wailing
    in pain, the jerking of her body and the nodding of her head a sure sign
    that the probe was hitting the desired spot. He stepped back and tapped at
    the end of the twig with his crop to send conducted vibrations down the twig
    and deep up inside the woman's anus. 
She screamed a most pitiful wailing as the excruciating pain tore
    through her tender insides. That agony increased as the tapping became harder
    and faster. Her shoulders pulled back and her face was bright red and creased
    in pain as she screamed for mercy from the severity of the pain inside her. 
Harder he taped, chuckling maniacally as he worked, delighting in
    the way her taut little buttocks gripped and released with each little shock
    wave of pain that was sent rushing through her. The messenger began pulling
    the crop back further each time to increase the power of the blows, the woman's
    frantic screaming and tearing at her bonds fed his level of excitement to
    push it to the highest yet. Three taps on the very end of the twig drove
    the stick deeper still up inside her and to send her into a series of body
    jerking convulsions that signalled her imminent blacking out. 
The messenger paused, cast the crop aside and in one swift and brutal
    tug yanked the twig from her anus. He mounted the tree trunk behind her and
    slipped his cock up into her stretched pussy, pushing fully home and until
    all of his cock was buried in her body. He began a hard thrusting into her,
    so hard that it jerked her body to scrape her clitoris on the hard, rough
    bark of the three and to maintain her wailing of pain as he shafted her brutally.
    Her soft breasts were crushed and rubbed, the nipples scraping likewise on
    the hard trunk to further increase her suffering. He rode her furiously,
    slamming his hips hard against her buttocks to add to the scratching of her
    tender bud. With head up and back straight he rammed into her time and again
    before coming in torrents to fill her insides with his thick, warm sperm. 
The messenger dismounted, his sadistic smile broadened as he motioned
    to the watching guards. 
&quot;Have her - all of you take your turn with the slut.&quot; 
***It was music to the messenger's ears. Boredom had begun to set in
    and he was idling his time away drinking and eating on the veranda of the
    compound buildings. The guard ran across the square to break the news, he
    drew to a halt panting and simply bursting to relate his message. It had
    been expected and had been building steadily - the messenger had sensed it.
    Normally at about this stage of his strict regime being instigated there
    was a rebellion of one sort or another and this presented a wonderful chance
    to both enjoy himself and to further stamp his mark. 
&quot;A group of women had barricaded themselves in the dormitory
    and were refusing to work and to comply with instructions,&quot; the guard
    announced. 
The messenger clapped his hands in delight, the challenge had been
    set and he would rise to it in more ways than one. How he relished the opportunity
    to once and for all ensure that his authority was firmly stamped on the women
    of the commune. The messenger rose from his seat and straightened himself
    in readiness; he gripped his stiffening cock through his thin breeches and
    groaned at the thought of the sport to come. 
***The messenger had stood back during the breaking down of the door
    and the capture of the women objectors. That was the work of the guards he
    reasoned, his skills lay in disciplining the ringleaders of the subversive
    forces. He watched as each naked and shackled woman was lead from the room,
    whipped cruelly on their way by the guard's multi-thonged lashes. Eight in
    all, he beamed his delight at the number of objectors for it was rare to
    encounter more than two or three at most. 
The messenger then leaned close to the senior guard's ear and issued
    his instructions. 
***In the dust heat of the compound eight thick wooden stakes had been
    driven into the ground. Each eight-feet tall and each set ten feet apart,
    the messenger's instructions had been precise and had been carried out to
    the letter. The entire two hundred women had been assembled to witness the
    proceedings and stood in orderly rows awaiting the victims' arrival. 
They crawled, on hands and knees in the dust, herded and lashed as
    they scrambled frantically pass the watching women and to the centre of the
    compound. The guards kicked and lashed them to urge them faster still, the
    sobbing women wailing their misery as their bodies were beaten en route. 
One naked woman was chained to each of the posts, their arms pulled
    high up above their heads and dangling by the thick straps secured around
    their wrists. Their bodies faced the posts and their feet were clear of the
    ground to add agonising discomfort and stretch to their entire bodies. They
    hung there before the whole of the gathered commune to receive their punishment
    for their open defiance of the messenger. 
From 30 metres back the messenger readied his horse, he flicked the
    long bullwhip out to the side and spurred his horse to a gallop. He shouted
    maniacally as he charged and leaned to the side to pull his arm back. 
A loud gasp of horror came from the watching women as the whip struck
    the body of the first woman. The horse charged past the post but the coiling
    leather bullwhip landed with added momentum and savagery. It cut across her
    buttocks to slam her body hard against the thick wooden stake to knock the
    air from the woman's lungs. A broad red welt appeared instantly and the wet
    red smear it produced displayed the force of the blow administered. She fainted
    immediately under the burning agony that was searing into her flesh, more
    than body or mind could cope with. Her whole body slumped lifelessly to hang
    twitching against the wooden stake. 
The messenger turned his horse and charged again, he whooped his delight
    and then slashed the whip to coil around the next stake and to cut the whip
    cruelly across the woman's lower back. Again and again he turned and charged,
    striking each woman in turn with a savage and damaging blow of the heavy
    whip. When he was done he halted his horse and slid expertly down out of
    the saddle panting hard in his excitement. The messenger began his ceremonial
    undressing, slow and deliberate as always, unhurried and designed to further
    instil fear. 
Two of the eight women were still conscious and he selected the one
    that he deemed to be the main ringleader. The woman was cut down and thrown
    roughly in the dirt at his feet. She grovelled there, her face pressed down
    onto the tip of his boots and her backside high in the air. Her whole body
    shook with great heaving sobs and her back bore the bloody mark of the whip. 
&quot;Crawl on your belly, slut witch,&quot; he commanded and stepped
    back. 
The sobbing woman spread herself face down in the dust and began to
    move in a snake-like belly crawl. Her entire body jolted as the thick whip
    slammed down on her back, She crawled on, her wailing screams added to the
    spectacle within the compound. Lash after lash stung at her body, her buttocks,
    back and the backs of her legs. Minutes of brutal agony passed for her before
    she slipped into the welcome blackness of unconsciousness. 
The messenger stood over her body, held his long cock out in readiness
    and shot his thick seed down onto her naked body. He wanked himself slowly
    to eject every last drop of his come onto her in a display of his authority
    over the witches. 
&quot;Lock the sluts up,&quot; he called to the guards, &quot;they
    have more to suffer yet before they learn the full price of rebellion.&quot; 
Ashen faced and silent, their heads hanging down, the gathered women
    of the commune were led away to their tasks. 
***In the dungeon seven of the eight women were naked and had their wrists
    strapped tightly behind their backs. Ball gags distorted their faces to grimaced
    yawning expressions. They were pulled up onto tiptoe by the thin threads
    tied around their nipples and stretched up to the rafters above. The women's
    heads hung back in sullen defeat, the cramps in the legs and bodies adding
    to the difficulty of staying on their toes to ease the pull on their nipples. 
All seven were in a line along one side of the cold damp dungeon and
    about six feet out from the wall. Little muffled whimpers of pain and discomfort
    came from them as the cramps tugged at their toes and their body weight dropped
    slightly to tear cruelly at their nipples. 
The eighth woman was stretched out on a rack, spread-eagled with her
    arms and legs splayed, her limbs had been stretched to almost tearing point
    and then held there under tension. Thick darning needles had been pushed
    through each of her tender nipples and the threads attached to them stretched
    up and to the side to wrench her ample breasts apart. At her lower end her
    clitoris had been similarly pierced with a thick darning needle, the pulling
    thread tacked to the wooden frame of the rack between her feet. The woman's
    mouth gaped open in silent pleading and her eyes rolled in their sockets
    as the excruciating pain surged through her. 
The messenger stood naked and erect next to the low rack, the thin
    clay pipe in his mouth and a broad smile on his face. His cock reared in
    excited pleasure and pre-come oozed from the eyehole in the end. The tall
    man slipped the pipe out of his mouth and tipped it, spilling burning embers
    onto the woman's stomach to send her whole body into a series of racking
    convulsions. As her body moved the pull on the threads and needles increased
    to tear cruelly at her most tender parts but still she could not find the
    voice to scream. 
The messenger amused himself, tapping at the taut threads to amplify
    the woman's suffering. He flicked and twanged the tight strings to send her
    into jerking spasms of the deepest agony. For almost five minutes he played
    idly with the strings, increasing her pain and delighting in the way her
    body reacted to it. 
He tired of his game and moved to take up the crop; he positioned
    himself at the end of the rack and levelled the crop to his side. 
&quot;Suffer those that dare to defy me,&quot; he announced loudly
    and laughed and then swung in hard to swipe forcefully at the thread attached
    to the woman's clitoris. He came at that moment; his come arcing up his in
    a long stream of ejaculation that portrayed his high level of arousal. Only
    then did the woman find her voice and screamed her agony to the ceiling.
    He mocked her, chuckling heartily as he moved around to repeat the process
    on her breasts. 
***Six of the rebel women were still stretched up on their toes with
    the threads pulling hard at their nipples, the seventh had been cut down
    and was being prepared for her punishment. She knelt on the cold stone floor
    of the basement, her wrists still bound securely behind her but now her elbows
    had also been roped. They were drawn in together behind her back to meet
    between her shoulder blades and to strain her shoulders and back most painfully.
    Her ankles were crossed one on top of the other and held fast by a wide encircling
    leather strap. Straps over her knees pinioned her to the ringbolts set into
    the floor and she knelt there whimpering softly in fear and unable to move
    at all. 
The messenger shifted the low bench in front of her and rested her
    ample breasts on the top of the flat wooden surface. The thin threads still
    attached to her nipples were pulled across its width and pulled tight before
    being secured to maintain the tension on her buds. He laid a long plank of
    wood on top of her breasts to sandwich them between the two hard wooden surfaces.
    The messenger chuckled from deep in his throat and then stepped up onto the
    end of the bench. 
The woman wailed fearfully as he raised his booted foot and stepped
    full weight onto the plank. The hard wooden plank pressed down with an unbearable
    pressure to flatten her soft orbs. She screamed non-stop as the laughing
    messenger walked along the plank, her flattened breasts billowed out in all
    directions under the terrific weight upon them. Her face was contorted in
    a mask of deep pain, her eyes bulged and she screamed like an animal with
    its leg snapped in the jaws of a gin trap. So great was the pressure exerted
    by his body weight that her nipples double in side and turned a deep blood-red,
    fluid leaked from the tips as her breasts were mercilessly squashed. 
Back and forth the messenger strode on the plank, turning near the
    ends before marching back down the length of it. He sprung in his strides
    to bear down even harder and mocked her pained wailing and her pleas for
    mercy. At length he tired of his game and jumped down off the bench, his
    naked cock bouncing and rearing in excitement. He took a long and broad leather
    strap, wound it several times around his right hand and pulled the arm back. 
The smacking sound that the strap produced as it hit her body reverberated
    around the whole dungeon. A sadistically hard swipe that marked her flesh
    instantly to leave a broad reddened stripe across her pale buttocks. He lashed
    again at the blubbering woman, aiming at a different part of her presented
    backside to increase further her suffering. On the eighteenth last the woman
    slumped forward onto the bench her body heaving and close to fainting. 
The messenger knelt behind her and forced his cock fully up into her
    pussy from behind. He muttered his satisfaction and began a slow pumping
    of his thick shaft into her body. Both his hands reached out to her back,
    he dug his fingernails hard down into her flesh and then dragged his tensed
    fingers down her skin toward her backside. He clawed at her soft skin as
    he fucked her hard, he whooped his delight loudly and rammed harder and faster
    into her as she screamed again in deep and continuing agony. With his head
    back and buttocks pumping to ram into her he ripped at her back in a sexually
    fed frenzy of rising orgasm. The messenger let out a low growl and stiffened
    his body and then emptied himself into the wailing woman's womb. 
***With two down and six to go the messenger took several hours break.
    The remaining rebels could wait and wonder what their fate would be; he sniggered
    sardonically at that thought. Their suffering would be all the more acute
    for the long and fearful wait that he was subjecting them to and that pleased
    him - very much. 
He feasted and drank in plenty as three young naked sluts first danced
    before the dining table and then engaged in various lesbian acts under his
    direction. He issued the instructions between gulping at his mugs of mead
    and delighting in the way the naked little whores did his bidding. The young
    and terrified girls went against all their natural instincts, revolted and
    obviously disgusted at the things they were made to do but that simply added
    to the excitement for him and he varied the acts accordingly. As an added
    entertainment the messenger had the girls kneel on all fours in turn to be
    caned viscously by one of the other girls. He was pleasantly surprised by
    the cruelty displayed by these young initiates and considered fucking all
    three of the little sluts. He had however, to save himself for the remaining
    rebel women in the basement, for to punish them and not to coat or fill them
    with his come would be unthinkable. He contented himself instead by having
    one of the girls in turn to lie on the table in front of him and fingered
    the little bitch's cunt whilst the caning was carried out on the third. He
    defiled their arses too, using his knife handle and that of the fork to probe
    up inside their warm interiors as they grunted in pained discomfort. The
    little blonde girl's pussy though was so sweet and inviting that he helped
    himself to a long and slow licking of the little slut's sex. He particularly
    liked the way her little body reached when he bit hard on her clitoris and
    was amazed at the power of her internal muscles as they gripped around his
    two fingers up inside her pussy. 
All three girls were soundly flogged and he enjoyed himself immensely
    feeling their warm and wet orifices in the process. It hardened his cock
    nicely for the coming sessions in the basement and this little prelude simply
    heightened the wonderful feelings of anticipation for him. 
His stomach now full and his thirst quenched the messenger stood and
    stretched, his rest was over and work still had to be done - in the dungeon
    below. 
***The bitch struggled and fought like a tigress, bucking her body and
    pulling against him as her turn came and she was cut down from the tension
    of the nipple threads. Despite her wrists still bound behind her she wriggled
    bucked and tugged to pull free of his grasp. Her cramped and aching toes
    and feet made it difficult but she still tried to kick out at the messenger.
    It was a sad error on her part. A swift and powerful punch to her solar plexus
    stunned her and dropped her to her knees; all fight gone from her now. She
    knelt there on the stone floor silent and compliant as he bound her ankles
    together. 
The messenger was livid at her attempted attack on him, his anger
    clearly showed in his expression and yet his cock pulsed harder in response
    to her resistance. He grabbed her hair and dragged on her knees over to the
    thick wooden stake and pressed the front of her body hard against it. Thick
    ropes were wound around her waist and back to crush her front onto the rough
    wooden surface. 
She knelt there, bound and helpless sobbing her little heart out as
    he eased her breasts to the sides and around the thick post. Her eyes were
    shut tightly and she didn't see the actions he was performing until the first
    wave of pain tore through her body. She wailed a high-pitched screech of
    deep pain as the messenger hammered the nail through her right nipple to
    pin her body to the wooden stake. She screamed frantically as on the other
    side of the stake her other nipple received the same treatment and she was
    pierced through her tender buds to the wooden upright. 
&quot;Kick me now, you little whore,&quot; he shouted, spittle spraying
    from his mouth as he vented his wild anger on her. 
He began whipping her, with a savagery before unknown. He lashed hard
    and meaningfully with the wide leather strap to sting her entire back in
    a ferocious onslaught of pure sadism. 
The girl couldn't move an inch, the burning agony in her nipples was
    bad enough but the wicked lashing she was receiving was equally excruciating.
    She sobbed and wailed against the post as she received the rewards of both
    being a rebel and for daring to strike out at the messenger. 
He halted, his chest heaving and he gasped in air. His exertions and
    the high excitement had combined to bring him to an all time high of sexual
    arousal. His great hand gripped her hair and yanked her head roughly around
    to face him. He pressed the head of his cock up under her nose and shot his
    come forcefully out of his hard cock. Spurt after spurt of his thick seed
    filled her airways to cause the slut to gag and choke, the thick globules
    running down into the back of her throat to add to her breathing difficulties.
    As he finished he began to laugh, mocking the sobbing woman that now looked
    a pathetic snivelling wreck. 
&quot;Well, witch?&quot; he gloated, &quot;Will you try to incite
    another rebellion?&quot; 
&quot;No, sire!&quot; she blurted out quickly. 
He leaned down close to her messed face and chuckled a low and menacing
    laugh. 
&quot;I didn't think you would you worthless slut. When I remove the
    nails from your nipples and release you, I expect to see a most obedient
    servant in you. Will that be so, slut?&quot; 
&quot;Yeeeees&quot; she wailed between heavy sobs. 
He straightened and stroked at his softening cock. 
&quot;Very well, slut, we will see. I will release you - but not until
    morning.&quot; 
He laughed loudly, his deep booming laugh though drowned out by her
    pained screaming. 
***The Messenger strode quickly across the wide compound area, his arms
    outstretched to the sides and his hands gripping the hair of the two little
    slut rebels. One in each hand, his fingers bunched into tight fists to grip
    their hair and to pull cruelly at their scalp. He dragged the young girls,
    pulling them along faster than they could stumble in their efforts to keep
    up and to ease agonising pull on their hair. He shook their heads and swung
    them side to side as he walked briskly toward the garrison building. 
Up the steps of the veranda he dragged the wailing girls and paused
    before the big wooden door. In one great kick of his booted foot he slammed
    the door open to crash back nosily against the wall. The messenger walked
    in and shoved the wailing sluts forward to sprawl on the floor in the centre
    of the garrison mess room. 
&quot;I tire of these pathetic little whores,&quot; he announced and
    kicked at the buttocks of one of the girls as they lay cowering on the bare
    floorboards. &quot;Use them for your entertainment tonight. 
&quot;The girls screamed as one as all thirty guards rushed to be
    first, tearing frantically at their trousers to free their stiffening cocks. 
***&quot;Three more rebel sluts to deal with and then I think my mission
    here is almost completed.&quot; 
The governor sighed heavily in relief at the news and some of the
    colour came back to his cheeks. He sat back in his chair trying to contain
    a smile and thanked God that the evildoer would soon be gone from his commune.
    Life since the man had arrived had been hell itself the governor felt. The
    man's bad influence had spread throughout the community, why, even his wife
    had become sexually withdrawn and his daughter most demanding in her ways.
    The sooner this man was gone the happier all would be and some sort of normality
    could return to their otherwise peaceful lives. 
&quot;How long will it take to deal with the...women?&quot; 
&quot;The sluts,&quot; the messenger corrected firmly and stated with
    equal authority, &quot;all women are sluts.&quot; 
The governor didn't reply to that, he didn't want to mar the excellent
    news of the morning. He instead changed track and tried approaching another
    and more delicate subject. 
&quot;Your strict punishments have reduced the number of women available
    for work, the production quotas set cannot possibly be achieved.&quot; 
The messenger shrugged in disinterest and lit his clay pipe. 
&quot;So? The remaining sluts will have to work harder to make up
    for it.&quot; 
The governor leaned forward, his hands extended across the desk. 
&quot;But that isn't possible! They are close to exhaustion now.&quot; 
The messenger stood and paced the room, his irritation at the continuing
    whinging of the governor all too clear in his manner and expression. He halted,
    his expression set and his eyes blazing a silent challenge. 
&quot;The sluts work harder and the quotas set will be met - or you
    will be replaced.&quot; 
The governor's face paled and he fell silent. There would be only
    one penalty for dismissal and that he really did not wish to consider. He
    simply nodded and added his agreement solemnly. 
&quot;The quotas will be met.&quot; 
The messenger turned on his heel and walked to the window. 
&quot;I thought you might see things my way,&quot; he mused sarcastically. &quot;Now,
    what sport can we have this afternoon I wonder?&quot; 
***In the dungeon, two of the three remaining rebel sluts were bound
    together; standing naked they faced each other. Thick ropes pulled their
    bodies and legs in tightly to crush their breasts, nipple against nipple
    and pussy against pussy. The girl's arms were looped around the others body
    and tied at the wrists behind her partners back. Their lips almost touched
    so close were their faces and the both panted in fearful anticipation of
    their punishment to come. 
The leather strap that the messenger held in his hand was only about
    two feet in length and about three inches wide. The hundreds of sewing pins
    pushed through it though made it a most fearful instrument for its intended
    use. The hundreds of tiny sharpened points protruded out of the leather to
    a length of about one inch and each glinted wickedly in the flickering light
    of the blazing torches. 
He moved around them slowly, lashing in hard with the leather strap
    to puncture the soft skin of their buttocks and backs in a hundred places
    at one blow. On their hips and waists on their lower backs and on the rounds
    of their backsides he thrashed them soundly. The messenger was taken by the
    pretty pattern of blood spots that appeared on their skin after each lash
    and he found himself aiming to blows to vary the reddened design as much
    as was possible. Their pained wailing was the real charge for him through
    and he began a rotating system of first lashing at one of the girls, pushing
    his cock up into her pussy, withdrawing and then moving around to the other
    girl. It gave him perverse pleasure to slip his wet cock up into them in
    turn after it had been up the other's pussy to mix their body juices so brutally. 
Around and around he moved, lashing the naked bodies and then forcing
    his cock up them only to pull out and move around again. The warm feel of
    their pained bodies against him was a delight and their deep sobs shook their
    bodies nicely to add to the satisfying sensation for him. The messenger started
    to come up inside one of the young sluts and quickly moved around to the
    other, his cock jerking his sperm to push up inside the girl and to finish
    his orgasm in a different pussy. It was immensely satisfying to him to achieve
    that and he moaned contentedly as his cock softened inside her. He leaned
    forward and kissed her back, his tongue lapping at the spots of blood as
    the last of his come oozed out into her warm interior. 
***The last slut, the final rebel girl was to be made a lasting example
    of, an example that would remain firmly in the minds of all in the commune.
    She was pinned in the stocks in the middle of the compound, bent forward
    at the waist with her arse and pussy exposed. Behind her and in an orderly
    line was the whole of the male population of the commune, husbands, fianc&eacute;es
    and guards, in all they numbered close to one hundred. 
The messenger handed the thin cane to the first man and issued his
    instructions. 
&quot;One hard stroke of the cane on her and then fuck her. When you
    have finished, pass the cane to the next man and he will repeat your actions
    and so on down the line.&quot; 
The naked man stepped forward, hesitantly raised the cane and then
    struck; he moved in quickly to push his cock up inside the offered pussy
    and began pumping hard into her. 
The messenger chuckled and called to a guard. 
&quot;Bring his wife to the front so that she may watch her man in
    pleasure.&quot; 
He laughed aloud as the man grunted and came inside the girl to pull
    out and to slink away shame faced and fearing the wrath of his wife. 
The pattern then was set, each wife or fianc&eacute; was brought close
    to the scene to watch her man take his turn at caning and then fucking the
    bent over woman. Most sobbed and tried to look away but the hovering guards
    ensured that they watched every second of the spectacle. 
By the time number thirty-two was rutting up into the woman the messenger
    tired of the scene. He called the governor to him and they walked together
    back across the square, the woman's frantic wailing becoming more distant
    as they went. 
As they entered the governor's office, the messenger stood back to
    allow his companion to go before him. As he stepped in to the quarters the
    governor was seized by the guards, his arms grasped tightly and pinned securely
    to his sides to prevent any struggle should he choose to offer one. 
The messenger pushed past and strode to the centre of the room, he
    turned to face the man, a broad and wicked smile creasing his face. 
&quot;You are replaced, &quot; he announced gleefully, &quot;by my
    loyal and senior guard. This commune needs a firm hand to control the women
    and the production and that is not to be found in you.&quot; 
The messenger moved close, his face close to the governor's and he
    spoke with a voice filled with hateful venom. 
&quot;You will serve a term of three years in the commune as one of
    the women and should the guards or any other of the men here choose to use
    you...&quot; 
The messenger's head threw back and he laughed aloud. He turned, walked
    to the table and pulled his breeches down around his ankles. He casually
    pulled up a chair and sat, easing his thighs apart and shifting his hips
    forward on the seat. 
&quot;Enjoy your stay - ex-governor,&quot; he taunted, &quot;and to
    send you on your way in style...&quot; 
The connecting door from the side room opened on cue and the governor
    shouted his pitiful protests loudly as both his wife and daughter entered
    - totally naked. Dutifully the wife climbed up onto the table and laid back
    with her knees drawn up and her thighs parted. Her hairy open pussy on full
    display to all and offer ready for those that should choose to use it and
    her. The daughter knelt before the messenger's chair and grasped his rigid
    cock tenderly in her tiny hand. The young girl slipped her mouth over the
    end of his cock and began a noisy sucking as her father screamed his disgust
    and revulsion. 
&quot;I told you all women were sluts,&quot; the messenger said brightly
    and then dipped his head to push his tongue deep up inside the wife's pussy. 
He slurped noisily at her sex, muttering his delight at both the taste
    and the wonderful warm young mouth working on his cock. He wriggled his tongue
    inside her as the wife bucked and writhed, her wailing not of pain but of
    deep sexual pleasure. 
The girl slipped her other hand between his thighs and under his balls
    and weighed them in the little palm, her long fingernails teasing close to
    the entrance of his anus. She extended her middle finger to scratch lightly
    at the ring of his anus and then began pushing the finger up inside him. 
He came almost instantly, his hand gripping the daughter's hair and
    pulling her mouth further down onto his cock as he shot his load into the
    back of her throat. Thick globules of his come spilled out from between her
    lips and his cock to run down her chin and to drip onto her naked breasts.
    As he pulled out of her mouth the girl ran her tongue out and around her
    lips to lap at every last drop of his seed. 
The messenger rested back smiling in triumph as the governor wept
    openly in shame and humiliation at his wife and daughter's actions. 
&quot;Take the snivelling wretch away,&quot; he ordered the guards
    and resumed his tasting of the wife's wet pussy. 
***The messenger sat on his horse where he had arrived, up on the rise
    and looking down and back at the commune. His favourite little blonde girl,
    the sweet, tiny creature that had warmed his bed and cock through each night
    of his stay stood behind the horse. She wore a simple cotton shift to cover
    her otherwise naked body and her wrists were bound with rope, the long trailing
    end of the rope tied to the horn of the saddle. She would provide his entertainment
    during the coming night in the open and would surely suffer much in the course
    of her duties. She would provide a pussy and body to be available to the
    messenger whenever he felt the need to fuck and whip her. 
&quot;Another message safely delivered,&quot; he mused aloud and laughed. &quot;Only
    forty miles to the next commune in Taunton  town,
    I should be there by tomorrow at the latest.&quot; 
The messenger sighed wistfully and posed the question to himself. 
&quot;I wonder if there are witches at work there also?&quot; 
He spurred his horse to a trot and laughed even more loudly as he
    steered in the direction of Taunton . 
THE END 
For the full catalogue of titles available by Jay Merson
    please visit either: 
http://jaymerson.a1adultebooks.com 
or 
http://www.a1adultebooks.com/site.php 
&nbsp; 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jay Merson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





