BDSM Library - Breaking Katchen




Breaking Katchen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl cheats on boy, so boy locks girl in a shed and fucks her silly.I've done some pretty nasty things today, diary. The situation had gotten completely
  out of hand, and one thing had led to another... I'm a reasonable man, usually,
  but there's only so much I can take before I snap. Today, I think, has been
  proof enough of that. I don't know why I'm writing this down; if I'm caught,
  this is journal's going to be my passport to prison. I have to collect my thoughts
  somehow, though. You can't write legibly if you're insane, can you? 
I could plead temporary insanity, of course, but there was too much time to
  think. A lot of Katchen's suffering was pre-meditated, and I'm no idiot. That
  kind of planning just won't wash in court. But I don't intend on going there
  any time soon. She broke my heart, that girl. I'm not giving her up until I've
  broken a few things back. 
What do you do when you find out your girl's fucking another man behind your
  back? There's not really any protocol for it. No real solid course of action.
  Maybe you should argue, let her deny it, let her insult your intelligence with
  more lies? Or maybe you should get a big fucking hammer, like I did, and cave
  the sonofabitch's head in while they're doing it in your bed, while you're
  supposed to be out working for a living, and then drag the screaming bitch
  down the stairs and out to the shed, so you can lock her up and let her sweat
  for a while. 
We live in a rural area. And by rural, I mean we live in the sticks. We're
  really out of the way. It's miles to a local shop, and even further to the
  town. Katchen had insisted upon it years ago, when we decided to get a place
  of our own. She's a girl that likes the fresh air and the rolling hills. It's
  a real pity she's going to spend the rest of her short, miserable life locked
  in a dark little shed, isn't it? Well, it was her decision two-fold. Her idea
  to live where nobody could hear her scream, and her choice to give me cause
  to hurt her. 
I'd been given the morning off work. That's how I found out. Isn't it always
  how men inadvertantly find these things out? I felt like I was in a fucking
  soap opera. 
Well, I let her scream obscenities and howl away for a while. I had a body
  to dispose of: the dead nigger in my bedroom. I walked back into the house
  and scaled the stairs, suddenly terrified. What if I hadn't killed him? I realised
  with an almost paralysing dread that I hadn't even checked. I'd just struck
  him once and moved onto Katchen. I stalked up the last few stairs and crept
  along the corridor. I stood there for a few moments, my heart pounding, my
  ears listening painfully for any sound that might indicate movement; the way
  you behave when you wake up late at night convinced that you've heard a noise
  downstairs, and that a burglar might be in the house. 
I peered into the room cautiously, half-expecting the nigger to grab me and
  for us to wrestle. But his body was still there on the bed, as lifeless as
  I'd left it. The back of his head glistened darkly with blood, and our white
  sheets were pretty much ruined. I'm no expert, but I figured Persil's new and
  improved formula wasn't going to cut it. Those sheets were going to have to
  be burned. But first things first. 
I dragged the nigger out of the house and disposed of him in the best way
  I saw fit. I'm not going to write it down here, because it'll only exacerbate
  things if I'm caught. Besides, he doesn't deserve to be found. And I intend
  to desecrate his make-shift grave every time nature calls. 
I went back to visit Katchen. She'd stopped screaming by this point, I guess
  she'd exhausted herself with her struggles. When I opened the door, she'd stared
  at me with wide, brown eyes, panic-stricken and very much afraid. Her face
  was soaked with tears and she tried to wriggle away from me, but there wasn't
  really anywhere for her to go. Still, almost adorably, she pushed herself up
  against one wall and kicked her feet, as if trying to pass through it. I'd
  bound her wrists and ankles with some fencing wire that I'd used to help repair
  one of the farmer's fences when a few of his cattle managed to break through
  it last year. I'm a nice guy, after all. I still had some left over. Why not
  put it to good use? 
&quot;What's the matter, bitch?&quot; I taunted her. &quot;Are you just upset
  because you aren't gonna get anymore nigger dick, or are you scared because
  I just might bludgeon the shit out of you as well?&quot; 
I didn't know that such a coarse and vile side to me had existed, but when
  I looked at Katchen now, I felt as though all moral barriers just fell away.
  She'd hurt me so much, there aren't words to even describe it. She was my world,
  that girl; my reason for living and breathing and I'd have given her everything.
  I had wanted to grow old with her. And then, one morning, I find she's been
  fucking some asshole behind my back and it destroyed me. And what was left
  behind? Well, it's who's writing now. The monster who's going to tell you all
  about how he got his revenge. 
Chapter Two 
&quot;What's the matter honey, lost for words?&quot; I still had the hammer
  in my hands. Its flat, stubby head was smeared with his blood. I took a step
  towards her. She yelped, and kicked out again, pushing her back up against
  the wall even harder. I grinned. &quot;Missing him already, are you? Don't
  be upset, pumpkin. There's some of him in this very room with us.&quot; 
Her bleary eyes focused on the hammer. Her rapid breathing turned into hyperventhilation,
  and I laughed. &quot;Why don't you give him a kiss?&quot; 
I knelt down in front of her and pushed the hammer's head against her lips,
  trying to force it into her mouth. She squealed and tried to turn her head
  away, so I grabbed a fist full of her hair and held her steady. 
&quot;Go on, bitch. Kiss your lover goodbye,&quot; I said, and rammed the
  hammer into her mouth. She screamed into the metal and thrashed on the floor,
  but it was no use. The nigger's blood was smeared all around her mouth and
  on her lips, and no doubt she was tasting his cold, dead blood in her mouth
  right now. Fresh tears welled in her eyes and slid down her cheeks. 
&quot;Fuck you, whore!&quot; I shouted, yanking the hammer back. I threw it
  away and it clattered on the ground behind me. &quot;You don't get to feel
  sorry for yourself! You did this, Katchen, do you understand me?! You brought
  all of this on yourself!&quot; 
I stopped and listened to her sobbing for a few moments. She wrecks my life
  and what? She cries over the dead nigger? There was no way I was letting her
  get away with that. 
&quot;So, what? Feeling unfulfilled, were we? I wasn't good enough for you?
  Or maybe you're just a cock-hungry slut, is that it? Couldn't get enough of
  that big, black dick, huh?&quot; 
&quot;Please,&quot; Katchen tried to speak, so I hit her in the face. 
&quot;You don't ever get to speak to me again without permission, whore. You're
  so far beneath me that I find it insulting. No; if you want to talk, you'll
  ask for my approval first. Got it?&quot; 
She just groaned. 
&quot;Fucking pig,&quot; I spat. &quot;If you like dick so much, all you had
  to do was say!&quot; 
I rose to my feet and started to unzip my pants. The stupid bitch was getting
  what she deserved, I reasoned. She wanted to fuck? Well, she'd get to fuck.
  It was all I planned to let her do with her life now. Poetic justice, really.
  First, though, a little foreplay. Girls love foreplay; Katchen especially liked
  it when I'd kiss her neck. I knelt in close, my lips brushing against her clavicle.
  She jerked, trying to pull away again, so I just wrapped my fingers in her
  hair and yanked, keeping her steady. I kissed her neck, tenderly at first,
  and then bit her hard. She screamed. 
I stood up, laughing, and pulled my dick out. 
&quot;Suck me,&quot; I demanded. &quot;Or I'll take the hammer over there
  and put you out of your misery too. Maybe you and the nigger can hook up in
  hell.&quot; 
Her ample chest heaving, Katchen reluctantly took my dick in her mouth. I
  spat in her face. &quot;Suck, stupid! Don't just sit there holding it, like
  some fucking retard.&quot; 
Katchen started suckling on my cock, swirling her soft, wet tongue around
  the head, starting to pump her face back and forth as my tool grew in her mouth. 
&quot;Look at me, slut,&quot; I told her, and she did. She stared up at me
  with big, brown doe-eyes and sucked my dick. My saliva drooled down her left
  cheek where I'd spat on her. She looked fucking pathetic; so degraded. I loved
  it. It was time to get a little bit rougher, though. I twisted my hand in her
  hair and took firm grip of her head, and started forcing my dick down her throat.
  She gagged and choked instantly, but that didn't stop me. I fucked her face,
  ramming my dick down her throat, listening to the meaty thwack of my balls
  slapping on her chin and the wet gurgles she gagged out, uselessly trying to
  breathe with my fat prick lodged in her windpipe. 
&quot;Cocksucker,&quot; I told her. &quot;Yeah, suck my dick, you worthless
  slut. This is all you're good for now; sucking cock. I'm gonna keep you here
  in this shed, cocksucker. Fuck your face whenever I feel like.&quot; 
After a while, after what must've seemed like an eternity for poor, degraded
  Katchen, my dick twitched in her throat and I filled her tummy with hot, thick
  gouts of spunk. She coughed and spluttered, but swallowed it all. 
&quot;Good little cocksucker,&quot; I told her. 
&quot;Please,&quot; she croaked, her throat raw from the brutal fucking I'd
  just given it. &quot;Let me say something?&quot; 
&quot;No, slut.&quot; I said. &quot;I don't give a shit what you have to say
  right now.&quot; 
Katchen never would let me fuck her in the ass. She was a feisty girl in the
  sack, but that was the one place I couldn't put it. She was so terrified that
  it'd hurt. So what better a thing to do next, than to hurt and terrify her? 
&quot;Get onto your knees, cocksucker. Crawl towards me a bit,&quot; I said,
  watching as Katchen fearfully obeyed, crawling towards me. I cut a length of
  fencing wire and looped it round her neck, and fastened her to a shelf above
  her head. She was tethered like a dog. God it was hot. There she was: naked,
  on her knees in a damp, grotty shed, having just sucked my dick until it had
  exploded down her throat, looking completely helpless and vulnerable. I walked
  behind her. Her ass had always been her best feature. That perfect, heart-shaped
  ass had always been off-limits, but now I owned her. With one, muddy boot,
  I kicked her in the small of the back, sending her sprawling forwards to the
  ground. Her leash pulled taut around her neck. 
I pushed my dick against her asshole, slowly forcing it in. She started screaming
  immediately, begging me to stop, pleading for me to take it out. I slapped
  my hand on her meaty ass hard; hard enough to leave a blotchy red hand print
  on her gorgeous white skin. 
&quot;Shut the fuck up, slut,&quot; I said. &quot;You know this is what you
  want. A nice, big dick in your ass. Don't tell me it's not true, a whore like
  you. All you think about is dicks filling you up. Tell me it's true. Go on,
  whore.&quot; 
Katchen just cried, her little hands forming balls as I buried my dick balls-deep
  in her ass. God, she was so tight. And her ass was spasming so deliciously,
  squeezing my dick. I slapped her ass again, hard. 
&quot;I gave you an order, bitch!&quot; 
&quot;Ahh!&quot; Katchen mewled. &quot;Please... all I think about... is dicks
  filling me up.&quot; 
&quot;Use your own words, you dumb slut. Don't just copy me.&quot; 
&quot;Ngh, it hurts!&quot; 
&quot;It'll hurt so much more if you don't start fucking doing as I tell you,&quot; I
  warned, smacking her ass again. I loved the way her flesh jiggled when I struck
  it. I pulled out of her ass completely, only to impale it again in one quick
  thrust. Katchen wailed. 
&quot;I... love cocks in me,&quot; she said, forcing confession. &quot;Please
  fuck me... I need to fuck...&quot; 
&quot;That's the best you can do? You aren't even trying. I bet you whispered
  all sorts of nasty things to that nigger.&quot; I was really fucking her now,
  ramming in and out of her, leaning down on her slender form, crushing her body
  with my own. I reached under to maul one of her tits with my hand, squeezing
  it and pinching her nipple. She used to like it when I gently squeezed her
  nipples, but now I was tugging on them as though I planned to pull them off,
  and she was screeaming the shed down. 
&quot;AAAaghh!&quot; She howled, begging me to stop, pleading and whining
  until she was just mumbling desperate jibberish. I kept fucking her ass, hard,
  unrelenting until I came, shooting my load into her bowels and collapsing on
  top of her. We lay like that for a little while; Katchen sobbing quietly underneath
  me. 
After a bit, I got up. I wiped my dick on a handful of her hair and left the
  shed. 
&quot;Sweet dreams, you dumb bitch,&quot; I called back after her. &quot;I'll
  see you in the morning!&quot; 
Oh, the plans I have in store for that slut! This world was new to me, but
  I was always an inventive fellow. Okay, feasibly, I knew this couldn't last.
  If Katchen's family didn't raise an alarm soon, the nigger's would. I'm pretty
  fucked, realistically speaking. 
But hey, so's Katchen. And in the meantime, I'm going to make sure she's fucked
  a lot. 
Might as well have some fun with my freedom while I still can, right? 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eden's Girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





