BDSM Library - Enslaved in Shinjuku




Enslaved in Shinjuku
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story of a man forced to become a plaything for his cruel japanese captors.I had run up a huge debt gambling in Japan and my Boss called me into his office
  in Shinjuku. 
I was sure he would fire me but instead he said he knew a way I could repay
  my debts. 
I was relieved but nervous however I agreed to do what he told me as it seemed
  harmless enough. 
He knew I often went to a bar in Shinjuku Ni Chome dressed in my leathers
  and had occasionally been tied up by clients in the bar. He then gave me written
  instructions and a place and time. 
I followed his instructions and on arriving at the bar stripped to my leather
  chaps and a thong and placed my bag on the bar. 
The barman was obviously expecting me and smiled as he emptied the bag onto
  the bar in full view of the two other patrons. There were a set of handcuffs,
  lots of course hemp rope, a large butt plug, lubricant, some vicious looking
  nipple clamps, chains and weights, plus a blindfold and a note from my boss
  written in Japanese which I could not read. 
I continued to follow the instructions I had been given while the barman read
  the note and shared a joke with his colleagues in Japanese. 
I put on a leather collar clipped to which was the key to the handcuffs. I
  then blindfolded my eyes and clicked shut one of the steel cuffs on my wrist.
  I then reached behind my back found the other cuff and before I could back
  out of the deal I clicked it shut trapping both wrists behind my back. 
I was now helpless with my wrists manacled behind my back and the only key
  that could release me dangling from the front of my collar. I sat still on
  the bar stool beginning to regret so willingly putting myself in this situation.
  I was semi naked and vulnerable. I felt hands brush my naked butt and sensed
  a man standing behind me. Suddenly he reached round and savagely squeezed my
  nipples and as I gasped and half turned he kissed me savagely. 
Then I was left alone and if I said drink, a bear was held to my lips. I began
  to relax this was certainly a humiliating punishment but it wasn ' t that bad
  and I would come out debt free. 
Suddenly the bar went quiet as a large group of men entered. My collar was
  grabbed and I was forced off my stool and made to stand. Many hands ran over
  my body undid my chaps and stripped of my thong leaving me now completely naked. 
I felt the key being unclipped from my collar and was relieved as the cuffs
  were opened freeing my wrists. 
My freedom however was short lived as I was forced across the bar and two
  men set to work roping my arms wrists and chest, within minutes I was tightly
  bound with the course hemp rope and unable to move a muscle. 
The tight ropes thrust my hardened nipples out as I was dragged back a step
  and stood up straight, booted feet kicked my ankles apart. I now truly felt
  like a slave standing naked with my feet spread wide and every part of my body
  on display. Hands fondled my balls and invaded my arse, while others pinched
  and tortured my nipples. 
Suddenly my blindfold was removed and I was looking into the face 
Of an older Japanese man. His eyes were piercing as he looked straight through
  me and gently massaged my nipples. I struggled in my ropes as I looked around
  the bar which seemed to be full of his friends who looked to be delighted with
  my predicament and looking forward to the entertainment. 
My new Master brought my nipples to hardness and then tightly clamped each
  in turn with small metal clamps from which a small bell hung making me gasp
  and shake in a futile attempt to dislodge them which only caused them to bite
  harder and tinkle. He smiled and drew me toward him crushing my clamped nipples
  against his chest as his hands roved over my naked butt, down my legs and then
  up probing my arse crack and pulling my cheeks apart with strong fingers. 
I felt the tip of a lubed butt plug pushing against my anus and then steadily
  forcing its way deep inside me until my own sphincter muscles drew it in tight.
  This was being done by one of his friends as my Master stood before me holding
  me at arms length, smiling cruelly and flicking my nipple clamps sending wave
  of fire through my chest. 
Again I struggled in my bonds but he just laughed and slapped my face. Then
  he kissed me and I responded while his friend adjusted the butt plug now stretching
  my arse. I had never felt more vulnerable but the game was just beginning.
  Three of his friends forced my bound torso backwards over a bar stool placed
  in the small of my back just above my naked buttocks. I was forced back until
  I was horizontal on my back and held up by three bar stools, one under my buttocks,
  one mid back between my roped elbows and one under my head. 
Some of them held my shoulders down while others lifted and spread my legs,
  tying my ankles to two more stools which they spread wide and then sat on to
  secure them in place. 
I burned with embarrassment at the way any of the men in the bar could now
  view my naked stretched and bound body, I was truly a slave with my arse also
  stretched and plugged waiting for my Master to determine my fate. 
My Master kissed me gently on the lips and then trailed his fingers along
  my helpless body to my bound ankles before moving between my legs and moving
  right up until his cock was brushing against my balls and butt plug. I strained
  in my ropes as I looked around desperately for some one to save me from being
  fucked like a common pleasure slave for the amusement of my Masters friends. 
He removed the butt plug and rammed his condom covered cock deeply into me
  and began to rhythmically fuck me. I tried to relax realising I could do nothing
  but endure this public humiliation when a large fat man forced my face to the
  side and then shoved his large condom covered cock into my mouth. While he
  fucked my face he kept the bells jingling by pulling on the chain linking my
  nipples. 
They both seemed to come at the same time and were quickly replaced by others
  until they were all satisfied and returned to their drinks. 
My Master kissed me, played with my nipples and then ordered one of his friends
  to suck me to hardness, after five minutes I was panting struggling and ready
  to come when my Master took from the barman a shot glass, as I came he collected
  most of my spunk in the glass to which he then added whiskey. 
He ordered that my ankles be untied and I was stood up and forced to bend
  over the bar while the butt plug was reapplied and then taken to the centre
  of the room and forced to my knees. My arms and wrists were still securely
  bound and my head was held back by some one behind me, my mouth was forced
  open and my Master poured the come and whiskey down my throat while his friends
  clapped in time 
This appeared to signal the end of the entertainment but rather than being
  released as I had hoped, I was thrust to the floor on my belly, my ankles were
  swiftly crossed and roped and drawn up to my bound wrists leaving me once again
  naked and helpless, this time hog tied on the floor. 
From there on my Master and most of his friends ignored me all except the
  fat man who had forced me to suck him earlier when I was spread-eagled over
  the bar stools. 
He had a cruel streak and watched me like a spider with a fly helpless before
  it. Each time he passed me on his way to the toilet he would unclamp my nipples
  causing the blood to flow and send waves of pain through my chest which just
  subsided in time for his return when he would reapply them and then check and
  tighten my wrist and ankle ropes to show me there was no way I could escape. 
He would then lift me at my knees rocking me forward onto the nipple clamps
  which bit harder as they were crushed between me and the floor. He would fondle
  my cock and balls and remove and then force back into place the butt plug.
  He enjoyed having the use of a naked white slave which he could humiliate and
  torture at will. 
After what seemed an age of this intermittent torture. My Master rose with
  his friends, he seemed to have lost interest in me and I hoped he would now
  release me so I could escape the attentions of the fat man. My heart rose as
  he ordered his men to free my ankles, I was stood up and walked to the bar
  forced to bend half over it while a collar and chain was put around my neck
  and fastened to the other side of the bar. This was more comfortable than the
  hog tie but my wrists and arms were still securely bound and I was still naked
  and unable to move to defend myself. 
The master then removed the but plug and left with his friends all except
  for the fat man and his friend who eyed me and smiled from the other end of
  the bar. 
Within minutes they had moved down to stand either side of me with their drinks
  while they spoke in Japanese to the barman after which his end of my chain
  was released and they took me to a corner where without untying me they put
  my chaps back on me and my small black loin cloth which just covered my cock
  and balls but left my arse completely naked. My sleeveless leather vest was
  then put on over my bound chest and left undone so any one could see I was
  securely roped. 
I was then led out of the bar by these two men one in front tugging on the
  chain and one behind whipping my bare arse. They led me through the back streets
  in this manner for several blocks, revelling in the attention I and they received
  from drunken Japanese men who fondled my cock and balls and invaded my arse
  with their fingers, twice I was hauled into an alleyway and forced to suck
  a complete stranger. Finally we arrived at a sex shop in Ni Chome, they dragged
  me down the stairs and presented me to the proprietor, my arse by this time
  was pink with welts and the customers clapped and laughed at what ever explanation
  my captors gave them. I was then used as a model and many of the shops assortment
  of plugs clamps and whips were used on me by the proprietor and customers who
  came and went. 
A saw horse padded on the top was then produced and I was flung along it on
  my chest and belly and tied down securely. My ankles were well spread and tied
  to the legs leaving me horizontal to the floor with both my mouth and arse
  at comfortable cock height. 
While the customers looked on, the proprietor forced me to lick his flaccid
  condom covered cock to hardness before calling a customer to take his place
  at my head while he went to the other end and fucked me mercilessly. When he
  had finished my two captors each took their turn again before releasing me
  from the horse and leading me back into the street. 
It was 2am and still warm on the street. My arms and wrists were still well
  roped and the little bells on the vicious nipple clamps tinkled as the two
  led me to a park which is a well known pick up point in Ni Chome. 
In a darkish corner but near a side road they removed my leather vest and
  chaps and began finally to undo my ropes, as the ropes peeled off and the circulation
  returned. I rubbed my arms and revelled in the thought that my ordeal was finally
  over. 
I should have known better, the fat man grabbed me from behind and forced
  my arms out in front of me while his friend deftly roped my wrists together
  again palm to palm and then cinched them tightly handcuff style. He the tied
  a longer rope to my secured wrists and threw it over the branch of a tree 
As soon as I realised what they planned to do, I drew back and struggled but
  in vain as they both hauled on the free end of the rope lifting me completely
  off the ground and securing the rope to another branch leaving me suspended
  by my wrists with my toes just touching the cool grass. 
The fat man now stood before me again smiling at my predicament. I aimed a
  kick at his balls but he just stepped aside and then caught my ankle and swiftly
  tied it to the trunk he then tied the other ankle out to another trunk and
  squeezed my now openly presented balls just hard enough to ensure I understood
  the vulnerability of my position. 
I watched them gather my chaps and vest into a bag and pull out a whip, a
  cock gag and a large butt plug and some other gear they bought at the sex shop.
  They then gagged me and inserted the lubricated plug up my arse. 
The fat one then came around to the front of me and showed me a leather parachute
  arrangement which he proceeded to clip tightly around the top of my ball sack,
  hanging beneath the parachute was a ring to clip weights which he began to
  do one by one grinning at me as their combined weight pulled on the sack and
  forced my balls together as they stretched downwards 
The sweat ran down my arms as the twin pains of the nipple clamps and my balls
  aching as the weights swung gently to and fro left me gurgling in to my gag
  as the two of them set about taking turns to whip me until my body was covered
  in pink welts. The fat man then hung the whip from my tortured balls before
  picking up the bag of my belongings and strolling off into the darkness. 
I tried to cry out but could still only gurgle behind my gag and struggle
  as I saw shadows moving all around me, some of the inhabitants of the park
  moved in for their supper. 
I felt rough hands sliding up the inside of my leg and probing the butt plug,
  a warm toothless mouth fastened onto my cock and began sucking. Despite my
  suffering my hips began to jerk rhythmically as I came in an anonymous mouth. 
Hanging spread-eagled as I was it was not possible for them to rape me which
  was sure to be my fate once they had dispensed with the fore play. 
I saw one of them begin to untie the rope suspending me above them but before
  he could undo the knots a car swept around the corner and two smartly dressed
  Japanese men got out and came toward me. My attackers melted back into the
  shadows leaving me hanging before these two men who proceeded to inspect my
  body in detail and at their leisure. 
This they did with leather gloved hands which ran all over my presented body
  the tall one was younger although still around fifty and he lifted the weights
  pulling at my balls granting me instant relief and I groaned my appreciation
  only to have him study my eyes as he let them drop cruelly. 
He spoke to the shorter older man who began to untie my ankles and once that
  was done undo the other rope which dropped me to the ground where I fell in
  a heap with the dirt clinging to my sweaty body and my hands still bound before
  me I was lifted to my feet and made to stand with my legs apart and my bound
  wrists over my head resting on the back of my neck. 
The rope that had previously suspended me now ran down my back and the short
  man reached between my legs pulled hard to pull my wrists down my back and
  swiftly tied the rope off around my cock and balls above the parachute which
  swung and my balls ached each time he touched it. If I tugged at my wrists
  the rope just bit deeper into my arse crack and forced the but plug further
  up me as well as pulling on my balls and setting the parachute swinging again
  a quickly decided to stand very still. 
My mind however was racing as I hoped they would take me away and not leave
  me like this as I realised that the minute they left, the park dwellers would
  return and I would be powerless to stop them taking me deep into the park where
  I would be quickly thrown to the ground, spread-eagled and repeatedly raped
  and or tortured for the rest of the night, then securely roped, gagged and
  hidden by day only to be brought back for the next nights entertainment. 
My luck was in, a leash was attached to the parachute and a gentle tug sent
  a stab of pain thru my balls and sent me stumbling behind them to the limousine. 
I was bundled into the back and forced to sit which immediately tightened
  the rope down my back pulling my wrists further down and the but plug further
  into me and tightening mercilessly about my cock and balls. My captors sat
  each side of me and idly toyed with the bell clamps on my tits or gently pulled
  the leash attached to the weighted parachute on my balls. 
I was however somehow relieved to be sitting in a flash car with sophisticated
  if still cruel captors either side of me who clearly had plans for me which
  did not involve any form of freedom or clothing and then the tall one removed
  my gag, pulled me toward him and kissed me savagely. I returned his kiss and
  felt my nipples harden under their clamps and my cock stiffen. 
I was uncomfortably bound, naked, covered in sweat and sitting in the back
  seat of a limousine between two immaculately dressed older Japanese masters 
The car slowed and drove into a basement. Automatic doors silently opened
  and shut behind the limo which drew to a halt in the middle of a well lit parking
  area. The doors opened and I was pulled from the car and led to stairs which
  in turn led to a plush carpeted hall, obviously part of a hotel. They knocked
  on the door of a room and I was ushered in to a well lit, tiled, jailhouse
  with stainless steel manacles of every kind hanging from chains around the
  room. 
My ropes were released, clamps removed, parachute removed, butt plug removed
  and for the first time since entering that fateful Shinjuku bar I was entirely
  free of restraints and implements of torture. 
I was then ushered into the shower my arms were raised and stainless steel
  manacles clicked onto my wrists stretching my arms up toward the roof, the
  shower was turned on full and I luxuriated in the warm water cascading over
  my body as my jailer washed every part of my body including using a special
  nozzle with a phallus head that he used to pleasure and wash my insides. 
He also kissed me passionately and having placed a condom on my cock sucked
  me until I came, before putting a condom on himself lowering the chains slightly
  while still keeping me completely at his mercy he fucked me as the water cascaded
  over us both. 
A knock at the door heralded the return of my two captors and they supervised
  my jailers preparation of me for my next ordeal. 
I was made to stand in the center of the room and strong leather cuffs were
  padlocked onto my wrists, ankles, upper arms and upper thighs once padlocked
  into position you could see that the welded D rings protruding from each meant
  that any Master could secure me in any position with the utmost ease. 
Clearly my ordeal was going to continue but the commitment to safe sex gave
  you the feeling that while these people were merciless and dedicated to cruel
  and unusual sex you would emerge finally when they and they alone decided to
  release you to live another day. 
My wrists were pulled out before me and padlocked together, my arms were lifted
  and wrists placed behind my neck and fastened to a D ring sewn into a soft
  but thick black collar which in turn was buckled around my neck. 
Once again I was secured in such a way as to allow unrestricted access by
  fingers, implements or whips to every part of my body the dreaded parachute
  on my balls was attached to a leash meaning the slightest tug set the weights
  swinging 
The other D rings were left alone as they concentrated on the refinements
  of clamping strong metal clamps to my nipples complete with bells and a connecting
  chain which they threaded through another D ring at the front of my collar
  so that any movement by my wrists or arms also tended to move the collar and
  tug viciously at my tits but there was no gag or butt plug which I mistakenly
  took as a good sign. 
I was thus naked and so very vulnerable to any man within touching distance
  but nevertheless grateful to my captors who had rescued me from the park. 
I was ushered into the hall and marched back to the stairs, the jolting action
  of going down the stairs tortured my nipples and balls mercilessly as any attempt
  to slow and ease the pain resulted in lashes across my naked butt and tugs
  to my leash causing me to jerk forward as I tried to avoid the pain. 
Once again I was ushered into the Limo with my minders sitting either side,
  in contrast to my last ride I felt clean and fresh if apprehensive about my
  fate 
The Limo travelled only a short distance through crowded main streets and
  I was grateful for the tinted windows, it then turned sharply into a side street
  and parked, my captors helped me out and immediately led me a few short steps
  into a concrete sky scraper and a lift where one of them used a card to gain
  access to the top floor some 25 stories up. 
During the ride they massaged my cock back to hardness and removed the clamps
  playing my sore nipples back to hardness before re clamping them so that I
  was fully aroused when the lift doors opened and I was led out onto a roof
  top garden where a very posh party was in full swing. 
It was dark every where with subdued low garden lights that allowed you to
  see where you were going but kept peoples faces more in shadow. I could see
  everyone was male, well dressed and in the main over 50, some in dinner suits
  and others in leather, with instruments of torture dangling from their belts. 
I also noticed many wooden frames, stocks, whipping posts even stakes hammered
  in to the lawn far enough apart that a man could be spread-eagled and stretched
  face up or down according to the crowds desires. 
I noticed that no one else was stripped and manacled like I was and from the
  hungry looks and fondling fingers touching my body it was clear I was to be
  the nights entertainment. 
I was quickly hustled by a small crowd to the wooden frame, my wrists were
  freed and nipple clamps removed as willing hands hoisted me into the air and
  clipped my wrist cuffs to the chains hanging from the top corners of the frame.
  They the then unceremoniously dropped me leaving me hanging suspended by my
  wrists although many hands still lingered as the explored my displayed body.
  I kicked and struggled but my position was hopeless and I knew it. 
I looked out over the sea of faces and saw a box like contraption being hauled
  toward me, a shaft protruded from the centre and on top of the shaft was a
  leather saddle and protruding in turn from the saddle was a thick 8 inch long
  condom covered dildo. 
I watched fascinated as it was positioned directly below me. I tried to close
  my legs but loose chains had been fastened to both my ankle and thigh cuffs
  which while they were loose enough to allow me to pull myself up some distances
  by my arms I could not bring my legs together. 
An electric motor in the box whirred into life and the dildo and saddle rose
  slowly up until with the guiding hands of willing volunteers, who also liberally
  applied lubricant, it was pushing at my anus 
I struggled and squirmed lifting myself as soon as I felt it pushing me open,
  I had never had to take anything that big to date and pulled on my wrist chains
  which lifted me but still the saddle rose and was again pushing at my sphincter. 
I could go no higher and resigned myself to the inevitable rape when with
  a cheer the machine stopped, the tip of the dildo was hard against my sphincter
  but not inside me. 
I then realised that the real torture was to simply wait and as my arm muscles
  tired I would in effect rape myself. I determined to hold off but in the space
  of a few minutes found myself lowering and impaling myself on the dildo while
  some of the men clapped and others whipped my stretched torso. 
Once I was fully impaled and sitting on the saddle it was lowered slightly
  to fully stretch my arms, my ankle chains were also adjusted pulling me down
  tighter and my thigh chains were tightened pulling my legs out further and
  ensuring nothing restricted the dildo from impaling me to the fullest extent. 
Once again I heard the motor whirr into action and to my horror, this time
  it began to vibrate and move down and then back up pumping me with mechanical
  precision as my own cock stood proud and twitched with desire, despite, or
  perhaps because of, the helplessness and cruelty of my position. 
I abandoned all attempts at self control, threw back my head and begged for
  mercy as I rode the sensation. I felt the whips thrashing my naked buttocks,
  chest, back and thighs. I felt a hand wanking me and as I came with a powerful
  spurt, I saw a dinner suited gentleman catch it in a shot glass. 
My head slumped to my chest as I hung there while the saddle was lowered and
  the dildo withdrawn leaving me naked, stretched and available both inside and
  out. 
Various members of the club, both obvious leather clad masters and dinner
  suited gentlemen now availed themselves of my body and tried out their toys.
  Different dildos both vibrating and still, carved ivory, stainless steel, leather
  and rubber were used on my arse and every variety of nipple torture was applied
  to my tits as I hung helpless before them. Every so often someone would apply
  their own whip and I would cry out with the pain. 
Although my body weight was partially supported by the chains at my thighs
  my arms were aching from being stretched above me and I was grateful when some
  of the crowd decided they wanted to bring me down from the frame, which they
  did. 
I was then hustled to another large frame where I was bent over a bar height
  adjusted to be just above my cock, so that my feet were standing flat on the
  ground when my ankles were pulled apart and shackled by chains at the bottom
  of the frame. My thighs were then also chained to the sides of the frame ensuring
  I had no freedom of movement for my legs and my arse was spread wide and available. 
My wrist cuffs were then also chained to the sides of another frame some four
  feet in front of the other but this time at waist height. I was now bent over
  with my back horizontal to the ground with my arse presented and my arms stretched
  out to either side and slightly forward of my torso. 
From the top centre of the forward frame a steel collar lined on the inside
  with soft leather was lowered on a chain, opened and then clicked shut around
  my neck it too was fixed at lower waist height and chains stretched to either
  side of the frame to hold it in place. 
Once again I could not move a muscle and a small stiff leather topped stand
  was placed under my chin forcing me to keep my head and face up 
Nipple clamps were re applied with the bells and a linking chain, the weight,
  and swinging of which, kept my nipples on fire. The weighted parachute was
  still dragging at my balls which also ached from this torture and the way my
  legs were stretched out to their fullest extent made my arse feel particularly
  open, empty and vulnerable. 
It was becoming particularly clear to me also, why I was not gagged, apart
  from the fact that my cries 25 stories up in the open air served only to amuse
  my captors, it was obvious that the purpose of my current position of restraint,
  was to allow unhindered access to my arse and mouth, cock, balls, nipples and
  indeed all of my body for members to fuck or play with, torment or torture
  at their leisure. 
Scatter cushions were thrown on the ground around and under me and men slowly
  began to gather, in couples and alone, drinking, laughing and while some sat
  around and under me, others began playing with my body. 
The smell of the leather trousers now standing directly in front of me was
  intoxicating and as he held the zip out, I obediently attempted to lower it
  and open his fly. He had to assist me loosening the chain holding up my steel
  collar and removing the stand under my chin to allow me to move my head up
  and down and free his cock from the leather trousers, the job done his hard
  cock thrust out and he slid a condom over it and then slowly thrust himself
  down my throat as I felt another hard condom covered and well lubricated cock
  ramming up my arse. 
I felt used and abused but the restraints were reasonably 
comfortable and every now and then when my mouth wasn ' t 
being used I was offered a drink and slated my thirst eagerly, sometimes it
  was beer and sometimes whiskey and often the small leather chin stand was replaced
  to force my head up and make me watch my tormentor preparing himself to face
  fuck or rape me. 
Suddenly I felt my ball parachute and clamps being removed and my own cock
  and balls licked to hardness, a condom was applied and I bucked as I was sucked
  by someone who also flicked idly at my sore nipples, while some else applied
  a whip to my back and shoulders as he fucked me and yet another thrust hungrily
  in and out of my mouth. 
This continued until the men tired of fucking me and drifted away to other
  parts of the roof top garden to admire the view or find each other. 
One man however remained on a cushion close in front of me and kissed me passionately
  while reaching underneath 
and pinching my nipples. I kissed him back and relaxed as much as I could
  given the vulnerability of my position. 
When he stood up and offered me his condom covered cock I pleasured him long
  and hard and as I did he ran his hands along my out stretched arms and down
  my body stroking me all the time as he came in my mouth. 
I desperately wanted him to buy me and take me home but he was pushed away
  by three leather clad rope masters carrying a bag of course hemp rope. They
  released me from my chains and dragged me back to the original four posts in
  the middle of the lawn where I was thrown on my back on the ground. 
My wrists were then connected to chains at the bottom of the posts either
  side and pulled hard apart stretching my arms once again, however my ankles
  were then lifted and attached to chains much higher on the same two poles and
  anchored far apart. 
This left my head and shoulders secured on the ground but the rest of my body
  hoisted and inverted, with my arse hole pointing directly into the air and
  my legs stretched wide apart to allow easy access to my arse, cock and balls. 
The rope masters then set about tying and separating my balls with thin cord,
  leaving the skin stretched as my cock hardened and my balls were trapped stretched
  not only away from my cock but also separated. 
They also set about tying ropes which at this point certainly were superfluous,
  that is at the wrists, ankles, thighs and above the elbow. 
All were of multiple turns and each were finished with another rope forming
  a loop not dissimilar to the ring in my leather restraints, all of which seemed
  superfluous given the helplessness of my present bondage. 
Another man appeared with a large wax candle some 12 inches in length and
  2 inches in diameter, one end was flat with a wick protruding from he end and
  the other was carved in the shape of a very thick cock which ran straight for
  six inches and then narrowed considerably to 1 inch diameter before immediately
  going back to 2 inches. 
I knew before the lubrication was applied that this was to be rammed down
  my arse and so it was, with my sphincter quickly tightening at the narrowest
  point, holding the candle vertically between my legs while invading and stretching
  my insides. 
They lit the candle with much ceremony which drew the people back to the spectacle
  of a naked slave well secured being tortured and they subtly adjusted the chains
  on my ankles to ensure the hot molten wax dripped on to the stretched skin
  of my cock and balls or should I jerk hard in my bondage, it flicked on to
  my nipples. 
I had a perfect view of my own torture. I could watch the candle burning lower
  and the molten wax burning harder as it continued to spill on my most sensitive
  organs without any ability to move or stop the torture. The club members loved
  it and clapped every drop as I tried desperately to avoid the pain. 
This particular torture whilst started by the rope masters, was not all they
  had in mind and although it went on for nearly an hour until most of the audience
  drifted away, they waited patiently for my ordeal to end before releasing me
  from the chains and then tying me, using the afore mentioned ropes at ankle,
  wrist, thigh and upper arm. 
They tied me savagely on a bridge over the artificial Carp pond, against poles,
  staked spread eagled on the lawn and dangling from the trees, utilising every
  rope they had and always rendering me utterly helpless and at the mercy of
  any one wanting to molest me. 
When they finally released me, dawn was breaking, and while all of the cruel
  ropes were removed the leather cuffs were not and my hands were still chained
  behind my back as I was handed to the one man I had hoped would claim me, the
  man who had kissed and loved me so well, when I was chained for sucking and
  fucking simultaneously earlier in the night 
He put a large silk robe on me which hid my nakedness and the fact that my
  wrists were padlocked together behind my back, gave me a pair of sandals for
  my feet and ushered me toward the lift. Once we reached the ground he gently
  took my elbow and ushered me to his car, he drove a short distance to his home
  and again ushered me up the stairs and into a sparsely furnished house. 
He then removed the robe and the padlock leaving me free for the first time.
  I embraced my liberator and we showered together before going to bed in a large
  double bed completely free of any form of restraint for the first time. I was
  exhausted and slept very soundly. 
I awoke to the feel of some one sucking my hard cock. It was my liberator
  and once again I was free of restraints. We passed a pleasant morning and I
  eagerly agreed when my liberator suggested we go to the beach. 
When we arrived we parked and strolled over the dunes and down the beach and
  further away from the people toward a secluded little bay where the bush came
  right down almost to the waters edge, we both stripped and swam in the warm
  water. 
My whip marks had faded and the warm salt water continued the healing process,
  we the lay in the sun until my liberator decided to go back for some drinks.
  I was too lazy to accompany him and lay naked basking in the sun as he dressed
  and trundled off. 
I closed my eyes and dozed off until I thought I heard a rustling in the bushes
  behind me. I had no idea of the time but my rescuer had not returned. I stood
  to dress when three men surrounded me, they were roughly dressed and reminded
  me of the park dwellers. 
I noticed one had a back pack as they all rushed me and threw me to the ground
  on my stomach. I tried to call for help but tape was swiftly wound around my
  head taping my mouth shut and my head was held down in the sand as one of the
  three sat on it. 
I felt the familiar course hemp rope tightly binding my crossed wrists, then
  my upper arms were tied and the two were linked tightening all the ropes and
  forcing my crossed wrists well up my back. 
I felt strong fingers invading my arse leaving me in no doubt about why I
  was being captured. I was then hauled to my feet and made to face my captors,
  they laughed at my helplessness as I shook in my bonds. 
My feet were then kicked apart and one of them tightly tied my balls and attached
  a leash before leading me stumbling behind him into the bush. I felt the lash
  of birches on my exposed behind and back as the other two assisted my progress
  from behind. 
I was led uphill for some 30 minutes and then we continued deeper and deeper
  into the bush. I cursed my own laziness which had cost me my new found freedom
  and resigned myself to looking for any chance to escape the clutches of these
  three. 
Every two hours they would call a halt and get beers out of the back pack
  and rest, drinking heavily and always taking the opportunity to tie me in exposed
  and uncomfortable positions by hauling my wrists crossed behind my back into
  the air and to a branch above me. 
This bent me over and placed my arse and mouth in good position to be abused
  as they had removed the tape from my mouth once they were satisfied we were
  deep enough into the bush for my cries not to be heard. 
They then took turns fucking me and forcing me to suck them before continuing
  deeper into the bush where I knew escape would be impossible. 
At night fall, long stakes were cut from the bush and hammered into the ground,
  my ropes were released but the three easily held me on the ground on my back
  and lashed my wrists and ankles tightly to each stake spread-eagling me on
  the ground. 
They then sat around as they cooked their evening meal and passed around a
  whisky bottle until one of them rose and walked over to stand above me and
  looked down on my helpless form before squatting down at my head and offering
  me a drink from the bottle. I gulped a mouthful of the fiery liquid and choked
  but recognised the first sign of kindness from my captors. It was however short
  lived as the man looked above him and tested a thin willowy branch by pulling
  it down and watching it spring back up. 
I also watched as he tied some rawhide to the branch and let it dangle, the
  end was lying coiled on my cock which twitched at the touch. He then sucked
  me to hardness, before winding the end of the rawhide around my balls at the
  same time pulling the branch downwards. 
When he let go the branch sprang back upwards pulling hard on my balls. I
  tried to ease my discomfort by raising my loins as far as the tight ropes would
  allow but the branch simply sprang back further toward its original position,
  the effect was the same as the parachute creating a permanent pull on my trapped
  balls. 
Satisfied with his handy work he wandered back to his companions leaving me
  stretched and uncomfortable as they settled down for the night I slept fitfully
  in my discomfort and dreamed of my short period of freedom before being wakened
  by one of them sucking hard on my cock which was responding well despite the
  discomfort in my balls. 
Once he had finished the three released me, stood me up and began to re tie
  me for the days trek. A four foot long sapling roughly 4 inches in diameter
  and stripped of its bark was produced and thrust across my back just below
  my shoulder blades, my arms were pulled over the top and my wrists re tied
  by rope connecting them across my stomach. 
This had the effect of forcing back my shoulders and pulling in my stomach
  where the course rope connected to the ties on each wrist. Further rope was
  used to tie my upper arms to the pole which had been cleverly notched to allow
  tight permanent bindings to hold the pole in place protruding about one foot
  either side of my shoulders, I could observe other notches at each end which
  would allow the pole to be tied between two trees trunks should they wish to
  immobilise their victim. 
My ball tie was still in place as was the leash and in this manner my journey
  began again 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick Green


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





