BDSM Library - It Always Starts The Same Way




It Always Starts The Same Way
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mans dreams get out of control.The fantasy always starts the same way. My heart is in my throat as I walk through
the front door. You grin an evil grin as you quickly slip the blindfold over
my head, blacking out everything to me. My breath quickens with my pulse. You
tell me to stay silent as you lead me further into your domain.
I try not to stumble as you slowly guide me down some stairs. I'm still not
  sure where you're leading me, but I try to comply. Finally you whisper in my
  ear that we've arrived. Not sure what you require I stand and try to patiently
  wait. 
You start by unbuttoning my shirt and pulling it off my body. The cool air
  makes my nipples stand rock solid. I give an involuntary start as you grab
  my belt buckle for which you quickly reprimand me and inform me that that's
  going to cost me later! I have no idea what that entails, but I shudder at
  the possibilities. 
When I'm stripped down to my thong, you bless me with and appreciative sigh
  before you command me to put my hands behind my back. I do so, but a little
  too slowly. Again, there'll be a price to pay. 
You push me backwards suddenly and I fall back onto something soft. Maybe
  a bed? Before I can even think to reorient, I find myself turned over on my
  stomach. You grab my ankle and bend my leg back so my heel is near the back
  of my thigh. I feel the rope snake around my leg and draw the ankle tight.
  I start to struggle a little and you just laugh and sit on my ass, holding
  me down and off balance while you do the same to the other leg. One more rope,
  and I'm hog tied....completely helpless. I start to complain about discomfort,
  but before I get two words out, your hand clamps over my mouth. 
&quot;Stop talking. Not a word!&quot; 
I manage to get out an &quot;Urp&quot; before your hand clamps in place again. 
You impatiently command me to silence again. All I can do is wiggle or maybe
  roll onto my side. 
&quot;Don't go anywhere!&quot; you laughingly say and I hear you get up and
  move out of the room. 
I start to squirm, trying to get the blindfold off, but it's secured very
  well. 
Lying there, contemplating my fate, I notice that the room is quite warm.
  I think I can smell incense or candles or something. Time seems to stand still
  as I wait there. Minutes pass by and I wonder if you're coming back soon....I
  call out to see if you're there, but there's no answer. twisting my head to
  the other side, I call out again and still no answer. My heart beats faster,
  and I try not to panic. &quot;She wouldn't leave me like this would she? Was
  that the door slamming?&quot; 
Once more I open my mouth to call out and to my surprise something is shoved
  home into my open jaw! I try to push it out, but I can feel the strap being
  buckled onto my head! 
 &quot;I told you to be silent!&quot; you hiss. 
The discomfort of the gag does nothing to quell the relief I feel knowing
  you're there..... 
 &quot;I think I'll snap some pictures of you like that for my memoirs&quot; you
  say. I am completely mortified. This is my worst nightmare, but the butterflies
  in my stomach belie the complete excitement I'm feeling at this humiliation.
  It could be worse though. You could be doing something really compromising. 
 After several minutes and several pictures, I feel some shifting around,
  and I can feel you removing the gag from my mouth. I smell something different
  but I'm not sure what it is. 
 &quot;Reach out with your tongue and lick!&quot; you command. 
It's than that I feel the warmth of your thighs on either side of my head.
  I strain to reach forward and lick your pussy lips, but it's hard with no leverage
  because of the hot tie. 
 &quot;Come on, you can do better than that&quot; you say 
 Finally, I get in close enough to touch the flesh between your lips. I lick
  and caress with my tongue for quite some time, feeling your slick and tasty
  juices running over my taste buds. My tongue ring is driving you wild! 
 &quot;That's it baby boy, make me cum!&quot; you say. I keep giving it my
  best. Soon your body shudders with orgasm and you pull away. 
 I gasp, trying to catch my breath, but no sooner is my mouth open, than the
  gag is back in place. 
 You slowly move around the bed, gently caressing my helpless body, tickling,
  pinching and scratching all over. I squirm and wiggle at the treatment. It's
  very erotic and by the bulge in my thong, you can tell its turning me on! I
  just wish I could get to a more comfortable spot! 
 &quot;You're a pretty good pussy licker. It's almost like you've been trained
  by a woman!&quot; you say 
 I wonder where you're going with this, but I'm not in any position to argue! 
 &quot;I think now its time for your punishment though!&quot; 
 &quot;Oh God!&quot; I think. What's she up to? 
 I can hear you moving around the room, setting some diabolical torture up
  for me. My cock droops from the lack of attention but I have no doubt it will
  come back stronger than ever. 
 Suddenly, I feel the hogtie rope let go. I can move my arms a little, but
  they're still in the cuffs. You release one leg and the rush of blood to my
  extremities has me moaning with pins and needles 
 I feel something soft slip over my foot, and slowly get pulled up my leg. 
 &quot;What the hell is she doing to me now&quot; is all I can think? 
 You get to my thigh before I feel the familiar sensation of the ankle cuff
  wrap around my ankle. You quickly bring my ankle back up and secure it to the
  handcuff chain.....before undoing the other leg and repeating the whole process.
  I can feel something wrapped around my legs, but I have no idea what it is. 
 &quot;I think its time for you to pleasure me some more my little sissy,
  so I'm going to take off the gag and I hope you do a better job this time!&quot; 
 This time you move in a little closer and my head bobs madly as I tongue
  your slit. I want to make you cum so bad, maybe you'll forget about any little
  indiscretions! You writhe and moan as I continue my tongue music. I know I'm
  doing a good job, I only hope its good enough. And what the hell is wrapped
  around my legs??? 
 &quot;Its time for more of your punishment, little man! I hope you can handle
  it!&quot; 
 My heart skips a beat. 
 You reach over and undo the clips holding my ankles to my wrists and help
  me to stand up. 
 I feel a collar tightly circling my neck and a chain dangling down my back
  to which you attach the hand cuffs. My poor wrists are going to be bruised
  tomorrow! 
 A spreader bar soon secures my ankles apart, keeping my legs open and everything
  I own within easy access. You rub your hand over my crotch and my dick twitches.
  My thong is soaked from the precum leaking out of my cock. You rub your finger
  in it and brush it against my gagged open lips. I'm helpless to do anything
  but inhale my own aroma. 
 A chain is attached to my collar, firmly holding me upright. It must be suspended
  from the ceiling. 
 &quot;Uh oh&quot; is all I can think. 
 I feel you reach around my body and strap something onto my waist. Must be
  some kind of restraint belt. You fumble with something down my legs and hum
  to yourself while you do it. Soon, you unhook the collar chain and lead me
  forward....My waist hits some obstacle. You undo the cuffs and my hands gratefully
  fall free. 
 Again I moan appreciatively as the feeling comes back into my hands.... 
 You lift my wrist and place it in a receptacle of some kind....I know what
  this is! I built it. You're placing me in the stocks. This leaves me in a completely
  helpless position. I remember from the last time!!! I can't use my hands, or
  move my head much. I can't even look down to see my body! 
 You push me forward and I feel the crossbar of the sawhorse at my thighs....I
  bend over and practically fall with my ass in the air and my head near the
  ground. I feel you secure the stocks to the rings on the legs of the sawhorse
  and my ankles to the other side. I am definitely not going anywhere and we
  both know it! 
 With my ass in the air, I know what's coming next, I just don't know when. 
 Your hands rub over my ass cheeks, spreading them apart and rubbing oil into
  them. The rubbing is sensual and calming. I can't be too calm though....this
  is gonna hurt like hell! 
 &quot;You've been a bad boy lately&quot; you murmur, &quot;and it's going
  to cost you!&quot; 
 With the palm of your hand, you suddenly smack both cheeks in succession.
  I yelp into the gag with surprise. 
 &quot;I love the sound of your muffled cries&quot; you hiss, &quot;Lets see
  if we can't get some more out of you! But first, a couple more pictures. Smile!&quot; you
  say. Like that's possible. 
 I hear the click of the camera. Thank god its digital and no one will see
  me like this! 
 The camera stops and without warning I hear a swish and crack across my ass.
  The flogger! I know that feeling anywhere! 
 As I steal myself to endure the flogger, which actually feels quite good
  in its own way, I try not to think of what else may be coming. 
 Pretty soon you become bored with the flogger because it's not making me
  squirm nearly enough! I hear you fumble around with something and a cool liquid
  splashes down my crack. I know what's coming and try to relax a little. The
  pressure against my asshole comes as no great surprise and the plug slips in
  after only a minor struggle. What does come as a surprise is the heat suddenly
  building up in my anus! The plug starts to move of its own accord with the
  clenching and unclenching of my sphincter muscles. I can't help it. You've
  coated the plug in something that's burning me up from the inside. I slowly
  am fucking myself with the plug! I try to push the damn thing out only to have
  it met by a hard smack from the paddle!!!!! 
 &quot;Mmmmph&quot; I yell into the gag! 
 Oh Jesus, my ass is on fire! I try again to expel it and WACK, the paddle
  hits me again. I think by now I'm crying into the blindfold! I can't help it.
  You laugh as you reach in and grab hold of the plug. Pushing it in and pulling
  it out. I can only grunt into the gag. What did I do that was this bad? Please,
  no more of the paddle. I can't take it! Flog me all afternoon, but no more
  paddle! 
 You stop moving the plug and rub my ass cheeks. I hear the click of the camera
  again. This is so humiliating and I haven't even had an orgasm yet!!!! 
 You reach between my legs and fondle my ball sack, feeling and rolling the
  contents. I can only moan. Unfortunately, my sack has tightened up to my body
  so my testicles aren't available for playtime! Little did I know that you had
  a solution for that too! Something very warm is placed into my thong, against
  my testicles. I think its one of those chemical hand warming packs. Soon the
  heat has me hanging like a stud horse in the pasture. 
&quot;Perfect!&quot; you say as you pull my thong down and start wrapping
  some kind of string or elastic or something around them, gradually stretching
  them away from my body. I writhe as much as I can in my position and you just
  tell me, &quot;I told you, you would pay for being a brat!&quot; 
 &quot;Now you're going to be my sissy slave for the rest of the afternoon,
  but only after I'm finished using that lovely ass of yours!&quot; 
 With that I feel you move up against my backside and yank the plug out, only
  to thrust a dildo deep into me. 
 Slowly you push it further and further until I feel your thighs push against
  the back of my legs! 
 You start to fuck it in and out of me, driving my wild with a prostate massage.
  I grunt and groan and the precum practically strings its way into my face.
  Finally after 20 minutes you get bored and pull out, only to replace the plug.
  I feel like a used up piece of meat! 
 You unclip the stocks from the legs and I gratefully straighten up. You attach
  the stocks to the ceiling chain and I have no choice but to stand there. 
 I feel you undo one leg and slip something over my foot followed by the other
  leg which you promptly attach back to the spreader. You pull whatever it is
  up my legs and snug it over my ass and crotch. It feels like some kind of shorts
  or underwear or something but it's very cool on my skin. 
 You decide that I haven't had enough torture and start rubbing my nipples,
  exciting them more and more. I try to squirm away, but you keep softly rubbing
  them than finally start pinching them. The effect is easily apparent as soon,
  a huge hard-on begins to fill out the shorts. After a while, it gets to be
  quite irritating, but you keep rubbing them until I'm whimpering through the
  gag and my poor nipples are on fire! 
 Slowly you remove the blindfold and I blink my eyes, adjusting to the thankfully
  dim light. I look straight ahead at computer monitor and see a guy restrained
  in stocks on screen. I look closely and realize it's me!!!! But what's that
  on my legs? You've placed me in stockings and a garter belt, with frilly panties! 
 Oh my God! I've been sissified! The screen changes like a slide show and
  I see my red paddled ass, pics of you fucking my ass, me hogtied licking your
  pussy and many more! 
 My cock twitches, even though I'm mortified! You reach over and clamp my
  nipples before saying softly to me, &quot;Now you're really going to service
  me and you don't come until I've had 10 orgasms!&quot; 
 You unhook me from the chain and shuffle me to the bed. You push me over
  onto my back and I helplessly stare at the ceiling. You change the gag in my
  mouth to a ring gag and shove a double dildo in. After climbing on, you start
  to ride my face while you reach back and stroke my poor cock. 
 I try to think of ways to not come but it's no use. The plug in my butt is
  keeping me hard, my nipples ache from all of the attention and your ministrations
  are driving me wild....I get closer and closer and you stop. You repeat this
  treatment. I have no idea if you're ever going to let me come, I just know
  that my balls are starting to feel like a couple of basketballs in their rope
  prison! 
You lightly smack them whenever I get close enough to start twitching. You
  haven't had your ten yet! 
 Finally you reach your ten and I can feel you slip a condom over my cock....you
  climb on for a short ride, because you know I'm not going to last much longer!!! 
 After you ride to one last orgasm, you get off and pour some lube over my
  cock. You begin stroking it in earnest, Within seconds I'm ready to blow and
  my hips won't stop thrusting of their own accord! You lean over and I blow
  everything I have into your waiting mouth! You keep stroking and I cum quickly
  I cum again!!!! Your mouth is completely full! 
 You smile as you come close to my face and plant a deep kiss on me, slipping
  your cum filled tongue into my mouth and forcing me to swallow my own Jizz!!!! 
 My eyes bug wide, but I have no choice. I have to swallow to breath. You
  rub and cuddle me as I come down and quiver with the aftereffects of an intense
  session. 
&nbsp;
 I adore my Mistress!

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Crusader


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





