BDSM Library - Male Breaking 101




Male Breaking 101
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A dominatrix nurse explains her favorite way to reduce a male safely.
       Male Breaking!
       Pamela X
     http://www.midnightx.com/

  Pamela here with advice to all you 'dommy mommies',
'dominant wives', 'ballbusting cuckoldrices' and 'merciless teasers'
out there!

   Iv'e heard lots of complaints about breaking your bois and not
getting the result you want and complaints from the bois about
marks not going away for days and in some cases actual injuries
requiring embarassing trips to the doctor and perhaps police
inquiry so I'm going to talk about a simple way to reduce a male
safely and be satisfied with the end result.

   First there are three stages, separate but equal in importance.
Separate but they flow into each other if done right.

   I took this difficult young man through my dungeon on orders from
his mother who had been having trouble getting the results she wanted,
so she helped in the preparation stage.

   So, keep him horny and on edge.  His mother kept him in a chastity
belt for almost a month. During this time he went from being a naughty
boy to a pretty good maid at home, but then because he was so horny
and blue balled, began to get sloppy and had trouble remembering 
orders.  You wives out there, I don't know what your husband does
for a living, but his mind is going to be distracted after a couple
weeks of chastity and teasing and training.  Don't let him cum, but
just give him a controlled milking if you want it to go longer!

   Anyway, by the time I had the young man delivered to my home with
private basement dungeon, his balls were nice and big and swollen,
his hands were cuffed in back, he had a ball gag, and inside his
mother's used panties, his chastity belted penis and strapon
buttplug!  I have a side entrance so he was naked, the way I like my
subjects delivered.  I took the keys from the anxious mother, who
said his school had a swimming meet that weekend so he couldn't show
any marks, and that was two days away!  On top of which, as I inspected
him in the basement, he had pretty fair skin, the kind that shows marks
quickly.

   Removing the ball gag, still making him stand in an awkward position,
I talked with him.  I love to chat with a subject before starting.
And I was wearing my tiniest string bikini so as I removed his chastity
belt was rewarded by a groan of relief and incipient teenage rock hard
spring loaded hardon.  Cupping his balls didn't help, making him moan
and sigh, but I love the feel of nice swollen blue balls.

   I tsked at the amateur marks,  pincher marks here and there.  You
girls watch those clothespins, doesn't take much to leave an almost
permanent mark or even do nerve damage.  I smiled at his face
when he asked me what I was going to do, and told him I was going
to break him!  His eyes widened at my casual confidence, and I assured
him I was.

   I told him not to be the slightest bit embarassed about screaming or
begging or crying because for one thing, he was going to anyway, and for
another, nobody was going to hear, and finally, truthfully, that every
boy or husband Iv'e ever done did exactly the same. That's all I tell
my subjects though, nothing too specific.  For you wives, the first part
is the preparation and intimidation.

   A little dry throated I thought, I gave him some water, and then
decided the best position was the X.  I liked the young man's looks and
noticed he had strong legs.  The key is to weaken the legs, all boxers know
that.  When the legs go, there goes the fight.

    I put a spreader bar on each manacle on his ankle, keeping his
legs spread, but not so far he couldn't stand on the balls of his
feet.  I removed the buttplug, too big for his age I thought but I didn't
know exactly what his mother was planning for him, seeing pierced
nipples and traces of eyeliner and lipstick.  I put his wrists in 
manacles and attached them to a spreader bar he could grip with his
hands, and using my auto chain hoist, pressed the button and
raised him up straight.  He could still stand on the concrete floor!

   Then I slipped the nipple rings in. His mom said she wanted his nipples
stretched a little anyway and this with the genital leash would be more
than enough to keep him 'on his toes'.

    Making sure the non stretchable cord from the ceiling hooks to 
each nipple and his scrotum collar pulling his testicles up was tight, he
looked at me with frightened eyes as I smiled and pulled it up, making
him get up on the balls of his feet.

   "Go ahead, put your weight down!"  He tried, and grimaced, the
pain from each nipple added to the pull on his testicles kept him up,
and walking around, I saw the strong muscles.  In addition, when his
legs grew tired, he could pull himself up on the spreader bar with
his hands to help his legs recover.

    Taking a plastic thin ruler, I slapped his butt and back of his 
thighs several times, rewarding myself with a little cry of pain
each time.  I wanted to make sure I wouldn't have to come back in
to adjust the tension which in the beginning I had to do several times,
and that just weakened the whole scene.

   "I'll be back when I think your'e ready to begin!"  

   He wanted to say "wait!" but when he moved, he had to put all his
concentration into remaining in that position.

    Leaving the room, slamming the heavy door shut, he was watching
a concrete block wall and a big school clock, with the seconds slowly
ticking by.

   I had some laundry to do, so as I watched the monitor, heard his moans
and sighs, estimated at most an hour!  He had no idea he was being watched,
but he might have assumed it, still, he had definite resistance and
stubbornness.  He didn't want to break, he hadn't for his mother or
his sister, or the pro dominatrix that wasted her time and money.
His mom and sister were so anxious to break him and he was deliberately
depriving them of what should be at least a weekly pleasurable family
activity.

   He began writhing after he tried alternating arms and legs, and finally
settled on a somewhat equal distribution of effort.  I saw his back
and arm and leg muscles alternate.  This is a nice safe position, uses
up every muscle on his body almost, but the best part is I never get
cramping.  If you double a male over by tying his wrists to his ankles
and lift him up by his nuts, it's a lovely humiliating and painful 
spectacle, but if he gets a cramp, the scene is all over!

   Sitting in my living room in my thong, enjoying the show on my
monitor, I studied him as I made my plans!  He started talking to himself,
to me, and after he started sweating heavily, moaning louder and louder
as he tried to keep his weight raised.  I saw him writhe as several times
he yanked on his balls.  I pulled my bikini aside and lightly stroked
around my clit as he pleased me with his cries, but I would not cum until
he was broken, a rule I made long ago.  The boy and I were both going
to have to earn it!

   He was sobbing and moaning, all the muscles on his back and legs
rippling with effort as I came back in breezily, and he stopped immediately,
using his last bit of strength to pull himself up steady on trembling legs.

    "Now I think it's time to begin, don't you?"  His face showed that
delightful mix of emotions, relief of the restraints being removed and fear
of what was to come.  He wanted to speak but I told him not to!

   "No time for words, young man!  Later when youv'e earned it!"

   I decided to keep him in the x position for a while.  I slowly
selected from my wall of implements the first whip, actually more like a 
belt, a double belt I call a clapper.  Makes a lot of noise and scares
even me at first, but the impact is spread out.  The more spread out the
less damage.  I walked around him slowly as he trembled, and then paused.

   Switches and canes and single tailed whips leave marks.  Theyr'e
painful of course, but as much as I love the sight of welts and 
bruises, I look forward to a blank canvas more the next time.
 
   "Do you want some water?"  He nodded eagerly,  I had been so anxious 
to begin I had forgotten to offer some.  OF course he did, and he wanted
to delay the whipping, and like a novice I had almost let him get 
dehydrated and then have to stop perhaps even before he broke for me
and wasted the whole session!

    After watering him, I took a breath to steady my impatience, and
walked behind him, and hit the back of his right thigh.  WHAP!  He
moaned and shuddered, but I noticed as I was standing close and giving
him water, my big breasts touching him, his hardon had come back upright.
I would use that as a convenient signal.  I walked around casually hitting
most of his body, making the skin sensitive, getting him used to the sound
and especially the pain. I knew it hurt, not like later, but still hurt.

   He was trying not to sob and cry out and I liked that a lot.  I love it
when I have to earn it!

   I spent a half an hour slowly working him over with the clapper, and then
pausing as he caught his sobbing breath, chose a smaller more flexible belt.

   Choosing his pink bubble butt, I was rewarded with a nice sound of pain
and a bright red mark.  Not a welt!  Welts take time to heal.  The next one
on the other cheek elicited an ever better response.  I danced around him
making him dance with me to the tune of my whip!  He was crying out now with
every blow.  Sometimes I stopped and squeezed and massaged his erection,
sometimes to rub my butt against him, keeping his cock at least semi hard.

   His buttocks were a nice reddish pink now, and I knew that little starfish
his mother had started to expand would be receiving my biggest strapon
later.  The first scream took me by surprise, the way it's supposed to,
even though I was definitely lusting for it by now.  After that it was just
lovely.  I could make him scream just by using my hands and sharp fingernails
and pinching his genitals,  as he was pleading and begging and crying for me
to stop.  I don't know if he wanted to break like some males, but he did of 
course and while he was sobbing, I brought my stool over and used a few 
sterilized needles on his genitals.  Not the testes, girls!

   Just around the knob and skin of the shaft, avoiding the veins.  Get him
nice and hard first of course.  Ooooh, the noise he made almost made me cum! 
Breaking the skin on his genitals is like one of the violations to a male's
body I want to make sure happens.

   It's not the best position to do needles. He should be on his back, legs
spread, tightly restrained.  But I was needing it and he was at just the
right stage.  

   I could have used a small shoe-laces genital whip on him instead, but 
while whipping is fun, you can prolong the scream at will with a nice
sharp needle and there will be no mark at all if you do it right!

   With my fingers holding the needle point on his foreskin, my hand
massaging him to stay somewhat hard, I watched his face, not hearing his
begging and sobbing pleas, and just slowly drank in his screams until I
had cum, pooling onto the vinyl padding of my 'milking stool' as I call it.
I chuckled, feeling warm all over afterwards, looking at the pool of cunt
cream, knowing I would have him eagerly licking it up.

   After that, feeling refreshed, I was more professional. I had him
change positions, even talked with him, as I gave him breaks, but of course
was now moving to puppy training stage. I used my leash and collar, dog food
bowl, strapons and sissy training props.  Once he's broken this stage is
just delightful, but a waste of time unless he's ready.

   His mother called that afternoon, anxious and very interested in my
results.

   "Is he really broken, Pam?  His sister and I are so worried!"

   I chuckled, sitting in the kitchen upstairs having a snack, fully
dressed, as I uncrossed my legs for my new maid naked except for his 
tiny lace apron as he knelt and lovingly spitshined my other leather boot!

  They would have the perfect little maid
when they picked him up, and every Saturday or Friday night when they
do discipline, they would be so pleased with the response!

http://www.midnightx.com/

D-cup with whip!   With Femdom at http://www.Midnightx.com/
you see two basic dommes.  One is ballbusting babysitter, young,
braless, buxom, into teasing, cbt, bootworship.  The other is her 
young mother,  buxom, into breast feeding, forced fem, facesitting
and worship sessions.  Both love cbt and strapons, blueballs and 
pantyworship, cuckolding and sissytraining. Many Free Samples!
Illustrated fetish stories at http://www.midnightx.com/
Adults Only, no reprint without permission.


Torturess Toiletslave Cartoon Stories
Femdom/fm Total toilet service demanded by luscious
teen teasers, voluptuous rich pampered wives,
cruel cellblock dominatrices of their sluts and sissyboys.
Home of Audrey, Lesbian toiletslut extraordinaire.
http://www.slavex.com/

Cuckold Comics,  Blackowned slutwives and sissy-trained cuckolds
at http://www.midnightx.com/    ADULTS ONLY! 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TJ Ryder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





