BDSM Library - Sorority Flag Pole Night




Sorority Flag Pole Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young student is left tied to a sorority flag pole.Sorority flag pole night 
&nbsp; 
A fantasy of girls using a man 
Bob was nineteen and a student. One day the group of lads he sometimes hung
  out with suggested a night on the town with the proviso that Bob stayed sober
  as the driver. He was reluctant but agreed. The lads visited many bars but
  all Bob drunk was coke. Not so his friends who by the end were all legless.
  On the way back they were larking about in the car until he told them to sit
  still as they were affecting his driving. They all jeered and called him a
  prude and a wimp. Bob was pleased when he was able to park his tatty old car
  in the college car park. His friends all piled out shouting and drunk and they
  all staggered off. They once more larked around and Bob being sober was not
  impressed. They were walking past one of the sorority buildings when Guy suggested
  that as Bob was being a prude they should strip him and tie him to the sororities
  flagpole. Bob told him to get stuffed but his drunken friends found the idea
  fun and were soon on him. He pointed out that the sorority did not have a flagpole
  and they all collapsed laughing at that until Guy said they did but it was
  around the back in their garden. Bob gasped as his friends grabbed him and
  pulled him around the building. A large wall with a wooden gate surrounded
  the back. This was locked but Guy kicked it open to great laughter from the
  others. Bob told them to let him go and pointed out that they would be in trouble
  for breaking the sororities gate but guy laughed and told him in that case
  they had better give the sorority a gift. He was tugged in and then Guy pinned
  him down while his friends stripped him to his underwear. Then using his belt
  they tied him to the flagpole so he was facing out and then with a laugh guy
  tugged his boxers down. Laughing his friends then left taking his clothes with
  them telling him to have fun. Bob cursed and begged them to come back but they
  were gone. He struggled to free himself but only managed to trap himself more.
  Bob was horrified as to be found like this would cause the authorities to almost
  certainly throw him out of college. Bob had of course heard rumours about what
  sorority girls did to a boy found tied naked to their flagpole but did not
  believe them. He cursed and hoped that his friends would wake up before morning
  sober and release him before he was found and handed over for punishment. 
Bob stood trapped for several minutes and then to his horror he heard noises
  and saw a door in the sorority house open. Bob gasped as a group of about six
  girls approached him and when they got close he heard them giggling and laughing
  at his plight. Quickly he tried to explain that it was not his fault but one
  of the girls a plump big-breasted girl laughed and said, &quot; It never is
  the boys fault that they are tied to our flagpole but the rules are the same!
  You are on our property and we can do, as we want to you! You will do as we
  want because first you cannot resist us and secondly of course you want us
  to release you because if we do not in the morning the cops get you!&quot; Bob
  gasped at that comment and at the nods and giggles and told her not to be silly.
  The girl did not reply with words but actions and her hand shot forward and
  suddenly grabbed his balls hard making him yelp. Bob struggled but could not
  release himself from her limpet like grasp. She said, &quot; See what I mean
  now are you going to be a good boy or do you want me to see how far from the
  flagpole I can tug your balls? &quot;Let go of me!&quot; &quot;No way!&quot; And
  with that she gripped them tighter and tugged them steadily away from the flagpole
  saying, &quot; When you want to be a good boy say so honey!&quot; Bob struggled
  but with his hands tied he was helpless to resist her. Soon he was in real
  pain as she slowly pulled his balls away from his body. He twisted to relieve
  the pressure but after a few seconds she had pulled them even more and he was
  in agony. Defeated he said, &quot; Okay let me go please! &quot;Will you be
  a good boy?&quot; &quot;Yes!&quot; The girls laughed as she let go of his balls
  and she smiled and said, &quot; Told you so! Now give us a feel of your tackle
  honey! Nice! Your dick's a bit small must be the cold? Yes! Look girls it is
  getting nice and big with even a simple rub! I reckon our friend here is nice
  and sober so much more fun to play with than that last lad. The one who was
  so drunk he threw up and passed out! What's your name honey?&quot; &quot;Bob.&quot; &quot;Nice
  my name is Marci. Now relax and let us have a play baby after all they say
  when you cannot resist rape you should lie back an enjoy it!&quot; And again
  the girls laughed. All the time Marci was rubbing his dick and he was fully
  erect. While humiliated both the situation and the stimulation turned on Bob
  and of course he had not had sex for ages. 
Then another of the girls a slimmer more attractive girl who in the moonlight
  looked blonde moved closer and started to rub his bottom saying, &quot; Cute
  and hard a real nice bum you have Bobbie! My name is Fran lets have a nice
  kiss now!&quot; And with that she grabbed his head and kissed him hard on the
  lips her tongue working inside his mouth. Bob did not resist as tied and with
  Marci still fingering his dick he could not and as he let Fran kiss him he
  was able to taste the wine on her breathe and realised that all six girls were
  at least a little drunk. Then as Fran kissed him he heard Marci say, &quot; The
  only problem with a lad tied to the pole is how to screw him! &quot; Fran broke
  off kissing him and moved in front of Bob and said, &quot; He does not need
  to lie the baby can knell and bring us off that way! Can't you baby! Be a good
  boy and please us well and we will let you go!&quot; And with that she pushed
  Bob on the top of the head. Bob gasped at this turn of events having assumed
  that all that would happen would be some teasing petting and then release.
  However he slid to his knees pleased that at least Marci had let go of his
  dick. He did not really believe that any girl would want head in this sort
  of situation but when he was on his knees Fran lent down and tugged her panties
  off hitched her skirt up and he was able to clearly see her pussy with neat
  trimmed pubes and the vaginal lips already open in anticipation. He moaned
  as he remembered many incidents where girls with a bit of drink in them had
  gone wild and he knew that this time it was his turn to suffer their antics.
  Any thought that Fran did not want it was stopped when she moved forward grabbed
  his ears and rammed his head into her groin. He opened his mouth and instantly
  her pussy was in it and he gasped, as she was wet already. She pinned him close
  and he stated to reluctantly lick her off. It was not that he disliked giving
  head but that he had never expected to do so in such strange circumstances.
  Fran pinned him to her moving him subtlety by his ears to give her the sort
  of sucking and licking her pussy demanded. As he licked her off he heard the
  other girls giggling and making crude comments about what he was doing. Then
  he heard them passing drinks around and was aware that several were sitting
  down to watch and then he gasped as his bottom was goosed by one then another
  set of female hands. All the time Fran held him close now moaning with excitement
  her pussy open and wet as he licked her. Bob groaned, as the position was uncomfortable
  for him knelling on the cold ground his arms tied painfully behind him to the
  pole and his head twisted into the towering girl's groin. After a couple more
  minutes Fran's moans of delight peaked and she climaxed with a deep loud groan
  of pure pleasure. 
Fran pushed him off and said, &quot; Sexy licking baby! Okay who fancies a
  go next he comes fully recommended for pussy licking service!&quot; Bob gasped
  as another girl also slim stood and pulled her skirt up and sauntered over
  to him saying, &quot; My turn the name is Lynette and I like head!&quot; and
  she grabbed his head and stuffed it between her slim thighs. Bob gasped as
  her pussy was virtually fully shaved with only a thin line of pubic hair around
  the vaginal lips. Soon he was kissing and licking her vulva and tasting her
  musky juices as she moaned and groaned above him. She came a lot quicker than
  Fran had and when she orgasmed a spurt of her liquid filled his mouth and forced
  him to swallow. She sauntered off after her orgasm letting her skirt fall back
  down and grabbed a glass of wine and said, &quot; Good licking! And look girls
  he likes sucking us off his knob is still up!&quot; Bob blushed at that as
  the girls laughed and pointed at his still fully erect penis and he knew that
  any hope of mercy he had was now gone as the girls would assume he wanted to
  lick them. The next girl to stand and move towards him was a tiny slim dark
  girl who was wearing jeans. She stood in front of the knelling boy and tugged
  these and her panties down and then pushed his head onto her vulva. Bob moaned
  as a gang head giving session was not what he wanted. He was cold and felt
  humiliated and worse all the sex was for the girls and he was getting frustrated.
  The girl moaned with delight at the touch of his tongue and he heard Fran say, &quot; Go
  for it Cassandra!&quot; And he gathered that this was the name of the girl
  he was licking. As he brought her slowly and carefully to orgasm Bob shuddered
  as he realised he was giving sexual pleasure to a girl who had no even bothered
  to tell him her name. Worse he knew that to the girls he was just a sex object
  not a real person and he found that deeply humiliating. He consoled himself
  with the thought that they were drunk and would regret it in the morning and
  then he thought that no they would just laugh about it. Also he knew that no
  one would ever believe him if he told them what was happening to him just as
  he had never believed the stories he had heard in the past. 
Cassandra moaned and tugged his hair as she came to a wet raging climax in
  his mouth and then she pushed him off and tugged her panties and jeans back
  up and said, &quot; Cute!&quot; and wandered off. The next girl was Marci who
  had already got her skirt up. She was wearing a pair of small panties with
  lacy edges and she said, &quot; Here is a hard task honey! Get my knickers
  down with your teeth and do not tear them and then baby my cunt wants pleasure!&quot; The
  girls laughed at her crudeness as Bob gasped. However he had to do as she wanted
  and was soon carefully tugging her panties down being careful not to rip them
  of worse nip her with his teeth. He found this more humiliating than giving
  head as they slipped down her thighs and then dropped to her feet. Marci's
  pussy was very hairy with a distinct unclean odour to it but she just rammed
  forward and forced his head onto it. He licked away hearing the girls chat
  and giggle and hearing the sound of Marci getting off. He was pleased to feel
  her excitement rise quickly as she had forced his head at a painful angle for
  licking so her powerful orgasm gave him pleasure as well as he was released.
  Marci laughed and then picked up her panties and rubbed them in his face making
  all the girls laugh. Bob groaned at that humiliation but could do nothing as
  Marci sat down in front of him and resumed playing with his still erect penis.
  She said&quot; Come on next!&quot; but the two remaining girls shook their
  heads. Then Fran said, &quot; Come on Sami you know you like head and you have
  told us many times your boyfriend never goes down on you! Here is a chance
  to remember why he should!&quot; &quot;No way I am true!&quot; replied a tall
  skinny girl. &quot;Nonsense!&quot; said Fran &quot; this does not count it
  is only a bit of fun! Come on!&quot; Bob moaned at that comment and then gasped
  as the girl stood and walked over saying, &quot; True this only a bit of fun!
  Okay honey get licking!&quot; And she pulled her panties off and stood legs
  akimbo and rammed his surprised head onto her pussy. Sami's pussy was very
  hairy but tasted clean as Bob licked her off and once more the moans of a girl
  getting excited filed the night air. Sami moaned and shook pinning him hard
  against her pussy and her thick juices filled his lapping mouth as she exploded
  into a powerful climax on the trapped boy. She pushed him off and said,&quot; Wow!
  That was good! Now I remember why I love head! I tell you girls this lady is
  doing nothing for Henry unless he gets down and gives me some tongue action!&quot; and
  the girls all laughed at that as Bob red faced collapsed back and sucked in
  some clean air. His face was covered in female juices and after so much head
  his jaw was getting sore. Worse he was still hard and frustrated and even worse
  he was still tied and at the girls mercy. 
Bob moaned out loud and made the girls laugh when Fran stood and moved towards
  him lifting her skirt and saying, &quot; Time for seconds!&quot; when the girls
  had finished laughing at his moan Marci said, &quot;Typical male after a little
  session of loving he wants out!&quot; and the girls all laughed again. Bob
  could not join in as Fran had grabbed his head and rammed it hard into her
  wet pussy. This time she did not take as long to come but as soon as she was
  finished Cassandra had him licking her off and she took much longer to moan
  in orgasm. By then Bob's jaw, tongue and neck were hurting from the cunnilingus
  and he needed a rest. He begged the girls to give him a rest and they laughed
  and called him a wimp but Lynette gave him a glass of wine and forced him to
  gulp that down before presenting her pussy once more for pleasing. Then it
  was Marci's turn and this time with a laugh she turned and presented her bottom
  to him and ordered him to kiss both cheeks of her bum before doing her. Bob
  wanted to refuse but with reluctance he did so and his humiliation amused the
  girls a lot. Then he licked her off and once more he was pleased when she came
  fast on his now exhausted tongue. Sami went next and came quick and powerfully
  on him her hands ripping deep marks in his neck as she did so. After he had
  pleased Sami he was pleased to see that he sixth girl did not want him. He
  hoped that the girls would now release him and asked them to. They laughed
  and Marci approached him and pulled him up and kissed him and then broke off
  and said, &quot; Nice tastes of pussy girls! No way Bob maybe at dawn! But
  you do deserve something and you have been a good boy and licked us off so
  you deserve a jerk off!&quot; And she moved beside him so all the girls could
  see and took hold of his dick and started to roughly pump him. Bob moaned at
  her rough touch fully aware that she was being deliberately rough on him to
  show her power over him. However his dick still responded to her harsh pumping
  to the girls amusment. On one hand Bob was blushing with embarrassment and
  humiliation was the girl rubbed him off but on the other hand the orgasm was
  deeply desired. He exploded shooting a stream of come out and moaning loudly
  as Marci mercilessly pumped his shaft in her fist. Even the laughter and crude
  comments of the girls could not ruin the power of his coming and he felt his
  knees go weak. Then he was sobbing and begging as Marci deliberately milked
  him in her powerful hand. His begging made them laugh, as did his twisting
  to escape from her sadistic grip. Finally to his great relief she let him go
  and said, &quot; Nice sex show Bob! However that has got me hot so once more
  onto the knees honey!&quot; Bob groaned but sunk to his knees and once more
  he licked Marci and then the equally excited Fran off. However only these two
  girls wanted thirds to his relief. In fact once he had pleased Fran the girls
  decided to go to bed once more he begged them to let him go but they just laughed
  and Fran said, &quot; What and stop another set of sisters playing with you
  Bob. Tonight is going to be a long night baby! Remember you have to get a sister
  to release you and she will want a lot in return! Now give us a kiss!&quot; and
  once more she fixed her lips to his and kissed him while her hands fisted his
  dick. After her the other four girls he had pleasured snogged and petted him
  until as they left he was straining on the point of orgasm. The girls found
  this funny and left him with Fran saying, &quot; Do not worry I am sure some
  sisters will be along soon to deal with that!&quot; soon Bob was alone in the
  moonlight cold and naked and still tied to the flagpole with his dick stuck
  erect. He was confused by what had happened as he had never imagined being
  used as a living sex doll by a gang of girls and knew no one would believe
  him apart from he reflected a gang of girls. 
Bob stood wishing that his erection would fade but his dick seemed stuck up.
  Then he heard noises of girls singing and gasped as he saw three girls come
  in though the broken gate. They were obviously drunk and Bob hoped they would
  not see him. He had no such luck and he heard one shout, &quot; Look girls
  someone has left us a bedtime present on the flagpole. He moaned as the three
  girls staggered over. All three were plump chunky girls and obviously all three
  had enjoyed a night on the town. One of them a very heavy girl wearing like
  her friends a short skirt and low cut top said, &quot; Hi honey! What is your
  name?&quot; &quot;Bob! Would you be so kind as to let me go?&quot; &quot;No
  way baby! We have been out all night boozing and trying to pick up some guys
  for a decent screw but all the men in town are ugly or gay I reckon! You are
  just what we need! You are going to fuck and please us baby! And do not say
  you do not want us your knob is up!&quot; &quot;Yes!&quot; said another girl
  very plump with gigantic breasts on view in her top, &quot;and it looks really
  sexy! Did some of our sisters leave it like that?&quot; &quot;Yes!&quot; &quot;Excellent!
  We will solve your frustration problems Bobbie with a few drinks in us we all
  enjoy a good orgy! Okay before we fuck the introductions my name is Brandy
  and this is Ivana.&quot; She said pointing to the leering first girl. &quot; And
  this is Tanya!&quot; and she pointed to the third girl who was plump big breasted
  and had masses of fuzzy hair. Then Brandy grabbed him and forced her lips to
  his while her hands grabbed his dick in a brutal drunken tug. He moaned as
  he tasted the strong alcohol on her and then moaned as Tanya moved and brutally
  squeezed his buttocks. After a minute in their hands Ivana said, &quot; Push
  him down we can get him on his back and then he screw us!&quot; &quot;And give
  us head as well! I am sure he fancies a threesome!&quot; said Brandy. The girls
  pushed him down and pushed him onto his back making Bob yelp as they twisted
  his arms. However they got him onto his back and then all three collapsed next
  to him and groped him. They were not gentle and he moaned and would have begged
  them to be gentle if it was not for the fact that all the time he had them
  kissing him their tongues deep in his mouth. After many minutes of this Brandy
  broke off and said, &quot; Okay girls I think that is enough petting shall
  we get down to some real action?&quot; Yes!&quot; replied Ivana, &quot; I am
  hot and wet for some real loving! Okay baby eat me and then be ready for my
  snatch!&quot; And with that she tugged off a pair of panties and clambered
  on his face. Ivana hitched her short skirt up and then dropped her pussy onto
  him. All Bob could see and taste was her pussy as she wiggled on him her thick
  pubic hair hurting his face as she rotated on his face. He licked away as best
  he could and was forced to allow her juices to fill his mouth. She pulled off
  him as he swallowed them and moved down him. As she did so she reached into
  her bra and tugged out a condom and said, &quot;Only one! Honey but we are
  all clean!&quot; The girls laughed and giggling all three rolled it on his
  dick before Ivana grabbed it and stuffed him into her pussy. Bob groaned, as
  did she as he was forced into her. Ivana smiled and said, &quot; Beautiful!
  My snatch is known as the meat grinder because it can grind a boy's knob to
  death in it! Enjoy honey bun!&quot; Brandy lent next to him and pinched his
  nipple saying, &quot; And do not come as I want you next and baby we are big
  girls with big sexual appetites!&quot; Bob groaned as Ivana pounded away on
  him riding him roughly. As she did so the other two girls amused themselves
  by kissing and groping Bob and then Tanya said, &quot; Do you like boobs Bobbie?&quot; And
  she undid a couple of buttons and her boobs spilt out. She pulled them out
  of the bra and then with a laugh stuffed one onto his open mouth and forced
  him to suckle and lick it. Bob groaned as Ivana ravished him and he licked
  Tanya's breast while all three girls' fingers pinched and tugged at his naked
  trapped body. After a few more minutes Ivana grunted and screamed in orgasm
  and pulled off him saying, &quot; Great and he has good control he should be
  good for a few hours of screwing!&quot; Tanya laughed and pulled her breast
  free and mounted him and rammed her pussy hard against his face. Her pussy
  was unclean and hairy but Bob licked her moaning as he felt Ivana cupping and
  gently squeezing his balls. He licked away at Tanya moaning as Ivana played
  with his sensitive balls her rough hands hurting him. He was saved because
  Tanya got wet and moved and engulfed him in her pussy and roughly ravished
  him. As soon as his mouth was free he had Brandy's large fat breast in it and
  he licked her breasts as Tanya came to a fast powerful climax on his dick.
  Bob was excited but tried to hold back and was helped by the girls drunken
  roughness and the uncomfortableness of being tied and on cold hard ground.
  As soon as Tanya had come he had Brandy on his face but after a couple of licks
  of her unclean hairy pussy she was on his dick and brutally riding him as he
  was forced to lick the other two girls breasts one after another. As Brandy
  got off her felt his own excitement rising and when her rough harsh pussy tightened
  on orgasm on him he lost it and moaned and groaned in orgasm his mouth full
  of Tanya's left boob. 
Bob hoped that was that but the girls had other ideas and Tanya said, &quot; Bastard!
  He has fired! Brandy keep your pussy tight I do not want him to go soft!&quot; Brandy
  nodded and tightened her strong vaginal muscles making Bob gasp in pain. Tanya
  climbed on him and gripped the base of his dick and pulled him out and then
  moved and sunk it into her pussy. Bob screamed as his sensitive post orgasmic
  penis was rasped against her tight pussy making all three girls laugh and Tanya
  said, &quot; You should not have come when we want sex! Okay honey let's screw!&quot; as
  Bob groaned in pain as Tanya raped him. Ivana said, &quot; Here it was my turn
  next!&quot; &quot;Tough!&quot; said Tanya, &quot;Use his mouth! After all he
  is taking a long time to bring us off and he can do two of us at once!&quot; Okay!&quot; laughed
  Ivana as she mounted Bob and he moaned as she rammed her pussy hard against
  him once more. Bob moaned as his very sensitive dick was raped while he was
  forced to give the wet gaping pussy of Ivana oral delight. The weight of the
  two girls pressed him helplessly down and then he felt Brandy grab his hands
  and place them against her breasts. Then Brandy pinched his hands and forced
  him to massage her breasts while he licked off Ivana and was ravished by Tanya.
  Bob could not cope and realised the only thing to do was to let Tanya have
  him and to concentrate on Ivana's dripping pussy and Brandy's gigantic soft
  breasts. Ivana came first but Tanya soon was hammering away on his dick and
  climaxed. Then with a laugh Ivana pushed her off Bob and took his sore erect
  dick into her wet pussy and ravished him. Instantly Brandy had moved and sat
  herself on his face and pushed her pussy lips to his mouth lips for pleasure.
  He pleased both girl and then felt his hands being grabbed and placed on a
  set of ample breasts. He shuddered under the weight and lust of the girls and
  Brandy and Ivana came and then the hideous female train move and he was ravished
  once more by Brandy while he licked off Tanya and massaged Ivana's boobs. He
  moaned and groaned and then after two more female orgasms the train moved and
  Tanya ravished him. To his horror he suddenly knew he was going to come and
  while he fought it the pounding of Tanya on his dick the taste of Ivana and
  the touch of Brandy's breasts were too much and he came screaming his mouth
  full of female juices. He heard the girls laughing at his orgasm but they pinched
  and slapped him to keep him going and bring them off. This was agony for Bob
  as his tender dick was rasped by Tanya's pussy and then without rest by Ivana's
  but the girls were drunk and full of lust and did not care. For ages they abused
  him always one on his dick one on his lips and the other using his hands. Bob
  was unaware of time as they powered away fuelled by alcohol and orgasms on
  him. Their weight crushed him as they used him and left him tender and bruised.
  His lips and tongue ached from overuse and his dick was a sore wooden pole.
  Then after at least an hour when the pace of the girls loving was dropping
  and they were taking longer and longer to come and Bob thought he was winning
  and soon when they had finished he could beg them to let him go it suddenly
  happened. He was being ravished by Tanya when he felt a strong tingle in his
  shaft and then a pounding more akin to pain than pleasure and to his horror
  he knew he was going to come. He came screaming in red-hot intense pleasure
  pain and the world spun and he passed out under the three jeering laughing
  females. 
Bob awoke sometime latter cold, exhausted with painful empty balls and a sore
  jaw and worse a throbbing red dick. To his amazement he was still half-hard
  and moaned as he realised that somehow his dick was once more stuck. He wiggled
  and moaned trying to get free and then groaned as he saw that the sky was getting
  red and soon it would be dawn. He whined as he was still trapped and shuddered
  at the thought of being found tied, naked and erect by the authorities. However
  worse than that he now realised would be the time when the sorority woke up
  and he was teased by a whole mass of jeering laughing girls and he knew his
  reputation in the college would be finished. Then he saw the sorority door
  open and a girl walk out. She was wearing a short dressing gown and he could
  see she was a buxom blonde. She walked up to him and said, &quot;Having fun?
  I heard Marci and her friends playing with you earlier but I think a few more
  girls must have found you latter on! You are in a real state!&quot; Bob groaned
  and begged her to let him go. The girl gave him a sexy smile and said, &quot;What
  is in it for me if I do?&quot; &quot;Please!&quot; &quot;Well let me see we
  need to strike a deal!&quot; Please I am exhausted I cannot make love any more
  and we do not have much time the rest of the girls will be up soon!&quot; &quot;Very
  true! And you do not want them to find you here! A couple of hours of groping
  and teasing followed by the housemother getting the police would be hell! Worse
  you may have to cut a deal with some of the girls for your freedom! Do you
  fancy a year as the rowing eight's mascot? Or worse as the last lad suffered
  a year as the lesbian societies pet? No? I did not think so! So let me see
  how about this for a deal! I let you go! &quot;Yes! Please!&quot; &quot;Wait
  I have not finished! You spend the day in my bed. After all it is light and
  you have no clothes so you are not going anywhere are you? Then you agree to
  take me out on a dozen dates nice ones finishing up in my bed for the night!
  Easy and the best offer you will get!&quot; Bob's head swum as he looked at
  the girl. He was shattered and confused but she was attractive and her realised
  her offer was fair. He nodded and said, &quot; Yes! Let me go!&quot; The girl
  laughed and said, &quot; Okay my name is Jenny what is yours?&quot; &quot;Bob!&quot; Jenny
  laughed and said, &quot;Nice! Let's get you free!&quot; She produced from her
  dressing gown a bread knife and sawed away at the belt until it came free.
  Bob gasped at the pain from his wrists and then stood and nearly collapsed.
  He moaned as Jenny grabbed his arm and steered him off saying, &quot; Please
  I am shattered I will be no good for anything!&quot; &quot;Nonsense! A nice
  warm shower a cup of coffee and then honey relax and let me show you what a
  girl can do!&quot; Bob groaned as Jenny steered him into the sorority building
  and up some stairs. As they did so he gasped as he saw though the window four
  very large girls wearing tracksuits pile out and go towards the flagpole. Jenny
  smiled and said, &quot; Just in time that was the rowing team! I had heard
  that their last mascot had dropped out of college. They will be annoyed to
  have missed you!&quot; Then they got to a corridor and she steered him down
  and into a room. It was a bathroom and Jenny smiled and said, &quot; Have a
  nice warm shower honey and I will get us some coffee. Bob nodded too tired
  to argue and was left to wash. He used the facilities and then showered. The
  warm water made him feel better but made him feel even more tired. 
Then Jenny returned and took him still wet to her room. He sat on her bed
  naked drinking his coffee as she smiled at him. She was an attractive girl
  with a large full pair of breasts clearly visible though the gown. He felt
  exhausted and after a minute she suggested he got into bed. He nodded and did
  so and dimly watched her strip off her gown and expose her curvy body to him
  but as she got into bed he fell asleep. He awoke latter moaning and realised
  that his dick was being sucked. He gasped and remembered where he was and realised
  that it was Jenny under the blankets getting him excited. He had no idea how
  long she had been licking him but he was red hot and erect. She popped up and
  smiled and said, &quot; I let you have a couple of hours of sleep honey but
  now I think we should have some fun! Now relax I like to do the work and can
  only come when I am on top! And that is for cunnilingus as well!&quot; With
  that she mounted him and he gasped as she engulfed him. His dick was hard but
  sore as the sexy minx ravished him her big breasts bouncing. It did not take
  her long to come but after a quick rest she carried on loving him. He was tired
  but was soon massaging her big breasts and this turned her on more. Jenny came
  six times on his hard sore penis before her pussy broke him and he came screaming
  and passed out under her. She gave him a few minutes to recover and then petted
  him awake and mounted him once more and this time she enjoyed the services
  of his tongue for ages until he was hard and then she loved him with her curvy
  body. She powered away showing Bob the size of her desire using his hands,
  mouth and dick for her pleasure until after several hours he came once more
  screaming in exhausted pleasure at the top of his voice and passed out under
  her. 
The rest of the story is simple Bob spent the weekend in her bed and then
  for the next dozen nights he took her out and then loved her until she was
  satisfied and he was shattered. However by then they were in love and now every
  night he is hers. From then on he ignored Guy and his immature friends. As
  for the sorority girls Brandy and her friends never seemed to recognise him
  and on the few occasions he saw Marci and her friends they never mentioned
  his night attached to the flagpole. The only comment he ever had was from Sami
  who told him that after enjoying him she finished with Henry and got herself
  a much more unselfish lover. 
The end. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  neverman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





