BDSM Library - Elaine




Elaine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Leather Master sets out to seduce and enslave Elaine but the tables are turnedElaine invites me to their place supposedly while Gordon is out for some 3 hours 
I arrive dressed in leathers (Chaps, a silk loin cloth, a leather waistcoat
  and hat) and am invited in by Elaine who is beautifully dressed and I take
  her in my arms and kiss her very gently. I swing her around to carefully fondle
  her tits and feel them hardening as I gently kiss her neck 
I feel myself hardening as she pushes her backside into my groin and I whisper
  to her that she is a slut while pushing her slowly forward and quickly handcuffing
  her wrists behind her back. I continue to kiss and fondle her while using a
  strap to buckle her upper arms reasonably tightly together so her elbows are
  forced toward each other behind her back and her nipples, by now rock hard
  are thrust out in front of her. 
I walk her to the bedroom telling her she is wicked to have me here when Gordon
  is away, but also that I have plans for her as my newest slave. 
She looks hard at me and shrugs in her bondage but I tell her to relax and
  look at herself in the mirror 
When she does she sees just how good she looks with her tits that I have freed
  from their bra and the dress thrust out, her nipples hard, her posture enhanced
  by the bondage. 
I fondle, kiss and caress her further as I slip her panties off and feel the
  tell tale wetness in her crotch. she slumps back into my arms and I carry her
  to the double bed and lie her down while I go to work with my ropes. 
She is helpless and I hike up her dress exposing her to me and gently kiss
  and caress every inch before tying each ankle spread eagle fashion to the bottom
  of the bed. I then work my way back up my victims body slowly running my fingers
  everywhere until I sit her forward and undo the cuffs and the strap. 
I straddle her body while I remove her dress and any last vestige of clothing,
  I then smother her with kisses and at the same time bind each wrist stretched
  out and spread at the top of the bed. 
I climb off and admire my handy work. My own hard is clearly visible to her
  through the light silk of my loin cloth and I am panting with desire. I run
  my fingernails around her nipples until each is as hard as a rock. 
I trail my hand down and bring her the first orgasm with my fingers all the
  while kissing her and telling her that she is now my naked pleasure slave and
  that before Gordon returns she will have had many orgasms and will look flushed
  and ravishing when I take her away naked and securely hogtied in my van to
  my flat where later my buddies were due for a game of poker and I have promised
  them 
a slut pleasure slave for the winner. 
I told her she would be on display naked throughout the game and able to be
  fondled and finger fucked by anyone who was interested during the many drink
  breaks. I kissed away her protests then stripped and mounted her, my rock hard
  condom covered cock sliding effortlessly into the warm sanctuary of her wet
  cunt. 
I rode her until I came and then flopped exhausted on top of her. 
Suddenly I felt an iron grip on my wrists and the steel cuffs I had so carelessly
  thrown on the floor were snapped into place on my wrists, a cock gag was jammed
  into my mouth and buckled tight behind my head and the same belt I had used
  on Elaine was forcing my elbows together behind my back. 
I rolled off Elaine to find myself looking into the angry eyes of Gordon who
  had returned early. I was in trouble and I knew it as he forced me to my stomach
  on the floor and hog tied me with more rope. I lay there while Elaine told
  him how I had broken in and raped her. I struggled and yelled but only gurgles
  emerged as I was well bound and gagged. 
He released Elaine who dressed, asked for a strong drink and when Gordon left
  the room to fetch it she bent, lifted my head kissed my gag and told me what
  a pretty slave I would make for them and their friends. 
She then left the room and I went in to a frenzy of struggles against the
  ropes but quickly stopped as they both re entered the room a glass in their
  hands, Gordon looking grim and Elaine flushed and beautiful as I had predicted
  but fully clothed and looking sophisticated rather than naked as I had predicted. 
The only person naked was me and most stringently bound and silenced at that.
  I pleaded with my eyes as they sat on the bed and calmly discussed my impending
  punishments while sorting through my bag of gear and giggling as they came
  across ankle chains, suspension cuffs, butt plugs, whips, ropes, gags, nipple
  clamps and more leather gear. 
They pushed me on to my side so I lay bow shaped at their feet and Elaine
  toyed with my nipples and hardened my cock with her toe. 
Gordon then helped Elaine lift me onto the double bed and they lay my hogtied
  body across it. Gordon announced that he had an afternoons work to do but would
  like to play in the evening. They both sat on the edge of the bed either side
  of my head and while Elaine held my head toward her so she could watch my eyes.
  Gordon's hands strayed to my butt where his fingers trailed softly toward and
  then suddenly invaded my arse. 
I jerked away as best I could but was able to do little being so tightly roped
  and hogtied. Elaine had a very wicked twinkle in her eye as she asked me what
  was wrong and did I perhaps not want to be a slave. 
Gordon then released the ropes connecting my wrists to my ankles and allowing
  my feet to flop back on the bed. I immediately rolled onto my back to prevent
  him exploring my unprotected arse any farther. 
He then suggested they get me to the garage before he went to work and set
  about undoing my ankle ropes, while Elaine climbed on top of me, sitting, facing
  me, just in front of my cock and balls and began to play with my nipples which
  hardened immediately. My cock was also hardening as her control and beautifully
  wicked smile combined with my rope bondage and utter helplessness was exciting
  me despite my previous feelings. 
Elaine once satisfied that my nipples were hard enough applied an old Japanese
  chopstick torture by taking a chopstick snapped in two. The two short sticks
  are bound at one end by a tightened rubber band and after she had gently teased
  my right nipple to hardness she gripped it strongly and pulled it upwards,
  at the same time opening the two sticks at the unbound end and then closing
  them behind the full nipple, she then tightened them by tying the other end
  with another rubber band. This trapped the full nipple out in front of the
  sticks in a most painful way and like a ball tie, trapped the blood making
  the nipple engorge and swell. 
She then did the same with the left nipple and produced a small leather strap
  with which she proceeded to lightly whip each in turn. Once again I writhed
  in pain but pinned by her weight I could do nothing. 
Elaine then swung around and began to play with my cock. Gordon held my legs
  wide apart while Elaine produced a thin cord which she wrapped around the base
  of my cock and balls and tied it off tightly trapping the blood and keeping
  me hard. She then wrapped it around again several times but this time avoiding
  my cock and effectively tying the top of my ball sack which tightened the skin
  and trapped my balls in a tight bundle. She left enough cord to form an effective
  leash which when she pulled upward as she raised her body off my lower stomach.
  I was forced to raise my hips to stop the pain. She held me like this for no
  more than a minute as she lightly applied the leather thonged whip to the stretched
  skin. I begged her to stop but through the gag could make no real sound. 
Elaine then hopped off the bed, Gordon released my ankles and I was told to
  stand beside the bed. Elaine now addressed me as slave and her voice had a
  hard edge to it as she tugged at the leash, told me to stand facing Gordon
  and spread my legs. I did as I was told and Gordon fastened steel ankle cuffs
  to my ankles with a relatively short chain linking them and hobbling me. He
  then spun me around and pushed me face down on the bed and tightened the steel
  handcuffs on my wrists. He made a great play of handing both sets of keys to
  Elaine who smiled sweetly and clipped them to a gold chain around her neck
  before tugging again on the leash and demanding I follow her 
I followed her meekly down the hall to the garage where a real surprise awaited
  me. I saw leather cuffs hanging by ropes from the ring bolts in the rafters.
  I was made to stand directly below them and the cuffs were pulled down low,
  my hand cuffs were released and the leather cuffs strapped on each wrist. Once
  they were secured my upper arm ropes were released and I was forced to stand
  on tip toe as each rope was pulled forcing my arms straight up at slightly
  wider than shoulder width with my body stretched and on my toes. The ropes
  went directly up through the ring bolts and off to either side of the garage
  where they were tied off to two other ring bolts in either wall well out of
  my reach. Ropes were then attached to each ankle and they were pulled apart
  and secured to two more ring bolts set in the walls. 
Gordon then left, kissing Elaine and telling her to enjoy herself but not
  to allow the slave to escape as he may be bringing some friends home in a couple
  of hours. 
Every muscle in my naked body was now stretched and I was unable to even flinch
  away when Elaine stood in front of me aiming her nipple strap expertly at my
  right nipple. She drew back and let the strap go, causing me to scream behind
  my gag but unable to stop her as she drew the strap back once more. She struck
  again and then moved to my left trapped and swollen nipple massaged it to firmness
  and then repeated the strikes leaving me writhing in my bonds and rattling
  the chain which was still manacled to my spread ankles limiting my ability
  to spread my legs wider just as the ropes prevented me from closing them. 
Elaine allowed the pain to subside and then traced her hand down my body and
  brought my cock back to life. She covered my cock with a condom and then sucked
  and licked me to hardness and to the point of wanting release. My hips bucked
  as much as they could and a groan was stifled by my gag as she abruptly stopped
  and smiled at me, even stretching on to tip toe to kiss my cock gag. 
She then added a leather parachute to my ball torture, and added weights so
  that it pulled downward crushing my balls gently together and set it swinging
  between my spread eagled legs. 
She then stood and attached clamps to my already trapped and swollen nipples
  linked by a chain from which another weight hung and walked out of the garage
  saying Gordon will be back in an hour and you will hang until then and reflect
  on what has led you to this position. 
The door slammed and I began to try and get as comfortable as was possible
  given my bondage. If I stood on the tips of my outstretched toes I could just
  ease the pain in my wrists and arms from the suspension until the pain in my
  toes forced me to slump back to hanging from my wrists. Both movements brought
  fresh bursts of pain to my clamped nipples and compressed balls as they set
  the weights swinging. 
Sweat began to trickle down my arm pits and legs as I hung running my mind
  back over just how I had got myself into this position. I had been feeling
  cocky and totally in control of Elaine no more than a couple of hours earlier.
  I loved to be in control, to tease and play but now found myself humiliated
  in the extreme, naked, sore, invaded and strung up on display for Elaine and
  Gordon and maybe another couple of people who would strut into the garage like
  plantation owners and inspect every part of my body before deciding what they
  may like to do to me. 
It was now crystal clear that Elaine and Gordon had outsmarted me and enslaved
  me. That she and she alone had the power to decide my fate, that I was going
  to be whipped fucked and abused at her discretion and possibly given away at
  the end of the days game as a prize to her friends none of whom I knew but
  I guessed would not be strangers to BDSM and to tormenting a suitably helpless
  naked male. 
I would have been in this position for no more than a few minutes when I heard
  the garage door open and close quietly but no footsteps and try as I might
  I couldn't see who was there. I felt fingers tracing down my naked back and
  then slowly running up my inner thighs and gently tugging on the parachute
  before coming round to confront me. It was Elaine, she was naked but for a
  strap on dildo and clearly a little excited she moved to the side wall and
  undid the rope leading to my right wrist and allowed it to lower to waist height.
  The relief was intense and I was grateful as she did the same on the left side. 
I had no thoughts of escape as my ankles were still spread eagled apart by
  ropes and also manacled and chained. I concentrated simply on keeping my balance
  as she left the leather cuffs on my wrists but also crossed them behind my
  back and bound them securely with rope. She then moved behind me holding both
  wrist cuff ropes in her hand and hauled my crossed wrists into the air thus
  bending me over until my back was horizontal to the floor. She secured the
  rope through another eye bolt in the centre of the rafter to the back wall
  somewhere behind me and walked back to stand before me. 
She removed my gag and buckled a soft leather belt across the top of my chest
  but under my arms which were stretched up behind my back toward the rafters,
  she then tied a rope to the belt and secured it to the rafters straight above
  the belt. This supported my upper body and to some degree relieved the strain
  on my shoulders. When she stood before me now my mouth brushed her sex and
  I began to lick and suck her like a conditioned animal. Once she was satisfied
  she walked to my rear and penetrated me with the strap on dildo, long hard
  thrusts that moved my whole body bringing fresh pain to my weighted bound nipples
  and balls. It was obvious that in less than ten minutes Gordon would be back
  with some friends who would be able to join this game. 
However when she finished she undid the leather belt and stood me upright
  in my bonds before setting about to retie me by undoing the rope on my wrists,
  reconnecting the leather cuffs to the rafter ropes and hauling my once again
  separated wrists into the air so that I was on my toes and properly displayed
  as she said I would be for their friends. 
Within ten minutes a car horn sounded and Elaine switched off the lights and
  opened the garage roller door. It was dusk and I felt the draft on my naked
  body before the car drove in and the door was closed. 
The car parked beside me and to my horror not only Gordon but another couple
  emerged to hug and kiss Elaine before turning their attention to me. The man
  was large and introduced to me as Terry, the Woman was also big with gorgeous
  tits and blond hair. She was introduced as Pauline. They both ran their hands
  over my body and slapped my nipples to check the effect. I could see Elaine
  smiling in the background at my predicament. 
The two then said they needed to get changed and disappeared up the hall to
  emerge a few moments later with him leading her by a dog leash attached to
  a chain linking two the clamps on her nipples. She was completely naked and
  he was bare chested with a massive cock straining inside a soft leather posing
  pouch, leather chaps and a leather half mask. They both looked magnificent
  my cock stirred despite the leather bindings around it and the parachute. 
Terry put a cushion on the ground in front of me and told Pauline to kneel
  on it which she did. Her mouth was now directly in front of my cock and Elaine
  was fondling me while removing the parachute and bindings on my cock and balls
  but replacing the parachute and weights when she finished, by this time I was
  rock hard and oozing pre cum. Elaine laughed and pulled a flavoured condom
  onto my prick. Terry then holding Pauline by the hair forced her to take my
  cock and commanded that she keep sucking until told to stop. 
Terry then stepped back to watch the spectacle and stripped completely to
  reveal an enormous cock which Elaine fondled while she drew a lubricated condom
  on to it. He then disappeared behind me and my worst fears were realised when
  his large hands seized my hips either side and he began to force his hard cock
  into me. I gasped and struggled to no avail as I was stretched and impaled
  on his massive cock. 
Elaine meantime whipped my swollen nipples while smiling at me and asking
  me what it was like to be a true slave and suggesting that my mouth which she
  was kissing hard would also soon be made available for whatever use the guests
  required. I abandoned all hope and rode the sensation as I came within my condom
  in Pauline's mouth. I was now truly a slave and could not believe the power
  of my own shattering release which was obvious to Gordon and Elaine who congratulated
  themselves on capturing and breaking in a good new slave for their group. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick Green


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





