BDSM Library - Brian




Brian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I run to my friends house for a game of poker but am overpowered, enslaved and torturedBrian rang me and suggested I come over early in the morning for a game of poker,
  we both liked cards and liked to gamble. I asked who else was playing and if
  we were playing for money and he said there would be three or four of us and
  we would be playing for a prize but would not be drawn on what the prize was. 
I agreed to be there at 8am and jogged over arriving hot and sweating at exactly
  8.02. Brian opened the door in his dressing gown and told me I was late as
  he invited me in and told me to take a shower. 
The shower was in his on-suite and so I made my way to the bedroom stripped
  and went into the shower, I was surprised to hear the shower door open behind
  me just as I was washing my hair, I had my eyes closed and could not open them
  for the soap when I felt my wrists grabbed pulled behind me and handcuffed. 
My immediate reaction was to clear my face of the soap and turn to face my
  attacker but I was pushed against the shower wall and rope was being wrapped
  around my arms behind my back above the elbow and pulled very tight forcing
  my elbows toward each other and leaving me completely helpless. 
More rope was then used to link the hand cuffs to the rope on my upper arms
  cinching every thing very tight and lifting my shackled wrists up the middle
  of my back. I now felt very vulnerable and asked Brian what the fuck he thought
  he was doing. There was no reply but a thick condom covered cock gag was forced
  down my throat and buckled tightly around my head. I was reduced to shaking,
  flexing my muscles and gurgling behind my gag. 
Brian then turned off the shower and turned me round to face him grabbed each
  of my out thrust nipples between thumb and forefinger and squeezed and rolled
  them producing pain like fire which lanced through my chest. I gurgled frantically
  as he calmly told me that I was now nothing more or less than his slave. That
  I would be kept naked, that the poker didn't start until 12noon when two of
  his friends were due, that they, like him were gay masters and that I was to
  be the prize. 
I tried to push my way out of the shower past him but he easily blocked me
  dropped to his knees and grabbed my balls. I parted my legs and froze realising
  he had the whip hand in every way. He attached a leather parachute with weights
  and a leash and the stood and gently tugged the leash which forced my balls
  together in a crushing motion and sent deeper waves of pain through my body. 
I realised he had me by the balls completely and listened to him as he told
  me to kneel on the bath mat and wait while he showered. I did as I was told
  and when he emerged noted that he had soap suds still dripping from his cock
  and balls. He followed my eyes and laughed saying here is your first task,
  you will lick me clean and do it well any mistake will be noted and add to
  the punishments I intend to put you through before my friends arrive. 
By the time I had finished licking him to his satisfaction my tongue and mouth
  tasted of soap, he hauled me to my feet and forced me back into the shower.
  I protested but quickly stopped when he said. That's one!! A reference no doubt
  to a future punishment for my outburst. 
He explained that there was three hours to go before his friends arrived and
  in those three hours he intended to teach me via punishment torture and humiliation
  just how to behave and what to expect when ever I was given to one of his friends
  or indeed won by one of them and officially handed over as a chattel to become
  the personal property of that man. 
He assured me I would initially be displayed for all three dangling by my
  wrists from ring bolts he had put into the roof struts in his garage, my ankles
  would be spread by a spreader bar and my toes just able to touch the ground
  to give some relief to my wrists when I chose, but in this position every muscle
  in my body was stretched, exposed and available for massage or whipping at
  the whim of any one of the three men. 
While he continued to describe my predicament punctuated by stifled protests
  from my self each noted with a number, he thoroughly washed my body inside
  and out using his long fingers and explaining all the while that his friends
  always wore condoms but liked to ensure their captive was properly cleaned
  before they played with the hapless victim of their lust. 
He then marched me out of the shower and dried me thoroughly he replaced the
  ropes on my upper arms with bondage tape which he pulled even tighter than
  the rope but at least the tape did not cut into the skin to the same degree.
  Likewise the cuffs were also replaced with tape and the same rope used to cinch
  the two together forcing my taped wrists well up my back and clear of my naked
  arse. I was utterly helpless and my nipples were thrust out and hard. 
He replaced my gag saying that he now needed to punish me for a number of
  my transgressions against his rules including being 2 minutes late. He produced
  a pair of vicious nipples clamps and clamped them on to the very tips of my
  nipples. The pain was instant and exquisite and he smiled as he looked into
  my eyes and I gurgled through my gag. 
He then pushed me onto the bed and swung up my legs, crossed my ankles and
  taped them together, he forced me to lie on my stomach and then proceeded to
  paddle my backside with continuous heavy blows. 
I squirmed and at one stage tried to role over to ease the fire rising in
  my buttocks but his scream of 14 had me quickly back on my front screaming
  silently into my gag as the heat continued to rise. 
When he finished he rolled me effortlessly on to my back and looked fondly
  down at me while removing my nipple clamps which allowed the blood to flow
  back into them repeating the original pain and then massaging them back to
  their erect state. 
He then produced a very small thin whippy cane which he lay across my right
  nipple, holding it firmly against my chest below the nipple and then bent back
  the top with his thumb and let go. The cane flicked back sharply directly across
  my hardened nipple, delivering the blow to the very middle of the nipple itself.
  The pain shot through my tit bringing tears to my eyes as I flailed about,
  screaming into my gag but unable to touch in any way my throbbing nipple. 
He looked very closely into my eyes and I thought I even detected some sympathy
  as he lined up my left nipple for the same treatment. I screamed at him to
  have mercy and rolled over only to hear 15!!! As he rolled me effortlessly
  back and sat on me as he readied his cane. Once again I watched him draw back
  the tip and then let it go 
Once again I writhed in pain as he got off me and the bed and allowed me to
  flail about in my agony. Once my breathing returned to normal he stripped himself
  naked and climbed onto the bed with me. He massaged my nipples and my cock
  which was by now erect with desire for this man who had so dominated and subjugated
  me. 
I glanced at the clock which showed 9.30am. I had two and a half hours to
  convince Brian to free me from my slavery before his friends arrived and I
  became a play thing for all of them and a prise for the winner. I hated to
  think of the kinds of punishments they may wish to visit on a naked captured
  slave presented to them for their uninhibited enjoyment. 
I began to kiss Brian with passion and quickly moved despite my bondage to
  kiss and lick every part of his body. I was desperate to please him and judging
  by his sighs was having some effect. So when after half an hour he rolled off
  the bed and began to unstrap my ankles I thought I had won. 
I thanked him but received no reply nor did he release my arms or wrists and
  when he grabbed my ankle and flipped me onto my stomach I realised I was mistaken
  as each ankle was severely roped to the bottom corners of the bed, spreading
  my legs and opening my arse. 
He pointed out that my punishment points had now reached 20 and as such he
  may have to share the whip with his mates but that we would see to all that
  once I was dangling from his garage rafters. 
In the mean time he intended to rape me with a dildo and then but plug me.
  he showed me both as he forced my upper body onto my side re-attached the nipple
  clamps and lay beside me with one leg straddling mine. He kissed me and watched
  me struggle to make no sound as he repeatedly raped me with the dildo. He the
  rammed a large but plug into me until my sphincter clamped on the narrow end
  holding it firmly in place. 
The paddling then started once again and I buried my face in the pillow to
  contain my cries as the heat flooded through my cheeks. The pain was real but
  nothing compared to the lancing pain of the nipple caning which now throbbed
  under the clamps. 
He then left the bedroom saying I may wish to get some sleep as his friends
  were due in an hour and a half and he needed to phone them to tell them about
  me in case they had any particular devices or implements they wished to bring
  and use on me. I sobbed as I listened to him describing my state of helplessness
  and punishments delivered thus far, to each one on the telephone and I even
  thought I heard him say to one that a mini van would be ideal as he can be
  hogtied on the floor for the journey. I assumed this to be about how that man
  would take me away if he was the winner this afternoon. 
My position of total helplessness throbbing tits and plugged arse got to me
  and as I lay on my cock I came despite myself and then lay very still pretending
  to be asleep knowing that discovery of my act of self release would not please
  Brian and would probably double the punishments I had already earned on the
  whipping frame. 
I heard Brian re enter the room and a rattle of chains, I continued to pretend
  to be asleep. I felt him untie the ropes on my left ankle and replace them
  with a cold metal shackle attached to a chain which he used to pull my leg
  toward the centre of the bed, he the untied the right ankle pulled it nearer
  the centre and a second shackle clicked into place. 
He then flipped me onto my back and told me to sit up, my pretence was over
  and the evidence of my transgression was in humiliatingly plain sight, with
  come on the sheet and my lower belly and flaccid cock. 
Brian went into a cold rage and told me to get off the bed. I did as I was
  bid and stood very still while he washed and wiped my body and then set about
  cleaning the sheet. He said he was going to leave me tied and shackled to rest
  before my coming ordeal with his friends but that I had now changed all that,
  my punishment score of 20 had trebled to 60 and that he would now personally
  punish me first. 
I looked down at my shackled ankles and the strong chain that ran between
  them, I could walk with short steps but not run and even if I could rid myself
  of the harsh bindings on my upper arms and wrists I would still need a key
  to be able to escape. My thoughts were interrupted as he forced a cock gag
  back into my mouth and strapped it very tightly, he produced the nipple cane
  and I flinched involuntarily but he just bent to re-attach the dreaded parachute
  complete with weights and then led me shuffling to his garage. 
Once there I saw the leather cuffs hanging by ropes from the ring bolts in
  the rafters. I was made to stand directly below them and the cuffs were pulled
  down low, my wrist tape was cut and the cuffs strapped on each wrist. My upper
  arm tape was also cut and I was forced to stand on tip toe as each rope was
  pulled forcing my arms straight up at slightly wider than shoulder width with
  my body stretched and on my toes. The ropes were tied off to two other ring
  bolts in either wall well out of my reach. Ropes were then attached to each
  ankle and they were pulled apart and secured to two more ring bolts set in
  the walls. 
Every muscle in my plugged naked body was now stretched and I was unable to
  even flinch away when Brian stood in front of me aiming his nipple cane expertly
  at my right nipple. He drew back and let the cane go, causing me to scream
  behind my gag but unable to stop him as he drew the tip back once more. He
  struck again and then moved to my left nipple massaged it to firmness and then
  repeated the strikes leaving me writhing in my bonds and rattling the chain
  which was still manacled to my spread ankles limiting my ability to spread
  my legs wider just as the ropes prevented me from closing them. 
Brian allowed the pain to subside and massaged my nipples back to hardness
  and then traced his hand down my body and brought my cock back to life. He
  then sucked and licked me to hardness and to the point of wanting release.
  My hips bucked as much as they could and a groan was stifled by my gag as he
  abruptly stopped and added a couple of weights to the parachute on my balls
  and set it swinging between my spread eagled legs. He then stood and attached
  clamps to my nipples linked by a chain from which another weight hung, he then
  walked out of the garage saying they will be here in an hour and you will hang
  until then and reflect on what has led you to this position. 
The door slammed and I began to try and get as comfortable as was possible
  given my bondage. If I stood on the tips of my outstretched toes I could just
  ease the pain in my wrists and arms from the suspension until the pain in my
  toes forced me to slump back to hanging from my wrists. Both movements brought
  fresh bursts of pain to my clamped nipples and compressed balls as they set
  the weights swinging. 
Sweat began to trickle down my arm pits and legs as I hung running my mind
  back over just how I had got myself into this position. I had been feeling
  cocky as I jogged around to Brian's just three hours ago. I was proud of my
  body and working to improve it and welcomed the opportunity to strip off in
  his bedroom, secretly I was looking forward to flirting with his friends and
  showing off my skill at poker. I loved to be in control, to tease and play
  but now found myself humiliated in the extreme, naked, sore, invaded and strung
  up on display for these same men who would strut into the garage like plantation
  owners and inspect every part of my body before deciding what they may like
  to do to me. 
It was now crystal clear that Brian had outsmarted me and enslaved me. That
  he and he alone had the power to decide my fate, that I was going to be whipped
  fucked and abused at his discretion and possibly given away at the end of the
  days game as a prise to his friends none of whom I knew but from listening
  to Brian's phone conversation all of whom had various forms of equipment and
  were no strangers to tormenting a suitably helpless naked male. 
I would have been in this position for no more than a few minutes when I heard
  the garage door open and close quietly but no footsteps and try as I might
  I couldn't see who was there. I felt fingers tracing down my naked back and
  then slowly removing my but plug before coming round to confront me. It was
  Brian, he was naked and clearly a little excited he moved to the side wall
  and undid the rope leading to my right wrist and allowed it to lower to waist
  height. The relief was intense and I was grateful as he did the same on the
  left side. 
I had no thoughts of escape as my ankles were still spread eagled apart by
  ropes and also manacled and chained. I concentrated simply on keeping my balance
  as he left the leather cuffs on my wrists but also crossed them behind my back
  and bound them securely with bondage tape. He then moved behind me holding
  both wrist cuff ropes in his hand and hauled my crossed wrists into the air
  thus bending me over until my back was horizontal to the floor. He secured
  the rope to the back wall somewhere behind me and walked back to stand before
  me. 
He removed my gag and buckled a soft leather belt across the top of my chest
  but under my arms which were stretched up behind my back toward the rafters,
  he the tied a rope to the belt and secured it to the rafters straight above
  the belt. This supported my upper body and to some degree relieved the strain
  on my shoulders. When he stood before me now my mouth brushed his condom covered
  cock and I began to lick and suck him like a conditioned animal. Once he was
  hard he walked to my rear and penetrated me with long hard thrusts that moved
  my whole body bringing fresh pain to my weighted tits and balls. It was obvious
  that in less than ten minutes his friends would be able to join this game. 
However when he finished he undid the leather belt and stood me upright in
  my bonds before setting about to retie me by slashing the tape on my wrists,
  re-cuffing me and hauling my wrists into the air once again so that I was on
  my toes and properly displayed as he said I would be for his 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick Green


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





