BDSM Library - Jess the Maid




Jess the Maid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jess the Maid comes in and finds her employer and wife being dominated by a black hooker.  She decides why not her.
Jess The Maid

Jess, 45, had been the Hampton black family maid for over 5 years now.  They
were a rich family with two teenage daughters and a teenage son.  They had
always treated her as a household servant.  Get this, get that, clean this, etc. 
She was getting tired of their pity ways.

One evening, she came back to get her paycheck she had forgotten.  The kids were
still in high school and the door was locked so she just let herself in quietly. 
As she entered the main room, she could hear some noises coming from the
upstairs bedroom with John and Mary Hampton normally slept.  The noises were
very strange so she decided to go up and see if they were in any trouble.  Not
that it really mattered to her; but maybe a raise was in store if she could
assist.  The noises were turning to pleas for mercy as she got closer and
someone was yelling.  She slowly cracked the door open.

John and Mary was both naked crawling on the floor and a young black lady was
following them using a large paddle on their white asses as they crawled.

"Next time, you better pay my bill on time or I'll expose your secret to the
whole neighbor," she yelled down at them.  "You wimps.  You love it don't you. 
Crawling around like little piggies while I spanked you fat asses.  Well next
month, you will pay me double.  Do you understand?"

"Yes mamm," both exclaimed still crawling on the floor with their red asses
swaying from side to side.

"I got to go for my next appointment; but the check better be there tomorrow,"
the woman continued.

The woman dropped the paddle on the floor and turned towards the door as Jess
scrambled to get down the hall and slip into her own room.  She could hear the
door slam nearby and just stood there thinking about what she had just witness. 
She had masturbated many nights imaging what it would be like to do what she had
just seen and to think they were actually paying for it.  She could hear the
couple walking out.

"Ohhh.  My ass is sore," John was saying.

"Yes, but it sure was worth it," Mary replied.  "Pay her extra next time dear."

Jess listened as they went downstairs and slowly came out of her room and
slipped out the house.  All the rest of the day, she thought about the events
and how she wished it could have been her.  She masturbated on the images three
times that night.  She had to do it even if she lost her job.

The next morning, she arrived at the Hampton's house at the usual time watching
the kids getting on the bus as she arrived.  She entered and found no one
downstairs so she went to the kitchen and made her a cup of coffee and sat down. 
She was still thinking about it, when she noticed Mary enter the kitchen dressed
only in her short nightgown.

"Jess get me a cup of coffee.  I have a headache."  Mary said barely paying her
any attention.

"Get you own damn coffee you slut," Jess yelled up.

She was stunned by her own words she spoke and noticed Mary was as taken back as
she was.  She started to get up and explain quickly, but noticed that Mary
immediately turned red and started for the coffee pot.   She decided to push her
luck.  After all, she had nothing to lose now.

"Stop slut," she yelled.  "I don't think you deserve a cup of coffee.  Remove
that robe and crawl over here and kiss my feet and beg for it."

Mary turned towards her.  Her face was totally flushed and anger showed for a
moment but then Jess noticed her pause undecided.

"I said crawl your big ass over here and kiss my foot," Jess yelled again.

Half expecting to get told to get out, Jess was stunned to watch Mary drop the
robe from her shoulders and get down on her hands and knees.  Slowly she started
crawling over to where Jess was sitting at the table as Jess placed her foot out
awaiting her arrival.  When Mary got there, she immediately dropped her face
down to Jess foot and Jess could feel her mouth planting kisses on the top of
it.  She sat back enjoying the control of the situation and dreaming of more.

"May I have a cup of coffee mistress," Mary asked in a whisper as she kept
kissing her foot.

"No you may not slut," Jess yelled down.  "And for making me bring it to you all
these years, I'm going to have to beat that big ass of yours.  Get over my lap
now!"

Jess watched Mary slowly rise, face still red.  She grab her arm and helped
pushed her on her lap.  Roughly, she grabbed her huge ass globe positioning her
till she was centered and enjoyed the sight of her white bum on her lap at her
mercy.

"Twenty five should be enough for now you slut.  You better count and thank me
for each or you'll get more."  She told her.

She brought her hand down hard on her right cheek as Mary gasped and yelled one
and then thanked her.  Her own cunt was getting wet at the sight as she brought
the next and the next on her big butt.  Several times Mary forgot to count or
thank her as her voice was strained in pain and Jess gave her five more for each
time she forgot.  By the end, Mary was in tears and begging to be a good slut
for her mistress.

Jesses help her get off her lap enjoying the red marks she had placed across her
butt.

"Get on your knees slut.  It's time you thank your mistress properly."  She
announced.

As Mary got down, Jess raised her dress and slowly lowered her panties enjoying
the look of surprise on Mary face.

"Get that mouth of yours in here now and get me off slut," she demanded down at
her former boss.  "You got 5 minutes or it's across my lap again."

She felt Mary tongue slide between her pussy hairs finding her cunt and felt the
lapping on her clit.  Her tongue was working up and down her clit as she tried
to maintain her balance enjoying the feeling.  As she felt she was about to cum,
she demanded she shove her tongue inside her cunt hole and fucked her with it. 
It was all that was needed as she quickly came, grabbing Mary by the top of her
hair rubbing her set clit all over her face.

"Not bad for starters slut," she said, letting loose of her hair.  "Now you can
kiss my ass and beg for your cup of coffee."

Mary crawled around her back as Jess felt her plant several kisses on her butt
cheeks and asking mistress if slut could have a cup.

"Not on my cheek slut.  Kiss my asshole." she yelled.

Mary immediately started pecking at her asshole with her lips as Jess let her
continued for awhile before telling her she could get a cup.

"Where is that wimp you call a husband slut," she demanded.

"He is still in bed mistress," Mary replied, still on her knees on the floor.

Jess reached down grabbing each of Mary nipples between her forefingers and
thumb pulling them forward and twisting them roughly.

"Get your cup and drink it on the floor," Jess yelled down.  "I'm going to have
to beat some white guy ass this morning and you'll better be down there when I
return.  From now on bitch, your ass is now the maid of this house and you
better please me. Is that understood?"

"Yes mistress," Mary meekly replied below as Jess started walking out the room. 
Her cunt was on fire from her domination of Mary and she couldn't stop now.  She
didn't know if John was going to be as easy but it was worth every effort to
find out.  She practically ran up the stairs she was so excited.

As she entered the room, she saw John lying asleep on the bed.  Mary had pulled
the covers off and his white ass was the first thing she noticed as she walked
on in.  She quietly walked to the side and lean back bringing her hand down as
hard as she could on his butt.

Owwwlwlwlwlll.

John nearly jumped off the bed in pain and surprise.

What the hellllll.

Jess reached down and grabbed his limp cock in her hand and squeezed as hard as
she could as John whine out in pain trying to get her hand off.

"Listen good you cocksucker," she yelled.  "Get your ass in that shower now and
wash off.  You have five minutes to be back here over my lap or next time I'll
break it off."

She released it as John grabbed it in pain nearly jumping off the bed heading
for the shower.  She smiled as she watched his ass swaying to each side in his
haste.  Boy it was going to be fun spanking that butt she thought sitting on the
side of the bed. 

"Hurry up wimp," she yelled as loud as she could.

Jess reached down rubbing her clit as she heard the shower running in the
bathroom.  It had been too easy and she wasn't going to let the chance slip now. 
She quit as soon as the shower stopped and tried to sit as stern as she could on
the bed.

John opened the door standing there with a large hard on.

"Get your butt over here you wimp.  I'm going to show you who is boss in this
house now.  Your wife has already learned her lesson."  She yelled at him.

John meekly walked over.  His cock was sticking straight out and swaying
sideways.  Jess knew he was so horny; he would do anything she asked of him at
present.  She wasted no time as he arrived, grabbing his cock and tugging it to
get him over her lap.

"Now you cocksucker.  You are going to get the beating of your life.  Take
this."  She told him.

Slap.  Slap.  Slap.

John screamed out in pain.

Slap.  Slap. Slap.

"Who's the mistress in this house wimp," Jess yelled down slapping his ass
rapidly without breaks? 

"You mistress," John yelled.  No more please.  Mistress."

Slap, slap, slap.

John ass was wigging wildly over her lap as she felt his cock between her thighs
dripping cum.

Slap.  Slap.

"Does my little wimp boy want to cum," she demanded?

"Please mistress.  Owwlllll.  Yes mistress," John yelled.

"Tough shit wimp," Jess yelled.  "You only cum with my permission.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes mistress," John yelled as the slaps were getting beyond his pain level.

Jess roughly pushed him off her lap and watched as he yelled in pain as his red
ass hit the floor below.

"Lick your cum off my thighs," she demanded.

John quickly got up and crawled forward lapping his cum off Jess large thighs.

"You are going to be doing a lot of lapping if you can't control that little
dick of yours wimp," she said.

"Yes mistress," John cried out between licks.  "I'll do better mistress."

Jess reached down and slapped his face with her palm.

"You better wimp if you know what's good for you.  Now turn around and crawl
down to the kitchen, pig."  Jess demanded.  "I have some rules for two of you to
follow from now on or feel my hand on your big white asses."

John immediately got on all fours and started crawling as Jess got up following. 
She followed behind kicking his ass with her foot as he tried desperately to get
down the stairs without falling head first.  Sweat was pouring down his face by
the time he got down and headed on.

As they entered, Mary was sitting bare ass on the cold tile kitchen floor
drinking her coffee.  Jess could tell she had been rubbing her clit by how open
and wet it was.

"Get that wooden spoon out the drawer slut," Jess yelled at Mary.

She pressed her foot down on John head forcing it to the floor.

"Spread that white ass of yours wimp.  I been wanted to do this for some time."
she yelled. 

She grabbed the wooded spoon from Mary as she arrived and smiled as she saw the
puckered ring of his asshole all spread for whatever she wanted.  She got behind
him and pushed the end of it roughly in John asshole as he screamed in pain and
panic.  She pulled it out several more times and shoved it farther in with each
push enjoying his ass humping as it entered.

"Stay put wimp," Jess yelled down.  "If you move I'll shove it in and out that
asshole of yours till it goes all the way up it.  And stop that whining of
yours.  Your butt better get used to things being shoved up it fast before I
decide to put larger objects in it."

"Yes mistress," John whispered in pain trying to adjust to the large wooden
spoon handle in his asshole.

She saw Mary just standing there stunned and glowing in lust looking at poor
John below.  Her hand was on her clit as she was stroking it for all it was
worth.

"Slut pour me a cup of coffee and bring it to me now!"  Jess commanded.

Mary jumped at the command and hastened over to the coffee pot and poured a cup. 
She walked over being careful not to drop any as cum rolled down her thighs.

Jess took the cup from her.

"Get down there slut and shove that spoon in and out the wimp ass while I sit
here and enjoy my coffee.  I'll take care of your ass for playing with your cunt
later." Jess warned her.

Mary immediately got down and crawled over to John.  Grabbing the spoon, she
started shoving it in and out his asshole as John moaned and cried out in pain
begging for his wife to be gentle.  Mary; however, was so excited there was no
way she was going to take it slow and increased the pace.

"Keep that ass spread wimp for your fucking;" Jess yelled rubbing her own clit
as she watched John squirming in pain on the floor below.  She watched till her
coffee cup was empty and she was close to cumming herself.

"Stop," she demanded to Mary.

"Crawl here and lick my clit wimp.  You better do a good job or I'll shove that
roller up your asshole next.  Don't let that spoon fall out of your ass if you
know what is good for you."  She demanded.

She watched him crawl over with the spoon end still sticking out and his tongue
immediately diving into her bushy wet clit.  She grabbed his hair roughly to
keep him pinned down below.  She moaned in delight by his tongue action on her
clitty.

"Get up slut," she demanded of Mary.  "Since you were playing with your cunt
without permission, its time for your punishment.  Get the spatula over there
and the broom from the wall.  Move it slut."

Mary got up and ran getting the broom and the spatula.

"Now slut," Jess moaned in delight between John licks.  "Shove that broom handle
up your ass.   You are going to parade around the kitchen with it up your butt
while you slap your cunt with the spatula for being bad."

She noticed Mary hesitated and yelled louder for her to do it.

Mary reached back and pushed the handle up her ass slowly till she felt it was
as fall as she could stand it.  She reached down and slapped her cunt with the
spatula and yelled in pain.

"I said walk around bitch," Jess yelled.  "I want to see you fuck and beat at
the same time.  Move it."

Mary started trying to walk holding the handle in her butt and slapping her
cunt.  After several slaps, she tried to hit with less force but Jess yelled at
her to slap it hard.

Jess came at the sight of the white woman spanking her own pussy and fucking her
ass at the same time.  She was whining as she walked with her butt swaying madly
in back.  She felt herself getting close to cumming again and demanded John
shove his tongue deep in her cunt while she rubbed her clit.

She yelled out as she came on his tongue.

"Nice bitch," Jess told John still lapping at her cunt like the dog her was. 
"Get up bitch."

John rose slowly finding it difficult to stand up with the spoon still shove up
his butt.  As soon as he was up, Jess patted his ass cheek.

"Better go call that boss of yours bitch and tell him you have a family
emergency at home and can't come to work today.  Now hurry up," Jess laughed.

John quickly ran out the room as Jess admired the sight of his ass swaying
through the doorway.  She was going to have so much fun with it today.  She
looked over at Mary still parading around.    She noticed she was shoving the
broom handle farther and farther up her ass now.

"Time to quit playing with your ass cunt," she yelled.  "Put that broom back up
and get an apron from the drawer.  You have work to do."

Mary pulled the broom slowly from her asshole and placed it back up on the wall. 
Quickly she went to the drawer and picked an apron from inside.

"Now put it on cunt," Jess demanded, "and start cleaning these dishes.  Hurry
up."

Mary put the apron on and started running around the kitchen picking up left
over dishes and putting them in the sink for washing.  John had returned and
immediately fell on his knees in front of Jess awaiting her next command.

Jess patted his head like a dog who had done good.

"Pull that spoon from your butt bitch," she demanded, "and get the duster from
the closet over there.  You have the job this morning of dusting all the table
tops with your butt.  Isn't that exciting?"

"Yes mistress," John replied, quickly pulling the spoon out and running to the
closet to get the duster which he slowly inserted back up his ass.  His cock was
dripping on the tile floor as he made his way walking like a duck out the room
to the living area.

She watched Mary finishing the dishes and wanted to use the bitch good today for
all the work she had given her to do through the years.

"Get on the floor bitch and clean it with your tongue," she demanded.

"But mistress," Mary replied, "there's cum and dirt."

Jess immediately got up and strolled over to Mary and grabbed her arm turning
her around and slapped her ass with all her might.  Mary jump in pain as Jess
slapped her ass again before she reached the ground.

"Now down slut and lap that floor," she demanded.

She gave Mary a kick in the ass as she got down sending her flat on the tile
below to ensure she got the message.

"That floor better be shining by the time I get back," she shouted.

Jess walked out to the living area.  She was dying to see John's butt swinging
from side to side cleaning the tables.  If only she knew this earlier, she could
have been in luxury all these years.  She sat on the sofa admiring his white
tail swinging as he cleared the table and bent backwards to dust them.  She knew
he would do anything she demanded now as she saw his cock straining trying to
get some relief.  She wanted to go over there and tug on it but thought better. 
If he came, he would not be so easy to control so she laid back and started
rubbing her cunt thinking of what she could do later with it.  The older kids
would be back later that evening and she knew she had to have everything in
total control before they arrived.  She took a short nap.

She awoke to the feeling of her toes being licked and looked down to see both
Mary and John licking each foot.  She knew she was now in full control seeing
how submissive they were while she had slept.  Knowing they could have got away
or did something else.

"Do my sluts what to come?" She requested enjoying their tongues between her
toes.

"Yes mistress," both pleaded.

"Too bad," she replied smiling at their looks of desperation and disappointment. 
She turned over on her stomach.

"Slut," she demanded.  "You may have the honor of licking my ass while bitch boy
here makes me a drink.  Start by working teasing it with that wagging tongue of
yours and then start working it inside dear."

Jess felt Mary tongue circling her anus as she relaxed it enjoying the feeling. 
John was back in a flash with her drink as she made him sit by the sofa holding
it as she took sips and enjoying Mary tongue action in her butt.

"Your whore is good at licking ass, bitch boy," she told him.  "I think she has
found her calling.  Tell her to where her tongue belongs."

John started yelling at Mary to lick faster and call her a natural asslicker. 
Jess could tell Mary was getting off on the name calling as her tongue was
working in and out her asshole much faster as she enjoyed the sensations back
there.

"Bitch boy," she told John.  "Get back there and shove that little dick of yours
up the slut ass.  You are not allowed to fuck it.  Only to shove it up and hold
it there.  I want to hear the slut beg for her ass fucking."

John immediately got up and crawled behind Mary and started working his cock up
her asshole.  Mary tongue was deep in Jess asshole as she withdrew it begging
Jess to let him fuck her ass.

"Louder fuck face," she yelled at Mary, wiggling her ass sideways on Mary face
as she begged and begged.

"Not good enough slut," Jess said reaching back and shoving Mary face deep in
her ass again.

"Pull your cock out of her ass boy," she yelled.  "Now come over here and bend
over."

John moaned in despair as he withdrew from Mary asshole and walked over bending
over in front of Jess.

"Slut," Jess demanded.  "Get up and lick his asshole and tugged on that wimp
cock of his.  If he comes, he will get his ass whipped if he doesn't you will. 
You have one minute to get him off."

Mary immediately jumped up and got down on her knees behind John and drove her
tongue in and out his ass.  Her hand had grabbed his cock from between his legs
and was stroking it for all it was worth.  Jess smiled seeing John desperately
trying to hold off but in less than 20 seconds, he came, shooting his cum on the
carpet below.

Jess got up from the sofa.

"Naughty boy," she said.  "Now get on all fours and clean that mess.  Slut get
me that shoe over there."

Mary ran over grabbing the shoe as John was on all fours licking his cum.  Jess
started slapping his ass as hard as she could with it calling him wimp and
cocksucker.  By the time, she was satisfied; John ass was red on both cheeks.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





