BDSM Library - Back to Neighbors




Back to Neighbors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother finds book of older women being dominated in her son bed.  When told it came from the neighbor's daughter, she decides to go over and tell on her.  Unfortunately, for her.
Back to Neighbors

Donna was mad as hell as she first scanned the magazine she had found under her
son's bed.  It was a bdsm magazine with older ladies being dominated in all
possible ways you could imagine.  As she continued to ponder through it, she
found herself being aroused with the thought and crept back to her room and
masturbated till she came.  She had been a single mother for over 10 years and
it felt so good as she climaxed reading through the novels and admiring the
pictures.  Excited or not, he was going to pay the price for reading such
materials.  She decided in the meantime, she would just keep the mag in her
closet.

That night when Rob came home from school, she immediately jumped all over him. 
He stammered and tried to cover the truth but she finally got it out of him. 
Her neighbor daughter Linda had given it to him.  At first, she refused to
believe him till he told her others she had shown him and where she kept them.

Donna told him he was grounded and to go do his homework while she took care of
the matter.  She immediately stormed out the house and into the neighbor's yard. 
She was going to tell Linda mother Beth about this and get that young girl what
she desired.  She ranged the bell and then pounded on the door as no one
answered.

Finally, the door crack and she saw Linda peeking out.

"Young lady is your mother here," she commanded?

"She gone to the store," Linda replied.

"How long will she be back," Donna demanded impatience?

"Maybe an hour or two," Linda replied again.  "Come back then."

Donna was getting mad at the teenager attitude and look.  The door was still
slightly cracked and she wasn't going to wait any longer.  She reached out and
pushed the door ajar almost knocking Linda to the floor.

"Well I guess I'll have to talk to you young lady," she yelled entering the
house.  She walked over to the nearest chair and immediately sat down.  She
glanced up at the teen standing there with her hands on her hips.

"I saw the magazine you gave Rob and I came over to tell your mother about it. 
I'm sure she will find it quite interesting.   I suspect you are in for quite a
punishment tonight young lady."  She continued.

"Oh, you must mean the old prune mag," Linda smirked back.  "Did it get his
little weenie hard," she smiled?

Donna was stunned by the girl reply and calmness.  The little tramp.  Her temper
was really peaked at the moment.  She jumped up from the chair and grabbed Linda
by the wrist before the girl could react.

"Hell with your mother, I'm going to give you a spanking my self, you
................."

She never got the last word out as she felt a horrible pain under her dress in
her crotch.  Linda had reached underneath and grabbed her cunt hairs in a
furious grip pulling them downward in a hard motion.  She yelled in pain,
releasing the girl wrist and trying to grab her cunt.  As she did so, she felt a
hard punch in her gut bending her over in agony as her cunt hairs were mostly
pulled out as Linda jerked them as she bent.

"Ohhhh, she yelled," grabbing her cunt and stomach.

She had only seconds to react as the girl grabbed her hair by twisted it roughly
and holding her head down in her she bent over position.

"We'll see whose gong to beat whose ass," Linda yelled from above as she felt
her dress being lifted from behind and thrown up over her waist.

She tried to reach back to pull it down when she felt a knee in her gut area
causing her to scream out in pain and grab her stomach again.  The grip on her
hair was holding her firmly in position so she could move but slightly.  She
felt Linda fingernails scrap her buttocks as her panties were jerked down below
her ample butt.

"No," she yelled up as she felt the first slap on her ass.

Her ass cheek shook with the blow as she moaned in pain.  Then another blow
followed afterwards and another as she tried to get away only to have her hair
being pulled roughly up by the root.

"Stop," she yelled.  "Ohhhhhhh...."

Linda was showing no mercy as she slapped her ass as hard as she could.   Donna
was not only in pain but totally humiliated at being dominated so easy by the
girl.  Tears rolled down her face as the pain quickly was becoming unbearable. 
Soon her yells was becoming pleas for the girl to stop.  Her ass was on fire.

"Whose ass is being beat now," Linda yelled from above her?

"Mine, mine," was all Donna could manage to say between slaps.

"Are you going to behave yourself now prune and do anything I command like the
bitch you are," Linda continued, punctuating the command with several more quick
hard slaps to her ass making her butt jump in response?

"Yes, yes anything," Donna lied.

She couldn't take anymore slaps on her ass and she just wanted to get free of
the tramp and run home.  She felt Linda release her hair and she immediately
tried to make a run for it only to have her panties grabbed in back tripping her
up and falling face down on the floor.  Linda immediately jumped on her back
pinning her hard on the carpet floor.

"Guess my bitch hasn't learned her lesson yet," Linda said, grabbing her hair
again and forcing her head back.

Donna begged the girl to release her as she felt the girl hand slide back
between her ass cheeks on her cunt.  Then the fingers started rubbing up and
down.  She tried to fight the feeling but the fingers were driving her wild with
excitement.  Pain or no pain.  Her pleas slowly turned to moans of pleasure.

"Looks like my bitch likes to have her butt whipped," Linda laughed roaming her
fingers faster up and down her clit.  "Tell me bitch, do you want me to stop?"

Donna had forgotten the pain as her girl fingers were quickly closing in to
making her climax.

"No please," she whispered back with her still pull roughly back.  "Please don't
stop.""

She was close to cumming as she felt the fingers slowly being removed.  She
cried out for more and the fingers came up between her ass cheeks finding her
puckered ass ring loosen her arousal.  A finger quickly worked it way inside as
she moaned in pleasure.

Tell me to poke your ass pig," Linda commanded.  "Oink for me piggy."

She pushed the finger in and out Donna loose asshole.

"Poke my ass," Donna yelled.  "Oink, oink."

She was going to climax any second.

"Oink."

She was totally humiliated and excited beyond anything she had ever felt.

Linda continued to work the finger in and out her asshole as Donna body shook as
she came.   She laid exhausted on the floor as the finger slowly made its way
out her butt.

Her head was jerked back again as she saw the finger that had just been shoved
up her ass right before her face.

"Clean my finger pig," Linda commanded; roughly jerking her head back by the
hair as far as it would go.

Donna stuck out her tongue working it over the smelly finger in her face.  Her
asshole was sore in back from the rough treatment but she was still sexually
excited.

Linda released her hair as her face fell to the carpet.  Getting off Donna back,
she stood up and pushed her big toe between Donna large ass cheeks till it found
her sore asshole.

"I bet you came looking at all those prunes getting their asses beat.   Didn't
you?"  Linda yelled.

"Yes," Donna murmured on the floor.  Her humiliation was complete.  She was
defenseless against this girl only half her age.

"Undress bitch," Linda commanded again.  "Show me what an old bitch like you has
underneath those rags."

Donna tried to find the courage to resist but her cunt was too hot to resist. 
She leaned back on her knees and lifted her dress up over her head and on the
carpet below.  As she unhooked her bra, her large boobs fell out immediately
expose to the girl stare.

"Remove those panties too bitch," Linda continued.  "You want need them around
here.  I can beat your ass whenever I want."

Donna slowly reached down and pulled her panties off still on her knees before
the girl.  She was totally exposed and humiliated on her knees in front of her
waiting on whatever she wanted.  She saw Linda reach down grabbing her prize
tits in each hand squeezing them slightly.

"Not bad for an old cow," Linda smiled, and started roughly squeezing them
harder.  "Tell me to milk you bitch."

"Milked by tits, mistress."  Donna replied as she felt each boob being pulled
forward in rotation.

Her face felt like it was on fire as she kneeled on her knees and the girl was
pulling each of her boobs like a cow being milked.  At the same time, her cunt
was dripping down her inner thighs in excitement.  Linda was smiling at her face
from above.  She closed her eyes for a moment to enjoy the feeling as she felt
her tits released and a hard slap to her face.

"Clean my shoes bitch," the girl demanded.

Donna pushed her face down to the girl's tennis shoes and started running her
tongue around them.  When Linda was satisfied with the first, she put the other
to her face as she repeated the cleaning process.  She felt the girl blouse land
on her back and then her shorts falling on the top of her head as she continued
licking.

"Take off my panties with your mouth," Linda called.

Donna bit down on the top of the panties and held them as Linda slowly stepped
out of each leg.  As she pushed the panties down on the carpet as they fell
below her ankles below.  She knew what was expected, gripping them between her
lips waiting on her mistress to step out of them.  When they were free, she
glanced up to see the girl young bush glistering in moisture.  She wanted
nothing more than to reach up and plow her tongue deep within her opening. 
Linda was smiling from above.

"Maybe later cow, if you please me."  Linda smirked.

She turned around presenting her tight ass only inches from Donna face. 
Reaching back, she spread her ass cheeks wide exposing her puckered opening.

"Time to beat my ass with your tongue," Linda laughed.  "And if I'm not
satisfied, you ass is going to feel it."

Donna leaned forward and started working her tongue around the puckered ass
ring.  Her ass was fairly clean as she worked it slowly inside the tight hole
and started trying to tongue fuck her anus.  Linda was starting to moan in
pleasure above as she increased her pace.  She reached down and started rubbing
her clit as she tongue fucked her asshole more frequently now.

"That's a good bitch," Linda told her rubbing her ass up and around Donna face. 
I'm going to enjoy using you for a tongue batch whenever I want."

All of a sudden Linda shoved her ass back against her face knocking her
backwards on her ass.

"Did I say you could play with yourself," She demanded.

Donna saw the fire in her eyes and panicked.  She quickly got up and tried to
make a run for it.  She made it out the door and off the porch when she felt her
hair pulled back and landed backwards on her back on the grass below.  Linda had
a firm grip on her hair again as she yelled out in pain.

"Since you want to go home so badly, I'll take you."  Linda yelled down at her. 
"Come on bitch, its time to show your son the real deal."

Linda pulled her hair dragging her back on her knees and feet.

"Nooooooo, Please."  She screamed.  "I'll do anything, don't take me there."

"Too late bitch."  Linda called back dragging the grown woman by her hair.  "You
had your chance.  Now its my turn."

Every time Donna tried to reach her arms on her hair, Linda would twist it
causing her to scream and let loose.  She started pleading and begging the young
girl as they walked up the porch and Linda opened the door dragging her inside.

Rob was sitting on the couch watching TV as they entered and stared up in wonder
as his mother was dragged inside the room.

"Your old prune mom tried to come over and get me in trouble," Linda yelled at
him.  "Now its time to show you what I been telling you for weeks."

Linda dragged Donna to a nearby chair and over her lap like a kid.  Before Donna
could do anything about it, she started spanking her ass in earnest.

"Who's ass is this," Linda yelled down at her slapping in succession.

Donna was screaming in agony as the blows were landing quickly on her sore ass. 
Being humiliated in front of her own son, she fought to try to keep her mouth
shut but the pain was too great.

"Yours Mistress."  She finally screamed out as she realized that she couldn't
take anymore.

Linda wasn't going to make it any easier for her.

"My cunt getting wet spanking your fat ass.  Beg to lick it bitch," Linda yelled
slapping her ass harder and harder.

Donna was defeated and knew it.

"Please mistress may I lick your pussy."  She sputtered out.

"Louder bitch.  I want your son to hear how an old bitch like you begs to lick a
superior girl like me."  Linda commanded.

"Please, please mistress.  May I lick you cunt."  Donna yelled as loud as she
could.

Linda quickly pushed Donna off her lap as the grown woman fell on the hard floor
and immediately reached back grabbing her sore ass.  She grabbed her hair again
and pulled her up on her knees and her face between her legs and held her there. 
Donna tongue darted out and started licking her clit between her thighs and
dress.

"Get out of those clothes and come fuck your old mom in her big ass."  Linda
called out to Rob.  You had been playing with your cock dreaming of it for
years."

She kept a tight grip on Donna hair as Rob quickly disrobed without hesitation
and got on his knees behind Donna and started guiding his cock up her asshole. 
Donna moans could be heard under Linda dress.

"That's it.  Fuck the old prune big ass.  Make her your bitch."  Linda laughed
as Donna tongue was getting her off.  She want be able to take a shit without
thinking of your cock in her ass."

Rob was fucking Donna ass quickly, ramming his cock in and out with ease now. 
He shot his load deep in her asshole as Linda came and rocked back and forth on
her face.  Linda pulled her face up by her hair again and turned her around
facing his cock.  Donna face was filled with lust.

"Beg to clean your shit off his cock," Linda commanded.

"Please master may I clean your cock," Donna yelled out.

Rob didn't even wait to answer as he quickly shoved his cock in her mouth and
started rocking back and forth in it.

"That's it bitch," Linda smirked.  "From now on when you open your mouth you are
going to find something going in it."

She roughly started grinding Donna head by her hair on his cock making sure the
whole thing was going deep in her mouth.

"What do you think we should do with your fuck face mom," Linda asked smilingly
at him.

"Lets tie her to the tree out back while we have some fun," Rob replied.  "She's
got a large dildo up in her room we can shove up her big asshole while we have
some fun.  I'll go get it."

Donna didn't know how he knew about it and didn't care at the moment.  She was
tired and exhausted and her cunt was dripping in excitement.  She offer no
resistance as Linda grabbed her hair again and led her out back of the house to
a large tree and held her there against the bark till Rob returned with rope and
the dildo.  They tied her hands, feet, and knees around the bark.  Rob spread
her ass cheeks in back as Linda roughly shoved the dildo up her asshole.  She
switched it on.

"Something for you to think about while we're fucking on your bed," Linda
laughed.  "Enjoy."

Donna didn't say anything as the pulsing in her asshole was driving her wild in
excitement.  She heard them walk away as she rubbed her cunt on the tree bark
trying to get off.

Just a fantasy, how was your?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





