BDSM Library - Midnight Express




Midnight Express
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sub bi white boy in the south gets on a midnight bus ride to Raleigh, with a dom black sailor for a seatmate!
        The Midnight Express! 
            TJ Ryder
  http://www.midnightx.com/
Illustrated Fetish, Interracial Stories for Adults Only!


    When you live in a little southern
town like Blossom you tend to be self segregated, I mean everyone you hang 
with is white,and it's impossible to be in a social situation with blacks, 
and being Bi and sub, well, the interstate busses is where a lot of people 
have their first experience.  I kind of knew I was sub and bi by my early teens,
and I was very attracted to big black guys as well as hot southern blondes.
Word was the overnight busride to Raleigh was called the Midnight Express
for more than time of day!

   When I was only 18 I got on the bus for a selective service appointment
and a talk with a trade school counselor in Raleigh. And the bus was mostly, 
well, 3/4 black and 1/4 white.

  I had seen this luscious blonde get on in Blossom on a transfer, from some
even more out of the way sticks hickburg.  Really hot looking!  And I followed 
her on the bus, watching her shapely bottom as she got up the high steps, but
the blacks had boarded the bus first cuz they were more experienced, getting
all the window seats.  My fantasy of having an 8 hour night time busride 
sharing a seat with this knockout blonde was blown right away when a 
grinning Black soldier on leave stood up and offered her the window seat,
and she blushed and took it.  Awmann, when she got in and bent forward her
big breasts showed all that pink cleavage, and several bucks groaned.
The only seat near her was one row back, but a good view, I was on the aisle,
but I was sitting besides a big black sailor on leave, huge and muscular
who grinned at me like a wolf and patted the seat as I hesitated.

    "Yo sit raht down here, boy!" He smiled.  I also blushed and nodded,
seeing him arrange the long tubsteak down his leg.

   On the ride I could hear and see that the soldier was doing real good,
getting her to smile at first, then giggle, and then laugh.  Soon his arm was
around her slim neck and shoulders.  Soon after that, they began to kiss as
he began to make out, and she was trapped.  I had fantasies about this 
luscious girl crying out for help and I would be her superhero rescuer
and beat the crap out of the big stud, and she would be so impressed.
Instead I sat there with a big hardon of my own. And she was getting 
really into it, as much as he was now.  Watching them french kiss
deep, exchanging tongue, made my cock seep, and then, when he reached up
and turned the light off over them, and while most of the bus couldn't
see them  or even hear their sighs over the piped in music, I still
had a good view.

    Of course, by then I had my own problems.  The sailor who was
10 years older and was on his second term in the navy was also getting into
the scene, and absently arranging his own mammoth organ.  He was ten years
older than me and much bigger and stronger, and he was definitely getting
horney.  Being so much broader across the shoulders, he asked me if he
could put his arm back, and when he did so, feeling his weight
and the long arm around my shoulder, like the buck was doing with the
white girl, and now my face was closer to his.

    "Hey, don't be scared!  I won't bite, maybe suck a little is all!"
He grinned, and I swallowed.  "Yo watchin dat brutha make out with that
white gal, huh?"  He said softly.  Fact is with all the background noise
and the music and out faces so close together nobody else could hear us.

    "Y-yes Sir, " I said!

    "Hey, no problem, dere makin mah own rod stand up too, look at dat!"

    "Y-yes, um, I see, sir!"

    "Ah mean, yo kin see how hard ah am, canchu boy?"

    "MMum, yes, of course," I tried to smile weakly.

    "It kind of upsettin yo to see a fahn white gal lahk dat makin out
with a brutha, boy?"

    "No sir!" I didn't want to offend him, but he grinned in disbelief.

    "C'mon, boy, it even botherin me, cuz ah didn't think fast enough
to offer her a seat.  OF course, maybe I was savin it fo yo!"

    "Um, -th-thank you Sir!"

    "Dis yo first ride on the midnight express to Raleigh?"

    I nodded yes and felt his strong hand squeeze my shoulder.

    "Haw, figured it, but donchu worry none about it, cuz dis ride be known
for salt an pepper mixin.  An yo lucky too, sittin besides me, cuz
dere some real fat and ugly ol boys just love havin a lil white boy on
dere lap for de ride!"  I was very aware of that when I got on.
Besides some laborer types and a couple of real fat black women
and a babies, there weren't that many studs on the bus.

    "Um, well, thanks, I guess!"

    "Anyway, boy, it's gonna be a long hard trip, especially with
that brutha makin that fahn white piece, so whatchu say?"

    I was puzzled and he smiled.  "C'mon boy, yo be callin me sir
an all.  Ain't nothin wrong with that.  Yo lahk bein told what to do by
a big black man, donchu.  Yo don mind none, and ah kin tell dat raht
away!"

    Saying it made my cock leap up, "N-no, Sir, um, I-I don't mind!"

   Fact is I was a little afraid of him too.  There were several mean looking
bucks on the bus, and the middle aged old black man driving it wouldn't give
a damn if they ganged up on me.  I was thinking I was going to keep this 
big brawny buck happy.

    "Ah tells yo what, boy.  Why should dose two have all de fun, knamean?
An ah'm gettin tired strokin mah own self.  Whyn't we just stroke each other?"

   "Ah, um, I don't know, sir, Iv'e never done...!"  

    "Haw, dat's easy to fix, heah," as his huge muscular black man covered
my left hand, and pulled it over, and pressed it on his long black lump. It was 
hot and firm, maybe twice my size, and I was hung for a white boy I always
thought.  

    "Go ahead and gimme a squeeze, boy" he commanded and I did so, and he
sighed.  "Awyeah, and now give me a little soft pump along with it!"
and I did that too, feeling it pulse, and he removed his hand, and I kept it
there.  After a bit, I saw him move his big hand to my own lap, and at first
I tried to close my legs, and he laughed.

    "Aw yeah, ah be lookin at dat stiff lump for a long while, looks
caught in yo pants boy, ain't it uncomfortable?"

    "Y-yes, sir, b-but...!"

    "Yeah, lemme straighten yo out.  Cain't figure whiteboys not even
straightin out dere johnsons for fear someone gwine watch!  Us niggahs
be touchin ourselves all de tahm. Awyeah, " I stiffened as I felt his 
hand squeeze me, and then lift me out of the pants fold it was caught in
so it could project upward, which it did, and it sprang up, adding another
few inches.

    "Awyeahh, now yo straighten me out too, boy.  Ah'm gwine have to
sit back and pull mah pants out!"

    I did so, and as I arched his cock back and up, I was astonished
at the size, and the fact that it would go under his belt buckle if 
it wasn't pushing upward.  He sighed with pleasure.

   "Now, don't be pumpin hard, boy. Ah got to wear dese pants on base
an ah be makin a big mess. HAw.  you too by de feel of dis!"

   I heard a gasp from the makeout pair, and saw the girl's sweet bare
shoulders, a dim glimpse of her soft skin.  She must have taken off
that sheer sweater, and she was pressing her back against the seat
as the buck was busy with her front.

    "Haw, he's doin her tits, an she lahk it a lot.  Ah sees dat a lot.
Duane be workin her ovah a little, hurtin her a bit, squeezing her nipples.
Yo ever do dat boy?"  He knew the guy I was thinking.  Of course maybe
he's on the same military base.

    "N-no, sir!"

    "C'mon boy, a sweet-lookin know-yo-place boy lahk you from de south?
Donchu worry none, by de sounds of it, dat gal learnin her place aroun
niggas raht now.  All you whitebreads got to learn anyway.  Think of this
as an education!"

   I smiled, "an education!"

   "Sure, frinstance, yo ever kiss a black boy?"

    "No!"

   "See, dat's crazy, ah kiss hundreds of white boys! 
Lots of cute white studs gettin in de Navy all de time learnin de ropes!
Here, try this experiment, close your eyes now!" he ordered.

   I did so, and with his hand on my cock, and my hand on his hardon,
my eyes closed, I could feel his face closer and closer, his breath on
mine.  Then I felt his big black negroe lips cover mine, and he kissed,
softly, and then harder.  After a bit, I responded, opening my eyes, looking
at him in the eyes then.

    "Was that so bad, boy?"

    "N-no sir!"

    "Okay den, now yo turn!"  He leaned back, and smiled.
Being taller than I was I blushed first, and then leaned upward, pressing
my lips against his.  We liplocked for almost a whole minute, and I could
taste his tongue.

    "Not too bad, boy, now next tahm, lemme feel dat tongue!"

    "(Sigh) Y-yes Sir!"   

    Then, my lips on his, I slipped my tongue in, feeling and tasting his
warm mouth, and then fenced with his tongue.  After a moment, I felt his
huge long pink tongue invade my mouth,and let it happen, let his tongue explore
my mouth deep, and even sucked on it several times.  Panting, I moved back,
licking some of his saliva from my lips.  The girl was moaning and softly
sighing now, her shoulders jerking every time Duane squeezed her nipples.

    "Awyeahh, now, ah'm gettin too hard and beginnin to drool cockcum
now boy, hell yo too, ah feel the knob gettin wet, you gwine make a mess
in yo own pants.  Betta slip it out!"

    I was alarmed, and put a hand on his wrist, "No, please, people will
see...!"

    "It's okay boy, ah slip de lights off and den we can satisfy each other,
whatchu say?  Ah cain't sit with a hardon for the rest of the night!"
I didn't say anything, and he grinned, and soon the overheads were off, and
we could see each other by the dim lights on the legs of the chairs.
And then he took off his shirt, and wearing only a sleeveless t-shirt, I
looked at his gleaming black muscles.  After that, and his asking me to
get a blanket and pillow from the overhead, we were sitting besides
each other again, and I reached over to put my hand on his lumpy bulge
again, and he held it.

    "No boy, playtime over. Now first you unzip yo pants, slip yoself out.
Go ahead now boy!"

    (gasp) Y-yes sir."  I was afraid people could see, and if they stood
right besides us and looked down they could, and a couple of people had gotten 
up to walk back to the bathroom in the back, but I could cover myself with
the blanket I'm thinking,  and I felt good when my hardon was finally able to
project out of my fly.

    "AWyeahhh, tasty lookin boy, now fish out dose balls too, lemme see em!"

    Nodding, I did so, and my big inflated balls were resting on the seat with
my legs spread, my left leg pressing against Lucas, because we had introduced
ourselves finally.

    "Awyeahh," he said, moving his fingers over my genitals, hefting my ballsac.
"Now, yo do the same for me, boy!"  He wanted me to do it!  I blushed,
and leaned forward, using both hands, and it was funny, but hearing a zipper
I looked back and saw the girl was probably doing the same thing with Duane.
Couldn't tell for sure, but when I heard a delighted gasp of approval, I knew it.
Maybe I did the same thing when Lucas's big bloated firm black shaft popped out,
the knob already having  a pearl of precum.  HE was enormous, I couldn't believe
how big and thick he was. And without being ordered, I scooped out his huge balls,
filling each palm. I could feel the warm pulsing sacks, imagining the full load
of negroe sperm in them, and shuddered, because I knew where that load was going
now, like where my own load in my own bloated balls was going!"

   "Now, dat's good boy. Yo doin good.  Now unbutton yo shirt too, lemme
see dose nips lahk a good boy, awyeahh, brown little nips.  okay now, lissen
to a big black buck order you now, put yo hands behind you, lahk dat lil white
gal be doin where her big buck tell her to!"

    "Y-yes sir," I said a little shakily, cuz I'm sitting with my legs
spread with cock and balls out and his big muscular left hand was massaging
my naked chest.  But it felt real good to be on display like this, vulnerable
like they say, and I crossed my hands in back, holding each elbow.  He leaned
forward and I leaned forward, and we tongue kissed again, as his hand moved 
over his turgid cock, up my chest, and then between thumb and foreginger he
squeezed my left nipple, light at first, but then a little harder.

    "That ain't hard at all," he said, breaking the kiss.  "Now ask me to
squeeze it harder!"

    "Pl-please sir, harder is okay!"

    He did so, and I writhed as he grinned, and then we frenched again.

    "Now, say it with a nice please, whiteboy, and call me Master!"

    "Oh, oh yes, Master, please, harder!"  MMFFFPPFFPFFPF! I groaned
and writhed, as he worked on my left nipple, and then we frenched, and
I relaxed, pleasing him with my tongue in his mouth as he moved to my
other nipple.  And then, when we broke apart, I asked him to please hurt
me again, Master!"  He grinned and did so.  WE did this for a while.
WE also began to sort of talk, now that our big cocks were out, dripping
and I was calling him master.  He talked about always liking to break in 
white sissyboys, and I told him things I always fantasized about also.

    "That's raht, boy, yo do what ah tells yo, ain't dat raht!"

    (Gasp) Y-es, sir, please!"

    "An if you don't do it, or maybe ah jus feels lahk it, you get punished!
Ain't dat raht!"

    "Yes- yes , master!"

    "Haw, lets see dat now!"
I was surprised when he put his muscular right arm up, exposing his armpit.
It had some curly black hair in it, and the jet black skin smelled like
armpit all right.

    "Go ahead, white boy, lick dat pit out for a brutha!"

    I hesitated and then writhed at his fingers on my very sore distended
left nipple.  Soon I had my face buried in my sweaty armpit,overwhelmed
by the fragrance, so negroe and manly!  He laughed and pulled me down as
he dropped his arm.

    "That's good boy, now, yo sees dat knob, ah be leaking jus too much!"

    "Yes sir!"

    "Be a good boy an lick dat off nice an shiny!"

    "Awww,...,I moaned, "bending forward,and for the first time I tasted
negroe sperm, well, actually presperm, but I licked it up, kissed his warm
satiny surface and tried to lick down the knob but he pulled me back up.

    "Lissen good, boy, pay attention, lip service to a brutha start on the
underside, and very slow.  Watch dis!"

    I watched as he lowered his head, his huge lips covering my cock, which
was pulsing gobs of presperm, and he sighed, swallowed, as I almost fainted
with pleasure with his cock over the underside of my knob.  He kept it up,
and moaned like I moaned, before pulling his head back, a strand of cum on
his lips, as I leaned forward to kiss him and lick it off.

    "See dat boy, try dat again, yo be a world class nigga cocksucka by the
time we get to Raleigh, just lahk dat lil white gal!"

   "Thank you sir!"   I copied what he did, and as soon as my lips were over
the knob, found I had to move a little to get my tongue on that special spot
under the knob, but it was worth it, i felt him inflate even more, and was
rewarded with more delicious precum.   Then, satisfied I was learning, he
let me slide my mouth down his column, several hot thick throbbing inches!
I made love to his organ with my mouth for long minutes, and he held my head.
Finally, I slipped off and moved down to lick all over his bloated black balls.

    He didn't want to cum just yet, but I knew neither he nor I could wait
too long.  He showed me a couple more techniques, one almost bringing me off
in his mouth but he showed me how to shut it down with a squeeze if you can
do it in time.

    The next time he opened his legs up for me I knew he was going to let me
suck him off, and smiled to thank him.

    "ARe you ready, master, for me to please you?"

    "Yo best bleve it boy!  Now suck down every drop or ah'll whip yo butt!"

    Whispering, "I'd  like you to whip me, Sir, but I also want all of your
sperm!"  He chuckled, and then I kind of pulled out of the seat.

   "You know, I think i can kneel if you push back a little, sir!"

    "Haw, mebbe you kin, boy, but ah'm too big, but go ahead if you want!"

    "I want to," I whispered, "I want to lick your big black balls sir!!"

    "YEah, an if you can get down dere on yo knees, den you can lick my
butthole too.  Ah kin use a good rimjob while yo down there!"

    I was stunned, but when I knelt down, he arched himself out, pulling his 
pants down to his knees.  I was afraid my legs would pop out to butt into the
feet of the people in front, but the front was an old black woman who was 
snoring away.  I licked down his cock, making him shudder, and then 
all over his bloated balls, and then, as he helped me by lifting up,
reached under as far as I could and touched his acrid anus with my tongue.
He liked it fine, trying to maintain the position and open up his crack.
I could only get an inch of my tongue into his anus but it felt soo good to
please him like that, and then he sat back down, and I slipped my mouth over
his knob.  Putting one hand on the shaft, massaging him slowly, I sucked
and massaged his cock, pausing over one trembly spasm that was about to spray 
my mouth.  I knew just another squeeze and suck would shoot him, and he
was tensing, and I just let it happen, groaning and gasping at the hot wad
of sperm filling my mouth.  Overwhelmed, I was popping so much precum 
I would later wonder if I had cum myself.  He popped and sprayed my
eager mouth for a couple of minutes.  I'm a heavy cummer myself but the
sensation was overwhelming, and I could tell when I finally came up for
air that the reason people weren't hearing Lucas cum was because 
we weren't the only ones getting off.  At least two other black cocks
were spraying on this bus, the atmosphere redolent with male sperm and
white female pussycream.

    Looking up with appreciation after I kissed and licked Lucas clean
I resumed my seat.   AFter ten minutes, he returned the favor, and
when I was finished creaming and spraying inside his thick lips, he surprised me
by also licking and sucking every drop up.  HE didn't put his cock away
and neither did I.  It was going to be several more hours, and we both
needed more.


    After half an hour of chat, I put both hands in back of his
head and deep kissed him, seeing his massive hardon had returned to
full erection.  Even so to this day I wished we could have done more.  
I wanted to kneel and lick his black boots, and wished we could do more
punishment.  I told him I wanted him to spank me even after we get to
Raleigh, but he only grinned, shaking his head.  His ship was heading out
right away!  I had the feeling, correct as it turned out, I would never
see him again, and while this was my first bi experience, I was in love.
I wished I could really worship him, but the seats were too small.
Anyway, when the bus got into Raleigh, I looked at the gorgeous white girl
and realized the whole bus ride was one long dominance trip with black
cock being serviced and worshipped.  Neither of us would ever be the same!
And thinking of SueEllen being in the same situation was making my dick so
hard it hurt!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TJ Ryder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





