BDSM Library - Holiday Highlights




Holiday Highlights
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sequel to 'Holiday Slavery'.  Mistress Tina takes her slave Peter on the cruise ship again... with some new 'recruits'! Rather than recounting every day of the vacation, Peter concentrates on a number of highlights.Greetings to my dear reader, whoever you are. 
You may be a Master or a Mistress, a slave-owner or someone with the urge
  to own a slave -- in which case, may I humbly introduce myself as slave Peter,
  whose adventures you might already have read about in my previous attempt at
  authorship. If you have not, may I with equal humility suggest that your enjoyment
  of this effort of mine would be enhanced by reading the other first? 
Or you may be a slave like myself -- in which case I want to welcome you as
  if you were my brother, or perhaps sister! I must assume (since these small
  volumes, my Mistress assures me, are only distributed to slave- owners )
  that you are reading this with the knowledge and permission of your Master
  or Mistress -- preferably, in fact, on his or her orders! Obviously, therefore,
  I can't make any suggestions as to what you may have read before this, or even
  as to what parts of this you read: that is, of course, entirely your owner's
  decision. 
If, for whatever reason, this is the first of my literary efforts you have
  opened, I will beg your patience in order to set the scene a little.... 
My name, as I mentioned above, is Peter -- or, more precisely, SLAVE  Peter:
  I am the property of my wonderful owner, the beautiful Mistress Tina. And by
  property&quot; I mean exactly that: my Mistress owns  me,
  body and soul, and has the total right of ownership to do with me just as she
  pleases... and what she pleases, I'm only too grateful to say, is everything
  I could wish for! 
I want to stress, here and now, that I submitted myself into this slavery
  to my Mistress willingly , and with full knowledge of what
  it meant: in fact, it was I who asked my Mistress to take me as her full-time,
  total and unconditional slave -- although I know she'd been waiting and hoping
  for some time that I would! But since that moment, when she did accept me,
  she has had absolute control over me: I've been expected to obey her every
  order, and I've had no choice whatsoever in what happens to me -- except in
  the very rare cases where my Mistress kindly allows me to choose between very
  limited options. 
She keeps me locked up, if she wishes, sometimes in a comfortable room and
  sometimes in what can only be described as a dungeon. She keeps me shackled,
  most of the time, whether by a chain padlocked to one ankle or with my ankles
  hobbled close together and joined to my handcuffed wrists with heavy chains.
  She keeps me bound, occasionally, my legs and arms and whole body drawn into
  tight and often contorted positions, so that I'm helpless and utterly at her
  mercy. She keeps me on my best behaviour, using the incentive of whip or cane
  to train me in what she expects of her slave. Most significant of all, she
  keeps me naked !... every minute of the day and night, except
  the very few times when she's taken me with her in public. 
But I suspect that none of this is very strange to most of you who read this,
  so I won't go on about it.... 
My first little book -- for the benefit of those who may not have read it
  -- related my adventures on a holiday with my Mistress... on a tropical cruise
  ship. I won't say any more about it: but to any slaves whose owners haven't
  allowed you to read it, I assure you it's for a good reason, which may lead
  to an interesting and exciting experience for you! 
The little book you're now reading is a sequel of a sort: it describes another
  cruise on the same ship, but rather than following the events like a diary,
  I've chosen to concentrate on a number of highlights... hence the title. 
Nevertheless, my story does begin at the beginning.... 
One day, without giving me any advance warning, my Mistress made me pack her
  suitcases -- with the kind of clothing she would need for a holiday on a cruise
  ship! However, she said not a word about where we were going, even when her
  packing was complete, the clothing I might need -- the barest minimum, of course!
  -- had also been packed, and everything was in her car. 
When we actually left, I was certain where we were going, despite her continued
  silence on the subject: not only were we headed in the right direction, but
  I'd also noticed that we'd packed no bondage gear at all. The latter convinced
  me, because I knew the cruise ship was only too well equipped with the appropriate
  gear! 
My Mistress made me drive, simply giving me the directions necessary to take
  the correct route. We didn't talk much as we drove, and the conversations we
  did have were quite unrelated to the subject of bondage or slavery: I was permitted
  to speak freely, without asking for her permission, but one of the strict rules
  of my slavery was that, in these circumstances, those particular topics could
  only be raised by her... and, today, she chose not to do so. 
It was no surprise for me when, late that evening, my Mistress told me to
  turn into a motel we'd stayed at previously, one owned by a couple named Brenda
  and Dan. Nor was it surprising -- although a little disappointing, as I was
  keen to meet our hosts again -- that she made me stay in the car while she
  went into reception to register. Even less surprising was the first thing she
  did after we entered our room: ordering me to strip naked, she then produced
  a pair of handcuffs from her purse and fastened my wrists behind my back. 
What followed was a series of surprises, although I quickly realized I should
  have expected some of them! Saying that she wanted to go to the motel bar for
  a drink, she calmly told me to accompany her. Not unnaturally, in my state
  of nakedness, I hesitated: she must have been expecting this, because she waited
  hardly a moment before forcing my obedience by the simple method of taking
  a firm grip on my balls and pulling me through the door. 
Once outside, she let go and started walking towards the bar, without so much
  as a glance at me. With the door shut, it seemed I had little choice, so I
  followed, wondering whether some stranger might see my nakedness. I soon became
  aware of two more surprises that I hadn't noticed before: one was that our
  room was the very furthest from the bar, the other was the absence of any cars
  but ours. The latter meant, to my relief, that there we no other guests to
  see me, while the former was probably a deliberate choice to draw out my potentially
  embarrassing walk as long as possible! 
During this walk I remembered something else that surprised me: the 'NO Vacancy'
  sign had been showing when we drove in. Why was that, I thought, if there were
  no guests beside ourselves? The answer was provided a little later, and turned
  out to be the biggest surprise of all, one that I could never have anticipated. 
It was no surprise at all to find Brenda and Dan waiting for us in the bar,
  nor did I find myself embarrassed by their  lack of surprise
  at my nakedness. They greeted my Mistress warmly and, with her permission,
  greeted me -- with equal warmth, but in a completely different manner: Brenda
  hugged me close, pulling me against her with her hands cupping my naked bottom,
  and kissed me enthusiastically; Dan, on the other hand, succeeded in bringing
  a blush to my cheeks by extending his hand with mock formality and shaking
  my cock, which had come partly erect as a result of Brenda's attentions! 
The three of them settled down in comfortable chairs with their drinks, and
  I obeyed my Mistress' order to kneel beside her chair: my drink, with a straw
  to enable me to drink it, was on a convenient low table. They began an animated
  conversation, the very first words of which gave me the biggest surprise of
  the evening -- as well as confirming my already firm belief about our destination. 
Her eyes sparkilng, Brenda said to my Mistress, &quot;We're looking forward
  so much to joining you on the cruise tomorrow! We've already had so much fun,
  with our private bondage games, that we can hardly wait to play them with you
  and all the other passengers!&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; agreed Dan, &quot;but we have a little problem, that we hoped
  you might be able to advise us on, seeing as you've been on a cruise before.
  You know, I guess, that they want us to nominate who'll be the Master or Mistress,
  and who the slave, but the thing we didn't really expect is that this arrangement must  remain
  the same for the whole cruise. Because we're so new to this, we'd just assumed
  that we would both be able to enjoy both sides at different times -- as we've
  been doing at home.&quot; 
&quot;Don't get us wrong, please,&quot; chimed in Brenda. &quot;It's not that
  we both want the dominant side, and neither wants to be the slave: in fact,
  if anything, it's the other way around. It's just that we're still learning
  and we'd both like to have more experience of both sides, because we both enjoy
  both sides, don't we, Dan?&quot; Dan nodded vigorously, and Brenda turned back
  to my Mistress before going on, &quot;D'you think they might bend the rules
  a little for us?&quot; 
&quot;Hmmm,&quot; said my Mistress, &quot;let me think for a moment.&quot; During
  the silence that followed, my initial amazement gave way to the realization
  that this 'problem' explained why both Brenda and Dan were dressed, rather
  than one of them being a naked slave, as I would have expected after our previous
  visit here. Clearly, they didn't want to commit themselves one way or the other
  if they didn't have to. 
&quot;In answer to your question,&quot; my Mistress said at last, &quot;I
  very much doubt the cruise organizers would agree. You see...&quot; She went
  on to explain some things that were news to me: for example, that people like
  Brenda and Dan could swap roles on separate cruises, and (if they wanted) change
  'sides' in the privacy of their cabin during one cruise; but that, in the 'public
  domination-slavery' activities of the passengers and crew, things worked best
  if there was a pretense of real and permanent owner/slave relationships. 
Brenda and Dan listened intently, occasionally asking for more explanations,
  and eventually conceded the principle was a sensible one, and that therefore
  they would have to make a choice. &quot;Well, darling,&quot; Dan said to Brenda
  with a wry smile, &quot;what's it to be then? Perhaps the simplest thing would
  be for us to toss a coin?&quot; 
&quot;Just a moment!&quot; said my Mistress suddenly. &quot;I've just had
  an idea, based on something you said earlier. Before I tell you, though, may
  I make a phone call?&quot; They agreed, and she went into their office, leaving
  them wondering aloud what it was that had been said earlier... and even asking
  me if I'd noticed anything significant. I admitted that I hadn't. 
A few minutes later my Mistress returned, her eyes alight with excitement.
  She sat down and looked hard at Brenda and Dan for a moment before saying, &quot;Brenda,
  earlier you suggested that you and Dan may both be more interested in the submissive,
  rather than the dominant side, right? Well, here's my idea: why don't you both  come
  on this cruise as unaccompanied slaves ? 
&quot;Before you answer,&quot; she went on, as Brenda and Dan stared at her
  in surprise, &quot;let me suggest two reasons you might do this. Firstly, it's much  cheaper,
  because slaves are very much in demand, by Masters and Mistresses who don't
  have their own or who are looking for variety. Secondly, I'm sure you'd learn
  much more about bondage and slavery this way, by personal experience with a
  number of temporary 'owners', rather than by just seeing  what
  other owners do with their slaves. 
&quot;On the other hand, being relatively new to these activities, you might
  be worried at the prospect of committing yourselves in this way on your first
  cruise. That's why I made that phone call: I asked my friend, Master Paul,
  if he can cope with an extra slave on this cruise, and he's only too willing.
  What I'm proposing is that you would be nominally our  slaves
  to begin with, and it will be our responsibility to see that your limits are
  respected: this would give you a chance to see what goes on, before becoming
  proper unaccompanied slaves -- and then only if and when you wish it. What
  do you think?&quot; 
I was barely aware of Brenda and Dan looking at each other in wild surmise:
  I was far more interested in something else my Mistress had just said, namely
  that Master Paul was coming on this cruise, too. My Mistress, of course, had
  been teasing me by not saying a word about the cruise, but I'd been hoping
  he would, because that meant I would see his lovely, sexy slave, Helen, again!
  I couldn't hide my sheer excitement. 
I'm sure my Mistress noticed, but she pretended not to. It was only when Brenda
  asked what sort of Master was Master Paul, that she looked straight at me and
  said with a smile, &quot;Perhaps slave Peter here can vouch for Master Paul.
  We spent a lot of time together on our last cruise, and Peter submitted to
  bondage and other things from Master Paul more than once. Even more to the
  point, Peter spent even more time in the company of Master Paul's slave-girl,
  Helen, and I think she let him know how she felt about being Master Paul's
  slave. Tell Brenda, slave, what Helen thinks of her Master.&quot; 
I obeyed, and it wasn't at all difficult to be persuasive! I suspect, too,
  that it wasn't only my words  that sounded convincing: just
  to think about 'my Helen' -- as I thought of her -- let alone talk about her,
  was enough to make my cock stand up hard. My Mistress reached down and gave
  it a very thorough fondle, and Brenda's eyes started to shine with obvious
  excitement, as I spoke for several minutes, with examples from our previous
  cruise. 
Brenda and Tom would probably have agreed without my 'testimonial'; with it,
  there was no doubt at all. When my Mistress stopped me, turned to them and
  asked, &quot;Well? D'you want to know any more, or are you ready to decide?&quot;,
  they looked at each other and there was no mistaking their excitement. 
&quot;Yes, Tina,&quot; they said almost in unison, and Brenda added, &quot;Your
  suggestion sounds great: we'll do it!&quot; 
&quot;Good!&quot; replied my Mistress with satisfaction. &quot;Now, I have
  just one more suggestion -- more than a suggestion, actually. If you're both
  to be slaves for the next two weeks, I want you to submit to me for the rest
  of this evening, as a sort of preview, and to give me an indication of your
  preferences and limits. Unless you have a very  good reason
  to object, don't say anything -- just nod.&quot; 
Without any hesitation, Brenda and Dan both nodded firmly. Instantly, my Mistress'
  tone changed to one of quiet but unmistakeable command: &quot;Right, then.
  Stand up! Dan, strip Brenda naked... quickly!&quot; 
Dan obeyed eagerly and, in less than a minute, my Mistress and I had our first
  look at Brenda's nakedness. For her part, Brenda seemed a little startled by
  the suddenness and speed of her exposure, and she instinctively covered her
  breasts and pussy with her hands and arms, and blushed a deep pink. 
&quot;Don't be coy,&quot; said my Mistress kindly but firmly. &quot;Dan, take
  her wrists and hold them behind her... now bring her closer to me. Tell me,
  slave-girl,&quot; she went on, re-positioning herself on the arm of her chair
  to bring her eyes on a level with Brenda's, &quot;don't you like being naked?&quot; 
&quot;It... it's a bit strange, like this,&quot; Brenda stammered ever so
  slightly. A bit embarrassing, too, but... but I don't mind... really.&quot; 
&quot;You'd better not,&quot; smiled my Mistress. &quot;If you're to be an
  unaccompanied slave, you'll get used to being naked, practically all the time.
  Is this the first time your sexy body has been naked in front of anybody but
  your husband? And when you answer, remember that we Masters and Mistresses
  like to be addressed properly.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, er... Mistress,&quot; Brenda replied. &quot;Well, almost, that
  is, apart from my doctor... and in the showers with the girls at school and
  in the health club. But this is different, somehow.&quot; 
&quot;It certainly is,&quot; grinned my Mistress. &quot;To make some of the
  differences quite explicit: one is that, in those other circumstances, you
  made the choice to strip and you can choose to get dressed again; as a slave,
  you will have no such choice, especially when you're shackled or bound: another
  is that, as a slave, you will be naked in front of your clothed betters, instead
  of amongst your equals: and a third is that, instead of being naked for just
  one man or a few girl-friends, you will often be on view for dozens, maybe
  even a hundred or more, men and women at once!&quot; 
She smiled again as Brenda's eyes widened a little and her blush deepened
  slightly. &quot;But don't worry,&quot; she went on kindly, &quot;I'm sure you'll
  get used to it: you may even come to enjoy it a lot. One thing I'm very certain
  of, is that most of the Masters -- and Mistresses for that matter! -- will
  enjoy looking at your naked body: it's lovely!&quot; 
My Mistress paused for a couple of minutes, allowing her eyes to travel slowly
  and intimately over every inch of Brenda's nakedness. By now, I had also had
  a very good look at Brenda, and I had to agree with my Mistress' assessment.
  Brenda was just below average height for a woman and, although some might have
  thought she was a little on the plump side, her figure was really very sexy
  indeed: her breasts were quite large, but well-shaped and reasonably firm,
  with cone-shaped dark aureoles and prominent nipples; the mound of her pussy,
  covered with a thick thatch of curls, seemed almost to thrust itself forward;
  and her face, framed by a mass of black wavy hair, was pert and pretty. I couldn't
  help thinking that she and Helen would make a lovely contrast as fellow slave-girls! 
&quot;Ah yes,&quot; my Mistress went on at last, &quot;the passengers and
  officers will get a lot of pleasure from looking at you! And not only from
  looking at you, either!...&quot; Very deliberately, watching Brenda's face
  for her reactions, she lifted a hand and placed it firmly over one of Brenda's
  tits. 
Brenda flinched, ever so slightly, but my Mistress didn't remove her hand.
  Instead, she put her other hand over Brenda's other breast and said, with a
  sort of mock disapproval in her smile and voice, &quot;This is something else
  you'll have ot get used to, so you may as well start now. You've read the information
  the cruise people sent, so you must know that they insist on slaves being willing
  to be naked most of the time, and to have their bodies touched in any
  way at all . And, if you didn't understand exactly what that means,
  it means this!...&quot; 
She proceeded to give Brenda's naked body a very thorough fondle! Beginning
  with both hands caressing her generous breasts, she went on to roll her nipples
  expertly in her fingers, to trace the curves of her waist and hips, to reach
  behind her and cup the globes of her bottom and, finally, to put her fingers
  between her thighs and explore the ultimate privacy of her pussy and clit.
  Brenda's flush deepened again, but her breathing quickened as my Mistress'
  clever fingers elicited the natural response to such stimulation. 
With the fingers of one hand buried in Brenda's pussy, and the other moving
  over both her breasts and elsewhere, my Mistress spoke again: &quot;Remember,
  slave-girl, over the next two weeks, you can expect to be handled like this
  by very many men -- and women! -- often by several at a time: sometimes you'll
  be shackled or bound, and you won't be able to resist; but, at other times,
  you'll be expected to stand un-restrained and accept their attentions gratefully.
  If you're not willing to tolerate this, perhaps you better reconsider the decision
  you made earlier: do you want to do that? Think carefully before you answer.&quot; 
Brenda hesitated, but not for long, before replying, &quot;No, Mistress Tina,
  I still want to do it. It may be strange at first, and a bit embarrassing,
  but I'm sure I'll get used to it and eventually enjoy it.&quot; 
&quot;Good!&quot; was my Mistress' approving response. &quot;Now, I want you
  to fetch, from your own bondage gear, two pairs of ankle cuffs and padlocks
  and two short lengths of chain, or something that will do the same job. This
  is a sort of final test of your committment, because you'll have the chance
  to change your mind, get dressed and run away: but I expect you to be back
  here in less than five minutes. OK, you may let her arms go now, Dan.&quot; 
Brenda left the room obediently, and my Mistress turned her attention to Dan. &quot;Your
  turn now, slave-boy,&quot; she grinned. &quot;Off with all your clothes, except
  your underpants!&quot; 
Dan obeyed willingly and, in a very few moments, only a pair of jockey briefs
  separated him from complete nakedness. There was little doubt of his state
  of mind, because the shape of his erect cock was clearly visible in the bulge
  of his briefs, and my Mistress smiled as she gave them a condescending look. 
&quot;Now,&quot; she said, &quot;to impress on you your status as a slave,
  I'm going to have that last garment removed by my own slave: go stand close
  in front of him.&quot; There was a short pause as I stared up at her, wondering
  how I was to do what she wanted, with my wrists still cuffed behind me: then
  my dilemma was solved by her sharp &quot;Use your teeth, stupid! Start at the
  front.&quot; 
As I obeyed, I found there was something unusually humiliating about this.
  Later, Dan confessed that he'd felt much the same, but that the humiliation
  had had the effect my Mistress intended!) My teeth grasped the front of the
  briefs' belt and, as I pulled it out and down over his crotch, his cock sprang
  free and poked me in the eye! My task proved trickier than I might have expected
  but, with Dan co-operating by turning around for me to pull the briefs over
  his hips and buttocks, eventually I drew them right down to his ankles, where
  he could easily step out of them. 
Brenda returned part-way through this exercise and, from the corner of my
  eye, I could see her expression of surprise and delight as she realized what
  was happening. My Mistress made her stand at attention, her hands clasped behind
  her back, as Dan's stripping was completed: she obediently remained like that
  throughout his subsequent 'inspection' by my Mistress' eyes and hands. 
&quot;I've already seen you  naked, slave-boy,&quot; she
  said as her hands ran over the bare flesh of his chest, belly, thighs and buttocks. &quot;Which
  was why I wanted to see your female fellow-slave naked first. You heard everything
  I said to her, and it all applies equally to you, so I won't repeat it -- except
  to assure you that there will be very many Mistresses and lady Officers who'll
  be eager to get their hands on you in more ways than one! And, I suspect, a
  few Masters and male officers as well!&quot; 
As with Brenda, I could see what she meant: Dan was short for a man, not much
  taller than Brenda herself, but his naked body was well-proportioned if a little
  on the stocky side; his muscles showed clearly under his slightly swarthy skin,
  his chest was deep and his belly flat and hard, and the cock that my Mistress
  was now stroking to full erection was quite thick and long in comparison to
  his overall size. 
&quot;By the reaction of your cock here,&quot; smiled my Mistress at last, &quot;I
  suspect I already know your answer, but I'll ask you the same question I asked
  the slave-girl: do you want to reconsider your agreement to my suggestion,
  that you come on the cruise as unaccompanied slaves?&quot; 
Dan's reply was immediate and brief. &quot;No, Mistress Tina,&quot; he said
  quite emphatically. 
&quot;Right, that's settled,&quot; said my Mistress in a businesslike tone. &quot;Brenda,
  come here and shackle your fellow-slave's ankles.&quot; After Brenda obeyed,
  Dan was ordered to do the same to her: then my Mistress went on, &quot;Now
  I want my dinner: you two may go and prepare it and, when it's ready to serve
  in the dining room, one of you may come and inform me. You may keep some food
  warm for yourselves, to eat afterwards, but serve an extra plate with mine,
  for me to feed my slave. Off you go: I want to talk to my slave alone.&quot; 
Until dinner was served -- and afterwards, while Brenda and Dan were washing
  up -- my Mistress chatted with me, revealing her excitement and enthusiasm
  at the prospect of introducing them both to the pleasures -- and pains! --
  of slavery on board the cruise ship! Since they'd both read the information
  sent with the acknowledgement of their booking, she admitted somewhat sadly,
  some of the surprises wouldn't work for them, but she gleefully speculated
  that she and Master Paul and the ship's officers would still be able to spring
  some on them. In particular, she gave me strict instructions never to say a
  word about certain events from our previous cruise... for exactly the same
  reason that I won't mention them here, either! 
Dinner itself was clearly very enjoyable for my Mistress, and no wonder: she
  had two naked slaves, experienced in the art of table service, if not in naked
  slavery, to wait on her as well as to provide her with amusement, simply by
  standing well within her reach for frequent fondles of their tits or nipples
  or cock or pussy. Between eating her own delicious food, she fed me as I knelt
  close beside her: with my wrists still cuffed behind me, I had to take the
  morsels from her fork directly with my mouth... but several times she varied
  the procedure by making Brenda or Dan hold some food in their lips and bend
  down to pass it to me, or even by dabbing some sauce onto Brenda's tits or
  Dan's cock, from where I had to lick it! 
During the meal, she chatted cheerfully with her 'new' slaves, mainly telling
  them how much she enjoyed being a Mistress; but she also gave them a few pieces
  of important information about the conditions for slaves on the cruise ship,
  yet without giving away a great deal. The subject changed, however, after the
  meal was over and the dishes were done: settling into a comfortable chair in
  the bar, with a glass of good liqueur, she orderd Brenda and Dan to kneel at
  her feet and started quizzing them about their interests, preferences, tolerances
  and dislikes in the area of bondage and slavery. 
This conversation went on until late. With the help of a questionnaire provided
  by the cruise organizers, and prompted by my Mistress' persistent and intimate
  questions, Brenda and Dan had to explore their own feelings about every aspect
  of the slavery they were about to undergo -- from things like simple nakedness
  and serving drinks and food, through shackles and bondage and being used as
  objects of amusement, to their willingness to be sexual playthings and to provide
  pleasure to the 'owners' either with their mouths or by fucking, and even to
  the deeper questions of homosexual activities and whether they were prepared
  to be forced into sexual acts with other slaves in public. 
Some of these things surprised Brenda and Dan, and even embarrassed them.
  My Mistress pointed out that, as unaccompanied slaves, it was important for
  those passengers who might 'claim' them to know where their limits lay; this
  would be equally important, in the initial period when she and Master Paul
  were to be responsible for them. She also stressed the principle that, although
  the channels were provided for slaves to lodge complaints of ill-treatment
  against passengers or officers, slaves were slaves and were expected to submit without
  negotiation  to any treatment within the limits on record in the Purser's
  office. 
Finally she was satisfied that she understood the 'new' slaves; for their
  part, they were happy that their tolerances -- and therefore their enjoyment
  of the cruise -- were being considered. At the same time, however, many details
  of their actual treatment were left quite vague -- deliberately, as my Mistress
  pointed out with a smile, because half the fun of being a slave was not  knowing
  what would happen to you! This point was not lost on Brenda and Dan, and the
  looks on their faces at the end of the evening were a mixture of trepidation
  and excited anticipation. 
My Mistress put them to bed, still wearing their ankle shackles, with orders
  to serve her breakfast very early next morning -- in her room. That was where
  she led me and, for the first time since our arrival, unlocked the handcuffs
  from one of my wrists... only to re-lock it to a leg of her bed! Despite the
  hardness of the floor, I had little difficulty in dropping off to sleep. 
Next morning, after a quick breakfast, the four of us set off to join the cruise
  ship. My Mistress travelled in her car, driven part of the way by Brenda and
  part by Dan, while I drove Brenda's and Dan's car, kept company by whoever
  wasn't with my Mistress at the time. 
While they were with me, both Brenda and Dan naturally tried to quiz me about
  slavery on the ship and the island. I did my best to let them know how much
  fun it could be, but was constantly mindful of my Mistress' warning not to
  'spill the beans' too much. I even managed to steer the conversation to what
  they had done in their first few weeks of indulging in the same kind of activities,
  and their descriptions were very enjoyable, vivid in their discoveries of the
  fun and pleasure that could be had. 
When Brenda and Dan changed over about halfway, I learned that the conversation
  in the other car was quite different: Brenda said it had been very one-sided,
  with my Mistress listing, carefully and repeatedly, what was expected of slaves
  on board ship and the correct responses to pre-defined orders. 
Thanks to encountering some slow traffic, we arrived at the cruise ship's
  berth with little time to spare before it was due to sail. With my Mistress'
  warning fresh in our ears, to behave just like ordinary passengers on an ordinary
  cruise -- &quot;because there might be slaves who don't know the true nature
  of the cruise until the first island visit,&quot; she reminded us -- we went
  aboard and reported to the Purser's office. 
There we were greeted by Nicole, the same lovely girl who'd had that job on
  our first cruise; she was cheerful and friendly, but skillfully managed to
  give nothing away about the 'other part' of the cruise. Checking our names,
  she said, &quot;You're the last to board,&quot; and informed the Purser himself,
  who phoned the bridge immediately: we were under way even before the paperwork
  was finished! 
My Mistress and I were checked in quickly and smoothly: &quot;You've been
  with us before,&quot; said Nicole, &quot;so there's no need to fill you in
  on anything.&quot; Brenda and Dan, however, took a little longer. 
Referring to their booking, Nicole asked, &quot;Do you have the questionnaire
  we asked you to bring with you? Thank you.&quot; She looked at it for a moment,
  then said quite matter-of-factly, &quot;Hmm, this is a little unusual: would
  you mind coming into the office and discussing it with the Purser himself?&quot; 
Brenda and Dan agreed, but invited my Mistress to acompany them -- &quot;It
  was your suggestion, after all,&quot; said Dan -- and she told me to wait for
  her. I was only too happy to obey; after all, it gave me the chance to chat
  for a while with Nicole and drink in her beauty! 
Later, Brenda told me that the Purser had said they very rarely had unaccompanied
  slaves who were also completely 'new' to the ship, and had asked whether they
  understood what was expected. My Mistress had guaranteed that they did, and
  said that her undertaking of initial responsibility would be supported by Master
  Paul. Fianlly, the Purser had indicated that, if either Brenda or Dan, or both,
  were to opt out of slavery at any time, this would be quite OK, on two conditions:
  one, that they would be non-participating passengers for the rest of the cruise
  and two, that the full fare would apply, because the discount for unaccompnied
  slaves was conditional on slavery for the whole  cruise. 
Of course, I knew nothing of this conversation at the time, nor could I mention
  it to Nicole and ask her what was going on. At last the Purser came out with
  the other three and said to Nicole, &quot;This is OK, but please see if a more
  suitable cabin is available for these passengers.&quot; Nicole checked Brenda
  and Dan in and assigned them a cabin; then she said with a bright smile, &quot;It's
  a good thing we're not fully booked this trip, but we may have to move you
  to more appropriate accommodation later. Now, would you mind carrying your
  own luggage? I have no porters free at the moment.&quot; 
Brenda and Dan got the message quite clearly, but anyone not 'in the know'
  would never have noticed Nicole's subtle emphasis on their slave status already!
  My Mistress, who naturally had nothing to carry, took Brenda's and Dan's cabin
  key and led us there. Opening the door, she revealed a sparsely furnished room
  containing little more than two narrow beds. She closed the door behind us
  and smiled at Brenda and Dan. 
&quot;Well, here we are,&quot; she said. &quot;Not a very luxurious cabin,
  is it, but quite adequate for slaves, eh? You'll note that the door needs the
  key to open it from inside as well as out... and that the Purser's girl gave
  the key to me , not you! Naturally, only Masters and Mistresses
  have keys: Master Paul will be given one, when he signs to look after you to
  start with. 
&quot;You'll keep your clothes here,&quot; she went on, opening a closet. &quot;You'll
  need them while we're still pretending this is a normal cruise, but then they'll
  be locked away... and this cupboard, which is now locked to keep it from unsuspecting
  potential slaves, will be permanently open!&quot; She used the key to unlock
  a large cupboard, revealing a large supply of bondage equipment, and smiled
  at the wide-eyed looks on Brenda's and Dan's faces. &quot;Don't worry,&quot; she
  assured them, deliberately misreading their feelings, &quot;you won't have
  to wait that long to try this out: we'll use it on you in private, from tonight!
  Any questions, slaves?&quot; 
Dan had one: &quot;If this is a cabin meant for slaves, why did Nicole say
  that we might move to a better cabin later?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, you misunderstood,&quot; replied my Mistress with a broad grin. &quot;She
  didn't say a better  cabin, but more appropriate !
  This is your cabin while Master Paul and I are responsible for you; if you
  later opt for proper unaccompanied slavery, you'll most certainly be moved
  to the proper slave quarters... but I won't tell you about them; you'll just
  have to wait and see! 
&quot;Come along now,&quot; she continued briskly. &quot;I want to get settled
  in my own cabin. You may come along, to see how we Masters and Mistresses live!&quot; She
  led us to a cabin on a higher deck, opening its door with a flourish to show
  Brenda and Dan the spacious lounge area, the luxurious furnishings, the large
  soft bed, and so on. Their slightly rueful grins at each other showed that
  they 'got the message'! 
However, my Mistress didn't do much 'settling in' just then. Instead, she
  said she wanted to introduce Brenda and Dan to Master Paul, and tried to phone
  his cabin; but there was no answer, so she suggested that we should all &quot;go
  on a little tour of the ship, and maybe we'll find Master Paul on our travels.&quot; As
  it happened, Master Paul found us ... or, rather, Helen did!
  We were just coming out of the cabin when a familiar voice cried, &quot;There
  they are!&quot;... and I suddenly found two arms wrapped around my neck and
  I looked into Helen's smiling eyes. Her lips moved towards mine, but they stopped
  when Master Paul's voice interrupted drily, &quot;Tut, tut, such an unseemly
  display in public: wouldn't it be better to keep it until later in private?&quot; 
His tone was casual and bantering, but there was no doubt it was meant as
  a command... and both Helen and I had a fair idea of what his 'in private'
  was hinting at! She grinned wryly, disengaged herself and said in perfect imitation
  of good but casual friends meeting, &quot;It's lovely to see you again, Peter!&quot; Suddenly,
  we found ourselves looking at each other, with nothing to say -- ironically,
  because we both knew we had lots to tell each other! (My Mistress had told
  me that Master Paul knew about my full-time slavery, but he hadn't told Helen
  except to say that I had a surprise for her, and also that she knew something
  that Helen would want to tell me.) 
My Mistress chimed in smoothly and greeted Helen and Master Paul in a polite
  but friendly manner. &quot;I agree,&quot; she smiled, &quot;we should keep
  such displays of emotion for when we're in private: but then...&quot; -- her
  pause was momentary but loaded with significance to Helen and me! -- &quot;...
  we might even encourage them!&quot; 
She introduced Brenda and Dan to Master Paul: and subtly, in a way that the
  average onlooker would have noticed nothing, she made it quite clear that she
  was presenting inferiors  to a superior !
  For his part, Master Paul was perfectly polite; but his eyes scanned Brenda's
  body slowly, in such a way that she blushed deeply. 
Her embarrassment, however, didn't last long; suddenly, the public address
  system came to life with, &quot;Would all passengers please assemble in the
  main auditorium for important announcements!&quot; 
We happened to be fairly close to the auditorium, so we arrived early enough
  to find seats near the front. While we waited for the rest of the passengers
  to arrive, I overheard some of them saying to each other, &quot;This is much
  earlier than usual: we're not even out of the harbour yet!&quot;, and I wondered
  exactly what they meant. I also wondered, as I noticed the many crew members
  showing passengers to their seats, when we would see them as crew slaves, naked
  except for their collar indicating their function -- and my pulse raced with
  excited anticipation! 
At last everyone seemed to have arrived, and a Lady Officer came in with several
  other officers, all looking very smart in their crisp white uniforms. She took
  her place on the podium and spoke into the PA microphone there: &quot;Ladies
  and gentlemen, welcome aboard -- especially those of you who are with us for
  the first time. 
&quot;As it happens,&quot; she went on, &quot;the first announcement I have
  to make, has to do directly with 'first-timers'! The Purser tells me that,
  on this cruise, we have no first-time passengers who are unaware of the main
  purpose of our cruise, and the activities we all enjoy... which are? Let's
  hear it from you, loudly!&quot; 
Things were happening so differently from our previous cruise, that I wasn't
  quite sure what was going on. But I was left in no doubt by the roar of voices
  that responded to her invitation, calling things like, &quot;Bondage and Discipline!&quot;, &quot;Slavery!&quot;, &quot;Sex
  slavery!&quot; and so on. 
&quot;Right!&quot; said the Lady Officer, now grinning broadly. &quot;This
  time, we don't need to pretend to be an ordinary cruise to start with, for
  the sake of any first-time' slaves whose owners may want to spring a surprise
  on them with an island visit. Hence, we got the ball rolling immediately with
  this assembly, which is the appropriate place for my second announcement: All
  crew slaves below decks, strip!&quot; 
There was an instant flurry of activity as all the crew mambers around the
  room, except the few officers, took off their smart uniforms and dropped them
  on the floor, after taking from the pockets collars, which they fastened around
  their own necks. Then most of them stood at ease, hands clasped behind them,
  and smiled at the passengers: a few quickly collected the discarded uniforms
  and took them out, and within moments it was just as if the clothes had never
  been there! Beside me, Brenda and Dan gasped audibly as they took in this un-selfconscious
  display of nudity, and the speed with which it had appeared. 
The Lady Officer spoke again: &quot;Well done, crew slaves! Now we come to
  the next very enjoyable part of this first assembly. We call it the 'Introduction
  of the Slaves', and it merits a little explanation. 
&quot;Some of you, who have been with us before, may know which of the people
  sitting around you are Masters or Mistresses and which are slaves, but I'm
  sure most of you don't. Obviously, 'first-timers' will know very few, and very
  few will know you: also, as you are aware, sometimes 'owners' and slaves from
  previous cruises choose to change roles the next time. This, then, is the opportunity
  for everyone to announce -- and to find out -- who's who, as it were.&quot; She
  paused, as if to wait for all this to sink in. 
&quot;So,&quot; she continued, &quot;down to business! Who'll be the lucky
  slave to be introduced first? Let's see now...&quot; -- she consulted a list
  -- &quot;... ah yes! The Purser has told me that we have an unusual situation
  on this cruise: namely, a 'first-time' couple who have both nominated to be unaccompanied  slaves.
  Come on up, Brenda and Dan!&quot; 
Brenda and Dan were surprised and somewhat embarrassed; but, encouraged by
  my Mistress and Master Paul, they made their way up to the podium. 
&quot;Welcome to our cruise!&quot; the Lady Officer greeted them, but gave
  them no time to reply before going on: &quot;Now, I assume you know that slaves
  don't speak unless spoken to, and then in the fewest words possible, and that
  you should address your betters properly -- officers as Sir or Ma'am, passengers
  as Master or Mistress. You understand this?&quot; 
Brenda and Dan rose to the occasion and said, &quot;Yes, ma'am.&quot; 
&quot;Good!&quot; was the reply. &quot;The next thing we expect you to be
  aware of, is that slaves are normally naked. There may be exceptions to this,
  but only rarely and by special agreements, but there are never  exceptions
  on this occasion. After all, the passengers want to see what's on offer --
  especially with unaccompanied slaves!&quot; I couldn't see Brenda's and Dan's
  faces, but the Lady Officer's smile told me that her point had struck home. 
&quot;The third thing I want to say,&quot; she went on, &quot;and it's something
  you're not expected to know already, is that the crew slaves at this assembly
  have a job -- as 'strippers'. Obviously, this is not to undress for the audience:
  it is to undress you  for the audience! However, with great
  kindness, we do allow you a choice: you may submit to being stripped by one
  of the crew slaves, or you may choose to undress yourselves, but  with
  a penalty of five strokes with a light cane, in front of everyone here! 
&quot;Well?&quot; she continued without the slightest pause to allow Brenda
  and Dan to consider their choice. &quot;I want your answer now !
  D'you want to take your own clothes off, and pay the penalty? Dan?&quot; 
&quot;No, ma'am,&quot; Dan replied quickly and firmly. 
&quot;Brenda?&quot; 
Brenda stammered slightly, but managed an &quot;Er... no, ma'am,&quot; too. 
&quot;I'm glad,&quot; smiled the Lady Officer, approvingly, &quot;... and
  so is the audience.&quot; She allowed the short burst of enthusiastic applause
  to die down before she went on: &quot;I see that neither of you have much experience
  of slavery, so I'll explain something: my demand for an instant answer was
  just to show you that sometimes you'll be expected to make similar choices,
  with no time at all to consider your options. That's just part of being a slave,
  and I'm pleased that you responded so well! 
&quot;Now,&quot; her tone changed to one of sharp command, &quot;turn to face
  the audience, stand up straight and lift your arms just over your heads!&quot; 
Brenda and Dan obeyed... and their faces betrayed their surprise, as their
  wrists were instantly grabbed from behind, by the officers there, and fastened
  into cuffs that had silently descended from the ceiling! In a moment, their
  arms were pulled high, so that their feet only just bore their wieght and their
  bodies were fully stretched... but they were given no time to get used to this
  position. 
&quot;Strippers, do your job!&quot; ordered the Lady Officer, and two crew
  slaves came forward, a male to face Brenda and a female to face Dan. From where
  I sat, a little to one side, I could see the male slave pause for several seconds,
  smiling into Brenda's eyes, before taking a firm grip with both hands on the
  collar of her light dress. 
Brenda's eyes opened wide, as she realized what was coming, and her mouth
  opened wide. But she managed only a dismayed squeal, which was almost drowned
  by the &quot;R-r-r-rip&quot; of her dress being torn from neck to hem! In a
  moment, the slave was behind her, the dress bunched in his hand but still attached
  to Brenda's shoulders by its thin straps, her whole body revealed except for
  her bra and briefs. 
The slave put one hand between her shoulder-blades to keep her still, as he
  slowly pulled harder and harder on the dress. Suddenly, the thin straps tore
  and Brenda's near-naked body arched forward for a moment, before the slave
  reached his arms around her and steadied her by cupping his hands over her
  generous tits. He kept them there for twenty seconds or so, as if he was fondling
  her, but I could see his fingers carefully feeling out the strength of the
  join between the cups of the bra. 
With great strength, he suddenly tore that join apart and the bra simply fell
  to the floor. Brenda, clearly embarrassed -- but more, I suspected, by the
  manner of her stripping than by the exposure itself -- probably thought the
  slave would now caress her naked breasts, but in fact he took great care not
  to touch them at all. (I remembered that there was a ship's rule about slaves
  not fondling other slaves' bare flesh without specific permission!) 
Now the slave's hands seemed to brush lightly down the sides of Brenda's body,
  and took a firm grip on her briefs where they passed over her hips. He began
  pulling them up and back, and the thin fabric steadily tightened and stretched
  over the mound of her pussy, outlining it even more prominently than before.
  Apparently, the flimsy-looking nylon was quite strong, and the slave had to
  put his knee into the small of Brenda's back to exert more pressure. 
When the briefs finally tore, they did so suddenly and disappeared between
  her thighs as if they'd never been, and the force of the knee in her back thrust
  her hips forward sharply enough to make her feet actually leave the floor.
  Brenda grunted in pain and surprise as her arms took her weight for a moment,
  but she made no more sounds as the slave's hands grasped her hips and steadied
  her again... but held her totally naked body arched slightly forward, as if
  offering it to the gaze of the audience. 
I'd seen Brenda naked last night, of course, but the effect of her public  nakedness
  and the manner of her stripping was enough to make my cock start getting hard
  in my trousers. I realized that I'd been so fascinated by what was happening
  to Brenda, that I hadn't even noticed Dan being simultaneously stripped just
  a few feet away, but there he was, his naked body arched in a similar way to
  Brenda's. 
&quot;Ladies and gentlemen,&quot; the Lady Officer announced dramatically, &quot;I
  present slaves Brenda and Dan! Their registered numbers are 21 and 22...&quot; --
  two officers came forward and hung signs over Brenda's and Dan's heads -- &quot;...
  and although they are unaccompanied slaves, since they are also 'first-timers',
  they will initially be under the patronage of Mistress Tina and Master Paul...&quot; --
  she gave two cabin numbers -- &quot;... until such time as they choose to enter
  full unaccompanied slavery. 
&quot;Now, on with the show! The next unaccompanied slave to be introduced
  is...&quot; 
From then on, things moved more quickly. Another officer joined in, and each
  of the two oversaw the calling up and stripping of slaves, to each side of
  Brenda and Dan and down the sides of the room. After nine unaccompanied slaves,
  Masters and Mistresses were invited to bring up and introduce their own slaves,
  in no particular order: I was called up quite early, and my beloved Helen was
  one of the last, on the other side of the room. 
Only two slaves chose to undress themselves, and the 'strippers' seemed able
  to vary the methods they used for almost every slave. For example: one woman
  had her clothing carefully slit at the back until only threads held it together,
  then a sudden quick tug at the front and it all just fell off to reveal her
  magnificent figure; a man had a hole cut in his trousers to expose his cock
  and balls first of all, then gradually widened until his remaining clothing
  fell away; one or two slave were wearing many layers, which were removed one
  by one; and one male slave wore, as his last undergarment, a sort of cod-piece
  that turned out to be glued  to his shaved crotch, and had
  to be pulled off by force, to a series of squeals of pretended agony! 
As the slaves left their chairs to be 'introduced', the crew slaves removed
  the chairs. Finally, 57 slaves -- I counted them -- were displayed around the
  walls of the room, and perhaps 70 or so Masters and Mistresses -- they weren't
  as easy to count -- were sitting in its centre: not only were there some unaccompanied
  slaves, but also there were clearly a number of 'owners' without their own
  slaves. 
The Lady Officer announced at last, &quot;That's all the passenger slaves,
  I believe, ladies and gentlemen. It's not as large a number as usual, but I
  think you'll agree that it's a fine lot of bodies and will give us all lots
  of fun! Also, because we have fewer passengers than usual on this cruise, and
  therefore the crew won't be very busy, the officers have donated some crew
  slaves, which will mean there's at least one slave per passenger.&quot; 
At that moment, through the main door of the room, another officer led in
  22 more naked men and women, who were soon lined up alongside all us other
  slaves and arranged in the same way. As this was happening, the Lady Officer
  went on, &quot;These will be unaccompanied slaves for the duration of this
  cruise, and will be treated as such: they will have no crew duties at all,
  and therefore their collars are being removed, and they will live in the slave
  quarters and be available for you all to claim and use for your amusement and
  pleasure.&quot; 
Eventually, she announced, &quot;That is the end of the 'Introduction of the
  Slaves', and now it's time for the 'Inspection of the Slaves'. Dinner will
  be in two hours, and the slaves will remain on display here for 90 minutes.
  Please feel free to take a closer look at any slave that might interest you:
  you may note his or her number to obtain further details from the Purser's
  office, you may ask them questions and, of course, 'hands-on' inspection is
  positively encouraged! I and these officers will be on hand if you require
  any assistance. Enjoy!&quot; 
It was a strange scene to be part of: eighty-odd stark naked bodies standing
  in a semi-circle, our arms held up and so unable to cover any part of our nakedness,
  and a similar number of fully-clothed men and women sitting and looking at
  us, or moving quietly from one slave to another, 'inspecting' us just as if
  we were prime horse-flesh. It was embarrassing but, at the same time, very
  very exciting, and my cock was at least semi-hard throughout -- assisted, of
  course, by many hands (mainly Mistresses, but also some Masters) fondling it
  thoroughly and expertly! Most of their interest was in my sexual parts, but
  almost every inch of my body -- like that of all the slaves -- was stroked,
  pinched, prodded or tickled at some stage. 
I behaved myself well, answering any questions simply and humbly -- even some
  very intimate ones! I noticed a few slaves who weren't so co-operative: two
  or three females tried to cross their thighs when a Master's hand wanted to
  explore between them, only to have a spreader fixed between their ankles; and
  a few slaves obviously insulted, or were insolent to, passengers and were gagged
  for their trouble. 
Yet even the non-co-operation and disobedience was very obviously part of
  the game, done in order to 'test' the dominance of the Masters and Mistresses,
  or even to incur penalties deliberately. I knew, too, that I would probably
  act in the same way at some time on this cruise, but right now I was enjoying
  the exciting strangeness of the situation and my erotic helplessness to resist
  the hands running over my naked shackled body! 
Eventually, the Lady Officer announced the end of the 'inspection'. My Mistress,
  who hadn't come near me the whole time, and had hardly looked at me except
  for one or two nods and quick smiles, took charge of me again: with handcuffs
  holding my wrists behind my back, I followed her across to Brenda and Dan,
  where we were met by Master Paul and Helen. 
&quot;Now that you've been formally introduced to the passengers,&quot; my
  Mistress addressed Brenda and Dan with a smile, &quot;we'll be able to go on
  to (shall we say?) the next step of your introduction to slavery on this ship.
  OK?&quot; 
&quot;Unless, of course,&quot; continued Master Paul before they could answer, &quot;you've
  already had an offer that you want to take up?&quot; 
&quot;No, Master Paul,&quot; was their reply, and in a few moments their arms
  were released from the hanging cuffs and their wrists were handcuffed behind
  them. Then my Mistress and Master Paul put spring clamps on their nipples,
  attached them to leashes and led them back to their cabin, with Helen and me
  following behind. 
Inside their cabin, Brenda and Dan watched as Master Paul, almost ceremoniously,
  locked the cupboard containing all their clothes; their smiles were a touch
  wry, but their eyes were bright with excitement, when my Mistress stressed
  the point with a grin and the words, &quot;Just think -- you won't be needing
  those at all for nearly two whole weeks: right now, you're wearing all the
  clothes that proper slaves are allowed!&quot; 
The new slaves' eyes were wide with interest, too, as my Mistress and Master
  Paul pointed out the many hooks and rings that seemed to have sprouted all
  over the cabin, on the beds, chairs, walls, floor and ceiling. &quot;Some of
  the crew slaves were busy converting this cabin for slave occupancy while we
  were out,&quot; they were told. &quot;When you're here alone, I'm sure you'll
  have a lot of fun, imagining how these rings etcetera might be used... not
  to mention all this!&quot; 
At these words, Master Paul opened the other cupboard, the one containing
  the quite extensive array of gear designed for bondage and discipline: Brenda's
  and Dan's eyes grew even wider, but more in anticipation than in fear, I could
  see. &quot;Obviously,&quot; said Master Paul with a smile, &quot;there's far
  too much here to even start telling you, in the short time before dinner, how
  it can be used: in any case, it'll be much more fun to show  you
  directly... eh, Tina? Besides...&quot; 
He paused, his gaze coming to rest on Brenda's face, before he went on, &quot;...
  I haven't yet had a good look at the slave-girl I've agreed to help look after,
  have I?&quot; Compared to the long and speculative look he'd given Brenda's
  clothed body earlier, the way he now let his eyes travel slowly over every
  inch of her nakedness was far more thorough, intimate and frankly possessive.
  Brenda, who must have become at least a little used to this kind of thing during
  the 'inspection', still blushed deeply under the intensity of his gaze; but,
  thanks to the cuffs holding her hands behind her, she couldn't avoid it. 
&quot;Very nice,&quot; murmured Master Paul at last. &quot;I don't think I'll
  mind at all, looking after you!&quot; He moved closer and started to run his
  hands all over Brenda's voluptuous body, saying as he did so, &quot;I went
  to the Purser's office during your inspection, and added my name to Mistress
  Tina's to be responsible for you and Dan until you ask us to release you into
  proper unaccompanied slavery. I also read the information you lodged there,
  about your interests and so on, and I'm sure we won't have any trouble making
  your slavery very enjoyable... like now, for instance.&quot; 
What he meant was quite clear to us all, to none more than to Brenda: by now,
  one of his hands was between her thighs, cupping her pussy and playing with
  the lips of her cunt and her clit, while the other caressed her large breasts
  and toyed with her prominent nipples. Brenda's breathing began to quicken,
  and one or two small moans escaped her lips, as his clever fingers aroused
  her excitement... but only for a minute or so, before he drew back with a smile. 
&quot;That's just a small sample,&quot; he said. &quot;We don't have time
  for any more before dinner. Afterwards, though, we'll really have some fun!&quot; 
Telling Brenda and Dan to shower, comb their hair, and so on, my Mistress
  and Master Paul left them to return to their own cabins and change for dinner. &quot;See
  that you're waiting on your knees when we return to fetch you!&quot; was the
  last order before the cabin door was closed, locking them inside. 
My Mistress led me to her cabin, where I helped her shower and change. After
  showering myself, my wrists were again cuffed behind my back, and I followed
  her back to Brenda's and Dan's cabin... where we found Brenda kneeling alone
  on the floor! 
&quot;Where's Dan?&quot; demanded my Mistress. 
&quot;Master Paul came a few minutes ago, Mistress,&quot; replied Brenda. &quot;He
  seemed to be in a bit of a hurry, and he couldn't decide which of us to take
  to dinner. So he tossed a coin, and took Dan.&quot; 
My Mistress was clearly a bit annoyed that Master Paul had acted without consulting
  her, but she was too fair-minded to take it out on Brenda. &quot;It's not your
  fault,&quot; she said. &quot;Come along then, slave-girl.&quot; She fastened
  Brenda's wrists similarly to mine, and went on, &quot;I want you to walk side-by-side
  with slave Peter: watch how he behaves, and follow his lead.&quot; 
Brenda and I walked obediently behind my Mistress to the dining room, where
  -- to her surprise -- my Mistress found that she had been placed at a different
  table from Master Paul's. She ordered us to our knees, telling us to wait while
  she went to speak to him. As it happened, none of the other passengers at her
  table had arrived yet, so Brenda and I had a chance to chat for a few moments. 
&quot;How are we supposed to eat,&quot; asked Brenda, &quot;with our hands
  behind our back like this?&quot; I told her that either my Mistress would feed
  us, or we would have to eat straight out of a bowl on the floor. &quot;Oh yes,&quot; she
  replied, &quot;I remember now: you had to do that when you first visited us,
  didn't you? I'm not quite sure how I'll manage, though.&quot; 
She didn't have to, as it turned out: although I had to eat from a bowl like
  a pet, my Mistress chose to feed Brenda herself. Brenda behaved beautifully,
  'begging' nicely and daintily accepting the morsels of food from my Mistress'
  fork; at one point, she smiled at me and whispered, &quot;This is fun, isn't
  it? So deliciously humiliating!&quot; 
We slaves were supposed to keep quiet, while my Mistress and her companions
  chatted animatedly over their meal; they pretended hardly to notice us, but
  my Mistress still managed to feed Brenda adequately and skillfully. The lack
  of attention or cnversation, however, detracted hardly at all from our enjoyment
  of our surroundings: Brenda, in particular, was understandably fascinated by
  the sights around her -- the other slaves kneeling or standing beside their
  'owners', and especially the crew slaves as they went about serving the meal.
  More than once, she found the cock or pussy of a male or female crew member
  passing within inches of her face as they brushed past her kneeling form to
  serve food or remove dishes! 
After dinner, my Mistress took us across to join Master Paul and Helen and
  Dan. Unlike Brenda and I, the latter two had their ankles hobbled but their
  hands free; as we made our way back to Brenda's and Dan's cabin, Helen was
  told to use her hands to lead Dan and me with a good grip on our cocks, while
  my Mistress and Master Paul led Brenda themselves, each with a thumb and finger
  grasping one of her nipples. Inside their cabin, Brenda and Dan were told that
  the time had come for them to submit to &quot;several hours of bondage, tight
  and maybe uncomfortable, and possibly even a little pain!&quot;; significantly
  -- and this wasn't lost on them -- they weren't even asked to agree or refuse! 
&quot;But first,&quot; said Master Paul, &quot;it's time for Helen to greet
  Peter... properly!... in private!...&quot; He positioned Helen and me between
  the two beds, standing face to face with Helen on a low box to bring her face
  level with mine, then &quot;OK, Helen,&quot; he went on, &quot;use your hands
  on Peter's cock...&quot; -- it took but a moment for my cock to get hard -- &quot;...
  now put it between your thighs and hold it tight... now give him the kiss you
  almost started this afternoon, and make it as deep and passionate as you like...
  and don't stop kissing him until you're ordered to! &quot; 
With Helen's thighs clutching my erect cock, her magnificent tits pressed
  into my chest, her arms around me, her soft lips clamped on mine and her tongue
  exploring my mouth, I was hoping the order to stop wouldn't come too soon.
  And my wish was granted: our kiss must have lasted at least an hour! Not only
  were we kept together by Master Paul's order; he also wrapped straps tightly
  around our thighs, waists, and shoulders, and more loosely around our necks,
  and Helen's arms were tied to keep them in place around my back. 
Soon after this arrangement was completed, I suddenly saw, past Helen's head,
  Master Paul taking aim with a cane at her bum. There was no warning for her,
  just a swish followed by a smack: her surprised squeal into my mouth was interrupted
  by Master Paul's voice saying, &quot;That was for greeting Peter this afternoon
  with such misplaced enthusiasm, but even more serious...&quot; -- two more
  strokes landed across Helen's buttocks -- &quot;... those were for forgetting
  to greet Mistress Tina first, and for not asking her permission even to speak
  to her slave! 
&quot;Now that you've paid your penalty, slave-girl,&quot; continued Master
  Paul after a moment, &quot;you may enjoy each other's company while we introduce
  these new slaves to some of the interesting activities on board this ship.&quot; And
  so, while Helen and I 'enjoyed' our predicament -- and we did! -- my Mistress
  and Master Paul turned their attention to Brenda and Dan. 
I found that, thanks to the mirrors with which the cabin was well equipped,
  I could see, past Helen's head, a good deal of what was happening; and I think
  Helen could do likewise. I watched my Mistress with Dan, as she made him kneel
  on a bed with his ankles spread and fastened to rings on its side; then she
  tied his wrists to his ankles, and made him push his hips well forward. In
  a mirror, I caught glimpses of Master Paul setting Brenda up in the same way. 
Now, both my Mistress and Master Paul began asking their captives questions,
  alternating between Brenda and Dan. The 'interrogation' went something like
  this.... 
&quot;What are you?&quot; 
&quot;A slave, Master.&quot; 
&quot;Whose slave?&quot; 
&quot;Yours, Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;Not quite the answer we wanted: try again.&quot; 
&quot;Your slave, Master and Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;You're getting warmer: try again.&quot; 
At this point, both Brenda and Dan admitted they didn't know the correct answer,
  and they were told, &quot;You nominated for this cruise as unaccompanied slaves,
  which means that you're the public property of all  the Masters
  and Mistresses on board. There'll be a penalty for your stupidity later. Now,
  how long have you been such public property?&quot; 
&quot;Since the 'Introduction of Slaves' this afternoon, Master.&quot; 
&quot;Correct. Now we want you to tell us how you felt during that introduction
  and the following inspection, in as much detail as you can.&quot; 
Brenda's and Dan's replies, combined into a single sequence, went something
  like this: &quot;I was very nervous at first, but also felt excitement and
  anticipation as we went up to the podium. I almost took the choice of undressing
  myself,&quot; -- this was Brenda speaking -- &quot;but I decided that being
  undressed couldn't be too bad and, anyway, I would be able to resist them taking
  'liberties' with me. But my hands being taken and held out of the way removed
  this possibility; and, when I suddenly realized...&quot; -- both of them mentioned
  this -- &quot;... that my clothes were to be ripped off, I did feel some fear
  and wondered if I'd put myself at the mercy of real sadists. 
&quot;Almost before I knew it, I was stark naked, and the fear of really being
  hurt was lost in the feelings of shame at my helpless exposure to so many people.
  This was a bit strange, because I'm not ashamed of my body and I usually don't
  mind being naked in front of one or two other people; but this was different,
  somehow, and these feelings persisted even when the audience's attention left
  me to watch the stripping of the other slaves. Gradually, my fear disappeared
  entirely, as I watched other slaves who had obviously submitted to this before,
  and real sadism or pain seemed much less likely. 
&quot;The fear was gone, but the shame got stronger when the inspection started;
  by now I'd recognized that my helplessness and inability to cover myself was
  a big part of these feelings. At first, I tried to close my mind and pretend
  this wasn't happening, but one of the first Mistresses to inspect me...&quot; --
  this was Dan -- &quot;... started to fondle me very intimately and skillfully:
  I just couldn't ignore it, so I decided to try to relax and enjoy it. 
&quot;Suddenly everything changed: the humiliation itself became exciting,
  and the feeling was strengthened by my helplessness and my knowledge that I
  was totally at her mercy! Somehow, I knew that a serious request to be released
  would be honoured; but this knowledge seemed to make it unnecessary to make
  that request.&quot; 
My Mistress and Master Paul listened closely; at the end, they said, &quot;That
  was interesting, slaves. Now we want you both to describe, in very explicit
  detail, the inspections you each enjoyed most... and least.&quot; 
This took a little time, with Brenda and Dan describing the sensations of
  hands on their tits, nipples, bums, between their legs and on their cock or
  cunt or clit, and so on... and my Mistress and Master Paul duplicating the
  actions they described! 
Finally, there was &quot;... one last question: was there any part of your
  bodies that every Master or Mistress inspected?&quot; 
&quot;Yes,&quot; both Brenda and Dan replied, &quot;my mouth and lips
    and tongue.&quot; 
&quot;Right!&quot; was the response. &quot;We assume you're learning
    about your slavery quickly enough to know what that means without having
    to be told: instead, you will now practise what it means!&quot; 
Within two minutes, Brenda and Dan were re-tied face up on their respective
    beds, with their heads hanging over the ends and their legs drawn over until
    their ankles could be fastened to the corners of the beds beside their heads.
    They were also blindfolded -- &quot;We want you to pass this next initiation
    stage, before you'll be allowed to see a Master or Mistress naked,&quot; they
    were told. 
Helen and I were freed, then my Mistress and Master Paul stripped
    and all four of us took turns to put our pussies and cocks to Brenda's and
    Dan's mouths, and to fondle their wide-open and easily accessible crotches.
    However, when Master Paul first put his cock to Dan's mouth, and my Mistress
    her pussy to Brenda's, they both shook their heads, clearly reluctant to
    co-operate; but my Mistress bent down and said quietly, &quot;You must understand
    that unaccompanied slaves are the property of both Masters and Mistresses,
    and that one slave's mouth, whether male or female, is as good as another's.
    We'll use a cane on your beautifully exposed bums until you're willing to
    co-operate, but if we reach a certain number before you agree, we'll tell
    the Purser that you're not really prepared to be unaccompanied slaves.&quot; 
Brenda gave in after Master Paul gave her just one fairly light cut
    with the cane, pushing her tongue well out to taste my Mistress' pussy. But,
    a little later, my Mistress had to give the tautly stretched flesh of Dan's
    buttocks three increasingly firm strokes before he opened his mouth to accept
    Master Paul's cock. Later, he sucked and licked my cock, too; although it
    was obvious that he didn't really enjoy this and had probably never done
    it before, he was still able to give me a good deal of pleasure. Finally,
    after forty minutes or so, my Mistress climaxed with Dan's tongue busy on
    her clit, and Master Paul, having been brought to the brink of his orgasm
    by Brenda's mouth, withdrew his cock and allowed it to spurt its juices over
    her tits and belly. 
Brenda's and Dan's blindfolds were removed, and they were allowed
    a brief glimpse of my Mistress' and Master Paul's naked bodies before the
    latter got dressed. Then they looked down at Brenda and Dan and asked smilingly, &quot;Well,
    how did you like your first taste of your public slavery?&quot; 
&quot;It wasn't exactly as I expected,&quot; was the gist of their
    replies, &quot;but it was  exciting and I'm sure it'll be
    a lot of fun!&quot; 
&quot;We can promise that you'll find a lot of things unexpected,&quot; responded
    my Mistress with a grin, &quot;but you can also be sure that it'll be fun!
    Now, Paul, shall we change their bondage?...&quot; 
Before Master Paul could answer, Brenda piped up tentatively, &quot;May
    I ask something, Master?&quot; When he gave permission, she went on, &quot;Please,
    will you tickle my clit and make me come? After all the fondling during the
    inspection this afternoon and just now, then giving you pleasure, now I'm
    so excited....&quot; 
&quot;No, slave-girl, not now,&quot; replied Master Paul. &quot;You
    must learn that your  pleasure isn't important: you'll be
    given an orgasm when it amuses me or another Master to watch you.&quot; 
Brenda was clearly disappointed, but she submitted, along with Dan,
    to being tied in a standing spreadeagle against the wall. Soon afterwards
    there was a tap on the door -- my Mistress had called room service a little
    earlier -- and she opened it to admit a 'steward' slave-girl: she was carrying
    a tray, attached to a very  tight belt around her narrow
    waist, its outer corners supported by thin chains to rings piercing her nipples;
    in addition, her wrists and elbows were tied behind her back, and she was
    hobbled by a short chain. 
Helen and I were ordered to remove the contents of the tray; the crew
    slave then turned to Master Paul and asked him to sign for the order... with
    a felt-tip pen on her bum! He did so, noting that there were several signatures
    already there, and asked her how long she would be on duty: &quot;I'm on
    the night shift, sir,&quot; she replied cheerfully, &quot;and I'm on duty
    until sunrise. The first night after the 'Introduction', it seems no-one
    sleeps at all!&quot; 
My Mistress and Master Paul got comfortable with their drinks and
    nibbles, and Helen and I were told to give Brenda and Dan something to drink
    and to have some ourselves. Then we were ordered to kneel and face each other,
    and I wondered what was about to happen. 
&quot;You both know,&quot; said my Mistress, &quot;that you each have
    something to tell the other. Now's your chance: Peter first.&quot; 
I'd hoped that I would be able to tell Helen my news in private, just
    between us, but now I had no option; I told her about my submission to full-time
    slavery to my Mistress, including how it happened and even our meeting and
    'recruitment' of Brenda and Dan. She was fascinated and obviously very happy
    for me, and wanted to ask me lots of questions about the terms of my slavery
    and my treatment and so on. 
Finally, Master Paul stopped her questions and said, &quot;Now it's
    your turn, Helen: tell Peter your  news.&quot; 
&quot;Well, Peter,&quot; she said, her eyes shining with excitement, &quot;remember
    me telling you about the loan my Master had to take, for us to take our 'honeymoon'
    on that last cruise?... Well, your Mistress has paid off that loan and, without
    that obligation on him, my Master has left his job -- otherwise we wouldn't
    have been able to come on this cruise so soon. But the best part is: my Master
    will be starting a new job after this cruise... as an officer on this ship!&quot; 
I stared at her in amazement as she went on, her words almost falling
    over each other in her excitement: &quot;Just think: we'll be on the ship
    full-time, one cruise after another, and I'll be a crew slave! Unfortunately...&quot; She
    paused and looked at me almost sadly before going on, &quot;... for us, it
    means that I'll be spending some of this cruise 'trying out' for a suitable
    crew position, and so you and I will see less of each other.&quot; 
She chattered on for a while, and I asked some questions, including &quot;What
    sort of crew position would you like?&quot; 
&quot;Whatever my Master wants me to do,&quot; was her reply; but
    here Master Paul interjected, insisting that she express at least some preference. &quot;Well,&quot; she
    mused, &quot;maybe a job like Nicole's in the Purser's office: I'd meet lots
    of passengers and perhaps learn about the exciting activities that interest
    them all!&quot; 
For my part, I had to admit that I was more than a little envious
    of my beloved Helen: her future seemed to me enormously exciting! 
Later, my Mistress and Master Paul released Brenda and Dan and said
    to them, &quot;Tonight we'll leave you completely unshackled. You should
    be aware that this is a big favour, to be able to cuddle each other freely:
    normally, slaves are only allowed to touch each other for the amusement of
    Masters and Mistresses, and they spend their nights either in bondage or
    shackled apart or even separated. Just see that you don't wear yourselves
    out, and get some sleep: there'll be lots of time and plenty of activity
    over the coming days! 
&quot;As unaccompanied slaves,&quot; was the final instruction, &quot;you'll
    be woken by a siren piped in here one hour before breakfast. We'll come to
    collect you any time after half an hour later: be sure that you're waiting
    appropriately!&quot; 
They turned the light out and left with Helen and me. To my disappointment,
    they took us each to their own cabins: I'd hoped for some more activities
    with Helen! Instead, my Mistress simply made me undress her and give her
    a gentle massage, before we settled down to sleep, with me shackled on my
    hard pallet. 
Next morning I woke early and, following my instructions, waited for my shackles
  to open automatically so that I could get up quietly and shower without waking
  my Mistress. Then I roused her very gently, and helped her to bathe and dress. 
While she was dressing, Master Paul phoned and arranged with her to meet us
  at Brenda's and Dan's cabin. When she was ready, she encased my arms in a 'single-sleeve'
  behind my back, then put clamps on my nipples and attached a leash to them.
  She led me out and down to Brenda's and Dan's cabin, where we met Master Paul
  and Helen, the latter wearing a sleeve and nipple clamps exactly like mine. 
Master Paul opened the cabin door, to reveal Brenda and Dan kneeling just
  inside, their bodies held erect and their hands clasped behind them. He and
  my Mistress looked down at them for a long moment, saying nothing but with
  approval clear on their faces. 
&quot;Well, slaves,&quot; said my Mistress at length, &quot;we trust you enjoyed
  your last night of relative freedom for some time. Today you'll learn a little
  more about the life of slaves on board this ship. Dan, fetch two pairs of ankle
  cuffs with short hobbles... put one pair on slave Brenda's ankles... now, Brenda,
  put the other pair on Dan... good, now you may follow us, and you can take
  these other slaves' leashes to bring them along as well!&quot; 
So off we all went to the breakfast room, our 'owners' sauntering casually
  in front, Brenda and Dan hobbling behind them, and Helen and myself bringing
  up the rear at the ends of our leashes. Naturally, we encountered other people
  going in the same direction: my Mistress and Master Paul greeted their equals
  cordially, and we slaves smiled at our  equals, a little shyly
  and -- in the case of Brenda and Dan -- a touch embarrassed by their nakedness
  and that of the other slaves. 
Their embarrassment, however, detracted little from their interest in what
  was going on around them: during breakfast, which they had to serve to my Mistress
  and Master Paul -- as well as feeding Helen and me! -- their eyes were busy,
  constantly taking in the sight of the many other slaves, almost all as stark
  naked as themselves, shackled in an enormous variety of ways, and obediently
  waiting on their own Masters or Mistresses. 
After breakfast, we all went on a tour of the ship -- a leisurely one, since
  Brenda and Dan were still wearing the short hobbles that restricted their walk
  to little more than a shuffle! In addition, their wrists were bound behind
  them with the ends of the leashes attached to Helen's and my nipples, Brenda
  to Helen and Dan to me. My Mistress and Master Paul showed them how things
  were done and explained many of the rules in force for slaves; they were given
  permission to ask any questions they wished, so long as they never interrupted
  our 'owners', and we slaves were allowed to chat between ourselves, so long
  as we were quiet and didn't disturb our 'betters'. 
Now that we were well out at sea, and no other shipping was nearby, we slaves
  -- both passenger and crew -- were naked on deck as well as below decks. As
  at breakfast, Brenda and Dan were fascinated by the constant display of both
  male and female bodies, as the passengers went about the activities common
  to any cruise ship: swimming, sunbathing, deck games, or simply relaxing. They
  saw the casualness with which the Masters and Mistresses treated their slaves,
  an attitude that was clearly contrived to appear natural, but was often betrayed
  by the intense interest with which those same Masters and Mistresses would
  fondle the naked bodies of their own or other slaves. 
Nor did Brenda and Dan themselves escape their share of such fondling! On
  a dozen or more occasions, other Masters or Mistresses, with whom my Mistress
  and Master Paul were chatting, asked their leave with a casual &quot;May I?&quot; and
  a glance at one or other of us four slaves: never once was it refused, and
  Brenda or Dan -- or, for that matter, Helen or I! -- had to submit to hands
  running in a proprietary and exploratory manner over our nakedness. With our
  hands fastened behind us, there was of course nothing at all we could do to
  prevent this: even an attempt to run away would have been hopeless, with Brenda's
  and Dan's hobbled ankles and Helen's and my nipples leashed to their bound
  wrists. 
Helen's and my previous experiences had accustomed us to this treatment; but
  Brenda and Dan, despite the 'inspection' of the previous afternoon, were still
  not quite used to being handled by complete strangers in this way. To their
  credit, however, they never even demurred -- although several times Brenda
  blushed deeply, when some Master's fingers deliberately slipped between her
  thighs and parted the lips of her cunt, and once an even deeper flush crossed
  Dan's face, when a very attractive Mistress smiled sexily into his eyes while
  she stroked his cock into a hard erection... for all to see! 
It was this public  exposure, they confessed to Helen and
  me, that was most difficult to get used to: it was so different from the private
  nakedness and slavery games they had enjoyed since meeting my Mistress and
  me, and also from two evenings ago at their motel with us, or last night with
  Master Paul and Helen as well. Helen and I commiserated with them, and assured
  them that they would eventually get more used to it... but perhaps never completely,
  as we proved by blushing ourselves at some particularly intimate handling.
  We suggested, however, that this could be part of the great fun of being slaves;
  and I think they believed us. 
Brenda and Dan were especially interested in another aspect of the ship: namely,
  the crew slaves, whom we saw carrying out their various duties, some under
  supervision and others all on their own. Their un-selfconscious nakedness,
  the tanned attractiveness of their bodies, and their cheerful obedience to
  their officers, seemed to fascinate the two new slaves: they wanted to know
  the meaning of each crew member's 'uniform' -- the collars that were their
  only 'clothing', colour-coded to signify the various duties they were assigned
  to. And they watched avidly when, once or twice, my Mistress or Master Paul
  stopped a passing crew slave to give him or her a brief fondle -- perhaps with
  a touch of regret that they'd agreed to my Mistress' suggestion to be slaves
  on this cruise? 
I, too, was interested... in one particular crew slave, whom we came across
  working in the ship's communications centre. It was Wendy, the girl who, on
  our previous cruise, had teamed with me to win a deck-games contest; we'd been
  rewarded by being allowed to screw, on the open deck and with all the other
  contestants and their 'owners' watching! My Mistress remembered her, too, and
  allowed me to chat with her a while, in the intervals between the messages
  she had to handle. 
Wendy told me that she'd been accepted as a permanent crew slave and, to her
  delight, as the personal slave of the officer she'd hoped would take her on.
  She was loving  it, &quot;...although,&quot; she admitted
  with a wry smile, &quot;my job on this cruise isn't as much fun as on some
  others!&quot; We could all see what she meant: she was virtually alone in a
  small room, and bound tightly to a hard, straight-backed chair, with her legs
  spread widely, her ankles drawn back, and her wrists shackled to the switchboard
  she was operating. Only the occasional visit by passengers or officers relieved
  the tedium of her job, she told us... and smiled gratefully when Master Paul
  took her hint and caressed her wide-open pussy for a minute or two! 
&quot;But it's worth it,&quot; she went on cheerfully. &quot;When we're both
  off duty, my officer gives me lots of exciting bondage, and so many orgasms
  that I lose count! And then there are the group activities with the other crew
  slaves... and sometimes with the passengers as well. Excuse me.&quot; She was
  interrupted by an incoming call, and we left her to continue our tour. 
We finished it shortly before lunch, and my Mistress and Master Paul decided
  it was time to give Helen and me some relief from the clamps pinching our nipples.
  Relief it certainly was, but not without some considerable discomfort: after
  the clamps were removed -- which itself gave us a thrill of pleasure mixed
  with pain -- Brenda and Dan were ordered to suck and nibble on our nipples
  -- mine and Helen's respectively, and their lips and teeth on that very tender
  flesh were both erotic and intensely uncomfortable! 
During lunch itself, Helen's and my arms were freed, while the leashes still
  binding Brenda's and Dan's wrists were passed between their legs and the clamps
  fastened on their nipples. They knelt beside our 'owners' as Helen and I served
  lunch, feeding them and ourselves only when those 'owners' were satisfied. 
My Mistress and Master Paul chatted as they ate, mainly passing explicit comments
  about slaves, both passenger and crew, who passed by. Eventually, they began
  to discuss what they might do that afternoon: they turned to Brenda and Dan
  and said, &quot;Now that you have some idea of what happens on this ship, we'll
  grant you the privilege of suggesting what we might do this afternoon.&quot; 
The two slaves thought for a moment, then Brenda suggested &quot;... some
  activity with other slaves and Masters and Mistresses around, to help us get
  used to our nakedness and so on, and prepare for our proper unaccompanied slavery.&quot; &quot;Yes,&quot; chimed
  in Dan, &quot;and we overheard someone talking about classes in fitness and
  manners for slaves this afternoon; could we perhaps go to those?&quot; 
&quot;A very good idea,&quot; replied Master Paul. &quot;In fact, I think
  unaccompanied slaves are expected to attend those classes, anyway.&quot; 
&quot;Slave Peter can go along, too,&quot; said my Mistress. &quot;It can't
  do him any harm. How about Helen?&quot; she asked Master Paul. 
&quot;I'm afraid not,&quot; was his almost regretful answer. &quot;We have
  an appointment with some officers, regarding my slave-girl's place on the crew.&quot; 
So it was just Brenda and Dan and I who made our way to the designated part
  of the deck, and joined about twenty other slaves for the first 'class', one
  intended to improve our fitness. The exercises were led by a female crew slave,
  supervised by a male officer: the former had a trim but well-rounded body,
  which she -- quite un-selfconscious at its nudity -- could put into amazing
  gyrations and contortions, and which had the inevitable effect on the cocks
  of the watching male slaves. Although not so obviously, the female slaves were
  similarly affected by the officer, whose skin-tight leotards showed off his
  slim but muscular body and his clearly well-endowed crotch! 
&quot;Remember, slaves,&quot; he told us, &quot;your fitness means a body
  that looks good naked. Also, the paying passengers on this ship prefer slaves
  who are supple enough to endure easily a large variety of bondage ideas.&quot; And
  to this end he worked us pretty hard, using the lovely naked body of his slave
  assistant to demonstrate what we should be aiming for. 
There was, however, some opportunity for us slaves to rest between exercises,
  and to chat with the partners we were randomly paired with. The exercises themselves
  involved a good deal of touching and even massaging, as we helped each other
  to stretch our muscles and tendons, and it wasn't easy to resist the temptation
  to fondle each other's bodies in more intimate ways -- but for the watchful
  eyes of the officer, who saw to it that none of that went on! For some of the
  time I was paired with Brenda, whose smiles and sparkling eyes showed how she
  was enjoying herself; and I also noticed Dan having little difficulty in chatting
  brightly with his partners. 
After more than an hour of this, we slaves were given a quick hose-down and
  rub dry, before resuming with the 'manners' class. This was supervised by a
  severe but attractive female officer, who used two crew slaves, male and female,
  as examples of 'proper' slave behaviour. &quot;This behaviour,&quot; she told
  us, &quot;will be expected of you on this cruise, so you better learn it well.
  Unaccompanied slaves may be claimed to serve many Masters and Mistresses, so
  it's best to have common conventions for behaviour that are understood by all
  passengers. You'll learn how to stand, sit, kneel and so on, how to walk, serve
  food and drink, and how to pose your naked bodies to their best advantage.&quot; 
At her curt commands and signals, the two crew slaves demonstrated the correct
  responses and 'manners', then we other slaves had to practise them. For those
  actually involving 'owners', some Masters and Mistresses who had previously
  been watching, were called on to accept the service and poses of us trainees':
  this meant that we slaves had an opportunity to be close to, and even to talk
  with, a number of different 'owners'. After the weeks of serving my Mistress
  exclusively, I found myself enjoying this a lot! 
I also tried to 'keep an eye on' Brenda and Dan. By the time another hour
  or so had passed, I could already see their confidence growing: they held their
  naked bodies more proudly and un-selfconsciously than before, yet they also
  showed the humility and servility that was excpected of us slaves. When the
  class was over, and we were waiting for my Mistress to reclaim us, I told them
  what I'd noticed: they accepted my compliment gracefully, and agreed that they
  were beginning to feel more at ease. 
My Mistress, who had disappeared during the classes, returned and told us
  that she wanted a swim, and we were to join her. At the pool, she shrugged
  off the robe she was wearing, to reveal a stunning one-piece swimsuit, cut
  very high over her hips and low at the back and clinging to every inch of her
  slim but shapely body. Instantly, Dan's and my cocks started to get hard. 
&quot;You male slaves are funny!&quot; my Mistress laughed delightedly. &quot;All
  these naked female slaves around, yet you still get excited at the sight of
  a perfectly decent swimsuit! However, I'll take it as a compliment... and it's
  given me an idea, to put your interest to good use!&quot; She reached down
  to grasp our cocks, one in each hand, and went on, &quot;To save me the effort,
  I want you to pull me -- at least two laps of the pool!&quot; 
The task she demanded wasn't all that easy, but it was enjoyable in its own
  rather humiliating fashion. Dan and I had to swim backstroke, while my Mistress
  simply relaxed in the water and allowed us to tow her along; her skillful hands
  kept squeezing and relaxing on our cocks, maintaining their erection and hence
  providing her with a good grip and, at the same time, making our task more
  fun! Afterwards, we were allowed to swim by ourselves, but she made a point
  of reminding us that slaves were always expected to swim backstroke, so that
  our cocks and balls -- or, in Brenda's case, tits and pussy -- would be on
  view as much as possible. 
A little later I was relaxing in a corner of the pool, when there was a sudden
  splash and I found Helen beside me. Hardly giving me time to respond to her
  bright eyes and big smile, she said, &quot;I've just had a lovely time with
  some of the senior officers, who were checking my suitablility for a crew slave
  job!&quot; I prompted her for more details, and spent the next few minutes
  listening in fascination. 
&quot;Well,&quot; she said, &quot;first they tied me standing spreadeagled
  in the middle of the room, and inspected me very very thoroughly: I don't think
  I've ever had every inch of me touched and stroked and prodded so carefully...
  unless it was that inspection at Mistress Anne's, remember?&quot; (Those readers
  who have read my first tale will know what she meant; those who haven't, well,
  I'm afraid I can't enlighten you!) &quot;At the end, I was thrilled to hear
  them tell Master Paul that there was no problem with me physically, in fact
  I'm one of the most attractive slaves they've ever seen!&quot; 
I started to say that I could have told them that, but she carried on with
  barely a pause: &quot;Then they asked me and Master Paul a whole lot of questions
  about my skills and interests, not only in the work I used to do or housekeeping,
  but in sexual things as well! I hadn't expected it to go quite like this, and
  I was quite embarrassed when my Master calmly told them, without even looking
  at me, just about every little detail of what turns me on and what he does
  to me. It really impressed on me that being a crew slave will mean being the
  slave of all the officers, not just my Master! 
&quot;Then I was untied and taken into a side room, where I had to give head
  in turn to three of them, two men and one woman: meanwhile, the others were
  discussing other things with my Master. Finally, they brought me back into
  the first room, tied me arched backwards over a low bench with my legs spread
  so wide I thought I would split, and asked Master Paul to play with me and
  bring me to an orgasm as quickly as he could. 
&quot;You know me!&quot; Helen grinned at me. &quot;I like sucking cocks,
  so I was already pretty turned on: it took only a couple of minutes before
  I climaxed, in fact I think the climax itself lasted longer than the time it
  took to arouse me! The officers all sat and watched quite calmly and coolly,
  but I didn't mind: I guessed they would like a slave who responds quickly to
  stimulation, and maybe it'll help me get a good job on the crew.&quot; 
&quot;D'you mean they haven't decided yet, what job to give you?&quot; I asked. 
&quot;No,&quot; she replied. &quot;Master Paul told me afterwards that there
  will be quite a few more 'interviews', similar but different, before they decide.&quot; 
Just then, my Mistress and Master Paul came and told us it was time to dress
  for dinner. We and Brenda and Dan followed them to the latter's cabin; before
  locking the door, they surprised all us slaves by saying that slaves as well
  as 'owners' were expected &quot;... to dress for dinner tonight!&quot; To Brenda
  and Dan, they went on to explain: &quot;You may choose anything from this drawer,
  but we want you both to wear matching 'costumes'. And see that everything is
  properly fastened -- by 'properly', we mean nice and snug -- but you won't
  need to put on any shackles if you don't want.&quot; 
Leaving Brenda and Dan in their locked cabin, my Mistress and Master Paul
  took me and Helen to their respective cabins. After showering, this time my
  Mistress got me ready first, making me 'dress up' in only a collar and bow
  tie, white shirt cuffs (with no shirt, of course!) and cuff-links, black socks
  and shiny shoes, and a black leather cock sheath fastened very tight around
  the base of my scrotum. Then I helped her dress, in an elegant and sexy red
  sheath dress, her shoulders bare but with long white gloves on her hands. 
We met Master Paul and Helen outside Brenda's and Dan's cabin. Master Paul
  was dressed in a casual but very smart suit: Helen was wearing very high-heeled
  black sandals, black sheer stockings and a short black pleated skirt, but she
  was bare above the waist. My Mistress' comment that this was &quot;... very
  modest for a slave&quot; was greeted with a smile from Master Paul: he showed
  her that the skirt was not pleated, but instead consisted of separate strips
  of fabric, and he drew some of them aside to reveal nothing but lacy red suspenders.
  A glimpse of these, brief though it was, was enough to make my cock get hard
  in its sheath! 
We entered the cabin, and Brenda and Dan were ordered to 'model' their costumes.
  They were both wearing wide belts, cinched very tightly around their waists,
  with narrower straps leading down through their crotches: Dan's cock was held,
  by means of several shiny rings, up along the strap over his belly, and his
  balls were separated by more rings. Both Brenda's and Dan's nipples bore spring
  clamps, with short chains pulling them towards each other and weights dangling
  from their centres. 
My Mistress and Master Paul inspected these costumes closely: they checked
  the tightness of the straps by trying to push their fingers under them, and
  -- in Dan's case -- pulled the crotch strap one notch tighter. They also asked
  whether the crotch straps included plugs for the wearers' rectums, and were
  pleased to hear the affirmative reply. 
&quot;And I presume,&quot; said Master Paul, with his hand cupping Brenda's
  pussy as it bulged to each side of the strap, &quot;that there's a dildo under
  here?... Yes?... Good: Dan, go to the drawer and bring me the next larger and
  the next smaller dildo, in case I think a larger one might be better.&quot; 
Dan obeyed, and Master Paul made a great show of considering the choice that
  had been made. &quot;Was that the biggest one your little cunt could manage,
  slave-girl?&quot; he asked Brenda. &quot;I think, before this cruise is over,
  that you'll be trained to take at least two sizes bigger.&quot; 
He smiled as Brenda stared at him, her eyes wide: then he said sharply, Come
  here, slave Helen!... legs apart!&quot; Helen obeyed, he reached under her
  skirt with the larger dildo, and in one smooth movement slid its full length
  into her cunt. Ignoring Helen's small gasp, he went on to Brenda, &quot;See?
  She took that one without even trying: later we might see if you can do it
  too, eh? 
&quot;But not now,&quot; he continued. &quot;I think your costumes will do
  fine for dinner tonight, don't you agree, Tina?&quot; 
&quot;Not quite,&quot; replied my Mistress. &quot;For a 'dress-up' dinner,
  I think even slaves should wear something on their feet. Let's see what we
  can find.&quot; 
Master Paul agreed, and a short search produced two pairs of sandals with
  long thin straps to be laced up the wearers' calves. To save time, Helen and
  I had to put these on Brenda and Dan, who then paraded for another inspection.
  This time my Mistress announced herself satisfied, but Master Paul demurred. 
&quot;I've changed my mind,&quot; he said. &quot;I think spreader bars would
  just set off those sandals nicely.&quot; 
So spreader bars it was, and at last we all set off for the dining room. Brenda
  and Dan were made to walk in front, and my Mistress and Master Paul made no
  secret of their amusement at the two slaves' awkward gait, caused by the combination
  of the spreaders and the plugs held tightly in their rectums! 
Tonight we were all assigned to the same table for dinner, but we slaves spent
  by no means all our time there: the whole point of us 'dressing up' was to
  provide the dining Masters and Mistresses with entertainment! While they enjoyed
  their aperitifs, we were all paraded in front of the Captain's table; then,
  between courses for the rest of the meal, we had to circulate amongst the tables,
  stopping on demand to be fondled and have our costumes inspected more closely. 
I found myself as fascinated as the diners by the variety of costumes, some
  of them quite outrageous, some elaborate, nearly all humiliating in some way,
  and most only minimally covering their wearers' naked bodies. Helen's skirt,
  in fact, was one of the more 'modest'; but, after its true nature had been
  shown, it proved to be one of the more popular, and very many hands slipped
  between its strips to caress her bottom or explore the secrets of her pussy.
  Brenda and Dan also got their share of attention and, by the end of the meal,
  the constant swinging of the weights on their nipples had caused enough discomfort
  for them to request the removal of the clamps. 
This was granted, but Brenda's and Dan's discomfort by no means ceased, because
  my Mistress and Master Paul made sure to bring their nipples back to their
  normal shape with vigorous rubbing and rolling in their fingers! This attention
  continued throughout the short display of bondage we attended, and Brenda and
  Dan showed commendable self-control by never once interrupting the rapt interest
  of the small audience with grunts of pain. Perhaps they hardly felt it, anyway,
  so intently did they watch the display, which was staged by some officers with
  their crew slaves and which featured some very tight bondage in severe positions. 
After this show, my Mistress and Master Paul told Helen and me to take our
  fellow-slaves to one of the bondage rooms that they had booked. We obeyed and,
  as we went, Brenda and Dan had their first taste of the rule regarding unescorted
  slaves: twice we were stopped by passing Masters or Mistresses and our near-naked
  bodies given brief but thorough fondles. Once in the bondage room, we stood
  in a line facing the door, with our legs apart -- Brenda and Dan were still
  wearing their spreaders, of course! -- and our hands clasped behind our necks,
  and waited. 
It was about fifteen minutes before our 'owners' entered. My Mistress was wearing
  a kind of leotard made of black latex: at the sides, it was cut almost up to
  her armpits, only a narrow strip holding it snug around her waist, and at front
  and back it plunged to well below her waist; she also wore skin-tight black
  boots that reached above her knees. Master Paul was similarly dressed, but
  not so dramatically... to my eyes, at least, although I did see Brenda gazing
  with keen interest at the very prominent bulge at the crotch of his leotards! 
Taking their time, they looked us slaves up and down for a little time without
  speaking. Then Master Paul removed the skirt from Helen's hips with a comment
  to my Mistress: &quot;This garment is hardly appropriate to what we're here
  for, is it? Why don't you give our newer slaves a little explanation?&quot; 
&quot;OK,&quot; smiled my Mistress, and turned to Brenda and Dan. &quot;Last
  night was just an introduction, when we tried to make sure you understood your
  position as slaves and gave you a taste of the main way in which you are expected
  to give pleasure to your betters. Tonight, we intend to enjoy ourselves with
  you, by giving you all some real serious bondage and perhaps some discipline
  as well -- especially if you give us less than instant obedience! On second
  thought, however, you'll probably have very little chance for disobedience
  anyway, so maybe 'submission' would be a better word. Remember, as slaves,
  you're expected  to submit to whatever treatment we choose
  to give you, and you simply have to trust us not to inflict severe pain or
  real injury, or to take you beyond the limits you have already told us. Right,
  Paul, let's see whom we'll tie up first.&quot; 
Master Paul produced a deck of cards from one of the cupboards lining the
  room. &quot;These are regular playing cards,&quot; he told us slaves, &quot;with
  the usual suits and numbers, but each one is illustrated with a different picture
  of a slave in bondage. We'll use them to decide how you'll each be bound: this
  makes it easy for us, and none of you will feel that we're showing any favouritism.
  Now, to choose our first subject, Mistress Tina will select a card: the suit
  will decide who it will be, and the picture will show how that slave will be
  bound.&quot; 
Naturally, we slaves all watched with interest as he shuffled the cards and
  fanned them for my Mistress. She picked one and, without looking at it herself,
  showed it to us, saying, &quot;The red suits show female slaves, the black
  males; and we've decided that Spades means Peter, Hearts means Helen, Diamonds
  Brenda and Clubs Dan. I want the slave who's been chosen by this card to step
  forward.&quot; 
The card was a Diamond, so Brenda took a step forward, perhaps a trifle hesitantly.
  My Mistress gave her an approving smile and turned the card over: her smile
  broadened when she saw the way the pictured slave-girl was bound, and she said, &quot;That's
  an interesting position, isn't it? Wait there and don't move, while Master
  Paul and I find the necessary gear.&quot; 
Within a couple of minutes, Brenda was bound in exactly the way depicted on
  the card: face down on a low padded bench, her body was drawn into an inverted
  arch by ropes and a pulley attached to her wrists and ankles. When her bondage
  was complete, Master Paul removed the belt she'd worn for dinner, and the strap
  between her legs with its dildo and rectal plug, leaving her stark naked again. 
The next card was a Spade, so it was my turn to be bound. My decorative collar
  and cuffs were removed, along with my shoes, but not the sheath on my cock:
  then I had to sit on a specially-designed bondage chair with rather uncomfortable
  ridges for a seat, my legs were tied wide apart, and my elbows and wrists were
  bound tightly behind me to the narrow back of the chair. 
A Club was drawn next, and Dan submitted meekly to the bondage illustrated
  on that card: he was soon balanced on his wide-spread knees, with his ankles
  drawn up and tied to his wrists, and supported by a padded bar passing behind
  his back and under his arms. Like Brenda, his belt and crotch-strap and butt-plug
  were removed, allowing his cock to stand free and hard, thanks to the stimulation
  of his bondage and the sight of myself and Brenda already tied. 
&quot;There's no need for a card to select our last subject, is there, Tina?&quot; said
  Master Paul. &quot;But we still need to choose how she'll be bound, and we
  can use any of the 52 cards for that!&quot; The card my Mistress drew showed
  a male slave suspended upside down from a bar behind his knees, with his arms
  stretched horizontally to each side, and soon Helen was bound exactly like
  that, her lovely naked body inverted and helplessly vulnerable. 
It was this helplessness and utter vulnerability that my Mistress and Master
  Paul exploited for the better part of an hour. They emphasised it especially
  to Brenda and Dan, as they ran their hands all over the nakedness of all four
  of us, tickling, pinching, slapping our flesh and fondling our most intimate
  parts in the possessive way that Helen and I were well used to... and Brenda
  and Dan must be rapidly getting used to! With the sheath still encasing my
  cock, I escaped the most intimate of the handling; but the other touches on
  my body, added to the erotic sights of my fellow-captives being handled, had
  the almost inevitable effect of giving me an enormous hard-on, which was not
  a little uncomfortable inside the tight sheath! 
Finally our 'tormentors' desisted and, after a whispered discussion with Master
  Paul, my Mistress announced: &quot;Now, slaves, we feel like giving you some
  discipline; not because you've misbehaved, or for any other reason except that
  you're slaves and it amuses us to do this. We'll do the same as before, using
  this other deck of cards, which shows slaves being disciplined in various ways.
  Please choose the first card, Paul.&quot; 
Master Paul did so, glanced at it and then showed it to each of us bound slaves.
  It was a Club, showing a male slave having a flat springy 'ruler' applied across
  his belly. Thus, Dan was to be disciplined first, and soon he was arched backwards
  over a bench and my Mistress was standing beside him with a 'ruler' in her
  hand. 
Smiling down at him, she said, &quot;Not only is this implement and its target
  chosen by the cards, but also how many strokes you'll get: in fact, you  have
  the power to determine how many, by guessing which suit Master Paul will turn
  up next from the deck! I'll give you one stroke at a time, after which you'll
  make your guess and Master Paul will turn up a card; when you've guessed correctly
  three times, I'll stop. 
&quot;You probably can't appreciate the full implications immediately, so
  I'll point them out: obviously, you'll get a minimum of three strokes; beyond
  that, however, it's mathematically possible  that you'll never  guess
  three cards right! But that's very unlikely, and the odds have been worked
  out: you have a 95 percent chance of getting less than about 20 strokes, and
  if you're very unlucky, you may request a halt... on condition that we will
  resume some other time, perhaps on some other part of your body. OK then, here
  we go!&quot; 
I watched, along with Helen and Brenda, as the 'ruler' landed with loud smacks
  on the taut flesh of Dan's belly, followed by him guessing a suit and Master
  Paul turning up a card to show if the guess was correct or not. Our fascination,
  naturally, was closely related to our knowledge that soon we would be in a
  similar situation, hoping with the turn of each card that our guess would be
  right. As it happened, Dan's third correct guess came after the seventh stroke. 
&quot;You're a fairly lucky slave,&quot; grinned my Mistress as she put down
  the ruler'. &quot;The odds here say that seven or less happens only about 18
  percent of the time. Right, Paul, shuffle the cards for me to choose the next
  lucky player, and it's your turn to administer the strokes.&quot; 
Helen was the next 'player', but 'lucky' didn't quite seem the right word:
  the chosen card showed a gorgeous black-haired slave-girl being lashed with
  a leather whip fully six feet long! The nervousness was plain in her eyes --
  and more than a touch of fear! -- as she allowed herself to be bound in a taut
  standing spreadeagle, yet the deep trust she had in her Master was displayed
  by the fact that she uttered not a word of protest. 
Her trust was rewarded when, after taking the big whip in his hand, Master
  Paul said, &quot;Because this whip is much more severe than the last implement,
  you only have to guess correctly once, slave-girl: but otherwise, the conditions
  are the same as for slave Dan. Here comes your first stroke...&quot; 
Carefully, and by no means as forcefully as he might have, he placed the lash
  across Helen's naked back: she jerked and grunted, but didn't cry out, and
  her voice was quite steady when she made her first guess. It was wrong, as
  were the next two, but the fourth was right and she sighed audibly with relief:
  four strokes with that whip, I knew, were tolerable, but only a few more would
  have been difficult to endure. 
The next card selected by Master Paul was a Diamond, nominating Brenda, and
  it showed a multi-thonged 'cat' of light leather strips being used on the buxom
  tits of a slave-girl, who looked very like Brenda herself. She was tied face-up
  on a bench, with her breasts raised into prominence by her arms tied wrist-to-elbow
  underneath her, and my Mistress took her turn with the chosen implement. Like
  Dan, Brenda had to make three correct guesses; unlike him, she managed this
  only after 23 strokes had criss-crossed her boobs with many thin red marks. 
Finally it was my turn, and my Mistress drew a card depicting a slave's thighs
  being whipped with a small but still vicious-looking whip. For this, I was
  tied face-up on a bench with my ankles drawn up and apart until I was resting
  only on my shoulders: my wide-spread thighs framed Master Paul's face as he
  looked down and told me that my task was to guess correctly twice. I guess
  I wasn't too unlucky, but the twelve lashes that landed on the tender insides
  of my thighs weren't too pleasant, either! 
&quot;Well, that was fun, wasn't it?&quot; said my Mistress and Master Paul
  cheerfully, as they untied us and allowed us a drink of water. At our rather
  non-commital replies, they just grinned and went on, &quot;It was for us, anyway:
  and remember, the task of slaves is not to have fun yourselves, but to provide
  it for your owners, whether by being tightly bound... or whipped -- both of
  which you've just done -- or by other means, which you're about to do... 
&quot;Your next task is to give each other pleasure! But we expect you to
  remember that, while you  may be enjoying it, its main purpose
  is to entertain us ! Also, slaves are rarely allowed to have
  pleasure without at least some discomfort: so, now that you've finished your
  refreshments, come over here!... lie down!...&quot; 
Shortly, we four slave were lying on our sides on little wheeled platforms,
  our wrists tied behind us and attached to one ankle in a sort of hogtie. Once
  more, cards were selected from the deck to determine the order for our placement
  in a small square, each with his or her head close the crotch of another: the
  result, as my Mistress put it with a chuckle, was that &quot;... Brenda eats
  Helen eats Dan eats Peter eats Brenda!&quot; The final touch was that our free
  legs were drawn upwards, parting our thighs and making what was between them
  easily accessible. 
&quot;This will be a little contest for you, slaves,&quot; we were told. &quot;To
  encourage you to make our amusement last, the first of you to come will suffer
  the biggest penalty, and so on to the last, who'll get no penalty. When one
  of you comes, you'll be removed from the ring, until there's only one left
  -- a sort of 'musical mouths', you might say! So it's possible, if one of you
  is an extra good 'sucker', to get to eat everyone else: wouldn't that be fun? 
&quot;One final thing: Helen and Peter are much more used to this sort of
  thing than Brenda and Dan, so the latter will start first, a kind of handicap.
  Now, we trust your lips and teeth and tongues are ready and willing, because
  here we go!&quot; The platforms we lay on were moved a bit closer together,
  bringing our heads between the thighs of the next slave, but my mouth was kept
  away from Brenda's pussy until several minutes after I felt my cock slip into
  the mouth at my crotch... Dan's mouth. 
I knew, just as we slaves had been taught to think, that any slave's mouth
  -- be it male or female -- was as good as any other: but I was also aware that
  Dan had had virtually no experience at sucking a man's cock, and his first
  few tentative movements only confirmed this. I began to think that this --
  in addition to the fact that my cock-sheath had only just been removed, and
  my cock itself had been stimulated less than Dan's or the girls' pussies --
  might give me a good chance of winning this contest! 
As it turned out, I did win -- but not for those reasons alone. 
Helen came first... to my surprise, since I was only too aware of her skill
  with her tongue and lips and her ability to control her own arousal. (Later,
  she confessed that she was taken by surprise at Brenda's skill and, anyway,
  she herself was already so excited by the events of the day and the bondage,
  whipping and this bizarre arrengement this evening.) So she was moved away
  and the square became a triangle, with Brenda's mouth now on Dan's cock. 
Dan was the next to come, perhaps due both to Brenda's skill and her familiarity
  with his reactions. He too was removed, and Brenda and I were moved into a
  classic 'sixty-nine' position. And now, in dramatic contrast to Dan's unfamiliarity
  with giving head to a male, I felt Brenda's skill for myself, as she tongued
  and nibbled cleverly on my cock and balls, and drew the former deep into her
  mouth. 
By now, however, my own mouth had been working on Brenda's fragrant pussy,
  almost uninterrupted except for short breaks while Helen and Dan were removed.
  Circumstances -- and her skill! -- had allowed Brenda the 'privilege' of eating
  each of us other slaves, but in the end I think it was to my advantage to be
  able to concentrate on one target alone, a target that -- once I'd tried a
  few different techniques -- proved to be extremely responsive! 
Still and all, my own arousal was well on its way towards the point of no
  return when I achieved my objective, and Brenda involuntarily shuddered and
  moaned as a climax swept through her. Immediately, her mouth was pulled away
  from my cock, but mine stayed buried in her pussy until her climax was spent. 
We were released from our platforms, and now we saw Helen and Dan, obviously
  tied in preparation for the promised penlties: Helen was bent at the waist
  over a hip-high bar, with both arms tied behind her back, while Dan stood at
  right angles behind her and to one side, in a more upright position and with
  one arm free. Brenda was now tied similarly in relation to Dan, and I began
  to see the pattern that was emerging... 
Finally, I was placed facing Helen; her bent-over position, not surprisingly,
  put her face at just the level of my crotch! My cock, which had had time to
  relax since Brenda was last tonguing it, started to harden again... 
&quot;Slave Peter will get a reward,&quot; said Master Paul as my Mistress
  adjusted the ropes to keep me in place. &quot;The rest of you will get your
  penalties. We kept note of the time you each came, so your penalties will match
  those exactly: as for you, Peter, you're to try to last as long as you already
  have!&quot; He handed Dan a paddle and went on, &quot;Helen, start sucking
  Peter's cock! Dan, you start paddling Helen's bottom: not too hard, but enough
  to sting a bit!&quot; 
A little later, after checking his watch, he handed Brenda another paddle
  with the order to use it on Dan's bottom; later still, he gave me one to use
  on Brenda, with the words, &quot;Good slave, you've reached the target we asked.
  Now the rest is a bonus: you may delay your climax as long as you like -- or
  can -- depending on how much pleasure you want and how much extra penalty you
  want for these other slaves!&quot; 
So far, I'd been concentrating hard on resisting the skilled attentions of
  Helen's mouth, to obey my instruction to hold off as long as I already had,
  and this offer to control my own pleasure caught me completely by surprise.
  It barely had time to register, and I only landed two paddle strokes on Brenda's
  bum, before the prospect of controlling the other slaves' penalty -- something
  I'd hardly ever done -- proved just too exciting. Helen's skill with her mouth
  had something to do with it too, I guess, and I came explosively, my cock spurting
  its fluid deep into her throat. 
While untying us, my Mistress and Master Paul reinforced to Brenda and Dan
  the principle that had just been demonstrated: namely, that slaves having sexual
  pleasure was generally dependent on their owners wishing to be entertained,
  and was usually accompanied by at least some discomfort or pain. Brenda and
  Dan acknowledged this humbly and seriously -- but I think it was driven home
  even more effectively when they were returned to their cabin a few minutes
  later.... 
Using cuffs and chains padlocked to strategically placed rings, my Mistress
  and Master Paul shackled the two slaves for the night... and made it quite
  impossible for them to reach each other! &quot;Last night,&quot; said my Mistress
  with a grin, &quot;was your last chance to play with each other in private
  -- for the rest of the cruise, at least!&quot; And she chuckled at their expressions
  of mingled dismay and resignation. 
&quot;But you shouldn't worry too much,&quot; added Master Paul, as he snapped
  the final padlock shut. &quot;You'll get lots of attention from us, and any
  other passengers we loan you to: you'll certainly have plenty of opportunities
  to give pleasure with your lips and tongues, whether to passengers or their
  slaves, and of course you might get some, too, from other slaves: and once
  or twice, you might even get to screw with other slaves, though probably not
  with each other. But the variety will be fun, won't it?&quot; 
This last was a parting comment, given as he and my Mistress led me and Helen
  out of the cabin, and the door clicked shut before Brenda and Dan had a chance
  to reply. 
After the fairly strenuous bondage, discipline and sexual excitement of the
  past few hours, I was quite ready to go to sleep when we reached our cabin.
  My Mistress, however, clearly in a state of some arousal resulting from the
  same events, wasn't about to let me off so lightly: very soon I was on my knees
  in front of her lovely nakedness, and my head was between her creamy thighs.
  Tired I may have been, but my eagerness to please her gave me new energy, and
  I helped her to four or five orgasms before we settled down to sleep. 
Next morning it was Brenda's and Dan's turn to surprise my Mistress and Master
  Paul. When they responded to the latter's cheery &quot;Good morning, slaves!&quot;,
  Dan asked for permission to say something -- which was granted. 
&quot;Brenda and I have talked quite a lot, last night and this morning,&quot; he
  said, &quot;and we both think we're ready to be proper unaccompanied slaves.&quot; 
&quot;... if that's OK with you, Master and Mistress,&quot; added Brenda humbly. 
My Mistress and Master Paul looked at each other for a moment before my Mistress
  said, &quot;Are you sure? Remember, you'll be expected to submit to everything,
  including some things you haven't seen or tried yet, and your only way out
  will be to appeal to the Slavemaster for real mistreatment -- or to pull out
  of the slavery part of the cruise entirely, and pay the higher fare.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, we're sure, Mistress,&quot; replied Dan. &quot;We've watched everything
  carefully, and we think we've seen enough to be sure that the officers and
  the passengers won't mistreat us. And we both feel it's even more exciting,
  not knowing exactly where the limits of our slavery will be!&quot; 
&quot;It's OK by me, Tina,&quot; Master Paul said to my Mistress. &quot;These
  slaves seem to know what they're asking for. You agree?&quot; She nodded, and
  he went on to Brenda and Dan, &quot;Your request is granted, slaves. We'll
  take it as a compliment to the introduction we've given you, that you're ready
  so soon.&quot; 
&quot;Oh yes, Master,&quot; said Brenda eagerly, &quot;You've been great!
  And you too, Mistress Tina!&quot; 
&quot;We know that,&quot; replied my Mistress drily, but her smile acknowledged
  the compliment. &quot;Now, no more chattering while we get you organized!&quot; 
In moments, Brenda and Dan were gagged, their wrists were fastened together
  and clipped to the back of collars around their necks, and they were ordered
  to follow my Mistress and Master Paul to the Purser's office. There, the latter
  informed slave Nicole -- now, of course, naked like all the crew slaves, and
  wearing wrist and ankle shackles as she worked -- that they wished to see the
  Purser himself. 
The Purser listened to what they had to say, and had Nicole fetch Brenda's
  and Dan's file: without removing their gags, he asked the latter for confirmation
  of their request and, at their firm nods, called on my Mistress and Master
  Paul to sign away their responsibility for the two 'first-time' slaves. Interestingly,
  he didn't ask Brenda and Dan themselves to sign anything, but instead had Nicole
  and Helen and me sign as witnesses to their agreement, and finally countersigned
  the forms himself. 
He then called the officer in charge of unaccompanied slaves -- the &quot;Slave-master&quot; --
  who sent a junior officer to fetch Brenda and Dan. While waiting, my Mistress
  and Master Paul each gave both Brenda and Dan a thorough fondle, and assured
  them that &quot;... this isn't the last you'll see of us on this cruise, we
  promise! There'll be plenty of chances for us to 'claim' you for a few hours
  or a night, and we'll be interested to see how you adjust to being slaves.&quot; 
Unable to reply, Brenda and Dan could only use their eyes to express their
  own feelings: as they were led away, it was impossible to mistake the glow
  of anticipation and sheer excitement on their faces -- with perhaps just the
  faintest trace of trepidation! 
After our breakfast -- a rather late one! -- Master Paul took Helen away for
  more &quot;... interviews and so on&quot;, and my Mistress decided it was time
  to join in some deck games. Once again, I found my cock and balls the target
  for the quoits she threw, as well as for the pellets from her air-pistol, as
  I hung by my ankles high above the wake behind the ship's stern. 
During these games -- and between them -- she chatted with other Masters and
  Mistresses, and I was permitted to chat with my fellow-slaves, too. She had
  one chat alone with me, in a quiet corner of the deck, during which she quizzed
  me closely about the conversations I'd had with Brenda and Dan, at which she
  hadn't been present. Little did I guess the significance of this at the time,
  but it seemed she mainly wanted to be certain that I hadn't 'spilled the beans'
  about a part of our our previous cruise... that I can't, of course, mention
  here. I swore I hadn't said a word, and she believed me. 
She also told me that she intended to make me write a full report of this
  cruise, as I'd done for the previous one: she'd already been keeping notes,
  of course, to help me remember the details, but she now impressed on me the
  need to memorize, as far as possible, everything that might happen when she
  wasn't actually with me. The result, naturally, is what you are reading now! 
After lunch, she made me join the 'fitness and manners for slaves' classes
  again, while she went her own way on business I could only guess at. Brenda
  and Dan were in the classes too, of course, and I had an opportunity to chat
  to them both: I asked them to tell me what they'd discovered about 'unaccompanied'
  slavery, but they refused, saying that they'd been told not to, because it
  was intended to remain a mystery -- and hence a potential surprise -- to any
  slave who hadn't experienced it. I'd had this reaction before, but I thought
  I might glean some information from them, since they knew as well as I did,
  that my Mistress was highly unlikely to send me on a cruise without her: however,
  I could wheedle nothing out of them, and I had to respect them for this obedience
  to the instructions they'd been given. 
When the classes ended, my Mistress was nowhere to be seen: but the officer
  who'd supervised the second class told me that I was wanted in a particular
  bondage room immediately. I obediently made my way there, gathering the usual
  few fondles from passing Masters or Mistresses, and found my Mistress waiting.
  For the better part of two hours, she put to the test my fitness and suppleness
  that the classes were supposed to improve, with a series of imaginative and
  often uncomfortable bondage positions -- yet which I, submissive slave that
  I am, found enjoyable and exciting. 
She spoke little, and there was something ever so slightly strange in her
  manner -- an intensity, or rather a kind of amused detachment, in the way she
  tightened the ropes or straps on my limbs and body, then ran her fingernails
  slowly along my stretched tendons and taut flesh, as if she was admiring a
  work of art she'd created. I wondered at this, but only a little: I was too
  busy enjoying the wonderful sensations of being made utterly helpless, my naked
  body bent to her will and totally vulnerable to her whims. She hardly touched
  my cock or balls, but the former stayed almost fully hard with arousal the
  whole time -- and this seemed to amuse her even more! 
Afterwards, there was only time for me to shower myself, bathe my Mistress
  and help her dress, then submit to my wrists being shackled behind me, before
  the dinner gong rang. To my disappointment, for the second of three evenings,
  neither Master Paul nor my beloved Helen were at our table: I looked around
  the room for them, but couldn't see them anywhere... until I suddenly realized
  that Master Paul was seated at the Captain's table! 
I still couldn't see Helen, and wondered where she might be. Then I noticed
  that the Captain himself hadn't appeared yet: I remembered the incident on
  our previous cruise, when he'd made a deliberately late entrance with Nicole
  and me following in a bizarre procession, and I felt oddly certain that tonight
  it was to be Helen's turn. 
Sure enough, a few minutes after the meal had got under way, there was a sudden
  announcement of &quot;Ladies and gentlemen... the Captain!&quot; In the expectant
  hush that followed, all eyes turned to a door at one side of the main table,
  from where he would make his entrance. 
It wasn't the Captain, however, who entered first, but my beloved Helen! I
  recognized her, of course, because I was expecting this: but to many of the
  other watchers she would have been just another naked female slave. She looked
  magnificent: her voluptuous body was arched forward like a bow, her arms were
  held rigid behind her by straps at wrists and elbows, and most of her weight
  seemed to be well ahead of her shuffling feet. This was no illusion, I realized
  a moment later, because her wrists were fastened, and her ankles shackled by
  carefully adjusted chains, to a pole: one end of this was attached to the back
  of a very  tight belt cinching her narrow waist, and the other
  was in the hands of the Captain himself. 
The effect was dramatic, to say the least! Helen's large firm breasts, lifted
  and separated by her arm bondage, were thrust forward as if begging for attention:
  and, as if competing for that attention, the curly thatch of her pussy seemed
  almost to lead the way across the raised platform where the Captain's table
  stood. The final touch was the way a strap, from the heavy blindfold covering
  her eyes, was attached to her elbow bondage, drawing her head back to complete
  the arched effect. A ripple of applause swept across the audience. 
The Captain acknowledged this, and carefully guided Helen to the centre of
  the platform and turned her to face his audience. Handing his end of the pole
  to a crew slave, he said, &quot;Ladies and gentlemen, apologies for my unpunctuality.
  I have been interviewing this slave regarding duties she might perform, if
  she were to become a crew slave, and it occurred to me to demonstrate what
  one of them might be. She's very well suited to this sort of decorative duty,
  I'm sure you agree -- with these lovely firm tits and nice nipples... this
  hourglass figure... this pretty pussy....&quot; 
As he spoke, he ran his hands over each part of Helen's helpless nakedness
  as he mentioned it, but only briefly. Ending with an exhortation to &quot;Enjoy
  your dinner, ladies and gentlemen!&quot;, he took his seat -- beside Master
  Paul -- and settled down to enjoy his own. Helen was left in the charge of
  the crew slave. 
There could be no doubt that, despite her blindfold, she knew exactly where
  she was and the spectacle she presented: but, if she was ashamed by the blatant
  display of her nakedness, she gave no sign of it at all. She seemed to submit
  willingly -- although she had little enough choice, anyway -- to being posed
  at the side of the platform, where those at the Captain's table could feast
  their eyes on her as well; sometimes she was brought closer to the officers
  and passengers seated there, to be fondled briefly but intimately. The extreme
  arch of her body was relaxed slightly, to make things easier for her, and she
  was also given her dinner -- morsels of food dropped into her upturned mouth
  by the slave who was tending her, on the orders of the Captain and his table
  guests. 
I found it extremely difficult to keep my eyes off her, and the sight of her
  lovely naked body, put on such erotic display by her bondage, inevitably caused
  my cock to stay almost fully erect for the whole meal. Other male slaves, I
  could see, were reacting similarly and, from the looks in their eyes, more
  than a few Masters' pricks were also swelling in their trousers! Naturally,
  my Mistress noticed my reaction, and she smiled at me indulgently and gave
  my cock a few brief fondles in between eating her dinner and feeding me mine. 
At the end of the meal an announcement was made, that the ship would soon
  be making its first island stop, and asking the disembarking passengers to
  be ready when called. As we left the dining room, my Mistress said to me, &quot;Remember
  on our first cruise, what we did before getting off at this island? I feel
  like doing something similar, for old times' sake.&quot; 
I found myself getting intensely excited as we returned to our cabin -- was
  she planning to re-enact all the circumstances of that disembarkation? -- and
  I submitted willingly to wearing the gag with its attached dildo. Kneeling
  between her thighs, the dildo deep inside her cunt and my nose on her clit,
  I cast my mind back to that evening: I can't, of course, tell my readers what
  they were, but these memories inspired me to extra enthusiasm in my task of
  pleasuring my Mistress. 
She seemed to respond more quickly than last time, too, and reached two orgasms
  -- obviously very pleasant ones! -- before we felt the ship come to a stop
  with a bump against a wharf, and the bell rang for disembarkation. Just as
  she'd done the previous time, my Mistress detached herself from the dildo and
  got dressed, then returned to remove the dildo from my gag: unilke last time,
  though, she didn't blindfold me. 
&quot;It won't be so easy to surprise you this time, will it?&quot; she said
  with a smile. &quot;You might even enjoy watching other slaves who are visiting
  the island for the first time, but we'll leave your gag in so that you won't
  even be tempted to 'spill the beans' to them, eh? Come along, now.&quot; Opening
  the door to admit a crew slave, who obediently picked up her luggage, she led
  us to the gangway. 
There we were met by a lady officer, leading another male slave, who was gagged
  and whose wrists were shackled exactly as mine were. I recognized Dan, and
  I guessed that some Mistress was taking him on her island visit -- or perhaps,
  I thought, my Mistress is taking us both? But I never suspected the truth,
  that her brief conversation with the officer revealed....&quot; 
&quot;Here's the unaccompanied slave, Madam,&quot; said the latter, &quot;that
  you asked for to take on your island visit.&quot; 
&quot;Thank you,&quot; replied my Mistress. &quot;And here's my slave, to
  take his place while I'm gone.&quot; She spoke casually, as if there was nothing
  at all unusual about this, but she noticed the startlement in my eyes and went
  on with a smile that oozed self-satisfied amusement, &quot;See, slave, I can
  still spring surprises on you, can't I?&quot; 
I stared at her, unable to make any protest at all, as she continued in a
  matter-of-fact tone, &quot;I'm sure you'll have great fun for a few days, as
  an unaccompanied slave for a change, and I expect you to behave yourself. Meanwhile,
  slave Dan here will be enjoying what you enjoyed on the island last time: you
  can't begrudge him that, surely? If you speak to Brenda while we're gone, you
  have permission to tell her where Dan has gone, but I order you to leave it
  at that: she may have the chance to experience this on a future cruise, and
  we don't want to deprive her of the fun of any surprises, do we?&quot; 
Helplessly, I resigned myself to her plans for me. Naturally, I was disappointed
  at not accompanying her to the island, but I suddenly recognized this as yet
  another consequence of my relatively new status as her full-time and unconditional
  slave: she could discard me at any time, and leave me in the care of -- and
  for the enjoyment of! -- the other passengers, while herself enjoying the variety
  of another slave for a few days. This realization appealed to my intensely
  submissive nature, and I found myself starting to look forward to the next
  few days! 
With a kiss on my nose, and a quick but thorough fondle of my cock and balls,
  my Mistress left me with the officer: attaching a ring and leash to Dan's cock,
  she led him down the gangway. 
The lady officer led me away, into what were obviously the crew sections of the
  ship, areas I'd never been in before. At last, deep inside the hull and far
  from the light and air of the upper decks, we reached a heavy barred door with
  a strong lock. 
At her request, an officer on duty there opened the door and she led me inside,
  saying, &quot;These are the unaccompanied slaves' quarters, where you'll spend
  all your spare time now, until your Mistress returns from the island and exchanges
  you again for the slave she took with her. There are a few special rules that
  apply here, but I won't bother to explain them: I know the slaves in the neighbouring
  cells will be only too happy to tell you!&quot; 
We entered a long narrow room, with a corridor between two rows of what could
  only be described as cells, almost cages, three sides of each being entirely
  bars. One row contained male slaves, the other female: obviously, this was
  intended to eliminate any opportunity for the slaves to have sex through the
  bars of adjoining cells. By now I recognized most of them, as we walked between
  them to an unoccupied cell: I saw Brenda in one, and she smiled at me, but
  I couldn't smile back, of course. 
My escorting officer opened the door of a free cell and motioned me inside
  with a peremptory gesture, then locked the door again before reaching through
  the bars to unshackle my wrists and remove my gag. Curtly ordering the slaves
  in the nearby cells to fill me in on the special rules, she left without a
  further glance at me. 
I looked around at my new environment, and chatted with my neighbours. As
  expected, they explained the special rules applying here: the most important
  was a strict prohibition on any kind of sexual activity whatsoever, whether
  between slaves or by self-arousal. This rule was policed by officers frequently
  patrolling along passages behind  the cells and checking through
  one-way windows in the back walls: what was more, a slave breaking the rule
  was not stopped immediately, but the incident was noted and punishment meted
  out the next day, its severity increasing sharply if the forbidden activity
  had continued across more than one patrol interval! The same passages, I also
  learned, were our access to toilet facilities: we simply pulled a lever to
  raise a flag in the passage, and waited for the next passing officer to open
  a hatch and escort us. 
During this chat, a message was passed along the cells to me from Brenda,
  asking if I knew where Dan had gone: I sent back the reply that my Mistress
  had given me permission for. (When we had a chance to chat directly, a day
  or so later, she told me that she was disappointed at not also visiting the
  island, but her neighbours had impressed on her that such quirks of fate were
  the inevitable consequence of unaccompanied slavery.) 
Not very long after I'd been brought here, several more slaves were led in
  and locked into empty cells. None of them were familiar to me, but one female
  was put into the cell opposite mine: in the course of her conversation with
  me and her other neighbours, I learned that she and the others had just rejoined
  the ship after a few days on the island. Fascinated, and a little envious,
  I listened to her relate a few of her experiences, some of them essentially
  similar to mine on our previous cruise. 
Later, we felt the ship start to move again, as it left to continue the cruise
  on the open sea. During the following hour or so, a number of Masters and Mistresses
  -- some of whom I knew -- were escorted between the cells by the officer on
  duty. Now, another special rule came into force: a cry of &quot;Slaves, front
  up!&quot;, just before the main door opened, was a signal for us all to stand
  at the front of our cells, our arms and legs spread, and press our naked bodies
  against the bars. This enabled the Master or Mistress to walk down the corridor,
  looking closely at any slave that interested them, fondling any part of the
  slave's anatomy they wished, reading the information summarized on a card hanging
  outside the cell, sometimes ordering the slave to turn around or pose in various
  ways, before making their choice to 'claim' for a few hours or the night or
  whatever. The chosen slave was always handcuffed before the cell door was unlocked,
  and he or she was led away by a temporary 'owner': only when they had left
  did the command &quot;Slaves, as you were!&quot; allow us to break our pose. 
Suddenly, with no warning at all, the lights were turned down to a dim glow,
  the signal that it was time for sleep. Equally sudden was the silence that
  fell over us slaves, because another rule forbade any &quot;talking after lights
  out&quot;: feeling a little like a child at boarding school, I settled down
  on the hard pallet provided. I heard a few soft whispers between some of my
  fellow-slaves, but they were effectively drowned by the rhythmic throb of the
  ship's engines -- which also helped a lot to put me to sleep. 
Over the next six days before my Mistress returned from her island visit,
  I spent more time in these 'unaccompanied slave quarters' than in any other
  single place -- by no means, however, was I stuck there most of the time, nor
  were those days a long and boring period of inactivity. 
Generally, we 'unaccompanied slaves' were treated as little more than a 'pool'
  of naked bodies, to be called on whenever one or more were needed, whether
  for some group activity organized by the Entertainment Officer, or for the
  private amusement of a passenger who had no slave of his or her own. We 'lived'
  in the quarters assigned to us, with an Officer and two or three crew slaves
  assigned full-time to keeping track of us and making sure we didn't misbehave. 
Not that we were cooped up in our cells all the time we weren't 'needed':
  there were periods set aside, when no requests for spare slaves were accepted
  and those of us who were left were involved in activities as a group. Like
  the exercise sessions, for instance, that continued the day after my Mistress
  left with Dan: the session that day was longer and more strenuous than the
  previous two days, because most of us were getting fitter; and, since my full-time
  slavery had already got me quite fit and supple, I was singled out and used
  as an example to the others... which gave me a boost of inordinate pride! 
Obviously, we were the first candidates -- after the slaves put forward by
  their accompanying owners -- for the deck games, and I doubt if any one of
  us escaped acting as a target for quoits or the unique 'slave target practice'
  game. On the other hand, there were enough of us that we would have been unlucky
  to have been chosen often: the Officer and crew slaves in charge of us didn't appear  to
  take much care in distributing our duites evenly, but I suspect they managed
  it somehow. 
I soon discovered that there was a rule associated with the use of us unaccompanied
  slaves': namely that, during the day, we could only be 'claimed' by a passenger
  or off-duty Officer for a limited period of about two hours at a time. This
  was intended to allow the passengers -- and, indirectly, those of us who were
  here really unaccompanied -- as much variety as possible: most of the passengers
  made good use of this rule, and we slaves also enjoyed its benefits! 
At night, on the other hand, slaves could be 'claimed' until the next morning.
  This 'overnight' rule came into effect immediately after dinner... with the
  result that the hour or so after the passengers had dined was very busy indeed
  for us slaves, 'fronting up' to the bars of our cells repeatedly as Masters
  and Mistresses made their choices of slaves with whom to spend the night! But
  there were also other ways in which we could be chosen.... 
For example, the very next evening I had the 'privilege' of being included
  in the day's Slave Raffle. Having watched one of these -- but only once when,
  on our previous cruise, Master Paul had put Helen in it -- I recognized what
  was happening: I and several other unaccompanied slaves, plus a few more who
  had been 'donated' by their owners for the event, were each attached to one
  of a number of long cords, which passed through a box and emerged the other
  side in jumbled order. 
In turn, the Masters and Mistresses who had 'tickets' inspected the row of
  'prize slaves' carefully before making their selection from the other ends
  of the cords. Not that this inspection really helped them choose -- neither
  they nor we slaves had any idea which cord led to which slave, except that
  the ends were coloured differently for male and female slaves, for the benefit
  of those who preferred one or the other. The whole point of the inspection,
  I realized as I stood waiting, was to heighten the suspense -- especially for
  us slaves! -- and to allow both owners and slaves to decide which of the other
  they hoped  to spend the night with... a hope more often denied,
  due to the odds, than fulfilled. 
When all the 'ticket-holders' had chosen, the officer conducting the raffle
  lifted the lid off the box and told them to pull slowly on their cords until
  they stretched in a straight line between each holder and a 'prize'. I found
  myself torn between watching 'my' cord unravel from the others, and looking
  at a very attractive Mistress who'd shown more than a little interest in me
  before she made her choice of cord. I was to be disappointed, however: the
  cord attached to the clamps on my nipples finally straightened, and I saw its
  other end in the hands of a middle-aged couple. 
They and I looked at each other, while the 'presiding' officer told us slaves
  that we did  have the right not to go with whomever had 'won'
  us -- on pain of spending the night in solitary confinement and quite severe
  bondage. I couldn't recall seeing them before, and I guessed they must have
  rejoined the cruise from the island the previous evening. Despite having no
  idea what kind of Master and Mistress they might be, I didn't for a moment
  consider refusing: I signalled my acquiescence with a nod and a smile, and
  they smiled in return. 
The raffle winners now moved in to claim their 'prizes' and, almost before
  I realized what was happening, the couple had shackled me with remarkable efficiency
  -- and with a good deal more effectiveness than necessary! After all, a naked
  slave like myself had precious little hope of 'escaping' at all on board this
  ship, so the heavy metal ankle cuffs and hobble-chain, the tight metal belt
  and cuffs holding my wrists to it, were somewhat redundant. On the other hand,
  I was only too aware of the symbolic nature of shackles like these, and my
  submissive nature began to respond as I shuffled awkwardly behind them on the
  way to their cabin. 
They didn't introduce themselves by name, but simply told me to think of them
  as 'Sir' and 'Lady': nor did they give any sign of interest in my name -- just
  a curt 'Slave!' was enough for them to have my attention. In fact, they hardly
  spoke at all, as they fastened a large tray to the belt I wore, supporting
  its outer corners with chains attached by spring clamps to my nipples. Then
  they told me they hadn't had dinner yet, and ordered me to the kitchens to
  fetch the order they had placed. 
Their cabin was not very far from the kitchens, and I reached them without
  any casual fondling from passing owners or officers. But the crew slaves in
  the kitchens, and their supervising officers, took every opportunity to handle
  my defenceless -- and, to me, invisible! -- cock and balls, as they loaded
  my tray with covered plates and dishes. Their weight soon began to pull painfully
  on my nipples, and I was even more grateful for the shortness of the return
  journey to Sir's and Lady's cabin! 
Sir now helped me to get down on my knees -- not so much out of concern for
  me, I suspect, than to stop anything spilling! -- and then fixed a short chain
  between my ankles and my belt, to prevent me even trying to rise, while Lady
  fastened the outer side of the tray to a low table in front of me. To my relief,
  she then detached the chains from the tray, but the relief was less than total,
  because she left the clamps still squeezing my nipples, and re-attached one
  chain to each of my wrists, which Sir had released from the belt. Finally,
  they drew up comfortable chairs on each side of me, sat down and said, &quot;Now
  you may serve us our dinner, slave.&quot; 
Very neatly, they had placed their chairs in such a way that almost every
  movement I made to pass food to them caused the chains from my wrists to tug
  on my clamped nipples -- particularly since they insisted on my actually putting
  forksful of food in their mouths and holding glasses of wine to their lips!
  I was kept pretty busy, yet I found the experience enjoyable and even exciting,
  thanks especially to their casual conversation throughout the meal. 
I gathered that they were in fact permanent residents of the island that my
  Mistress was visiting at that very moment, and that they were on board to pay
  a short visit to the mainland. In some way, it seemed to me as I listened,
  they were even enjoying a break from  the slaves they'd left
  behind: that they really meant 'slaves' -- in the plural! -- was quite clear,
  but I never discovered just how many! Nor did they leave me entirely out of
  the conversation, occasionally asking me to tell them, in explicit detail,
  some of the events of my slavery. 
When thay'd had enough to eat, they removed the cuffs and chain from my ankles
  and the belt from my waist. Then, settling back in their chairs, they ordered
  me to my feet, to provide a little &quot;after-dinner entertainment&quot;.
  With more than a touch of embarrassment -- after all, my naked body, although
  slim and reasonably fit, is hardly that of a dancer or athlete! -- I obliged,
  obeying their orders on how to pose, et cetera. 
Soon I realized that their &quot;entertainment&quot; was derived less from
  my appearance , than from what they were telling me to do
  -- such as caressing myself in all sorts of distinctly humiliating ways, and
  inflicting a little pain on myself, with pinches and slaps and especially by
  tugging on the chains, still attached to my nipple clamps! The humiliation
  reached its peak (aided by a good dose of both pain and sexual stimulation)
  in their order for me to masturbate for them: my cock, though untouched and
  out of sight during their dinner, was already semi-erect and responded quickly.
  As well as telling me to stroke it to full purple hardness, tugging on my nipple-clamps
  as I did so, they also told me to slap it forcefully back and forth and up
  and down, and to flick its sensitive tip sharply with my fingernail. But I
  was strictly forbidden to actually make myself come and, with some will-power
  and not a little pride, I managed this. 
Sir and Lady watched my 'performance' with hardly any sign of emotion, apart
  from slight smiles of amusement at my antics. Between orders to me, they passed
  casual, explicit and sometimes even crude comments on my naked body and what
  I was doing with it. I began to wonder whether this was all there was to their
  idea of slavery, but by now I was conditioned enough to know that it wasn't
  a slave's place to question the particular likes of the owners, and I didn't
  let my speculations affect my obedience. 
The final -- and most painful -- part of my performance came when I was told
  to stand still facing Sir and Lady, arch my head and shoulders back as far
  as I could, and then slowly reach my arms up and out until the clamps were
  pulled off my nipples. Literally gritting my teeth, I managed to obey: they
  were strong clamps, and the pain as they slipped off was really quite intense.
  My eyes closed, and a loud and involuntary gasp escaped my lips. 
&quot;That was great fun, wasn't it?&quot; I heard Sir say to his companion. &quot;Shall
  we go on the next stage?&quot; Almost before I had time to wonder what this
  'next stage' might be, I realized that they'd both stood up, come beside me
  and, each with one hand holding one of my wrist chains and with the finger
  and thumb of the other hand gripping one of my tender nipples, were leading
  me into the bedroom of their suite. My awareness was so centred on the sensations
  in my nipples that I hardly noticed myself being made to stand on the bed with
  my back to a padded bar suspended horizontally from the ceiling. 
Quickly and expertly, they passed my arms over the bar and brought my wrists
  down to my sides, fastening them there by stretching the chains across my belly
  and attaching them to the other cuff. By now I was more aware of what was happening,
  and I could appreciate how precisely the length of the chains matched this
  particular form of bondage: but I still had to wonder about its actual purpose.
  Nor did Sir's next words to me resolve my confusion.... 
&quot;Lady and I like to have a slave's naked body available when we screw,&quot; he
  said. &quot;It adds a certain spice to our foreplay! But you're not one of
  'our' slaves, and so we feel it wouldn't be proper for you to watch us in such
  an intimate activity.&quot; He fitted a thick and heavy blindfold over my eyes,
  then went on, &quot;Nor do we want to be distracted by any comments or complaints
  you might want to make, so...&quot; And my mouth was filled by a large ball-gag,
  stretching my jaws apart until they felt about to crack. 
He'd explained about the blindfold and gag, I thought, but not why I was standing on  the
  bed, instead of beside it! Suddenly and dramatically, all became clear: two
  hands grasped each of my ankles, yanked my legs from under me and drew them
  back and up, then stretched them very widely apart before fastening them into
  cuffs that I hadn't even seen when we came in. Now I saw -- or rather, I should
  say, I was only too aware! -- of the point of this bondage: I was suspended
  almost horizontally, high enough above the bed for Sir and Lady to lie down
  underneath me, but also low enough that my naked body was well within reach
  for their fondles. 
And fondles I got, believe me! I was very glad that the bar supporting most
  of my weight was well padded, because it must have been at least two hours
  that I hung there, and hardly a minute would have passed without some part
  of my naked and oh-so-available body being touched in some way or other. It
  was fondled, prodded, slapped, tickled, once or twice gently kicked, and sometimes
  even struck with what felt like a small whip. This latter stung a bit, but
  was hardly painful, especially in comparison with the firm massaging of my
  nipples, still sore and ultra-sensitive after the clamps' squeezing. 
Obviously, I had no idea at all where I would next be touched, or what kind
  of touch it would be, whether to caress or arouse... or torment! Enough of
  the touches, however, were of the first two kinds, that my cock stayed hard
  most of the time, dangling heavily under my suspended body. Nor was it only
  these touches that excited me: they were very effectively augmented by the
  very sensation of my utter helplessness, as well as by the constant stimulation
  that came through my ears and sparked my imagination of what was happening
  below! 
The sounds were easily recognizable: kissing and sucking at first, and the
  soft hiss of hands moving over smooth skin, and later I could distinctly hear
  the sound of a cock thrusting in and out of a moist cunt. In addition, there
  were the murmurs of pleasure, the small moans of enjoyment, and the actual
  words, explicit and erotic, that lovers say to each other when they are screwing
  with unashamed enthusiasm. Never once was a single word spoken to me, and it
  was clear what this meant: I was merely a toy for use in their foreplay --
  a sex aid with a difference! -- and even this knowledge appealed to my nature
  to keep me excited. 
Eventually, after Lady's fourth orgasm -- if the soft but intense series of
  breathless screams were what I thought they were! -- Sir began to grunt in
  a steady and slowly quickening rhythm. That he was thrusting inside Lady in
  time with this rhythm, I was certain, because some part of him (perhaps his
  back) was brushing my dangling cock exactly in time with the grunts. I was
  also strangely sure that this touch was deliberate: perhaps it added to his
  pleasure, perhaps it was merely intended to keep me 'in touch' with what was
  going on, but in any case I found it intensely exciting... so much so that,
  when he climaxed with an almost deafening howl of pleasure, I very nearly came
  in sympathy'! 
A long period -- maybe ten or fiteen minutes, but it seemed longer -- passed,
  with hardly any movement or sound, except for deep, steady breathing and some
  very satisfied-sounding sighs. I had no choice but to wait, in increasing discomfort
  and longing to be freed: some bondage, such as I was in now, is only tolerable
  for any length of time if it is balanced by stimulation of some kind or other,
  to keep one's mind off the aches in joints and muscles. Finally, however, I
  heard the sounds of Sir and Lady getting off the bed, followed by some more
  noises that I couldn't identify. 
Suddenly, with no warning at all, I heard the swish of a cane in the air,
  just an instant before I felt it land along the full length of the inside of
  one of my wide-spread thighs. The sheer shock completely drowned out any pain,
  but the second blow on the other thigh, landing only a second or so later,
  seemed to be all pain. My howl of anguish, as I imagined two red-hot pokers
  laid along each thigh, was very loud in my ears, but I knew that only a muffled
  squeal would have escaped the gag. 
I started to wonder, in real fear now, whether this couple, as well as liking
  to fondle a slave in their foreplay, might also enjoy giving the same slave
  a severe whipping -- as afterplay! Yet I was only too aware that I was completely
  helpless, and utterly at their mercy: no amount of struggling, however desperate,
  could possibly extricate me from the expertly applied bondage that I'd submitted
  to. Perhaps they were even sadistic enough to enjoy watching me kick and writhe
  hopelessly while they whipped my skin raw! 
To my enormous relief, my worst fears were unfounded. After just those two
  blows, my ankles were released and my legs brought down to the bed for me to
  stand: but they wanted to buckle, and strong hands had to hold me up while
  the bar was slipped from under my elbows, allowing my numbed arms to drop to
  my sides. Then I was laid gently on the bed, and two pairs of hands solicitously
  massaged the stiff muscles of my legs and arms, and even spread soothing cream
  on the tender weals on my thighs. 
My gag and blindfold weren't removed, however: and, before movement was fully
  restored to my arms, the cuffs and chains were replaced by a rope tying my
  wrists comfortably but securely behind my back. I was still blind and mute
  when I was led to the door and handed over to a crew slave sent to take me
  back to my cell in the unaccompanied slaves' quarters. 
The lights were out and everything was quiet, when I was finally locked into
  my cell. I settled down on my hard pallet, and my last thought before sleep
  overtook me, was concerned with whether a night 'in solitary' and in bondage
  might not have been better than what I'd just been through. 
Several days later, I had the opportunity to make this comparison. I'd just
  spent the previous two nights without very much sleep at all -- the precise
  circumstances will be revealed in later chapters of my tale! -- and I felt
  a real need to get a good night's sleep. The rules associated with unaccompanied
  slavery, I'd been told, included a provision for exemption from the normal
  requirement that slaves should always be available for claiming by owners:
  but I also knew that a request for such exemption was rarely granted. 
I decided, however, that I had nothing to lose by making the request. As we
  slaves were being led back into the quarters for our evening meal, I asked
  for permission to speak to the officer in charge. This was granted, and I was
  shown into the office, where a lady officer was waiting. 
Before asking me what I wanted, she turned on a tape-recorder (this was normal,
  when officers spoke with slaves in their official capacities, to protect both
  parties against later claims of mistreatment or disobedience) and ordered me
  to stand rigidly at attention. Then she told me to identify myself and make
  my request: I did so, stating my request simply and humbly. 
&quot;You slaves!&quot; was her first reaction, &quot;you think you can get
  away with anything!&quot; Her tone was harsh and more than a little sarcastic,
  but her eyes had a twinkle of enjoyment in them: she knew, as I did, that part
  of the 'game' of slavery -- for both 'sides' -- lay in slaves making such requests,
  sometimes even with abject begging or attempts at bargaining. &quot;OK, slave ,&quot; she
  went on, the emphasis intended to remind me of my lowly status, &quot;I'll
  consider it. Give me your reasons, as simply as you can, but don't leave out
  any significant detail, no matter how personal or private!&quot; 
&quot;One reason, ma'am,&quot; I replied formally. &quot;I have had very little
  sleep for the past two nights. First, on the last island we visited, I had
  to spend the night with a Mistress...&quot; I gave a brief outline of some
  events, which I shall relate in another chapter: but the officer drew more
  details from me, and I realized that these would enable her to check my story,
  if necessary. As it turned out, it seemed to satisfy her. 
&quot;Yes,&quot; she grinned, &quot;that lady does keep her slaves pretty
  busy, doesn't she? My own slave went on a visit to that island once, and came
  back quite exhausted after her little orgy: what he told me seems to fit with
  your story. But that was two nights ago... what demands were made on you last
  night, that stopped you sleeping?&quot; 
I told her, and her mood changed abruptly. &quot;You mean to say,&quot; she
  snapped testily, &quot;that you have the cheek to request exemption, on the
  flimsy grounds that you were too busy cuddling your slave girl-friend, to get
  even a half-decent night's sleep last night? That sounds like sheer impertinence
  to me, and you may be sorry for it! It's one thing claiming that a Mistress
  has made good use of you for a night -- that's what you slaves are for, after
  all! -- but the second part of your excuse is quite another!&quot; 
She paused, looking at me almost expectantly. I guessed she was waiting for
  me to start begging, or to try to bargain with offers of willingness to be
  whipped, or even suddenly to confess that I'd been trying to con her: from
  the stories I'd heard, all these 'ploys' and other like them were used. I was
  also aware that, nine times out of ten, it was the slave who came off second-best,
  with the request refused and , quite often, a penalty for
  impertinence as well! That, too, was part of the 'game', and was accepted by
  those of us who enjoyed being slaves.) I was serious about my request, whatever
  its chances of success, and I chose to observe the rule about not speaking
  until directly told to. 
&quot;I should dismiss your request out-of-hand,&quot; she said at last, &quot;but
  I'll at least check out your story. Who is this slave-girl, anyway, that could
  keep you awake after such a long hard night with the Mistress on the island?&quot; 
&quot;She's an old friend, ma'am,&quot; I replied, &quot;from a previous cruise.
  We care a lot for each other, and we haven't had much time together this time,
  because she's being assessed for crew slavery...&quot; 
&quot;Oh, that one?&quot; interrupted the officer. &quot;Helen, isn't it?
  Now I know why you looked familiar: I'm on her assessment committee, and earlier
  today I looked at... yes, you know what I mean, don't you?&quot; 
My blush gave me away: I knew only too well what she meant, but you, dear
  reader, will have to wait until a later chapter for the details! Suffice it
  to say that the officer checked my story, with an owner who knew precisely
  where I'd been last night, and with the Purser's office for confirmation that
  I had in fact been on the island as I'd claimed. Finally she turned back to
  me. 
&quot;I still think you've got a lot of cheek,&quot; she said sternly, &quot;making
  your request under these circumstances. However, I must be feeling in a kind
  mood tonight, because I'm going to grant it... but on two conditions: the first
  is that you'll spend the night in the 'brig'. You would almost certainly be
  doing that anyway, even if your reasons were more persuasive, because it's
  the normal disincentive for slaves wanting to make this request: but tonight,
  I promise you, your stay there will be less comfortable than 'normal'! 
&quot;The second condition is that, when I come off-duty tomorrow morning,
  I'll have you brought to me from the brig, and we'll spend a little time in
  a bondage room, experimenting with one of the things I saw you doing last night. 
&quot;I'm offering you a choice, you understand? Either accept my conditions,
  or go back to your cell and take your chances on being claimed for another
  busy night. It's not much of a choice, I know, because if you take the latter
  and end up not being claimed, I'll probably clap you in the brig, anyway, for
  making a frivolous request: as for tomorrow morning, you must be aware that
  I have every right to take you off to a bondage room and do with you what I
  please. 
&quot;After all,&quot; she went on with a broad grin, &quot;you are a slave  and,
  by definition, slaves don't get choices, so you should consider yourself lucky.
  The only reason I'm giving you this choice is that I'm hoping you might feel
  you owe me a small favour, which might inspire you to try hard to put up with
  what may be some pretty strenuous bondage experiments tomorrow morning. Well,
  what do you say, slave? I want your answer NOW!&quot; 
It seemed I didn't have a lot to lose, by accepting her conditions -- even
  if I was also gaining little! Besides, the prospect of a session of bondage
  'experiments' with this particular officer was as attractive as she was herself:
  a very sexy woman of just under average size, with a figure that was shapely
  without being voluptuous, and a mass of brunette curls framing a face that
  had just the right mixture of soft femininity and strong dominance. These thoughts
  passed through my mind in much less time than it takes to read them, and my
  answer was suitably prompt. 
&quot;Thank you, ma'am, for considering my request,&quot; I said humbly. &quot;I'm
  very willing to accept your conditions.&quot; 
&quot;Don't mention it,&quot; she replied in a tone of mock generosity. She
  pressed a button, causing a bell to ring outside her office, then went on in
  almost rueful tones: &quot;Now that you have mentioned it, and made your choice
  in just those words, I'm beginning to regret the whole thing. Here I am, bargaining
  with a slave over something that should have been a simple 'Don't waste my
  time!' I hope no other officers listen to this tape, or they'll think I've
  gone soft!&quot; 
One of her crew slave assistants entered, obviously in answer to her summons. &quot;I'm
  excusing this slave from normal duty tonight,&quot; she told him. &quot;Put
  him in the brig, with level three restraints.&quot; She turned off the tape
  recorder, as if to end a formal interview: then, as the other slave was leading
  me out, she added, &quot;Sleep well, slave. See you in the morning!&quot; And
  there was a look in her eye that suggested she was looking forward to it! 
I did sleep, surprising well in fact, despite the less-than-comfortable circumstances
  of the 'brig' -- a small, sound-proofed, pitch-dark cell -- and the 'level
  three' restraints -- face down in a hogtie, not severely tight but prevented
  from rolling onto my sides by the cord between my ankles and wrists being looped
  over a bar. Sleep came quickly, too, thanks to the potion that the crew slave
  made me drink first, but not before my imagination had a chance to run free
  with ideas of what might happen in the morning: experience had taught me that
  bondage sessions often included the bound slave being forced to give oral pleasure
  to his tormentor... not that I would need much 'forcing', with that particular
  officer! 
The sound of the heavy bolts of the brig's door being drawn woke me, but it
  was still pitch dark, and I assumed that my incarceration had been cut short
  for some reason. As I was released and helped to my feet, however, I realized
  that the stiffness in my muscles was evidence of a much longer period! The
  crew slave who released me said nothing, but simply helped me regain the minimum
  use of my limbs, then led me up on deck, where I saw that it was very early
  morning, just after dawn. 
The officer was waiting, and she made me join in her 'constitutional' -- a
  series of brisk sprints around the decks, interspersed with stretching and
  deep breathing exercises. Once this had eased my stiffness, I started to enjoy
  a wonderful feeling in the fresh morning air, and watched the daylight growing
  over a glorious sea view. A different kind of 'view', but equally pleasant,
  was my companion, her lithe shapely body clearly outlined by the snugly fitting
  leotard she wore! 
Our last sprint ended beside the swimming pool, and by now my naked body was
  filmed with sweat, despite the cool morning air. The officer made use of the
  showering facilities there, first by fastening my wrists above my head in one
  of the open 'slave stalls' and directing stinging jets of cold water, then
  hot, into every crevice of my body. Releasing me, she told me to rub myself
  dry with a thick rough towel, then to come and help her shower. 
By the time I followed her into one of the luxurious booths provided for Masters,
  Mistresses and officers, she had already stripped and was enjoying the gentle
  caress of hot water from hundreds of fine nozzles on three sides. With a few
  curt words, she made me lather her back and arms with a rich creamy soap, then
  drop to my knees to do the same with her legs. She washed the front of her
  body herself, and I knew I was expected to keep my eyes humbly downcast, so
  I hardly caught even a glimpse of the delights that it offered! 
After her shower, I did get some idea of them -- by touch only, and through
  a very thick soft towel at that, as I gently patted her dry with my gaze studiously
  averted. Telling me to turn my back while she dressed, she then came up behind
  me, took my wrists and quickly tied them together with cord, before moving
  to come face-to-face with me again. 
She was still wearing what might be called a leotard, but this one was even
  more figure-hugging than the other, if that was possible. Coloured a deep royal
  blue, it was certainly more revealing in other ways: cut very high over her
  hips, and with a neckline that plunged below her breastbone, its lines seemed
  to accentuate precisely those parts of her that she hadn't let me see. Inevitably,
  my cock reacted to the sight in its natural way! 
With a lovely smile that I took as an acknowledgement of the implied compliment,
  she reached down to give it a fondle. Or so I thought: I may have been right
  about the smile, but her hand just barely brushed my cock as she reached right
  between my legs for what I realized was the cord tied to my wrists. Giving
  it a sharp tug down and forwards, to ensure it was well lodged between my buttocks,
  she then surprised me by skillfully making two loops with it and slipping them
  over my cock, one behind my balls and the other just behind its head -- and
  she did this without seeming to touch me at all! 
&quot;Time for our little bondage experiment, slave!&quot; she announced with
  another bright smile, matching a sparkle of anticipation in her eyes. Turning,
  she tugged firmly on the cord -- causing no little discomfort, as the simple
  loops tended to pinch quite sharply! I followed obediently: and my obedience
  was less in the fact that I followed (I could do little else, after all!),
  than in the way I hung back to ensure there was always just a little strain
  on my leash, as I knew was expected. 
Our walk to the bondage room she had selected -- the same one I'd spent some
  time in, the evening before last, with Helen (as you will read in a chapter
  to come!) -- was hardly unpleasant. I couldn't tear my gaze from the sexy sway
  of the officer's hips, from the way her leotard left a great deal of her buttocks
  exposed -- buttocks as firm and trim as they were generously rounded -- or
  from the perfectly muscled lines of her thighs and calves. My cock swelled
  even more within its loops of cord, but I didn't mind the discomfort one bit! 
I won't go into details of the 'bondage experiment' she referred to, except
  to mention that it involved the constant use of spring-loaded clamps on both
  my nipples and my cock, as well as cords tied around my scrotum behind each
  of my balls -- now the reader will have no difficulty recognizing it when the
  evening with Helen is described in a later chapter. It consisted of a number
  of subtle variations on the one position, some of them relatively comfortable,
  some very severe and only just tolerable. As my tormentor had hoped, I did
  feel I owed her something, and I did my very best to co-operate in adopting
  and holding even the most severe positions: and, no doubt, the stretching exercises
  she'd made me do, assisted me in this. She also asked me how each position
  felt, and how long I thought I could hold it: I answered as honestly as I could. 
By the end of the two hours or so we spent there, my nipples and cock and
  balls were starting to feel as if they'd been stretched by inches! Yet the
  clamps were never actually pulled off, the way they had been with Helen: instead,
  the officer removed them after each 'experiment', but she always took pleasure
  in kneading my nipples firmly for a few moments each time. The repeated application
  of the clamps, followed quite shortly by their removal and rolling in her fingers,
  left my nipples only a little sore, but very sensitive indeed! 
Eventually the officer told me the 'experiments' were over, but there was
  one last thing she wanted me to do. As I lay face up in a loose spreadeagle,
  she knelt over my chest with her back to my face and said, &quot;I like having
  the cheeks of my bottom licked, slave. Do it slowly and gently, all over the
  parts that aren't covered by my leotard.&quot; I obeyed willingly, enjoying
  the sense of humiliation as well as the taste and feel of her smooth flesh
  on my tongue. 
Later, she also told me to run my tongue under the elastic edges of her leotard,
  and to push my nose deeply into the cleft between her buttocks until it pressed
  right on the sensitive nerves around her anus. But she didn't remove her leotard,
  nor did my tongue get closer to her pussy than when it explored the edges of
  her leotard just beside its lips. I don't think she had a climax, either, but
  there was no doubt she was enjoying herself! 
Nor were her hands idle all this time: she ran her fingernails up and down
  the skin of my belly, sides and thighs, not gently but very erotically. My
  cock, at least partly erect during the whole of her 'experiments', responded
  in its inevitable way, but at first she ignored it. Later, however, she gave
  it some attention, but not with the sort of fondling we slaves were so accustomed
  to: instead, she slapped it vigorously back and forth between her palms, and
  flicked her fingernails sharply and quite painfully on its sensitive head.
  She also handled my balls, and none too gently either, pulling them and squeezing
  them just enough to cause me discomfort but not too much pain. 
After fifteen or twenty minutes of this, she released me and led me to one
  of the pleasant sunny deck areas, where she made me serve her a late breakfast,
  before finally dismissing me with an order to report back to the unaccompanied
  slave quarters. Her parting remark, as she patted my bum with a smile, was &quot;I
  enjoyed that, slave, and I'm glad I decided to allow your request last night.
  And I trust your good night's sleep has refreshed you for another interesting
  day -- and perhaps another busy night tonight!&quot; I grinned at her in reply:
  I was indeed feeling good, and ready for anything the day might bring. 
Apart from the events already hinted at, my time as an unaccompanied slave
  passed without other highlights: the activities and the idle times in our cells,
  that were briefly described at the start of this chapter, kept it passing in
  anything but a dull manner... for me, at least! 
In the afternoon of the fifth day of the cruise -- the second day after my Mistress
  left to visit the island -- we unaccompanied slaves, along with a number of
  passengers' slaves, were brought together on deck. The ship was at anchor,
  and we could see another island nearby, with a number of buildings and a small
  wharf: I guessed that there was no channel deep enough to let the ship actually
  berth there. 
An officer attracted our attention and announced, &quot;The ship will be spending
  nearly two days anchored off the island you can see. It happens to be owned
  by the cruise operators, for a twofold purpose: one, to make a profit through
  the produce of the plantation we run there; and two, to give slaves like you
  a taste of the old 'field-hand' or 'chain-gang' slavery! Obviously, using you
  for the second helps us achieve the first, since slaves don't have to be paid!&quot; 
As I listened to this, my heart began thumping at the picture he was painting.
  This was a new sort of slavery for me, different from the formalized and essentially
  sex-oriented slavery I had submitted to with my Mistress, and I wondered just
  how harshly we could expect to be treated. However, I suspected my Mistress
  had been quite aware of this possibility when she'd left me for the island,
  and by now I trusted her implicitly -- so much so, that my pulse was racing
  much more from excited anticipation than from fear. 
&quot;Some of you,&quot; the officer was saying, &quot;will already know the
  conditions attached to this part of the cruise, but for those who don't, they
  are as follows: owners who have brought their slaves may assign them to duty
  on a chain-gang -- those to whom this applies know who I mean -- but all  unaccompanied
  slaves are automatically  'volunteers' for this 'slave labour',
  since your fares have been so heavily discounted. This applies whether you
  requested unaccompanied status yourselves, or whether your owners -- passenger
  or officer -- have loaned you for unaccompanied slavery: what matters is that
  you are designated as such at this moment . 
&quot;We make just one concession: any passenger  slave --
  not crew! -- may opt out of the obligation, on pain of a fairly severe penalty.
  Some of you may have heard what the penalty is, some may have suffered it before,
  but I won't tell the rest of you what it is. Now, do I have any 'opters-out'?...
  anyone who wants to avoid a bit of 'slave labour', risking an unknown penalty
  to do so?&quot; 
This option was clearly intended to discourage opting out, and I was not about
  to take it. But three slaves, two males and one female, did raise their hands. 
&quot;Are you sure?&quot; the officer asked them. &quot;I warn you, you'll
  have no chance to change your minds when the penalty is revealed to you.&quot; All
  three kept their hands up, however, and he said curtly, &quot;Very well. Take
  them away.&quot; 
One of the male 'opters-out' happened to be close to me and I noticed, as
  an officer led him away, that his face had a look of anticipation, even eagerness:
  perhaps he knew something I didn't, that the threatened penalty wasn't as bad
  as it might be? (I saw him again after our stay on this island, looking a good
  deal less happy: practically every inch of his body showed the marks of whipping,
  and he confided to me that the penalty had indeed been more severe than he'd
  anticipated, since he'd been put in solitary confinement and almost continuous
  bondage, as well as being whipped frequently.) 
The officer consulted a list he held, and called out the names of a number
  of slaves: they stood forward obediently, and other officers quickly shackled
  them in groups of four, by means of iron collars or ankle cuffs padlocked to
  lengths of strong chain. After these 'selected' slaves -- selected for no reason
  that I could guess at -- were shackled, the assisting officers simply moved
  amongst the rest of us, taking us quite arbitrarily and shackling us similarly
  in groups of four. So I found myself a member of a 'chain-gang' -- but one
  I didn't really mind, seeing as I was lucky enough to be 'ganged' with three
  attractive female slaves! 
All we 'chain-gangs' were taken down into the ship's hold, where we were put
  to work, loading boxes through a hatch in its side onto a motor launch that
  had come out from the island. The launch made several trips, each time taking
  a few slaves along with its cargo, until all the boxes were on the wharf and
  all the 'chain-gangs' stood waiting for our further orders. Then the officer
  who had been supervising us 'handed us over' formally to a man and a woman,
  dressed in exactly the kind of clothes one would expect on the owners of tropical
  plantations, who'd been watching without saying a word. 
Apart from a polite &quot;Thank you&quot; to the officer, who returned to
  the ship, they said nothing more: but their position of authority became very
  clear when, with the merest of gestures, they summoned a number of what were
  obviously 'overseers' from a hut on the wharf. These were slaves, like the
  rest of us -- at least they were naked like us! -- but that they were there
  to control us 'chain-gang slaves' was unarguable: they were unshackled, free
  to move as they wished, and each of them carried a heavy, vicious-looking whip
  at least eight feet long! 
I suspect none of us chained slaves ever knew whether our overseers would
  have used their whips to force our obedience: in fact, they never needed to,
  because the whips' threat alone was enough to keep us in line and working as
  we were ordered! Our first task was to move the piles of boxes from the wharf
  to various places of storage, and the overseers saw to this with the barest
  minimum of instructions from the 'boss' and his lady: we were formed into long
  lines, and we passed boxes from one gang to the next until the wharf was empty.
  It took somewhat longer than really necessary, thanks to the way we were shackled
  together, but I suspected that this was deliberate, to enhance the effect of
  slaves being put to 'hard labour'. 
The 'hard labour' wasn't really very strenuous, but we were nevertheless sweaty
  when we'd finished; we were herded together into an enclosure with concrete
  walls and floor, the door was shut behind us, and then several of the overseers
  hosed us down with a shower of cold water from over the seven-foot-high walls.
  They also tossed us bars of coarse but well-lathering soap and scrubbing brushes,
  ordering us to use them on each other -- not ourselves! -- to make sure we
  were clean. I and the three naked girls I was shackled to, found this exercise
  very enjoyable indeed, and likewise the subsequent rubbing each other dry with
  thick but rough towels! 
By now the semi-tropical twilight was drawing in quickly, and we were herded
  into a large shed, where we were given food. There was just one large bowl
  on the floor for each four-slave gang, who had to sit around it and eat with
  the primitive wooden spoons provided. Although it looked little better than
  the mush that might be fed to pigs, it turned out to taste quite good and my
  companions and I had little trouble in emptying our bowl. 
After this meal, each gang was taken separately into another part of the shed,
  obviously the slaves' dormitory. There was a cubicle for each gang, and each
  cubicle was divided into four narrow compartments: each slave had to lie down
  in a compartment, and the chains between us were fastened into slots in such
  a way that it was quite impossible not only for a gang to escape, but also
  for any member of the gang even to touch another! 
&quot;You're here to sleep,&quot; grinned our overseer as he made sure I and
  my fellow-slaves were secure. &quot;The bosses want you fresh and strong for
  your work tomorrow: if we didn't fix you like this, you mightn't get enough
  sleep to do any work at all -- especially you!&quot; he added to me, clearly
  referring to the temptations of being shackled to three such attractive naked
  females! Just as clearly, as an overseer he was under fewer restrictions, and
  he spent some time coaxing a few murmurs of pleasure from my companions before
  leaving us. 
There seemed to be no rule about talking here, however, and the three girls
  and I chatted for some time through the thin partitions separating us. We wondered
  aloud what kind of 'slave labour' we would be put to in the morning, and whether
  any of the more severe treatments associated with real slavery might be used
  on us. In fact, the sound of all the slave-gangs talking in their cubicles
  amounted to little less than a roar at first, but gradually things got quieter
  as tiredness crept over us all. I dropped off to sleep at last, and slept surprisingly
  well, despite the floor of my compartment being hardly even the thinnest of
  mattresses. 
It was barely light next morning when we were awoken by the sound of a loud
  gong, after which our overseers released us from our cubicles and sent us into
  the main part of the shed for breakfast. This was served in the same way as
  had the evening meal, and it was similarly unappetising to look at but pleasant
  enough to eat. Being quite well rested, and adequately fed, I found myself
  actually looking forward to the day's labours! 
These 'slave labours', while not heavy physical work or really demeaning tasks
  -- after all, the slavery on the cruise was meant to be fun for all concerned
  -- were nevertheless physical and tiring... and mainly boring. Boring enough,
  in fact, not to be worth describing here, except to say that we did the kind
  of weeding, tilling and such like jobs that real 'plantation' slaves would
  have had to spend some of their time on. Naturally, we were directed in these
  tasks by the overseer slaves, who ensured our obedience with the threat of
  the big whips they still carried but never used: but they also carried -- and did  use,
  often! -- smaller whips or crops, which inflicted no real damage but could
  sting very sharply! 
Having the very submissive nature I was born with, I found the context itself
  enjoyable and very exciting; and I'm quite sure that most, if not all, the
  other 'chain-gang' slaves felt the same to some degree or other. I know the
  three slave-girls I was shackled to shared my feelings, and we all entered
  into the spirit of this re-creation of a particular environment -- as did the
  slave overseers, themselves as naked as we were, but unshackled to enable them
  to control us in carrying out their orders. These were issued by the boss and
  his lady, who also kept up the charade by keeping themselves at a discreet
  -- and somehow superior! -- distance, along with a number of 'owners' from
  the ship... yet there was little doubt of the interest with which they all
  watched! 
I like to think we slaves gave them a show worth watching! Some played the
  parts of slaves who'd perhaps been beaten into submission, cowering and working
  eagerly in order to avoid the overseers' whips; others pretended defiance and
  offered resistance, sometimes token and sometimes quite strong, and performed
  the work demanded of them only with the coercion of those same whips. And the
  overseers played their own parts well, shouting and brandishing their whips
  and crops with great flourishes, but rarely striking with very much force. 
For my part, I played a role somehwere between these extremes. I found it
  so exciting -- to be a stark naked 'plantation' slave, my one ankle shackled
  by a heavy chain to three other similarly naked slaves; to feel the sun and
  air on my nudity, as well as the touch of the plants we were tending; to be
  shouted at by equally naked overseers, their status above mine emphasised by
  being unshackled and carrying whips to enforce my obedience, yet still slaves
  in their servile obedience to their own orders; and to be aware of other figures,
  clothed rather than naked, lounging at ease with cool drinks and shade while
  they watched us 'slaving'! -- that I wanted my experience of this episode to
  be as wide as possible. So, at times, I cowered and worked, sullenly or eagerly;
  at others, I talked back to the overseers or refused to work... until a few
  sharp cracks of a whip or crop across my back or bum 'persuaded' me. 
I felt especially lucky to have been 'ganged' with the three pretty girls
  who shared my labours: I was certain that, true to the cruise's principle that
  male and female slaves were virtually interchangeable, my good fortune had
  been co-incidental, and I felt a bit sorry for some other gangs, who consisted
  of four males or four females. 'My' gang were wonderful company -- two of them
  were unaccompanied slaves, the other was a crew slave 'on loan' -- and they
  were unfailingly cheerful, enjoying this episode in their own ways as much
  as I was, as well as very sexy indeed! They got a great kick out of 'ganging
  up' on me (pun intended!), teasing me unmercifully -- but very pleasantly!
  -- by posing their lovely naked bodies to excite me and talking in the most
  explicit terms about their bodies... and mine, for that matter! Several times
  I found it impossible to resist giving one or other of them a surreptitious
  caress: fortunately, these went unnoticed by the overseers... all but one,
  that is, and that one brought me and the girl, whose pussy I was fondling,
  by far the sharpest whip cuts we got all day. It was worth it, though! 
Naturally, we slaves were somewhat tired -- though by no means exhausted --
  when a halt was called to our 'labours' that evening and we were herded back
  towards the shed that had been our 'quarters' last night. I, for one, was actually
  looking forward to lying down on the floor of my cubicle -- relatively hard
  and uncomfortable though it might be -- and being able to rest my weary legs
  and arms. But what transpired was something quite unexpected.... 
As we slave-gangs arrived at the shed, we were paraded, one gang at a time,
  in front of the couple who seemed to 'own' the plantation. Our overseers warned
  us not to say a word, but they themselves addressed the couple, obsequiously,
  as 'Boss' and 'Boss-Lady'. This was the first time we slaves had seen our temporary
  'owners' up close and, although we were expected to keep our eyes down, I was
  impressed by the aura of power and command that seemed to surround them: in
  particular, I couldn't help but notice the 'Boss-Lady', a tall, statuesque
  and stunningly beautiful woman with decidedly Spanish features and long black
  hair. 
During this 'inspection parade', several gangs of slaves were drawn aside,
  at a word from the Boss or Boss-Lady, for a closer inspection. My gang was
  the first of these, and one of my slave-girl companions was carefully and thoroughly
  looked over by the Boss, who ran his hands over her naked body, made her open
  her mouth and poke her tongue out, and even spread her thighs with his hand
  so that he could push his fingers into her pussy. To my surprise, when he'd
  finished with her, he turned to me  and made a similar inspection
  of my nudity, ending with a very thorough handling of my cock and balls. 
My surprise was even greater when, by whatever standards he was judging us,
  he selected me but not the girl-slave! As our attendant overseer obeyed his
  order to separate me from my companions -- care was taken to hobble my ankles
  before disconnecting the chain holding me to the others, and my wrists were
  tied behind me as well -- I wondered for what purpose or special duty I'd been
  chosen. I stood aside, under the watchful eye of another overseer slave, and
  watched as the parade continued: seven more slaves were selected, until there
  were four males and four females, two of each having been chosen by the Boss
  and Boss-Lady. 
We eight were taken by two overseers, who gave us a careful soaping and rub-down:
  with our hands behind us, we couldn't do this for ourselves, but I doubt if
  any of us minded having our sweaty naked bodies lathered and scrubbed and dried
  by the overseers. Then we were fed our evening meal, before the rest of the
  slaves, and finally we were led up to what was clearly the house of the plantation
  'owners', where we were 'handed over' to two more slaves. 
Judging from the brief but good-natured banter between these two and the overseers
  who'd brought us, the former were clearly 'house-slaves' and liked to think
  of themselves as superior to the 'field-slaves', even the overseers. They took
  the liberty of checking the eight of us carefully, finally pronounced us clean
  enough to enter the Bosses' house, and sent the other overseers away with smug
  grins. The male 'house-slave' took charge of me and the three other males,
  his female companion did the same with the four slave-girls, and they led us
  into what was obviously a dining room. 
Soon after they had arranged us in two rows beside the table, the Boss and
  Boss-Lady came in and sat down to a delicious meal served by the two house-slaves.
  They behaved as if it were perfectly normal to dine with four male and four
  female slaves, standing naked and shackled and clearly 'on display' -- perhaps
  it was, for them! -- and they seemed to give us little attention, apart from
  a casual glance or two, as they chatted over their meal, discussing the way
  the slaves' work had gone today. 
Later, between courses, they gave us more attention, though still casual and
  even off-hand: once or twice, with the merest nod or pointed finger, they had
  a house-slave bring one of us closer, for brief but intimate fondles of our
  naked bodies, accompanied by matter-of-fact comments to each other on our physical
  attributes. Later still, they even spoke to us a little, mainly to ask us how
  we'd enjoyed our work: one or two of us acted sullen and complained of having
  to work too hard (which only brought a crisp comment that we were lucky we
  hadn't been put to really heavy labour!), but I decided to 'curry favour' by
  telling the Boss-Lady very humbly that I was willing to do anything for her
  (to which she responded with an enigmatic smile that may have meant either
  apporval or cynicism). 
At the end of the meal, we slaves were led out, and I and the three other
  males found ourselves in a large and comfortable bedroom. Obeying the house-slave's
  instruction to get down on our knees facing the foot of the bed, we waited
  expectantly, with more than an inkling of what was about to happen! It must
  have been nearly a half-hour later when the house-slave obsequiously opened
  the door to usher in the Boss-Lady. 
With my eyes downcast as was expected of us slaves, all I saw was the hem
  of a long and richly brocaded robe and the tips of white shoes, but the voice
  that said, &quot;Thank you, boy. Wait next door until I call&quot; was unmistakably
  hers. The door closed and she was alone with us: she walked in front of us
  twice, then sat down on the foot of the bed and spoke. 
&quot;You may look at me, slaves,&quot; was the first thing she said. We did
  so, and saw that she'd crossed her legs, allowing the robe to fall open and
  reveal that her white 'shoes' were in fact boots of the finest soft leather,
  reaching to well above her knees; in fact, the only part of her  that
  was visible was her lovely face -- but the curves of her firm breasts were
  clear under the robe. 
&quot;I'm sure you have a pretty good idea,&quot; she continued with a smile, &quot;of
  why you're here, but I do enjoy spelling out in detail what I expect of you.
  Every time the ship brings a new batch of slave-gangs for your stint of labour
  on our plantation, the Boss and I play a little game, to see if any of you
  are good for more than just slaving in the fields. You may have noticed that
  he chose two of you and I chose the other two, just as we did with the four
  slave-girls he has in his bedroom now: we find it interesting to see how well
  we can pick slaves to the other's taste, and it leads to a good deal of variety
  as well! 
&quot;Now it's time for me to check you out more closely, to see if I want
  to keep you to play with tonight. I may keep all four of you, or I may keep
  only one: if you fail to please me enough, I may order a whipping for you,
  or I may let my personal slave-boy amuse himself with you, or return you to
  the Boss to decide what to do with you... or even send you straight back to
  the field-slave quarters. If I choose the latter, you may as well know, the
  overseers might take out their jealousy at you being chosen, by amusing themselves
  with you for the rest of the night, at some discomfort and humiliation for
  you!&quot; 
Her broad grin, as she said this, was completely without malice, but there
  was little doubt that these 'threats' were intended to elicit our best efforts
  to please her. How we were to do this, now became obvious: she stood up and
  casually, but incredibly sensually, allowed the robe to slide to the floor,
  revealing to our goggling eyes her magnificent body. Her slightly olive skin
  was flawless, her figure was as perfect as it was voluptuous, and the thatch
  of black curly hair, just above the tops of skin-tight boots she wore, was
  thick and luxurious. 
She stood a moment, obviously basking in the frank admiration of our stares,
  then sat down again, spread her legs wide and leaned back on her arms. &quot;You
  will each have five minutes to convince me of your skill with your mouth,&quot; she
  announced, and nodded at the slave on her left. &quot;You first.&quot; 
Watching that first slave, then the next, eagerly bury their mouths in her
  pussy and follow her instructions to lick other parts of her gorgeous body
  and to suck on her dark red nipples, I resolved to do my very best to please
  her. Not, I had to admit to myself, that I was terribly afraid of what might
  happen to me if I failed, but because she turned me on so intensely that I
  really wanted  to give her as much pleasure as I possibly
  could, and -- just perhaps -- she might reward me by allowing me to feast my
  eyes on her beauty for even a few minutes longer. By the way she accepted the
  attentions of the first two slaves' lips and tongues -- almost detached and
  clinically -- I could tell that it wasn't going to be easy to impress her;
  but this only increased my resolve. 
I was third in line and, at her nod, I crawled as quickly as I could to the
  place between her legs and set to work with a will. I did the very best I could,
  thrusting my tongue deep inside her fragrant cunt, sucking and nippling gently
  on the clit half-hidden in her thick pussy hair and, on her command, lifting
  my face to run my lips over the smooth firm curves of her magnificent tits
  as she leaned over me. With their ripe fullness, their large aureoles and the
  hard buttons of her nipples at their tips, her breasts were as excting to touch
  as any I'd ever seen; when she told me my five minutes was up, I felt as if
  I wanted to keep sucking them for ever! 
After the fourth slave had had his five minutes, the Boss-Lady sat up straight
  and crossed her legs again before looking down at us with more than a touch
  of amusement in her eyes. &quot;Well,&quot; she said, &quot;I can't complain
  about your keenness, slaves: I only trust your work in the fields is equally
  willing! Now, three of you were satisfactory, but the other wasn't quite up
  to scratch.&quot; 
She paused, with a teasing smile on her lips as she watched each of us wondering
  who the failure was. &quot;Let's see,&quot; she went on, keeping us in suspense
  even longer, &quot;shall I give that one a whipping?... No,&quot; she decided
  after a moment's thought, &quot;I'm feeling generous tonight: maybe the Boss
  can make some use of him... 
&quot;Boy!&quot; she called and, when her personal slave came in, pointed
  at -- to my great relief! -- the fourth slave and said, &quot;I don't want
  this slave: take him to the Boss' slave-girl, and bring back any slaves that
  he mightn't have been happy with.&quot; Her slave obeyed, and returned within
  moments, leading two of the four female slaves that had been chosen for the
  Boss. 
&quot;This is  unusual, isn't it, boy?&quot; exclaimed the
  Boss-Lady in undisguised surprise. &quot;Usually he keeps all four of them, and  keeps
  them busy all night, one way or another: maybe he's not feeling quite himself
  tonight. Now let's see, what am I going to do with all these bodies?&quot; She
  thought for a minute or so, then said, &quot;OK, slave-girls, come here and
  show me how clever you are with your pretty mouths!&quot; 
Lying back on the bed, she made the two girls lean over her and, with one
  at each of her lovely tits, allowed them a few minutes to demonstrate their
  skill at licking and nibbling and sucking. At the same time, she reached up
  and ran her hands over their bodies, cupping their breasts in her palms, rolling
  their nipples in her fingers, and exploring the secrets of their pussies. At
  last she pushed them away and sat up. 
&quot;Right, I've decided,&quot; she announced. &quot;I'll have one male and
  one female slave working on each of my breasts: you and you, come here on each
  side of me.&quot; The slave-girl and male slave -- not me! -- she indicated,
  obeyed; then her eye fell directly on me. 
&quot;You,&quot; she said, &quot;have the greatest privilege -- and the responsibility
  that goes with it. Come here!&quot; She moved back on the enormous bed until
  she was leaning back on the pillows, leaving plenty of space at her feet; when
  I had obeyed, she went on, &quot;I liked your manners at dinner, and your tongue
  test was good too. Your job is to give me pleasure with your mouth on my pussy
  and clit, whenever I want it, all night if necessary: I hope you have the stamina
  for it. You may start now!&quot; 
As I obeyed, I heard her giving her personal slave more orders: one of these
  was to restrict the movement of us three slaves on her bed by joining our wrists
  and ankles in a sort of hogtie, loose enough to allow some movement but quite
  effective to prevent us getting down from the bed. The other orders were to &quot;...
  use these other two slaves to put on a show for me: you know the sort of thing
  I like.&quot; 
I saw nothing at all of this 'show': it went on behind me, where the Boss-Lady
  could easily see it, and I had to concentrate on her pussy for the whole of
  its duration. From the sounds I heard, I guessed it involved some bondage for
  the two slaves, and certainly oral sex as well, but whether this was performed
  on each other or on the Boss-Lady's personal slave, I couldn't tell. All I
  could see, apart from the pussy directly in front of my face, were some glimpses
  of my two fellow-slaves' mouths busy on her tits, and of her hands occasionally
  fondling their naked and available bodies. 
In contrast with her demeanour during our tests, the Boss-Lady now began to
  respond to the attentions of my mouth. It wasn't long before my mouth on her
  pussy, the other two on her tits, added to the stimulation of the 'show', had
  brought her to a high pitch of arousal. Yet she was clearly in no hurry at
  all to reach a climax, showing remarkable self-control in orchestrating the
  various stimulations of the three mouths on her body. 
For my part, I found it incredibly exciting, to be part of such a bizarre
  and erotic tableau. I worked my lips and teeth and tongue willingly, following
  her terse instructions as precisely as I could, because I still wanted  to
  give her all the pleasure I possibly could. And one quite new aspect was especially
  arousing for me: the smooth touch of the leather encasing her long legs! It
  reached up so close to her pussy that I could even see it, contrasting dramatically
  with the darker tones of her skin, and she constantly rubbed it against my
  face and ears and neck, and down my back and sides. 
I felt the sharp tips of her boot heels, too, when she finally let herself
  come: clutching my head between her strong thighs so tightly that it seemed
  she might crush my skull, she dug her heels deep into the muscles of my back
  and screamed aloud in ecstasy. I got little rest, however, after the orgasm
  passed, because she seemed instantly ready for more stimulation: tired but
  still willing, I persevered and was later rewarded with what was clearly a
  shattering climax, that had her writhing and moaning for several minutes. 
Only now did she allow me, and the two slaves at her breasts, to relax. When
  she herself had regained her breath, she told her personal slave to &quot;...
  stop the show now. You may keep the slave-girl overnight if she takes your
  fancy, but send the male slave back to the slave quarters. You other three
  slaves,&quot; she went on, referring to me and my fellow-slaves on her bed, &quot;you
  may sleep now, but I expect you to respond quickly if I wake up and feel like
  some more fun!&quot; 
And she did! Two or three times that night, I was woken by a sharp jab of
  a boot toe in my ribs: no words were said, but I knew what I had to do, and
  applied my mouth to the lush pussy presented to it. I don't think she came
  again, but she clearly enjoyed the attentions of three mouths, there to give
  her pleasure on demand. 
Despite these interruptions, I seemed to sleep quite well, perhaps partly
  because this was the first time in ages that I was actually permitted to sleep
  on a soft bed, rather than a hard pallet or worse! I and my fellow-slaves were
  woken quietly, early the next morning, by the Boss-Lady's slave: in the deep
  slumber of satisfied sexuality, she didn't even stir as we crept out of the
  room and were 'handed back' to an overseer slave to rejoin the other field-slaves. 
Soon I found myself again shackled to the three slave-girls in my 'gang',
  and sitting on the floor of the shed for breakfast. They were naturally interested
  in my adventures, and listened eagerly to my brief but graphic description
  of the night I'd spent. When I finished, I discovered that only two of them
  had spent the night in the cubicle: the third had been 'claimed' by one of
  the overseer slaves, and I and the other two were eager to know more. 
Apparently, on this second night of the cruise ship's periodic visit, the
  overseers -- who worked on the plantation for terms of months rather than days
  -- were permitted to choose one of the visiting 'chain-gang' slaves for their
  own pleasure. The slave-girl in question had been chosen by a big strong black
  overseer slave, who had made a quite fearsome spectacle during our 'labours'
  the previous day: she admitted that she'd been a tiny bit scared when he'd
  lifted her over one shoulder like a sack of potatoes, and carried her well
  into the trees surrounding the plantation. 
&quot;But I needn't have been afraid,&quot; she grinned shyly. &quot;He was  a
  bit rough, because he wanted to tie me up to trees and things, or spreadeagled
  on the ground. I don't mind that, though -- it's what I love about being a
  slave. But underneath it all, he just wanted to screw himself silly: he fucked
  me at least five times during the night, and each time was slow and long...
  like his cock, which looks big enough normally, but you ought to see it when
  it's hard! In any case, he made sure I came too, every time, so... although
  my pussy's a bit tender, I'm feeling very  satisfied!&quot; 
I also learned what happened to the male slave that the Boss-Lady had sent
  back to quarters. Her 'threat' had indeed been carried out: he'd spent the
  whole night tied in a variety of uncomfortable ways and the overseers, between
  amusung themselves with their choice of slaves, had organized a sort of 'relay'
  in tormenting him -- with bags of crushed ice enclosing his cock and balls,
  rubber dildoes pushed into his rectum, spring-loaded clamps on his nipples
  or any other sensitive part... and a succession of overseers' cocks or pussies
  thrust against his mouth, whether he was willing or not! 
I was very glad that I'd worked so hard at pleasing the Boss-Lady! Now I found
  myself wondering if I would ever again see her lovely nakedness. 
I was still thinking along these lines a short time afterwards, when we slave-gangs
  were working at preparing produce for loading on the ship. 
Suddenly, an overseer slave came to my chain-gang and, without so much as
  a word, disconnected my ankle shackle from the three girls and led me up to
  the house where I'd spent the night. There I was 'handed over' once again to
  the Boss-Lady's personal slave, who took me to a very pleasant patio where
  a table was set with what looked like a delicious breakfast. 
&quot;My Mistress will be here in a moment,&quot; he said. &quot;She wants
  another look at you, so you better pose in a way that shows off your body best:
  legs a bit apart... hips forward... belly in... chest out... hands clasped
  behind your neck... yes, that'll do.&quot; 
He left me waiting there, but I didn't have to wait long. The Boss-Lady came
  out, wearing a long semi-transparent robe in a shade of pale green that complemented
  her skin tones perfectly and allowed me to see just a hint of her shapely figure
  underneath. She sat down at the table and started to eat, seeming not to notice
  how my cock had got hard at the sight of her... but before long she reached
  out casually and fondled it briefly -- at which it got harder still! 
She said nothing at all until she'd eaten most of her breakfast, but she continued
  to run her hands occasionally over my nakedness, from neck to thighs but concentrating
  on my nipples, cock and balls, and bottom. Finally, when she was enjoying a
  second cup of coffee, she turned towards me and spoke. 
&quot;I don't often do this,&quot; she said, &quot;with the field-slaves who
  are lucky enough to spend the night with me. After all, that's a privilege
  enough as it is, and it's only your duty to justify that privilege by pleasing
  me as well as you can. However, in this case I wanted to compliment you on
  the excellent service you gave me with your tongue last night.&quot; 
I found myself blushing deeply at this, it was so unexpected, and my cock
  seemed to get harder than ever. She smiled and gave it an even more thorough
  fondle before going on: &quot;In fact, I enjoyed your service so much that
  I got in touch with the ship this morning, and asked to speak with your owner.
  Which is why I've had you brought here -- not just to have another look at
  you, and play with you. I was told that you're an unaccompanied slave -- yes?&quot; 
&quot;Not really, ma'am,&quot; I replied, more than a little surprised. &quot;I
  thought they would have told you...&quot; 
&quot;I'm asking you , slave!&quot; she interrupted sharply,
  and gave my balls a slight but painful squeeze to emphasize her rebuke. 
&quot;I... I'm sorry, ma'am,&quot; I stammered. &quot;I am an unaccompanied
  slave at the moment, but only because my Mistress chose to take another unaccompanied
  slave with her while visiting the other island, and left me in his place.&quot; 
&quot;I see,&quot; she replied. &quot;So you do have an owner on this cruise.
  Is that an arrangement for the cruise only, or does she own you at other times,
  too?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, ma'am, she's my permanent Mistress.&quot; 
&quot;... and you're her permanent slave,&quot; she added the obvious corollary. &quot;Now
  tell me, are you her full-time  slave?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, ma'am!&quot; My reply was given with not a little pride. 
&quot;Good!&quot; she said, with a smile of great satisfaction. &quot;That's
  what the Purser couldn't tell me. And, since your owner isn't available right
  now, that's why I had you brought here.&quot; 
She paused, her hands still toying idly with my cock, and looked me straight
  in the eyes as she went on in a very serious voice: &quot;I would like to have
  you as my personal slave. I'm getting a little bored with my present one, and
  he's ready for a change, too... when I find a suitable replacement. Of course,
  this would be subject to your owner's agreement, but how would you feel about
  it?&quot; 
I stared at her in utter confusion. One part of me found this woman so sexy
  and exciting -- needless to say, that feeling was betrayed by the reaction
  of that one physical part of me that she was still fondling! -- but there was
  also the strong sense of loyalty I felt towards my Mistress. The latter won
  out, but I wondered how the Boss-Lady would take my answer: she was kind enough
  to wait patiently for it, and I think she was hopeful of a positive answer,
  by the way my cock was standing up rigid and purple! 
&quot;Thank you, ma'am,&quot; I managed to say at last, &quot;for the compliment
  you've paid me with your offer: it would have been a great honour to be your
  slave, but please, may I explain that I've been a full-time slave only a short
  time and I'm still learning to please my Mistress and I very much hope she's
  not tired of me yet. So... I beg you to accept my humble refusal of your kind
  offer.&quot; 
The Boss-Lady's smile was a mixture of regret and approval. &quot;That was
  nicely done, slave,&quot; she said. &quot;I won't try to change your mind,
  but it's a pity, because I think you would have enjoyed slavery to me. Slave!&quot; she
  called to summon her slave and, when he instantly appeared, told him, &quot;You'll
  be staying with me a bit longer, isn't that nice? Now bring me paper and a
  pen.&quot; He obeyed, and she told him to summon one of the overseer slaves. 
Rapidly, she covered a sheet of paper with neat handwriting, then rolled it
  into a tube and used real wax to seal it and fix the ribbon she tied around
  it. She tied the other end of the same ribbon tightly around the base of my
  cock, saying, &quot;Be sure to give this to the Purser to hold for your Mistress:
  he's expecting it. And, just to save you from the temptation to see what I've
  written, put your hands behind your back. Slave, tie his wrists!&quot; 
She stood up, her hands retaining a firm grip on my still-hard cock, then
  leaned forward to give me a brief kiss on the lips. &quot;Be a good slave,&quot; she
  said with a warm smile, &quot;and enjoy your slavery to your Mistress as long
  as it lasts.&quot; Turning to her own slave, she ordered, &quot;Send him back
  to the ship, with my apologies to the officer in charge, if I've caused any
  delay.&quot; 
Both her slave, and the overseer slave he passed me on to, used my cock as
  a convenient handle as they hurried me down to the wharf. Perhaps it was their
  grip, or the ribbon around its base, or perhaps my thoughts about the offer
  I'd just refused, that kept my cock almost fully hard! A boat was waiting,
  crewed by 'chain-gang' slaves under the orders of an officer, who greeted my
  'escort' with impatient amusement: apparently, this was the last boat, and
  the Captain was anxious to weigh anchor and leave! 
Since my tied wrists wouldn't allow me to help with the paddling, the officer
  bound me to the boat's small mast, then used a narrow leather paddle across
  my belly and chest to beat time for the paddlers and urge them to greater speed.
  By the time we reached the ship, the entire front of my naked body was a mass
  of red marks, but they weren't really too painful. 
As soon as we were aboard, I obtained permission to deliver the Boss-Lady's
  letter to the Purser's office. The lovely Nicole went to inform the Purser
  of my errand and returned, saying, &quot;He told me to bring the letter to
  him myself, and ordered you to report back to the officer in charge of unaccompanied
  slaves.&quot; Smiling, she took her time in untying the ribbon from my cock,
  and gleefully gave my nakedness a quick but thorough fondle. It was only the
  first of several I received, before I reached the unaccompanied slave quarters! 
Often during the next few days, I wondered what was in that letter... and
  whether I would ever find out! I did, as it turned out, soon after my Mistress
  reclaimed me from my stint of unaccompanied slavery: she had me with her when
  she opened it, commenting drily as she did so, &quot;I hope it's not a complaint
  of bad behaviour on your part, slave.&quot; 
&quot;Dear Mistress Tina,&quot; she read aloud. &quot;My compliments to you
  on your fine slave, and especially on the talents of his lips and tongue. I
  enjoyed these talents several times last night; so much, in fact, that I have
  just asked your slave if he is willing to transfer his full-time slavery to
  me.&quot; 
My Mistress paused briefly, but didn't even look at me before she continued
  reading: &quot;If he had agreed, I would have wanted to discuss this with you,
  of course. However, he refused very politely, as is appropriate for a slave
  who is being well treated and is properly submissive to his current owner. 
&quot;On the other hand...&quot; My Mistress paused again, and this time she
  did glance down at me with a strange expression in her eyes. &quot;... he is
  only a slave, after all, and as such I refuse to take his answer as final,
  because it's not a slave's  place to make such important decisions,
  I'm sure you agree. I think you should also know that his answer was not  in
  terms of 'That is a matter for my Mistress to decide', but rather in terms
  of how he  felt about his slavery to you. 
&quot;Therefore, I wish to pursue the matter further, and I feel I have just
  two options. One would be to kidnap your slave, but of course this would be
  quite improper and unforgivable of me. The other is to make an offer directly
  to you, to purchase him: this may persuade you to part with him, in which case
  he may reconsider his position and be willing to be my slave. I have a strong
  suspicion that the prospect didn't exactly turn him off! 
&quot;In any case, if you were willing to sell him to me, would he have any
  choice? I didn't ask him about the actual terms of his slavery to you, but
  there are some slaves, as you no doubt know, who have agreed to a fixed period
  of slavery, during which they may be passed between any number of owners, without
  any right of refusal on their part. Perhaps he is one of these? 
&quot;However that may be, I am offering to purchase your slave. Of course,
  I'm prepared to negotiate on the price, and my opening offer is...&quot; My
  Mistress let out a low whistle and said, &quot;I don't think I should tell
  you what her offer is, slave. You might get a swelled head!&quot; She glanced
  down, grinned and commented drily, &quot;There's another part of you that's
  already swollen enough!&quot; 
She started to read again. &quot;I hope to receive your reply with the next
  visit of the cruise ship. Naturally, I hope it will convey your acceptance
  of my offer, perhaps in the form of your slave himself, securely bound or even
  in a crate, prominently labelled as 'Property of the Boss-Lady'!&quot; I listened
  in fascination, my submissive nature excited by the images this conjured up. 
&quot;Yours sincerely, Lady Anita of the Plantation.&quot; My Mistress finished
  reading and looked down at me as I knelt at her feet. &quot;Well, slave, I
  think you better tell me all about it: what you did to impress this Lady Anita
  so much, what she said to you, and exactly what you answered.&quot; I did so,
  taking care to describe everything as accurately as I could remember it, but
  trying not to give her too strong an impression of how much this Lady Anita
  had turned me on. She listened with interest, interrupting me only when she
  wanted something clarified. When I finished, she spent some minutes in thought
  before speaking. 
&quot;As far as I'm concerned,&quot; she said at last, &quot;you are not  for
  sale, at any price: I want that clearly understood. However, if you told her
  what you did, only out of loyalty to me, and you'd really like to become her
  slave, I'm willing to let you go: I could haggle for the best price, but I
  don't really need the money, so it could go in your bank account for when you
  might need it. 
&quot;As for the actual conditions of your slavery to her, I would make it
  quite clear that they must be negotiated between you: I would ask the cruise
  ship Captain, or a senior officer, to be present and witness your agreement.
  Could I be fairer than that? Now, what do you say?&quot; 
&quot;Please, Mistress,&quot; I replied without hesitation, &quot;I want to
  stay with you, as your slave, as long as you want me.&quot; 
&quot;Are you sure?&quot; she asked, looking me straight in the eye. 
&quot;Yes, Mistress, I'm quite sure,&quot; I said firmly. 
&quot;I'm so glad,&quot; she smiled, her face warm with affection. &quot;Your
  slavery to me has hardly begun, and I hope it'll be a long time yet before
  we start getting bored with each other. I know I've got lots of interesting,
  exciting and maybe surprising plans for you, and I'm sure you still have lots
  of potential to be an even better slave, and give me a great deal of pleasure. 
&quot;I'm quite flattered, though,&quot; she continued musingly, &quot;that
  Lady Anita was so impressed with the skill you showed with your tongue: it
  proves my training is having some effect, eh? Mind you,&quot; she grinned archly, &quot;I
  don't want you getting overblown ideas about your talents, because I  think
  you still have a very long way to go, before you can fully satisfy me -- and
  satisfying me  is what really counts... isn't it? Yes or no?&quot; 
I humbly murmured my agreement, but she didn't leave it at that. Clearly enjoying
  herself hugely, she forced from my lips a re-iteration of my total submission
  to her, and of the prime purpose of that submission: namely, that I was something
  to be used for her  pleasure, however and whenever she wanted
  it. I duly gave the proper responses to her series of questions, from &quot;I'm
  your Mistress, right?&quot; and &quot;You're my slave, yes?&quot;, to &quot;And
  a moment ago, you said you want  to be my slave, didn't you?&quot; and &quot;Which
  means you want  to go on trying to please me, and help me
  to have the best orgasms you can, eh?&quot; and finally, explicitly and humiliatingly, &quot;What with ,
  slave?&quot; 
&quot;With my tongue, Mistress,&quot; I replied. Truth to tell, I was enjoying
  this 'renewal' of my vows of subservience to her, as much as she was: and she
  knew it, and I knew she knew it. This is just one of the things that's so wonderful
  about slavery to such a dominant but understanding Mistress! Her face was flushed
  with excitement when we reached this point, and I fully expected her to demand
  concrete proof of my oral devotion to her, immediately. But she fooled me --
  again! -- with a much more serious challenge. 
&quot;Perhaps,&quot; she mused, &quot;you performed above yourself with Lady
  Anita, because she turned you on so much. I think I'd be justified in being
  quite insulted, if you can't reach the same heights with me -- your Mistress,
  whom you want to stay with, and to whom you want to give all the pleasure you
  can. So... when I next demand the use of your sooo  talented
  tongue, I'll expect to understand exactly why she was prepared to make such
  an outrageous offer for you. I hope you think about that, and remember it...
  the next time I allow your head between my legs, and your mouth on my pussy
  that you claim to adore!&quot; 
Her tone was serious, and I knew she meant every word: I wondered whether
  I could rise to the expectations that the episode with Lady Anita had aroused
  in her, and also what she might do to me if I failed to meet them. 
Suddenly, her serious mood vanished as if it had never been, and she looked
  down at me with a bright smile. &quot;Oh, I forgot!&quot; she exclaimed, &quot;Lady
  Anita's letter has a PS: it says, 'Whatever your resonse to my offer, please
  give your slave a small reward that you know he'll enjoy, for eating my pussy
  so well'. 
&quot;H'mmm,&quot; she murmured, thinking for a long moment. &quot;Well, slave, I  think
  you deserve...&quot; -- she paused, deliberately keeping me in suspense -- &quot;...
  a big  reward! Not just for what she suggests, but even more
  for turning down her invitation and choosing to stay with me. Now, as to that
  reward... 
&quot;While you were amongst the unaccompanied slaves, was there by any chance
  one of the female slaves who particularly took your fancy?&quot; Her lips curved
  slightly in the sort of sweet smile one might expect from a jealous wife. Only
  because I  wasn't here, naturally! Well, was there? Be honest,
  now.&quot; 
I found myself blushing and stammering in totally unexpected embarrassment.
  Well... yes, Mistress... there was one slave-girl...&quot; 
&quot;D'you know her name?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress, it's slave Julie.&quot; 
&quot;So... what would you like to do with slave Julie?&quot; 
&quot;Er... er... everything, Mistress!&quot; I blurted.&quot; 
&quot;Tell me -- in detail!&quot; Now my Mistress' smile was indulgent, perhaps
  even encouraging. 
&quot;Well... er... I'd like to caress her... her naked body... all over.
  I'd like to run my hands over her breasts and... and roll her nipples in my
  fingers... feel the curves of her waist and hips and bottom and thighs under
  my hands.&quot; Slowly, encouraged by my Mistress' close attention to my every
  word, I warmed to my task and went on more positively: &quot;Then I would put
  my hands between her thighs and feel the mound of her pussy, and slide my fingers
  up into her warm cunt. I'd also like her to suck my cock with her pretty mouth:
  most of all, I'd like to push my cock inside her, and fuck her very slowly.&quot; 
&quot;You're right about 'everything',&quot; murmured my Mistress drily. &quot;There's
  not much left after all that, is there? Except one thing: would you like to
  whip this slave-girl, too?&quot; 
&quot;Not really, Mistress,&quot; I replied. &quot;That's for Masters and
  Mistresses to do. Anyway, I think she's too pretty to be... er... whipped.&quot; I
  realized too late what I was saying, and the last word only came out at the
  wordless prompting of my Mistress' questioning look, a look that held more
  than a trace of jealousy. 
That trace, however, disappeared as quickly as it had appeared, and she spoke
  almost as if she were giving me a lesson. &quot;As a rule, it seems Masters
  think that the prettier the slave-girl is, the more whippable she is. As to
  what is for Masters and Mistresses to do, that applies to everything you want
  to do to this slave Julie, strictly speaking. 
&quot;However,&quot; she went on, almost resignedly, &quot;I promised you
  a reward, and far be it from me to reneg on a promise. Just one more question,
  though: does this slave-girl fancy you, too?&quot; 
&quot;I don't know, Mistress,&quot; I replied truthfully. &quot;I've never
  even spoken to her, and she's given no sign that she's particularly noticed
  me.&quot; 
At this, my Mistress smiled with an expression of real anticipation. &quot;Not
  that that really matters, anyway,&quot; she said. &quot;Well, let's see what
  we can do!&quot; She picked up the phone, and was soon speaking to the officer
  in charge of unaccompanied slaves. I heard just one side of the conversation. 
&quot;Is slave Julie available at present?... Has she registered any unusual
  conditions or limits on her treatment?... Good, I'd like her brought to my
  cabin as soon as possible... no shackles at all, but blindfolded and gagged...
  I'll return her in two hours.&quot; She hung up and turned to me. 
My excitement had already risen, but it rose even more as she outlined what
  she had in mind, and I agreed eagerly, in particular to her insistence that
  she and I should not say a word while slave Julie was in the cabin. A few minutes
  later there was a knock on the door, my Mistress opened it to reveal a crew
  slave, who announced, &quot;You ordered an unaccompanied slave, ma'am?&quot; Putting
  her finger to her lips, my Mistress smiled and nodded: the crew slave took
  the hint and smiled in return, and wordlessly held out the 'slave custody receipt'
  for her signature. 
A moment later, with a frim grip on the arm, she led into the cabin the naked
  figure of the slave-girl I'd admitted to fancying: placing her in the middle
  of the floor, she stood back to look her over with an air of critical appraisal.
  What she saw was a girl of a little below average height, with a body that
  was at the same time generously curved and beautifully proportioned: her breasts
  were not large, but very firm and round, with deep red aureoles and prominent
  thrusting nipples; below a surprisingly narrow waist and flat belly, her hips
  flared out and down to join a pair of the most perfectly shaped legs I'd ever
  seen; the curves of her bottom, when my Mistress walked around to see, were
  almost as perfect. 
With the blindfold and gag covering and distorting most of her face, the beauty
  of her eyes and mouth couldn't be seen, but the cascade of blond waves that
  reached below her shoulders was attractive by itself. Her skin was quite flawless,
  smooth and covered with hair so fine that it was virtually invisible -- even
  on the remarkably prominent mound of her pussy, which had obviously been meticulously
  depilated: the front of her vaginal lips were clearly visible and, peeping
  between them, what could only be the tip of a large -- and, I suspected, already
  somewhat aroused! -- clit. 
For its part, my cock was getting aroused too, just by looking at slave Julie.
  And before long I was doing much more than looking: my Mistress helped me to
  tie Julie's wrists together and stretch them above her head until she was almost
  standing on tiptoe, then she sat back in a comfortable chair to watch, nodding
  to me with a smile as a signal to start doing what I wanted to. 
Slowly, almost reverently, I allowed my hands to explore every inch of Julie's
  glorious naked body. Starting high up on her taut arms, I ran my palms down
  to her shoulders, around her neck, through her hair, down her back and over
  the lovely globes of her buttocks; kneeling, I traced the sleek curves of her
  thighs and calves down to her ankles and back up again, then followed the hour-glass
  shapes of her hips and waist up to the sides of her chest. Now I ran two fingertips
  gently around and around each of her full ripe breasts, gradually spiralling
  them over their firm curves until I reached the nipples, before succumbing
  to the temptation to place my palms right on them and hold them as if they
  were fruit waiting to be picked. 
For many minutes I fondled those lovely tits: I stroked tham, squeezed them
  -- quite hard, once or twice! -- cupped them from behind her, rolled and gently
  pinched their hard nipples with my fingers, ran my nails along their sensitive
  undersides. In short, I did everything I wanted to... except one: when I leaned
  down to flick at her nipples with my tongue, intending later to suck on them
  as well, my Mistress cleared her throat sharply to attract my attention. 
She was shaking her head and crooking her finger for me to go across to her:
  I obeyed, and she made me put my ear close enough to her mouth for her to whisper
  softly, so that Julie couldn't possibly hear. &quot;Not your mouth, slave,&quot; she
  murmured. &quot;After what we talked about earlier, your lips and tongue are
  for me only, at the moment. Just use your hands.&quot; Despite the softness
  of her voice, there was no mistaking the firmness of her order. 
I nodded my understanding, and returned to Julie. Giving her tits a final
  brief caress, I now allowed my hands to make their way down over the smooth
  flatness of her belly, spending a little time playing with the deep indentation
  of her navel, and then lower still. It must have been obvious to Julie where
  my destination lay, but her breathing nevertheless quickened sharply when I
  moved one fingertip quickly from her navel down over the centre of her pussy
  mound to where her clit peeped shyly, as it were, between the lips just below. 
Never before had I had the chance to fondle a girl's pussy that had no thatch
  of curly hair covering it, and I found it incredibly exciting. My hands cupped
  its sexy fullness and my fingers traced its shape, running all over it or along
  the creases that pointed towards her hip-bones and outlined it so clearly.
  Then I gently pushed both hands between her thighs and moved them apart, hoping
  she'd be willing to spread her thighs a little for me without force. 
Nor was I disappointed: her legs moved apart without the slightest resistance,
  allowing my hands easy access to her most private parts. And I made good use
  of that access: I cupped her vulva with my palms and all four fingers, I ran
  my fingernails gently back and forth on each side of the lips, and finally
  I used the fingers of one hand to spread them, and thrust the fingers of the
  other deep inside her moist cunt, first one, then two and three fingers at
  once. 
Her responsiveness to sexual arousal, hardly in doubt since I'd first started
  caressing her, now became even more pronounced: her hips started to rotate
  slightly in the most sensual manner imaginable, and she even seemed to be trying
  to force her body downwards to drive my fingers deeper inside her. From behind
  the gag blocking her mouth, faint moaning sounds were emerging, and her already
  rapid breathing was becoming almost a pant. Finally, yet remarkably soon, my
  thrusting fingers in her cunt, the ball of my thumb on her engorged clit, plus
  an occasional quick caress of a nipple, brought her to a climax -- almost silent,
  yet unmistakable by the spasms my fingers felt, the twitching of the flesh
  of her belly, and a surprisingly loud whining noise that seemed to come from
  her nose. 
Before Julie even had time to 'come down to earth', my Mistress stood up,
  lowered and untied her wrists, only to tie them tightly palm-to-palm behind
  her, and forced her onto her knees. Making her cross her ankles -- thus also
  spreading her knees wide -- my Mistress bent down and looped the rope attached
  to her wrists, under her ankles and back up to her wrists, making it quite
  impossible for her even to try to stand. Finally she unfastened the buckle
  holding Julie's gag in her mouth and removed it... and immediately signalled
  me to push my rigid cock into Julie's still open mouth. 
Despite the suddenness with which this was done, and the likely stiffness
  of her jaw muscles, Julie co-operated willingly -- and skillfully as well!
  In fact, such was her skill, coupled with the very high level of arousal I'd
  reached by fondling her magnificent body, that it was only a couple of minutes
  before I came. I almost felt disappointed as I arched my back and shot my fluid
  into Julie's throat, and from the corner of my eye I could see my Mistress:
  a smile of distinct amusement was spreading over her face, at my inability
  to make my pleasure last longer than this. 
I was given another opportunity, however: almost before Julie had licked the
  last drops from my cock, the gag was back in her mouth and her bondage was
  being re-arranged again. With my help, my Mistress laid her face up on the
  bed -- or, rather, the top half of her body was on the bed, her hips were barely
  supported on its edge and her legs suspended in mid-air and spread very widely
  to convenient anchoring points on the wall. The effect was dramatic: Julie's
  shaven pussy seemed to be the centre of the room, and the lips of her cunt
  were open in an erotic invitation! 
When my Mistress smilingly motioned me to take my place between Julie's legs,
  my cock responded to that invitation by starting to get hard again, despite
  having come so recently. It needed only a few minutes' caressing of the lovely
  body so helplessly displayed -- just for me! -- before I was able to lean forward
  and slowly push my fully erect organ deep inside Julie. Her cunt was tight
  and warm, but quite moist enough to allow me to slide in easily to the full
  length of my cock. 
Now the climax I'd just had began to work in my favour, as I started to fuck
  my 'reward' with great thoroughness and enjoyment: I was able to last for about
  an hour, steadily thrusting in and out, slowly and smoothly at first but gradually
  more quickly and firmly. At the same time, my hands roamed constantly over
  Julie's naked body, squeezing her firm tits, toying with her nipples, feeling
  the smooth flatness of her belly, cupping the generous globes of her bottom,
  and reaching behind me to trace the lines of her widespread thighs. 
Despite the discomfort of being only half-supported on the bed, and lying
  on her still-bound arms at that, it was clear that Julie was enjoying this
  too. Far from simply accepting her 'fate', she deliberately rotated her hips
  -- as far as she could! -- and I could feel the muscles around her cunt contracting
  and dilating in a sexy rhythm. She even used her fingers to contribute to the
  fun: the first time I thrust extra deeply, I felt their tips briefly tickle
  my balls -- an added sensation that I found intensely arousing! 
My Mistress, too, was enjoying my 'performance', perhaps almost as much as
  Julie and I, although in a different way. She watched intently, moving around
  the bed to view us slaves from every angle, and occasionally she ran her hands
  briefly over some part of our naked bodies. At one point, sensing that Julie
  was approaching an orgasm, she whispered a few instructions in my ear: at her
  nod a moment later, I thrust very hard, then held myself against Julie's crotch
  and simultaneously pinched both her nipples with fingers and thumbs... at the
  same instant that my Mistress' finger and thumb located Julie's clit and worried
  it, gently but insistently. Julie climaxed! -- with a high-pitched whistle
  through her nose instead of a scream, and convulsive jerks of her body that
  seemed about to break her bondage! 
She came again later -- this time through my efforts alone -- a few minutes
  before I came too. It was one of the most satisfying climaxes I'd had in a
  long time: partly, I think, because I was fucking a slave-girl I fancied more
  than some others, but probably even more because I was being granted a reward,
  for pleasing both Lady Anita with my tongue and my own Mistress by choosing
  to remain her slave. At the precise moment the waves of pleasure were breaking
  over me, I was intensely aware of my place as her slave ,
  of how much I adored her and wanted to please her, and -- incongruously, maybe!
  -- of my sexual pleasure being 'entertainment' for her! 
After my orgasm had subsided, my Mistress released Julie from her bondage
  and motioned me to take her into the bathroom: she also put her finger to her
  lips, to indicate that she didn't want me talking to Julie at all. While we
  were in there, she must have called the officer in charge of the unaccompanied
  slaves, because soon there was a knock on the door. My Mistress opened it to
  admit the same crew slave as before, who took charge of Julie without a word,
  to return her 'to quarters'. 
Just before they left, my Mistress cupped Julie's pussy with her hand one
  last time and spoke in a loud whisper, carefully disguising her voice: &quot;I
  hope you've enjoyed the last couple of hours, slave-girl, as much as I've enjoyed
  watching. You may be interested to know that I had you brought here at my own
  slave's request -- he pleased me in a particular way, and you've just been
  his reward! And it amuses me to think that, while he obviously knows who you
  are, you will never know who he is; he's under strict orders, not to let on!&quot; 
I found the same thought interesting, too, and dutifully followed those orders.
  However, I must have unintentionally looked at Julie in a way that made her
  guess the truth because, two days later, she found me alone and otherwise unoccupied
  and brought up the subject. &quot;It was you, wasn't it,&quot; she asked, almost
  shyly, &quot;... that I was the reward for, the other day?&quot; 
I tried to pretend ignorance, but my blush and the reaction of my cock betrayed
  me. Julie noticed, of course, and smiled brightly as she went on: &quot;It
  was fun! That was the first time it's happened to me like that, and I loved
  it -- being brought out of the quarters blindfolded, then being fondled and
  fucked by I didn't know who! Naturally, I thought it was a Master; but when
  your Mistress told me you were just her slave, the humiliation was so exciting
  that I nearly came again! Anyway,&quot; she looked up at me, her eyes sparkling, &quot;I
  hope I was a good 'reward' for you, because you were pretty good yourself!&quot; 
Before I could reply, we were interrupted by a familiar voice! &quot;Well,
  well,&quot; said my Mistress drily, &quot;I heard the last bit of what you
  said, slave-girl. Am I to understand that my slave disobeyed my explicit order,
  and you now know something that I intended you not to know?&quot; 
&quot;Oh no, no, Mistress Tina!&quot; protested Julie, rushing to my defence. &quot;He
  didn't say a word, I swear. I managed to guess who it was, partly because I
  knew which deck I'd been brought to, and approximately which cabin it was,
  too; and then, over the last day or so, I noticed him blushing slightly and
  looking away quickly whenever I looked at him. Please, Mistress, you can't
  blame him for that: he's only human!&quot; 
My Mistress looked hard at her for a long moment before answering. She must
  have been convinced that Julie was telling the truth, because at last she said,
  in a tone of mock surprise, &quot;Well, so he is! Funny, I've always thought
  of him as just a slave, and slaves aren't expected to have human reactions,
  you know. As for you, girl, it seems you're almost too smart to be a mere slave
  -- guessing who'd had fun with you by locating my cabin! 
&quot;But a slave is what you are, isn't it? And that's what you'll stay!&quot; she
  went on before Julie could reply. She paused for a moment, thinking, then said, &quot;Having
  used you to give my slave a reward, I've just had an idea to use you to teach
  him a little lesson as well. D'you know if any owner has claimed you for the
  next hour or two?&quot; 
&quot;No, Mistress,&quot; answered Julie, &quot;I haven't been told of any
  claim.&quot; 
&quot;Good!&quot; was the reply. &quot;Follow me, then, both of you!&quot; Julie
  and I fell in step behind my Mistress, as she led the way back to her cabin:
  Julie's smile was bright with anticipation of... she could have had no idea
  what, and I couldn't have enlightened her, yet my own speculations gave me
  a thrill of anticipation too. 
Once inside her cabin, my Mistress made Julie stand close beside her chair,
  where she could easily fondle the pretty slave-girl's nakedness with one hand
  while using the other to phone the officer in charge of the unaccompanied slaves.
  Having established that Julie was indeed 'unclaimed' for the next few hours,
  she registered her own 'claim': then, using both hands with the skill and casual
  possessiveness that we slaves were so accustomed to, she proceeded to explore
  Julie's lovely body even more thoroughly. 
She gave her full attention to this 'inspection' for a good ten minutes before
  she spoke. Finally she said, &quot;You know, slave-girl, my slave chose you
  himself to be his reward, because he thinks you're very pretty. I have to agree
  with him, too, especially now that I've seen your face without the blindfold.
  But he did say one thing that was quite strange, and that's why I've brought
  you here now... 
&quot;After he told me what he'd like to do with you, I asked him if there
  was something else -- as well as the things he did  do with
  you... remember?&quot; She smiled indulgently at the flush that suffused Julie's
  cheeks, not only (I suspected) at the memory of the day before, but also because
  my Mistress chose that moment to thrust two fingers slowly and deeply inside
  her. Specifically,&quot; she went on after a moment, &quot;I asked him if he
  wanted to whip you: his answer went something like 'No, Mistress, she's too
  pretty to be whipped, and anyway, whipping is for Masters and Mistresses to
  do.' 
&quot;Being such a smart slave-girl,&quot; she continued sweetly, &quot;I'm
  sure you  could tell him where he was wrong: but, right now,
  I feel like spelling it out in detail myself. First, NO  slave,
  however pretty or handsome or ugly -- or just ordinary -- is exempt from the
  possibility of being whipped: I'll bet there are plenty of times you've had
  your pretty skin marked just because  you're so lovely...
  yes, I thought so!&quot; She grinned at the plain acknowledgement on Julie's
  face. 
&quot;Second, although he was right about whipping not being the prerogative
  of you slaves, he was only partly right: everything  that
  happens to slaves, such as bondage... or fondling, like now...&quot; -- her
  hands demonstrated, graphically! -- &quot;everything, including  whipping,
  happens by the choice  of owners, rather than slaves, and
  for the enjoyment of owners rather than slaves. But this doesn't mean that
  only owners actually do  them: for example, yesterday my slave
  himself fondled you, like I'm doing now, and then he screwed you -- which I
  can't do, but I can enjoy watching!&quot; Julie's blush deepened, as she remembered
  -- and as my Mistress' fingers again buried themselves in her cunt. 
&quot;The point he must understand,&quot; she went on inexorably, &quot;is
  that, although it was a reward for him, it was I  who chose
  to reward him, it was I who allowed him to select you, and it was for my  enjoyment,
  at least as much as his, that I did so. And, to drive that lesson home, I've
  decided that your pretty skin is to be whipped: not only that, I want to enjoy
  the sight of him  doing it -- whipping your sexy little body
  that he says is too pretty to be treated so.&quot; 
The way this one-sided conversation had gone, I'd naturally seen something
  of this sort at its end: it was more of a surprise for Julie but, like a good
  slave, she accepted my Mistress' pronouncement as if it were the most natural
  thing in the world. But my Mistress wasn't quite finished... 
&quot;It might also teach you  a lesson,&quot; she looked
  directly into Julie's eyes as she spoke, &quot;namely, not to try and second-guess
  your betters, particularly when you are explicitly told we don't want you to
  know something. In future, you might decide that that's being too smart for
  your own good -- or rather, too smart for the good of your naked slave's skin!&quot; Abruptly,
  she stopped fondling Julie, surprising her with two parting sharp tweaks of
  her nipples to emphasize the last words. 
Totally ignoring Julie's involuntary yelp, she continued calmly, &quot;Now,
  I'd like to know just how smart a slave you really are: or maybe I should say,
  how good  -- how obedient  a slave are you?
  I want you to obey my orders to pose yourself, without bondage or any shackles
  at all, and accept the strokes I tell my slave to give you without moving or
  complaining. If you don't think you can do that, I'll have him tie you up first,
  but then I promise there'll be at least twice the number of strokes. Well,
  which is it to be?&quot; 
Julie didn't even hesitate. &quot;Please, Mistress,&quot; she said, humbly
  but at the same time almost breathless with excitement, &quot;you don't need
  to have me tied: I'll try to do exactly what you want me to.&quot; 
My Mistress acknowledged her decision with a very brief encouraging smile,
  but without so much as a word. Ordering me to bring her the entire contents
  of the rack of 'whipping' instruments from the cupboard set aside for such
  things, she made Julie -- and me! -- wait for several minutes, while she toyed
  with most of them before making her first choice. When it came, her order to
  Julie was softly spoken, yet almost whiplike in its sharp authority. 
&quot;Slave-girl,&quot; she said, &quot;legs apart... bend over... touch your
  toes! You, boy,&quot; she addressed me, &quot;use this on that round bum --
  hard! -- until I tell you to stop!&quot; 
'This' was a large wooden paddle, and for several minutes the cabin echoed
  with the loud reports of it striking naked flesh, while Julie's shapely bottom
  steadily took on a shade of deep red. After this 'warming up', as she called
  it, my Mistress began frequently to change the instrument I used, sometimes
  only making me give one stroke with each at one time, or at one 'target': such
  as, several whips, from small to large, across Julie's back; canes, both light
  and heavy, on her bum and thighs and belly; a light multi-thonged 'cat' on
  her firm breasts and the insides of her thighs; and supple leather straps almost
  everywhere! Just as frequently, her curt orders made Julie position the parts
  of her body that were to be my next 'targets': bending over to present her
  bum, kneeling and arching her hips forward for her belly and tits, standing
  in a spreadeagle for her back, lying face up with her legs lifted and spread
  wide for the insides of her thighs, or drawn over her head for their backs,
  and even squeezing her breasts slightly to make her nipples protrude for a
  sharp downward flick with a light cane. 
These last two strokes, one for each nipple -- and it took me a few misses
  before the cane caught just the tip, as my Mistress wanted it to -- were the
  only ones to elicit any sort of cry from Julie: as I'd discovered with my fingers
  yesterday, her nipples were particularly sensitive! Otherwise, she took the
  whipping I gave her with remarkable self-control: in fact, she gave every indication
  that she was quite turned on by much of it! I found myself turned on, too,
  partly by the sensations of whipping a beautiful naked girl, but maybe even
  more by the awareness that I was only obeying my Mistress' orders, and that
  I could easily be in Julie's place, being whipped for her enjoyment. 
Immediately after the two flicks to her nipples, Julie was ordered to use
  her own fingers to squeeze and roll them -- not a little painfully, I could
  see -- and at the same time to stand facing my Mistress at an angle and to
  spread her legs as widely as she could. Then, without a word, my Mistress handed
  me a multi-thonged 'cat' and pointed straight at Julie's shaven pussy! Julie
  drew a sharp breath, but she didn't move: even her fingers stopped moving on
  her nipples. 
&quot;Don't stop, girl, until I tell you to,&quot; my Mistress' command was
  quiet but firm. &quot;OK, boy, let's see how good your aim is: not too hard,
  but a sharp snap of your wrist should do it nicely.&quot; 
She watched closely -- as did Julie, too, but for entirely different reasons!
  My first three attempts weren't accurate enough (yet, I think, quite painful
  enough for Julie!), but the fourth was exactly right: the thin thongs snapped
  precisely between Julie's spread thighs, some landing to each side of her pussy
  lips, some directly on them, and a few penetrating right into the gap opened
  by her pose. To my utter amazement and admiration, she reacted with only a
  long hiss of indrawn breath, holding it as if bracing herself for the next
  blow on this most private part of her gorgeous body. 
She let it out again in relief, but just as slowly, when my Mistress said
  quietly, &quot;That's enough, boy. OK, girl, you may let go of your nipples
  now.&quot; Gratefully, Julie obeyed, but it seemed to take her some seconds
  to realize that her whipping was quite over. By no means had it been severe,
  but there was hardly any part of her nakedness, from neck to knees, that didn't
  show at least some sign of a stroke that I'd put there -- and some of them
  must have stung a good deal! 
My Mistress said nothing at all to Julie to compliment her on how she'd taken
  her whipping, or to me on how well I'd delivered it: it was as if what had
  happened was only to be expected of us, slaves that we were... and I realized
  suddenly that this was precisely the impression she wanted to create! On the
  other hand, there was no mistaking the warm approval in her eyes as she looked
  at us, nor the fact that she had indeed enjoyed the 'entertainment' we had
  provided for her! 
After a few moments, she told me to come closer and give her the thongs I
  still held. Then, with her eyes on my erect cock, she spoke to Julie: &quot;For
  a slave who said he didn't want  to whip you, he seems to
  have quite enjoyed doing so! Come stand behind him, girl. Now you'll have a
  chance to 'pay him back', if you feel he was too cruel or he enjoyed it too
  much: put one hand between his legs and get a grip on his balls -- it's up
  to you how hard you squeeze -- and push the other into the small of his back...
  firmly!&quot; 
Bracing myself for what might have been a very painful squeeze of my balls,
  I completely failed to see what else my Mistress had in mind. No sooner had
  Julie's hand taken its grip, incidentally making my cock stand out even straighter,
  than my Mistress' hand flicked out and the thin thongs wrapped themselves stingingly
  around that most sensitive part of my anatomy! After exactly four of these
  strokes -- the same number of blows as I'd placed on Julie's pussy -- my Mistress
  put away the thongs... only to pick up a thin cane and bring it down sharply
  and with great accuracy, so that it flicked the very tip of my cock -- just
  as I'd done to Julie's nipples! 
This last blow was by far the most painful, much worse than the relatively
  gentle squeeze that Julie was applying to my balls. Yet, such was the excitement
  this episode had aroused in me, especially through my awareness that my cock
  and balls were merely playthings for my Mistress to use -- or abuse! -- as
  she wished, that the pain itself seemed about to take me over the brink of
  a climax. My Mistress noticed, of course, and prevented it by the simple tactic
  of squeezing the tender tip of my cock between thumb and finger, at the same
  time telling Julie to pull firmly down on my balls. My arousal subsided. 
A short time later, my Mistress dismissed both us slaves, Julie to return
  to the unaccompanied slaves' quarters, and me on some other errand. Before
  she did so, she made it quite clear that she would be very annoyed if we spent
  any more time together than absolutely necessary. Perhaps she really was  a
  little jealous of Julie: I never asked, nor did I tell her that she had no
  need to be. As it happened, Julie and I hardly exchanged another word. 
So ended another interesting highlight of this cruise! 
I hope, dear reader, if you're a slave, that you have your owner's full permission
  to read this chapter; in it, I have had to refer to some events of our previous
  cruise that, so far, I've only vaguely hinted at. But my Mistress has told
  me to write what you're about to read, so I must obey -- as she says, it's
  not my  responsibility to control what you read; that belongs
  solely to your Master or Mistress! 
As an 'unaccompanied' slave, it was easy to lose track of the passing of the
  days: but when, late one afternoon, the ship berthed and remained stationary
  for quite some time, I counted the days as best I could remember them and guessed
  that we'd returned to the island where my Mistress had taken Dan. 
I was in my cell in the unaccompanied slaves' quarters at the time, so I had
  no way of being sure of this. My guess was soon confirmed, however: a number
  of slaves were brought in and locked in some of the so-far-unoccupied cells,
  and I recognized most of them as previously unaccompanied slaves who'd been
  absent since I'd come here. I noticed that Dan wasn't amongst them, which made
  me wonder where he -- and, more particularly! -- my Mistress might be. 
Then I remembered that, before she'd taken Dan to the island, she'd asked
  me very specifically whether I'd told him anything about the 'abduction' that
  she had sprung on me on our previous cruise; so I suspected that perhaps she
  was doing the same with Dan. This made me wonder how Brenda might be feeling,
  if she was expecting Dan to return and he wasn't there. I looked down the row
  of cells and saw that hers was empty: presumably, she'd been 'claimed' by an
  owner for a while, and I found myself feeling relieved for her. 
It was a couple of hours after the ship had left the island again, when an
  officer released me from my cell and ordered me to follow him. This procedure
  was different from the way we slaves were usually 'claimed' by owners, and
  I began to wonder whether he was taking me to be formally 're-exchanged' for
  Dan. Instead, I found myself led into one of the larger rooms, where quite
  a number of Masters and Mistresses were waiting, with a tangible air of expectancy. 
I obeyed the officer's low-voiced order to stand still at one side of the
  room and not to make a sound. Looking around, I noticed that there were only
  two or three other slaves present: one of them was Helen, but she was on the
  other side of the room with Master Paul, and all we could do was to smile at
  each other. 
Suddenly, the room lights dimmed and three powerful spotlights were turned
  on, brightly illuminating the 'stage' at the front of the room. The First Officer
  appeared on stage, followed by a Master and two Mistresses and three slaves,
  one female and two males. I recognized my own Mistress and, as the slaves were
  each positioned facing one of the spotlights, I also saw that one of them was
  Dan, despite the fact that they were all gagged and very heavily blindfolded. 
Now I guessed what was happening: this was exactly what had been done to Helen
  and me on our previous cruise, when we'd been returned to the ship after our
  'abduction' and the auction that had apparently sold us into real and permanent
  slavery. My Mistress was allowing me to witness an identical event, but this
  time as a knowing observer rather than an ignorant participant. 
Fascinated, and with vivid memories of my own experience and feelings, I watched
  the three slaves stretched into taut spreadeagles, the thorough, intimate and
  possessive 'inspection' of their naked bodies by the hands of their new 'owners',
  the announcement that they were about to meet those 'owners'... and the utter
  surprise on their faces as they were confronted by the same Master and Mistresses
  who had taken them to the island! I saw the understanding dawn in their eyes
  as the spotlights were turned off and they recognized the owners gathered to
  watch, and as the First Officer explained the trick that had been played on
  them. 
It was with considerable interest, too, that I watched their responses to
  the same questions that had been asked of Helen and me: namely, whether they
  were willing to listen to their own Master's or Mistress' full explanation
  of how their 'abductions' had been planned and carried out. Dan and the other
  male slave said they were willing, but the female slave -- a tall, slim girl
  with a lovely tanned body, a mass of curly red hair and startling green eyes
  -- demanded that a female officer should be present at the discussion between
  her and her Master. The First Officer volunteered her services, and the 'show'
  ended. 
The officer who had brought me there now led me back to the unaccompanied
  slaves' quarters. Aware -- from my own experience -- that my Mistress needed
  to spend some time with Dan, I settled down patiently to wait until she was
  ready to 'reclaim' me. 
Before the lights were turned out, a message was passed along to me -- from
  Brenda, asking if I knew where Dan was (she was aware, from talking with another
  slave, that he and my Mistress should have returned from the island). Wanting
  to reassure her, but also wanting not to betray my Mistress' trust, I sent
  back a reply saying that I thought my Mistress simply wanted Dan to herself
  for another night. Brenda's response, to my surprise, revealed more sympathy
  for my feelings than concern for Dan -- now that she knew he was safely back
  on board! 
Shortly after the lights were turned down, a male slave was brought in and
  locked into an unoccupied cell beside mine. In the darkness, and with the rule
  about no talking, I took no particular notice... until the lights came up next
  morning and I recognized him as the Master of the red-headed slave-girl I'd
  seen last evening! My gasp of amazement attracted his attention, and I couldn't
  resist whispering, &quot;What happened last night between you and your...?&quot; 
&quot;None of your...&quot; he interrupted, sharply but quietly, then stopped
  and looked at me more closely. &quot;You're slave Peter, aren't you? Mistress
  Tina's slave? She showed me a picture of you.&quot; 
At my affirmative reply, he went on, &quot;Since you're the one who wrote
  that diary of your stay on the island, which indirectly led to what happened
  last night, I don't mind telling you about it. Come closer, so I can whisper
  without any other slaves hearing...&quot; 
And he told me his story from the beginning. It went like this.... 
&quot;I and my slave-girl are on a 'double' cruise, which meant that we'd
  been on the island since the previous cruise more than two weeks ago. I had
  read in the publicity that's given to owners, about the plan to set up arrangements
  for mock abductions of slaves, and I'd registered my interest in the idea.
  I was given your dairy to read, and it interested me even more; then I was
  told that your Mistress was actually there to set up the scheme, so one day
  I met her and asked to be included in any plans for this island visit. 
&quot;I wasn't all that sure how my slave would take it -- she's a pretty
  high-spirited girl, as you could probably see last night, but she really does
  love being my slave, and actually gets a big kick out of displaying a good
  deal of cheekiness and minor disobedience. But I decided to give it a try:
  in fact, I thought she might get just enough of a shock to make her 'behave'
  a little better. I was quite mistaken, as it turned out. 
&quot;Anyway, back to the story... We arranged for each of the three slaves
  to be 'abducted' separately, but they were all put into the same van. Apparently,
  my slave started screaming blue murder when she suspected what was happening,
  and didn't stop even when she was told her screams couldn't be heard outside:
  finally, they decided to gag her just to get some peace. The two males, on
  the other hand, were relatively calm and talked bewteen themselves about what
  they expected to happen to them. 
&quot;We didn't set up an auction like you had. Instead, at the end of a longish
  drive, the van stopped in a deserted courtyard and the 'kidnappees' were brought
  out one at a time for an inspection and haggling over a price. Your Mistress
  and the other one each did this for the other's slave, but my slave-girl was
  inspected and haggled over by the Slave Squad officer who came along -- in
  plain clothes -- to see that the three slaves were in fact returned to the
  ship. 
&quot;I sat in a car, hidden behind its tinted windows, and watched. This
  was the first time my slave had ever been handled by another man without me
  being present and clearly giving my permission, and I could see she wasn't
  sure how she felt about it. If anything, though, she was angry rather than
  scared, and this made me feel happier about what I was doing: I started getting
  very aroused, in a way I never had before, watching her being fondled by --
  to her -- a total stranger. 
&quot;Her gag had been left in, of course, and she was held quite helpless
  by two of the 'kidnappers', so she could neither speak nor barely move, while
  her prospective 'new owner' inspected her very thoroughly, in a manner that
  was deliberately meant to seem like that of someone buying a thoroughbred horse
  at a sale. Every inch of her nakedness -- and you saw how lovely she is! --
  was stroked or prodded or pinched by his clever hands, and especially her tits
  and nipples and, of course, her pussy and cunt! 
&quot;When he'd looked her all over, he and the third 'kidnapper' started
  haggling. This must have been even more humiliating, because they talked about
  my slave as if she were a thing, and argued their cases by cupping her breasts
  to emphasise their shape, or spreading her legs and looking closely at her
  pussy while they discussed its 'value'. Eventually they agreed on a price and,
  right in front of her, a bundle of cash was counted out and handed over to
  the kidnapper'. 
&quot;Now the 'new owner' asked for her to be hooded, explaining casually
  that this would ensure she wouldn't know where she was being taken, so there
  would be less risk of her even trying to escape. The same had been done to
  the two male slaves, and each of them were now put into a separate car and
  driven away: what none of them knew was that their original owners were in
  the cars with them! I really found it hard to suppress the urge to caress her
  as she sat, bound and hooded and gagged, only inches away from me, but she
  might have recognized my touch; but once or twice the Slave Squad officer fondled
  her: he even cupped her pussy with his hand and showed me that she was quite
  wet! 
&quot;After another drive, we loaded all three slaves into a Slave Squad helicopter
  and flew around a bit before landing on the cruise ship. Even through their
  hoods, the slaves must have been aware of the noise and the flying movements,
  and they must have wondered just where thay were being taken. 
&quot;Of course, you saw what happened at the 'reunion', so I don't need to
  go into that. Afterwards, on the way back to my cabin with the First Officer,
  I started to wonder whether I'd gone too far for my slave this time, but I
  felt that if I explained exactly how everything had been done -- and I was
  quite prepared to apologize, too -- things would turnout OK. But I didn't expect
  what happened next... 
&quot;The First Officer made her little speech about my slave and me having
  to work this out between ourselves, and that she was there only to ensure that
  my slave got a fair hearing. Then she removed my slave's gag, so that our discussion
  could get under way. 
&quot;My slave's first words were, 'I have one condition, otherwise I won't
  discuss anything: I want my Master naked and shackled, just like I am!' This
  was a big surprise for me, because previously she'd always accepted her role
  as my slave, even if she'd sometimes acted rebelliously in fun. The First Officer
  refused, just like it was in your diary, but my slave was quite adamant and,
  eventually, the First Officer decided to ask me if I was agreeable. 
&quot;By now I'd had ample time to think, and I realized that I really did
  want a chance to explain and apologize if necessary, and that I'd have to agree
  if I wanted my slave to listen at all: so I said yes. It was a strange feeling,
  to be stripped naked by the First Officer and shackled on my knees with my
  wrists behind me: with my slave and me facing each other a few feet apart,
  our 'discussion' started. 
&quot;The First Officer acted as a sort of chairman, giving us both a chance
  to say what we wanted to: once or twice, she even had to physically 'gag' my
  slave for a few minutes to let me have my say! Although my slave started out
  very upset and angry, gradually I managed to convince her that her 'abduction'
  hadn't been meant to frighten her badly, that I'd always been present, and
  that the Slave Squad had been there to see things didn't get out of hand. Eventually,
  the First Officer felt able to ask her whether she was willing to forgive me
  and continue as my slave. 
&quot;Now my slave surprised me again, saying, 'Maybe -- it depends.' The
  First Officer aske her to what she meant, and she went on, 'I think my Master's
  apology should be more than just words: if he's willing to prove his sincerity
  by submitting to being an unaccompanied slave for the rest of the cruise, maybe
  he'll get a better idea of what it's like to be a slave -- while I could learn
  a bit about his side, by being an unaccompanied Mistress!' 
&quot;This proposition didn't go down well with the First Officer, who reminded
  us of the ship's rule that there should be no 'switching' during one cruise.
  Seeing my slave's insistence, however, she contacted the Purser to discuss
  it: they discovered that no-one from the start of 'our' cruise was still on
  board, and eventually decided that, in a sense, we wouldn't really be breaking
  that rule. She turned to me and said, 'It's up to you: are you willing to abide
  by this condition?' 
&quot;Once again I'd had plenty of time to think this over, and only one thing
  bothered me. Maintaining the formality of speaking to the First Officer, rather
  than directly to my slave, I said, 'May I ask what she has in mind for after
  the cruise? If she really wishes to stop being my slave, permanently, it might
  as well be now: otherwise, I'd like her to give a serious promise, to try to
  be as we were before.' 
&quot;The First Officer put this to my slave, who replied instantly, 'Yes,
  of course I'll promise! I'll accept the proof of his apology, forgive him,
  and willingly and happily become his slave again -- although I can't make any
  promises about being better behaved than before!' The last bit, delivered with
  all her familiar cheekiness, convinced me that she meant what she said and,
  when the First Officer put the question to me again, I agreed readily. 
&quot;The moment I committed myself, I suddenly became acutely aware that,
  for the rest of the cruise, I was to be a naked slave and available to any
  owner to treat me as they wished! This idea was quite unfamiliar, yet somehow
  exciting, and my cock started to get hard. My slave noticed, smiled wickedly
  and said to the First Officer, 'May I add one minor condition, ma'am?' 
&quot;A little testily, the First Officer asked what it was, and my slave
  continued, 'That the owners who use him be asked not  to give
  him sexual pleasure, but only to use him for their own pleasure!' To the officer's
  objection that sometimes male slaves can't help themsleves having a climax,
  she replied brightly, 'Yes, ma'am, but if they do have one without permission,
  they are usually punished, aren't they? I'd like this temporary slave to be
  treated just like any other, punishments and all!' 
&quot;The First Officer couldn't hide her grin as she turned to me and, gently
  flicking the end of a rope at my rock-hard cock, asked, 'Well? You understand
  the terms of your temporary slavery? I won't insist on this last condition,
  but it would be convincing proof of your sincerity -- far from the Masters'
  usual habit of getting their rocks off at every opportunity, how do you like
  the prospect of no more climaxes until the end of the cruise?' 
&quot;What could I say? I was only too aware -- and so was my slave! -- of
  the times I'd teased her for hours and sometimes days without allowing her
  to come. I agreed, of course: but I wondered whether I'd be able to hold out,
  the way some of you slaves have learned to! 
&quot;The First Officer released my slave's shackles, and they unlocked the
  cupboard holding her clothes -- unused for more than two weeks! -- for her
  to find something to wear. When she was dressed, the First Officer asked her,
  'Do you want to take your slave down to the unaccompanied slave quarters yourself?' 
&quot;She shook her head with a smile. 'No, could you please arrange that
  for me? I don't see any need for me even to see him again before the end of
  the cruise...' She bent down and planted a long, soft kiss on my lips before
  continuing, '... but I give my solemn promise -- and I'll ask you, First, to
  see I keep it -- that on the morning before we enter port, I'll be waiting
  here, naked, shackled, gagged and blindfolded, ready to submit to him again
  as my Master, and trust him to treat me exactly as he wishes!' 
&quot;So here I am!&quot; he finished. &quot;I'm not quite sure whether or
  not to look forward to the next few days: I'm hardly accustomed to being a
  slave, but it might be interesting. I'll tell you one thing, though: I am  looking
  forward to having my slave back afterwards!&quot; 
I saw very little of him over the next few days, mainly due to the fact that,
  shortly afterwards, my Mistress arrived to re-swap me for Dan. She appeared
  at the door of my cell with an Officer in attendance, and with Dan on a leash
  behind her; in a few moments, Dan was inside the cell and I was outside, and
  my Mistress was calmly thanking the Officer for the loan of one of his unaccompanied
  slaves. Just before she walked away with me, however, I noticed that she glanced
  at the slave in the next cell... and her eyes widened in surprise as she recognized
  him! 
I saw him catch her eye and, ever so slightly, purse his lips as if he were
  saying, &quot;Shh&quot;. She nodded just as imperceptibly, and said nothing
  to me as she led me away: nor did she mention it to me during the rest of the
  cruise, assuming -- not unnaturally -- that I had no idea of his identity.
  So it was quite a surprise for her  -- one of the very few
  that I've managed to spring! -- when a chance came for me to reveal my knowledge.... 
It so happened that he and his lovely slave were near my Mistress and me as
  we stood on deck and waited for the ship to dock at the end of the cruise.
  We were all dressed and behaving like 'normal' passengers, so it wasn't improper
  of me to say to him, &quot;So everything turned out OK, did it?&quot; 
He grinned and, since we were still well out of earshot of the people on shore,
  replied openly, &quot;Yes, you could say that! When all the unaccompanied slaves
  were released this morning, to get ready for returning to port, I was taken
  back to my cabin. There she was, just as she'd promised: a lovely sight, on
  her knees where she ought to be, her gorgeous body naked and, with her arms
  shackled behind her, available for her Master's pleasure, and blindfolded and
  gagged so that she couldn't even protest at all! 
&quot;I have a suspicion that she wouldn't have protested, anyway,&quot; he
  gave his beautiful companion a smile full of affection, &quot;while I caressed
  and fondled and teased her to at least three or four orgasms! Then I tied her
  spreadeagled on the bed and gave her the sort of screwing that only a Master
  can give a slave! We only just had time to put our clothes on, before the final
  warning announcement came. My cock's a bit sore now, but I'm happy!&quot; 
&quot;I'll bet it's not as sore as my pussy is, Master!&quot; the girl beside
  him chimed in cheerfully -- and more than a touch cheekily! 
My Mistress had been listening to all this, surprise written all over her
  face. &quot;How do you know all about this, slave?&quot; she interrupted at
  last, as if to imply that I had no right to know. I told her how it had happened,
  and her attitude softened. She turned back to the couple and smiled, &quot;I
  must admit I was as curious as all hell, but I felt it was really none of my
  business. 
&quot;The thought did occur to me,&quot; she went on, giving the man a quick
  up-and-down glance, &quot;that I could 'claim' you for a couple of hours. I
  could have 'interrogated' you under dreadful tortures to satisfy my curiosity;
  I wonder how well you would have stood up to that... nor can I help wondering
  how well you might have done other things for me! But I guess I missed my chance.&quot; 
&quot;I'm afraid so,&quot; replied the man with a grin. &quot;It was an interesting
  few days, but I have no intention whatsoever of repeating it -- even if it
  did give me a few new ideas to use on my slave! As for her, I haven't asked
  her how she  enjoyed her 'holiday from slavery', and I don't
  intend to: from now on, she stays my slave and I remain her Master. I might
  treat her a little differently in some ways, but on that issue I won't listen
  to a single protest!&quot; 
&quot;That's fine with me, Master,&quot; said the girl adoringly. &quot;As
  for protesting, you know my protests only make you treat me worse, you cruel
  beast!&quot; 
&quot;Watch your language, girl!&quot; he admonished, but without rancour.
  At the same time, his arms went around her, his hand found her breast and --
  firmly and very deliberately -- his fingers pinched her nipple through the
  cloth of her blouse. &quot;Wait till I get you home,&quot; he went on, &quot;and
  you'll know all about cruel treatment!&quot; 
&quot;Do I have to wait that long?&quot; she murmured, her eyes shining with
  adoration as she looked at him. He replied with a long and passionate kiss,
  and to the 'normal' people on the wharf they might have been any couple returning
  after a relaxing and pleasurable cruise! 
The evening after we returned from the 'plantation' island, I was in my cell
  chatting with the other slaves in nearby cells. We'd been given our dinner,
  and the slaves who were to be 'prizes' in the day's raffle had been selected
  and taken away, so we had nothing to do but wait for lights out. Unless, of
  course, some owners were to claim some of us for the evening or night -- and
  they usually did.... 
The first call of &quot;Slaves, front up!&quot; came, and we all obeyed. Then
  I heard, at the entrance to the quarters, a voice I recognized: it was Master
  Paul, saying, &quot;... but I'm giving my slave-girl the choice.&quot; Wondering
  exactly what he meant by this, I turned my head -- which we weren't supposed
  to do! -- just enough to see that he had indeed brought Helen with him, and
  that she  was inspecting each of the male slaves, just like
  the owners did when they were choosing one to claim! 
I had an almost irresistible urge to cry out and 'volunteer', but I forced
  myself to suppress it -- I was quite sure, without being told, that this would
  be quite against the rules and would probably get me a severe penalty. So I
  fixed my gaze straight ahead again and waited, my heart pounding in hope that
  she wouldn't make a choice before reaching me. Slowly she came closer, and
  soon I could see her from the corner of my eye, clearly enjoying her temporary
  role as an owner! 
When she did at last reach me, she started in surprise and said, &quot;I thought
  you...&quot;, but stopped herself, turned to Master Paul and said, &quot;I
  want this one, Master.&quot; 
Master Paul smiled indulgently and replied, &quot;Are you sure? You haven't
  even inspected him properly.&quot; 
Helen opened her mouth to say something, but closed it again, grinned and
  turned back to me. With unashamed glee, she made full use of the opportunity
  provided by my pose: my naked body pressed against the bars, with my legs and
  arms spread wide to give the maximum availablilty for 'inspections' like these.
  Very thoroughly, she fondled my cock and balls protruding between the cell's
  bars -- and already quite hard just from the sight of her! -- ran her hands
  around to my buttocks, up my sides and over my belly and chest, and rolled
  and pinched my nipples with her fingers. She even made me open my mouth for
  her to look at my teeth and tongue, coming close enough that the nipples on
  her lovely full tits brushed lightly against my chest, which inevitably caused
  my cock to grow even harder! 
Finally she turned back to Master Paul and said firmly, &quot;Yes, Master,
  I'm sure now. This is the one I want.&quot; 
&quot;OK,&quot; he replied, then turned to the officer accompanying them. &quot;I'd
  like this slave, please, gagged, his wrists tied tightly palm-to-palm behind
  him, and with a rope leash on his cock.&quot; 
Two minutes later I walked out behind them, Helen holding the other end of
  the leash attached to my cock. Not a word was said, but Helen looked at me
  several times with a mixture of delight and a strange excitement that I couldn't
  identify. We went into a part of the ship that I'd never seen -- I guessed
  it was a section of the crew's or officers' accommodation -- and entered a
  room that was very obviously intended for bondage. 
Closing the door behind us, Master Paul sat down in a chair across the room
  and said to Helen, &quot;Tie his leash to that hook beside the door, then come
  stand beside me.&quot; Helen obeyed, and he ran his hands casually over her
  body as he began to talk to her, quietly yet loudly enough for me to hear...
  but not to understand at all! 
&quot;I'm not sure,&quot; he was saying, &quot;that you made the right choice
  of slave for this exercise. I know how you feel about him, and I wonder if
  you can treat him in the way the officers would like to see. I don't want to force  you
  to change your mind, because your performance here isn't a matter of passing
  or failing: but it will  partly decide what sort of crew position
  you are offered and how much choice you might have. 
&quot;Remember, the exercise here is bondage and discipline, not lovemaking
  between slaves. You know by now that officers and passengers sometimes do enjoy
  watching a little (shall we say?) cruelty from one slave to another: don't
  you think you might disappoint them a little with the slave you've chosen?
  Think about it for a minute, there's just enough time to get another slave,
  with whom you might be less involved emotionally, before you need to start.&quot; 
Helen was silent for about thirty seconds, glancing at me once or twice with
  a strange speculative look. (I was in no position to encourage or discourage
  her -- not only because of my gag, but also I didn't understand enough to know
  what I would have wanted anyway!) Then she gave Master Paul one of her loveliest
  smiles and said, &quot;Thank you for your concern, Master, and for reminding
  me what I'm here for, but I'll stick with my choice, please.&quot; 
&quot;OK, it's your show!&quot; grinned Master Paul, and gave her an encouraging
  pat on the bottom. &quot;Now go look in the cupboards, to see where things
  are, so that you can find them quickly when you need them.&quot; 
Helen obeyed, opening each cupboard in the room and carefully inspecting their
  contents. Some of them I could also see into: they contained a huge variety
  of bondage and discipline gear, some of which I didn't even recognize. For
  her part, Helen occasionally made exclamations of surprise and excited interest,
  looking more closely at some articles to figure out how they were to be used
  or even asking Master Paul for his advice. 
After about fifteen minutes, a voice suddenly came through a hidden speaker: &quot;Master
  Paul, is your slave ready for today's exercise?&quot; Master Paul looked questioningly
  at Helen, who nodded, and he replied, &quot;Yes, she's ready.&quot; OK,&quot; was
  the response, &quot;she may begin as soon as the chime sounds.&quot; 
Helen came across to me, untied the leash and held it, waiting. A soft chime
  sounded, and she led me to the centre of the room, then circled around me so
  that I had to turn slowly. She was behaving exactly as if performing to an
  audience, but there was no-one else there: the room had no windows, but then
  I realized that each wall, and the ceiling, had at least one mirror that could
  have been transparent from the other side! 
I still didn't know exactly what was going on, or what its purpose was, but
  from Master Paul's conversation it seemed that the idea was for Helen to apply
  some bondage and discipline to me . Which turned out to be
  the case: for the next three hours or so, I had the unusual experience of being
  bound and whipped in various ways by another slave , a slave
  as naked as I was but free to do with me as she wanted, just like the Masters
  and Mistresses who usually did these things to us! 
Not only was it unusual, but I found it very exciting as well... and Helen's
  obvious nervousness and excitement made it even more so. Clearly, it had something
  to do with the place she would have as a crew slave, which explained her nervousness,
  because she naturally wanted to 'do well' -- whatever that meant in this context!
  Her excitement, on the other hand, I couldn't quite explain, but it was certainly
  infectious! 
As a slave, much more used to being on the submissive side, she betrayed a
  fair degree of inexperience of the dominant side: some of the bondage was really
  too loose, especially at first when she was probably tending towards being
  kind to a fellow-slave. Gradually, however, her nervousness vanished as she
  entered into the spirit of being a temporary -- if naked -- 'Mistress' with
  her own slave to treat as she wished, and she obviously started to really enjoy
  what she was doing to me, for its own sake! 
Most of the bondage she inflicted on me was relatively 'standard', the kind
  of positions our owners commonly used on us slaves. But she did try some variations,
  perhaps inventions of her own, and there was one I remember most vividly (it
  featured in the 'experiments' that I was used for by an officer, which I've
  already related but which in fact happened later).... 
Helen made me lie on a low bench, and tied my wrists and ankles to four of
  the many anchor rings that were conveniently hidden in the floor. My arms and
  legs weren't stretched at all tightly, which at first I attributed to her inexperience,
  but later discovered was quite deliberate! Next, she put a spring-loaded clamp
  on each of my nipples and several on my cock, and used cords to hooks in the
  ceiling to put just a little strain on them all. Finally, she did the same
  with two more cords, each tied firmly around one of my balls. 
The strain on these cords gave me a little discomfort, but not much... until
  her full intentions were revealed! Looking down at me from above my head, she
  smiled sweetly and said, &quot;Now, slave, I want you to use your arms and
  legs to lift yourself up a little from the bench.&quot; I obeyed, expecting
  her now to take up any slack in the cords from my nipples and cock and balls:
  instead, she surprised me by bending down and sliding the bench from under
  me! 
&quot;I wonder how long you can hold yourself up and avoid pulling the clamps
  off,&quot; she said in the sort of amused tone that a Mistress might have used
  in this situation. &quot;I hope it's long enough for me to give your nice flat
  belly a little whipping!&quot; She said the latter as her hands stroked my
  belly, its muscles taut with the tension of holding myself in this strained
  and very uncomfortable arch. 
Naturally, my head had fallen back when the bench was removed, and I was unable
  to see her face, and whether she really meant it. She did, as I learned when
  the first blow -- equally invisible to me -- landed across my belly! It felt
  like she was using a short and fairly light whip, not hard enough to be really
  painful but enough to sting sharply: but even this sting was quickly overshadowed
  by the ache in my arms and legs as I strained to maintain my unnatural position. 
It wasn't any real fear of the short sharp pain I knew I would feel when the
  clamps pulled off, that prompted me to hold my pose: it was rather a very strong
  desire to please Helen by staying up as long as I could! I didn't know whether
  she planned to keep whipping my belly until I collapsed -- not that it mattered
  very much, because I also knew I couldn't last long at all -- but I resolved
  to stay as long as possible. 
The cords attached to my nipples were a little tighter than the others, and
  they pulled off when I jerked involuntarily at a slightly harder whip stroke
  than usual. Now Helen paused in her whipping and said, her voice sounding genuinely
  solicitous, &quot;D'you want to rest on your shoulders, slave? I don't mind
  if you do!&quot; 
Aware that my arms were almost ready to give way, I gratefully followed her
  suggestion... and found that this actually allowed me to hold my hips higher,
  thus relaxing the strain on the clamps pinching my cock. With my head now on
  the floor, it also allowed me to see my lovely tormentor, and actually to watch
  the whip land across my belly as she resumed her whipping. 
I was fascinated by the sight of her gorgeous naked figure -- her legs slightly
  apart for stability, so that I could see right into her pussy, and bending
  a little to reach me with her whip, so that her full breasts hung down and
  swayed sensually with every blow. This, added to my submissive nature's reaction
  to my utter helplessness and the way I was actually holding my belly up as
  if begging for it to be whipped, caused my cock to swell in arousal. The clamps,
  which had been put on when it was partly limp, began to lose their grip as
  its loose flesh tightened, and at last slipped off completely -- a strange
  and by no means pleasant sensation! 
My cock flopped heavily down onto my belly, and I expected that Helen would
  now stop: but her arm came down again, and I flinched in fear that she might
  strike my cock itself. Instead, she changed her aim to my chest and, almost
  as if she hadn't noticed the clamps come off my cock, continued to ply her
  whip: one or two of the strokes even landed directly on my nipples, still very
  tender from the clamps! 
Now, with my cock out of my line of sight, I could see my balls stretched
  upwards, and the cords tied around my scrotum under them: they  wouldn't
  slip off like the clamps had, which naturally inspired me to greater efforts
  to hold my hips up, despite the strain my legs were feeling by now! I prayed
  that I could hold out long enough... and my prayer was answered, because Helen
  applied only a few more strokes to my chest, then put down the whip and loosened
  those cords. With not a little relief, I collapsed to the floor. 
This was by far the best example of the way Helen kept faithfully to her script'
  of bondage and discipline, rather than any 'lovemaking'. Once or twice, however,
  she couldn't resist -- when my head happened to be in an appropriate position!
  -- pressing her pussy to my mouth and briefly exciting herself. I wondered
  how her 'audience' might view these moments! 
Eventually, the chime sounded again, and the disembodied voice issued from
  the speaker: &quot;Thank you, Master Paul, your slave's exercise is over. The
  committee will make its assessment, when all its members have seen her performance.&quot; (&quot;What?&quot; I
  thought. &quot;Do I have to go through all this again for another audience,
  or even more?&quot; Fortunately, this wasn't necessary, as Helen explained
  to me a little later.) 
Master Paul was clearly quite pleased with his slave's 'performance', because
  he was kind enough to allow Helen and me to spend the night together in a private
  room. He was even generous enough to allow us a certain degree of freedom:
  our hands were unfettered, and the gag was removed from my mouth, but our ankles
  were chained, Helen's to one wall and mine to the wall opposite. There was
  something familiar about this arrangement, but it was Helen who identified
  what that was, after Master Paul left us alone. 
&quot;This is just like that night in the prison cell on the island!&quot; she
  said. Sure enough, we found that the length of the ankle chains was such that
  we could reach each other with our hands and even with our mouths, but were
  just a few tantalizing inches short of my cock reaching her pussy! But we made
  good use of the freedom we did have, and this time it took no time at all before
  we were lying in a 'sixty-nine', her mouth full with my cock and my tongue
  lapping at her pussy and clit. Our climaxes seemed to come all to quickly,
  and then we settled down in the afterglow of our pleasure to chat contentedly. 
We reminisced about that night in the cell on our first cruise: I remarked
  how glad I was that my cock wasn't as sore as it had been then, and Helen agreed
  with me fervently, referring of course to her pussy. A little later, I asked
  her what tonight's 'exercise' had all been about. 
&quot;It was part of my assessment,&quot; she said, &quot;for my position
  as a crew slave. You see, the services of crew slaves are part of what the
  passengers pay for, we have to cater for as many tastes as possible, and some
  passengers enjoy having slaves punish other slaves. The committee of officers,
  who'll decide where I best fit in as a crew member, have been giving me exercises
  in a whole variety of different slave activities: tonight they wanted to determine
  whether I have any skill or potential in this particular area. 
&quot;I know my skill wasn't much,&quot; she grinned disarmingly, &quot;but
  I'm sure I could learn. As for my potential... well, what do you think?&quot; 
&quot;I'm not sure,&quot; I replied frankly. &quot;Some things you did were
  unusual and exciting, but I think I'm biased: I'd much prefer to have you as
  a fellow-slave, sharing  the bondage and discipline with me.
  On the other hand, you sure seemed to be excited and enjoying it most of the
  time: d'you think you could come to like it more than the submissive side?&quot; 
&quot;Well, actually,&quot; she said, blushing prettily, &quot;I think that
  had more to with how I feel about you ! Having shared a variety
  of experiences (including a good deal of bondage and discipline!) with you,
  and grown rather fond of you -- to put it mildly! -- I suddenly found it an
  incredible turn-on to have you all to myself, helpless and completely in my
  power. In a funny way, because I was expected  to tie you
  up and hurt you a bit -- and not  make love to you -- actually
  made me want  to do it, and I enjoyed it a lot! 
&quot;But at the same time,&quot; she mused almost wonderingly, &quot;it also
  seemed to make me care for you more deeply, and to make the sex we just had
  even more pleasurable. Can you understand that?&quot; I wasn't quite sure that
  I could, but I'd be willing to go through twice what she'd done to me for half
  the pleasure of the sex we'd just enjoyed! My reply was to say nothing, only
  to pull her lovely body against mine and bury my face again between her thighs. 
She moved as if to reciprocate, but I asked her not to, and concentrated on
  thanking her in the best way I knew how, for the nice things she'd just said.
  After only a mild protest, she abandoned herself to enjoying the sensations
  my eager lips and teeth and tongue, not to mention my hands, were giving her,
  and was soon writhing and moaning in another orgasm. Nor did I let up then,
  and she had two more, each apparently more intense than the last, before I
  eventually allowed her to 'come to earth' and rest, weak but content, in my
  arms. 
Some time later, I asked, &quot;What was that about other people having to
  see your performance tonight? Does it mean you have to repeat it, exactly as
  you did it the first time?&quot; 
&quot;No, of course not,&quot; she replied with a smile. &quot;My Master told
  me that they have pretty elaborate videotaping facilities: I'm sure our evening's
  fun is on tape, in full colour and probably from several angles, and the officers
  who weren't watching in person will view it when they're off-duty.&quot; 
That image, of a videotape of my naked body being contorted and bound and
  whipped by an equally naked Helen, was suddenly very exciting, and my cock
  started to swell in response. &quot;I wonder,&quot; I mused, &quot;whether
  they'll let us see that video!&quot; 
&quot;I doubt it,&quot; was Helen' comment. &quot;I've learned a lot about
  the attitudes of the officers, while being tested as a possible crew slave,
  and one thing is pretty clear: slaves are for the service and entertainment
  and pleasure of owners, and any fun we get out of it is just a by-product of
  providing what we're really here for. Anyway,&quot; she smiled coyly into my
  eyes, &quot;who needs to see see videos of ourselves, when we can see each
  other naked most of the time, and sometimes we're even allowed to touch each
  other!&quot; 
Her hand reached down to my cock to demonstrate, and she chuckled to find
  it already almost fully hard. &quot;Now it's my turn!&quot; she murmured, and
  proceeded to prove that the real touch of hands and lips and teeth and tongue
  are far better that a mere video! Taking my cue, I lay back and accepted her
  attentions: with great skill, she kept me at a fever pitch of erotic arousal
  for what seemed like hours before an enormous orgasm swept through me at last.
  Her talented mouth seemed to draw from me, along with my semen, all my strength,
  leaving me drained -- of everything but happiness. 
We got little sleep that night (it was the night after I'd served the boss-lady
  at the plantation, and I'd expected to be very sleepy indeed): we talked a
  lot, telling each other what had been happening to us when we were apart, and
  we caressed and cuddled each other constantly. Helen just wouldn't leave me
  alone, but I didn't mind one bit! To be honest, I gave as good as I got, revelling
  in this all-too-rare opportunity to run my hands and lips over &quot;my darling
  Helen&quot; (as I thought of her), touching every part of her glorious sexy
  body, and to kiss her sweet soft lips and thrust my tongue deep into her warm
  mouth. 
The next time I and my Mistress had much to do with Master Paul and Helen,
  was on the day of the &quot;slaves' boat race&quot;. She mentioned it that
  morning while I was helping her dress, saying that she'd put my name down as
  a paddler and hers as an 'officer' and that, after breakfast, we would go and &quot;see
  if we're on one of the teams.&quot; 
Remembering the fun we'd had that day on our previous cruise, I was barely
  able to control my anticipation during breakfast. When we finally looked at
  the notice-board at the 'entertainment centre', we saw my name as a paddler
  on one of the boats, but my Mistress' as just an onlooker, since fewer 'officers'
  were needed than paddlers. We noticed, too, that Master Paul and Helen had
  been named on the other boat -- and that Brenda and Dan, as two of the few
  first-timers', were to be the 'figurehead' and 'rudder' respectively on the
  opposing boats. 
Muttering good-naturedly about &quot;lucky slaves who get to have all the
  fun!&quot;, my Mistress delivered me to the nominated lifeboat station, leaving
  me in the hands of the officer there while she went to take her place on one
  of the motor launches. Soon I and the other paddlers were shackled in our places,
  kneeling astride the narrow bar that was designed to prevent us &quot;sitting
  down on the job&quot;. Then Dan and a female slave were brought, to take up
  their special positions at the stern and bow respectively. 
The looks on their faces, in the brief moment I saw them before they took
  their places, clearly showed that neither of them had any idea what was about
  to happen. With a touch of sympathy, I remembered my own feelings in the same
  situation... then a very real surge of envy replaced the sympathy, as I also
  remembered the sheer excitement and enjoyment they were about to experience! 
Obviously, from then on, I wasn't able to watch their reactions: but I did
  see their counterparts on the other boat during the warm-up before the race
  itself. Naturally, I thought Brenda looked as sexy as any attractive woman
  would, her naked body leaning forward dramatically to 'breast the waves' and
  her arms and legs tied back to heighten the effect: just as naturally -- given
  my feelings towards Helen! -- I thought Helen had looked even better, last
  time! The male slave acting as the 'rudder' on the other boat was nothing if
  not impressive: he had a very large cock, which was erect and swinging back
  and forth as his Mistress experimented with using it for steering. I also caught
  sight of Helen as one of the paddlers, and -- though I'd missed her name on
  the list! -- Nicole as well, not to mention Master Paul giving orders as the
  other boat's 'skipper'! 
That, however, was about all I -- or any of my fellow-paddlers, except Dan,
  our 'rudder' -- saw of the other boat, because we won the race easily: no thanks
  to superior tactics or anything like that, it just happened that we were the
  stronger paddlers. We caught only occasional glimpses of it, after we rounded
  the marker launch and it was still approaching it. 
As one of the winning 'crew', I got a strange thrill out of stepping over
  the backs of the losing crew slaves to get to the beach. The onlookers -- the
  Masters and Mistresses whose slaves had paddled but who hadn't been on the
  boats themselves -- were ashore by now, my Mistress amongst them. She greeted
  me with a broad grin and &quot;Good work, slave! You and your fellow-paddlers
  won me a sizable bet with one of the other owners! But now I'll leave you to
  enjoy your victory, as your skipper decides to let you.&quot; 
Just then, we caught sight of Master Paul talking with the Entertainment Officer
  who was organizing things: I saw Master Paul grin wryly and nod, then the officer
  went to the skipper of our boat, called for attention and announced, &quot;The
  losong skipper has already congratulated the winning skipper privately, but
  he now wishes to do so publicly.&quot; 
Master Paul came forward and addressed the winning skipper. &quot;Once again,&quot; he
  said formally, &quot;I congratulate you on winning the race: your paddlers
  were clearly better than mine!&quot; Waiting for her acknowlegement, he went
  on, &quot;I also want to carry on a tradition associated with this race, namely,
  that the losing skipper offers himself as a slave to the winning skipper for
  the duration of the picnic. So... what are your orders. ma'am?&quot; 
By the look on her face, this was a complete surprise to the winning skipper,
  but she recovered quickly. &quot;Well, well,&quot; she smiled, &quot;this is
  interesting, and it could be fun... if you're quite sure?&quot; Master Paul's
  firm nod brought another smile, and she continued, &quot;I guess the first
  thing is to get you naked, like a slave ought to be. No, don't take your clothes
  off: I feel like doing that myself... unless you have some objections... slave?&quot; 
These last words were spoken sweetly, but with the underlying steel that all
  Mistresses seemed able to command. Resigning himself to his 'fate', Master
  Paul obediently stood to attention while she unbuttoned his shirt and drew
  it off over his arms, then spent a minute or so running her hands over his
  chest and pinching his nipples. Then she tied his wrists behind his back before
  undoing his belt and letting his trousers slip to the ground: ordering him
  to step out of them, but to keep his legs apart, she borrowed a sharp knife
  from a picnic hamper and used it to nearly cut through the waist and leg bands
  of his underpants at the back. 
Finally she returned to face Master Paul again, took a frim grip at the front
  of the waist band, and tugged sharply to rip the underpants from his hips and
  leave him completely naked. His cock, suddenly free of the restriction of clothing,
  seemed almost to spring up and stand erect for everyone to see. A loud &quot;Oooh!&quot; from
  the mouths of many of the slaves watching, brought a distinct blush to his
  cheeks... and a smile to the lips of the Mistress facing him! 
&quot;Down, slaves!&quot; she said, sharply but cheerfully. &quot;This one's
  not for you: it's mine!&quot; Very deliberately, she spent several minutes
  looking Master Paul's naked body up and down, but without making any move to
  touch him: her inspection, as was no doubt her intention, caused his blush
  to deepen... as well as his cock to grow even harder! Finally she called on
  one of her paddler' slaves to kneel beside him and fit cuffs and a hobble-chain
  to his ankles -- &quot;I don't want him free to run,&quot; she said, &quot;but
  he'll need his hands free to serve me lunch! 
&quot;Now,&quot; she went on when that was done, &quot;I've been thinking
  about how to reward my paddlers for their good work, and I've decided to combine
  that with one of the penalties for your  paddlers.&quot; She
  grinned at Master Paul. &quot;Weren't so good, were they? Otherwise you and
  I might be standing in the other's place, eh? 
&quot;At the same time, it'll be a bit of entertainment for us all. I want
  all the slaves from the losing boat to line up and pose with their hands clasped
  behind their backs: now, may I have the list of the names of my 'winning' slaves,
  please?&quot; The officer who had organized the race gave her a sheet of paper,
  and she continued, &quot;I'll read the names in the order they appear, and
  each slave may choose one of the 'losing' slaves; the chosen slaves will in
  turn amuse us as we're eating our lunch, by eating the slaves who chose them.
  Is that OK?&quot; She obtained the officer's approval, and asked him to see
  to the carrying out of this plan. 
My excitement had begun to rise during this little speech, and it grew even
  higher as things got under way: the 'losing' slaves were all in a line, their
  naked bodies on full display, 'our skipper' started to call the names from
  the list, and each 'winning' slave was allowed to walk along the line and indicate
  his or her choice by pulling the chosen slave from the line. The officer saw
  to it that each pair was identified, simply by using a marker pen to write
  a number on a prominent part of both slaves' bodies! 
The reader may -- quite understandably! -- be assuming that my choice would
  be Helen, considering how I felt about her. I'll admit I did consider choosing
  her: but, in the event, she was 'taken' well before my turn arrived. Dan, our
  rudder', and the girl who'd been our 'figurehead', were the first two names
  on the list: and Dan showed little hesitation in choosing Helen for himself! 
In any case, I was also interested in making another choice. When my turn
  did come, I decided to milk my 'moment' for all it was worth, by walking slowly
  along the line and carefully inspecting each and every slave, even the males...
  until the skipper told me sharply to get on with it, or I might lose my chance!
  Then I went straight to the slave-girl I'd already chosen. Most of the choices
  had been made by the chooser grasping some part of the choosee's body -- males
  usually by their cocks, females by a nipple or even a handful of pussy hair
  -- but I swept a large handful of Nicole 's long and luxuriant
  hair into my grip and used it to pull her, smiling and unresisting, from the
  line! 
Now the picnic lunch got under way: as before, the 'losing' slaves had to
  wait on the 'winning' Masters and Mistresses, both those who had been on the
  boat and those who had been onlookers. In particular, the 'winning' skipper
  took delight in demanding the most obsequious service from her temporary slave:
  Master Paul spent most of the meal on his knees, shuffling between the tables
  of food and her side, putting choice morsels in her mouth and holding her wine
  glass to her lips. We 'winning' slaves didn't need to serve, but neither were
  we waited on: we were allowed to help ourselves, but only after the 'losing'
  owners, who had to look after themselves without slave service. 
The promised 'show' got under way, too! As each number was called, the two
  nominated slaves left their eating and serving, and went into the open space
  in the centre of the picnickers -- for a different kind of eating! When it
  was my turn, I made Nicole kneel in front of me and use her skillful hands
  on my cock and balls until the former was rock-hard, then run them up and down
  my legs and over my bum while her talented mouth was busy on my cock: meanwhile,
  I ran my hands through her glorious long hair, lifting it and allowing the
  breeze to swirl it sensually over my own nakedness. Our little performance
  was all too short -- I could have made it last longer, but we were ordered
  to be quick -- and finally my orgasm came and I clutched handfuls of Nicole's
  hair as I arched my back and my cock shot its fluid deep into her throat. 
Some people were still eating -- food, that is! -- when the last 'winning'
  slave-girl climaxed with the 'losing' slave's mouth deep in her pussy: but
  most were finished, one appetite satisfied but another aroused by what they'd
  been watching. The organizing officer, in consultation with the winning skipper,
  soon had the afternoon's activities started: the first of these was the choice,
  by lot, of one male and one female 'losing' slave to be tied to convenient
  palm trees and given a few strokes with a light whip by each of the owners
  on the winning boat. 
The main activity, however, and the one that all the 'winning' owners were
  eagerly anticipating, was their opportunity to 'claim' one of the 'losing'
  slaves and lead him or her into the nearby dunes for more personal activities!
  The first to do this was naturally the winning skipper, who now touched Master
  Paul for the very first time, taking a firm grip of his balls and leading him
  away with a broad grin of anticipation. After she set the example, the other
  winning owners made their claims one by one as the mood took them: the organizing
  officer tried to see to it that as many owners as possible got the slave of
  their choice, but once or twice he had resolve a disagreement by drawing lots. 
I happened to be nearby when my Mistress and two others were involved in such
  a draw... over the slave who'd been the 'rudder' on the losing boat. It wasn't
  hard to guess why they were all so interested: this particular slave was built
  like a football player, tall, broad and well-muscled, and with a cock that
  was abnormally large even when it was limp -- which wasn't often! He and his
  Mistress were on their first cruise, and up to now she had kept him very much
  to herself: but the idea of using him -- or rather, his cock! -- to steer a
  boat in the race, had seemed an offer too interesting to refuse. 
To her unashamed delight, my Mistress drew the lucky straw! I watched, fascinated
  despite more than a touch of jealousy, as she claimed her 'prize' by tying
  his wrists and elbows tightly behind him, then tying another rope around the
  base of his huge erection and taking the other end to lead him away into the
  dunes. The activities of the next hour or so did little to diminish my jealousy
  and, when she reappeared with him in tow, the now limp state of his cock only
  made me reach the obvious conclusion about what had happened. 
Naturally, I wasn't nearly game to ask her to confirm or deny my suspicions,
  but she confirmed them anyway... although not to me directly. She had hardly
  let her temporary slave go, when the two other Mistresses came up to her and
  asked excitedly, &quot;Well, how was it?!&quot; My Mistress smiled a satisfied
  smile and told them... 
With me standing right beside her, she said, &quot;He's a big strong slave,
  so I decided it would be best to make sure he was well bound first: I made
  him cross his legs tailor-fashion, and tied his ankles to each other and to
  his thighs very tightly, then made him get up on his knees and lean against
  a tree while I pulled a rope tight between his ankles and wrists. When I lowered
  him back so that he was lying on his arms, he was so beautifully helpless:
  his raised hips and his spread thighs made everything so available! 
&quot;In spite of his size and strength, he seems to be a pretty submissive
  slave, because this tight bondage had made that cock of his even bigger...
  I could hardly believe it myself,&quot; -- she grinned at the murmurs of disbelief
  from her listeners -- &quot;but it's true! It lay there on his belly, looking
  like a big sausage, and seemed to almost reach his chin: it was great fun to
  sit between his knees and hold it up and use both hands to run up and down
  it, and it was so heavy when I tormented him by slapping it hard from side
  to side with my palms! 
&quot;Maybe you won't believe this, but I honestly planned to work on him
  just like that, and make him come to see how far a fire-hose that size could
  shoot,&quot; -- the faces of her listeners made it quite plain they didn't  believe
  her! -- but I must admit that the temptation got the better of me: I just had
  to find out how it felt inside! I took my clothes off and lowered myself on
  to that long thick rod.&quot; 
Now her audience was really listening, and she seemed to warm to her tale. &quot;I
  did it very slowly, and I had to pause once or twice to make myself relax more,
  but at last I had to stop when it felt as if its head was about to block my
  throat! I looked down, and found that I was still a few inches above his crotch,
  but there was no way I could take any more of it! 
&quot;I rode him slowly, enjoying the unusual sensations of such thickness.
  The fact that I couldn't take his whole length meant that my weight was always
  on my knees and shins, resting on his belly and right on the stretched tendons
  of his thighs: and when I lifted myself until its head was almost out, I had
  to stand nearly right up on my knees. It probably wasn't very comfortable for
  him, but since when do mere slaves deserve comfort and, anyway, he didn't complain!&quot; 
She grinned teasingly at her listeners' impatience at this digression. &quot;Like
  I said, the sensations were interesting, but not as exciting as they might
  have been. You see, my clit never came in contact with anything, so I stayed
  pretty unaroused: I guess I could have used my own fingers but, after all,
  this was  supposed to be an objective experiment, purely for
  experience, you understand?&quot; Her audience made it perfectly clear that
  they did not, bringing another chuckle from my Mistress. 
&quot;Well, to the point,&quot; she smiled. &quot;When my captive came --
  pretty soon, though I say it myself! -- his sheer strength enabled him to buck
  quite sharply, in spite of his bondage, and the spurt of juices inside me felt
  like a fire-hose. Honestly, I did almost regret not seeing how far it would
  have shot: maybe, I thought, I can bring him off again and still see it. 
&quot;Anyway, he'd had his pleasure, and it was now time for me to get some.
  I turned around and put my pussy on his mouth, so that he had to swallow his
  own juices at the same time as using his tongue on my clit. Once again, it
  wasn't very comfortable for him, because I took care to rest all my weight
  on his chest and shoulders, and not only that: as a kind of penalty for being
  allowed to come inside me, I gave that cock of his some fairly rough treatment
  with my nails, and also used a handful of tough reeds to whip the insides of
  his thighs, on his belly and even a few strokes over his balls. 
&quot;His tongue's not bad,&quot; she finished almost nonchalantly, &quot;but
  I've had better. I did have quite a nice climax, though. Interesting, you know,&quot; her
  tone changed to one of serious discussion, &quot;it must take more energy to
  get a hard-on and come with a cock that size, because I couldn't bring it up
  again: it stayed quite limp and flopped around on his belly like a big wet
  eel! Even my slave can usually get his hard again within a few minutes...&quot; 
Throughout this long and detailed anecdote, I had no choice but to stay close
  beside her and listen, because she had casually but deliberately taken a good
  grip on my balls. My jealousy had steadily grown stronger, at the way she described
  her enjoyment of something I could never give her, along with my deepening
  humiliation at having to listen to these explicit details. Her final remark,
  however, seemed to dissolve the jealousy as if had never existed: it was replaced
  by a swelling of inordinate pride, that she seemed to prefer me, even in one
  small way, to that big muscular slave with his huge cock! 
My humiliation was still present, though, and perhaps stronger than ever:
  but now it served to emphasise the real message I realized she was sending
  me. Precisely by  telling this story in this way in front
  of me, she was asserting her right, as my Mistress, to use another slave as
  she wished, as well as reminding me very firmly of my place -- as her slave ,
  with no rights at all! As usual, my submissive nature responded to her message
  with a surge of the intense excitement that by now was quite familiar. 
Later, on the way back to the ship, I was lucky enough to have a few minutes
  alone with Helen -- we slaves were taken back in one launch, the Masters and
  Mistresses in the other. I told her briefly about the events just related,
  and confided in her the feelings I'd experienced. 
&quot;Yes, it's a wonderful feeling, isn't it?&quot; she responded, her eyes
  shining. &quot;So exciting and humiliating at the same time. You and I really
  are learning how to be slaves, and we've come a long way since those first
  few days on the island, haven't we? Aren't you glad you chose to become a full-time
  slave?&quot; 
Am I ever!! 
On the afternoon of the day that my Mistress 'reclaimed' me as her slave after
  her trip to the island, she booked one of the ship's bondage rooms for a couple
  of hours. She left me locked inside -- not only locked, but also shackled inescapably
  to some rings in the floor! -- for a few minutes, then returned with a large
  package under her arm. 
Putting the package down on a convenient bench, she proceeded to strip off
  her casual skirt and blouse... to reveal what she called her 'domination outfit'
  -- the figure-hugging black leather costume, cut very high at the sides and
  equally low between her breasts and at the back, that I'd come to recognize
  as a sign that she was planning some serious bondage for me... or perhaps even
  worse! The sight of her sexy figure clad -- barely! -- in this way made my
  cock start to get hard -- or was it my submissive nature's tendency to get
  turned on by the prospect of the bondage itself? 
Be that as it may, my Mistress took no notice whatsoever of my state of arousal;
  instead, quite matter-of-factly, she made me stand in the middle of the room,
  free of any shackles but with a stern warning not to move an inch without her
  order. Then she unwrapped the package and came to stand in front of me with
  its contents in her hands. 
&quot;I found this interesting bit of gear,&quot; she announced with a smile, &quot;in
  one of the shops on the island. I was so sure you'd like it, that I spent an
  inordinate sum of money on it. Can you guess how it works?&quot; 
&quot;No, Mistress,&quot; I replied, after looking hard, for about half a
  minute, at the object she held. I meant it, too: the object seemed to be a
  single large piece of heavy leather, with a number of holes in it and a number
  of rings and other attachments, but without any complex arrangement of straps
  or suchlike; its shape was relatively simple, but too difficult to describe
  easily in words, so I fear my readers will have to remain in ignorance a while
  longer -- as, indeed, I had to! 
&quot;I'm not surprised,&quot; grinned my Mistress. &quot;In fact, I couldn't
  work it out myself, and I had to get the shop assistant to demonstrate it on
  the slave I had with me at the time. But when I saw how it worked, I just had
  to have it for you! So... let's try it on you, shall we?&quot; She moved around
  behind me and ordered sharply, &quot;Arms!&quot; 
This command, in these circumstances, meant that I was to place my arms behind
  my back and extend them towards her, keeping them straight. I obeyed and, a
  moment later, felt them being slid into a kind of 'twin sleeve' arrangement
  that I'd noticed as part of the object. With a little difficulty, my hands
  were forced through the fairly narrow openings at the ends of these 'sleeves'
  and now my arms were held almost rigid, although not uncomfortably tightly,
  by the heavy leather. 
The next development was quite unexpected. My Mistress tossed the rest of
  the 'harness' over my head and, without any warning at all, a heavy plaited
  rope at its other end struck against the head of my half-erect cock, painfully
  enough to cause me to jerk back and cry out. But she took no notice and, telling
  me to draw my head down into my shoulders as far as I could, reached through
  a large hole in the harness to grab a handful of my hair; firmly, but not un-gently,
  she urged my head through that hole until the harness rested on my shoulders. 
Looking down at myself, I could now see that the harness narrowed, from just
  wider than my shoulders at the top, to about four inches wide at the level
  of my crotch, and then further until it merged smoothly into the thick plaited
  rope that hung down to the floor. There were two large circular holes at the
  level of my chest, through which my nipples could protrude, and another --
  narrower and elongated -- down lower: it wasn't hard to guess its  purpose,
  but I was still somewhat baffled as to the real function of the whole thing. 
Nor was my Mistress volunteering any information as yet! When she came in
  front of me for just a moment, she said nothing, but her eyes held the amused
  sparkle that I'd come to recognize as sheer enjoyment at rendering a slave
  like me helpless in some new way. Expertly, almost impersonally, she drew my
  cock and balls through the narrow hole in the harness, then went behind me
  again. 
I felt her hand reach between my thighs, to take and pull the plaited rope
  back and upwards, carefully ensuring that it passed snugly between the cheeks
  of my bum. Then she did something that, naturally, I couldn't see and, suddenly,
  the narrow part of the harness between my legs was drawn tight while, at the
  same time, my arms in their sleeves were pulled down firmly. (Later I had a
  better look at the harness, and saw that it had a row of holes, edged with
  metal, placed vertically between the arm-sleeves from just below shoulder-level
  to a final one about where my fingertips would have been; obviously, she had
  passed the rope through one of these and pulled on it, before somehow clamping
  it tight.) 
Returning to face me again, my Mistress now proved more informative. &quot;This
  isn't actually the harness I'm buying for you,&quot; she said conversationally,
  as she busied herself with some thin cord in a way I didn't understand. &quot;They
  lent me this one, just to try out on you and get the measurements they need
  to make one custom-fitted for your  body. 
&quot;For instance,&quot; she went on, &quot;these big holes on your chest
  won't be here. Holes like this, or even bigger, might be suitable for female
  slaves -- I'm sure you'd agree! -- but I've chosen to have smaller ones, so
  that just your nipples will peek through! And what I'm doing now is to measure
  exactly where they should put those holes... see?&quot; 
I did see, and I had to admire the cleverness of the idea, despite the mild
  discomfort it caused me: carefully fitting two clamps (not simple twin-jawed
  ones, but multiple-jawed ones which squeezed from all sides!) on my nipples,
  my Mistress then passed a length of cord to and fro between a number of hooks
  around each hole and thereby accurately located the positions of my nipples
  within the space defined by the holes. &quot;There!&quot; she said finally. &quot;That'll
  do for a first estimate.... 
&quot;And now for this,&quot; she continued, not surprisingly shifting her
  attention down to my crotch. In just the same way, she located the spot where
  my cock and balls protruded through the slot provided, passing another cord
  across the slot both above and below my manhood. By the time she finished,
  my cock was fully hard, due partly to the constriction of the cords, and partly
  to the casual handling it received in the process! 
&quot;Enjoying this, are we, slave?&quot; she grinned cheerfully as she gave
  my cock a quick but thorough fondle. &quot;And now... to demonstrate the real
  purpose of this fancy harness!...&quot; And demonstrate it she did... for the
  better part of two hours! 
That purpose -- which I hadn't guessed at all -- was... suspension! My first
  hint of this came with the whirr of a motor, as my Mistress lowered a chain
  from a pulley in the ceiling above my head. A moment later she hooked the steel
  ring plaited into the end of the rope to the chain, slowly took up the slack...
  and I found myself stretched on tiptoe, with most of my weight supported by
  the narrow part of the harness passing under my crotch! 
She took her experiments with her new toy very slowly and carefully: she constantly
  checked the edges of the harness to see if they were cutting into me, especially
  in my crotch and around the holes for my nipples and cock; she made notes of
  minor changes that would be necessary, for example the width of the part through
  my crotch and the exact point at which it should narrow to fit between my bum-cheeks;
  and she made adjustments to the cords locating my cock and nipples, as she
  tried the various &quot;angles&quot; the harness was designed for. 
These &quot;angles&quot; were perhaps the most interesting idea of the harness.
  They were controlled by which hole between the arm-sleeves the plaited rope
  passed through: the first try was through the highest hole, which meant that
  my body was held vertical and most of my weight was on my crotch, and the one-piece
  design was such that the rope pulling up behind my back put a downward  pull
  on the front of the harness (and, of course, on my cock and nipples, hence
  the adjustments my Mistress had to make) and a consequent upward  pull
  on the arm-sleeves (forcing my arms further and tighter inside them). Later
  my Mistress tried holes lower down, with the effect that my body leaned forward
  and more of my weight was supported by the part of the harness over my shoulders. 
My Mistress kept up a fairly constant and cheerful chatter, interspersed with
  occasional questions about the level of my discomfort and how I was taking
  this new form of bondage. Thanks to this, I was distracted from thinking about
  where the successive stages of the experiment were leading... until she lowered
  the pulley further than usual and told me to get down on my knees. I obeyed,
  but didn't quite see the point of this, as it seemed too low for her to do
  things to what she called the &quot;interesting parts&quot; of my body. 
Telling me to cross my ankles, she passed a wide strap around them and attached
  it to the end of the arm-sleeves; obviously, I thought, she means me to stay
  on my knees and wants to experiment with the &quot;angles&quot; in that way
  too. I felt her adjusting the rope in one of the arm-sleeve holes, then felt
  the pulley taking up the slack again... and, to my utter surprise, found myself
  leaning further forward than at any time before and being lifted right off
  the floor! Almost before I realized it, I was suspended at the level of my
  Mistress' shoulders. 
With a hand on each side of my face, she lifted my head so that I could look
  at her. &quot;This is great, eh, slave?&quot; she said with a wide grin of
  satisfaction. &quot;Remember when we tried, once, to suspend you in a hogtie
  by just your wrists and ankles, and found that it put just too much strain
  on your arms and shoulders? Well, now we seem to have the solution to that
  problem. 
&quot;This harness spreads the support between your shoulders, your arms,
  your crotch, and your ankles, and so makes it more tolerable for you. I'm such
  a considerate Mistress, amn't I, and I trust you're properly grateful!&quot; She
  kept talking, to herself as much as to me, as she moved around me, checking
  the harness again: &quot;I've always fancied the idea of suspending a slave
  in this hogtie pose, because it's one of the best for making you so completely
  and utterly and absolutely helpless, and it keeps your hands and feet so nicely
  out of the way. 
&quot;Unfortunately, with this harness, it's not quite the same as if you
  were suspended by your wrists and ankles alone, because then every part of
  your helpless body would be available. I've only ever come across one slave
  who was supple and strong enough, and tolerant enough of the discomfort, to
  be suspended like that. So even we Mistresses have to compromise sometimes:
  this harness does the main job, and still leaves your most interesting parts
  free for me to play with!&quot; 
She was directly behind me now and, with my head hanging downwards, I could
  see -- in a peculiarly inverted perspective -- her hands fondling my cock and
  balls. The strangeness of my bondage, plus the effects of her words and her
  hands, gave me an enormous hard-on: the sensation of an erection that's hanging  from
  one's crotch, rather than standing out or up, is really quite unique, and my
  Mistress seemed aware of this. 
&quot;Your cock just hangs there,&quot; she chuckled, &quot;like a salami
  in an Italian delicatessen! I wonder how long it would get, if I hung weights
  from it: I must try that sometime.&quot; She toyed with it a moment longer,
  but didn't let me come; before she left it alone to do other things, she slapped
  it back and forth with the palms of her hands, hard enough to be quite painful
  -- but at the same time very pleasurable! 
I hung there, uncomfortable but by no means intolerably so, for well over
  half an hour, while my Mistress tried minor experiments and noted down some
  adjustments. For example, because my shoulders tended to hang lower than my
  hips, she decided that the hole she was using should be moved a little; she
  also told me she would ask for two more holes to be added, which would have
  the effect of suspending me semi-inverted -- &quot;for even more variety, eh,
  slave?&quot; She experimented, too, with the strap from my ankles to my wrists,
  at one stage pulling it tight enough to arch my back a good deal and make my
  ankles bear much more weight... to the relief of my crotch, but not my legs!
  But I found even that was bearable, with my shoulders taking so much of the
  strain from my arms. 
I was stiff, but not painfully so, when she finally released me from the harness
  and took me out on deck to enjoy some fresh air and sunshine. After a session
  of bondage like that, during which I'd been bound so tight and helpless, I
  was so turned on that I could hardly wait for the next one -- and I found myself
  looking forward keenly to the day when my Mistress would have a harness like
  that, specially fitted for me! 
The next highlight of the cruise I want to mention happened on the last night,
  after the end-of-cruise party. (I won't describe the party itself, because
  it was very similar to the one at the end of my first cruise; I trust that
  my reader(s) have had the opportunity to read my account of it and, if any
  slave readers have not been permitted to do so, I'm afraid that's just too
  bad!) When we got back to my Mistress' cabin after the party, she smiled at
  me and said: &quot;Remember the last night of our first cruise, slave, and
  the private 'celebration' we had?&quot; 
&quot;Oh yes, Mistress,&quot; I replied. And my cock started to get hard,
  because I remembered very well how she had allowed me actually to screw her
  -- a privilege that she granted all too rarely, even if she usually saw to
  it that I was well and truly bound for it, with herself in total control! But
  my hopes for a 'repeat performance' turned out to be in vain.... 
&quot;Well, this one is to be different,&quot; she smiled even more broadly,
  giving the head of my cock a none-too-gentle flick with a fingernail. &quot;Tonight
  is your chance to prove the skill with your tongue that so impressed that 'Lady
  Anita of the Plantation'! And I trust you'll impress me, too, otherwise you
  might be more than a little sorry!&quot; This last was said in a tone with
  a definite edge to it, but the hint of a smile that stayed on her lips persuaded
  me that I might even enjoy 'being sorry'. 
Nevertheless, I was somewhat nervous as she arranged my shackles exactly as
  they'd been at Lady Anita's -- just my wrists handcuffed behind my back, and
  a shortish hobble chain between ankle cuffs. Despite Lady Anita's compliments
  on my skill, I hadn't been aware of doing anything much differently, or better,
  than my Mistress herself had been training me for. Threat or no threat, I wanted
  to give her as much pleasure as I could, anyway. 
My Mistress made me watch her as, less than a metre in front of my eyes, she
  slowly stripped herself naked. She did this with surprisingly few simple movements,
  but her skill was such that hardly even the most elaborate strip-tease act
  could have equalled it for sensuality and eroticism. By the time she stood
  there, smiling and running her fingers lightly over her gorgeous body, slim
  yet more than adequately curved, my cock was rock-hard -- with excitement,
  yes, but perhaps even more with adoration! 
Her eyes held mine and a teasing smile played on her lips as, without a word,
  she crooked one finger ever so slightly, then moved back to sit on the bed.
  I followed obediently -- and  very willingly! Slowly, almost
  langurously, she lay back against the pillows she'd piled up, and finally moved
  her lovely thighs apart to reveal the object of the task she'd set me. Calling
  up all the talent I had, as well as the skills she'd been teaching me, I began.... 
She gave me not a single word of instructions, but by now I had a pretty good
  idea of what she liked and what turned her on. Before very long, she was murmuring
  in pleasure, but I was careful not to 'bring her along' too quickly: instead,
  I concentrated hard on keeping the level of her arousal either steady or slowly
  increasing. Nor did I have to do it all by myself: as I worked with my tongue
  and lips -- and sometimes my teeth, too! -- buried in the curly thatch of her
  pussy or between her creamy thighs, I could see her hands constantly roving
  all over the rest of her body -- stroking her belly, running up and down her
  thighs, and especially caressing the firm mounds of her breasts and teasing
  her deep red nipples into hard little erections. 
Eventually I judged the time was just right. Suddenly, I pursed my lips over
  the button of her clit, sucked firmly to draw it partly into my mouth, and
  started flicking at its tip with my tongue -- as rapidly as most of my previous
  actions had been slow and smooth. My Mistress responded daramatically: a low
  moan, that seemed to start deep inside her and almost force its way through
  her wide open mouth, rose quickly into a high scream of pure pleasure; her
  hips thrust forward, as if wanting to push her clit even further into my mouth;
  and, right in front of my eyes, the smooth soft flesh of her belly started
  to ripple as her orgasm swept through her. 
It was the first of three climaxes that, I think I can be rightly proud in
  saying, I gave her that night! Unlike most other times, she abandoned herself
  completely to the attentions of my mouth -- even, I'm almost certain, forcing
  herself not to push me away at times and let her arousal ease a little. This
  meant that I was able, in a way, to 'pile up' her orgasms on top of each other:
  the third, which was effectively the second just raised to another level of
  intensity, had her arching her back as if in agony, locking her ankles behind
  my neck and squeezing my head with her thighs until I thought my skull might
  crack, and clutching handfuls of my hair as if she wanted to pull them out. 
Where the first two had lasted for what was certainly three minutes or more,
  this last orgasm was as brief as it was dramatic... fortunately, I think, for
  my skull and scalp! Even the cry she made was a short, but very loud and very
  high, &quot;AAH!!!&quot; A moment later, she went completely limp, just like
  a rag doll, and simply lay there, panting deeply and rapidly. 
I thought she may have fainted because, for thirty seconds or more, there
  was no reaction at all to the things I was still doing with my tongue. Perhaps
  she had, for just a few moments: when I drew back a little to wait for her
  to come to, however, she immediately murmured, &quot;No, slave, don't stop:
  just bring me down, but slowly... slowly....&quot; 
It was the first actual instruction she'd given, and I took it as a signal
  that my 'task' was over. I knew, too, from the 'lessons' she'd been giving
  me since I became her full-time slave, exactly what she meant: I started to
  move my tongue and lips, slowly and ever so gently, over the parts of her lovely
  naked body that she liked to have soothed after her orgasms. But it was a long
  time, seemingly much longer than usual, before she was again relaxed and fully
  in control of herself. 
&quot;Thank you, slave, that'll be enough,&quot; she said at last. Her face
  was almost glowing with pleasure and contentment as she smiled down at me,
  and I thought, I've really done it! I've really impressed her, the way she
  wanted to be impressed! I'm so happy... and proud! 
To my surprise, her next words completely gave the lie to the look on her
  face! &quot;That was very good, slave,&quot; she said almost drily, &quot;perhaps
  better than you've ever done since I started your training. But I wouldn't
  actually call it 'impressive' -- rather, it's getting close to what I expect  from
  a good, well-trained slave, and there's still a way to go before you reach
  the standard I think we can train you to. Are you sure you did all the extra-special
  things you did to impress Lady Anita so much?&quot; 
I stared at her, utterly speechless. I was certain that she'd just had the  most
  intense and pleasurable orgasm I'd ever helped her have, and here she was hinting
  that my performance had been unsatisfactory and that I might have favoured
  Lady Anita with more effort or skill than I was willing to spend on her, my
  own Mistress! 
Before I could get over my shock, she suddenly grinned mischievously, sat
  up and leaned forward to plant a big kiss on my forehead. &quot;Only teasing,
  slave,&quot; she said warmly. &quot;That was really very good indeed, and I'm
  very very pleased with you! I never cared at all, how  you'd
  impressed Lady Anita, or even whether you'd done things for her that you've
  never done for me, so long as you still wanted to be my  slave
  and learn to please me  as I  want to be
  pleased! 
&quot;I just couldn't resist the opportunity,&quot; she went on, her eyes
  dancing with amusement, &quot;to give you a little incentive, and show me what
  you can do when you really  try! Seriously, though: if it's
  true that you didn't try harder with Lady Anita than you do with me -- and
  I do believe you! -- then it just goes to show that my expectations of you,
  as my slave... my pleasure-slave... my 'pussy-slave'... whose most useful attribute
  is a well-trained tongue, may be a little higher than most Mistresses', eh?&quot; 
I would have answered, but she gave me no chance: instead, she drew my face
  close to hers and gave me a long, deep kiss on my open mouth. At the same time,
  she reached down with her hands and, finding my cock semi-erect from what she'd
  just said as well as from what she was now doing with her  lips
  and tongue, skillfully fondled it into a full, rock-like and almost painful
  erection. 
Her hands kept doing this when she broke our kiss to take breath. Looking
  directly into my eyes, she said softly and, this time, with real seriousness, &quot;Now
  that we've seen what you can really do with your tongue, are you willing for
  me to increase your training in this area, when we get home, and we might soon
  get some real results? Shall we say double, two hours a day? Or maybe even
  triple?&quot; 
With the relief I felt at that moment -- that I hadn't actually disappointed
  her -- coupled with the enormous sense of satisfaction I'd felt at giving her
  the orgasms she'd so obviously enjoyed, not to mention the intense feeling
  of sheer adoration that seemed to fill my heart, I think I would have agreed
  to ten  hours a day! Just in time, however, I remembered that
  she disapproved of slaves trying to ingratiate themselves by asking for harder
  tasks than their owners expected of them, and I decided it was better to be
  guided by her. 
&quot;Yes, please, Mistress,&quot; I replied, humbly but eagerly. &quot;May
  we start with two hours a day at first? But, if you 're not
  happy with my progress, I'd be willing to make it more.&quot; 
I barely got the last word out. My Mistress signalled her agreement and approval,
  not with words but with an even longer and warmer kiss! 
The next morning, of course, saw our arrival back at the ship's home port, and
  the end of the cruise. After getting up and showering, I helped my Mistress
  dress as usual, but then I also dressed myself, since all passengers had been
  warned that we might be well within sight of other ships or land. 
After so many breakfasts and other meals, at which I had had to serve my Mistress
  or other owners, it was quite a change to sit at table with  her
  and to be waited on by the ship's crew. Although they were still the same people
  who, like me, had spent the whole cruise as naked slaves, I found it difficult
  to recognize them wearing their smart uniforms. They, on the other hand, knew
  very well who was who between my Mistress and me: they managed simultaneously
  to treat her with humble servility, and me as merely their equal, but cleverly
  and with such good humour that it was impossible to take offence! 
Brenda and Dan joined us after breakfast, dressed as &quot;normal&quot; people
  again but obviously still very excited over their experiences as unaccompanied
  slaves. We spent our last couple of hours aboard ship wandering around the
  decks, chatting and watching the nearby shipping and our own ship's docking.
  Despite the fact that we looked  like any other vacationers,
  there was no reason we couldn't talk  about the more interesting
  events of the cruise... and we did! 
At last the time came to disembark -- after another tearful farewell scene
  with Helen! Once through the customs formalities, we packed our luggage in
  the cars and were preparing to set off, when my Mistress sprang another of
  her surprises.... 
&quot;We won't be driving to your motel with you today,&quot; she told Brenda
  and Dan. &quot;I've been invited to spend a day or so at the cruise company's
  shore base.&quot; She turned to me. &quot;You won't mind spending the time
  there with me, will you?&quot; she asked sweetly, but in tones that clearly
  told me I had no choice. &quot;You might enjoy going on the crew bus: it's
  over there, just tell the officer your name. See you later... and see you behave
  yourself!&quot; 
Taking her &quot;suggestion&quot; as the order it was intended to be, I said
  goodbye to Brenda and Dan and made my way to the bus she'd pointed out. I was
  also certain that her last remark had been a hint for me to act more like a
  slave than an ordinary passenger: so, when I approached the officer seated
  beside the bus, I waited quietly for him to speak to me before I spoke. 
&quot;My Mistress told me to report to you, sir,&quot; I said quietly. I'd
  already noticed that no-one else was about, so I used the words a slave would. 
&quot;What's your name?&quot; he asked. 
&quot;Slave Peter, sir,&quot; I replied, and he checked a sheet of paper he
  held. 
&quot;OK, slave,&quot; he said. &quot;You may get in and sit in the front
  seat.&quot; 
As I obeyed, I noticed a sign just inside the door, announcing in large letters: &quot;Guest
  aboard. NO talking.&quot; Over the next fifteen or twenty minutes, a number
  of crew members came from the ship and reported to the officer by showing him
  a ticket of some kind. Not a word was said as they accepted his nod to board
  the bus, smiling at me as they passed and taking their seats quietly behind
  me. I guessed it was very likely they were all crew slaves but, as at breakfast,
  it wasn't easy to recognize them with their clothes on! 
When the bus was full, including the driver's seat but excluding a seat at
  the front facing backwards, the officer got in and took his place in that last
  seat. Still without a word, the driver -- another slave, I supposed -- started
  up and we drove away: and the following journey of less than half an hour passed
  in the same complete silence. Naturally, I was very curious as to what was
  about to happen: clearly, as the sign indicated, this silence was intended
  to keep me guessing! 
At last we stopped at a gate in a high stone wall: the gate opened, we drove
  through, and it closed again behind us. Instead of driving on, we stopped just
  inside... and the officer spoke for the first time since he'd told me to get
  on the bus. 
&quot;Here's where we get off,&quot; he said to me. &quot;You first, slave,
  and obey the orders you're given.&quot; 
Stepping down from the bus, I was greeted by another officer, a woman this
  time. &quot;You're slave Peter?&quot; she asked briskly. 
&quot;Yes, ma'am,&quot; I replied. 
&quot;Right, then,&quot; she said, &quot;off with your clothes, and put them
  in this bin!&quot; 
I wasn't exactly surprised, but I must confess I'd thought that this sort
  of thing was confined to the ship and the unusual islands it visited! But I
  obeyed, of course: when I was naked, the officer snapped a collar around my
  neck, and I found myself attached by a rope to a post. A moment later she had
  fastened cuffs on my wrists behind my back. 
By now, the others were alighting from the bus: they needed no orders, but
  instantly stripped naked, tossing their uniforms into another (much bigger!)
  bin, and submitted meekly to the officer shackling them exactly as I was. (I
  found it fascinating that, once they were naked, I recognized almost every
  one of them!) The officer was remarkably efficient and, as quickly as they
  were ready, she had us all shackled in two lines: my and another slave's collars
  were attached to two posts and, behind us, each slave's collar was attached
  to the wrists of the slave in front. Yet her efficiency didn't prevent her
  indulging in an occasional fondle of the nearest naked body! 
The bus drove back through the gate and, a short time later, a little runabout
  like a golf car drove up from the opposite direction: its driver was a male
  slave, naked and securely shackled with heavy cuffs and chains from his ankles
  to strong rings and from his wrists to the controls. Turning the car in its
  own length, he reversed it close to the posts... and I realized what was about
  to happen! The officer unhooked the two ropes from the posts, re-attached them
  to two hooks on the car, and said, &quot;OK, take them away, slave!&quot; 
She slapped some of us cheerfully on our rumps as the car moved off slowly,
  forcing the two lines of slaves to follow. Wondering what might happen if one
  of us were to fall, what with our wrists behind our backs and our collars and
  all, I concentrated very hard on keeping my balance. The slave driving the
  car glanced back very often for the same reason, but obviously all the other
  slaves were doing as I was, because he didn't have to stop, despite keeping
  up a brisk walking pace and once or twice even speeding up to a slow jog. 
After a 'journey' of three or four hundred yards along a grassy lane between
  trees and shrubs, we emerged onto a sunlit lawn in front of a large low-lying
  building. As we came closer, I saw a number of people sitting in comfortable
  chairs under the verandah, and among them was my Mistress! The slave driving
  the car slowed it to a very slow walk passing in front of them, and I suddenly
  realized that we slaves were 'on parade'! 
I didn't know what was expected of me, so I simply held myself straight as
  we walked by, but I noticed that the slave-girl beside me, leading the other
  line, seemed to drop just a tiny curtsy. For their part, the group of Masters
  and Mistresses seemed hardly to glance at the two lines of naked slaves as
  we passed -- but I did hear some comments that might  have
  referred to us! 
Once we had all passed, the car led us down to a lower level of the lawn,
  where a few more officers stood waiting beside the first of a large semi-circle
  of posts. The car stopped for a few seconds, then moved a little further before
  stopping again: during one of these stops, I had time to look around, and saw
  that slaves were being released one by one from the rear of the lines and fastened
  to the posts by their wrist cuffs. As I was at the front of my line, I was
  the last to be released -- only I wasn't released, at least not then. Instead,
  with only me in tow, the car returned to the verandah, and it was my Mistress
  herself who came to release my collar. 
&quot;Hello, slave!&quot; she greeted me brightly. &quot;I hope you had a
  pleasant trip here. Now it's time for you to meet some very important people.&quot; Leading
  me towards an older and very distinguished-looking couple, she went on, &quot;I
  hope I don't need to tell you how to behave or how to address them, to make
  me proud of you.&quot; 
A moment later we were facing this couple and now she spoke to them: &quot;Lord
  and Lady Ruthven, may I present my slave for your inspection?&quot; Hoping
  I was doing the right thing, I dropped to my knees. 
&quot;Delighted!&quot; said the woman. &quot;He seems to know his place well
  enough. Do you mind if I give him a few orders and ask him some questions?&quot; 
&quot;Not at all!&quot; was my Mistress' prompt reply. 
&quot;Come stand here, slave!&quot; ordered the woman. &quot;Legs apart...
  good!&quot; I obeyed, positioning myself where she indicated between her and
  her companion, with my legs well apart and well within reach of them both:
  as was only to be expected, their hands began to run casually, but very intimately
  and expertly, over my naked body. They also asked me a few questions and, not
  having caught their full names and with my Mistress behind me and so unable
  to give me any cues, I decided to address them as &quot;M'lord&quot; and &quot;Milady&quot;,
  which they didn't seem to mind. 
When I told them my name, the man said, &quot;Ah yes, you're the slave who
  wrote the diary of your first cruise and your visit to the island.&quot; The
  woman chimed in with &quot;Are you enjoying your slavery, now that it's full-time?&quot; and
  I replied honestly, &quot;Yes, Milady, very much!&quot; 
It was a slightly strange feeling -- yet another new kind of humiliation --
  being fondled like this by two people old enough to be my parents, if not grandparents!
  They seemed the sort of people one would expect to be very proper and to disapprove
  of nakedness and such-like: and they were , in their very
  refined speech and proper manners, yet far from disapproving, they were clearly
  taking pleasure in my nakedness! I wasn't really surprised when my cock reacted
  by getting hard, thanks not only to their hands on it but also to my thoughts
  of how total was my Mistress' control over me, that she could so easily put
  me a position like this. 
My reaction didn't go unnoticed, and the man said with a smile, &quot;It seems
  you enjoy being handled by old fogeys like us, eh, slave?&quot; 
Deciding that honesty was the best policy, I replied, &quot;Well, M'lord,
  it's really exciting for me to feel so much in my Mistress' power...&quot; 
&quot;What?&quot; interrupted the woman, &quot;Our touch isn't exciting?&quot; But
  her tone and expression said that her outrage was feigned, as did her next
  words: &quot;No, don't answer that, we can understand how you feel... but let
  me tell you, we  still get a lot of pleasure from looking
  at and handling the younger bodies of naked slaves like you! And now, Mistress
  Tina,&quot; she turned to my Mistress, &quot;perhaps it's time for your slave
  to join the others.&quot; 
&quot;You nearly said the wrong thing there, didn't you?&quot; murmured my
  Mistress as she led me down to the lawn. &quot;Don't worry, I'm quite sure
  they weren't really insulted... and I'm very pleased with your behaviour and
  your answers to their questions! But now I'll leave you here with the crew
  slaves for the afternoon's fun and games: later I have a big surprise for you!...&quot; 
She fastened me to a post in the same way as all the others -- our wrists
  held behind our backs with cuffs and joined to the posts by a very short chain
  -- before she spoke again. To me she said, &quot;You have permission to talk
  quietly to these slaves; and...&quot; to the nearby slaves, &quot;... you may
  tell my slave anything he asks about.&quot; A warm smile, a quick but possessive
  caress, and she was gone, returning to the verandah -- but not, I noticed,
  without giving several other helpless and available slaves a brief fondle on
  her way! 
I and the slaves nearby started to chat, and I learned quite a lot in a short
  time: that this was the headquarters of the company that ran the cruise ship;
  that most of the crew would be here for a week's break while maintenance work
  was done on the ship, leaving only a skeleton crew on board; that this afternoon's
  main event was a traditional 'inspection' of the crew slaves for the pleasure
  of Milord and Milady; that their title -- a real one! -- was Lord and Lady
  Ruthven, and they were the largest shareholders in the cruise company; that
  they owned this enormous house and its extensive grounds, which could accommodate
  the whole crew easily and had plenty of facilities for bondage, slavery and
  discipline; and that, although some officers would be taking their slaves away
  for a holiday, most would be spending the week here, enjoying the owner/slave
  activities they all loved without the responsibilities of the ship and passengers. 
During the better part of two hours, the golf car made several trips, each
  time bringing more naked crew slaves, all of whom were fastened exactly as
  I was until all the posts on the lawn were 'occupied'. By now I had discovered
  how neatly our shackles were designed: the height of the posts and the shortness
  of the chain were such that we could stand quite comfortably, but it was almost
  impossible to turn around; it was also possible to kneel, and some slaves did
  so for a few minutes' change, but then their wrists were held high up their
  backs and quite severely; to sit down, however, was impossible -- unless one
  were some kind of contortionist! 
It must have been quite a sight, I guessed, for the people sitting on the
  verandah: at least 80 or 90 naked bodies on display in the sunlit surroundings
  of green lawn and trees and flowering shrubs; and every one of those bodies
  facing them, each with tits and pussies or cocks in full view! As for those
  enjoying this view, finally there were about 40 sitting in comfort, all dressed
  smartly but casually: most had arrived on a couple of trips made by another
  bus, but some seemed to have come independently. Although one or two were new
  faces to me, I recognized nearly all of them as officers -- just as most of
  the naked bodies on the lawn were familiar as crew slaves. 
Suddenly, Lord Ruthven stood up... and an immediate silence fell. &quot;Ladies
  and gentlemen,&quot; he adressed his companions on the verandah in his beautifully
  cultured voice. &quot;And slaves,&quot; he went on, turning to us on the lawn. &quot;Welcome
  home to The Three Ms! 
&quot;A few of you haven't been here before, this being your first end-of-tour
  break, and we also have a guest slave with us: so, for those who may not know
  what that name means, 'The Three Ms' stands for 'The Masters' and Mistresses'
  Mansions'. It is our home, and it's home for any or all of you who wish to
  stay when you are not aboard ship: there's room for us all, and all the facilities
  we need to enjoy those activities we all love so much! 
&quot;My Lady and I,&quot; he continued, &quot;look forward eagerly to these
  weeks between your tours of duty on cruises: they are the times we can get
  our fill of the sight of sexy naked bodies of you slaves all around the place;
  and, if your owners agree, we can also get to play with some of you ourselves!
  We may be getting old,&quot; he smiled, &quot;but many of you know we can still
  make your slavery enjoyable, exciting and... ah... shall we say interesting ?
  Isn't that so?&quot; 
There was a chorus of &quot;Oh yes, Lord Ruthven!&quot; and &quot;Yes sir!&quot; from
  the slaves on the lawn, and there was no doubt at all that they meant it. Lord
  Ruthven acknowledged the compliment with a genteel inclinataion of his head
  before continuing. 
&quot;We especially enjoy this little gathering, this tradition so kindly
  kept up by the officers to cater to our little whim: namely, to inspect the
  ship's crew after each tour, and to satisfy ourselves that you are all fit
  and well -- and as sexy as ever! We'll come to that inspection shortly, but
  before we do.... 
&quot;Sometimes,&quot; he went on in a tone that was almost sad, &quot;this
  gathering is also an occasion for less pleasant matters, as we review the performance
  of the ship's company during the tour. I regret to say that, this time, one
  of the crew slaves has been accused of 'conduct unbecoming a member of the
  crew'.&quot; His voice was quiet, but the loud gasp from the slaves around
  me indicated that this must be a pretty serious matter. 
Lord Ruthven gave a signal and, from just out of sight of us slaves, the golf
  car appeared, with a single male slave following: he was attached to the car
  by a metal collar and chain, much heavier than the one used on me, there were
  cuffs and an equally heavy chain on his ankles, and his wrists were held high
  up behind his back by another chain to the back of the collar. He stumbled
  slowly after the car until he was directly in front of Lord Ruthven, where
  an officer unhooked the chain from the car and made him kneel. 
&quot;Slave,&quot; said Lord Ruthven, and now his voice was vibrant with authority, &quot;the
  Captain has informed us of the accusation made against you, and has told us
  that you are aware of it. Now, if you admit to it, there will be no need for
  the evidence to be made public and nobody will need to know any more about
  it. What is your answer?&quot; 
Humbly, but loudly and clearly enough to be heard across the lawn, the slave
  replied, &quot;Please, Lord Ruthven, I'm guilty and I apologize for the trouble
  I've caused.&quot; 
&quot;It's good to see a slave,&quot; responded Lord Ruthven approvingly, &quot;who
  is ready to admit his faults. Lady Ruthven and I will now decide on your sentence:
  you will remain kneeling.&quot; An expectant silence hung over the whole audience
  while Lord and Lady Ruthven conferred very quietly for what seemed ages, but
  was probably less than five minutes. 
Finally, Lady Ruthven faced the kneeling slave and spoke in very formal tones: &quot;Slave,
  you have admitted behaving in a manner unbecoming to a member of the ship's
  crew. Your sentence is as follows: one, you will be bound in a humiliating
  way and whipped by Lord Ruthven and myself in front of everyone present here;
  two, you will remain bound during the afternoon's activities, and be available
  for touching by both officers and  slaves; three, you will
  spend the full week confined alone in a cell, and shackled to prevent you giving
  yourself pleasure; four, you will receive additional punishment twice daily
  from any officer who wishes to do so, privately or publicly at their discretion;
  five, each night you will be at the disposal of Lord Ruthven or myself or any
  officer we may offer you to; lastly, you will be on probation during the next
  cruise, under the very strict supervision of an officer to be nominated by
  Lord Ruthven, the Captain and myself.&quot; 
She paused, as if to let the full severity of these penalties sink in; but
  I couldn't help noticing that she did not  ask the slave if
  he was willing to accept his punishment. &quot;Now,&quot; she went on at last, &quot;since
  no particular officer owns you, you may beg an officer of your choice to see
  that your punishments are not too severe: otherwise, will you accept one that
  we appoint?&quot; 
The slave seemed to hesitate for a moment, then said something that we on
  the lawn couldn't hear. A lady officer came forward and spoke briefly with
  Lady Ruthven, who then announced, &quot;Very well, this officer has agreed
  to your request, which has effectively made her your owner for the week of
  your sentence: she will see to your confinement, and you will accept without
  complaint whatever restraints she chooses for you; she will either give you
  your twice-daily punishments herself, or hand you over to other officers who
  wish to assist her, and her approval of your punishments will be final, without
  appeal from you; and the first approval she will give, is for the public penalty
  we propose now!&quot; 
During this formal little speech, I watched the officer: she was looking down
  at the slave who was now in her charge, and her expression was a mixture of
  excitement, anticipation and... yes, glee! I wondered for a moment whether
  the slave might come to regret his request, but somehow I had the feeling that
  he might find himself quite enjoying the week ahead, despite the apparent severity
  of his 'sentence'. 
Lord Ruthven, Lady Ruthven and the officer now turned their backs on the slave
  for a minute or so, obviously conferring in low voices so that he would not
  be able to hear. Then the officer, with the assistance of two others, arranged
  the slave for his first penalty: leading him down to the lawn, they placed
  him in the exact centre of the semicircle of slaves, removed his collar and
  wrist shackles and made him lie on his back with his head towards us. Next
  they stretched his arms above his head in a wide Vee and fixed his wrists there
  with what could best be called 'stakes'. 
In view of how they were used later, a little more detail of these 'stakes'
  would be appropriate: made of metal, they were more than three feet long, the
  lower half of which consisted of sharp double spikes. These were placed on
  each side of each of the slave's wrists, then hammered into the ground until
  those wrists were held down -- inescapably but not painfully. The upper part
  of the stakes formed two posts, the purpose of which soon became clear: releasing
  the slave's ankles from the metal cuffs and refastening them into padded cuffs,
  each attached to a pole about four feet long, the officers then lifted his
  legs high, pulled them over his head and pushed the free ends of the poles
  into sockets in the stakes holding his wrists. 
The poles must have been made of flexible but strong steel; although they
  bent under the weight, they still held the slave's legs well up and widely
  spread. He now rested on his shoulders, and his naked body was arched in a
  most vulnerable and shaming pose; between his spread thighs, his crotch pointed
  at the open sky; his cock, in a state of semi-erection, dangled down over his
  belly as if trying to reach its owner's face; and his bum, obviously, was totally
  available for the whipping I felt certain was to come. 
Lord and Lady Ruthven now came down to the lawn, spent a moment inspecting
  his bondage, then took up their positions with short whips in their hands.
  The target, however, was not his bum: instead, with great skill and accuracy,
  they methodically whipped his legs from ankle to crotch. We other slaves, watching
  with interest, could see the action from various angles -- the two arms swinging
  up and down in time with each other, or the whips curling around the slave's
  legs -- but the slave himself would have seen only the arms appearing between
  his legs, just before the whips snapped down! 
They started just above -- or, since his legs were inverted, below -- his
  ankles, both whips landing at the same time, and steadily worked their way
  towards his crotch. Part way there, and without missing a beat, they began
  to alternate their blows to ensure their whips would not get in each other's
  way. The slave took his whipping well, only grunting once or twice as the weals
  marched side-by-side along his calves and then along his thighs: but the grunts
  grew more frequent and louder as the whips landed on the tender flesh of his
  inner thighs close to his crotch. The final few strokes brought the loudest
  cries, but perhaps this was less from actual pain than from fear of what might
  happen: these fell almost vertically, striking first the tautly stretched tendons
  at the join of his legs and crotch, missed his balls by the tiniest of margins
  and snapped down his belly parallel to his hanging cock and only inches away
  from it! 
Finally the whipping stopped, and Lord and Lady Ruthven came to stand at the
  sides of the slave where they could look down into his face. &quot;You've taken
  this part of your sentence well,&quot; said Lord Ruthven, &quot;and we trust
  you will take the rest in the same way. By its end, we're sure you will really
  understand how seriously we take our slaves' proper behaviour. Now, there's
  more to come of this afternoon's punishment....&quot; 
He raised his voice to include all the watching slaves. &quot;When you other
  slaves are freed from your posts, you have our permission to come and touch
  this slave in any way you like!&quot; To the slave at his feet, he went on, &quot;Your
  caretaker officer will stay nearby, to see that no-one gets nasty and really
  hurts you. The real lesson for you is to suffer the deepest humiliation, of
  being handled and teased and so on by mere slaves like yourself -- and this
  pose does make your naked body so nicely available! -- and we trust you will
  learn better the humility we expect towards owners.&quot; As he spoke, he and
  his lady both ran their hands up and down his taut legs, then all over his
  bum, crotch, cock and balls. 
&quot;And now,&quot; said Lady Ruthven, &quot;it's time for us to give our
  attention to all these other slaves, who we know have behaved properly  on
  the cruise!&quot; She and Lord Ruthven each went to one end of the crescent
  of shackled slaves, then made their way towards the centre: they spent a minute
  or so with each slave, chatting as well as fondling the naked bodies made so
  available by the nature of their shackles. To some they gave just a pat or
  two, others they handled thoroughly and intimately, and they seemed to know
  every slave by name. 
As for the slaves, they seemed really to appreciate this attention: Lord and
  Lady Ruthven may have been well past middle age, but it was clear that they
  both still knew how to make their caresses interesting and exciting. I happened
  to be on the half of the crescent 'handled' by Lord Ruthven, and I can vouch
  for the murmurs of pleasure from nearby female slaves as his hands roamed over
  their tits and bums, played with their nipples and crept between their thighs.
  And when he reached me, I found his touch as skilfull as a very experienced
  woman... and as arousing! 
Behind them followed two officers, who released each slave from his or her
  post. The first few were sent into the house and began to bring out trestle
  tables, tablecloths, plate after plate of delicious-looking food, bottles of
  wine and elegant glasses: by the time all the slaves had been 'inspected' and
  released, all was ready for the very pleasant 'garden party' that occupied
  the rest of the afternoon. It had a style that was in keeping with the genteel
  manner of Lord and Lady Ruthven -- except for the one glaring incongruity,
  that hardly anybody but I seemed to notice: although some of the 'guests' were
  wearing the appropriate clothing, at least two-thirds were stark naked! 
The atmosphere was quite different from that aboard the ship, because all
  the slaves were free to wander about and mix with the officers, chatting with
  them almost as equals. Almost, but not quite! There were still subtle but definite
  distinctions, beginning of course with their respective states of un/dress:
  some areas were clearly 'reserved' for officers, and no slave entered them;
  officers occasionally fondled slaves as they chatted, but never vice versa
  (yet it seemed to happen only when the slave 'invited' it); and slaves served
  officers with food and drink, but this too appeared voluntary, without any
  orders being given. 
Soon after I was released from my post, my Mistress took me 'under her wing':
  I appreciated this, because we were the only real guests present, and without
  her guidance I would have been unsure of what was expected. We ate and drank
  and chatted with a number of officers and slaves, and in short enjoyed ourselves
  as we would have at any garden party. 
I was fascinated by the one exception in this crowd of eating, drinking and
  cheerfully chatting people: the helpless figure of the slave who'd been punished
  earlier. In a way, of course, his punishment was still going on, and I got
  my Mistress' permission to watch for a while, as quite a few slaves took advantage
  of the offer Lord Ruthven had made. Under the watchful eye of his 'caretaker',
  they tickled, stroked and pinched his naked body, ran their nails gently over
  the tender weals on his legs, and especially fondled his bum and crotch and
  cock and balls, all helplessly suspended at such a convenient height. A few
  female slaves teased him even further by crouching or kneeling over his head,
  putting their pussies within inches of his face while they caressed his cock. 
Having gained some idea of what was allowed, I asked my Mistress if I might
  take my turn too: her reply sounded almost surprised, &quot;Of course -- go
  right ahead!&quot; So I had the opportunity to enjoy the strangely exciting
  sensation of touching that helpless slave in any intimate way I wanted, my
  hands exploring his captive and utterly vulnerable nakedness. I discovered,
  however, that what really turned me on was imagining myself ,
  as it were, in his shoes! 
After a couple of hours or so, the garden party began to break up. Some officers
  and their slaves -- now dressed -- drove away, for private holidays or to visit
  other friends during the week's break between cruises. Without any signal that
  I noticed, the relative freedom we slaves had enjoyed seemed to end quite suddenly,
  with officers issuing orders for the tables to be cleared away. My Mistress
  led me into the enormous house, to the room assigned to her for our stay. 
It was a very comfortable guest-room, with deep carpet and a window over-looking
  a pleasant garden. However, I wasn't in the least surprised to see more than
  a few solid-looking rings fixed strategically in the floor, walls and ceiling.
  The bed, I noticed, was easily large enough for two, and there was no sign
  of the kind of slave pallet I'd become rather used to. My Mistress saw me looking
  at the bed and smiled, guessing at my thoughts. 
&quot;I'll have to decide where to let you sleep tonight, won't I?&quot; she
  said. &quot;On the bed... or on the floor, the carpet should be quite soft
  enough for you... or maybe...&quot; -- she slid aside a panel in the wall -- &quot;...
  in here!&quot; Behind the panel was the heavily barred entrance to a cell,
  big enough to stand up in but with a floor area too small to lie full-length:
  somehow, I felt I didn't need to guess what she would choose! 
After spending the afternoon in the sun, she wanted a bath: as usual, I had
  to help her undress and then bathe her in the luxurious bathroom provided.
  As I was gently patting her dry afterwards, she said conversationally that
  the sight of all us slaves on display, shackled to our individual posts, had
  really turned her on, and that the pleasure of a bath with a naked slave to
  wash her had added to her arousal. Nothing more needed to be said and, when
  she lay down on the bed and spread her legs ever so slightly, I took the hint
  and began to use my lips and tongue as she'd been training me. 
Two or three gentle, but obviously very enjoyable, climaxes later, she told
  me to go take a shower myself while she dressed. When I returned from the bathroom,
  she was wearing an outfit that, while casual, was so smart as to be almost
  formal. Now, for the first time since my release from my post before the garden
  party, she shackled me again -- my arms behind my back wrist-to-elbow, a chain
  between my legs to a cock-ring, and a fifteen-inch hobble chain between ankle
  cuffs. 
There was a knock at the door, and my Mistress opened it... to reveal Master
  Paul standing outside. I suddenly realized that I'd been so distracted by the
  day's events, that I'd forgotten all about Helen: obviously, she must be here
  somewhere, and I now started to wonder what she'd been doing and why she wasn't
  with Master Paul. I knew better than to ask any questions without permission,
  and neither my Mistress or Master Paul seemed about to enlighten me: however,
  I did learn a good deal quite soon. 
They went to a small, comfortable lounge, where they were served drinks by
  a crew slave. I was made to kneel between their chairs and, as well as the
  odd casual caress, I was even given a few sips from their glasses while they
  chatted. It turned out that the reason we hadn't seen Master Paul or Helen
  at the garden party was that they had been finalizing the details of their
  becoming employees of the Company that owned and ran the cruise ship. 
As for Master Paul himself, these details involved his salary and the repayment
  of the loan my Mistress had made to him, as well as his duties as an officer.
  As for Helen, the details were quite different, and hardly what would normally
  be termed 'employment': they had spent some time with the Company's lawyers,
  drawing up and signing her formal -- if maybe not legally enforcable -- submission
  into crew slavery, involving matters like the limits on her treatment, and
  so on. Master Paul showed his great pride in the level of committment that
  Helen had agreed to: &quot;She asked for hardly any limitations on how she
  could be treated,&quot; he said, &quot;and none at all on any punishments for
  real misbehaviour or disobedience. 'If I disobey,' she told them, 'I'll deserve
  whatever punishments my Master or any other officer thinks is proper'. 
&quot;And when it came to deciding the term of her slavery,&quot; he went
  on, fairly glowing with pride, &quot;she insisted that it's dependent only
  on how long I am employed as an officer! The lawyers had to work hard to persuade
  her even to put a 'period of non-negotiation' in the agreement: eventually
  we settled on a full year, which I gather is longer than most slaves agree
  to, during which the conditions, limits and so on of her slavery are fixed;
  after that, there'll be another meeting, where she may ask for her conditions
  to be changed -- but not , mind you, for her slavery to end.
  She was adamant that that is my decision alone, and she said she hopes I never
  make it! 
&quot;Just between you and me,&quot; he grinned at my Mistress, &quot;I think
  the lawyers were just a little turned on by the way she behaved: insistent
  and yet so beautifully humble, and the adoring way she looked at me...! I must
  admit she turned me  on: for a while there, I was almost afraid
  I'd make a mess inside the trousers of my nice new uniform. How d'you think
  I look, by the way?&quot; He stood up to let my Mistress and me admire it,
  and pointed out something I hadn't noticed before: although it was new and
  very smart, it bore no insignia of rank or anything like that. 
&quot;This wait is making me nervous,&quot; he said as he sat down again. &quot;I
  wonder when they'll ask me to come in for the formalities.&quot; It was then
  that I realized exactly why my Mistress had been invited here: it was as Master
  Paul's guest at his official start as an officer, and Helen's as a crew slave! 
As it happened, we didn't have long to wait. A lady officer came in and politely
  requested Master Paul -- &quot;and your guest&quot; -- to come with her. I
  made to stand up, too, but my Mistress stopped me with a gesture: &quot;This
  part is for officers only,&quot; she said with a smile, &quot;and I'm only
  an invited guest. You'll have to stay here and wait until I fetch you, when
  the other slaves are allowed in.&quot; She clipped a chain that was hanging
  from a hook in the wall, to my wrists and went on, &quot;Make yourself comfortable,
  but not on the chairs: in this room, those are for Masters and Mistresses only.&quot; 
I waited there for at least an hour, with no way of escaping -- although I
  knew the chain on my wrists wasn't locked in any way. My wait was made tolerable,
  however, when the slave waitress came in to clear the glasses and stayed to
  chat for quite a while. &quot;There's nothing much to do, anyway,&quot; she
  told me, &quot;with all the officers in the meeting, and no slaves allowed
  in, even to serve drinks!&quot; 
She was a pretty girl and pleasant company, even without the pleasure of feasting
  my eyes on the curves of her naked figure. I asked her if she knew what was
  happening in the meeting: she replied, &quot;No, except that Master Paul is
  being commissioned as an officer&quot;. As to what would be happening later,
  when slaves would be present, &quot;Yes, I've been there,&quot; she said, &quot;but
  I'm not going to tell you anything. Surprises are so much more fun, don't you
  think?&quot; A lovely smile accompanied this last, and I had to smile in agreement. 
At last my Mistress returned, and led me into a large room, where about forty
  or fifty officers were sitting at small tables arranged around the walls. She
  sat down at one of these, motioning me to kneel nearby. For several minutes
  there was a stream of slaves entering through several doors: some took their
  places, like me, beside certain officers, while others knelt in neat rows in
  the space between the tables; eventually there must have been at least a hundred
  of them, and some I was certain I hadn't seen before. 
Eventually, Lady Ruthven stood up from a table at one end of the room, mounted
  a small platform there, and said, &quot;Slaves, welcome to the commissioning
  of a new officer. I think most of you already know him; however, I now formally
  present him -- Officer Paul!&quot; From the table she'd just left, Master Paul
  joined her on the platform, his uniform now carrying the badges denoting his
  rank and responsiblities. 
As he faced the room, Lady Ruthven's hand made a signal. In unison, all the
  crew slaves chorused, &quot;Welcome aboard, Officer Paul. We are at your service,
  and we promise to obey your orders.&quot; 
&quot;A nice welcome from the crew, don't you think?&quot; Lady Ruthven asked
  Officer Paul. &quot;Would you like to say something in response, to all the
  crew slaves?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, if I may,&quot; said Officer Paul. &quot;Thank you, slaves, for
  your welcome. I'm sure I'll enjoy being an officer on a ship with such a fine
  crew, and I especially look forward to some... ah... more personal contact
  with many of you!&quot; 
&quot;Well spoken!&quot; was Lady Ruthven's comment. &quot;In fact, you'll
  have an opportunity (briefly!) for more personal contact with all  the
  crew slaves here this evening -- right now! Stay here on the platform, please,
  and they will come forward in turn: the first will formally make the crew slaves'
  promise to you as an officer, but to save time the others will simply kneel
  to symbolize his or her own making of that promise. However, if you wish any
  individual slaves to convince you of their sincerity, you may ask them to repeat
  the promise in full. You may also take immediate advantage of the final part
  of the promise, but I suggest that there'll be plenty of time for that in the
  future.&quot; 
She stepped down from the paltform. This seemed to be a cue for the nearest
  crew slave to step forward, kneel on the edge of the platform in front of Officer
  Paul, and say, &quot;I'm crew slave Barbie, Sir. I promise to obey you, as
  an officer. If I cannot do so, because of any previous order given to me by
  another officer, which may override yours according to Ship's Regulations,
  I will respectfully refer you to that officer for confirmation. I am aware
  that any disobedience of your orders, when the running of the ship or the enjoyment
  of the passengers is concerned, will be punishable as determined by Ship's
  Regulations, or by the Captain or First Officer: any other disobedience will
  be punishable as decided by you. When I am off-duty, my naked body will be
  freely available to you -- subject to the agreement of my owner, Officer Norman
  -- for any treatment you may wish, within the limits set down in Slave Regulations
  or recorded in my Slave file. At all times, with no exception but urgent ship's
  business, I will submit my naked body for your inspection and handling.&quot; 
Here Lady Ruthven's voice came in smoothly: &quot;If you wish to avail yourself
  of this final offer, simply make the 'stand up' gesture; otherwise, or after
  your inspection, give the signal to dismiss the slave. Each following slave
  will state his or her name and wait for these signals.&quot; 
It was no surprise, since this was the very first slave, to see Officer Paul
  give the 'stand up' gesture: instantly, the slave -- a very shapely black-haired
  girl -- stood up, spread her legs a little and clasped her hands behind her
  neck in the so-familiar pose. Officer Paul spent ten or fifteen seconds cupping
  his hands possessively over her large breasts and rolling their nipples in
  his fingers; then he gave the dismissal signal and she went back to her place,
  only to have her place in front of him taken by the next slave. 
Officer Paul obviously enjoyed himself enormously, having so many naked slaves
  in turn kneeling at his feet to signify their submission and their implied
  promise of obedience, then -- if he wished -- displaying themselves and accepting
  the inspection of his eyes or the touch of his hands. He didn't waste time
  -- there were a lot of slaves to get through -- but occasionally he made a
  slave repeat the formal promise, word for word, or fondled a female slave's
  tits or pussy or a male slave's cock or balls. 
His audience of officers and slaves enjoyed watching this 'ceremony' too,
  while chatting softly to each other and sipping drinks served by slaves not
  waiting their turn to kneel and submit to him. I must say I enjoyed it, and
  not only what my eyes saw: part of my enjoyment came from the excitement of
  imagining myself as one of the slaves making this promise of obedience. Somehow,
  my Mistress seemed to read my thoughts, because she asked me if I was feeling
  left out: I replied, &quot;Yes, Mistress, in a way; but at the moment I'm quite
  happy to remain your slave alone&quot;... which I think pleased her a little! 
When the last slave had performed in this ritual, Lord Ruthven stood up and
  said cheerfully, &quot;Well, Officer Paul, now that you've met all the crew
  slaves that are here at the moment, you may like to rejoin your fellow-officers
  and your guest. But before you go, I should mention that we have a small tradition
  to make new officers feel welcome: you are free to choose any slave that takes
  your fancy, to spend the night with tonight -- with their owner's agreement,
  of course, but we tend to frown on that being witheld. Take your time to decide,
  of course, and just let me know if you'd like to have another look at one or
  two who interest you.&quot; 
My Mistress greeted Officer Paul with a smile as he returned to her table
  and sat down. &quot;It must feel good,&quot; she said, &quot;to have all these
  slaves promising their obedience -- and their bodies -- to you. And your choice
  of wenches for the night, too! Any idea which you'll choose?&quot; Their light-hearted
  banter went on, but over my head, because I'd just realized that Helen wasn't
  with Officer Paul: I wondered where she could be, but I very soon found out. 
After a short delay, Lord Ruthven stood up to make another announcement: &quot;Now
  we come to the next part of tonight's ceremonies, no less important than the
  one just completed and in some ways even more fun. Today we are accepting two
  new slaves for our crew...&quot; And from behind a curtain beside the platform,
  two officers led out, by means of leashes and collars, two figures, one male
  and one female. 
I recognized Helen, despite the large blindfold covering much of her face.
  The male was also blindfolded, and they both had their arms held stiffly behind
  their backs, with their wrists and elbows strapped tightly and with chains
  leading from their wrists to short hobbles and ankle cuffs. I was a little
  surprised to see them both dressed -- Helen in a simple white gown covering
  her from neck almost to ankles, the male in plain white t-shirt and trousers
  -- but I guessed they wouldn't be staying that way for long! 
Nor was I mistaken. Helen and her companion were made to face the audience,
  now quiet and watching with intent interest, and Lord Ruthven spoke to them
  in his cultured voice. &quot;I am speaking to two candidates who are standing
  blindfolded in front of me; I say this so that you can have no doubt that what
  I say refers to you. You don't know exactly what is about to happen to you,
  but you should have a pretty good idea: if so, and if you are willing to submit
  to it, I want you to say, 'Yes, sir'.&quot; 
Immediately, and almost as if they had rehearsed it, Helen and her companion
  gave the requested reply. &quot;Good,&quot; said Lord Ruthven approvingly, &quot;now...&quot;,
  and he nodded to the officers who accompanied each 'candidate'. The officers
  produced large wicked-looking knives and, grasping their charges' clothing
  at the neck, gently touched the points of their knives to the skin of their
  charges' throats; then, in what seemed like a single stroke of the obviously
  very sharp knives, they skilfully slit their clothing down the front from top
  to bottom. 
The male's t-shirt was pulled open first, revealing just his chest; but then
  Helen's dress was pulled aside to show the whole of her gorgeous body, with
  the minimal coverings of bra and brief panties. Quickly, the officers slit
  the sleeves of her dress and his shirt to remove them completely, then went
  on, in Helen's case, to insert the knife between her tits and remove her bra
  with one sharp tug, and in the male's case, to slit his trousers open down
  both legs and the front, rendering him naked except for brief underpants. With
  a fine sense for the theatrical, the other officer had waited, so that they
  both 'attacked' one last item of clothing at the same time. 
Carefully, and with dramatic slowness, each knife was inserted down the front
  of each pair of briefs, until its full length was between each set of private
  parts and their last coverings: in Helen's case, I could clearly see, it was
  easy simply to slide the blunt side of the knife right down the slit of her
  pussy until its tip actually pierced the briefs well between her legs; but
  the other officer had to be careful to avoid the bulge of her subject's cock,
  now starting to swell, and his balls! Both officers paused when they were ready;
  then a sharp yank slit both briefs wide open, followed by two more very skillful
  moves to cut the leg bands, and the briefs simply fell off. 
Both 'candidates' were now totally naked, but the officers weren't finished
  yet: inserting the knives between Helen's and her companion's legs, they used
  the flat sides to tap gently but insistently on the insides of their knees,
  until both had spread their legs as far apart as their hobbles allowed. The
  effect was dramatic, because the chains from their wrists to their hobbles
  were short enough to make them both arch their shoulders back and their hips
  forward. The officers stood aside, and the naked bodies of the two candidates'
  were displayed for all to feast their eyes on. 
As always, Helen's body was  a feast for my eyes, but now
  it seemed to look even better: it had clearly been bathed, powdered and even
  'made up' to accentuate her sexy curves, her pussy hair had been trimmed to
  a neat shape, and her nipples were tinted a deep glossy red. She looked magnificent!
  At the sight of her, my cock started to get hard -- and I strongly suspect
  that many other cocks in the room did too, owners' and slaves' alike. Being
  heterosexual, I wasn't affected at all by the naked male body beside Helen,
  but I did happen to notice my Mistress' eyes dwelling intently on it, and I
  guess I could understand why: he was well-built and well-muscled but lean at
  the same time, with a deep even tan with no pale patches at all; interestingly,
  his pubic hair was completely shaved, making his fairly large cock appear even
  bigger as his erection lifted its head to point over the heads of the audience. 
Lord Ruthven waited for a minute or so to let everyone look their fill, then
  he spoke again. &quot;Well, candidates, your outward appearance is not at all
  bad! Now I'll speak to you individually; when you are touched, you will answer
  the questions put to you and obey my instructions exactly.&quot; Stepping in
  front of Helen, he put one hand on one of her breasts, cupped her pussy with
  the other, and began a series of questions. 
&quot;Who are you?&quot; was the first. 
&quot;Slave Helen, sir,&quot; was the slightly quavery reply. 
&quot;Who owns you, slave?&quot; 
&quot;Master Paul, sir.&quot; 
&quot;He has another title now -- try again.&quot; 
&quot;Er... Officer Paul, sir?&quot; 
&quot;Right. Now, why are you here?&quot; 
&quot;My Master... er... my owner wants me to become a crew slave.&quot; 
&quot;Are you here only because your owner wishes it?&quot; 
&quot;No, sir. I want it too.&quot; 
&quot;Good. Now, before we can accept you as a crew mamber: have you read
  and understood the rules for crew slavery?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, sir.&quot; 
&quot;And have you signed, without coercion and of your own free will, a legal
  agreement, defining the term, conditions and limitations of your slavery?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, sir.&quot; 
&quot;Are you prepared to stand by that agreement, and accept all its conditions
  without any complaint until its term is over?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, sir.&quot; 
&quot;Very well. You will now kneel in front of me and say, loudly and clearly,
  the formal submission to slavery and your promise of total obedience, in the
  words you have memorized. You will say them to me, as the major shareholder
  in the Company that owns the ship you will serve on, and therefore as its most
  senior officer, if not on active duty: but remember, by saying them to me,
  your submission and your promise will apply to all  officers,
  from the Captain down. Begin.&quot; While he spoke, the officer beside Helen
  helped her gently to drop to her knees. 
Helen's voice was much firmer now, and it carried clearly to the furthest
  corners of the room. &quot;I, slave Helen,&quot; she said, &quot;hereby offer
  myself for slavery, as the property of the Company and to serve on the crew,
  as defined in the agreement I have signed. I promise to obey your orders, and
  those of all officers of the Company, unless I have been given other orders
  overriding them, according to Ship's Regulations. I understand that any misbehaviour
  or disobedience on my part will incur punishment, which I will accept as I
  deserve. When off-duty, my naked body will be the property of the Company's
  officers, collectively and singly, and therefore will be available for any
  treatment an officer may choose to give me, subject to the agreement of my
  owner, Officer Paul, and to the limits recorded in my Slave file. At all times,
  off-duty or on, where it does not affect the running of the ship, my naked
  body will be available for inspection and handling by any Company officer who
  wishes it.&quot; 
At the end of this little speech, so well spoken, Lord Ruthven paused for
  what seemed like ages bafore he replied. &quot;Good,&quot; he said, and his
  rich voice was warm with approval. &quot;I now formally accept you, crew slave
  Helen, as a slave member of this Company. My first order is: stand and offer
  your lovely naked baody for my inspection and enjoyment.&quot; 
With the help of the officer beside her, Helen regained her feet and, without
  any prompting, again spread her legs as widely as she could. Lord Ruthven took
  several minutes to thoroughly 'inspect' her slightly arched nakedness, running
  his hands over her full firm tits, her belly, hips, bum and thighs, and finally
  using the fingers of one hand to roll her nipples and of the other to explore
  her pussy and clit. 
&quot;Yes,&quot; he said finally, approval and anjoyment in every tone, &quot;you
  are indeed a valuable addition to the ranks of our crew slaves. Now, my next
  order is: you will be led to stand in front of each officer present tonight,
  where you will kneel and say simply that you, slave Helen, offer your total
  obedience to his or her orders as an officer, and your body for his or her
  enjoyment.&quot; 
Helen was breathing quite quickly after the attentions of his clever hands,
  but she replied humbly, &quot;Yes, sir,&quot; before following the tug on her
  leash, to step down from the platform and begin her tour of the room. Each
  officer, male and female alike, had her lovely body placed before him or her,
  on her knees to say the words she'd been told; and very few could resist the
  second offer, when she stood up again to arch that glorious body of hers. 
Meanwhile, Lady Ruthven was seeing to the male 'candidate'. Taking a firm
  grip of his cock, she asked essentially the same questions as Lord Ruthven
  had asked Helen: his answers were almost identical (he gave his name as Ernie)
  but he said that he had no owner and wished to join the Company as an unattached
  slave. When the questions finished, he knelt to make the same submission and
  promises as Helen had (but leaving out the bit about the owner's agreement!),
  then submitted to a similarly skilled fondling by Lady Ruthven. By the time
  his tour of the room began, his cock was bigger and harder than ever -- but
  it seemed that all the officers were clever enough not to let him come as,
  interspersed with his kneeling 'offers', they practically 'handed' him from
  one to the next by his cock! 
With both Helen and Ernie, though, they constantly varied their 'treatment',
  so that the two blindfolded new crew slaves never knew whether their nipples
  would be pinched, their bums caressed or perhaps slapped, or (in Ernie's case)
  his cock stroked or his balls fondled or even squeezed, or (in Helen's case)
  the shape of her large tits explored or her pussy hair ruffled or her clit
  tickled with a fingertip or even one or more fingers thrust deep into her cunt!
  Sometimes -- but not often! -- they weren't touched at all: not, I was certain,
  because the officer concerned wasn't interested, but rather just to play the
  game of keeping the slaves guessing. After all, they all knew there would be
  no lack of opportunities in the future to play with these new additions to
  the ranks of naked playthings! 
Officer Paul, too, joined in this spirit. When Helen, clearly unaware that
  she'd just knelt before her own Master and offered her obedience and so on,
  stood up again, he merely flicked one finger lightly on a nipple and then nodded
  to the officer to move Helen on. With Ernie, on the other hand, he took great
  pleasure in sampling the unusual sensations of his totally hairless crotch
  and cock and balls. 
The officers, who were leading the two new crew slaves around the room, recognized
  my Mistress -- no doubt by her lack of a uniform -- as a guest, and therefore
  bypassed her, with apologetic smiles. She understood the reason for this, naturally;
  and she compensated for having no chance to get her hands on Helen's and Ernie's
  naked bodies, by fondling me constantly, intimately and thoroughly -- but,
  of course, never letting me come! 
Finally, the rounds of the room were completed: the new crew slaves were led
  back to the platform, where they were made to kneel one last time to make the
  same promise and offer to the two officers who'd been 'escorting' them. And
  this time, when they stood again to present themselves for 'inspection and
  enjoyment', the offer was taken up with much more thoroughness and persistence. 
The audience watched avidly as the officer's hands steadily aroused them.
  A soft and rythmic clapping began, which grew slowly louder as the two slaves
  approached their inevitable climaxes, and an enthusiastic cheer erupted when
  first Helen cried out and arched back even further in ecstasy, then Ernie echoed
  her cry as his cock shot its load of white fluid. It wasn't hard to see the
  message being driven home: if you keep your promise to obey, and freely offer
  your naked bodies for officers' enjoyment, you will also have your reward. 
Before either of the slaves had time to 'come down', their shackles were quickly
  exchanged for a different kind of bondage: first, their ankle hobbles were
  released, but their legs were spread much more widely and fastened to rings
  in the platform; next, their arms were unbound and massaged for a while, before
  being tied to a rail at the back of the platform, loosely enough to allow them
  to hold on to it and stand in relative comfort and stability. Finally, Lord
  and Lady Ruthven again stood in front of Helen and Ernie respectively, and
  their blindfolds were removed. 
&quot;Welcome!&quot; said Lady Ruthven to them both, and her cultured voice
  was rich with real warmth. &quot;Welcome to your new lives as crew slaves in
  our Company. We say 'our Company' deliberately, because my husband and I are
  by far its largest shareholders: you haven't met us before, so we'll now introduce
  ourselves. Our names are Lord and Lady Ruthven: the title is genuine, and we
  therefore like to be addressed as 'Lord' and 'Lady' -- in fact, from crew slaves  we demand  the
  respect of always being addressed in this way!&quot; 
Lord Ruthven chimed in smoothly, saying, &quot;You have both made promises
  of total obedience to every officer in this room, individually: there are,
  of course, a few other officers not present here, but we assume you understand
  that, having earlier recited your promise in full to us, the most senior officers
  of all, you have in effect made the same promise to all  officers,
  including those not here.&quot; He didn't ask, or even wait for, any acknowlegement
  from Helen and Ernie, but went on: &quot;Naturally, we expect you to keep your
  promises until the term of slavery you agreed to is over, when you may be given
  a chance to re-negotiate a new term and perhaps some new conditions.&quot; 
&quot;Now,&quot; Lady Ruthven continued, &quot;it's time for your fellow-slaves
  to give you their own welcome into their ranks. Like the officers, not all
  of them are here tonight, but most are, and they will make you really feel
  one of them. Take over, please, Petty Officers.&quot; 
The 'escorting' officers stepped forward again. First, Officer Paul was invited
  to change tables with Lord and Lady Ruthven, so that he could be close to the
  platform: he in turn invited my Mistress to join him, and so of course I went
  too. In her inimitable fashion, Helen gave us all a brilliant smile as we took
  our places near her. Now Officer Paul was told that, when the crew slave introduced
  themselves to Helen, he -- as her owner -- might order them to caress, eat
  or even torment her for a moment or two. 
The first slave came forward at the 'escorting' officer's signal, stood in
  front of Helen and said simply, &quot;I'm slave So-and-so.&quot; Then he waited
  for a word or signal from Officer Paul. &quot;Give her a big welcome kiss,&quot; said
  Officer Paul, and the slave obeyed with unconcealed enthusiasm: when the order
  to stop was given, he moved across to give his name to Ernie and another slave
  took his place in front of Helen. 
It was great fun, at these close quarters, to watch the procession of crew
  slaves 'welcoming' Helen and Ernie! Most of them were allowed to touch the
  naked bodies of their new fellow-slaves in some way, but for a few seconds
  only: and all of them, even the one or two who were told to pinch a nipple
  or give a sharp slap, successfully conveyed a message of real warmth -- especially
  those who had to kneel and give one or other of the new slaves a very brief
  moment of oral stimulation! 
Meanwhile, some of the slaves left the room and returned to serve a light
  supper to the officers. In some ways, it was very like many other social gatherings,
  with food and drink, light conversation and a little entertainment to watch:
  in other ways, however, it was very different indeed -- the complete nakedness
  of the many slaves moving about, serving the food and drink and waiting quietly
  in the queue for their turn to introduce themselves to Helen and Ernie, the
  nakedness and bondage of the lovely woman and good-looking man at the centre
  of attention, not to speak of the blatantly erotic things done to them to provide
  the 'entertainment'! 
At the end of the crew slaves' self-introductions, Lady Ruthven came forward
  again and said, &quot;We have just one more small formality before the close
  of this evening's ceremonies. The Company likes to have its property marked
  as such, and all its slaves may be considered its property, at least for the
  term of slavery they have agreed to. Obviously, such a mark must be semi-permanent,
  and impossible for the slave  to remove. 
&quot;For you, slave Ernie, the mark will be a small tattoo high on the inside
  of your right thigh. For you, slave Helen, there is a choice -- but not for
  you to make!&quot; She turned to Officer Paul and went on, &quot;Since your
  slave indicated in the conditions of her slavery that she is willing to have
  her skin pierced if you wish it, you may select which mark she will wear: a
  similar tattoo, or a small gold ring in one nipple, or her navel, or in the
  lips of her pussy. Which would you prefer?&quot; 
I happened to be looking right at Helen as Lady Ruthven spoke, and I saw the
  expression of stunned disbelief that spread over her face. I could understand
  her surprise because, although I'd seen some crew slaves with rings in their
  nipples or other places, and had even seen a few tattoos where Lady Ruthven
  had indicated, I'd thought these were merely individual adornments -- and quite
  voluntary. As these thoughts flashed through my mind, Helen looked at Officer
  Paul and opened her mouth as if about to protest... but she closed it at the
  almost imperceptible shake of his head. 
Her eyes stayed on him, though, and she seemed to be holding her breath, as
  he considered his choice. &quot;Ah yes... well, let me see,&quot; he mused. &quot;Yes,
  I think a ring might be nice...&quot; A pause, then, &quot;Yes, definitely,
  a ring in her... left  nipple!&quot; Helen drew a deep breath,
  closing her eyes, and seemed to hold it for ages: then she let it out again,
  opened her eyes and gave Officer Paul a smile, nervous, more than a little
  tentative, but nonetheless full of love. 
Officer Paul, who must have been holding his breath too, let out big sigh,
  as if of relief, and said to my Mistress, &quot;Isn't she wonderful? We'd hardly
  ever discussed the idea of piercing, before the question had to be answered
  for the conditions of her slavery: she said yes, but I'm sure she expected
  to be able to talk it over with me before it really happened. Now she's submitted
  to it without a murmur, even though she's had no say at all!&quot; 
Helen probably heard nothing of this compliment, thanks to the flurry of activity
  on the platform. Slaves were called forward with various items of equipment,
  including a bench, on which Ernie was securely bound with his left leg drawn
  down and his right held up high: its inner thigh was thus easily accessible
  to the tattooist, a slave who took but a few minutes to place a small symbol
  there, then drew back to display it, to a smattering of applause. 
Meanwhile another slave had used a spray can on Helen's left nipple, and by
  now the intended numbing had taken effect -- as demonstrated by an officer
  giving her a very hard pinch with the points of her fingernails, with no reaction
  at all from Helen. The piercing itself happened very quickly: a slave grasped
  Helen's nipple in a pair of special forceps, and the officer pushed a very
  sharp needle right through it! Now Officer Paul was invited to come up and
  actually insert the ring itself, and to fasten its ends with tiny nuts carefully
  tightened with a special spanner: this done, he stood back with a hand cupped
  under Helen's breast, for the audience to see. 
The ring was quite small and might hardly have been noticed normally: but
  now it stood out sparkling gold against the deep red of Helen's painted aureole.
  The audience applauded again, and I could tell that the applause was not so
  much for the workmanship, as for the submission shown by these new slaves in
  accepting these signs of the Company's ownership. Helen, I think, realized
  this too: she blushed prettily and smiled, but her eyes were on Officer Paul
  alone! 
For my part, the scene was erotic in the extreme: my cock stood up as hard
  as a rock and my breathing quickened almost to a pant. Naturally, my Mistress
  noticed, leaned down to give a quick firm squeeze to my cock's head, and murmured
  with a conspiratorial smile, &quot;What a lovely idea! If it turns you on so
  much, we'll have to consider doing the same to you, won't we?&quot; 
Her question was rhetorical, I suspected: but any answer I may have been tempted
  to make was cut short by Lord Ruthven's announcement: &quot;That, ladies and
  gentlemen -- and slaves -- concludes this evening's ceremonies. I trust you've
  enjoyed them as much as I have, and are looking forward to working with our
  new fellow-officer... as well as perhaps working on  our two
  new crew slaves! I can assure you Lady Ruthven and I are looking forward to
  that! Good night to you all.&quot; 
There was a chorus of &quot;Good night&quot;s, polite from the officers and
  distinctly respectful from the slaves, and the gathering began to disperse.
  Lord and Lady Ruthven came up to the front of the room and asked Officer Paul
  if he would mind leaving Helen on the platform for a moment, as they had a
  small matter to discuss with him. He obliged, they all sat down at the table
  with my Mistress, and Lord Ruthven spoke in a voice that Helen would not be
  able to hear. 
&quot;We have a tradition,&quot; he said, &quot;of observing a quaint little
  medieval custom, a sort of 'droit de signeur' -- with newly accepted crew slaves
  rather than wives, of course! Naturally, this depends on the agreement of the
  slave's owner, but...&quot; Officer Paul started to say something like &quot;Of
  course, Lord...&quot;, but Lord Ruthven stopped him with, &quot;No, no, what
  I was about to say was: since you've invited your guest and her slave here
  to share the pleasure of the ceremonies, perhaps you'd like to spend the rest
  of the evening with them and your lovely slave. &quot;No, I insist,&quot; he
  went on as Officer Paul tried again to speak. &quot;If I may just have your
  assurance that you won't object to my exercising that privilege of my... ah,
  shall we say?... rank: perhaps tomorrow sometime? Good, I need hardly say how
  keen my anticipation will be by then!&quot; He allowed his gaze to linger,
  clearly with great pleasure, on Helen's lovely nakedness. 
&quot;It's very kind of you, my dear,&quot; murmured Lady Ruthven, &quot;to
  defer your 'droit de signeur' like this. I, on the other hand,&quot; she went
  on with a smile of pure anticipation, &quot;do not  intend
  to defer my  'droit de signora'! The slave overseer had my
  instructions in advance,&quot; she explained to my Mistress and Officer Paul, &quot;and
  by the time I reach my room, I expect to find slave Ernie waiting for me in
  a most appropriate way!&quot; 
During this conversation, Helen's fellow new slave had been released from
  his bondage and been led out -- I had simply assumed he was being taken to
  the slave quarters -- leaving Helen alone on the platform. Lord and Lady Ruthven
  smilingly bid goodnight to my Mistress and Officer Paul, and the latter now
  returned to Helen. 
My Mistress and I watched in fascination as, without a word, he released her
  wrists and, holding her at arm's length, looked deeply into her eyes. Then
  he drew her closer and put his arms around her, and her arms came up and around
  his neck as their lips met in a long deep kiss that obviously expressed a great
  deal of love. Helen arched her gorgeous naked body against his crisp new uniform,
  and his hands roamed over her back and in her hair, cupping the cheeks of her
  bottom to pull her hips even harder against his. It seemed an age before their
  lips finally parted, and he knelt to release her still widely spread ankles,
  she holding his head to keep her balance. 
Supporting her gently so that the stiffness of her legs would not betray her,
  he brought her down to join my Mistress and me: he was about to say something
  when Lord Ruthven appeared in a nearby doorway and coughed politely to attract
  his attention. Leaving Helen with us, he went across and they spoke briefly
  before he returned to invite my Mistress to join them. Left alone with my 'beloved'
  Helen, I felt strangely awkward and could think of nothing to say. 
Not so Helen. &quot;I'm so  glad you could be here, Peter!&quot; she
  said with shining eyes. &quot;Would you believe it was my  idea
  to invite Mistress Tina and you? Master Paul -- oops, he's Officer Paul now,
  isn't he? -- didn't let me tell you about it, insisted it should be a surprise:
  was it a good one? It was a bit of a surprise for me too, because he never
  told me whether Mistress Tina had accepted or not... but I thought she might! 
&quot;Amn't I lucky?&quot; she went on, the words seeming to fall over each
  other, I'm a crew slave now! D'you like my ring?&quot; She fingered it for
  a moment. &quot;It feels a bit strange, being numb right now: I wonder how
  much it'll hurt while it's healing... and what it'll feel like afterwards....
  Pity your hands aren't free to play with it...&quot; 
Later, I had my chance to explore her new adornment with my fingers... and
  with my lips and tongue as well! (The latter turned out not such a good idea,
  as I discovered when my mouth started to feel numb; so I followed a suggestion
  to use it elsewhere on her body!) The four of us were together in my Mistress'
  room, which was just a little crowded but we didn't mind -- especially not
  Helen and I.... 
As part of our celebration of Officer Paul's and Helen's new status, neither
  Helen or I were shackled as we were allowed -- no, ordered! -- to hug and kiss
  and cuddle to our hearts' content. Our owners sipped brandy and chatted about
  the day's events, watching indulgently as our hands roved all over each other's
  bodies, as Helen's luscious tits pressed against my chest, as my cock grew
  hard between our bellies or insinuated itself between Helen's thighs. 
At one point Officer Paul ordered Helen to pose without moving, and gave me
  a free hand to caress and kiss and lick her all over. I enjoyed this immensely,
  and so did Helen as my hands and lips and tongue titillated and aroused her
  -- not that she needed much arousing, she seemed to be on a sort of 'high'!
  -- but Officer Paul stopped me before she came, leaving her flushed and panting
  brethlessly. Next it was my turn, posing the same way while Helen's hands and
  lips and tongue roamed freely over my naked body, finally concentrating on
  my cock: to my surprise, she  wasn't told to stop and -- far
  sooner that I would have wished -- I found myself moaning and arching my back
  as my cock twitched and spasmed in her mouth. 
I was coming down to earth when I heard my Mistress, in an exaggeratedly casual
  tone, say to Officer Paul: &quot;In the ceremony tonight, slave Helen -- no, crew  slave
  Helen! -- promised her obedience to you as an officer, and offered her body
  to you for your pleasure: since I'm not an officer, she didn't do that for
  me. However, I understand that the rules of her slavery make her available
  to paying passengers when her crew duties permit: but what about guests? and
  is she free of crew duties now?&quot; 
Officer Paul's grin was as wide as my Mistress' seriousness was a mockery. &quot;Of
  course!&quot; he said. &quot;She's all yours... for a while! Later, she has very  important
  duties to perform for a new officer!&quot; 
Flashing him a grin of thanks, my Mistress crooked her finger at Helen and
  made her stand close in front of her chair, with her legs widely spread astride
  my Mistress' knees and her hands clasped behind her neck. With slow thoroughness
  and an air of complacent possessiveness, she proceeded to fondle the lovely
  naked body, so obediently placed at her disposal, in ways so intimate that
  I even found myself blushing for Helen -- despite the fact that I should have
  been well used to this by now. The intensity of her concentration belied the
  great enjoyment I could tell she was having, but her quickening breaths soon
  started to give her away. 
For her part, Helen seemed to be enjoying this almost as much as my Mistress!
  I soon became convinced that she truly meant to live up to the promise she'd
  made earlier -- of total obedience to the Company's officers -- especially
  when that obedience included the other part of her formally recited submission
  into crew slavery: namely, that her naked body was from now on utterly available
  for the enjoyment of the officers, paying passengers... and, of course, an
  officer's guest! She made not the slightest murmur of protest as my Mistress'
  clever fingers explored her most private parts: on the other hand, before long
  she was making murmurs of another kind, as those same fingers aroused her towards
  an orgasm! 
I doubt she was surprised, however, when my Mistress stopped and said, in
  a dry if slightly breathless voice, &quot;That should have warmed you up pretty
  well for what I suspect might be your 'duties' later! I'm getting a little
  warm myself: perhaps I better see that I don't overheat. Kneel down, slave-girl,
  and you, slave-boy, you can help me undress!&quot; 
Standing up, she allowed my only-too-willing hands to obey, and soon her lovely
  body was as naked as Helen's. Her lightly tanned skin and slimmer but beautifully
  proportioned figure made a sexy contrast with Helen's fairness and voluptuousness,
  but there was a more subtle and equally sexy contrast, too: despite both women's
  complete nakedness, a strange aura of 'Mistressness' seemed almost to clothe
  her and render Helen's nudity even more naked and vulnerable, as she knelt
  submissively with her face only inches from the body being bared in front of
  her. 
A moment later the contrast was made even more emphatic, as my Mistress sat
  down again, spread her legs wide and again crooked her finger at Helen with
  a smile of anticipation. Earlier, she had sat in comfort while Helen had stood
  stiff and spread-legged; she'd used her hands on Helen as she pleased, and
  Helen was expected to accept her attentions without complaint or control. Now,
  she still sat comfortably but with her legs spread, while Helen crawled between
  them on her knees; Helen was expected to use her tongue and lips where my Mistress
  had used her hands, and it was clear -- if unspoken -- that my Mistress was
  in complete control of the pleasure Helen was about to give her. 
These thoughts, added to the erotic sight of Helen's blond head working hard
  between my Mistress' thighs, had the inevitable effect on my cock. Just as
  inevitably, Officer Paul noticed and, with a broad grin, motioned me to come
  kneel beside him. Although I'd made no promises like those Helen had, I knew
  only too well that my Mistress would want me to obey, wondering whether he
  intended to use my mouth the way Helen's was being used. 
Instead, he simply wanted to fondle my cock and balls, and run his hands over
  other parts of my nakedness, while he watched his slave's mouth busy in the
  lush dark thatch of my Mistress' pussy. The huge bulge in the front of his
  trousers showed that the sight was exciting him as much as it was me, but not
  once did he even touch it. Somehow, I almost had the feeling that he was using
  my cock as a kind of substitute for his own, to save himself for the 'very
  important duties' he was planning with Helen. 
(Perhaps this last thought should have disgusted me, but to my surprise it
  did no such thing: although it did bring home a new kind of humiliation I'd
  not experienced before, my slave's nature even found that exciting; besides,
  I also felt that I might be making a small contribution to what I was sure
  promised to be a wonderful night for Helen -- the way I knew she felt about
  her Master, his pleasure would give her pleasure redoubled.) 
In the event, I think he proved me right. No sooner had my Mistress reached
  her climax -- moaning loudly in ecstasy as she clutched Helen's head with her
  thighs and arched to thrust her clit forward as if asking Helen to bite it
  -- and at last pushed Helen away, than he tied his slave's hands behind her,
  bidding my Mistress a polite goodnight as he did so. Taking a firm grip on
  Helen's right nipple with a thumb and finger, he led her out the door. 
When my Mistress recovered her breath, she smiled at me contentedly and said, &quot;Well,
  it's been a fun evening, hasn't it? I've just had a lovely climax, and you
  obviously enjoyed yours earlier. Now I think it's time for some sleep... and
  I just can't resist the idea of using that nice little cell to keep you out
  of mischief. The only question is: whether I can depend on you not wasting
  good sleeping time by playing with yourself!&quot; 
This wasn't a direct question, so I knew I was expected not to answer: but
  she must have seen some disappointment on my face, because she went on, &quot;No,
  I don't think I can -- hands behind your back, please!&quot; Her accompanying
  grin was friendly but firm, so I grinned wryly in return and turned to allow
  my wrists to be joined with a short chain between cuffs. Obediently, I went
  into the cell and my Mistress fastened one of my ankles with a cuff and chain
  attached to a strong ring, before closing and locking the barred door. 
I was very effectively imprisoned for the night, with no less than three solid
  padlocks -- the one on the cell door would have sufficed, but I was quite accustomed
  to my Mistress' liking for extra &quot;security&quot; (as she called it) to
  emphasize my captivity even more. Sitting down, I leaned against the back wall
  of the cell and tried to come down from the day's excitement before settling
  to sleep. This wasn't very successful, I found, because I could clearly see
  my Mistress moving around and preparing for bed. 
She pretended not to notice me watching, but the slight smile on her lips
  showed that she was deliberately teasing me, by wandering around the room for
  a short while, her lovely naked body clearly visible -- but so very unattainable!
  -- to her captive in the barred cell. Finally she lay down and turned out the
  light: I lay down, too, somewhat cramped but not too uncomfortable, and tried
  to sleep, but the echoes of the day's excitement kept me awake for quite a
  time. 
I awoke at the sound of a door being opened, but it seemed I must have turned
  over in my sleep because the sound was coming from behind me! I opened my eyes
  but could see nothing at all... until the opening door let some light in. By
  now I was awake enough to know, by the position of the ring shackling my ankle,
  that I was still facing the same way as last night, so the door had indeed
  opened in the side of the cell opposite its entrance from my Mistress' room.
  That entrance, I saw, was now not only barred, but also shut by the panel that
  had concealed it at first. 
Twisting around to face this new entrance, I saw that it was also barred,
  and beyond it was the face -- and naked body -- of a crew slave I recognized. &quot;Morning,
  slave!&quot; he said quietly but cheerfully, &quot;I've come to fetch you for
  the loan your Mistress has agreed to give to Lord and Lady Ruthven. Up on your
  feet!&quot; I obeyed, a bit stiffly from the cramped position I'd slept in,
  and he opened the barred door and reached in to release my ankle shackle. 
My Mistress had closed that padlock herself last night, I thought, so if a
  crew slave had the key to open it, she must be aware of this. With this verification
  of his words, I willingly obeyed the crew slave's instructions to leave the
  cell and follow him. We walked along a narrow, dimly-lit tunnel for some little
  distance: I noticed more doors like the one I'd come through, and my companion
  volunteered a confirmation of my guesses about them. 
&quot;Each door is for a cell in a guest room,&quot; he said. &quot;This enables
  slaves to be provided for the guests, directly from the slave quarters, and
  they can be returned without disturbing the guest's sleep.&quot; Just then
  we emerged into a large room, lined with cells in much the same way as the
  unaccompanied slave quarters on the ship. Most were occupied by slaves, singly
  or in pairs, some unshackled, others shackled or bound, but all quite naked
  -- as I expected! 
There were sounds of movement and chatter, but quite subdued. As we walked
  past the cells, some of their occupants waved or greeted me cheerfully when
  they recognized me. Other slaves were moving about outside the cells, and putting
  bowls of food into them through hatches. The sight and smell of the food made
  me realize how hungry I was, and my hunger was satisfied a little later after
  I was allowed to wash and so on. 
I'd nearly finished my breakfast when, to my surprise and pleasure, Helen
  was brought in and given something to eat, too. Before attacking her plate
  with gusto, she asked me if I'd spent the night in the cells rather than with
  my Mistress. &quot;Not exactly,&quot; I told her, and went on to describe the
  cell in the room and the tunnel it opened on. 
&quot;Oh, that's different,&quot; she commented between mouthfuls. &quot;There's
  no cell like that in my officer's room, just a concealed door opening directly
  into the tunnel. I only found out when the phone woke us up this morning: Officer
  Paul answered, listened for a moment, and said, 'Yes, of course, immediately!'
  Still almost half asleep, he said to me, 'OK, slave, that's enough comfort
  for you! It's time to join your fellow crew slaves in their quarters: go kneel
  in that corner and go through the door when it opens.' 
&quot;I think he was asleep again,&quot; she giggled, &quot;even before the
  panel in the wall slid aside! I crawled through and found the slave overseer
  waiting to bring me here. It's lovely to see you, though: are you going to
  sample the life of the crew slaves?&quot; 
&quot;Not really,&quot; I replied. &quot;I was told that I'm being lent to
  Lady Ruthven.&quot; 
&quot;That includes both of you,&quot; said the slave overseer, coming up
  at that moment. (The interruption, unfortunately, prevented me from asking
  Helen to tell me what Officer Paul and she had done last night after leaving
  us!) &quot;Lord Ruthven wants to exercise his 'droit de signeur', girl,&quot; he
  went on with a smile, &quot;but I gather that he and his Lady have decided
  to include your guest slave in some of the fun he plans to have with you today.
  Come along now!&quot; 
His manner was good-natured, but he clearly expected to be obeyed. Helen,
  who I remembered had not heard what was said last night about the 'droit de
  signeur', looked a little confused for a moment: but she recovered quickly,
  grinned at me and said, &quot;I don't know about you, Peter, but now I'm officially
  a crew slave, I better do what I'm told: he's wearing the overseer's collar,
  and the crew slavery rules say that he must be obeyed as if he's an officer!&quot; 
The overseer grinned, too. &quot;Good slave-girl!&quot; he said. &quot;You've
  learned your first lesson well. As for you,&quot; he went on to me, &quot;you're
  not really subject to the same rules, so you could disobey if you wanted: I'd
  simply have to report you to your owner to deal with!&quot; 
This threat wasn't really necessary, because I'd already decided to obey:
  besides, it gave me a chance to spend a little more time with my beloved Helen!
  Our wrists were again handcuffed behind us, and we followed the overseer outside,
  where we found it was quite early morning, and the air was brisk enough to
  make our nakedness feel a little cold. The overseer assured us, with a broad
  smile, that he was sure we wouldn't be feeling the cold for long! 
Suddenly I noticed something and, aware that slaves were allowed to speak
  to each other freely, I asked the overseer why he was wearing a collar, but
  Helen wasn't. &quot;Collars are only needed,&quot; he replied, &quot;when it's
  important to identify slave by their duties or functions. On board ship, all
  slaves have specified functions, unless they're on loan as unaccompanied slaves:
  but here, only we overseers need to be identified, especially for the other
  slaves. All the other slaves are just slaves here, with no specific duties
  -- except to help the officers relax between their tours of duty on board ship!...
  and to obey us overseers, of course!&quot; he added with a meaningful grin
  at Helen. 
Helen asked a question, too: &quot;This 'droit de signeur'... I know what
  it means, but... do I have any choice? I mean, Lord Ruthven seems pretty old...&quot; 
The overseer's grin faded. &quot;Does the agreement you signed,&quot; he asked
  seriously, &quot;say anything about the age of the officers you're willing
  to submit your body to?... No?... Well, perhaps you should have thought of
  that first, if it bothers you. It is possible  to apply for
  a change of your conditions, if something really unexpected arises, but you
  need a pretty convincing reason: and in this case, I'm sure the officers would
  consider it quite insulting to Lord Ruthven, if you objected to him for his
  age alone; even if they agreed, I'd bet you'd have to accept a very severe
  penalty indeed!&quot; 
&quot;I don't think you should worry too much, Helen,&quot; I chimed in, wanting
  to reasuure her. &quot;Yesterday, I saw Lord Ruthven giving attention to a
  lot of slaves -- females and  males, myself included! -- and
  we all seemed to enjoy it a great deal!&quot; Looking relieved, Helen smiled
  and murmured that, if I felt that way, she was sure it would be OK. 
And it certainly was -- at least the part of it that I was involved in! The
  overseer led us into a lovely little courtyard, open on the side facing the
  morning sun and sheltered from any breezes: the other three sides were entirely
  glass, which reflected the sunlight and maintained a comfortable warmth, even
  for us naked slaves. Helen and I were soon fastened by our handcuffs to two
  posts, and then we were left alone. 
But not for long. We'd been positioned facing the expanse of glass directly
  opposite the sun, and it seemed to be from the centre of its dazzling reflection
  that Lord Ruthven's unmistakable voice suddenly spoke! &quot;Well, m'dear,&quot; it
  said, &quot;what a lovely sight on a lovely morning! Our brand-new slave-girl
  and our guest slave, waiting here just to provide us with a little fun to start
  our day!&quot; 
There was something about this voice speaking out of the glare, something
  with a startling psychological effect: it was as if the sun itself was speaking
  to us, and it seemed to me to re-emphasize the supreme place held by Lord Ruthven
  and his Lady, as well as the utterly opposite place we slaves occupied in the
  scheme of things. Nor was this effect much lessened when the glass panel at
  the very centre of the glare moved aside -- hardly diminishing the dazzle at
  all! -- and Lord and Lady Ruthven emerged to confront us smilingly. 
They were both impeccably dressed, in exactly the kind of clothes that one
  might expect to see the aristocracy wear when inspecting their estates. In
  this case, however, they were inspecting us : almost as if
  the bright light of day gave them a better look at her, they re-examined Helen's
  naked body with their eyes and proprietary hands, commenting to each other
  in their cultured voices -- but using the most vulgar and explicit terms! --
  on what a fine creature she was, and what a valuable addition to the crew.
  Then they turned to me and repeated the exercise: and, since neither of them
  had spent more than a few moments on me yesterday, this inspection and its
  acompanying handling were even more thorough and humiliatingly intimate than
  Helen's! 
Their 'inspections' over, they proceeded to spend the next two hours or so
  amusing themsleves with us. The courtyard -- they called it a 'playground'
  -- was adequately and cleverly equipped with things that could be used for
  the restraint of naked slave bodies, and they made skillful use of most of
  them. Helen and I found ourselves bound in a variety of ways, all intended
  to provide our 'tormentors' with easy access to our nakedness, which they used
  with obvious enjoyment! 
Nor were they the only ones who enjoyed it. Helen and I enjoyed their attentions,
  too: as well as the exciting sensations of bound helplessness that I love so
  much -- and I knew Helen did too -- the touch of Lord and Lady Ruthven's hands
  was anything but unpleasant! And the enjoyment was also shared by others: soon
  after things got started, most of the glass doors around us were opened to
  reveal a sunny U-shaped breakfast room! A succession of officers took their
  breakfast there, served of course by naked slaves and idly watching the 'show'
  provided. 
It was no surprise, of course, to see my Mistress and Officer Paul arrive
  for their breakfast, towards the end of the 'show'. I guessed they'd slept
  late, after the activities and excitements of the previous day and evening,
  and I have to admit that I was inordinately pleased to see my Mistress and
  know that she was taking an interest in what was happening to me. Co-incidentally
  -- or perhaps not? -- they arrived just in time for what turned out to be the
  'finale' of the performance that Helen and I were the 'stars' of. 
Saying that Helen's training to be a crew slave would be a little like breaking
  in a horse, Lord and Lady Ruthven proceeded to demonstrate the latter in a
  bizarre way. I was positioned close to a post in the centre of the playground',
  with only a short chain between my ankle cuffs and around the post keeping
  me there; at first, I thought this was just to keep me out of the way of what
  was being done with Helen. Unshackled but for cuffs holding her wrists behind
  her back, she was fitted with a collar, to which was attached a long rope.
  Lady Ruthven held the other end of that rope and, taking up a position close
  to me, made Helen move in a circle around us as she responded to the gentle
  goading of Lord Ruthven wielding a long coach-whip. 
It was  a little like an untrained filly being broken, and
  Helen entered into the spirit of things by tossing her head, stamping her feet
  and sometimes refusing -- if only for a moment -- to obey Lord Ruthven's instructions.
  She circled the perimeter of the playground several times, and jumped over
  the 'hurdles' placed in her path, once or twice pretending to baulk at the
  obstacles. Lord and Lady Ruthven, of course, circled me at the same time, otherwise
  the long rope would have become hopelessly entangled. 
Suddenly, on one of Helen's circuits, I became aware of something different;
  it took me a moment to realize that Lady Ruthven must have attached the end
  of the rope to the post I stood beside, because it began to wrap around me!
  As Helen continued her circling, Lady Ruthven carefully controlled the way
  it slowly bound my naked body to the post, and ensured that it wound quite
  tightly. By the time the rope was short enough to bring Helen face to face
  with me, its multiple turns around me -- from my knees to my shoulders -- had
  effectively made me part of the post! 
Helen was breathing quickly when she finally faced me from a distance of a
  few inches, partly from her exertions but also, I suspect, from a suspicion
  of what was about to happen. For the latter reason, I was excited too, and
  my cock stood up hard, as if trying to bridge the small gap between us; then
  even that gap vanished.... 
Standing to each side of us and with a skill clearly born of long parctice,
  Lord and Lady Ruthven rapidly passed two more long ropes around and around
  us, starting near our feet and ending at our necks. They pulled each turn tight,
  until our naked bodies were pressed together as if we were never to part: Helen's
  luscious breasts were crushed against my chest, my cock was squeezed snugly
  -- and excitingly! -- between our bellies, and at last even our lips were forced
  to touch... not that we minded, let me tell you! 
Nor did Lord and Lady Ruthven mind, either! &quot;You may kiss, slaves,&quot; they
  told us, as the final turn of the ropes was passed around our heads and tied
  off to the pole behind me. Helen and I needed no second invitation, and soon
  our tongues were exploring each other's mouths, with all the passion of lovers
  who knew that this might be our last chance for a long time! 
There was a smattering of applause from the watching breakfasters, and the
  'show' was over. My Mistress and Officer Paul now joined Lord and Lady Ruthven,
  and the four of them chatted for a few minutes, the former complimenting the
  latter on the imaginativeness of their bondage, and the latter saying what
  attractive and submissive slaves the former owned. All this time, four pairs
  of hands roamed up and down Helen's and my naked bodies, feeling the tightness
  of the many turns of rope around us, and causing thrills of excitement to run
  through us as they touched the flesh between the rope. 
Finally, Lord Ruthven said to my Mistress, &quot;I want to thank you for the
  loan of your slave for our little amusement this morning. But I guess you'd
  like to be on your way soon; as for me...&quot; His voice took on a tone of
  sensual anticipation: &quot;.... I want to spend some time alone with our new
  crew slave! However, I understand that she and your slave are quite fond of
  each other, so I think we might indulge them a little...&quot; 
As he spoke, he and Lady Ruthven rapidly unwound the ropes holding Helen and
  me together, and the one binding me to the post; finally, he unshackled Helen's
  wrists, and Lady Ruthven released my ankles from the post. &quot;Say 'au revoir'
  to your friend, slave-girl,&quot; he said gently, obviously sensitive to what
  this moment might mean to us. 
Helen and I simply stood and looked at each other for several long seconds,
  neither of us able to say a word. Suddenly Helen almost threw herself at me,
  wrapped her arms around my neck, and clamped her lips to mine; my arms went
  around her lovely body and clasped it to my own, as tightly as the ropes had
  bound them a few moments before. I felt the warm wetness of her tears as they
  flowed from her cheeks on to mine, where they mingled with a few tears of my
  own. 
We made the most of Lord Ruthven's 'indulgence', and seemed almost to withdraw
  into a cocoon of our own. At the same time, however, I was quite aware that
  we hadn't been allowed complete privacy to say our farewells -- a fact that
  was only too well emphasised by the way more than one pair of hands joined
  mine in their caressing of Helen's lovely nakedness! -- but it didn't seem
  to bother me at all. After all, I found myself thinking, we're only slaves,
  and such privacy is a luxury we can't expect to enjoy. 
At last Lord Ruthven gently but firmly drew Helen from me. She was dry-eyed
  by now, and enough in control of herself to simply give me a brilliant smile
  and say, just a little unsteadily, &quot;Au revior, Peter,&quot; before Lord
  Ruthven made her turn to my Mistress to say farewell to her too. My Mistress
  assured her very seriously that we would both be seeing her again: Helen said
  fervently, &quot;Soon, I hope, Mistress Tina!&quot; and, taking a deep breath
  and with a last look into my eyes, she turned to Lord Ruthven. 
&quot;Thank you, m'Lord,&quot; she said firmly and very humbly, &quot;for
  letting us say 'au revoir' in our own way. I'm ready now, and I want to try
  and please you as much as I can!&quot; Lord Ruthven gave her a smile full of
  warm approval and, without another word -- he'd already said farewell to my
  Mistress -- clipped a leash to Helen's collar and led her away. Obediently,
  almost eagerly, she followed, and didn't even glance back. 
Officer Paul was the next to say his farewells, saying that he had a lot of
  things to learn before the next cruise. He and my Mistress promised to keep
  in touch as often as possible; in particular, they both vowed that Helen and
  I would be ordered &quot;... to write to each other frequently, under pain
  of severe punishment!&quot; Finally, only Lady Ruthven was left with my Mistress
  and me, and she walked with us to where our car was waiting, the luggage already
  loaded by crew slaves. 
My Mistress invited her to put on the cock-ring she wanted me to wear for
  the journey. She clearly enjoyed forcing the rings over my still semi-hard
  organ and locking the tight ring behind my balls: I enjoyed her attentions,
  too, so much so that my cock was soon rigid and purple in its constricting
  rings. Nor was that situation helped by her taking a last opportunity to run
  her hands sensually over most of my naked body. 
&quot;Well, slave,&quot; she smiled at me, &quot;I do hope you've enjoyed
  your short stay with us! Maybe sometime I'll have a chance to spend some more
  time with you: I'm sure we could have some great fun!&quot; Without waiting
  for an answer, she turned to my Mistress and said, &quot;But I musn't keep
  you; you must be anxious to be off.&quot; 
&quot;Into the car, slave!&quot; my Mistress ordered quietly, before she and
  Lady Ruthven made their farewells. I obeyed, of course, but I couldn't help
  wondering whether she planned for me to stay stark naked for the whole journey!
  When she at last got in and we drove off, I started to think about saying something
  in protest, but seemed to find it hard to summon up the courage. 
I was glad I didn't. When we reached the gate through which I'd entered in
  the bus yesterday, my Mistress stopped the car: calmly and quite matter-of-factly,
  she ordered me to put on the clothes I'd left in the bin there! They were a
  little crumpled, but at least I knew I wouldn't be arrested for indecency. 
&quot;Well, slave, that's the end of this holiday!&quot; she said when I was
  dressed: she moved into the passenger seat, and motioned for me to drive. I
  obeyed and, as we went out of the big gate and along the road home, she began
  to chat about the experiences I'd had on this cruise. I answered her questions
  as fully and frankly as I could, but it was some time before I began to suspect
  that she was leading up to something more significant than idle conversation. 
When she'd finally quizzed me about my feelings during Helen's initiation
  as a crew slave, she commented idly, &quot;That was the end of her holiday,
  too, wasn't it? Now she'll have to work like a slave, as the saying goes! Maybe
  you envy her a bit, eh?&quot; 
&quot;Perhaps a little, Mistress,&quot; I replied truthfully, &quot;but not
  really: I'm just happy to be your slave, for as long as I can please you.&quot; 
&quot;I'm glad to hear it,&quot; she responded drily and, almost as an afterthought,
  added, &quot;You can be sure that Helen isn't the only slave whose holidays
  are over for a while: from now on, far from being 'Slaves on Vacation', it'll
  be more like 'Slaves at Hard Labour'!&quot; 
She didn't elaborate, and said nothing at all for a long while, leaving me
  to make what I could of her last statement. It wasn't hard to guess that she
  had something unexpected lined up for me: but, whatever it was, I had the strongest
  feeling that it was going to be exciting and enjoyable! 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desmios


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





