BDSM Library - Taking Down the Honkies




Taking Down the Honkies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Maid discovers her employer's son making her daughter show her body to him.  When the woman decides it her daughter's fault, she decides it time to take the white family down to size.
Taking Down the Honkies

I was stunned by the voice in the background.  I had talked the maid daughter
Dee to show me her naked butt in my bedroom and was enjoying it till the voice
ran in my ear.

"Why you pervert.  Get those cloths on now gal."  Yelled the maid, Velma.  "I'm
going to talk to your mother this minute young man."

I heard her scramble out the room expecting the worst.  I could hear Velma
yelling at mom in the living room.  When I heard mother replying that it was all
Dee fault I felt I was off the hook.  Then the door slammed and I couldn't hear
anything anymore except Dee passing by fleeing to her bedroom in fear.  A lot of
noise of banging and things being knocked over was coming from the living room
and I was starting to get very scared myself.

It seemed like hours before the door opened and I hear Velma yelled out.  "Get
your butt in here now young man."

I crept forward to the room only to see mother in the middle on the floor.  She
was totally naked with her head to the floor and her large white, now red, butt
sticking up pointing up at me.  My cock immediately sprung up at the sight of
her huge mounds but was caged by my pants.

"Take a look at your mother big ass," Velma yelled at me.  "I want you to see
what yours is going to look like shortly.  Get those cloths off now."

I was scared and afraid as I immediately drop my pants and shorts and removed my
shirt.  My cock sprung straight out at Velma as I turned red in humiliation of
it.  I watched Velma moved over to the chair and sit down.

"Tell your pervert son why you have been spanked bitch," she yelled at mother. 
"And tell him the new rules around this house."

"Honky butt was spanked because she was a bad mother," my mother replied as my
cock leaked at her whining voice.  "From now on, Miss Velma is boss of this
house and will punish honky butt and you when she feels we need it.  We will
obey her every wishes from now on.  Our asses belong to her for her amusement. 
Thank you Miss Velma for spanking honky butt naughty ass.

I was stunned and shocked by mother submission but excited beyond all belief and
my cock showed it.

"Get over my lap right now wimpy butt," Velma yelled at me.  "Its time your ass
learns who is boss in this house."

I only been spanked by mother on rare occasions but at the present I was so
excited to be getting one by the maid as I nearly ran over and jumped over her
lap.

"See honky butt," Velma said to mom, "your son is so much a wimpy butt he is
begging me to spank his tight ass." 

I felt her large thighs tighten up on my cock between her legs and knew I was
cumming on them.  Then the slap came down on my butt as I yelled out in pain.

"So you thought this was going to be fun.  Think again, you wimp."  Velma yelled
sending a couple of more slaps on my ass cheeks in back as I yelled out.

I had never been spanked that hard in my life as mixed feelings of pain and
excitement ran in my mind.  I didn't know which one was worst.

"Take that.  And this."  She yelled swatting my ass.  I finally broke down and
starting crying.  My cock was still dripping and rubbing on her thighs in heat.

She finally stopped.  Pinching my ass cheeks she asked me whose ass was this.

Between crying I told her it was hers.

"Joined honky butt on the floor," she commanded as I crawled off her lap rubbing
my sore ass in back before assuming the same position as mother.  I could hear
mother panting and knew she had gotten excited watching her son getting a
spanking.

Velma got up as my ass cheeks clinched in back expecting to be spanked again. 
Instead she walked to the door and yelled for Dee to come in the living room. My
cock sprang out expecting to see Dee get the same spanking I had earlier.  I
could hear her surprise voice as she entered.

"Since you like to show a wimp such as this your butt," Velma said, "it's time
you learn what white folks are good for."

I heard her slap mother large ass in back.

"Tell Miss Dee who you ass belong to honky butt," she yelled down.

"My ass belongs to Miss Velma," mother yelled as I heard Dee laugh afterwards.

"Owwll," I yelled as Velma palm came down on my ass.

"Who owns your ass wimpy butt," she yelled.

"My ass belongs to Miss Velma," I yelled out loud in pain.

"Dee remove that dress now," she continued.  "Its time wimpy butt here to learn
to pay respect to a black woman ass."

My cock was growing hard again as I heard Velma and Dee getting undressed from
above.  Velma dress fell only inches from my face as I wished I could look up to
see her.  She walked passed me however and turned her back to mother.

"Honky butt, get your face in my ass now."  She yelled.

I glanced to the side to see mother head raise up and Velma large butt above. 
It was grand as I stared at it for a moment only as mother white face slid
between the large mounds.

"Well come on girl," Velma called to Dee.  "Get over here and show that wimp
where his face belongs."

I heard Dee walking room and then the back of her feet appeared in front of me
as I rose up to admire the brown tight ass.  Upon clue I buried my nose between
the glorious mounds I had admired earlier.  I could see her pucker asshole on my
nose.

"Now lean back honey and enjoy using their noses," Velma said to her daughter. 
"Its nothing more exciting than having a honky face in your ass.  Wiggle your
butt on their nose and let them get a good smell of a mistress ass."

Dee was enjoying it as much as I was I felt her ass rotating all over my face. 
My nose was going in and out her asshole as she increased her pace getting
excited in riding my face.  To imagine Velma large ass on it was making my cock
strain to the limits.

"Now for the ultimate pleasure," Velma said to Dee.

"Lick our assholes slaves," she yelled.

I needed no encouragement as I drove my tongue in Dee asshole and could hear her
grasped above in pleasure.  I pushed it as far as it would go and withdrew it
only to get repeating the performance to her delight.  I felt her cum dripping
on my lower knees and knew she was getting close to cumming herself.

"Don't come yet sugar," Velma yelled at her.  "We have all day and then some to
enjoy these honkies faces."

Dee started shoving her ass back and forth on my tongue as I drove it deeper and
deeper in her asshole.  I could hear both her and her mother moaning in delight
from their tongue bath.

"Enough ass licking for now," Velma finally said to my disappointment.  "Heads
to the carpet worms."

I quickly put my face back down to the carpet and heard mother ass getting
another slap.  She must have hesitated at the command.  Me, I was too excited.

"Come dear," Velma said to Dee.  "Let me show you how to enjoy the moment."

I heard both women get in the living room chairs while Velma explained to Dee
how to put her legs spread out on the arms of the chair and how to slowly rub
her clit.  The moans and groans from the women was telling me they were getting
off looking at our red asses bent over while massaging their clits.  Finally
Velma called out.

"Honky butt," She yelled.  "I'm close to cumming.  Whose face should I cum on?"

Mother hesitated for a moment and then spoke.

"Cum on my face mistress," she said.

"Crawl your white ass over here and lick my clit till I cum all over your face,"
Velma demanded.

I hear mother get on all fours and start crawling over and then Velma voice
started telling calling her good honkie.  I was hoping Dee would call me over
too but instead asked Velma if she could cum on honkie butt face too which Velma
agreed to only after she came twice.  I heard mother crawling again and Dee
voice commending on good little tongue.  My cock was dripping steady now as my
ass cheeks clench in back wishing they would call me.

I heard Velma getting up and then felt her in back of my ass.  My asshole
tighten at the thought of what she was going to do next.

"Ohhhhhhhhh," I yelled in pain as I felt my balls being slapped hard in back.

"Are you trying to cum white boy," she yelled at me slapping my balls again.

"Ohhhhhhhh, I sorry Miss Velma," I yelled out.  "Please let me lick your pussy
or ass."

I felt Velma grab both my balls in the palm of her hand and start squeezing
them.

"You are not allowed to cum without permission," she yelled at me.  "I can pull
these things off anytime I want.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Miss Velma," I yelled out in agony.

"Since you want to look at a black woman ass so bad, I going to give you one to
look at.  Get on your back wimpy ass," she demanded.

I quickly turned over on my back and stared up at her Amazon body in lust.  Her
large boobs and ass with her glistering cunt was more than I could ever wish
for.   I watched her turn around and slowly lowered her massive ass on my face
till my nose was buried deep in her asshole.

"You are to remain still and don't move," she scolded me.  "Since this is what
you want to see, I plan to see to it you see it all."

I remained still as she scuffle her but up and down my face and sideways as I
stared at her puckered entrance wishing I could shove my tongue deep inside. 
Mother must have did something wrong as I heard Velma call out to Dee.

"Put that white bitch over the table and spank her fat ass good," Velma yelled. 
"If she does that again, I'll shove my foot so deep in her ass, she never get it
out."

I could hear slapping noises and mother begging and pleading with Dee to be a
good little honkie girl for her.  Velma finally slid up my face as her pussy was
even with my mouth.

"Lick you worthless dick," she told me.

I quickly drove my tongue up to her clit and started running it up and down on
it.  It didn't take long before she came on my mouth as I clean her cunt.  Her
asshole was pressed on my nose throughout the ordeal.

"Mom," Dee called out.  Since wimpy butt made me show him my ass and wiggle it
for him, I think I should have a turn at his."

Velma told her she thought it was a good idea and got off my face.

"Stand up you wimp and turn around," she commanded.  "You are going to wiggle
that white hindy of yours till Miss Dee is pleased.

Quickly I got up and glanced to see mother still bent over the table.  Her ass
was a fiery red in back and Dee was walking over smiling at me as I turned
around and started swinging my ass from side to side.

Slap.  Slap.

I felt Dee hand come down on my ass in back.

"Wiggle faster wimp," she commanded.

Slap, slap.

I started shaking my ass wildly in back but no matter what I did, Dee kept
slapping it.  She was really starting to get into this domination thing and
unfortunately for my ass it was going to get her off.

"Wiggle that white ass wimp," she yelled at me laughing.  "I want to see that
butt of yours moving.

She kept slapping till I started pleading with her and begging to serve her
knees.  I could hear Velma ordering mother around the house cleaning things up
and slapping her ass or tits every so often.

"Bend over and spread your ass wimp," Dee commanded.

Quickly I did as she requested just thankful for the chance to ease my sore ass.

Ohhhhhhhhh, 

Dee roughly shove her finger deep in my asshole as I cried out in pain.

"Get use to it wimp."  Dee scolded at me.  "From now on I can do anything I want
to your white ass."

I felt her finger moving roughly inside as I tried to relax my ass muscles to
allow it full access. 

"Mom," Dee called out.  "I think the wimp likes having his ass poked."

"Sure he does,"  Velma called back.  "But don't use your finger dear in his
nasty hole.  Go get a carrot or something instead."

"Great idea,"  Dee yelled out. "Come on wimp, walk to the kitchen so I can get a
nice carrot to shove up your little hindy hole."

Dee kept her finger jabbing in my asshole as I made my way into the kitchen with
ass spread for her probing.  She made me take a carrot out and suck on it for a
while before giving it to her.

"Ohhhhhhhh,"  I yelled in pain.

Dee was roughly trying to shove the carrot up my asshole and wasn't very gently
about it at all.

"It's too big.  Please mistress,"  I begged as the pain was getting unbearable.

"Ah hush up you wimp," Dee yelled.  "It's already halfway in and just one
more...."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh," I screamed out loud rocking wildly.

She had just shove most of the rest inside in one push.

"See."  Dee exclaimed excited.  "Just the right size for your asshole."

She made me stand up and grabbed my swollen cock member in her hand.

"Come on wimp," She said.  "Time to walk around the house and loosen your ass
up."

Dee had turned into a demon I thought to myself as I struggle to walk with her
tugging on my poor cock the whole time.  The pain in my asshole and the stobing
of my cock was driving me wild with desire and torment.

In the living room, mother was back on her knees bent over massaging Velma
massive feet with her boobs.  Velma had a belt in her hand and from the look of
mother ass must had put a few licks on it.

"You were right mom," Dee exclaimed walking me up to Velma.  "A carrot fits his
ass just right. See how he walks around like a girlie."

"Take this belt to his ass and he'll walk better," Velma said holding it out for
Dee.

I was praying Dee wouldn't do it but she quickly grabbed the belt and brought it
down on my ass cheek.

"Move that ass wimp."  She yelled.

Whack, whack.

I was jumping and yelping in pain each time the belt landed on my poor ass and
my sore asshole was getting raw.  She walked me around the room that way till I
was crying and pleading.  She knew she had the power to do anything she wanted
now and was enjoying it to the fullest at my expense.  Finally, she tired and
took a seat back on the chair demanding I come over and lick her feet while she
rested and decided what to do next.

Velma meanwhile had mother admitting to everything she had ever done.  She had
told her everyone she had ever fucked and how, her dildo hiding place, along
with how she played with herself when no one was around.  She even admitted to
her fantasy of being dominated by Velma and some of the thoughts of Velma doing
things to her.  Velma was enjoying the ideas and telling her she was going to
enjoy doing them.  I was even getting excited listening to mother tell every
intimate detail of her sex life.  I tongue Dee feet all over at least 10 times
during the ordeal.

Velma instructed us of the new changes in the house.  She was moving in Mom's
bedroom and Dee was moving in mine.  Later this evening, we would have one hour
to prepare their new rooms.  All of mother clothes would belong to her and Dee
while most of mine would be placed in storage since I wouldn't need any around
the house anymore.  Both of us would have to sleep on the floor by the bed till
they could find some large dog beds to put us in.

Velma was getting excited giving instructions and demanded mother go and get a
carrot in the frig so she could stuff her ass like my poor asshole. Mother
quickly obeyed this time without any hesitation so I knew she was really getting
in to it now. 

When she returned, Velma had her get on her back by the chair and lift her legs
high over her head while she locked her feet underneath the chair arms.  Dee
allowed me the pleasure of turning around to watch mom get her ass screwed.  My
cock drooled on the floor as Velma began twisting and turning the carrot in mom
ass till it was fully inserted as mine was and telling mom this was her new
screw hole so she better get use to it.  I was close to cumming as Dee grabbed
my hair and twisted me around shoving my face in her cunt.

"Lick my cunt wimp," she demanded. 

Her cunt was dripping wet and I started lapping feverously.  Apparently, she was
getting off on the sight also.

Velma started slapping mom poor ass again.

"And from now on honkees," she continued.  "You will address us as Miss Velma or
Miss Dee.  Both of you will clean house and we will inspect it daily to see if
you need punishment.  You will prepare three meals for our enjoyment while your
son will get the lawn work done.  If we snap our fingers, each of you will
immediately get on your knees in front of us for whatever we decide to do.  I
expect your ass to be perfectly clean at all times in case we decide to enjoy
it.  Bathroom privileges will only be allowed with our permission and you will
be allowed to use the downstairs hall one only.

"Are you enjoying your stuff asshole Honkie butt," Velma asked.

"Yes mistress," Mom cried out.  "Thank you for stuffing my fat ass."

"Good," Velma replied.  "We've have to keep it that way.  Now get your face up
here and eat me out."

Dee came all over my face and demanded I assume a position like mother had been
put in.  She was learning fast as I got in position.  I was whining around with
my ass high as she twisted the carrot in my asshole and slapped my ass at will
telling me how she was going to enjoy her new doggie.

After their fun, they went upstairs to rest giving us specific instructions on
what housework we were to have done by the time they got back.  Both of us was
totally exhausted and begged for a rest period but was told that if the
inspection was good then we would be allowed to rest.  They laughingly gave us a
few slaps on our asses to get us going.

"Hurry up cottontails," Velma yelled out as they made their way upstairs to our
rooms.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





