BDSM Library - Mind Games




Mind Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two dissimilar guys use technology, in the form of a mind control device, to use others as puppets to act their particular perversions. As a result one lucky lad joins the 20-20 club, in record time then a ghastly discovery is made in a girls school.
                            Mind Games

The panel truck was parked by a manhole. It was painted in the livery 
of one of the local utility companies, so it attracted little 
attention, even though it was parked near the entrance to a Catholic 
girl's school. Heavy cables ran from it and disappeared down into the 
manhole. Inside the truck were two men, dressed in the uniform of the 
utility company. However there the similarity between it and a real a 
utility truck ended. The pair sat before a large monitor screen which 
was set in the middle of a bank of sophisticated electronics.

The screen was currently showing the picture from one of several 
small cameras which peeped through tiny holes in the truck's panel 
work. This particular camera was trained on the doors of the main 
building and the clarity of the image was quite astounding, 
considering the size of the camera. Shortly the school day would end 
and the pupils would emerge to be covertly observed by the two men.

The two were quite disparate characters and at first it might seem 
unusual that they were working as a team. Alan, the shorter and 
slighter of the pair, was gay. He wore a complicated headset from 
which a bunch of wires led under the console.  Sexually he preferred 
men and much preferred the 'passive' role. In his youth he had wished 
that he could be a female, just to find out what it was liked to be 
taken by a man. As luck would have it, technology provided him with a 
way to fulfil this wish.

The other man, Kurt, was in no way gay. He had never been with 
another man in his life, and he never intended to try. He liked 
girls, preferably teenage girls. However his particular little kink 
made it difficult to find willing sexual partners. You see, he loved 
breaking in virgins and impregnating them. For him technology had 
been detrimental to his sex life. His DNA was on file and could 
easily be used to point the finger at him, should he indulge in his 
pet perversion. Well, that was, until Alan and his little invention 
had come along.

In the distance the school bell rang and the doors opened. The girls 
began emerging, a trickle at first, and then a flood. Alan looked at 
the screen in a bored fashion while Kurt watched keenly. Finally he 
jabbed a finger at the screen and said, "That one."

"Why don't YOU go in?" asked Alan, knowing full well what the answer 
would be.

"Don't ask me to go into a girl's mind, that's your kick," growled 
Kurt. He was afraid that if he entered a female mind, it might 
threaten his masculinity. Alan of course had no such fears.

Alan grinned and made sure that the headset was properly positioned, 
then he began to manipulate the controls.

Mary, a slightly overweight girl, who was standing with a group of 
her friends suddenly looked glazed for a moment, then she blinked 
twice and shook her head.

"Nope, she's no good, due to have her period any day now. Besides, 
she's too fat," said Alan, as he threw the switch and disconnected 
his mental link to the girl.

"Pity, she has nice tits." commented Kurt.

"She also has a boyfriend, who has been screwing her for the last 
three months, and she's on the pill," said Alan, with some 
satisfaction.

"And she goes to a Catholic school? What's the world coming to?"

Alan grinned to himself, he hated using ones with big chests and once 
again he had lied his way out of having to do it.

"OK, how about the red head?"

Alan again complied with Kurt's wishes. Betty, a slim girl with 
bright red hair, who was standing on her own waiting for someone, 
suddenly lost all interest in the world around her. Inside her mind 
Alan nosed around checking on her memories and in a few moments he 
had all the information that he needed. He disconnected and his 
victim gave a start. Everything had suddenly jumped, it was like a 
film that had been badly edited. She shook her head in confusion, but 
then the person she was waiting on arrived and diverted her 
attention.

"Yup, she'll do, will I mark her?" asked Alan.

"Yeah, but first give me the details."

"OK, she'll ovulate the day after tomorrow, which gives us plenty of 
time to choose the boy and set things up. She is a virgin, doesn't 
have a boyfriend, however she has an older cousin, Bert, who keeps 
trying to get his hand inside her knickers. But, as she is totally 
hooked on the guilt bit, she won't let him. Her knowledge of sex is 
purely theoretical. She has never even tried fingering herself. Oh, 
and she spends a lot of time worrying if she is committing any sins."

"Well, I'll soon cure her virginity for her and she'll have enough 
sin to keep her happy for months. Now lets have a look at the rest 
and see if we can find any others."

Alan sighed as he registered the girl's unique brainwave pattern in 
the machine's memory for later reference and got ready to enter 
another mind. Most of the potential victims failed because they were 
at the wrong part of their reproductive cycles. These ones were 
marked for another day. But a surprising number lost on account of 
their lack of virginity. The one that pissed off Kurt the most was a 
petite, but well rounded brunette, who was still feeling 
uncomfortable as her cherry had been popped the night before. So the 
choice remained with Betty.

The next day the same panel truck was parked beside a manhole in 
another town miles away. Not only was the town different the area was 
quite the reverse of the leafy suburb that the school had been in. 
This was a distinctly rundown area of town. Now it was Alan who was 
looking at the monitor in fascination while Kurt yawned and looked 
uninterested.

The screen showed a group of young males who were half heartedly 
playing basket ball. As the day was a hot one most of the boys were 
stripped to the waist. Alan felt he was spoiled for choice as he 
surveyed the group. Three of their number caught his eye.

The big blond one had his attractions, his chest development was 
good, and as he was wearing shorts Alan could see he had nice thighs. 
On the other hand there was the one with the black hair, but very 
fair skin. Alas he was wearing a shirt, he must burn easily in the 
sun. Then there was the Negro boy. Yes, it had been a while since 
they had used a black, but Alan still savoured the memory.

By now the group had stopped for a rest and Alan quickly went in to 
their minds one by one. The blond  boy went blank for a second and 
Alan discovered that although he had a nice body, he wasn't at all 
well endowed, so he was out. The black haired beauty's concentration 
flickered next and to Alan's amazement he found out he was gay! Alan 
knew that nothing on this earth would induce Kurt to enter his mind 
as he was convinced that gayness was  contagious.

However when the Negro's eyes went out of focus it was for a longer 
period while Alan established his name was Billy. He was not only 
well equipped, but he had already put two girls in the club, proving 
that he was fecund. Having met or exceeded all the qualifications he 
was marked. Alan now programmed him, the mental equivalent of a post 
hypnotic command. As a result Billy would not be able to achieve an 
orgasm for the next two days. Alan liked them to arrive straining at 
the leash. 

Kurt grumbled a bit about getting a Negro, but quietened down when he 
heard about the lad's track record. As the game resumed none of the 
players really noticed the men packing up their equipment, closing 
the manhole and driving the van off.

Two days later was a Sunday and Betty was on her way to church. It 
was about a ten minute walk through a residential area and she set 
off alone intending to meet some friends on the way. Not long after 
she had started out Alan again went into her mind. This time he did 
not go in as an observer, he went in as a controller, taking her over 
completely.

He shivered a bit as the unusual sensations of a new body hit his 
mind. Everything was different, the way things looked, smelled, and 
tasted. But the weirdest of all was the 'inside out' feeling in the 
groin. It wasn't just the emptiness in the underwear from the lack of 
male organs, it was the way everything was now located inside the 
body. He forced himself to concentrate and Betty left her usual route 
to church.

She turned down a narrow alley and, after making sure that no one was 
watching, she got into the back of a utility truck closing the door 
behind her. After a few moments the truck drove away.

Betty was calm but very confused, she was doing things that she 
should not do, and even worse, things that she didn't know how to do. 
She watched in amazement as she skilfully steered the big van round 
the corner and accelerated smoothly down the road. What in the world 
was happening to her, she didn't know how to drive, was this a dream?

Kurt had a certain distaste for going into other people's minds. He 
was quite convinced he could 'catch' things by doing it. So it was 
quite a relief to him to discover Billy was asleep when he took over. 
He woke Billy's body up and got out of bed. The most marked 
difference between his host's body and his own was the perception of 
colour. Several posters adorned the bedroom walls. Normally Kurt 
would have found the colours garish, but through Billy's eyes they 
looked cool.

 Billy 'came to' in the shower. He had no recollection of how he got 
there and he discovered that he was washing himself thoroughly. He 
tried to stop and go back to bed, but he found that he was merely a 
spectator in his own body. He knew that he should panic, but he was 
quite calm, far too calm in fact.

He watched as he dried himself and then dressed. He slipped out of 
the apartment without waking anyone else and made his way down to a 
bus stop where he patiently waited. 

Betty pulled up at a deserted bus stop and a young black boy got in. 
As she got up from behind the wheel she could feel his eyes raking 
over her body, it was ten times worse than her cousin Bert looking at 
her. Somewhere, deep inside her, a little shiver started.

The boy took the wheel and drove off with Betty in the passenger's 
seat. She found that she was now giving the boy the once over. His 
skin was fairly dark, but not truly black. His nose was slightly 
flattened, but it suited him and although his lips were thick, they 
looked very sensuous. He had one thing in common with her cousin, the 
bulge in the front of his pants seemed to be getting bigger the 
longer he was around her.

Eventually the truck turned into what appeared to be a small factory 
in an industrial area. The boy pressed a button on the dashboard and 
a garage door opened. He drove straight into a garage and the door 
closed behind them. The pair got out and entered the building. They 
walked down a short corridor then Billy turned left and Betty turned 
right.

As soon as Billy closed the door behind him he started to undress. 
When he was naked he went and stood before the full length mirror 
which was on the back of the door. Kurt looked through Billy's eyes 
and examined his host's body. For the most part it met with his 
approval, although he didn't like the skin colour too much. He 
watched as his host slowly turned and he had to admit that the ass 
was stunning. Two beautiful brown muscular orbs. One time they must 
try to get a black girl with an ass like this.

However he was having difficulty controlling his host. The boy was 
suffering from extreme sexual frustration. Since puberty he had never 
gone this long without shooting his wad. There was a most fuckable 
girl next door and he hadn't even been able to speak to her, never 
mind lay a finger on her. Kurt dominated his host a bit more and 
brought the boy's lust under control.

Betty closed the door behind her and also undressed. It worried her 
that someone might walk in and see her naked, but she was quite 
unable to stop herself. When she had stripped she too admired herself 
in the mirror. Alan dispassionately took in the view. Yes, Kurt would 
like this one, not a blemish anywhere on the fair skin. A nice little 
triangle of red hair crowned the pussy. The breasts were small, but 
nicely formed and the ass was agreeably rounded.

She was appalled when she saw her hand move over her pussy. Her shock 
increased as her middle finger slipped into her slit. She had never 
dared touch herself there. The finger continued to push in until it 
met an obstruction, then it carefully felt around. This seemed to 
satisfy its curiosity and it withdrew, leaving its owner quite 
shaken.

Betty now found that she was dressing herself again, however they 
were not the clothes that she had been wearing when she entered, nor 
for that matter were they ones that she would have chosen. Next was 
the makeup, again she was surprised at her skill. Her parents had 
never allowed her to wear makeup, but now she was putting it on like 
a professional. When she was finished she left the room and made her 
way down the corridor to another door. Behind it she found stairs 
leading down, at the bottom she opened a very heavy door and closed 
it behind her. The room that she entered was unlike any she had seen 
before.

The walls, floor and ceiling were all painted matt black. In the 
middle of the room there was a bed which lacked both headboard and 
footboard. It was also unusually high off the ground, in fact it was 
about waist height. As it was white, it really stood out. The 
contrast was further emphasised by the fact that all the lights in 
the room were trained on it.

Behind her she heard the door open and close again. She found herself 
turning and saw the boy. Her heart missed a beat as she noticed that 
he too had changed his clothes, all he was wearing was a rather brief 
loincloth. She saw him lick his lips lecherously, and she could 
almost swear that the front of his loin cloth moved. Then a deep 
feral growl emanated from his throat.

In another room on the ground floor Kurt and Alan lounged in two 
identical reclining chairs. The lights were dimmed and each man was 
wearing one of the headsets. Cables ran from the headsets to a 
console in front of the chairs. There was a screen on the console 
showing a view of the bed from above. However neither man was looking 
at it. Both had their eyes closed and observed things through the 
eyes of their respective hosts. 

"God!" exclaimed Kurt. "I'm having the devil of a job holding him 
back."

Alan giggled while Betty found that she was pushing her breasts out 
in a provocative manner.

"For fuck's sake, that isn't helping," growled Kurt.

Billy was now half convinced that, after two days of abstinence, he 
was having a very realistic wet dream. Before him stood the young 
girl from the truck, but now she was different, boy was she 
different. Basically, she was dressed as a schoolgirl. White blouse, 
grey skirt, white socks and black shoes. However he doubted that any 
school would let her in dressed like that.

The blouse was just that little bit too tight, the grey skirt was so 
short that when she moved he got a glimpse of her white panties, the 
ankle socks came far too far up her leg and the black shoes had 
obscenely high heels. All that, plus the makeup just screamed the 
word, 'whore', and Billy loved it.

Once Betty's cousin had taken her hand and placed it on his groin. 
Just for a second, before she snatched it back, she had felt his 
manhood. Her first surprise had been caused by the size. Oh, she had 
seen very young boys naked, but this had in no way prepared her for 
the way post pubertal boys are endowed. Somehow she had expected 
things to remain in proportion as they grew up. The second shock had 
come from how it felt. Bert had made it twitch in her hand and it had 
seemed to have a life of its own. Later, when she was alone in her 
room and she could examine her panties she found they were quite damp 
at the front.

Of course she had admitted all this at her next confession. The 
priest made her go through the incident in great detail, which shamed 
her to the core. For her penance she received three 'Hail Marys' and 
an admonishment from the priest, who as it happens, was left with an 
embarrassing erection.

Now she watched, with mounting horror, as her hand reached out 
towards the boy's crotch. Desperately she tried to stop it, but it 
was no longer responding to her commands. She tried, unsuccessfully 
to scream as her hand reached under the boy's loincloth and the 
fingers wrapped themselves round the shaft. She was sure that to come 
into direct contact with his manhood was so much more sinful than 
just touching it through cloth. Already she could tell that her 
panties were getting wet.

"For pity's sake, you'll have him shooting in her hand if you're not 
careful," said Kurt.

"But I thought he was an old hand at this sort of thing. After all 
he's put two bitches in the club already."

"When you went into his mind, you didn't dig deep enough. It wasn't 
the first time for either of the pair he knocked up. They both 
already had brats and they were both as slack as hell. Anyway all he 
did was stick it in and shoot almost directly, no finesse. He thinks 
sex is thirty seconds of squelching noises."

"So you're going to teach him the proper way to fuck a bitch? Don't 
worry I checked, this one's still got her cherry. I wonder if he has 
realised it though?"   
 
"Oh, he's already worked out that this one is a virgin. He's not 
pronged a white girl yet never mind put a bun in her oven," said 
Kurt, whose brow was now covered in sweat from the mental exertion of 
holding Billy in check.

Betty now found that she was running her hand up and down the shaft. 
It felt very peculiar as the skin moved along with her hand. She 
glanced at the boy's face and he looked very strange, like he was 
fighting to hold himself back.

"For fuck's sake, he'll shoot all over the place it you don't stop 
doing that right now," whined Kurt.

"I was just making sure he was good and hard. So, he's ready to try 
to become a daddy again?"

"He wants to join the 20-20 club," said Kurt, relieved that Alan had 
stopped playing with his host's manhood.

"What the fuck's that?"

"He wants to knock up twenty bitches before he is twenty years old."

"Perhaps we can help him reach his target."

"I'll bet he never imagined he would get the chance to put a white 
bitch in the club."

"What would happen if you let him go?" asked Alan, with a malicious 
grin.

"He'd shoot his bolt before he had popped her cherry."

"Fancy one of my nice blow jobs?"

"I think letting him blow off once will be the only way he'll ever 
get his cock inside her without cuming before it's half way up her," 
conceded Kurt.

Betty stood holding the boy's cock. She could feel his pulse through 
it, it was racing. The boy's hands moved and he undid the knot on his 
loincloth, allowing it to drop to the floor.

Betty now found herself appraising his body. It was nicely muscled 
but not overly so. A tight little bush of curly black hair grew 
around the base of his cock. His skin was mid brown but his sexual 
organs were several shades darker. This gave his manhood a strangely 
menacing appearance. As she was looking at it her hand rolled back 
the foreskin and the head came into view. It was blacker than the 
shaft and the 'eye' of it was open and appeared to be gaping 
obscenely at her. As she watched a glistening drop of clear fluid 
began to form in it.

Before it had a chance to drip onto the floor she found that she had 
fallen to her knees before the boy. His manhood, and its glittering 
gem were directly before her face. As she inhaled, the smell of a 
rampant male filled her nostrils and she felt that it somehow got 
into her brain. She could not stop herself taking two more deep 
breaths. The pheromones now began to assist Alan in running her body.

Helplessly she felt her mouth open and watched as her hand guided the 
black dick between her lips. As it entered she felt her lips close 
lovingly around the naked head and her tongue now joined in the game. 
Above her she heard the boy groan and then hiss, "Yesss!"

What on earth was she doing? She was totally revolted by the thought 
that the object she had in her mouth was normally used for peeing 
through. Then her throat was relaxed for her and her gag reflex 
suppressed as the disgusting thing slid over the back of her throat. 
More and more of it slid passed her lips until her nose was buried in 
the tightly curled black hairs of his bush. She felt the boy's hairy 
balls rub roughly against her chin before the weapon was withdrawn 
until only the head nestled in her mouth.
 
Billy looked down and watched the girl suck his cock. It was his 
first experience of oral sex. He liked the way her pretty face was 
cruelly distorted by his thick black member. The loving way her lips 
were caressing it was driving him wild, and when she ran her tongue 
up and down the eye, he nearly screamed. Part of his mind wanted to 
blast her tonsils right now, but the rest wanted it to go on forever.

Betty was aghast as she found she had her hands on the black boy's 
buttocks and she was pulling them towards her. She was actually 
encouraging him to push his cock down her throat again! Naturally the 
boy complied with her request and once more his thick black member 
slid over her gullet and into her throat.

After that the boy took the hint and began to slowly fuck her face. 
Betty desperately wanted to push him away but her hands kept pressing 
against the muscular buns of the boy, exalting him to greater 
efforts. Finally it was the boy who stopped the action and backed off 
until just the head of his member was inside her lips.

The sweat was now running down Kurt's brow as he forced the boy to 
hold out as long as he could. It was no easy task as Alan was an 
expert cocksucker and under his guidance Betty was gradually pulling 
the boy towards the edge of the abyss. For several long minutes the 
battle raged, Kurt holding Billy back from his release and Alan using 
Betty to provoke his orgasm. Billy, caught on the very brink of 
ecstasy, thought that his mind was going to blow before his cock.

Finally Alan made Betty caress his balls with her free hand. Betty 
felt the boy's hands grasp her head and then it happened. Every 
muscle in the boy's body seemed to contract at once, he swore long 
and loud. The thick black cock bucked violently and her mouth was 
suddenly filled with a thick gooey substance.

Her first impulse was to spit it out, but she wasn't even allowed to 
do that. The cock bucked again and even more of the stuff shot out of 
it. By the fourth blast there was a warm trickle of it running down 
her chin. Her mouth was now full of cock and goo. Slowly the cock was 
withdrawn but as soon as it was clear of her mouth it bucked once 
more and this time the volley of warm man seed hit her full in the 
face.

She knelt there totally stunned by what she had just done. This would 
take more than three Hail Mary's by way of penance. She knew full 
well that the goo was very dangerous stuff and it could make her have 
a baby, if it ever got inside her pussy. Her mind raced as she 
thought of a way of disposing of it safely. But she was compelled to 
savour the jism. She could now taste it, strange, it didn't really 
taste that bad. Gradually she let it slide over her throat, 
swallowing it bit by bit, making it last. Part of her was revolted by 
the fact she had just swallowed something that came out of a boy's 
cock, and a black boy at that. But on the positive side, the goo was 
much better there than in her pussy.

Finally, when it was securely in her belly, the boy reached down with 
his finger and wiped some of his spent cum from her face. She sucked 
his finger clean. When they had cleaned her face she was made to get 
back onto her feet. As she stood up she blushed when she realised 
that the front of her panties were not just damp, they were soaked 
through. What if the boy should notice? He would think she was a 
right slut.

However when she was allowed to look at the boy's face she saw his 
eyes were shut. A film of sweat now covered his entire body and his 
face was a picture of utter bliss. For a moment he just stood there, 
swaying gently as he came down from a peak of pleasure that he had 
never dreamed existed.

Without any haste he took the girl into his arms. Betty looked up at 
his face and saw the kiss coming. His lips were very soft against 
hers. His tongue however was insistent in its quest to enter her 
mouth. She was unable to put up any resistance and soon the invading 
tongue was exploring her teeth.

Billy hadn't really wanted to put his tongue where his cock had so 
recently been, but he had no choice in the matter. He could smell his 
cum on her face and now he knew what his wad tasted like. He felt 
that he should have been revolted but instead he found it made him 
horny again. His left arm held her firmly while his right hand began 
to move, and he had a good idea where it was heading.

She had no warning of the hand's approach. It was suddenly under her 
short skirt. Her wet knickers gave her little in the way of 
protection. The hand touched her belly and slipped under the 
waistband. Now it was inside that special place where she had been 
told no boy was allowed to go. Then, with unerring accuracy, the 
middle finger found her crack and for the second time she was 
entered.

Just as the finger slipped into her the air was sucked from her lungs 
and she felt she was going to faint. The only thing that saved her 
from dropping at his feet was his strong arm round her. After a 
moment Billy let her breath again. Then the finger began to move 
inside her. She realised that he was deliberately making her wet down 
there so that there would be more lubrication when he raped her. She 
had almost convinced herself that his manhood was far too large to 
ever enter her tiny crack. But when a second finger joined the first 
she began to have doubts.

Billy's knowledge of the female anatomy was quite rudimentary. As far 
as he knew they differed from boys in two major areas. Girls had 
tits, which were fun to play with and could also be used to feed 
babies. Then of course they had cunts. Their cunts interested him the 
most as that was where you fucked them, and where eventually the 
babies came out. He was now forced to discover that each girl also 
had a clitoris.

His fingers kept up a gentle fucking motion while his thumb rubbed 
expertly over the clit. Both he, and the girl, were surprised by the 
effect this simple movement had on the proceedings.  Betty began to 
moan and shake. The more she reacted the greater Billy's hand 
stimulated her. Nothing she had experienced before had in anyway 
prepared her for an orgasm. To tell the truth, orgasms had not even 
been mentioned in the somewhat restricted sex education she had 
received.

When it finally hit she pulled her mouth off the boy's and screamed 
loudly. This was also a first for Billy, he had never seen a girl 
have an orgasm before. He was fascinated by just how much mess they 
made. His hand was soaked.

However his education was not over by a long chalk. The subject now 
changed from the female anatomy to the difference between the male 
and female physiology. Whereas he always wanted to rest after an 
orgasm, he discovered that this wasn't the case with girls. His hand 
continued fingering the girl, driving her right through her orgasm 
and on to the next.

Betty had no idea what was happening to her but she liked it. Even if 
she could have resisted the boy, she would not. Her second orgasm hit 
her with almost the same force as the first. Only when her screaming 
had died away did the maddening fingers stop.

Billy was now allowed to unwrap his prize. The sodden knickers went 
first, then the ridiculously short skirt. The shoes were kicked off 
by her as he removed her blouse. Now she stood, wearing the makeup of 
a tart, almost as naked as he was, dressed only in her white socks, 
all of which emphasised the lewdness of her situation.

Billy was not really used to seeing a girl undressed. His previous 
conquests had just had their knickers pulled down before being pushed 
back against a wall and rogered. He was therefore grateful when the 
naked girl was paraded before him and he was allowed to 
comprehensively look her over.

Betty had never been naked in front of anyone since her potty 
training had finished. Now to be promenaded, bare assed, just for the 
pleasure of a black boy, was almost too degrading for her to 
tolerate. She felt like she was a prize animal being shown off at an 
auction.

Her humiliation was interrupted, rather than brought to an end, when 
the boy led her over to the bed. Once there she first sat on the 
bottom end of it, then lay back. She placed her hands above her head 
and the boy went round the side of the bed.

From somewhere out of sight he produced the leather straps which went 
round each wrist. When they were fastened she carefully tested each 
of them to ensure that her arms were now totally restrained. He 
watched her until she nodded then he moved to her legs.

She pulled her legs up and he ran a leather strap round each of them 
forcing her ankles back against her upper legs, and locking it there. 
Then two metal rods were slid into sockets at the side of the bed. 
Her legs were firmly attached to these. 

This left her lying on her back with her legs doubled up and spread 
wide apart. She felt that it  was no coincidence that her pussy was 
now splayed wide open at the bottom edge of the bed exactly at the 
same height from the floor as Billy's manhood. She now realised that 
her humiliation was only just beginning. Her pussy, once her most 
private domain, was now being exhibited, just begging for the 
attention of a horny Negro. While she was almost totally immobilised, 
only her head was free to move.

She looked between her legs and saw the boy, he was smiling to 
himself while looking intently at her yawning pussy. He looked up and 
saw her watching him, he grinned at her and began playing with his 
cock, massaging it back into full erection.

"OK," said Kurt, "turn her back on and let the fun begin."

Without any warning Betty was back in control of her own body. Not 
that it helped her much. She briefly struggled against her bonds, but 
she already knew that it was useless. Finally she tried pleading, 
"Please let me go. I won't tell, honest."

The boy looked down at her face with a sardonic grin and for the 
first time he spoke. "Don't worry, I'll be gentle and I'll let you go 
soon enough."

"What are you going to do to me?" she asked, although she suspected 
the worst.

"What you had just now was called an orgasm. I'm going to give you a 
few more of them. Then, when your mind's completely bombed and you 
don't even know which way is up, I'm gonna fuck you with this," he 
said, nodding in the direction of his manhood.

"NO!" Betty screamed, "You'll make me pregnant!"

"You should have thought of that before you opened your legs for me."

"but I'm being controlled, I can't stop myself," sobbed the girl.

The boy grinned in a strange way and inside the girl's head the penny 
dropped.

"You're being controlled too?" she asked.

"You bet he's being controlled. If he had his way he'd have fucked 
you the moment he saw you. It would have hurt like hell and lasted 
about half a minute," Kurt made Billy say.

Betty was too shocked to say anything.

"This way it is going to last a lot longer and you are both going to 
enjoy it. And, what the hell, I might just make him pull out at the 
last minute before he shoots."

Betty, now realising the full extent of her dilemma, began to cry. 
Billy ignored this and went down on his knees. This brought his face 
almost into direct contact with the cunt he so longed to fill. Kurt 
let him examine it before he made the boy go down on it.

Now, Billy had heard of the practice of eating a girl out, but he had 
never fancied doing it. However he found that his mouth knew what it 
was doing, or at least whoever was controlling his mouth did. His 
victim immediately started to writhe about, as far her as bonds would 
let her. Billy instinctively knew that she was enjoying it and he 
found that he was also getting something from the act. He had never 
considered turning a girl on before. Up until now only his pleasure 
had been a consideration. He was quite surprised just how short a 
time it took to bring her to the boil.

Betty on the other hand had never known that such a practice was 
possible. She had no idea of what was about to happen when the boy 
put his head between her legs. She had thought that his lips were 
sexy when they touched her lips, but when they mated with her nether 
lips it was a whole new ball game. The boy was quite single minded in 
his pursuit, he was out to drive her mad with pleasure, and she had 
neither the will, nor the means, to stop him.

As before her screaming orgasm did not even cause him to lose his 
rhythm, he just kept on going. Her screams became whimpers, then 
built up to screams again. Billy's jaw was beginning to ache but 
still he was not allowed to let up. Again the whimpering began to 
change and the girl was really thrashing hard against her restraints 
as she peaked for a third time. At last the delightful torture 
ceased. Betty was left gasping for breath while Billy stood up and 
wiped his chin.

For the first time Betty was allowed to look up at the ceiling. 
Facing her was a flat panel, wide screen monitor. Filling the whole 
of the frame was an enlarged picture of her pussy. She hardly 
recognised it at first as it was quite puffed up and very wet. The 
lips had never been so full and succulent. Billy's efforts in 
preparing her had not been in vain, even she could see her pussy was 
ready for action.

Suddenly at the bottom of the picture something moved. It was black 
and huge as it slid directly over her open slit. A hand pushed it 
down and she felt something warm and hard touch her nether lips. She 
had an unrestricted view, which she found she was being forced to 
watch, as  the black cock head parted her lips and started to enter 
her. She begged him to stop, but he ignored her. Then she was made to 
relax totally to facilitate his penetration. 

Even as the iron hard rod pushed its way in she could see the pussy 
juice seeping out round the edges. In no time at all the invader had 
parted the lips of her pussy far wider than they had ever been 
separated before, and still it came on. Suddenly it hit her 
maidenhead and she felt a sharp pain. Her body involuntarily tensed, 
the boy noticed and paused.

"OK bitch, here goes your cherry!" he said, with a nasty grin.

Again she pleaded with him, "No, please don't, I'm keeping my 
virginity until I'm married."

But the boy had already given a vicious thrust with his hips, she 
felt a piercing pain in her belly and she could almost hear her hymen 
rip as his manhood pushed deep into her. When her screams had died to 
whimpers Billy said, "Oops, sorry, you told me too late, your 
cherry's just been popped."

He gave her little time to get over the fact she was no longer a 
virgin and soon he was pushing his manhood up her ever widening cunt. 
It was now reaching places where nothing had ever gone before. Had 
Billy been left to his own devices, he would have rammed it home with 
as much force as he could muster. However, thanks to Kurt restraining 
this impulse, he was at last discovering the delights of a nice tight 
cunt. It moistly engulfed his prick as it made its way in, millimetre 
by millimetre. He truly thought he had found the entrance to heaven, 
and he was now intent on moving in.

Betty, on the other hand, could hardly believe what she was seeing on 
the screen above her. Nearly three quarters of the black shaft had 
disappeared up her pussy. She felt impossibly stretched down there 
and she was positive that the black monster would split her in two at 
any second. But still her ordeal continued and the ebony rod was 
slowly pushed right into her widely splayed crack, filling her 
totally. She had never imagined that she could accommodate anything 
so large.

When it was in to the hilt, and his coarse black pubes were crushed 
against her silky red ones, Billy took a breather. He stood between 
the girl's raised and spread legs, with his manhood buried in her 
cunt. He made it buck inside her just to watch her react. Casually he 
reached out and played with her nipples. The thought that soon they 
would be used to feed his baby made his cock twitch again.

His hands ran over her smooth, flat belly. In a few months, thought 
Kurt, it would begin to show, just a little bulge at first, barely 
noticeable and easy to hide. But things wouldn't stop there. Inside 
her the baby would be growing and more room would be needed, so the 
swelling would get bigger, less easy to conceal. Until one day 
someone would notice and then the cat would be out the bag. Soon the 
whole world would know that she had been fucked, and he would be the 
one who had caused it.

With infinite slowness he pulled back almost all the way. Instantly a 
look of relief passed over the face of the girl. He watched it change 
as he pushed back in. Now if Billy had had his way the fuck would 
have been over very quickly. He desperately wanted to shoot his wad 
up her tight little cunt and make sure she was up the duff. But Kurt 
had other ideas and Billy had to obey. 

He fucked slowly and after a while the girl's body began to respond. 
Alan, although not controlling the girl was far from idle. He was now 
working with the girl's subconscious mind. Everything that she found 
pleasurable, he amplified the signal. Given the fact that most humans 
find sex addictive, this amplification only reinforced the addiction. 
Soon Betty was enjoying the feeling of her pussy being reamed out by 
Billy's manhood. She could now sense another orgasm hovering in the 
wings.

When it hit she discovered that a penetrative orgasm was something 
else again. She was in no way surprised that the boy simply rode her 
right through it. In fact Billy loved the spasms that wracked her 
whole body and the desperate way her cunt seemed to try and milk the 
seed out of his balls. Yes, there was no doubt in his mind, this 
particular bitch was begging for it, and he was just the nigger to 
give it to her. Well, he would be, if only he could cum.

Long before she had come down properly her next orgasm was building. 
This time she just luxuriated in it, letting it take her mind and 
body wherever it pleased. While she floated on clouds of bliss, Billy 
was not allowed to miss a stroke. By now his balls were hurting from 
being pulled up against the base of his prick for so long. 

Suddenly Billy found that he was no longer under the control of 
another. At long last he could cum when he wanted. However, he was 
now determined to drive the bitch to one more orgasm and then, when 
she was yelling and shouting, he'd let go and fill her cunt for her. 
He would not have long to wait, he could feel it building already.

Calmly and very deliberately he worked her up to her peak. As her 
cunt gripped his manhood in a loving embrace he finally came. With a 
feral shout he pumped his seed deep into her guts, spurt after spurt 
until his balls were empty. When he was done he found that he was 
being controlled again.

Betty had again let her orgasm take her over and never even noticed 
her partner shooting. Alan on the other hand revelled in the feeling 
of the cock exploding. He counted each wad as it shot out of the 
invading cock and sprayed her innards.

It was only as Betty was finally drifting down from the greatest high 
of her life that the awful truth dawned on her. The boy had not 
pulled out, he had cum inside her. Terror's cold hand clutched her 
heart.

"You lied," she sobbed, "you promised to pull out in time."

"So?" said Billy, slowly pulling out the cock that had done the dirty 
deed.

"But I might have a baby."

"Oh, you WILL have a baby, I never miss," boasted Billy.

"What!" cried the girl.

"Every time I fuck a girl, I knock her up. So you'd better start 
collecting loose fitting dresses, 'cause you'll soon be needing 
them."

"But my folks, what will they say if they ever find out?"

"If? If? They're bound to notice sooner or later. The first few 
months you'll likely get away with it. But when this nice flat belly 
of yours begins to swell�"

"No," wailed Betty.

"But, just after they have all got used to the idea of you having a 
baby, it's gonna arrive. Then they'll know what sort of boy has been 
screwing their innocent little daughter. My, won't your mummy and 
daddy be proud of you when you present them with a little nigger 
bastard," said the boy, making her howl even louder. Not surprising 
really, considering her father's somewhat racists views.

Billy was quite surprised at the words which came out of his mouth, 
but he had to admit that they were quite a turn on. Both he and the 
girl now examined his handiwork. From Betty's point of view her pussy 
looked totally destroyed. It was obscenely wide open, blood and spent 
sperm were everywhere, it would never be the same again. To Billy the 
sight of a freshly fucked cunt looked appealing. Much more welcoming 
that the thin slit that it had been such a short time before.

He was made to kneel and go down on her. Initially, to his disgust, 
he was forced to eat her out again. But as things progressed and he 
got used to the taste of the mixture, he began to enjoy the process.

Betty could not believe what was happening to her now. She was being 
compelled to have another orgasm by the boy who had just raped her. 
Try as she might to resist him she ended up screaming her delight as 
her tormentor took her over the edge one last time.

Calmly Billy released her bonds and helped her off the bed. Hand in 
hand they left the basement and climbed the stairs. Just before they 
parted they embraced and kissed like lovers. Then Betty got down and 
lovingly kissed the cock that had just impregnated her. When she rose 
he patted her on the butt and they went into their respective rooms.

Inside they each had a shower, dried and got dressed. Later, in the 
truck, with Billy at the controls they drove off. Betty was dropped 
of near her church and went home with no recollection of anything 
having taken place. 

"Boy, that was one wild session," said Alan.

"Yeah, it's a pity the bitches only last one go, I could take a 
repeat of that one any night," agreed Kurt.

"Well, we could keep using the boy. I loved his hip action," said 
Alan, in a dreamy voice.

"OK, let's ask him," Kurt said, reaching for his phone.

Billy was driving towards his home in the truck when a mobile phone 
rang. He pulled into a lay-by and found the phone in the glove 
compartment. When he answered it he found he had control of his own 
voice again.

A man's voice spoke from the phone, "So Billy, did you enjoy knocking 
up a white girl for a change?"

Confused Billy just muttered, "Yeah!"

"Yes, virgins are nice and tight, aren't they. And it is so much 
better to take your time and fuck them properly, isn't it?"

"Shit yeah!"

"So if we called on you to do it again, that would be OK with you?"

"YEAH!" said Billy emphatically.

"OK then, we'll see if we can get you into that 20-20 club of yours," 
said the voice, before the connection was broken.

Billy drove the van to a point quite close to his home. Then he got 
out, hid the key and walked home, one very happy lad.

Betty knew that her pussy hurt for the next few days but, thanks to 
Alan's programming, she paid it no heed. The fact that her periods 
had stopped also seemed to escape her notice.

She did not mention anything about being sick in the mornings to her 
folks. In fact the only one who noticed any change in her was Bert. 
He came round to visit when he knew she would be home alone, as was 
his usual pattern. Everything was going the way it normally did until 
he got his hand on her leg.

At this point he expected to get a slap and told to stop, but she 
said nothing. Experimentally he slid his hand further up the inside 
of her thigh, she still did not object. When he reached the elastic 
of her knickers he was beginning to sweat, he had never got this far 
before.

His heart was in his mouth as he ventured inside her knickers and 
discovered what she kept in there. His fumbling fingers were not what 
she was expecting and his hand was roughly pulled out. What happened 
next shocked the poor boy to the core. 

He was dragged up to his cousin's bedroom and there she undressed 
completely. She lay on her bed and spread her legs wide. Then she 
took his hand and gave him a lesson on how to finger a girl to an 
orgasm. Fortunately Bert was a quick learner because he had to make 
her cum twice more before she was happy.

After that she turned her attention to his sexual organs and he soon 
found that he was standing with his shorts and underwear round his 
ankles. Betty was pleasantly surprised with what she found, although 
Bert was rather skinny, he was quite well hung, for a white boy, that 
is. Before he could recover his senses his cock was slowly 
disappearing down her throat.

Bert had some previous experience of oral sex, he had bullied his 
younger brother into sucking his cock. However that had very little 
to do with what his cousin was doing to him now. Her hands were 
pressing against his naked buns and driving his hips forward. He 
quickly caught on to the idea and fucked her face.

Unfortunately Bert did not have Kurt's iron will to restrain him, 
thus the joy of having his previously prim cousin deep throat him, 
quickly overcame the little mastery he had over his manhood. As a 
result he shot his bolt while his member was deeply embedded in the 
young girl's throat. Although this deprived her of the pleasure of 
tasting his cum, she did get to experience the sensation of a cock 
discharging in her throat and the humiliation of being force fed his 
jism.

For Bert the next bit was not quite as much fun, she held him firmly 
by his ears until he learned how to eat pussy properly. But as a 
reward for finally doing it correctly he was allowed to mount her. If 
she wasn't going to insist on using a condom, he certainly wasn't 
going to mention it. No teenage boy can resist the offer of a 
bareback fuck. To his delight, this liaison became a weekly event.

As he was the only person who was seeing her naked, he was the first 
to notice her increase in girth. Well, at first he didn't see it, but 
eventually it became so obvious that even he noticed. Secretly he 
began to worry, but as she never mentioned it, he kept off the 
subject. After all he was getting his oats once a week on a regular 
basis, and most teenage boys would give their eye teeth for that.

As her waistline increased she began to favour loose fitting dresses. 
Fortunately this came about as winter was starting and she got away 
with the deception for a surprisingly long time. Eventually however 
one of the more observant nuns at school got a look at her in profile 
and the game was up.

Bert heard the news of his cousin's pregnancy and nearly crapped in 
his pants. He waited, trembling for the axe to fall, but Betty 
refused to name the father of her child. When Bert's name was 
mentioned she reacted with utter contempt. The poor boy did not know 
whether he should be relieved or indignant. Fortunately he had enough 
sense to shut up.

The Epilogue

Not long afterwards a ghastly discovery was made at her school. 
Another girl was found to be in an 'interesting' condition. This 
caused great alarm and all the pupils who had reached puberty were 
given a medical examination. 

The school doctor was a woman, and she was not in the least surprised 
by the number of girls who were no longer virgins. Although the 
figure might at first appear to be high, it was well below the 
national average. However when it came to the number of pregnancies, 
she was really shocked.

The total, including Betty's, came to eighteen. This plague of 
pregnancies nearly caused the closure of the school. Oddly enough 
none of the girls had any recollection of having sex. Some months 
later when all the babies had arrived, and DNA testing had proved 
that they had the same father, all hell broke lose.

Every male Negro in the town, old enough to sire a child, had his DNA 
tested. As refusal to be tested would have been tantamount to 
admitting guilt, none dare refuse. Fortunately Billy lived so far 
away that no one thought of testing him. His only regret was, he 
could not boast of his conquests to peers.

Kurt and Alan had long since realised that the school's rash of 
pupils gaining porcine proportions would soon be getting far too much 
publicity. So they had moved their supply base to another school in a 
distant town. In fact, by the time the first of the babies were being 
born, they had moved on twice more. Working at the rate of about two 
sessions a week it took the team a little over two months to 
inseminate twenty girls. 

They kept using Billy, who had now totally given up wanking, the 
perennial hobby of all teenage boys. Kurt favoured him because he now 
required the minimum of control. Besides he had become quite a sexual 
athlete in his own right and as such, a most entertaining host. 

                                  The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jamie Buren


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





