BDSM Library - Submission of Anjali




Submission of Anjali
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  An excerpt of the life of a poor girl who had put herself into the hands of a wealthy man, for a contract period of 2 years in return for a monthly salary which she needed desperately to pay debts for her family.
An excerpt of the life of a poor girl who had put herself into the hands of a
wealthy man, for a contract period of 2 years in return for a monthly salary
which she needed desperately to pay debts for her family. This story has no
resemblance to any individual and the names are purely fictitious.

If you wish to contact the author, his email is indian_thrust@yahoo.com

Part - A
She knocked at the door, and was promptly asked to enter. She faces a medium
sized room, which looks like an office. "Good Morning sir", she greets the only
person in the room, who had his back towards her, making a drink for himself.

The man turned slowly, and looked at her. She was beautiful. The man nodded at
the girl to take a seat, and he himself leisurely dropped a few ice cubes into
his drink before he settled behind a large table. "I am Ajay", the words gruffly
came out of his thick lips. "What is your name ?", the man looked deep into the
girl's eyes, making her conscious and she dropped her gaze. "Anjali", she
replied in a meek voice. The man looked at her steadily without batting his
eyelids, "I gather you are seeking a job". The girl nodded, "yes sir". The man
leafed through some papers, as he spoke, "Look, I run this employment agency,
and I have clients who have a range of requirements. I need to understand your
capabilities, and what kind of money you are looking for as salary". He tapped
at the table irritatingly as he looked at the girl, his eyes slowly admiring her
skin and gently flowling hair. The girl lifted her eyes for a moment and dropped
them again. "Speak up girl", the man prompted.

Anjali lifted her eyes in a bold attempt, "Sir, I am a college drop out, my
father had recently expired, and we could not bear the expense of my education.
Moreover he has a huge debt pending against him, and we need a source of income
desperately. If we are unable to pay the debts, the lenders would auction off
our property and belongings, and I have a younger brother who is still in
school, and an old mother who has been sick ever since my father expired". A
trace of tell tale tear welled up in her eyes. "How much money are you looking
for ?", Ajay enquired. He looked at her as she again levelled her eyes, "Sir, we
have to pay back almost Rs. 30,000 as a monthly instalment for 2 years, and
beyond this we also need some money to be able to eat and support the education
of my brother".

The tapping of the table stopped, and there was pin drop silence in the room.
Ajay gave a dirty look to the girl, "Do you think that you can earn that kind of
money with your education ? Even computer science engineers who are most highly
paid dont get half that amount of money". He stood up, finishing his drink, "You
may leave now Anjali. I may not be able to help you, as the money that you are
looking for is not feasible for any kind of work that we have". He gave a sneer,
"Unless of course if you become a prostitute ! Even then you will be able to get
that kind of money only for the first few months". Ajay started to collect his
papers, "Now you may go", he prompted.

Anjali felt as if she was kicked by a mule, as her oppurtunity was turned down.
The tell tale tear in her eye converted into a stream and she wept silently, her
tears staining her cheeks constantly. "Sir, please try to help me, I have been
turned down everywhere, and someone had given me your reference, I am willing to
work as category X employee, as long as my financial condition can be taken care
of".

Ajay suddenly stopped in his tracks. "Category X, where did you hear this ?", he
left the file on the table and walked around the table to stand near Anjali. "I
was told by a man whom I met in a restuarant where I was working as a waiter",
she replied fearfully. "Are you aware what Category X means ?", asked Ajay.
"No", replied the girl. Ajay lighted a cigerette, "We have some clients who have
very specific personal requirements. They look for employees to work at their
places". Ajay continued, "The work is like a bonded labour. You are not allowed
to leave their site unless the contract period is over, and the work
predominantly requires sexual services to be rendered to the employer and at
times to his friends/clients. We have never hired any girl at the salary that
you are asking for, but we can try". Anjali was speechless for a while, "Sir, I
would work as category X". She covered her face in humilation as she wept
loudly.

Ajay nodded thoughtfully, "Anjali, shut your weeping up. Come to my office on
Monday at 10 am. I would call one of the prospective client, who can pay this
kind of a package. I cannot promise you anything, but that is probably your best
bet. Now you may go", he picked up the file, and walked with Anjali to the door.

Anjali walked in a daze, as she left Ajay's office. She was feeling nervous, and
she was hopeful also. She had never been physically close to any guy, let alone
indulge in sex. She was like a trapped animal, there didnt seem any other way
out of the situation that she was in, and if she was to take care of the
financial crisis, then would have to sacrifice her emotions, feelings and may be
her virginity as well.

She waited outside the door, on Monday. As the clock struck 10, she gave a light
knock. "Come in", she recognised the familiar voice of Ajay. With trembling
hands she opened the door, and entered. The room was dark today, as all curtains
and blinds were drawn. A small bulb lent the solitary brightness to the room.
She felt the presence of someone else in the room, but she was afraid to look
around. She stood at the closed door behind her. "Anjali, please bolt the door
from inside, and take a seat", Ajay's voice was gruff as earlier. Anjali felt
like closing the whole deal and running out of the room, but she knew that this
was her only choice. She slowly bolted the room, and took the only chair that
was in the room. As her eyes got used to the dim light, she noticed the other
man, who was supposedly the "Client". The room was smelling of tobacco, and
there were two glasses containing unfinished drinks on the table.

Ajay began, "Anjali, please meet Mr. Anil", he continued, "and she is Miss
Anjali about whom I was talking to you. I have already updated you what she
needs, and I have also given her an idea of what category X work means". Anil
nodded to the girl, as he lewdly looked at her from head to toe. Anjali froze at
the prospect of working for Anil in the manner she had been told. She felt as if
his eyes were slowly stripping her naked. Anil placed a paper on the table,
"These are the agreement papers for the contract", looking at Ajay, "I feel you
should make her very clearly aware of the contract terms".

Anjali was feeling dizzy, all life had drained from her limbs, and she
helplessly sat with her knees tightly pressed together, and fingers clenched
into tiny fists in her lap. Ajay lifted the contract papers, "I am going to read
these to you. Think over it, and if you feel you can go for it, you can give a
ring to Anil, and come here tomorow with your belongings to sign the papers".

The contract read :
'This is an agreement between Mr. Anil, henceforth referred to as Master in this
doument, and Miss Anjali, henceforth referred to as slave in this document.

The slave agrees to work on a contract period of 24 months with Master. The
venue of work will be dictated by Master, and it could be anywhere on this
earth.

The slave will not be allowed to meet or contact anyone during the contract
period.

If the slave decides to abort the contract before the time is over, she is
required to pay back three times the total remaining contract period's salary in
cash.

Master owns the slave during the contract period. slave WILL have to abide by
rules defined by Master. The ownership of the Master over the slave includes her
body, and all belongings.

Master will ensure that slave is in good physical conditions when the contract
finishes. Master will not treat the slave in any manner which leaves any
permanent mark on her body or disfigures or mutilates her. In case he decides to
do so, he will have to pay 10 times the total contract period's salary to her
dependants, and then she will be considered to be owned for her life by the
Master.

The slave may be forced to do anything Master wants, and it would include sexual
activities of all kinds. These may be extended to Master's friends and clients.
In case slave resists, she may be subjected to any kind of punishment or torture
that Master deems fit.

The slave has no say during the contract period, as long as Master is not
permanently marking or disfiguring her ( without the decided payment ).

Master will pay 50,000 Rs per month as salary to slave's dependents, and slave
will be allowed to mail the salary cheque to her dependants on her own using
standard public mail system.

Signatures of slave

Signature of Master

Signature of Agent
'.

By the time the agreement has been read out, Anjali feels that she is going to
get sick. Her tears start to run involuntarily. She understands that if she
agrees to this contract, there is no way she can get out of the contract, as she
will never be able to pay the required amount of money, unless it is close to
finishing of the contract.

Ajay looks at Anjali, and taps at the table, "Anjali, I have read the agreement.
Now tell me if you can go for this or not. We are not forcing you, so you dont
need to cry. If you are not willing, you are welcome to getup and go". Anil
lights a cigerette, and blows a heavy smoke ring into the air, "girl, you need
to decide fast. It is either a yes or a no. I dont believe in negotiations".
Anjali felt as if an alien voice came from within her, "Yes, I agree", and she
wailed into her palms, trying to stifle her tears and trembling body.

Anil, stood up, "Good. I have given you a very good deal, and it will easily
take care of your financial conditions. But remember that I am a very demanding
person, and at times I would want you to be in pain and scream for me, as I may
derive some pleasure from it".

Ajay, did not make any comment, "Anil, you may interview her in private as you
desired, so that you may be able to assess her and be sure if you can pay the
amount of money you are promising", looking at Anjali, "I would leave both of
you in privacy, for 10 minutes, this will be ample time for Master to be sure of
the deal he is getting into", saying this Ajay walked out of the office, bolting
the door from outside.

Anil smiled at anjali, as he tapped the ash in an ashtray, "Wipe your tears".
Anjali quickly rubbed her sleeve on her cheeks, and looked down. "How old are
you ?", Anil looked leeringly at her, "20" she replied. "You are to address me
as Master always", demanded Anil. Anjali looked at Anil's rough hands, "Yes
Master".

She was a beautiful girl, with well proportioned body. She was a regular to gyms
until recently when her father's death had thrown her entire life into
confusion. Her hair were smooth and silky, they fell much below her shoulders.

"Stand up anjali", she heard the command. Unwillingly she stood infront of Anil.
He walked near her, and walked around her, slowly inspecting her with his eyes.
His hands touched her hip, at which she reacted sharply by moving away. "Stay
still, and let me assess you bitch ! Do you expect me to pay that kind of money
without touching you ?", he gave a tight slap across her buttocks, at which she
squealed loudly and  jumped away from him, clutching at her ass cheeks. Fresh
tears ran from her eyes uncontrollably. "Look if you want to leave you may
leave", saying this Anil started to pack his bag. Anjali wept in pain and
helplessness, "I am sorry sir, please I need this job". Anil looked at her
distastefully, "you need this job eh", Anjali nodded with tear stained face.
Anil continued, "then come here". Anjaly gingerly walked towards him, "Hold my
hand" he commanded, "and give my hand a guided tour of your body". Anjali shrank
at his words, but looking at him still packing his bag, she walked up to him and
held his hand. She slowly raised his hand and placed her forehead on it, and she
wept uncontrollably. Anil stood up, and lifted her face up, he caressed her
cheeks, and slowly turned her around to face away from him. He slowly placed his
hands on her waist and slowly felt her body contours, while his hands moved
upwards on her sides, under her arms. She shuddered and squirmed, but tried not
to get away. Her breasts were slowly felt and mauled in Master's large and
powerful hands. His hands exlpored her torso and slipped between her tightly
held thighs. She didnt even realise when he came to face her and his hands
crumpled her buttocks as he felt and defied their firmness. After almost 5
minutes of intense pawing, Master stepped back looking clearly satisfied.
"Anjali, if you are willing to carry on, come tomorow with all your belongings.
I would give you your first month's allowance which you can mail to your family
from the nearest postoffice, and then we shall go to my place", saying this he
stood up. The door opened with a click and Ajay walked in. He looked at the
weeping girl, and her crumpled dress, "Anjali, you may leave now. And if you are
coming here tomorow, Master desires you to be in a skirt, which is not longer
than your knees".

Anjali was torn apart, her feelings were crushed, and she was deeply humilated.
She fought back her tears, as she walked back home. Her mind was confused, she
could still back out and not go to Ajay's office tomorow. But then where will
she get the money from. Aimlessely she reached home, and mechanically packed her
clothes. She hunted for a skirt which she was to wear. She could hardly sleep in
the night. In the morning she was at Ajay's office much before time.

She had a beautiful and sexy figure. Her buttocks were round and firm, with well
shaped thighs. She had taken special care of her skin right from her childhood,
and she had hoped that some day she will be wooed by her would be love, but it
seemed that her life will stop for 24 months. The white skirt was a little below
her knees, and she was wearing a matching top. She had a small bag with her
which contained her clothing.

She stepped into the office, and was greeted by Ajay promptly, "Ahh so you have
decided". She nodded tight lipped. She waited in his office for Anil to arrive,
who was not too late. Anil was clearly pleased when he looked at her. Her
flawless body was tantalising, his eyes kept exploring her swells of breasts and
her buttocks. Without much words, the agreement was pushed under her nose and a
pen was given to her. Anjali looked through her tearfull eyes amd scribbled her
signatures. Ajay congratulated Anil at his latest acquisition. Anil gave a
cheque of the promised amount to Anjali. The agreement was photocopied and one
copy was left with Ajay.

Anil smiled wryly at Anjali and Ajay, "Well, I guess we should leave shortly. I
demand that my slave should visit the ladies room and remove her panties and
place them in her purse and give that to me as a symbol of her submission". Anil
smiled at Anjali, as she opened her mouth in shock, "We can always cancel the
deal at this moment if you wish to". Anjali walked with her face bowed down in
submission, her eyes brimming with tears of shame, and she disappeared in the
ladies room".

Her whole life was passing like a kaliedoscope in her mind as she sat on the
passenger seat besides her 'owner'. Anil was a good driver and he handled the
powerful sports vehicle well. The landscape zoomed fast besides them, and after
a considerably long drive through isolated patches, he pulled besides a large
gate. Getting out of the vehicle, he unlocked the gate, opening it wide and
drove inside. Before carrying on he locked the gate behind himself. It appeared
like a large farm house with most of the area like a forest. There was unkept
foliage all around, even the path was littered with stones and fallen leaves. It
was absolutely quite, barring the sound of leaves and birds. The vehicle stopped
infront of a simple looking solitary house in the middle of this wild landscape.
"We are home", he announced. "Get your luggage out, and follow me", the command
was curt and to the point. Anjali drew herself out, and picked her suitcase and
gingerly followed behind her Master. She felt a cool waft of breeze between her
thighs where her important piece of garment was snatched away from her. She felt
like a toy, and she knew that she will have to pay through her nose to earn the
salary she is getting. She could already realise that no mercy would be
considered from Anil, her owner.


---- To be Continued




Part II --

She stood inside the room near the door, the door still ajar, her bag dangled
from her hand. The room was comfortable looking with dim lights. A very
prominent looking heavy oak chair with padded arm rests and dark toned polished
wood was among the few pieces of furniture in the room. There were few doors
which probably opened into other rooms. She was lost in her thoughts and a
sinking heart, that she didnt realise that her owner was not in the room. She
gave a start when one of the doors opened and Anil came out. He looked at his
latest acquisition, knowing that now he has all the time and freedom with this
girl. He could feel his flesh crawl around his groin as he imagined the poor
girl writhe in agony at his sadisitic whims. A cold voice broke the silence,
"anjali. Close the door behind you". She turned and closed the door shut. She
could feel lusty eyes exploring her minutely. Her face was flushed, and her eyes
were moist, but she had no alternative now. She turned back again. She was made
to place her bag in a cupboard which was locked and keys handed over to Anil,
who was to now decide what her fate was to be for the next 2 years. Little did
she know that her Master's desires were far more evil than just having sex with
her.

He placed his hand on her arm, below the shoulder, and guided her to the
kitchen. She heard him bark a command "Make some cofee". There was no courtesy
any more. He spat out the words into her face which made her cringe in terror.
She could feel the fear building up.

He walked back to the room.

Anjali had little problem as the kitchen was well stocked, and soon she brought
2 cups of steaming coffee to the table.

Anil looked at her darkly and looked at the second cup. He strode to her and
gave her a resounding slap across her face. A surprised squeall escaped anjali's
lips as she reeled under the sting of the slap, clutching her cheek. "I should
never see this again ! How dare you decide to have coffee with me !". The room
was quite except slight sobbing of anjali. Her Master shouted at her, "Get that
oak chair towards this corner !", he pointed to a corner. He watched as she
quickly moved to do what he said, not wanting to upset him more.

She strained at the chair which was very heavy. He watched her, as she pulled
and pushed, her body straining. Slowly she moved the chair where she was told.
Anil sipped at his coffee, "No turn it around.. face it towards the corner a bit
away from it". He walked over, and adjusted the chair to face the corner. The
sides of the chair faced the wall on either side as they came from the corner.
Snapping his fingers at anjali, "come here !", he made her stand infront of the
chair, her back towards the corner. He walked over to the kitchen and got a
small packet of biscuits, and took a seat on the chair, facing the girl, who
stood not more than 3-4 feet away from him. She stood literally cornered !

Anil took a sip at the coffee, "watching the girl slowly from head to foot". He
took a biscuit, munching it, enjoying the girl blushing in shame at being looked
at in this manner. "Remove your ring, earings, and any other ornaments which you
wear", handing her purse over to keep her stuff in. "From now onwards, you will
never wear any ornaments on your body".

He switched on a lamp, which shone at the corner brightly, adjusting it to
ensure that anjali was totally illuminated, he went back to his seat.

Her body shivered in fear and in subdued anticipation."Take off you shirt and
give it to me", she gave a whimper and a light sob, as she slowly unbuttoned her
top. Her smooth flawless skin exposed the most sensual woman Anil had ever seen.
She came forward and with downcast tear filled eyes dropped her shirt in the
willing hands of her Master. Anil picked up a leather shod cane from a near by
table. She looked in horror, as he slowly caressed her torso with the tip of the
cane. He circled her navel, and traced a line just above the waistline of her
skirt. He explored her sides, sliding the cane under her arms, and coninued his
inspection. A prod at her breasts brought her into reality, "Bra!", he
outstretched his hand.

Fresh tears rolled on her cheek, as she unwillingly handed over the bra, her
hands covering her breasts. He grinned at her last effort to maintain her
modesty, as he tapped at her wrists with the cane, asking her to remove them.
His eyes lit up lustfully as her smooth naked flesh exposed infront of his eyes.
Her head was bent low, and her slight sobs racked her body now and then. Her
smooth and flawless breasts stood firm, with brown aeroles tantalising.

He crossed his legs, and lighted a cigerrette. He was taking his time, as there
was no hurry. He owned her for sufficient time. Infact sufficient enough to make
her wish that she was never born. He placed the tip of the cane under her chin,
and lifted her face up. Her eyes were red as tears ran constantly. He gently
tapped the cane against her cheek, "Raise your arms girl, and place your fingers
behind your head, and then slowly turn around.. let me see the wares that are
available to me". He tapped the cane a trifle strongly, making her realise that
this was for real. He sat back and enjoyed the girl perform for him. She felt
very unprotected as she raised her arms, her armpits opened up, and she slowly
turned. A tap against her hip on the right side, "Stop!". She stood with her
back towards him. He slowly traced the tip of the cane on her buttocks, making
her squirm uncomfortably. Again he took his time and anjali was made to bear the
shame painfully. "Drop your skirt slave". This command resounded her ears. She
went red in shame, a persistent tap of the cane on her hip prodded her to
proceed to drop all modesty for a man who leered at her right behind her. She
slowly undid her skirt, and bent forward slightly to push it down. Her buttocks
thrust out towards her Master, who slowly slid his cane between her cheek, and
then let the cane push the skirt further down around her ankles. She stood naked
with her back towards her owner. She knew that now all was over. Her life was to
change for ever. She cursed her fate, and her situation that had forced her to
sell herself to a man like the one who owned her now.

She was turned all around several times, every inch of her body was proddded and
explored by his cane. Her short and sharp gasps were all that were heard in the
room, while he ensured that he had seen all and probed everywhere on her body.
He stood up, and holding her by her arm led her from the inspection corner,
towards the centre of the room. She stood naked except her sandals. Leaving her
there, he went and rummaged in a box. After a while he came back towards her. He
held a pair of steel handcuffs in his hands. She backed away slightly. In a deft
action he grasped her wrist and yanked her harshly making her cry out. She feels
her both hands held together and cold metal encapsulates her wrists. The short
link between the handcuffs is similar to the handcuffs which are used for
prisoners. It allows very limited movement. He grins at her as he attaches her
cuffs to a overhanging rope, which he adjusts to keep her elbows at her head
level. Leaving her so, he disppears for a while.

When he returns he carries with himself a rope girdle. He wraps the girdle
around her waist, and pulls the rope through an attached clamp. He pulls it
tight, letting the girdle rest on the broadening of her hips. Anjali feels the
rope soaked in water. It is a hemp rope which has been thoroughly doused with
water. This rope hardens and tightens as it will dry. Now he takes another
length of rope which is slightly thinner than the girdle, and he loops it over
the girdle rope just below her navel, then pulling the ends of that rope to make
them equal, he pulls it through her thighs behind her. She gives a start as two
ropes dig into her crotch. She feels him securing the rope in the girdle behind
her. The rope passes through her cunt and between her ass cheeks. He tugs it,
her gasp is loud as the rope cuts into her, her pussy lips split open by the two
ropes. The girdle bends below her navel, as the looped rope is pulled. He allows
her to be for a while, then again with a sharp tug he tightens it further. Now
she gasps no more. Each tug makes her cry out loud in pain. Once he feels that
he has secured her enough, he knots the rope at the girdle just at her tail
bone. The knot is bulky, and is well placed just against her tail bone. It is a
constant pain and even slight movement would make her wince.

He laughs as he watches her, clutch her thighs tight and bending slightly
forward to ease herself. He knows that the rope will be more cruel as they dry
up.

"You should get used to wearing this girdle more often", he says wickedly..
"Come let me show you my ranch". He releases her handcuffs from the overhanging
rope, and attaches it to a leash. He then pulls out a blind fold and wraps it
around her eyes.

He grins, "well you may not be able to see much of my ranch, so I guess you will
need to only feel it.. remove your sandals". She does the needful, and then she
feels herself being led out of the room.

She winces as her bare feet scrape against small stones and rocks, as she is
pulled by the leash by her Master. The sun beats her naked body mercilessly, and
she is pulled harshly. Not being able to see, she steps on sharp corners of
rocks, and jumps as she feels things prick at her feet. Anil doesnt let her take
respite, and walks her through wild undergrowths, and rocky patches. She forgets
all about her nudity. All that she cares at the moment is the minimising of her
pain as it shoots through her soles.

Her energy is sappes, and sweat breaks out on her body. It is almost half an
hour she is paraded, before she lets out a sigh feeling smoother surface of the
floor, and cool shade of the room.

She whimpers in pain, her crotch is hot in pain. Anil unclasps her girdle, and
pulls it off. Allowing her blindfold off, and releasing her handcuffs. He gives
her buttocks a loud spank making her scream. "Take a bath and ready yourself,
you have to work for a long night today". He pushes her into a room and clicks
the lock. The room is furnished with a small bed, and a bathroom toilet. Anjali
bursts into tears.. she caresses her sore pussy, and tries to cool her rashes
with the cold water. She is now terrified of what all she might be made to
undergo, her ordeal had just begun. She starts to despair.

-- to be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Indian_Thrust


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





