BDSM Library - The Seduction and Enslavement of Young, Innocent Eric




The Seduction and Enslavement of Young, Innocent Eric
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A newly orphaned teen's guardian has a very different plan for her new charge.  Helen slowly seduces then subjugates Eric to fulfill her every sexual and domestic whim.The Seduction and Enslavement of Young, Innocent Eric: The Path to Total Control 
I knew what I was thinking was evil. But still, I couldn't convince myself
  it would be wrong, not with the excitement, sexual and otherwise, that I felt
  when I thought about it. Marion, my office assistant of nearly five years
  had just died prematurely from cancer. She had been a single, overprotective mother
  of a shy 16-year boy named Eric. They had had no other relatives, even
  the father, if he was even known, was long, long gone and never heard from. When
  she had been diagnosed, Marion asked me if she would become Eric's guardian
  in the event she did not recover. I agreed. None of what I was thinking
  about occurred to me then, when I said yes, so I am not sure why I did. I
  guess you don't say no to that kind of request when someone has just been given
  the worst news of their life. But I had agreed. 
The Glint in Her Eye 
I am Helen and I am 35 years old. I am rising in my profession in the
  business world, but I never married, never really met a man I was interested
  in marrying. I am career-driven and consequently do not have much
  of a social life. I have a few close friends of like-minded women, but
  we'll come to them in time. But now I had Eric. He was my responsibility---and
  my opportunity. I decided quickly that I did not want to raise a teenager. What
  I really wanted was to utterly control another human being, preferably a male
  because it would be more satisfying, to make him my slave to everything and
  anything I wanted.  The fact that Eric was a young male, malleable,
  manipulable, virginal made it doubly appealing. And the more I thought
  about it, the more and more I wanted it.  Becoming responsible for
  Eric is what gave me the idea, his unique isolation and dependency on me. Why
  not make it complete? Why shouldn't I have someone who is totally devoted
  to satisfying all of my sexual and domestic needs? The more I thought
  about, the more I rationalized that in doing so Eric would lead a very useful
  and productive life---for me. 
I realized that to do this right I would have to start slowly, but also quickly
  enough to take advantage of his emotional vulnerability. I wanted no trouble
  from any outside authorities, whether that was the school, police or the boy's
  friends. Turns out, he really didn't have any of the latter, his shyness
  being an obstacle to them. But that very same shyness would be a valuable tool
  for me. Eric had moved into my house about a week before Marion died,
  and it was when he was first there that my thoughts about the looming responsibility---and
  opportunity---I had took their new shape. It had started simply by the
  fact that I encouraged him to help out in the house and keep it clean, which
  being the polite one that he was, he agreed readily. He also seemed a
  bit eager to please, but that is probably not unusual in someone in his position. He
  was also a cute, decent-looking kid. His butt in particular, I noted with
  satisfaction was tight and rounded. Still, few would think of him as a
  stud. Just was well, I thought, so those types are always so full
  of themselves. He was also 5'6&quot; and 145 pounds, whereas I was 6'2&quot; and
  a voluptuous 165. I towered over him in my bare feet, much less my 4&quot; heels. Our
  physical differences made clear to me, at least, that I was definitely the
  stronger and that would prove both useful and, eventually, fun. I am very
  fit and pretty good lucking myself. One man, whom I had dated very
  briefly, called me sultry. In the beginning, though, my height reinforced
  my authority. 
The Plan 
The key strategy to Eric's seduction and eventual enslavement, I soon realized,
  was going to be his slow isolation from other people, reinforcing his dependence
  on me for everything, combined with careful sexual provocation on my part. I
  know how teenage boys think. Most of their idle thoughts are about sex,
  and here I was quite sure Eric was no different. When we had packed up
  his things from his mother's apartment, I had offered to carry a carefully
  tied stack of magazines he was saving, but he quickly refused and stuffed them
  a box he would carry. I was counting on the boy's genetically inspired
  lust to carry him a good distance of the way to me. What was required,
  though was to severely restrict the outlets for that lust, until I was the
  only one he had. The first step was to severely restrict the TV. Easy
  enough. The only one was in my room behind a locked center. The other
  was school. I needed to get Eric away from those nubile young girls, not
  because he was dating them---he wasn't--but when he masturbated at night, as
  all boys do, I didn't want images of Bambi the tart in his head. I wanted
  images of me. So I told Eric that he would be privately schooled at my
  home by a private tutor. The school guidance counselor agreed that this
  might be beneficial for him, one-on-one education. I couldn't have agreed
  more! 
The selection of a tutor, because the school would check at first, was important. I
  rejected out of hand a number of relatively young, fresh out of college education
  majors. They wouldn't do at all. I rejected all men, of course. The
  last thing I wanted was some male role model for the boy. Finally, I settled
  on Mrs. Fitzpatrick, a 60-year, very heavy-set retired teacher with thick glasses
  and a smoker's cough. Perfect. 
We settled into that routine for a few weeks. I would go to work. Eric
  would be tutored at home. In the evenings, we made dinner together. Then
  I started making some subtle changes. My evening casual wear got slowly
  more provocative. I had hidden cameras installed in Eric's room. I
  certainly need to know what he did and when he did it. I also made sure
  that the house was always quite warm, but his room was the warmest. I
  figured that would increase my chances of seeing what I wanted to see when
  he was in there alone. 
I began to discover Eric's routine. After our dinners replete with my
  subtlety revealing outfits, Eric would go to his room for 15 minutes and masturbate. Then
  he would come out and we would do normal things in the evening. After
  spending more time with me, when he went to bed, he would do so again before
  falling asleep. Once I had this figured out, I could take the first crucial
  step. 
I came home one night as usual. I changed. I was wearing tight black
  cotton running shorts and a tight black tee-shirt, absent my bra. My
  long, athletic legs were bare and the boy was increasingly looking
  at me when we were together. I wasn't a magazine or a television screen,
  I was live and constantly found excuses to brush up against my prey. Eric
  and I made and ate our dinner. After we cleaned up, he excused himself
  and went to his room. I waited five minutes, very quietly walked to his
  room, and then walked in on him. There were no locks on any rooms
  in the house, but my own, something I explained to Eric in the beginning, but
  I had never made a big deal about it. Useful, now, though. He had
  his pants down, his penis was fully erect and enjoying the ministrations of
  Eric's hands. He, of course, was mortified, and quickly pull a sheet
  over his lower body. I apologized but did not leave (inwardly I was ecstatic
  at having arrived at the right moment). I had come in mentioning some
  administrative detail of the house. He appeared almost afraid at first
  of what was going to happen. This was the key moment. 
&quot;Eric, dear, don't be embarrassed. There is nothing to be ashamed
  of. What you're doing is perfectly natural and understandable.&quot; I
  moved toward him. &quot;I told you from the day you arrived here I would
  take care of all your needs and protect you. I am certainly not going
  to scold you.&quot; The fear started to evaporate from Eric's eyes, though
  he was still very unsure what would or should happen next. I sat down
  on the bed and gently pushed him by the chest onto his back into a lying down
  position. &quot;I will help you with everything you need. I'd rather
  help than not know.&quot; With one hand gently but firmly holding his
  chest down, I masturbated him with the other. A couple of times he started
  to speak but I shushed him. Not knowing what to make of the situation
  or what to do, he simply obeyed. It was I was pleased to see his natural
  reflex. When we were done, I smiled at him and then got up to leave. The
  look in his eyes betrayed a puppy-dog look of love as I exited the room. 
This started to happen more often. The next day, we made dinner as usual,
  but Eric didn't talk much. He was, however, stealing more than the usual
  number of furtive glances at my breasts and legs. When dinner was over
  and we had cleaned up, Eric lingered a bit longer than usual but finally, quietly
  excused himself. His difficulty was showing quite readily. &quot;Eric,&quot; I
  asked, &quot;would you like me to go with you?&quot; He looked at me as
  if the light in his eyes had been turned on. He gave me an impish smile
  and replied, &quot;Yes, Ma'am, please.&quot; I smiled back and followed
  him to his room. &quot;You need not call me 'Ma'am,' Eric. 'Miss
  Helen' will do.&quot; Eric would always have to use a title with me. It
  is just that the title would change in time. 
&quot;Yes, Miss Helen.&quot; As we entered his room, Eric looked at me. &quot;Go
  ahead, dear, do what you always do.&quot; He sat on the edge of the bed
  and laid down, lowering his shorts and underwear to just below his groin. His
  penis was a raging erection. I put one hand on his chest and held firmly. My
  other hand brought him to an eruption within a minute. &quot;Let's clean
  up and go back downstairs.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Miss Helen. Thank you.&quot; 
&quot;Your welcome, Eric.&quot; I knew he would do it again later. But
  my goal at this point wasn't to control his every movement, but just get myself
  past that bedroom door. 
After several days of this routine, I was determined on a change. On
  Wednesday, after we entered his room, I said: &quot;Eric, I think it would
  be better if you undressed completely for this. There would be less risk
  of messing up the clothes.&quot; He seemed to hesitate for second,
  but then quickly complied. First his shirt came off, then his shorts and
  underwear. I inhaled silently and nearly wet myself. Eric didn't
  have a sculptured body, but he had almost no body hair, except at his groin. More
  importantly, he was now naked in my presence, while I still remain fully, if
  provocatively, clothed. The power I felt in the situation excited
  me as never before! My bare hand held down firmly a naked chest. It
  was a beautiful evening. 
Helen's Room 
After two more weeks of this, the day came for the next crucial moment. He
  need to start serving my needs. After dinner, as Eric lay naked on his bed
  with my hand on his chest, I almost started to stroke him but then stopped. &quot;Eric,
  have you enjoyed staying with me, you know, my taking care of you, taking care
  of what you need.&quot; Eric's eyes widened as if he were shocked at the
  question. &quot;Why, yes, Miss Helen. Very much!&quot; 
&quot;Would you say, Eric, that it would be fair of me, after all I have done,
  to ask you for more help in doing things that need to be done around here?&quot; &quot;Yes,
  of course, Miss Helen,&quot; he replied very eagerly. &quot;I have needs,
  too, Eric, for which I would enjoy your help.&quot; 
Eric's eyes widened again. &quot;Miss Helen, I want to do whatever you
  want me to do.&quot; 
&quot;Very good, Eric.&quot; I nearly came right then and there. &quot;Why
  don't we go down to my room and you can help me in a way similar to how I am
  helping you. We'll take care of you, too, afterwards.&quot; He nodded. He
  reached for a robe, but I stopped him. &quot;No, dear,&quot; I smiled, &quot;come
  as you are.&quot; 
Eric entered my room as if he were entering a shrine. I had never permitted
  him in my room before for any reason. It was a beautifully appointed room
  with a large four poster bed. But that, posters and all, would be
  for later. &quot;Turn around, Eric, I wish to change into something more
  appropriate for this moment, and a young man shouldn't watch a lady change.&quot; He
  did as I asked. I took off my shirt to reveal my very ample bosom encased
  in tight black lace bra, while I eyed his gorgeous behind. My bra would
  stay on. I took off my shorts and revealed black lace panties. I
  put on a pair of fishnet stockings and ankle high black boots. I then
  sat in a large, comfortable sitting chair. &quot;Turn around, Eric, and
  come to me.&quot; The boy turned, stared, and blurted: &quot;Miss
  Helen, you are the most beautiful woman I have even seen.&quot; Of course,
  by this time I was the only woman he had seen in over month, except for poor
  old Mrs. Fitzpatrick, his tutor. I thought at that moment that the tutoring
  would soon have to end. The old bat was no rival to me, but what she was
  teaching was. I wanted Eric to have no opportunities, no prospects other
  than me. Education was independence, and there would be nothing available
  to Eric but me without a high school diploma. 
Eric came over, but he did look a bit confused. &quot;Come and kneel
  in front of me.&quot; He did so and my juices just flowed. &quot;I
  need you to please me, Eric, pleasure me with your mouth, here,&quot; as I
  pointed to the front of my panties. &quot;It is a most important way for
  any gentlemen to assist a lady. Come, take them off.&quot; Eric
  gently pulled my panties down over the fishnet encased legs and black shoeboots. As
  he did so, he revealed my large black bush. I had always been quite hairy
  there and never felt any reason to do anything about it. In light of my
  stature, it was probably almost as big as Eric's head. He hesitated, but
  he looked more uncertain as to what to do rather than unwilling. I drew him
  in closer and whispered in his ear, &quot;don't worry, just do what I tell
  you.&quot; With both my hands having a firm grip on the back of his
  head I guided his mouth to my folds. I showed him wear to lick, told him
  how, and gave him thorough encouragement. He quickly picked it up and
  we proceeded apace. After my first orgasm, I explained to Eric that women
  are different from men, superior in the sense we can and need to come more
  than once. As he returned to his duties, I locked my long, powerful legs
  behind his back. He wasn't going anywhere even if he wanted to change
  his mind. 
A Virgin No More 
We had spent an hour together the previous night. I had Eric work until
  I had come four times and then I relieved him. We did this nightly for
  some time, except for that time of the month when I couldn't. After several
  more weeks, I needed to complete the seduction to secure my control. I
  was becoming anxious to play my games with him. But I couldn't move too
  quickly because those games needed to be natural extension of our relationship
  and the relationship as yet as was incomplete. 
&quot;Eric,&quot; I said one morning, &quot;I had to let Mrs. Fitzpatrick
  go yesterday. From what I have seen of your work, I don't think she has
  been doing her job very well.&quot; Eric looked ashamed but said nothing
  at first. (There wasn't really anything wrong with his work, of course.) Finally,
  he asked: &quot;who will do it now.&quot; &quot;I don't know and it may
  take me some time to find someone suitable. In the meantime, I am going
  to have to ask you to take on more responsibilities around the house. Since
  you won't be doing much in the way of studying until I find a replacement,
  I expect you to fill your days making sure the work gets done and the house
  runs smoothly. I will leave you a list each day of what to do. This
  is fair, don't you think?&quot; &quot;Oh, yes Miss Helen. I'll do
  whatever you ask,&quot; Eric answered. Clearly this seemed reasonable
  to him. 
And so he did. For another week, our routine continued, Eric kept the
  house clean, fixed things (as he had for his mother), and maintained the yard. Finally,
  on a Saturday late in the month, after Eric had finished his duties in my bedroom,
  I suggested a change. &quot;Eric, you have worked so hard this week and
  we have helped each other so well, I thought we could stay here in my bed for
  the night.&quot; I took off my bra and laid beside him. &quot;You
  deserve more than what you have been getting, don't you think?&quot; Eric
  nodded slightly but the lust in his eyes and the smile on his lips were quite
  emphatic. Seizing the moment, I climbed on top of him, pinned his wrists
  with my hand, and soon we joined. I did it quickly before either one of
  us said or did something that caused us to hesitate. Eric came long before
  I was ready, but that didn't matter. We had sex repeatedly that night
  and every night thereafter. Eric was still required to serve me on his
  knees first, for I needed him to do that to reinforce his new station
  in life as my boy-toy. Eric's seduction was complete, and he was one the
  path to becoming my slave, but now I needed to accelerate that front. 
Enslavement and servitude 
&quot;Eric,&quot; I said one evening after I had had several orgasms
  but Eric was still on his knees performing his duties. &quot;Do you
  enjoy your life here with me?&quot; 
He looked at me, a little surprised. &quot;Oh, Miss Helen, very much! Why
  do you ask?&quot; 
&quot;Well, Eric, it is just that while I have enjoyed our time together, I
  must be frank and admit that our relationship, for me, isn't working quite
  right.&quot;  There was a fear in his eyes, a fear of loss, as
  I said this. Perfect! I thought.  &quot;I have never really
  had a conventional relationship with a man because they just didn't work for
  me. And our relationship is becoming so conventional.&quot; This
  wasn't really true of course. But I knew Eric's experiences with girls
  was very limited if not downright nonexistent and the routines I quickly
  allowed us to fall into reinforced the idea. &quot;I need someone completely
  devoted to me, Eric, someone who will do whatever I say and do it the way I
  say it.&quot; 
&quot;I am completely devoted to you Miss Helen! I promise to do
  whatever you say!&quot; I knew, of course, that he meant that, but I doubt
  he had ever contemplated where I was intending to take him. I looked at
  him skeptically and said: &quot;Really, Eric? Do you really
  mean that? Because what I want Eric is total control of our every moment
  spent in this house, total control of everything we---you---do. For all
  practical purposes, Eric you must become like a slave to me, willing to do
  what I want, when I want it, without needing a why. And failure to do
  so would bring consequences. For example, my first demand would be to
  get rid of your little pornography stash.&quot; 
Eric looked mortified that I knew about that. &quot;Oh, yes, I have always
  known. I have tolerated it because I understand what it is to be a teenage
  boy, but if we are to continue I cannot tolerate you having such distractions
  from me. It's demeaning to me, Eric.&quot; 
&quot;I'll throw them away right now! I'll do anything for you Miss Helen. If
  you need me to be your slave, I will be your slave!&quot; I smiled at
  him. &quot;Very well, let's do it now before we continue here.&quot; He
  got up and walked to his room. I was following closely behind. With
  my four-inch heels, I towered over Eric by a foot. I stood in his doorway
  with my arms crossed as he removed the stash from a box hidden under his bed. He
  gave them to me. &quot;Very good, Eric,&quot; and the boy was positively
  beaming, if not still a little embarrassed. &quot;Let's go back to my
  room now. When we got to my doorway, however, I stopped him. &quot;Things
  are going to change now, Eric. Remember, you agreed.&quot; He nodded.  &quot;The
  first change is that when we are in this room, you will call me 'Mistress'
  or 'Mistress Helen' Is that clear?  Elsewhere you may continue
  to call me 'Miss Helen.'  I will call you whatever I like, my
  little slaveboy. Clear?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Mistress&quot; came his answer and my groin warmed at the first
  sound of those words. &quot;Come, slaveboy, we are going to pick up where
  we left off a few minutes ago, but with some slight changes.&quot; He
  got back on his knees by the chair and I went to my closet for the box of items
  I had been collecting over the past two months. I pulled out a thick leather
  collar, a posture collar the store owner had called it. I only knew that
  slaveboy Eric would look handsome in it. I put it on him and attached
  the small padlock. I then put leather cuffs on his wrists and ankles and
  a leather harness on his chest. I nearly came right then when I surveyed
  my diminutive 16-year old slave, kneeling before. I attached a leash to
  his collar. &quot;Oh Eric, what wonderful games we will play now!&quot; The
  rest of the night was spent forcing Eric to worship my boots, my legs, my groin,
  pretty much every inch of my body. I then tied him tightly to the four
  posters of the bed. In that inescapable position, my little slave worshiped
  my breasts and ate my pussy some more. I smothered him completely with
  my ample frame over and over, which became another game. Eric soon realized
  I could from that position smother him for real. So I began to test Eric's
  ability to hold his breath. The power and control I felt at those moments
  was unlike anything I had ever experienced in my life! It was addicting
  and I knew at that moment that I would never give it up and Eric's reality
  had truly changed forever. 
Humiliation and Discipline 
That is the way it went for the next couple of weeks. I would come home
  from work and Eric and I would prepare dinner (his cooking skills would take
  time to improve). He would, of course, clean up. Then we would adjourn
  to my bedroom where for the next four hours I would sexually subjugate Eric
  and rape him repeatedly. I wanted him sexually exhausted and it was common
  for us to mate three times a night (the virtues of a young slave!). Typically
  it would begin about 8:00 pm and then we would go to sleep around midnight. In
  between my bouts of overt sexual conquest, Eric would service me in any way
  I saw fit. He was required to spend long periods licking between my legs,
  give me massages, pedicures, manicures, brush my hair, and ready my clothes
  for the morning. I often left quite early, and did not disturb the slaveboy's
  sleep. I left a long list of chores and he needed the rest to do them
  after our nightly bouts of entanglement. I had never been so satisfied
  with my life! 
After two weeks of this, however, I wanted to go further with Eric. His
  youthful energy allowed him to keep up with me at night and his efforts during
  the day were generally acceptable, but I wanted his total enslavement to me
  and to accomplish that, several more steps were required. The first was
  to provide Eric with appropriate outfits in which to do his chores and, depending
  on how that went, the second would establish once and for all that there were
  absolutely no limits to my authority over him, that there was truly nothing
  I could not do with him if I wanted. 
I typically gave fewer chores to Eric on Friday, because I wanted him busier
  on Saturday when I was home to watch him scurrying about his tasks. As
  we were lounging in bed Saturday morning, I was fondling him in a rather possessive
  way, I announced: &quot;Eric, I think the time has come for you to wear
  more appropriate clothing when you are doing your chores.&quot; Until
  that time, he had still been wearing the clothing he had brought with him from
  his previous home, which now seemed so long ago even though its was only a
  few months. He looked quizzical as I got up from the bed, still wearing
  the black lacy underwear I had put on when we went to sleep the previous night. I
  returned and laid on the bed pink skimpy lacy woman's panties, a satin pink
  corset, white hosiery, and garters. Over top of that, he would wear a
  white lacy apron and hat, just like a French maid would wear. 
Eric looked mortified. &quot;Ms. Helen, I can't wear that, I am a guy! What's
  more, I won't wear it!&quot; It was really quite cute to look at. Here
  was this diminutive teenage boy, wearing nothing but a slave collar, harness,
  with cuffs still attached to his wrists proclaiming his masculinity to his
  amazon-sized mistress!  Stifling my inner laughter, I look annoyed. &quot;You WILL
  wear this outfit, my little slave as befitting your place in my home.&quot; If
  Eric caved immediately it would tell me that there were really no barriers
  left in the exercise of my will over him. But in reality, I was hoping
  for some more resistance, so as to have the perfect excuse to expand
  the repertoire of games I would play with my slave.  
Eric obliged. He got up the bed, said only &quot;no&quot; and
  left for his room, starting to take his accoutrements off as he went. I
  gave him a little head start and then charged after him, still wearing nothing
  more than my sexy black underwear. I caught up to him in his room, where
  he discovered I had removed his day clothes the night before. He no longer
  had anything to wear, except that which I provided to him. I grabbed his
  arm. &quot;Eric, you are making me very angry and I have no wish
  to be angry with you. You will come back and put your day clothes on now!&quot; But
  Eric broke free from grasp, and I immediately tripped him with one of my long
  legs. I dove down and started to wrestle and manhandle my young victim. Eric
  tried to put up resistance, but I was eight inches taller, 20 pounds heavier,
  and in better shape. Eric could do little more than struggle pitifully
  in grasp, my arms and legs became his bondage. As he continued to struggle,
  I said to him, &quot;Eric maybe you think that what we have been doing together
  has just been a game, but I assure you, it is not. You are indeed my slave
  in every sense of the term and I am your life! This little act of rebellion
  on your part will now be put down firmly. You clearly are in need of some
  discipline to remind you who is in charge here and who must only obey.&quot; I
  began to manipulate Eric's body into a spanking position on my lap as I sat
  on the floor. Realizing what was happening, Eric screamed &quot;NOOOOOO!!!!&quot; I
  was quite sure that that overprotective mother of his had never laid a hand
  on the boy. That needed to change. 
Finally, I had the position I wanted. Eric's face was pressed into the
  carpet with left thigh, which was on his back, my left hand twisting his behind
  his back. My right thigh was underneath him, propping his delicious behind
  into the air. He tried to kick with his feet, but twisting his arm harder
  put a stop to that. &quot;I don't really want to do this, Eric, but clearly
  this morning showed I need to take a firmer hand with you.&quot; I began
  to smack his behind, slowly at first, not too hard, and rubbing his ass erotically
  in between strokes. I wanted to sexualize the discipline in the boy's
  mind, for it would be a part of his life now. I worked up the intensity
  and stopped at 25 smacks. His butt was quite red and Eric was crying. I
  got up and not unlike a small child, Eric remained on the floor crying. I
  picked him up and carried him back to my room, forcing his new clothes on him. &quot;Do
  we understand each now, Eric?&quot; Sniffing his last, he nodded. I
  bent down, kissed him on the lips, licked his cheek and whispered in his ear: &quot;I
  have always thought how sexy a MAN is in pink. Now, off you go.&quot; He
  gave me an embarrassed smile, but clearly happy that he could rationalize this
  as something that makes me happy. 
I dressed in my tight black tee-shirt and tight cotton black shorts for the
  rest of the day. I spent most of it relaxing and watching Eric do his
  chores. Watching him do work that I used to have to do in a lacy and satin
  pink kept me wet most of the time, as I knew it would when I got dressed. I
  periodically made sure that Eric could see the dark moisture stains on my shorts
  as I watched him. My house is on a very secluded lot in the country, so
  Eric could safely do his outside chores in his outfit---minus the apron and
  with pink, feminine sneakers. You don't know how good life is until you've
  watched a 16-year old male mow the lawn and trim the hedge in a pink corset,
  panties, stockings and garters. It was clear that the clothes Eric had
  brought with him, that were safely locked away in the trunk would last for
  years to come, as they would rarely be worn again. 
The Final Chapter 
For the past four months Eric served me this way. On his 17th birthday,
  I gave my slave a chastity device. There were times when I had
  to go away on business, but Eric was to have absolutely no sexual activity
  unless it was with me or supervised by me.  He wasn't really
  keen on his present, but he did not argue for fear it would add to his
  weekly discipline sessions. Yes, Eric was now spanked weekly. I would
  catalogue his mistakes for the week and administer his punishment on Friday
  nights. There wasn't usually much to spank him for, as Eric worked hard. From
  time to time I had to make a few things up. While Eric still found the
  spankings painful, they were becoming erotic to him, as I had hoped. One
  day he had asked if we could recreate the first discipline session we had had. In
  other words, he wanted to be chased, wrestled into submission, and then spanked. My
  heart leapt with joy at his request, because that was the way I wanted to so
  things, too. Our Friday night discipline sessions took on the character
  of hunt, of a race between predator and prey. I would give Eric a 5-minute
  head start to run and hide anywhere in the house and---in the summer when it
  was still light outside---property. I would then proceed to hunt him down,
  physically overcome him, and then discipline him. Sometimes it would be
  right where he was caught, other times I took him back to out bedroom so I
  could proceed instantly to fucking him. 
Still, that was a bit of a digression. As I said, Eric has served me
  for some time. But now it was time for him to be seen serving me. It
  was the final crucial step that would cement my control over him and ensure
  that our relationship would be permanent. I was going to have two close
  friends, Eileen and Heather, over for dinner. Eric would serve us
  all, in his domestic capacity. Whether I would have him service them sexually
  in some way remained to be seen. I wanted to see how the evening would
  go. They certainly wouldn't be having sex with him, as the only bliss
  of that kind Eric would ever know would be me. Still, after six months
  of intense and extensive practice, he has a very talented tongue now. 
Eileen and Heather were good friends of mine from the business world. They
  didn't work for me, but rather for other firms with which mine did business
  from time to time. They were peers. We enjoyed each other socially,
  but they had commented in the past few months why I had been unavailable so
  many times. While I did see them, usually at lunch, I hadn't explained
  that enslaving Eric was taking up literally every evening I had. Then
  one Friday in a quiet restaurant at an out-of-the-way table, I explained everything
  that had transpired in the past six months. 
Eileen's first response was, &quot;My God, Helen, that isn't legal. The
  boy's too young. Couldn't you have waited until he was 18 or something.&quot; 
&quot;Is that what you're concerned about, legalities? Those didn't seem
  to concern you when you acquired the McBraken contract last year. Besides,
  16 is the age of consent in this state.&quot; Eileen blushed at the reference
  to a sexual indiscretion of hers in order to advance her business interests. I
  continued, &quot;You know how most of the men we meet have no interest for
  me, with their gushing testosterone. The last thing I wanted was a husband
  like one of them. This is the ideal solution. I will take care of
  Eric forever, although I admit it wasn't exactly what Marion had in mind.&quot; 
Heather hadn't said anything, but then blurted: &quot;Are you kidding?!? This
  is great! I am envious as hell. Will you show him to us? I wish
  I had the same opportunity.&quot; 
&quot;That is why I suggested lunch. I want you both to come to dinner
  tomorrow. Eric will serve us all---in his uniform.&quot; Heather
  looked as if she were having an orgasm right there. &quot;And Heather,
  as for looking for opportunities, you might want to take a closer look at the
  young man who mows your lawn. He works hard, is quiet and polite. He
  is being raised by his grandmother, who is in ill health and has little time
  to devote to him. Those are the key ingredients you need. He just
  might respond to the concerned ministrations of a professional woman.&quot; Heather
  suddenly looked lost in thought. 
&quot;In any event, tomorrow at eight.&quot; 
&quot;Have you told him, yet?&quot; Heather asked. 
&quot;No, I'll tell him tonight. Friday's are discipline nights. It
  is right the setting.&quot; 
&quot;Discipline night?&quot; my friends queried. 
&quot;I catalogue Eric's mistakes, omissions, and inadequacies in the
  week's tasks and behavior. We review them and he is given a punishment
  for each one, in the form of spankings.  It is usually 10 to
  25 strokes with my hand, even if I have to make something up to get to 10. It
  is when I am in my most dominant mood and doing my most dominating activities,&quot; I
  said. Eileen was amused, but Heather looked downright envious. 
&quot;I wish I could be there for that,&quot; Heather stated. But I just
  laughed. &quot;It is a favorite time of mine to be sure.&quot; 
Later that night, my slaveboy received the consequences of his misbehaviors---15
  smacks over my knee. Usually I quickly bring him to an erection at that
  moment (if he doesn't already have one) and rape him. It helps to further
  eroticize his discipline. Following his expectations I turn
  him over and quickly sheathed his penis inside me, but before grinding him
  to ecstasy, I stopped to talk. &quot;Eric,&quot; I said with the
  weight of my body on his groin and my hands clamped to his wrists holding him
  down, &quot;I am having two friends to dinner tomorrow. We shall
  prepare it together tomorrow and you shall be serving.&quot; &quot;By 'serving'
  you mean...&quot; he asked hesitantly. &quot;Yes, Eric, you shall be in
  your pink uniform and I will even provide you with an appropriate pair of shoes
  for the occasion.&quot; The boy went deep red and seemed to squirm ever
  so slightly, but simply answered &quot;yes, Mistress.&quot; After all,
  what else could he say with 165 lbs of amazonian female controlling all
  his movements. He did seem to wilt momentarily inside of me, but I quickly
  fixed that as soon as I started moving again. 
Saturday was spent preparing for the evening's dinner. Eric was quiet
  at first, pensive, but as the day wore on he seemed to get his mind wrapped
  around the idea of what was expected of him that night. He wore an older
  uniform as we worked together, but would shower later and change into a new,
  exceptionally fine version of his pink slaveboy outfit I had purchased earlier
  in the week. For the preparation, I wore only my skin-tight black tee-shirt,
  without a bra, the black lacy panties, and fishnets stockings. I tried
  as much as possible to eroticize all my interactions with Eric, even when we
  were doing mundane things. 
It was a little before eight and Eric had cleaned up and changed into his
  new finery. I was wearing a beautiful new cocktail dress, underneath I
  had on my usual lace underwear but with my own black garters and stockings,
  and three-inch heeled shoes. What a sight it must have been! An amazon
  reaching 6'5&quot; into the air beside a 5'6&quot; man-boy in his pink slaveboy
  maid's uniform, replete tonight with pink flats. Eric was clearly nervous
  as I addressed him. &quot;You will address them as Miss Eileen and Miss
  Heather, do you understand? Do not address them unless they address you,
  with the exception of when you are serving.&quot; At this, the door bell
  rang. I made Eric answer the door. In walked Eileen and Heather,
  both looking wide-eyed at Eric and giggling a bit. Eric's face turned
  quite red, but stuck to my rules. 
&quot;Eileen, Heather, this is Eric. He is my...charge (I had told Eric
  that I would not call him a slave on front of my friends) and he will be serving
  us dinner tonight.&quot; 
&quot;Oh, Helen,&quot; Heather said, &quot;he's adorable. I love his
  outfit.&quot; 
&quot;He certainly is,&quot; Eileen added. They both handed Eric their
  evening jackets for him to put away. 
The evening proceeded quite smoothly for a quite a while. Eric served
  cocktails before the meal and we chatted amicably about work, politics, current
  events. Occasionally either Eileen or Heather would strike up a brief
  side conversation with Eric about his duties and how he does them, when I was
  otherwise engaged with the other of them. But Eric answered correctly
  and made no effort to draw it out, as was proper. 
I had watched the food carefully (Eric would eventually be sent to gourmet
  cooking classes, but I wanted him past his 18th birthday first.) Eric
  served the meal well, but nearing the end of the main course he tipped over
  Heather's wine glass as he attempted to refill it. He had spilled
  pinot noir all over her white evening dress. Heather cried out at the
  shock of the wetness all over her front and I was utterly livid! &quot;Eric,
  you clumsy boy! Look at what you have done to Heather's dress! Go get
  something to help clean it up.&quot; Heather was making noises that it
  was no big deal, but she was clearly annoyed by the situation, as I would have
  been, as I was. &quot;Eric,&quot; I said as he came back from the kitchen
  with items to clean up, &quot;go get Heather a robe from my room, we must take
  steps immediately to prevent that stain from setting. Then, I will see
  you in the kitchen.&quot; The look in my face was stern and unforgiving
  I am sure, because the look in Eric's face was one of fear and embarrassment
  at the mess he had caused. Eric left and came back relatively quickly
  with a robe for Heather. She got up from the table and excused herself
  to the bathroom. Eric then headed for kitchen, which was both adjacent
  and in plain view of the dining room. 
For five minutes I carved him a new asshole verbally. Ordering him on
  his knees, berating him the mess he made, embarrassing me in front of my friends,
  criticizing his other quite small errors from earlier in the day---long enough
  until I saw Heather return to the dining room in the robe. Eric's head
  was downcast, but he was apologizing profusely and begging for forgiveness. After
  I had finished my tirade, I then winked at her and Eileen and said to Eric: &quot;Not
  good enough. You must be punished for such carelessness, punished here
  and now.&quot; I grabbed Eric menacingly and dragged him over to a kitchen
  chair. The boy whimpered in fear because, other than that first night,
  he had never been disciplined when I was clearly so angry. But over my
  lap he went, down went his panties, and I started smacking. There was
  no erotic rubbing between blows this time, however. This was all business. All
  of this was quite deliberately in plain view of Heather and Eileen. 
Eileen watched in what could be described as fascination. Heather had
  a shit-eating grin on her face, like a child in a candy-store. Eric received
  20 hard smacks on his bottom, which was still a bit sore from the previous
  night's regular discipline session. He soon whimpered and cried and begged
  me to stop, which I did when I said 20. &quot;Now, you will march into
  the dining room and apologize to Miss Heather and beg her forgiveness.&quot; I
  was tempted to make Eric offer Heather the opportunity to spank him, too, but
  quickly decided that he had just been punished for his crime, and only I should
  ever physically discipline him. It would reinforce the bond between us
  if, after tonight, he realized that only I would ever deliver correction. 
Eric walked over to Heather who had been leaning against the dining room table
  with her arms crossed, enjoying the show. Eric sank to his knees, with
  his head staring at the floor, and between a few sniffles, said &quot;Please
  Miss Heather, I am so sorry I ruined your dress. I didn't mean it;
  it was an accident. I was clumsy and stupid. Please, please forgive
  me.&quot; Heather shot me a mischievous look, at which nodded an approval
  at what I thought she had in mind. &quot;Very well, Eric, I forgive you. But
  how will you compensate me? You have no money and it doesn't look like
  to me that your clothes would fit me.&quot; Heather was by no means fat,
  but she was a size or two larger than Eric's diminutive frame. Eric, if
  it were possible, turned even redder at this statement. &quot;How about
  this. Watching Miss Helen spank you has got me a bit hot and bothered
  and she tells me you have had six months to become an expert cunt-lapper (Helen
  had always been more crude than me). Why don't you show me how sorry you
  are,&quot; and she parted her robe to reveal her trimmed but very blond bush. 
&quot;Wait,&quot; I said, let's retire to the sitting room for this and, to
  do this properly, Eric needs something first. I left and soon returned
  with Eric's collar and leash. &quot;Put this on, Eric, and give the leash
  to Miss Heather.&quot; He did so and Heather pulled him by the leash on
  all fours to the sitting room. She settled onto the large arm chair and
  pulled the boy in, who indeed made my friend very happy. 
&quot;I'd like to join in on this fun,&quot; Eileen, who had been silent since
  the spanking, suddenly declared. &quot;Why not,&quot; I answered. &quot;We've
  had our dinner; Eric will be our dessert.&quot; And so for the next three
  hours, until one in the morning Eric brought the three of us many orgasms with
  his tongue. And we played a good many other humiliation games with him. Both
  Heather and Eileen left (Heather in a borrowed outfit), saying it had been
  the best dinner party ever and they hoped we would do it again sometime soon. I
  told them both we would do it regularly. Eric and I adjourned to the bedroom. We
  would clean up in the morning. He did in fact deserve a reward for
  the last three hours and intended to give him one. 
Epilogue 
I love Eric, not quite as a lover, or a child, or a pet but something of all
  three. I love him as my slave. He worships me, of course. His
  totally submissive to me and his life now is one of total sexual servitude
  and adoration of me. When Eric turns 18 we will be married. It will
  be a quiet civil ceremony at a courthouse across the state, (where they didn't
  know I had been his guardian), ensuring his rights to my estate in the unlikely
  event something would ever happen to me. Still, having cut off every option
  in life for him but me, I will need to appoint a guardian of sorts for him,
  even if he is an adult. For all intents and purposes, he is my property,
  but if something were to happen, he would be lost without a new owner. I
  have trained him in sexual and domestic slavery. He doesn't know anything
  else and I doubt he wants to do anything else anymore. Not that that matters,
  because that is not a choice he has anymore, or has had since the day
  he moved in with me. Perhaps Eileen or Heather would be willing?  
The more important ceremony would be at home where he will formally commit
  to a life of slavery to me. It will be just between the two of us. Eric
  will wear only his leash and collar, his corset and panties. He will read
  a statement I will have written for him about how he love, cherish,
  honor, and obey me; be willing to be disciplined by me; be
  willing to serve in any way that I command for the rest of his life. I
  will promise to love and cherish him, protect and take care of him; to enslave him
  and place him in bondage to me; to use him as I see fit for the rest of
  his life.   Oh, what a glorious life I will have! After
  all, isn't this what this is all about? Me! 








The First Year of Marriage




 
  Eric Labs
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-07-22T12:14:00Z
  2006-07-22T12:14:00Z
  1
  3583
  20426
  CBO
  170
  47
  23962
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The First
Year of Marriage

&nbsp;

Eric turned
18 this past Saturday.&nbsp; More than a year and a half has passed since his
mother died and he became my guardian.&nbsp; More than a year and half has passed since I&nbsp;first seduced him and then enslaved
him to me.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am&nbsp;his entire life.&nbsp; He doesn't know anyone,
does not even have a high school diploma, no skills other than those
domestic---it's almost as if he&nbsp;were a mail-order groom from a foreign
country!&nbsp; The very thought is exciting to me, knowing how completely I
have arranged and control his life.&nbsp; He is the proverbial fly in my the spider's web, but one that is never eaten, just
forever controlled and used.&nbsp; When I&nbsp;first seduced Eric, he was
virginal and innocent.&nbsp; Now he is just innocent because&nbsp;I am 37 and
everything he&nbsp;has ever experienced about our very special kind of love and
sex&nbsp;has been taught to&nbsp;him by me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I will be the only
woman he will ever experience in that special way.&nbsp; As a tall,
athletically-inclined woman (6'2&quot;, 165 lbs), I love to dominate my young friend
in every way I can.&nbsp; He, in contrast, is only 5'6&quot; and
140&nbsp;lbs.&nbsp; When I wear my 4-inch black boots, which is often, I tower
over him by 10 inches.&nbsp;&nbsp;Eric's boyish looks and impish
smile&nbsp;make a wonderful contrast with my amazonian
power over him.

&nbsp;

When
his&nbsp;18th birthday arrived, I told Eric we would first celebrate and then
we would be married.&nbsp; I had a number of gifts to give him.&nbsp; They
included some new&nbsp;domestic outfits for around the house.&nbsp;&nbsp;Until
then, when Eric, my slave, would&nbsp;take care of the house---cleaning,
fixing, gardening---I&nbsp;had required him to wear a
pink satin&nbsp;corset, pink shoes,&nbsp;pink&nbsp;hosiery, a maid's hat and
apron.&nbsp; Now I gave him the same outfit in a new more
colors:&nbsp; baby blue, lavender, and bright red.&nbsp; He could now
choose what to wear, except, of course, on those days&nbsp;he wasn't allowed to
choose.&nbsp;&nbsp;To&nbsp;truly celebrate his birthday, however, I told
him&nbsp;we would take the day off from mundane&nbsp;household work (although
there is nothing mundane about watching a boy of 18 dust
and vacuum in a pink corset!) and make love for 18 straight hours.&nbsp; That
would mark his passing into the age of&nbsp;&quot;manhood,&quot;&nbsp;even
though I&nbsp;would never call it that.&nbsp; And so we did.&nbsp; We&nbsp;got
a good night's rest, put an ice chest of food in my bedroom, and began 18
straight hours of lovemaking.&nbsp; It wasn't all activity of course.&nbsp;
There were periods of rest and short naps, but for 18&nbsp;hours we
played&nbsp;sexual bondage and discipline games of every kind.&nbsp; Eric was
forced to bring me to more than a dozen orgasms and I brought him to half as
many.&nbsp;&nbsp;At the end, we fell asleep for more
than 12 hours.

&nbsp;

When I
told&nbsp;Eric that now he was 18 we would be married, he cried with
joy.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Oh,&nbsp;Miss Helen, I love you so much.&nbsp; I can't
wait to be married to you.&quot;&nbsp; I, on the other hand, said to slave
Eric, &quot;You understand, of course, that it doesn't&nbsp;change anything
here.&nbsp;&nbsp;I will still dominate our relationship and you must
still&nbsp;obey everything I demand?&quot;&nbsp; He said he perfectly
understood and would not have wanted it any other way.&nbsp; I explained
further:&nbsp; &quot;Eric, our marriage ceremony will be small and private, at
a&nbsp;Justice of the Peace some distance from here.&nbsp; Afterwards, however,
we will&nbsp;have another commitment ceremony here at the house.&nbsp; Ellen
and Heather will attend.&nbsp; We will exchange a set of vows I have written
for us and I will give you tokens of our marriage.&quot;&nbsp; (Ellen and
Heather were special friends who knew about and approved of the special
relationship I had with Eric.)&nbsp; Eric thought&nbsp;that
wonderful&nbsp;wedding day.&nbsp; I added:&nbsp; &quot;We will&nbsp;also have
some special wedding pictures taken here, some traditional but some more
reflective of our true relationship.&nbsp; I found an open-minded photographer
who understands what I want.&quot;&nbsp;
&quot;Yes,&nbsp;Miss&nbsp;Helen.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Eric isn't thrilled about the
prospect of exposing himself to others, but he understands he has no choice but
to obey.

&nbsp;

The
following week we drove halfway&nbsp;across the state to courthouse of one of
the larger cities.&nbsp; I wore a tasteful black conservative suit with a pair
of black boots underneath.&nbsp; I had bought for Eric a pure white suit and
tie, with lacy white woman's underwear underneath.&nbsp; When our turn came, I
discussed with the Justice of the Peace our desire for small quiet
wedding.&nbsp; I told him that we wanted to word &quot;obey&quot; to be
included in Eric's vows.&nbsp; The judge raised his eyes at this, but Eric
merely stated, &quot;oh, yes sir, I like it that
way.&quot;&nbsp; I am not sure whether the look the judge gave Eric was pity,
disgust, or envy, but it didn't matter.&nbsp; That was why we drove half-way
across the state.&nbsp; We were done quickly after.&nbsp; I promised to
&quot;love and cherish&quot; Eric, and indeed I would because there wasn't a
man alive who could hold a candle to him now for me.&nbsp; Eric promised to
&quot;love, honor, and obey.&quot;&nbsp; We put on our rings, kissed deeply
(which must have been quite a sight in light of the height advantage I had over
Eric (or the judge for that matter), and left for home.

&nbsp;

It was 3:00 when we got back.&nbsp; Eileen and
Heather were already there and the photographer arrived shortly
thereafter.&nbsp; I wanted a variety of conventional poses.&nbsp; But when they
were done,&nbsp;I wanted a variety of unconventional poses as well.&nbsp; I had
already made the arrangements with the photographer before, so he wouldn't be
shocked, but as I sent Eric to change, I followed to change as well.&nbsp; In
the bedroom I told him that as symbols of our everlasting relationship, I
wanted an album that would excite me every time I looked at it.&nbsp; Thus,
Eric was required to strip off his clothes and put on a very tight-fitting but
lacy pair of white woman's underwear, white stockings with garters, a slave
harness, and thick black collar.&nbsp; I put on fishnet stockings, calf-high
black boots, a black leather low-cut halter, tight black leather shorts, and
gloves.&nbsp; I looked truly magnificent!&nbsp; I carried with me a leash, cuffs,&nbsp;and
a whip.&nbsp; For the next half hour, we posed in the ways I wanted while the
photographer took the pictures.&nbsp; The leash was attached to Eric's
collar.&nbsp; The boy slave posed worshiping my boots while I smiled
triumphantly, he posed as I was making to whip him, he posed on his knees, head
prostrate to the ground with my heel planted on his neck while I pulled at the
leash, he posed as he was bound and I sat on his back as if he were a chair,
and on it went for more than a dozen of my favorite images.&nbsp; Heather and
Eileen enjoyed watching this show, of course.&nbsp; After we
were done, I sent the photographer on the way and we all proceeded to our
little commitment (actually, life enslavement) ceremony.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

I had Eric
remove his panties first, however.&nbsp; I had originally thought he would keep
them on, but I decided at that moment that he needed to be totally exposed
before me, albeit with the humiliation of stockings, gartars,
and a collar.&nbsp; In the center of the living room, before my friends, Eric
kneeled before me and read his vows---something I had written a year ago---out
loud:&nbsp; &quot;Mistress Helen, I promise to love, cherish, and obey you, to
worship you as my superior, to be placed in bondage to you, to be displined as you see fit, to take care of all your needs, to
be humiliated by you if that is your pleasure, to love no other, to submit to
no one else unless you so command, to truly whatever it is you desire, to in
fact be your slave in every sense of the word for the rest of my natural
life.&quot;&nbsp; He then handed the leash attached to his collar to me.&nbsp;
It might have seemed a little corny to some, but I was so happy I nearly cried
as he was speaking because he was saying it with a lot of heartfelt
emotion.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

As I took
the leash, I replied with my own vows:&nbsp; &quot;My beloved Eric, I accept
the gift of your very life with great love and emotion.&nbsp; I promise to love
and cherish you, place you bondage to my body and needs, discipline when you
misbehave, dominate you during every waking moment, indeed enslave you for the
rest of my natural life!&quot;&nbsp; I then pick Eric up off the floor,
embraced and deeply and passionately kissed him as his feet dangled in the
air.&nbsp; When I finally sat him down, Eileen and Heather applauded as I
pinched his round bottom and gave it a smack.&nbsp; Afterwards, we had a nice
lunch, with Eric serving, of course.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Honeymoon

&nbsp;

Eric had
spent little time outside of my property since he had come here, but I was
determined to have a honeymoon with him.&nbsp; But a beach resort was out of
the question---having him oogling other female flesh
would not do.&nbsp; In was in the winter months, so I had decided on a skiing
honeymoon in Vermont.&nbsp; We arrived at the chalet
around six in the evening, unpacked and went down to dinner.&nbsp; Eric and I
enjoyed ourselves very much, even the occasional
stares and whispers when people were obviously commenting on the differences in
our physical characteristics and age.&nbsp; Some might have even thought us
mother and son, but others clearly knew better.&nbsp; After dinner we retired
to our room.&nbsp; It was quiet, out-of-the-way room, with a gas fireplace,
large pillows, comforters, and furs on the floor in front of it, clearly meant
for a relaxing time.&nbsp; Eric and I showered after dinner and I put on a
lovely silk robe (I had turned up the heat quite a bit).&nbsp; Eric wasn't
dressed, however.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Eric,
my pet, do not put anything on.&nbsp; For the entire time we are together in
this room you are always to be completely naked in the presence, unless I put
something on you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
Miss Helen.&quot;&nbsp; The boy had an erection, a state he was frequently in
once I had started to seducing him those many months
ago.&nbsp; We sat on the soft pile in front of the fire and we began our first
night of lovemaking as wife and husband, mistress and slave, predator and
prey.&nbsp; It was, however, going to be a gentle experience for Eric---we
would play some rougher games soon enough.&nbsp; Tonight he would enjoy erotic
domination more than the physical kind.&nbsp; As we embraced in the first, I
kissed him long and hard, thrusting my tongue repeatedly into his mouth,
exploring every inch of it, my arms around him, my leg snacking around his
until they were firmly in my grip.&nbsp; After a long bout of kissing, during I
frequently held Eric's mouth with a fistful of his hair,
I moved his head to my breasts, which were half the size of Eric's entire
head.&nbsp; I had Eric suckle me for what seemed like an hour, unable to move
any distance at all from the bondage that was my arms and legs.&nbsp;
Eventually, I forced Eric's face down to my pussy so that he may worship me
there as well.&nbsp; I draped my legs around Eric's head and onto his back, I
held his arms up at my sides by their wrists, and I folded my silk robe over
Eric's head, placing him in a sexual prison of sort.&nbsp; I kept Eric there
for what seemed like an eternity, making him bring me to orgasm after
orgasm.&nbsp; If he tired, he could rest his head on my groin like pillow---I
wanted him seeped in my feminine scent at all times.&nbsp; Finally, I released
Eric from that position, turned him over and made slow methodical love to
him.&nbsp; He came quickly the first time, but we simply rested in that
position until we resumed.&nbsp; At his age, Eric never lost his erection,
though it took a while before he came again.&nbsp; At all times, I held Eric
down by his wrists or smothered his face with my breasts.&nbsp; We continued
like this until after midnight when we finally fell asleep
exhausted,&nbsp;but with Eric firmly in my grasp all night long.&nbsp; It was a
glorious, glorious honeymoon!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Married
Life

&nbsp;

When we
returned from the honeymoon, things settled back down into their former
routine.&nbsp; Eric was now my husband, my lover, but especially my
slave.&nbsp; Eric performed all of the domestic duties of the property, always
wearing his slave outfit:&nbsp; a satin pink corsett,
garters, nylons, a French maid's hat and a lacy apron.&nbsp; But he now also
wore his slave collar all the time while at home (and often under a turtleneck
shirt on those occasions we went out).&nbsp; Yes, I was willing to out with
Eric now from time to time.&nbsp; We enjoyed going to a restaurant or the
movies---naturally I always ordered for him and always chose what movie to
see.&nbsp; We attracted the occasional stares of course.&nbsp; I was still
twice his age and&nbsp;obviously much taller and stronger.&nbsp; I suppose if I
had wanted I could have made it appear that Eric was my son rather than what he
was, my slave-lover but I saw no reason for that.&nbsp; I would never reveal
the full and true extent of our relationship to the outside world.&nbsp; That is, after all, a matter between only the two of us.&nbsp;
But I saw no reason for other men and women--other couples--not to see that we
had a romantic relationship and that I clearly was the senior partner, so to
speak.

&nbsp;

Eric's day
time duties were usually followed every night by extensive sexual encounters
with me---our&nbsp; bondage and discipline sex games.&nbsp;
Even though we were now married and shared the same room and the same bed, Eric
was not allowed to stand in our boudoir.&nbsp; He was required to always remain
on his knees or crawl on the floor.&nbsp; By only allowing him to crawl in our
love nest, even if it was just&nbsp;to go brush his teeth,&nbsp;reinforced
constantly his submissive and subordinate status.&nbsp; Every night Eric
performed at least an hour of cunninglingus on his
knees with his arms cuffed to a leather belt attached to his waist and with my
infinitely long muscular legs clamped to his body.&nbsp; When he wasn't
performing that all-important task he was attending to my other personal
desires, massages, stroking, hair brushing, finger and toe-nail polishing---he
was in every way my personal body servant.&nbsp; He spent more time pleasuring
me after I tightly bound him to our king-sized four-poster bed and I repeatedly
encased his entire head with my large black bush and powerful thighs.&nbsp; On
many occasions I would pretend to smother Eric and not let him breathe for increasingly
long periods of time.&nbsp; The very first time I did this him, which seems so
long ago now, Eric was frightened but now that he understands the nature of the
game it excites him even more.&nbsp; The absolute power I have over him is on
full display at these moments.&nbsp; Eric has even joked how if he ever had
&quot;to go&quot; that was the way he wanted it to happen.&nbsp; I laughed with
him when he said seriously:&nbsp; &quot;Oh, no Eric, we don't want that.&nbsp;
I am looking forward to the decades of your enslavement to me that we will
have.&quot;&nbsp; And with that, I fucked his brains out twice before we both
collapsed and went to sleep.

&nbsp;

Friday
nights were still discipline nights in my house but increasingly after we
married we made less a formal ritual and more of the predator-prey games we had
occasionally played before.&nbsp; I maintained a list of the infractions Eric
had committed over the week against me rules.&nbsp; Usually it was a few minor
failings in chores, sometimes a muttered comment about something he didn't like
under his breath (he is human, after all!)&nbsp; The list established the
number of spankings he would receive from my hand.&nbsp; The game now was that
I let him crawl out of the bedroom and run through the house with a 3-minute
head-start.&nbsp; Then I had to follow him, capture and subdue him, and then
proceed with his disciplining.&nbsp; Eric clearly enjoyed this game as much as
I.&nbsp; He was always turned on by the height and strength advantage I had
over him.&nbsp; I would find him, wrestle him to the ground, wrestle him into a
comfortable spanking position (which I always made sure took a long, long time)
and then proceeded to remind Eric who was in charge.&nbsp; The strong do what
they will, the historian once said, the weak suffer what they must.&nbsp; It
described my marriage to sweet, innocent Eric to a tee.

&nbsp;

The
Playroom

&nbsp;

Six months
went by and this is the life Eric led.&nbsp; Occasionally we would have Eileen
and Heather over for dinner but on those occasions Eric served them their meals
and then served up his talented tongue after dinner.&nbsp; We sometimes played
the hunt and chase games with him although the deal was that once Helen or
Heather captured and subdued Eric with their lovely bodies the discipline would
be administered by me.&nbsp; I had always promised Eric two things:&nbsp; one,
only I would ever physically punish him and two, he would only ever have
intercourse we me.&nbsp; Of course, that didn't stop Eileen and especially
Heather tormenting him in other ways.&nbsp; She in particular, when she
captured him, would make sure he stayed quiet while she stroked his
penis.&nbsp; Never enough to make him ejaculate but enough that he would beg
her to let him and she could deny him.&nbsp; Eric naturally was not ever
allowed to have an orgasm without permission and Heather knew I would never
give him one until after they left.&nbsp; She utterly enjoyed the sadistic
tease and denial torment she inflicted on him at our &quot;dinner&quot;
parties.&nbsp; When she was done with him she would let him speak, &quot;Miss
Heather, please, please let me come,&quot; and it was her delighted laughter, &quot;oh,
no, Eric, you know I can't do that without Helen's persmission,&quot;
denying him that signalled that she was ready for me
to come and redden his gorgeous bottom to my guests' delight.

&nbsp;

Nevertheless,
after a while I began to grow concerned that maybe my relationship would become
too boring.&nbsp; After all it had been nearly two years now&nbsp;
since I first seduced and then enslaved the dimunitive
boy&nbsp;to my Amazonian body.&nbsp; For the past year, partly on Heather's
recommendation, I had begun reading several bondage and female domination
magazines.&nbsp; &quot;If you enjoy what your doing
with Eric, Helen, you'll enjoy those types of magazines.&nbsp; You probably
will find ideas of things to do and try with him,&quot; she said.&nbsp;
&quot;What have you got to lose but a few dollars?&quot;&nbsp; I had to admit
she had a point but at the time she made it, I had a clear path I wanted to
take Eric down and things were not yet complete.&nbsp; Now we are married and
&quot;settled,&quot; so to speak, albeit in a far less traditional way than
that phrase generally implies.

&nbsp;

Reading the
magazines was intriguing and sometimes a little offensive and revolting.&nbsp;
There are a number of activities I would never want to participate in or would
want Eric to participate in.&nbsp; And here I am speaking both as his dominant
mistress as well as with some raw maternal instincts.&nbsp; But the magazines
did provide many ideas of delightful and wicked games I could play with
Eric.&nbsp; Above all, I decided I wanted a playroom for us, something with
more room, more &quot;equipment&quot; than my bedroom has or could hope to
offer.&nbsp; So I decided we would renovate the basement and transform it into
an erotic, kinky playroom for us.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

The first
steps were straightforward.&nbsp; I hired a contractor to put in the basic
finished room and bath.&nbsp; It would have thickly padded carpeting, recessed
lighting, plain unpainted walls and ceiling, and large cabinets and shelving
along about half the walls.&nbsp; Eric would do the rest of the work as I
planned on what purchases would be made for the room.&nbsp; It was not a
trivial investment but provided great possibilities.

&nbsp;

Part of the
basement was devoted to a large thick pad and with padding on the walls.&nbsp;
Then I introduced &quot;wrestling night&quot; to Eric.&nbsp; We had of course
continued to play our chase, capture, and rape game on a regular basis, but I
never made the &quot;capture&quot; part too long.&nbsp; Most of that fun was
devoted to the &quot;chase&quot; as Eric was good at hiding and moving fast and
to the &quot;rape&quot; where after I had conquered him I made him pleasure me
before I took him.&nbsp; The purpose of wrestling night was to have long drawn
our sessions in which we exerted ourselves physically, to weekly demonstrate
how much physically superior to Eric I was.&nbsp; It was great fun for
me!&nbsp; And most of the time for Eric, too, although occasionally I got
carried away and bruised him a bit more than I intended.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

&nbsp;

On
wrestling night Eric and I would descend to the basement, he wearing only a
jockstrap and me wearing only a black thong and a low-cut athletic bra.&nbsp; I
wanted complete freedom of movement for me and as much access to Eric's body as
safety would allow.&nbsp; The rules were simple and always the same:&nbsp; we
would wrestle and whoever wins by pinning the other gets to make any demand of
the loser.&nbsp; In light of my Amazonian stature and strength, I of course
never lost.&nbsp; But Eric knew he had to try as hard as he could each and
every wrestling night or I would be unhappy and that was something he did not
want.

&nbsp;

&quot;Eric,
my pet,&quot; I called to him.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
Mistress,&quot; he answered.&nbsp; He was finishing cleaning up after
dinner.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Eric,
tonight I am introducing our first 'wrestling night' to take advantage of our
new playspace.&nbsp; The rules are simple:&nbsp; we
wrestle until there is a winner and the loser must submit to the winner's
whims.&nbsp; What do you think of that?&quot;&nbsp; Not that what he really
thought really mattered.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
Miss Helen, I confess it sounds like fun but I don't think the odds are in my
favor.&nbsp; But I love playing these games with you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;True,
my slave, but you will try your hardest to win just the same.&nbsp; The fun
here is the wrestling itself, not necessarily what comes after!&quot;

&nbsp;

We went
into the basement and walked over over to the
pad.&nbsp; Eric was still wearing he frilly pink day clothes and I was just in
a set of sweats.&nbsp; &quot;Take your clothes off Eric and put this on,&quot;
and I handed him his jock strap, which I made sure was just a hint too
tight.&nbsp; As he did so, I stripped out of my sweats---my thong and bra were
already on.&nbsp; Eric has a difficult time keeping his eyes off my body when I
am dressed like this.&nbsp; He is 18, after all, and with no TV or magazines
and very few outings, I am pretty much the only female flesh he ever
sees.&nbsp; It has become impossible for him to resist getting aroused.

&nbsp;

We begin by
circling each other a bit until I approach and make like I am going to grab
Eric's arms.&nbsp; He in turn sees that, ducks my grasp but falls victim to my
tripping him with my legs.&nbsp; In a second I am on top of him on the floor,
pulling his arms behind him, slipping my legs around his body and squeezing him
until he begs for mercy.&nbsp; Letting him go, we start again.&nbsp; Eric
lunges at me, but I sidestep and lock his head around my arm while I have him
bent in half.&nbsp; He grabs at my leg but he simply isn't strong enough to
take me down the ground while doing so.&nbsp; I fondle his groin awhile as he
is this position, distracting and weakening him further.

&nbsp;

One of my
favorite positions is to get behind Eric on the mat, grab his left wrist and
his right foot and position my legs on his back and pull, threatening to snap
him like a breadstick.&nbsp; I shriek in delight as he struggles pitifully in my
Amazonian thigh squeeze.&nbsp; We wrestle---more accurately I manipulate and
bend his body into different and uncomfortable positions and alternatingly stimulate his cock or spank his exposed
bottom.&nbsp; Usually I let Eric escape&nbsp; repeatedly only to recapture him
and place him in bondage with and to my body.&nbsp; I love to tickle Eric as I
wrestle and control him.&nbsp; Tickling, too, if done enough can be a form of
torture and I love to torture Eric this way.&nbsp; The utter control I have
over him, physically, is a narcotic that I cannot seem to have enough of.

&nbsp;

Eventually
Eric tires from his futile battles with me and as I sense that happening, I pin
Eric on his stomach with his arms behind his back.&nbsp; I remove my panties
and rip his jock-strap from him.&nbsp; I then turn Eric over and stretch his
arms above his head, with me sitting now naked from the waist down his chest,
pinning his arms with my knees, and placing my crotch over his mouth.&nbsp; In
the post-contest cool-down, Eric must lick my pussy for as long as I demand.&nbsp;
Only when I am satisfied with this do I mount him and ride him to orgasm.

&nbsp;

I am now
thinking of adding more variety to our sex life.&nbsp; More and more I am
molding Eric' sexual makeup to be devoted to me and to be my sex slave.&nbsp;
Soon he will be incapable of anything other&nbsp;than being a submissive sexual
lover.&nbsp;&nbsp;And Eric's obvious sexual enjoyment when in various
uncomfortable physical positions makes me wonder which toys to introduce into
the playroom next...?

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  oliverc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





