BDSM Library - The Psychologist




The Psychologist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Psychologist takes on a younger girl client who loves to dominate older women.  She is taken in and submits herself to the young girl's wild desires.
The Psychologist

Joann was a psychologist who had an established business and had been very
successful with it.   One of her recent cases however disturbed her more than
anything she had ever known.  A young girl around 19 came in one day and after
taking to her, she found out that she enjoyed dominating and beating up older
women.  Joann in her late 40s were very shocked at first and tried to use the
normal formal briefings she gives to patients with a high sex drive.  But the
next session the girl showed up with photographs she had taken with her slut
slaves as she called them.  They showed her beating, spanking, and tying older
women and using them for her pleasure.  She knew the girl had a problem and
tried to talk to the girl rationally.  The girl would keep the discussion on her
desires and on several occasions would spread her legs so she could look at her
bare pussy.  Joann kept telling her to keep them close or tried to ignored it
and persuade the girl to return to her problem.  The girl truly enjoyed her
domination of older women.  Even her mother was her maid as well as her teacher
her dog.  She found herself getting deep into the discussions.  At night, it was
all Joann could think about.  She masturbated at the thought of being the girl
slave and looked forward to the next session at the office and the girl's
torture.  She was becoming obsessed with the thought herself but kept trying to
ignore it.  After the 5th session however she broke down and masturbated after
the session to the best orgasm she ever had.  The sixth session however was her
downfall.

"Hi, Kate." She said.   "Have a seat please.  Should we continue with our last
session?"

"Maybe." Kate replied staring at her.  "Did you enjoy all the pictures I gave
you?  I bet you masturbated at night dreaming of being my slave like all the
others."

"Let's get back on the subject Kate."  Joann said looking down to see the girl
legs spread wide in front of her.  Her pussy was so beautiful as her mouth was
watering at the thought.  Her own pussy was dripping earlier from the thought of
the last meeting prior to the girl arrival.

"Do you want to lick my pussy?  Joann.  Do you want to be my slave like the rest
and serve me?" Kate continued.

Joann couldn't avert her attention this time as the previous sessions as the
girl reached down and spread her cunt lips in front of her.  Her mind was
racing.  She started rubbing one finger up and down her own clit.

"I think we should try to focus on our problem," Joann said.

"I think you are a slut like all the rest Joann." Kate pressed on.  "Tell me. Do
you play with your pussy thinking about me at night?"

Joann stared at the blunt young girl at a loss of words.

"I said do you play with your pussy thinking about me!" The girl practically
yelled at her like she was a kid.

Joann face turned all shades of red as she sat.  She longed for nothing else at
this moment as she stared at the girl enchanted cunt.

"Yes," Joann replied meekly. 

"Good slut," Kate said smiling.  "Beg to lick my pussy like a bitch in heat. 
Beg your mistress."

Joann, totally ashamed of herself, started pleading with the girl to lick her
pussy like a dog in heat.  She was soaking her panties at the thought and had
lost all control of her posture.  Her own hand was reaching down trying to rub
her own pussy.

"Are you playing with your pussy at work," smiled Kate?  "That is not allowed
for sluts.  Stand up and remove your clothes."

Joann stood up and started to undress.  She was humiliated and excited at the
thought of undressing in front of a girl 3 times younger than herself.  Kate had
gotten up and walked around the desk and sat in her chair.  She patted Joann on
the ass and told her to get in the chair she had to always sit in.  Joann
totally naked walked over and sat down.

"Spread your legs, slut and tell me you want to be my slut." Kate demanded her.

Joann obeyed spreading her legs.

"Please mistress.  Make me your slut." She whispered.

"Good." Kate continued her torture.  "Now rub those big cow tits of yours.  I
want to see you play with them.  Pull them and pinch them for me."

Joann started rubbing her tits and pulling on the nipples for her mistress.  She
grabbed the nipples and tweaked them grimacing from the pain.  When told harder,
she bit her lips and tweaked till tears formed in her eyes.  Her seat was wet
from her own pussy juices running down.

"Enough slut."  Kate commanded.  "Get on your knees on the chair and show me
that fat ass of yours."

Joann got up backwards on the chair and bent over exposing her big round mounds
to the girl.  Upon command, she spread her ass cheeks and moved her hips in a
sexually manner as requested.  She was taken back by the command to shove her
finger in her ass and pump it in and out but she obeyed.  Quickly she started
pushing it deep inside and fucking her own asshole with it.

"Such an asshole," said Kathy laughing at her.  "I have to go.  If you want to
be my slave set an appointment with my maid mother at my house and I will return
tomorrow with the papers.  You will have to give up all you own to me to be my
slut.  Just like all the rest."

She rose from the chair and started towards the door with Joann pleading with
her to let her tongue her and begging to be her slut.  Her finger was shoving in
and out of her ass feverously to get herself off as she watched the young
mistress depart leaving her in total frustration. She moved her hand down to her
cunt rubbing it madly to get off.  It didn't take long as she climax and removed
her finger from her ass.  Exhausted, she finally got up and got dressed. 
Calling her receptionist, Becky, she cancelled all her appointments and ran home
to play some more with her pussy.  Her skirt was totally wet as she tried to
hide it departing the building by yelling at Becky to do this or that.

That night she had her best orgasm ever in her bed and knew she couldn't turn
back now.   Nothing she had was worth as much as what she wanted now.  The next
morning she arriving at work, she scheduled an appointment with Kate mother maid
early so she could clear her evening schedule.  She was wetting in her panties
again as the young girl walked in unannounced later. 

"Get your ass out of that chair slut and remove all your clothing." Kate
commanded her.

Joann immediately got up and quickly started removing her clothing.

Kate sat in her chair and motioned for Joann to get on her knees beside her when
she was fully undressed.  She handed her the papers and without even reading
them Joann signed them expecting to be rewarded with the taste of her young
pussy.

"Go get in your chair backwards with your ass spread," demanded Kate.

When she was positioned on the chair and her ass spread in front of her, Kate
got on the speakerphone and asked Becky the 24-year-old receptionist to come in. 
Joann was pleading with Kate as she heard the door open and saw Becky looking at
her with a surprise look. 

"Becky this is my new slut," said Kathy, "and now she wants to be my slave.  You
know when we were talking about how cheap she was at paying her help.  I think
it payback time.  Why don't you take this ruler and spank her big fat ass while
its spread wide?  She won't fire you since I now own her business."

Joann just realized what she had signed but refused to turn back now as she
maintained her position as Becky approached.

Becky was grinning.  She had always disliked her boss and now she was given the
opportunity to spank and humiliated her.  She took her time walking over
watching Joann squirmed backwards on the chair.  She asked Kate how hard she
could hit her as she took the ruler from her.

"As hard as you like," replied Kate.  "She is just a slut and toy to be used
now.  Isn't that right slut?" Kate asked.

Joann was shaking in fear but maintained her grip on her spread ass.

"Yes mistress, I am your slut and toy.  Please spank my big fat ass." Joann
replied meekly and humiliated.

Walking over smiling, Becky got behind her and slapped the inside of her ass
crack with the ruler causing her to scream in pain while still trying to hold
her ass wide.  By the fourth and fifth hit she was begging her mistress for
mercy and Kate had to command her to keep her ass wide for the next.  She was
crying as the remaining tenth hit between the cheeks as her asshole was on fire. 
Becky was enjoying it totally but didn't want to prematurely damage her.

"My slut loves to have things put in her asshole.  What do you think we should
use today Becky?" Kate asked again looking at Becky.

Becky thought for a moment before walking out and returning with the hairbrush
in her purse.  Walking over to Joann, she spitted on the handle and then
directed it to the entrance of Joann asshole driving it deep inside.  The chair
almost fell over as Joann tried to keep her position and her ass still spread. 
Becky was pumping it in and out as the pain suddenly quit and she found herself
getting wet again.  Becky seeing this told Kate she was wetting her chair.  She
kept pumping the brush in and out as Joann was moaning on the back of the chair
rocking her ass back and forth on it for more.

"She getting close to coming Becky so I think you should stop." Kate said. 
"What would you like her to do for you before she gives you the evening off?"

Becky smiled and lowering her skirt and panties.  She told Kate that she should
lick her ass for being such a slut.  With Kate approval she walked around the
back of the chair and bent over pushed.  Roughly, she shoved her ass in Joann
face.  Joann was forced to lick or smother as she stuck her tongue in her butt
hole and started rimming inside.  Her own pussy needed relief but she knew she
must please her mistress to get it.  She had seen all the pictures and now knew
how the other women must have felt.  She could heard Becky moaning above and
soon found herself licking her asshole while her ass was shaking from her orgasm
ahead.

Becky finally move away and turned around picking up a Kleenex cleaned Joann
nose with it.

Becky thanked Kate and asked if she could use her some more but Kate said
tomorrow she would let her know.  Today, she was going to use her. 

Becky got dressed totally pleased with the situation and thanked Kate again as
she departed.  Kate told her on the way out she would be getting a big raise to
help baby sit her slut during her work hours.  She then demanded Joann to get
down on all fours on the floor and crawl over to here.  She was to keep the
brush in her ass.

When Joann arrived, she could see Kate pussy soaking wet in front of her face as
she pleaded to be allowed to lick her pussy.

"Your mouth had been in another woman ass," Kate told her, "I can't let you lick
my pussy yet." She smiled down at her.

She got up and removed her skirt and bent over the desk.

"You can lick my ass you sweet little brown nose."  Kate told her.

It was not what Joann had dreamed of but she crawled forward and started licking
her ass like she did Becky earlier.  Her ass was much cleaner and tasted so nice
as her tongue roamed all over it before setting in the middle and working it's
way in.  She started using it as a dildo to please her mistress.  She felt Kate
playing with her pussy while she was enjoying her tongue rimming.  She climax
soon afterwards pulling away to her disappointment.

"Dress me," she demanded as Joann jumped up and helped her put her skirt back
on.

"Now get dress slut and give me your panties." Kate commanded.

Joann quickly obeyed putting on her skirt and blouse.  Kate threw her bra in the
trash as she grabbed the panties.  Kate put them over Joann head and then pulled
them down through one leg through her head till they were tight around her neck. 
Taking a good quip on them she led her out the door and then the building with
Joann struggling to keep up.  It was so humiliating to be led by a young girl by
your own panties around your neck out into street to the car.  As Kate opened
the passenger door, she told her to get in backwards in the passenger side with
her head to the floor board and her ass pointing up to the driver. 

Joann obeyed as best she could as the cramped position made it almost impossible
to move.  Kate had to press her head down to get the door shut.

She heard Kate open the driver side and get inside.  She felt her dress being
lifted up in back exposing her ass to the elements and then the sound of the car
being started.  As she drove along, Kate head started bumping the floor and the
passenger door constantly. 

Owlwlllllllll..

Something sharp had entered her ass cheek.

"I think your big ass will make such a nice pin cushion," Kate told her as she
pushed another pin in her ass.

Owwlllllll.

"Don't be such a baby."  Kate laughed pushing the next pin in.  "Why that's not
a bad idea.  Maybe I'll make you the baby in house and put a big diaper on your
fat ass."

Owwllllllll..

Kate was sticking more pins in her ass as Joann moaned in pain on the floor
below.  Pain or not, all she wanted right now was to get to her house so she
could lick her pussy.

"We have to make a stop by the school before we go home." Kate told her pushing
the last pin in her ass crack as she yelled in pain.  "Got to pick the dog up
from school you know.  Maybe I'll stop and get up all something to eat at a
drive in.  Are you hungry, slut?"

"No mistress," Joann yelled.  The thought of stopping at a drive-in with her big
ass sticking up like this was unbelievable but she knew the girl might do it.

"Oh, by the way."  Kate continued.  "I borrowed Becky brush since you enjoyed it
so much.  Open wide."

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh.

Joann gasped in pain as the brush handle roughly entered her sore asshole.

"Thank you mistress." She moaned in agony on the floor below.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





