BDSM Library - All The Pleasures A Young Man Wants




All The Pleasures A Young Man Wants
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When Chris's husband passes away Simon is offered to spend the rest of his life as her spouse as a part of the will. She is twice his age but in return she promised her late husband to make sure that this young man will get all the pleasures he could think of if he decides to stay.
ALL THE PLEASURES A YOUNG MAN WANTS
(F/M, MF, MFF, MFFF, Menstrual, Pregnant, Ageplay, D/s, Teen, Home, Slow, Concensual, Hardcore) 

By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I started at the firm when I turned twenty one. It was a familyowned company and I spent my 
first years in the warehouse. The owners were Joe and Chris a couple that had passed their 
fifties. As far as I knew by that time, they had no kids. I enjoyed working there and I had 
a good time. I had moved into town when I started at the university there and had gotten quite 
gotten acquainted to it. From the very beginning I had my own apartment and dated girls constantly 
but I never got committed to any longer relationship.  That was something I kept until I 
got a little older. At the firm I moved to the office and when I turned thirty I was manager 
for customer services and had my own office. After nine years in the firm I was an oldtimer and 
had become a real good friend of Joe and Chris. Every now and then I spent some time at 
their house and I felt like they regarded me as the son they never had on their own. I still 
hadn't made any longer relationship, so I kept dating girls on a regular basis. So far so good. 
All this changed one spring.

It was a Friday afternoon as I sat in my office when I heard that Chris received a phone call. 
She ran into my office and said:
- Simon, Joe has gotten a heart attack and he has been sent to the hospital. Can you drop 
everything you've got in your hands and drive me over there? I don't think I can go there on 
my own.
We left the office right away and came to the hospital. The nurses showed us to his room, 
where he was lying on the bed. He was out of conscious and the doctor told us that he had not 
much time left. That night he woke up very weak in his body and mind, but found both me 
and Chris together with him. I saw a smile on his face and he whispered to us. 
- I'm so glad to see the both of you here. I don't know how bad it is for me, but if I pass away 
then I want you to know one thing, he turned to me and continued, I want you to stay with 
Chris and make her happy and make sure that she will enjoy being with you. Then he turned 
to Chris and said. 
- And I want you to take care of Simon and you must ensure that he will get all the pleasure a 
young man wants out of his life. 
He twinkled at Chris in a way that only they knew what it meant. He closed his eyes and fell 
asleep again. We stayed the night in the room and at dawn he passed away.

That day was very tough for both of us. First we had to make arrangements with the hospital, 
then with Chris and Joe's lawyer and finally with the undertaker. I guess we got home to 
Chris's house just before nightfall. I went inside with Chris, since they had no children. We 
got something to eat and talked a little bit about everything, then she arranged the room next 
to hers for the night and we both fell asleep.

In the middle of the night I woke up hearing Chris crying. I went inside and held her for a 
while, and then I got in bed with her and held her close. It felt good being close to a woman 
even though she was twice my age and had just lost her husband. At the same time I must say that 
she was very good looking, not only for her age. She had blond hair and was slightly smaller 
than me. The night passed fast and we fell asleep again. When we awoke beside each other it 
felt real good, even though we should have been ashamed. Nothing more happened though.

Next two days passed with phone calls and visits from people paying their respect for Chris 
and Joe. I stayed in the house serving visitors. I spent the following nights in bed with Chris, 
holding her tight and keeping her company. Even though I had my underwear on and she had 
her night dress, I couldn't help myself form getting a hard on being that close to her. I knew 
she noticed it, but she never said anything.

Then it was Monday and Chris told me to follow her to the lawyer, to go through the will. As she 
was my boss now, it was no problem getting of work. When we entered the lawyer's office 
and had settled down there, he started:
- Thanks for coming here so soon. Even though Joe should have had many years left to go, he 
has been preparing for this situation. You know that Chris as several issues have been 
discussed with you, but you Simon haven't got to know anything. For your information, I 
have assigned the whole day for the two of you, to ensure that you will make the right 
decision.
I was completely confused by now, but Chris just nodded as she knew what to come. The 
lawyer continued after bringing out a box in front of him.
- In here I have the will of Joe and as both of you can see it is sealed. He opened the box, took 
out a paper and started to read. I hereby want to declare my will after passing away. This is 
something that I have discussed with Chris and we have both agreed upon it. This applies if 
only Chris and Simon are present in the room. Otherwise you, as my lawyer, must open letter 
one or wait until you're able to fulfil the requirements.
I wondered what this was. As only I and Chris were present, he continued.
- Simon, I have really enjoyed your presence with me and Chris and now you shall be 
rewarded. I have two options for you and you must take your time to consider it before you 
make you decision. The option you choose will change you're life from now on. Option 1 
means that you are entitled 10 times your annual salary, as a one time amount. You may do as 
you wish with the money, continue to work in the firm or go travelling. Option 2 - means that 
you will get half of my fortune under certain conditions, but you must stay with Chris for the 
rest of you life. As you're a young man that loves to fool around with girls, Chris will arrange 
for you to meet girls on a regular basis in a way that's beyond your imagination. Between 
each time you will remain by the side of Chris physically and sexually. You will also get the 
legal arrangement through a contract with procedures attached to this. Each year you will 
have one annual salary in advance to spend on your own. This offer is estimated to account for 
at least 100 times your annual salary of today.

I couldn't speak or think but then I could hear Chris say:
- Simon, I really want to be with you and that was also Joe's last wish. Still I want you to 
think it through during the day, we have a lot to go through here.
Then the lawyer and Chris began to go through the assets and several hours later it turned out 
that the second option was worth more than 300 times than was expressed in the will, still the 
firm was not included in that amount. I spent the day on my own, with Chris and with the 
lawyer. I made my decision almost right away though, which was to stay with Chris. She was 
a beautiful woman and if I was married it would have been a dream to have such a beautiful 
woman by my side. My decision became even clearer after talking to Chris and she told me 
how she planned to make me taste all kinds of women, starting with one weekend each 
month. That was also a part of the procedures so I wouldn't be tempted to commit a crime and 
kill her for the money. Later that day I signed away the right to my life, to be with a woman 
that was twice my age.

The day ended and I went home with Chris and it was the first night as her spouse. I got into 
the bedroom and took off all my clothes, and then I undressed Chris. It was fascinating to see 
her naked and I was turned on by being with her. We got into bed and I gently touched her and 
finally I pushed my dick into her pussy. The best part of being with a woman in that age was 
that there was no risk of getting pregnant. I came within a moment and then I got down 
licking her clit until she also came. Now I started to fulfil my obligations.

The next few weeks went by in a hurry. First it was the funeral, and then it was time to sell 
my apartment and at the same time keep up with my work. That month turned out to be the 
most profitable month ever for the company. I guess all the employees did their best to pay 
their respect for Joe and it paid off. They all received a bonus afterwards that was very 
generous. I know that everybody noticed that I had moved in with Chris, but I had no 
promotion. It also turned out that Chris had been the woman behind the man, when she was 
together with Joe. She was cut for business and that made the firm even more competitive. 
Meanwhile she revealed her plan to keep running the firm another four or five years and then 
retire. During this time she would build a new management team and then let them buy her 
out. For me her plans were just being with me and ensure that I enjoyed my life.

My life with Chris had really changed my lifestyle. The prior record of not being together 
with another woman was three weeks and soon the first month passed. It felt good to be 
devoted to one woman, but I started to miss the fooling around. Chris ensured me that I would 
be presented to a woman soon. It took another two weeks before she told me to take the 
Friday off and stay in the house. Then I knew that she was about to fulfil the last wish of Joe, 
that I would get the pleasure a young man want out of his life.

At noon that Friday the doorbell rang and I went to open the door. In front of me was a good 
looking white woman, about the same length as me. She had blond hair and blue eyes.
- Hi I'm Simon, I said. Are you the woman Chris have been in contact with?
- Yes I am. I hope that I'm expected.
Of some reason I got nervous and didn't know what to do. It felt like my ma was about to 
approve my date, when I was younger. Chris came to rescue then.
- Oh hi, you're welcome. Please come on in. She said.
We went into the living room and Chris placed the woman and me on the sofa, close to each 
other. The woman was almost everything I was, the same age, the same background, the 
same length and the same interests. After getting acquainted with each other, Chris served us 
coffee and started to talk. 
- I know this may seem like a new situation for both of us, but it is quite simple. She turned to 
the woman and continued. I want you to have a weekend of pleasure and having sex with my 
Simon. He is a young man that really needs it. Then she turned to me. And you Simon shall 
have a good time with the lady here and make her feel comfortable. I will be around the two 
of you watching and also getting into the bed with you when I feel like it. We both nodded 
and I turned to the woman and gave her a kiss to break the ice and she responded by opening 
her mouth and our tongues met.

Now we really got along. I was so tempted by her that I started to take off her blouse right 
away and continued to play with her tits. She replied by taking her trousers and underwear 
off, turned around and sat on my lap in front of me. With her tits at the right level I began to 
suck her nipples and touching all over her fine body. She took my shirt off and then my 
trousers and underwear. I had a rock hard dick by then and her pussy was juicy, so she took it 
and let it slide in. It was wonderful to let her ride me and I came in her pussy after a short 
while. Then I continued to rub her clit with my thumbs until she came. After that she jumped 
off me and sat on one side on the sofa while I had Chris on the other side. I held them both 
around their shoulders while the ladies kept talking. It took some time before my dick started 
to get hard again, but my date noticed it right away and started to suck it and lick it. 
Meanwhile Chris started kissing me and I came a second time. My date got up and I gave her 
a kiss on her mouth right away and could taste a little bit of my cum on her lips. I always 
loved doing that, kissing the girl that had taken my load in her mouth. I guess it is a way of 
paying respect but I also love kissing a girl on the mouth after eating her pussy.

We stayed in the living room until dinner and then we moved up to the bedroom. We got in 
bed all of us naked and I enjoyed being there with two women. The date and I started to fuck 
and Chris stroke my back to make me feel good. This continued throughout the whole 
Saturday and until Sunday afternoon. Then my date had to leave and I was really pleased with 
the choice Chris had made for me. I gave the woman a kiss before she left but I didn't say that 
it would be nice to meet her again. That was one of the rules that I had agreed upon, 
only onetime dates.

The weeks after passed quickly and Chris worked to make things going. She also went 
travelling, coming home with orders all the time. People at work didn't seem to bother that I 
moved in with Chris, not as the business was going great. It took three weeks before I was 
told to take the Friday off again. This time I was very curious about what she had found for 
me. The whole morning I spent cleaning up the house together with Chris and right 
after noon the doorbell rang and I went to open the door. I was surprised, because in front of 
me was a very small girl. If I hadn't seen her car parked on our driveway I would have 
guessed she was underaged. Later I found out that she just turned nineteen. As I mentioned 
she was very small and she stood in front of me, she reached to my chest even though she 
wore high heel. She had short hair, blue eyes and was very cute. Chris came up behind me, 
welcomed her and then we went to the living room. We started to talk to each other and Chris 
served us soft drinks and coffee. After an hour she came to us and said.
- Now I've arranged a bath for the two of you, so you can start to get used to each others for 
real.
We all went into the bathroom and my cloths went off right away and then I turned to my 
date. I slowly undressed her and now I noticed that she was all flat. There was no tits to speak 
of, just her nipples. Taking of her underwear I saw her small bush above her pussy and of 
course a flat ass. Chris had really given me a new adventure and when I turned to her, she 
could see that I liked it. We went into the bath, started talking and touching each others. Chris 
couldn't keep her hands away, so she had to clean both me and my date.

We went into the bedroom after that, started playing and teasing each other and I got really 
turned on. In a while my date made me get down on my back, as she got on top, put my dick 
to her pussy and let it slide in. I was amazed that such a small body could take the whole 
length of my dick. It wasn't that I had a huge dick, I guess it was average. It was no surprise 
that she was tight and her pussy really squeezed my dick in a nice way. This time we came at 
the same time and I could feel her tremble. We stayed in bed the rest of the day and I couldn't 
get enough of touching this small woman with her tiny tits. Later in the evening she came on 
top of me again and started to ride me. It didn't take long until she stopped, took my dick out 
of her pussy and placed it at her ass. Slowly she let it slide in bit by bit and before I knew, I 
also made it all the way in there. What a woman, she did things no one could have dreamt of. 
She really liked being ass fucked and we both screamed of pleasure and trembled as the dick 
got in and out of her ass. I couldn't help coming too soon. I saw that she was disappointed, so 
I made her sit on top of my face so I could lick her pussy to make her come. While I did that, 
my cum started to drop from her ass, down on my face in a way that made me horny.

During that weekend I also got the taste of fucking her standing up. She was not heavy at all 
so I could penetrate her while she put her legs behind my ass and her arms around my neck. 
Then I started to play with her, walking around, against the wall, at the table and so on. I also 
fucked her both ways over and over again. That Sunday I could see that it did hurt her when I 
entered her ass, so I stopped doing that. Her pussy was still fine so I fucked her standing up 
instead. Chris also liked it and kept laughing every time I showed up carrying the girl around. 
Then it was evening and my date left. Even this had been a date to remember and I made love 
to Chris very gently that night. Being together with her felt even better as time passed by.

Now a new period of time came when Chris didn't travel much, instead she worked overtime 
every day even Saturdays and Sundays. She insisted on me to work regular hours and I spent 
my spare time fixing the house, clean it up, washing our cloths and so on. When she came 
home I gave her massage and made her relax the best way I could. I felt a little bit turned 
aside, but she promised that this would only last for a little while. I must admit that I got 
jealous of not having her for myself.

After six week she came home with a tuxedo that fit just perfect. On the Friday she told me to 
take the day off but I shouldn't hurry, because the date would show up first in the evening. By 
sunset both me and Chris got dressed up, still I didn't know what she had been up to. Then a 
limousine stopped in front of the house and the doorbell rang. Once again I opened the door 
and thought I couldn't be surprised anymore. There she was though, my new date. It was the 
most beautiful woman I have ever seen, a perfect ten. She was Latin, about the same length as 
me with her high heels on. She was about 25 with a red cocktail dress. I lost my breath and 
Chris came and rescued med, again.
- Please come in, she said.
I followed after the ladies and finally I told my date how pretty I thought she was. She 
returned it with a smile. We started the evening with a glass of champagne and then we got 
into the limo and went for a ride that lasted for more than an hour. The ladies had their 
conversation and while I sat beside my date. I couldn't help myself from taking her hand and 
hold it tight. She responded the same way.

We had dinner at a first class restaurant that I had never heard of before, so I guess it really 
was a private club of some kind. We had a nice dinner, chatting a little bit about everything. I 
was sitting beside my date trying to touch her as much as possible, because she was so pretty. 
Later that evening we returned to our house, went straight upstairs to the bedroom. My date 
insisted on getting undressed in front of us, so I and Chris sat down on different chairs. She 
slowly took it all off, slow dancing, teasing me. So far she didn't let me touch her. When all 
the cloths were off, I could see the most wonderful body I had ever seen before. Then she 
turned to Chris and took off her cloths gently, showed her to the bed and made her feel 
comfortable. Now it was my turn so she approached me with a smile. She started with a deep 
kiss and then took it all off ending with kissing my dick, without sucking it. I was led to the 
bed and she placed me between the ladies. This time I came when they stroke my dick and it 
landed on my belly. My date started to lick me clean right away, continued to my dick until it 
was rock hard again. Then she lay down and told me to come on top of her and I entered her 
pussy. She was wet and really ready for me. I started to fuck her and as I just had come for the 
second time I continued for quite a while. Meanwhile she came several times but made me 
continue, until I had come inside of her. Then I was allowed to take a break. I soon realised 
that she just couldn't get enough. As I came out of her she took my head and pushed it to her 
pussy and made me touch her clit until she came again. Then she got down to my dick, took it 
in her mouth until it was hard and then got on top of me and rode me for a long, long time. It 
was amazing how good she was. Chris also came in between touching both me and my date. It 
was not that they made it with each other, instead it was to tease me and let me enjoy it. We 
kept on like this the whole Saturday, I was fucking my date, she went on top, and she let me 
lick her pussy and played with my dick. I didn't get much sleep because she still wanted 
more. The Sunday became even more intense and she made me stay inside of her pussy after I 
came and my dick wasn't hard anymore. Well it didn't take long until she made me hard 
anyway, still I don't know what kind of secret move she made. 

When she left I was both sad and relieved. This was the finest woman I have ever met and at 
the same time the horniest. That Monday I didn't go to work, instead I had to get some rest. 
Chris just laughed and stayed at home with me and it felt good being alone with her.

We got back to our daily routine now and Chris went for some travelling and some late work. 
Still it was a better balance between life and work. She slowly started to approach people she 
thought would be appropriate to take over the company. Some more weeks passed before it 
was time for a new date. As usual I had the Friday off and after lunch the doorbell rang. I 
went to open the door to see what surprise she had made for me. Just before I opened the 
door, Chris shouted:
- This time I have prepared something spicy for you. 
I opened the door and in front of me was woman about my age, with red hair and twice my 
size. She wasn't overweight, she was fat. I recovered fast and showed her into the living room 
and we sat down on the sofa. I must say that this was something. We started to talk a little and 
Chris came in and sat beside me and joined our conversation. Then she turned to me and said:
- I guess this was a surprise for you, still there is one more thing you should know about. She 
turned to my date and asked her. Shall I tell him? My date nodded and Chris continued. The 
spicy surprise for you is that she's having her menstruation right now.
Once again she had come up with something I never have tried before. First I was turned off 
by the thought of being with this fat woman, now I was curious of what it would be like.

We stayed in the living room and I started to touch my date. Slowly I went over her legs up to 
her tits and stroke her cheek. She responded by touching me back and then we started to kiss. 
In a while Chris asked us to go upstairs and get started. When we came up I noticed that she 
had taken out towels for us to use if it got to messy. I took my cloths off first then I went over 
to my date and took off her blouse, bra and trousers. I left the underwear for a moment and 
started to play with her tits. They were huge and it was really nice to play with them. We got 
into bed and now I slowly removed her underwear. I could smell her pussy and the spicy 
flavour of her menstruation. Still I went down between her legs to get a closer look. I stuck 
out my tongue and started to lick her clit and let a finger into her pussy. When it came out it 
was red from her blood. I got on top of her, put my dick to her pussy and started to fuck her. 
While I went in and out of her, the fluid dropped down on the bed but I kept going. She was a 
big woman and her pussy was also very big. This made me go on for quite a while until I 
came in her. I went out of her and stroke her clit until she came. After this I asked her if she 
wanted her underwear on again or if she preferred a towel under ass instead. She choose the 
towel and that gave me the opportunity to play with her pussy while we rested in bed. Chris 
only went into the room to see that we had a nice time, so I guess she didn't like this.

We continued to play with each others and she was really nice. I got turned on by her tits and 
started to fuck her between them. When I came, it shot it all over her face and she laughed. 
This was the play for the Friday evening. On Saturday we started with a shower together and I 
washed her clean and she washed me. We went for a walk and returned to the house, went 
straight upstairs and got undressed. This time my date took command. She pushed me to the 
bed and got on top. First she let the dick inside and started to ride me. Then she leaned 
forward and placed the whole weight on me and I could hardly breathe. She kept going until 
she came, playing with me like I was a toy. Chris went into the room and laughed at what she 
saw and got in bed with us. When my date was done, Chris took my head and led me down to 
the dripping pussy. She pushed me into it and said:
- Lick our lady clean dear, this is a moment of truth. 
She laughed while I started to lick the messy pussy. I didn't like it but Chris held my head 
firm and the only thing I could do was keep licking and sucking. When I was done, the ladies 
told me to get clean and then return. So I did and the rest of the weekend went on like it had 
been so far. I must admit that this woman really loved having sex while she had her period.

Even this date ended on the Sunday afternoon and I had some time with Chris again. Like 
always we had a great time after a date and we both agreed on that. The next weeks passed 
very quickly and it only took another week before I was told to take the Friday off again.

I got ready as before and after lunch the doorbell rang. I opened the door and there I had a 
new date. This time it was a black woman, the same age as Chris. I showed her the way to the 
living room and as soon as Chris came, the ladies really started talking while I sat between 
them. I was really tempted by the thought of having sex with this black woman and we soon 
went upstairs. I undressed both my date and Chris before I took my own cloths of. I touched 
her all over her body but noticed that she really liked to have me between her legs, so I spent 
most of the time eating her pussy. Once in a while I placed her on the side of the bed and 
fucked her standing on my knees in front of her or just entered her pussy from behind. We had 
a nice time the three of us and I guess Chris was with us almost all the time. The Sunday came 
and the date was over. I returned to Chris and spent the rest of the day licking her too.

Life continued and Chris had engaged new people to run the business and she could finally 
take some time off. I joined her as much as I could, still some of the time she wanted to be 
alone and that included her time to arrange new dates for me.

It took five week this time before she had made the arrangements. We had the Friday off to 
get ready and after lunch it was time. The doorbell rang and I went to open, curious of what to 
find. I opened the door and in front of me was a young white girl, a little bit smaller than 
Chris. She had very large tits and when I looked down I had my surprise. The girl was 
pregnant and I guess she was in the eighth month, so she was quite big. I let her in and 
showed her to the living room where she slowly sat down. As a reflection I helped her. It 
turned out that her husband passed away in a car accident, being hit by a drunk driver just 
after she got to know that she was about to have a baby. Chris knew of course all of that as 
she had found my date. This was really something different and I didn't know what to do or if 
she wanted to have sex with me. It turned out that she had been really sad since the accident, 
but she also needed to be with someone before it was time for the delivery. This also included 
having sex as she thought it would be a way of proving for the child that there was someone 
more around that liked them. This didn't make any sense for me, but I thought if I was gentle it 
would not do any harm.

We started in the bathtub. I undressed her and it was a thrill to feel the child kicking inside. 
We got inside of the tub and we both really cleaned each other and were especially asked to 
giver her massage on her back and her neck. She also was stuck on touching my dick and she 
sucked it right away and swallowed all of it when I came. When we were finished, we went to 
the bedroom and got comfortable. Chris joined of course, as she also wanted to feel the baby 
kicking. Then my date got on top of me and put the dick to her pussy and started to ride me. 
This felt good for me as I thought I could be gentle. Instead she got more or less wild with a 
dick inside of her pussy and fucked me real hard. She told me that this was no problem for the 
child, as the delivery would be a much tougher experience. This made sense to me so I let her 
fuck me hard and wild. She came several times before I came in her pussy and we had a 
break. Being pregnant also meant that she had to go and pee very often and it was hard for her 
to hold it back. There was also fluid coming out of her pussy as a result of the pregnancy. As I 
had tasted the blood from a pussy before, I just had to taste this too. I got down between her 
legs several times playing with her with my tongue. This was something she really enjoyed. I 
continued the whole weekend to fuck her from both behind and up front. She became more 
and more relaxed as the time went by and this weekend turned out to be really good for her. 
We later got to know that on her way back home, she met a new man that she also got married 
to.

I was now used to these adventures and I enjoyed it. At the same time I could see that the 
planning of each date also was fun for Chris. It took three weeks this time before the next 
event. I could sense that Chris got a little tenser than the other times, still I didn't 
know why. When I opened the door I understood. In front of me was an old lady, I guess 
something between 75 and 80. Still she was a very virile woman but at the same time very 
fragile. I guess the way I have handled my last date made Chris choose this as my date. I 
thought she would like to know if I could be attracted to an old woman that she also slowly 
became. This was something that even I wanted to know and this was the challenge. It turned 
out be both an erotic and fun weekend. As much as I did laugh listening to her stories, had 
been a long time. It turned out hat she had been living a very rich life of both sadness and joy. 
She had been running her own company, she had children and was married once but they had 
all died before her and now she was on her own again. Coming to us this weekend was a real 
kick for her. First meeting Chris who she got along with and then she got to know me and 
was offered to have sex with a young man. It turned out that the old lady also had been a 
prostitute in her prior life and once knew how to please a man.

We started out with a dinner but it didn't take long until she got up and said:
-Now it's time to fuck. If I wait another minute, I might drop down dead.
She took both me and Chris in her hand and we got upstairs to the bedroom. My date was an 
older version of Chris, even though not as pretty. I let the old lady get me undressed as I 
thought it would please her. She loved every part of it and then it was my turn to take her 
cloths of. It was quite a thrill to get to know how well she kept her body. I was surprised, of 
course her tits had become saggy and flat by the years but her skin was soft and firm. When I 
touched her she responded with joy and she also let me come inside of her pussy. I was gentle 
and it took quite some time before I came, but we all enjoyed it. Especially Chris was happy 
to see me enjoy being with that woman. We fell asleep very soon and slept until the morning. 
We continued the most of the day listening to her stories and in between let her touch me and 
taste my load and I also went down licking her old pussy. I even fucked Chris in between as 
the old lady insisted on me doing it. We ended up at Sunday evening and said goodbye. As we 
had done with all the other dates, this was also a one-date-in-a-lifetime, even though it was no 
threat.

After this date Chris had turned out to become a very happy woman with a huge self-
confidence. Now she knew that I would still touch her when she got old, even if I fooled 
around with younger girls in between. I was also much relived as I enjoyed having sex with 
that woman. She knew how to play with me and Chris picked up a little bit while she did that.

Life went on and we both did spend a lot of time at work and I didn't notice that six weeks 
past before the next date. There as no chance to squeeze it in between all the other thing we 
had to do. This was also a good sign for our relationship. Chris became more or less a sex 
maniac. As soon as she could find a moment, she used to take my hand and place it on her 
pussy or she placed hers on my dick. When we watched TV together I guess I always had one 
finger up her pussy to please her.

Now for the next date I had no clue what she had set up for me. With all the women in the 
world available I thought there was a lot more to try out. This time she told me also to take the 
Thursday off, so I knew something was coming. Right after lunch the doorbell rang and I 
opened the door. In front to me stood two young blond girls, they were twins. 
- Hi, we're the dangerous sisters, you must be Simon. One of them told me and the other 
continued.
- Of what Chris had told us about you we're going to have a good time together.
I laughed and realised that Chris had prepared a party for me. A return to my youth before I 
continued my life together with Chris. I showed the girls into the living room where Chris 
also entered the room. I sat on the sofa and the first girl sat herself on my lap right away and 
kissed me. The other one went over to Chris and actually gave her a deep kiss that I could see 
how she responded on. Even my old woman was about to have a party. The girls turned on the 
stereo while I brought out beer and booze. After a while the girls were dancing on the table 
doing their strip. This was party and it didn't take long until we all were dancing naked and 
drinking. I took the first girl on the dining table filled her juicy pussy with my cream. The 
other girl and Chris just cheered at me to make her come. We continued the party and I took 
the other girl on the sofa. Then I tried to take Chris but she just handed me over the first girl 
saying that we had our time later. Now I pleased the two girls on the table between each other 
and started to lick their pussies changing girl all the time. I also squeezed their nipples while 
licking and that really turned them on. In time they both had their climax. We continued the 
party starting to pour beer all over each other and then licking it clean. Then we went to the 
bedroom where they had started the TV and had put a porn video on. These girls were 
maniacs but at the same time it was a reminder of old days. We went on fucking the whole 
night and we passed out just before dawn.

We all had a hangover next day, especially me and the girls. Chris had had the sense not to 
keep dinking so she helped us back in order serving gin and tonic for breakfast. It took one 
hour or two to get started, but hen the party was on again. Now the girls brought out their sex 
toys from a bag that they had with them. It was dildos in different sizes, butplugs, handcuffs, 
ropes, whips and so on. The girls approached me and said:
- For the next 24 hours we want you to play with us, dominate us, tie us up, beat us up or try 
how much pain we can take.
Chris was in the room and she nodded at me. This was quite something out of the lines. I 
started slow giving them dildos and also put a butplug up their ass. The girls loved it and 
prayed for more. As I was very fixed on pussies and tits, I started to explore what they could 
take. Step by step I got rougher and in the end I had both of them tied up beating their ass and 
biting their nipples. I also gave them my tongue on their clit to make them come. I gave them 
booze all the time to keep them drunk and every time they thanked me. It ended up me 
fucking both of them in their ass. Before we passed out, I untied them and all the four of us 
slept in the bed.

Next morning I awoke finding out that the girls had tied me up. Then the first of them placed 
her ass on my face and made me lick her. Then I had to do the same thing with the other girl. All 
the time Chris saw them play with me and laughed. They let me go after a couple of hours. 
We hadn't left the bedroom all that time so we now went to the kitchen and got something to 
eat. Then we got upstairs again and the girls placed themselves in a 69, making it good for 
each other. Chris and I couldn't help it so we did the same. What a scene, two couples in the 
bed in the 69 position. We all came and switched places, even Chris joined us here eating 
pussy for the first time in her life. We continued throughout the night playing with each other. 
Finally we made it to Sunday and we were all more or less exhausted, so I just had soft sex 
with the girls in the end letting them ride my dick and kissing and so on.

When the girls left the house I turned to Chris and gave her a deep kiss. This old woman, 
twice my age, not only let me have a good time but also joined me. I must say the future 
looked good and I was really happy that I went for this option in the will.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





