BDSM Library - The Birthday Present




The Birthday Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Thomas gets more than he bargained for when his wife agrees to dominate him on his 40th birthday.
Thomas was excited.  Today was his birthday.  It was a big one - he was turning
40 - and he'd been looking forward to it for weeks.  It wasn't getting older
excited him.  It was the birthday present that his wife Alexandra had promised
to give him that promised to make this birthday a special one.  As he counted
down the minutes until it was time to leave work, his mind wandered back to an
intense conversation they'd had several weeks ago.

It wasn't an easy conversation for either one of them, but it was one Thomas
felt they had to have.  He was uneasy talking about sex, even with his wife, and
he was especially anxious about revealing certain interests he'd been developing
over the last few years, in secret.  For some time he'd been having intense
fantasies of being dominated sexually, and he didn't feel he could keep them
submerged any longer without going crazy.  He simply had to make them real.

What has started as a curiosity he developed by browsing certain Internet sites
and chat rooms had developed into an almost constant craving to be tied up,
whipped, and sexually humiliated.  He knew, deep down, that eventually he was
going to have to act on these impulses.  As his 40th birthday approached, he
felt it was time to finally broach the subject with his wife of 17 years.

His sex life with Alexandra was still quite active.  She was every bit as
attractive to him as she had been the day they had married.  She was a tallish
woman, almost 5' 10", full-figured, and she had large round almond-colored eyes
and a full-lipped mouth that seemed to beg to be kissed.  She dressed fairly
conservatively, but the clothes didn't conceal her innate sensuality very well. 
Wherever she went, appreciative glances from men of all ages followed her.

Alexandra enjoyed sex, but she had never expressed anything more exotic than
straightforward, passionate fucking.  They had on occasion tied each other up,
and Thomas would occasionally slap her tauntingly on the ass when he took her
from behind, but the subject of S&M had never crossed their conversation in or
out of the bedroom.  Thomas decided it was time to change that, even though he
knew that there might be consequences to their relationship.  He had an itch
that just had to be scratched.

And so, realizing that he wasn't getting any younger and resolving that life
wasn't going to wait around for him to gather his courage, Thomas sat Alexandra
down one evening after dinner and tried to gently introduce her to his newfound
craving for sexual variation.  It didn't go as well as he'd hoped it would.

"I don't understand," Alexandra said, "Why do you need to be humiliated to get
off?  Am I not attractive to you anymore?  Is there something in your childhood
I don't know about that's driving you to this?"

"No, no, no," Thomas responded gently.  "It's got nothing to do with you not
being attractive to me.  God knows you're a beautiful woman.  I'd have to be
blind not to see that!  It's just that...I don't know...the thought of being
under someone else's control is so erotic to me!  I feel like I need to know
what it's like.  I...I can't stop thinking about it."

Thomas' voice trailed off and there was a long silence.  After a time,
Alexandra's initial anxiety seemed to fade a bit and she started asking
questions.  What had brought him to this realization?  What kinds of things did
he want her to do with him?  Thomas, embarrassed as he was, answered as honestly
and completely as he could.  Finally the question he dreaded the most came up.

"Is this something that you think could endanger our marriage if I can't go
along with it?" she asked him.

Thomas looked down and hesitated.  The he said, "Well I hadn't even been
thinking on those lines, Alex.  I thought I should talk to you about it first
and see how you felt before I thought about my next move."

His response was unconvincing, and, for the first time in the conversation, not
entirely honest.  The truth was that he had considered the possibility that
Alexandra would not find it in herself to take this road with him, and if that
happened he was not sure if he could simply set these desires aside and go on
with life as normal.  He just didn't know how he might feel or what he might do
if that happened.  He hoped it wouldn't come to that.

Alexandra said she would have to do some thinking and get back to him.  That was
how they left it.  Thomas hadn't heard anything since, for nearly two weeks, and
he was deeply concerned that she'd just drop it, and pretend the conversation
had never happened. 

But that was, in fact, not the case.  Not at all.  Alexandra had given the
matter a great deal of thought during that time and was actively researching the
subject of S&M, visiting web sites and talking to people involved in the
lifestyle online, and her thoughts on the matter had undergone a great deal of
change during that time.

In fact, after the initial shock had worn off, Alexandra had warmed to the idea
of dominating her husband immensely.  She merely decided that making him wait
for her response was a proper way for her to begin asserting her newfound
dominance.

Finally, on the day Thomas turned 40, she took pity on him.

"I've come to a decision about your wish to be dominated," she said
matter-of-factly.

"Oh?" Thomas replied, trying hard to conceal his surprise and excitement.

"Yes. However, I have some conditions," she continued.

"Conditions?" said Thomas, raising his eyebrows.

"Yes, and they are not negotiable.  We either do this my way, or we don't do it
at all.  Any bitching or complaining on your part, before during or after our
scene and it's over.  That's it."

She was speaking more forcefully than Thomas had ever heard her speak before. 
Her tone was even and commanding, not emotional or antagonistic.  A vague sense
of unease was gnawing at him over what exactly she might have in mind, but there
was really no decision to make.  He had to try this.  He simply had to.  And if
on her terms was the only way it was going to happen, so be it.

"I agree," he said.  "We do it your way.  However you want to approach it, I'll
go along.  It was my idea and I am not backing out."

For the first time she smiled at him, a wicked smile, a smile that said "I know
something you don't."  Thomas suppressed a small shiver, and for a moment doubt
crept back into his thoughts.  He pushed it away and excitement soon settled in
and carried him through his work day.

5:00 couldn't come soon enough.  His birthday "session" was to start immediately
upon his return from work.  "Be ready for anything," she had told him.  He felt
like he was. 

He was wrong.

He sped home and nearly clipped the side of the garage parking his car.  His
heart was pounding in his ears as he opened the front door.  As he walked in
Alexandra met him in the hallway.  Thomas held his breath at the sight of her.

She looked just like one of the fetish models from one of his "special" web
sites.  Her black, spike-heeled boots came up to her knees.  All that covered
the rest of her body was a black thong and a black leather bustier clinging to
her more-than-ample cleavage.  Her dark hair was down around her face and her
makeup was tasteful yet wicked - black eyeliner and bright red lipstick.  Thomas
was speechless.  He just stood there and gaped, dumbstruck and euphoric.

Alexandra looked at him sternly and said, "In the bedroom, now."  Thomas moved
quickly in that direction and she followed close behind him.

Once there she ordered him to strip.  "Take off everything, including your watch
and wedding ring."  He quickly undressed and she told him to bend over the foot
of the bed, "ass in the air."

"I think someone deserves a birthday spanking," she said.  "What do you say to
40 licks?"
"I'd like that," he replied.

THWACK!  Thomas twitched involuntarily as Alexandra brought her riding crop
(recently purchased along with her outfit at a store just off the interstate a
few miles from their home) down hard on his bare ass.

"You will address me as 'Mistress' or 'Ma'am' when you speak to me", she told
him, "and you will not speak until spoken to.  Is that clear?"

THWACK!  She struck him again. 

"Yes, Mistress!" Thomas said enthusiastically, his voice breaking a bit.

"Good.  Now that didn't count towards your 40 licks.  I want you to count them
off for me - 1 Ma'am, 2 Ma'am - like that.  Got it?"

"Yes Ma'am!"

She took her time, punishing his ass from top to bottom, until bright red lines
streaked both cheeks and the tops of his thighs.  By the time he reached "40
Ma'am" Thomas voice was cracking and he sounded as if he were on the verge of
tears.

She let him stay in that position for a time when she had finished, and then ran
the crop over his ass as she spoke again.

"That whipping served two purposes.  First to celebrate your important milestone
of reaching 40, and second to introduce you to idea that I am in total control. 
I do what I want to you when I want to, and you damn well better like it.  Got
it?"

"Yes, Mistress," he replied, with a little less excitement and a little more
fear in his voice now.
"Now," said Alexandra, "sit your ass down in this chair."

A simple, sturdy metal chair that usually sat on their back porch had been
strategically placed against the back wall facing the foot of the bed.  Thomas
quickly sat down.  The hard, cold metal actually felt good against his sore ass.

Alexandra opened a drawer in the nearby nightstand and produced four lengths of
short rope.  She tied his wrists firmly to the arms of the chair and his ankles
to the legs.  Thomas was completely immobilized.  Then she pulled a red rubber
ball gag from the same drawer and popped it in his mouth.  Thomas drew back his
head in surprise but she soon had a strap around his head to hold the gag in
place so that he could now neither speak nor move a muscle.

Alexandra stood in front of him and regarded him for a moment.  The corners of
her mouth twitched evilly as she spoke again.

"For the next part of this evening's entertainment," she said, "you will be
merely a spectator.  You may not like what you see, and frankly I don't give a
shit.  Consider yourself fortunate that I even let you watch what comes next,
because if I so chose I could easily blindfold you, or shove your ass in the
closet."

Thomas felt a chill run down his spine.  He had a cold premonition that he would
NOT like what was about to happen next.  He tested his bonds and found that they
had been very well-tied and did not give at all.  He was indeed, he realized,
just a spectator at this point, and a helpless one at that.

Alexandra moved toward the bedroom door and called out, "Paul, you may come in
now."

Thomas' eyes grew wide in horror as a very young, very naked man entered their
bedroom.  He strained once again against his bonds and tried to cry out, but all
that came out was a muffled groan.  Alexandra looked at Thomas through narrow
eyes and pressed the crop against his balls.

"You shut the fuck up," she said in a low voice, "or I'll whip these for you,
too."  She sounded like she meant it.  Thomas felt as if he might black out, and
tried to concentrate on his breathing.  A sickening sense of fear and regret
began to gnaw at his insides.

The young man was tall, dark-haired, pale, and very handsome.  He was very fit
and he seemed to have no hair on his body.  Alexandra now looked him over
appreciatively.

"Thomas," she said, "this is Paul.  I'm going to play with him tonight.  And
he's going to let me do whatever I like to him, aren't you boy?"

"Yes, Mistress," the young man said eagerly.

"Put your back to me and stand up against the end of the bed," she commanded.

Once Paul had complied she again went to the drawer on the nightstand and pulled
out two more lengths of rope.  She tied him by each wrist to the sturdy metal
bedposts that rose several feet above each corner of the bed, so that his arms
were stretched out away from his body.

"You are a pretty one, Paul," she said as she stood behind him with her body
pressed against his.

Her hands were exploring him, gliding across his neck, down his sides, cupping
his ass.  As she groped him she put her mouth next to his ear and whispered
something Thomas could not make out.  He felt certain that he didn't want to
hear what she was saying.

Thomas was still very much in a state of shock and sat very tense as he watched
his wife fondle the young stranger.  For all his outrage, however, he could feel
his cock beginning to swell.  He could not deny that arousal was beginning to
crowd out his feelings of betrayal and fury.

By now Alexandra was kissing the back of Paul's neck and her hands had moved
around his waist and between his legs.  Paul moaned softly as his erection grew. 
Alexandra kissed her way down his back then lingered with some quick flicks of
the tongue on his ass.  She bit him on his right ass cheek and Paul tensed up
and cried out in surprise.

Alexandra giggled and said "I think you're 'done' on this side, darling, let's
flip you over."

She stood up and untied his hands and Paul turned around and obediently raised
his arms so she could retie his hands to the bedposts.  Thomas could now get a
good view of his impressive erection.  So could Alexandra.

"Mmmmm," she said, reaching out to grab his cock, "I am going to have some fun
with that."

She leaned forward and kissed him hard on the lips as she stroked his cock. 
They kissed passionately, like experienced lovers, lips parting, tongues
exploring.  Thomas felt miserable and humiliated, but he could sense the
swelling between his legs grow larger still.  He knew there was no way to hide
this, that his wife would soon see that this spectacle was arousing him in spite
of himself, and his anger burned even brighter.

For the moment Alexandra seemed to have forgotten his presence, however, because
by now she was kissing and biting Paul's neck.  Paul had thrown his head back
and thrust out his hips, abandoning himself to the probing hands and demanding
lips of his Mistress.  Alexandra continued her trip southward down his body,
pausing for a considerable time to lick and nibble his nipples, at which he
showed his appreciation by moaning even louder and growing another full inch. 
By now Thomas' cock was also standing at full attention.

Alexandra dropped to her knees.  She studied Paul's cock for a time as she
continued to stroke it with both hands.

Finally she said "You know, this looks good enough to eat.  I think I will."

With that she went to work on him.  Really went to work on him.  Her tongue
seemed to be everywhere, licking his cock from tip to base and working on his
balls as well.  Once he was well-licked and seemingly on the verge of exploding,
she took him in her mouth and slid him deep, deeper, and deeper inside.  Her
head moved back and forth slowly, rhythmically, and Paul began to move his hips
in appreciation.

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned as she moved her head up and down on him more quickly.

Thomas wondered if she were going to let him come in her mouth.  He tried to
remember the last time she'd let him do that, but he couldn't.  He wondered
also, for the first time, what she was trying to tell him with this "show" she
was putting on, and where it would lead.  The answer to that question was even
more elusive.

Just when it seemed Paul was about to explode, however, Alexandra slid him out
of her mouth completely and, leaned back to inspect him.

"Rock hard and nice and wet," she said.  "I'd say you were ready to be fucked. 
Wouldn't you?"

"Ohhh...uhhh...yes!" stammered Paul.  "Yes, please, Mistress."

Alexandra laughed and stood up.  She untied his wrists again and told him to lie
down on his back on the bed.  His cock bounced up and down as he slid up on the
bed and lay down on his back.  He raised his arms above his head without being
told, and Alexandra had soon tied him spread eagle to the four bedposts, so that
he was completely immobilized.

She walked back over to her special drawer and pulled out a condom.  She threw
it on the bed and it landed on Paul's chest.  Then she started to undress slowly
as both men watched her hungrily.

Very slowly, she unbuttoned her halter top, and her ample breasts were exposed a
little more with each undone button.  Both men sighed in appreciation as it
popped off and feel to the floor.  Then she took off her boots by putting a foot
up on the bed, unzipping it slowly, and then kicking it off so that it landed at
Thomas' feet.  Finally she bent way over as she eased her panties down and off
her ankles, putting her finely proportioned ass right in her helpless husband's
face as she did so.

But she continued to ignore Thomas as she crawled onto the bed and snatched the
condom from Paul's chest.  She ripped open the package and unrolled it on his
rock-hard cock.  Paul wriggled in his bonds, in anticipation of what was to
come, as she did so.

Straddling him, she leaned forward so that her breasts dangled tantalizingly
over his mouth.  Paul licked his lips but could not move to reach her.

"You want a taste?" she asked teasingly.

"Yes Mistress!" he said.

"Say please!"

"Please!  Please let me suck you!" he replied eagerly.

Slowly she lowered herself so that her right breast met his lips.  Paul's mouth
took her in and his lips, teeth, and tongue went straight to work.  Alexandra
moved her body up, down, left, and right to allow him access to her naked breast
from all angles.  After she was satisfied she raised herself up, hesitated a
bit, and then let him have his fill of her left breast.
When she finally sat up again, she had a wild, hungry look in here eyes.

"Alright stud," she said hoarsely, "it's time I gave you a good, hard ride."

She slid back and positioned herself over his cock.  She lowered herself, very,
very slowly, so that he slid inside of her.  Paul threw his head back and let
out a long, satisfied groan.

When he was all the way inside her, she sat still for a moment, waiting for him
to look back up at her.  When their eyes met, she lifted her hips and let him
slide nearly all the way out, then eased him back in.  Paul groaned again,
seemingly in agony this time, and began to try to move underneath her.

"No!" she said.  "You lie there and be still like a good little fuck toy.  I set
the pace or I'll leave you hard and frustrated.  Got it?"

"Yes mistress," Paul said miserably, gritting his teeth.  With great effort, he
kept his body still as she rode his cock at a slow, even pace.

Thomas was watching every move.  Seeing his wife from this perspective, he was
struck by the raw beauty of her body and the grace with which she moved on top
of her young lover.  His anger began to seep away and a sort of primal euphoria
gripped his psyche.  His body relaxed finally and he no longer struggled against
his bonds.  His cock, however, remained standing at attention.

Alexandra was now thrusting her hips with increasing urgency, and it was all
Paul could do to lay there, his body very tense, and take what she was giving
him.  Suddenly she lifted herself off him completely until his cock sprang free.

"I think I'd like to try another angle, if you don't mind," she said with a
wicked grin.  Paul said nothing.  At the moment he seemed to have lost the
ability to speak.

This didn't seem to bother Alexandra, as she deftly spun her body around to
reverse her position.  She was now facing her husband, and she looked him in the
eyes as she slid Paul's cock inside of her once again.

She continued to look at her husband as she resumed a slow patient thrusting. 
Her face was now flushed and her hair was wild and unkempt.  Sweat glistened on
her forehead and chest.  She was breathing hard.  Thomas stared back at her, his
expression vacant and his breathing slow and shallow.

Alexandra was now thrusting harder and faster, and had begun to punctuate each
thrust with a sexy, high-pitched moan.  Thomas knew that sound.  He knew it
meant he was about to watch his wife come on top of another man.

She leaned forward and put her hands down on the bed, for leverage.  She was
fucking him with great force now, and both lovers were crying out with each
thrust.  Paul came first, his back arching and his body convulsing, and
Alexandra kept pumping him until she too climaxed, her body shuddering as she
did so.

She hesitated only briefly, allowing herself to catch her breath and regain
control of her body, before sliding off of him and untying his hands and feet.

She leaned down and kissed him again, then whispered something in his ear.  She
kissed him once more, and then he sat up and lowered himself off the bed.  He
left the room without looking at Thomas.  Alexandra sat on the bed without
moving or speaking.

Thomas could hear the young man's footsteps as he moved down the hallway to the
front door.  The door opened and closed and then he heard a car start up, back
down his driveway, and speed off into the night.  Only then did Alexandra rise
from the bed and walk over to Thomas.  She removed his gag and Thomas worked his
jaw, which had become rather sore from the tension.

Alexandra spoke first.

"Well," she said, rather evenly.  "What did you think of your present?"

"I...I don't know what to think," he said truthfully.  "It wasn't what I
expected."

"No, I bet it wasn't," she said, grinning.  "But I told you we'd do this my way
or not at all.  Now, you have a choice to make."

"Choice?"

"Yes, and it's a simple one.  The genie is out of the bottle, and it's not going
back in.  And remember, you opened the bottle."

"What do you mean?" Thomas asked.

"Just this.  You gave me control.  And I like it.  I'm not giving it back.  You
can either live with it, or you can go.  From now on you live by my rules.  If I
want to fuck somebody else - man, woman, or a whole roomful of people - I'm
going to do it.  And," she said, looking down at his cock, which was still
nearly fully erect, "you can't tell me you the idea doesn't appeal to you on
some level."

Thomas blushed and looked away, but could not find the words to protest.  The
evidence was pretty overwhelming.

"This, on the other hand," she said reaching out to grab his cock, "still
belongs to me.  You fuck me, and only me, where I want, how I want, and when I
want.  Unless I decide otherwise."

She let the words sink in for a bit.  Thomas remained silent and seemed to be
lost in thought.  She put her free hand under his chin and forced him to meet
her eyes.

"What do you say, slut?" she said.  "Is it my way, or the highway?"

He hesitated, but only for a moment.

"Your way," he said finally.

"Good boy," she said.  "But I think I need you to prove your obedience to me
right away to be sure we understand each other."

"Oh?" he said, arching his eyebrows.

"That's right.  I believe I feel like another good fuck tonight.  I'm going to
untie you, and you're going to get down on your knees and eat my pussy.  Then,
when I decide I've had enough of that, I'm going to tie your ass to that bed and
fuck the shit out of you.  Doesn't that sound like a good idea?"

"Yes Mistress," Thomas said quietly, meaning it.

"Oh and Thomas," she said with another wicked grin, "Happy Birthday darling."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  solivagus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





