BDSM Library - Dolly's Python




Dolly's Python
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Leland's wife Dolly is all any guy could want...and a little bit more!Dolly's Python! 
October 2005 
&quot;Hey, it's Mrs. Tarleton! How're you doing ?&quot; I heard my secretary,
  Marcia talking and giggling with my wife.&quot;How're you, Marcia...you're
  the cutest secretary at Cooper, Tarleton and&nbsp;Strowbridge, girl!&quot;&nbsp;I
  looked up, and there she was, my beautiful girl, Dolly Tarleton, her&nbsp;long,
  honey blond curls bouncing. I dropped my work to watch as&nbsp;my lovely wife&nbsp;and
  Marcia gossiped about the foibles of their favorite hairdresser. 
Young Deon, the black head of the copy department stopped to touch my Dolly's
  hand. My face burned in shame as I recalled two weeks before, when Dolly had
  tied me, naked to a chair in front of her bed, as Deon had had his way with
  her, and she'd given him a fabulous blowjob. 
Deon had been a bit nervous at having the senior partner bound and gagged
  like this as he cuckolded his beautiful wife, but as Dolly had said &quot;Darling
  boy...this is the only time poor Leland gets to see me naked.&quot; 
But Dolly hadn't been entirely naked--she'd kept her panties on, telling young
  Deon that she was on the rag--so he hadn't seen her secret. Still, he'd been
  allowed to kiss the lucious siliconed breasts, the collagened lips, the beautiful
  hairless body of my wife...so expensive...but he didn't know her secret! 
Dolly laughed and tittered with Levison, my paralegal and of course old Mr.
  Strowbridge, the perverted senior partner. He kept giving her deep &quot;friendly&quot; kisses,
  and she just giggled and kissed him back, checking me amusedly with one eye...&quot;I
  caught you!&quot; Dolly seemed to be saying. She just got such a kick out of
  it that I desire her so much! 
Staring---oh, is it normal for a man to be so attracted to his own wife? My
  balls, so full...so swollen with back-loads of cum from months and months of
  her cruel teasing. And what could I do? I stare at her...Twice in the past
  month, she's been approached by fans who thought she was Heather Locklear or
  Jeri Ryan. 
And once she slept with some guy, a geeky cashier, because he gave her a rose...and
  what do I get? Nothing, just the right to support and worship such a stunningly
  beautiful woman. 
God, was Dolly hot oh, my darling girl...that musical laugh! But she could
  be deadly, too. How she could wield the strap, the cane, more than once, the
  horsewhip...andthe viciousness of&nbsp;Dolly's Python. &nbsp;The Python...my
  mouth watered for the Python! 
I thought of the night before, when I'd been trussed like a turkey and Dolly
  had been running her fingers up and down my poor Willy. &quot;You want to cum,
  I know...&quot; she'd breathed in my ear as her nails had scraped the tip of
  my sweating penis. 
&nbsp;Rubbing faster and then slower, again and again, I'd begged her to give
  me release. But then she'd put the Python in my mouth and it had shut me up...for
  awhile. 
&quot;Such a sad little wormy-boy&quot; my darling Dolly had snickered, tossing
  her lovely blonde curls as she shoved the Python home. &quot;You're just a
  pitiful slug...a jellyfish without the power to sting. All you're good for
  is an open wallet, in my opinion&quot; There had been tears in my eyes, and
  she'd laughed uprorariously. I was fortunate that she'd&nbsp;laughed, as sometimes
  Dolly would cane me for being a crybaby! 
The Python was truly my Master....I fantasized about it whenever I ate a bannana
  or chewed beef jerky. That long, hard, vein colored weapon, oh, how it filled
  my tender mouth...filled my soul! Oh, my Dolly! How do you do it to me, my
  Mistress? 
I watched as Dolly exchanged flirtatious glances with&nbsp;my admiring young
  associate attorney, as well as my partners, and the mail clerk.&nbsp;No evidence
  of the Python now! She was a magnet for men, my&nbsp;Dolly was.&nbsp;Even if
  they'd known her secret, she probably still would be. 
Oh, the whispers my Dolly gives when she's a-teasin'. &quot;What's wrong,
  Leland? You frustrated because you can't cum?&quot; The fingers toying and
  bouncing along my miserably purple shaft as she chuckles. &quot;Your poor dickie-bird
  is always locked into that mean old piercing.&quot; 
She squeezes my scrotum slightly and sticks a forefinger in my ass, just for
  a moment. &quot;But you were the one who wanted chastity, who begged for it.&quot; I
  gasp, and tears run from my eyes. 
&quot;You said that you felt like I shouldn't have to reciprocate when you
  serviced me...and then you said perhaps you shouldn't be able to even touch
  yourself after you'd satisfied me...and YOU took me to the piercing studio
  to get your Prince Albert..so why are you complaining that you never get to
  cum?&quot; 
&nbsp;She then would grab my swollen, full balls and squeeze to her heart's
  content. 
&quot;You're destined maybe to never cum again if that's what I want.&quot; Miss
  Dolly would titter as her lovely long nails slightly grazed my frenum, again
  and again. &quot;Imagine that, darling...locked in that piercing for the rest
  of your life, forced to sit down to pee like a girl does.&quot; 
Then Miss Dolly laughed, thinking of the time that I'd gone into my bathroom
  at work to pee...the urinals were empty and the stalls were full...so I peed
  my pants just because I couldn't sit down...because having that nasty piercing
  on my dick means no standing up to pee--which Miss Dolly said is too MALE anyway. 
&quot;Locked up for life&quot; she giggled, as she pulled and stroked my tumescent
  cock, &quot;Except when I unlock you for a little tease/torture...eh?&quot; And
  she laughed and laughed. What a cruel princess my darling Dolly can be! 
God, that tinkling laugh! &nbsp;Even after all these years, my dick stiffened
  against its secure Prince Albert piercing watching Dolly's boobs bounce in
  her crop top. And when she held up a leg to show Marcia her new fishnet hose,
  I began gasping. 
Oh, she was so sexy... I thought again of the night before I'd been tied down,
  and Dolly's long nails, then colored Neon Orange, had played and scraped across
  my thrusting penis for three hours in an evil tease&nbsp;as I'd pulled and
  strained at the ropes tying my hands. 
Dolly would pump, pump, thrust and pull my erection with&nbsp;her soft, if
  somewhat large hands, and I'd gasp and beg...and she'd let go of my poor cock&nbsp;and
  LAUGH at me, just before wonderful, miraculous release! Would I ever orgasm
  again?&nbsp;
Every few minutes, I'd be fed the Python, until the Python shot in my mouth. &quot;You
  made Mr. Happy Spit again, Junior&quot; 
Dolly would return to teasing my poor cock just for a little longer... oh.
  God.Then, just as I was about to cum, Dolly had locked me back in the Prince
  Albert piercing, laughed at my tears, and rolled her beautiful body over to
  go to sleep. And I'd sucked her to three orgasms before that! 
When I'd gone to sleep that night, my jaws had been aching, oh, so painfully.
  And my poor penis, locked as it was in the cruel Prince Albert, had throbbed
  unsuccessfully in its cruel piercing...my balls were so swollen with unsatisfied
  desire. 
&nbsp;And I knew that night, that after all the sucking I'd done, Dolly had
  left with some young men around eleven-thirty and gone partying at a punk rock
  dance club downtown. Which meant she'd probably gotten her rocks off again...oh,
  it had been so painful, and yes, I'd cried myself to sleep. &quot;The waterworks&quot; as
  Dolly contemptuously called my emotions...I did cry a lot these days! 
Now, Dolly was looking at me, and waving her fingers, tipped with Frosty Cherry
  polish--I know,as I'd manicured them this morning before work. Dolly smiled
  at my secretary .&quot;Marcie, baby I gotta talk to Leland now...hubby's been
  a bad boy!&quot; Marcie laughed at this sally, but my blood chilled.&nbsp;It
  wasn't a &quot;hey, let's get lunch&quot; visit to my workplace at all... 
&quot;Yeah, honey, just go take the afternoon off, I'll help Lee with any
  work he has.&quot; Marcie smiled gratefully as she saw my reluctant assent,
  and bounced out the door. Dolly opened my inner office door and pranced in,
  bouncing her miniskirt about. 
&quot;Well, Leland baby, how's it going?&quot; she asked in a honeyed voice. &quot;Having
  a good workday?&quot; Dolly tossed her peach curls and moved around the side
  of the desk, gently pulling me out of my chair by my necktie. 
Her glossed lips parted as she smiled into my face. I wanted her so badly--it
  had been 123 days since I'd last been allowed to have an orgasm--but as sexy
  as she looked, I knew Dolly was pissed about something. 
I could always tell...usually her frown was just one of amused contempt...I
  was always cowering in front of her, it seemed, but I could tell there was
  a bit of teeth gritting going on today, which meant that I would be in serious
  pain. But she couldn't be seriously going to punish me here in my own office! 
But she'd locked the door. And I knew that Dolly had no compunctions about
  disciplining me in public places. Just the week before, we'd been at the Hecht
  company, and I'd gotten into a tiff with her about a bright pink shirt she
  wanted me to buy. 
&quot;It's ridiculously feminine, honey. I can't wear something like that.&quot; I'd
  protested. &quot;Now, darling. .you know that you're such a sissyboy, and this
  shirt will highlight your pink cheeks.&quot; As Dolly had said this, she'd
  winked at the young salesman, who had snickered behind his hand. 
&quot;No, absolutely not!&quot; I'd insisted. &quot;Forget it!&quot; Dolly
  had turned and smiled at the young man. &quot;Sam, is there a changing room
  here?&quot; Sam had nodded assent, and Dolly had grabbed me by the ear and
  dragged me back there as salespeople and customers had stared. I'd even spotted
  a shoplifter dropping socks out of the pocket in his jacket, he'd been so amazed! 
We'd gotten in there, and Dolly had shut the door. &quot;Now, Dolly, you have
  to understand...&quot; I protested. Dolly had sat down and gone through her
  purse, pulling out her big wooden hairbrush. &quot;Take down your pants, right
  now.&quot; she'd said to me with gritted teeth. 
&nbsp;Oh, how beautiful she'd looked in her&nbsp;snug white turtleneck and
  leather miniskirt!&nbsp;&quot;Dolly, I have a right to choose my clothes...and
  you can't discipline me here.&quot; I'd looked quite severely at her, but despite
  my darling's feminity, she'd grabbed me and unbuckled my pants, dragging them
  and my shorts down. I had known I couldn't fight her off...Dolly was VERY strong. 
&quot;Bend over.&quot; Dolly had grabbed my hair and dragged me across her
  miniskirted lap. My pierced organ had been smushed against her leather covered
  knee, though the miniskirt had been so short that I could also feel her scratchy
  nylon stockings. WHACK! WHACK! Thirty I'd gotten, right across my poor bare
  bottom, and I'd screamed and cried the entire time. 
Finally, I'd come out into the store again, buttoning up my pants, tears coursing
  down my face, as the shoppers watched and giggled, and in front of my bemused
  Dolly, I'd purchased the brightly colored shirt in three different styles.
  I'd not been able to sit in the car to drive home, so Dolly had mercifully
  allowed me to lie in the back seat...oh it had been so horrible! 
&nbsp;But now in the office, it looked like more trouble for me! &quot;What
  are you working on, baby?&quot; Dolly's voice was soft as she read the brief
  on my desk. Dolly raised her little voice and read in an amusing staccato..&nbsp;&quot;The
  Trustee's Motion to Open Judgment and for Rehearing of Memorandum Opinion...oh,
  fascinating, honey...riveting as a matter of fact.&quot; 
&nbsp;Dolly smiled up at me. She was so delicious. What had I forgotten to
  do? I could see her Adam's apple pulsing...she was mad. I was terrified, but
  I couldn't quit staring down into my darling Dolly's cleavage. 
&quot;I hate to bother you here at work...you're so busy while I'm at home...&quot; Dolly
  paused to apply some lipstick. Oh, those beautiful lips. Certainly I'd paid
  to have collagen put in them, but weren't they gorgeous with that glossy shine! &quot;But
  apparently you forgot to do something, baby&quot; Dolly breathed, flicking
  her tongue in my ear. Then it came again. 
&quot;I was going to meet Jorge for lunch today, don't you pout...you know
  I need to have a boyfriend to be satisfied...you don't do it for me baby...&quot; Dolly
  smiled as she put her face closer. &quot;And I looked for the outfits you said
  you'd ironed last night but..they're all wrinkled.&quot; 
I felt Dolly's&nbsp;hands briskly&nbsp;undoing my belt, and pulling down my
  pants&nbsp;and shorts as she continued. &quot;&nbsp;My lycra mini dress with
  the sequined front isn't ironed&quot; Dolly toyed with my cock as it thrust
  against the evil piercing. 
&quot;Nor is my Electric Blue stretch tube outfit.&quot; Her soft fingers
  tickled my scrotum as I gasped. &quot; Or even my Vinyl Keyhole Halter dress,
  or&nbsp;my cotton knit turtleneck.&quot; 
WHUMP! Dolly's knee came up and slammed right into my cock and balls and I
  fell to the floor of my office moaning. Tears came out of my eyes, and I heard
  Dolly's soft tones change into her deep MALE voice. 
&nbsp;&quot;Get your clothes off, you worthless faggot motherfucker! Who the
  fuck do you think you are?&quot; Brutal kicks from Dolly's silver glitter go-go
  boots crashed in my stomach. 
That voice...I remembered the first time I'd heard it! 
April 1999 
&quot;So this is my apartment, do you like it?&quot; Dolan McIntyre looked
    around as he walked through my vestibule.&nbsp;His&nbsp;right bicep gleamed
    with the U.S. Marine Corps&nbsp;&quot;Semper Fi&quot; tattoo, as he flexed
    in the black tank top that&nbsp;designated him as a&nbsp;Tawse Club barback. 
Dolan's golden brown handlebar moustache glimmered as he looked around
    my pretentious little apartment.&nbsp;He grinned at me. &quot;It's fancy,
    real classy, Mr.Tarleton.&quot; &quot;Well, I suppose on a bartender's salary,
    you might not be living in a place like this for a while.&quot; I joked. 
Dolan smiled &quot;I'm not even a bartender, just a barback, Mr. Tarleton.
    The bartenders get real good tips.&nbsp;Me, I live at my sister's. Wish I
    was a corporate lawyer like you, sir.&quot; 
Looking at one of my more bizaare Dali prints, he whistled. &quot;So you
    got even weirder shit going on for you than being in the bondage scene, huh?&quot; 
My throat constricted. Why had I brought Dolan over? Normally, when I
    trolled at Tawse, it was to meet a hot girl, who I could train to give me
    a good whipping--not many women were naturally dominant sexually, I thought. 
I'd just broken up with Elspeth, a Tawse Club&nbsp;princess type who'd
    been fun for two or three months--but she didn't seem like she really was
    INTO domming me. It was more like &quot;Now I spanked you like you wanted,&nbsp;so&nbsp;let's
    go to the movies.&quot; 
She'd been mystified as to why I'd dumped her--after all, Elspeth was
    beautiful, and looked great in pleather corsets...but it wasn't enough. 
Dolan cracked the beer that I gave him, and we sat down. &quot;So are
    you really interested in this stuff?&quot; Dolan asked me with a grin. &quot;You
    know, I'm just working there, at the Tawse Club, sir. The pay's good...you
    members have some stiff dues.&quot; Something else was stiff, I felt uncomfortably. 
&quot;Really, Dolan, you don't ever think about how cool it would be--the
    S&amp;M scene ?&quot; I blurted. &quot;It's kind of glamorous, I think.&quot; 
Dolan shook his head. Recently discharged from the military after fifteen
    years, he'd just grown out his buzz cut, and I could tell there was a bit
    of curl in his crop. 
&quot;The idea of licking some bitch's boots--kissing ass, after a hard
    day's work, I don't think so, Mr. Tarleton.&quot; &quot;Leland--please.&quot; I
    grinned at Dolan. &quot;But, Dolan, what about being on the other end...wouldn't
    you like to have a slave? 
Might be fun, you know...a hot girl doing your every whim. I mean, getting
    your dick sucked, whipping her ass...don't tell me you've never thought about
    it.&quot; 
Dolan turned and grinned at me, showing lots of teeth under the bushy
    handlebar moustache, and again I wondered why I'd invited this guy to hang
    out at my house. 
First, I wasn't looking for buddies at the Tawse Club, just dominatrix-ish
    Mistresses...secondly, this fellow was a mere bartender! But I'd not been
    able to take my eyes off of him in weeks. What was wrong with me? 
Dolan sipped his beer and peered at me. &quot;Mr. Tarleton--&quot; &quot;Leland,
    or Lee.&quot; I interrupted. &quot;All friends here.&quot; 
Dolan smiled. &quot;Yeah, I suppose I can call you by your first name,
    considering I've watched that chick with the bad dye-job whipping your bare
    ass--what's her name? Elsie? Elspeth. She was a shitty tipper, but I did
    like watching her beat your ass, no offense sir.&quot; 
&nbsp;Hearing Dolan mention this made me feel a bit embarassed, but I
    looked straight at Dolan. &quot;As I said, Leland, it's not so much that
    I wouldn't like whipping some ass, maybe, or &nbsp;having my dick sucked--&quot; My
    own dick pulsed against my jockey shorts, looking straight into Dolan's piercing
    blue eyes. 
&nbsp;&quot;But the fact is, Leland...I don't like girls. I swing to a
    different drummer.&quot; My cock was so hard that I forgt that Dolan had
    mixed his metaphors. &quot;I don't want to put you off, uh, Leland, but I'm
    a homosexual, a gay fella. I like guys.&quot; Dolan looked at me earnestly. &quot;I
    hope&nbsp;that doesn't creep you out, I'd enjoy your friendship.&quot;&nbsp;
What happened after this I cannot be responsible for...I have no idea
    how the next&nbsp;few words&nbsp;came out of my mouth...I'd been heterosexual
    my entire forty-two years, and in fact was supporting two ex-wives and five
    children, expensive little private-school bastards that they were. But my
    next words to Dolan came out as... 
&quot;I'd love to be your slave-boy, Dolan. Please, let me try.&quot; Dolan
    looked at me, some what alarmed. What had I done? Jesus, was this going to
    get around the Scourge Club? He's such a big motherfucker. He might even
    assault me, but I'd like that...ugh. 
But Dolan put his beer down and looked at me seriously. I tried to save
    the situation. &quot;I--I'm middle aged, eight years older than you, I--you're
    very atttractive, and not even into S&amp;M but--&quot; Dolan held up a finger. &quot;Leland,
    buddy. Don't apologize. 
You're a good-looking guy--we barbacks call you the Silver Fox, and we
    all thought you were too good for Elspeth...I'd like try being your um top
    guy--&quot; &quot;Master. My Master.&quot; I squeaked. 
Oh, my cock was so fucking hard. Twenty minutes later, I'd stripped naked
    and was kneeling in front of&nbsp;the assistant barback at the Scourge Club,
    trying not to look too desperate. My dick was straight out, and I looked
    furtively at him. An experienced Dom would have slapped my face for not staring
    at the floor, but Dolan just looked at me. 
&quot;Wow. What now, Leland? Man, oh man.&quot; He was confused, but I
    could see the bulge in his black jeans. &quot;There's a thick wooden paddle
    and a&nbsp;short whip--called a dog whip in the closet, along with some handcuffs,
    sir. Miss Elspeth always locked my hands because I tend to squirm, Sir.&quot; 
Dolan seemed a bit dazed that the man who he'd called Sir was now calling
    him Sir. But he got up and went to the closet, bringing back the necessary
    implements. He couldn't get over the dog whip it seemed-- 
An hour later my butt was scalding from Dolan's efforts with my Spencer
    paddle, and I was biting the pillow, while bound naked on the bed. Dolan
    had tried the dog whip as well, with interesting results...but now he was
    toying with my bullwhip, and there were questions in his eyes. 
I lay on the bed, moving my hands in the cuffs as Dolan toyed with my
    marvelous Kangaroo Hide Bullwhip. &quot;I just don't want to seriously maim
    you, Leland.&quot; I smiled gamely. &quot;Don't worry, Master Dolan.I've
    gotten it from single-tail lashes, signal whips, snake whips, dog whips,
    stock whips, target whips, scourges and a hundred different strops, Sir.&quot; 
&nbsp;I was nervous myself, but I didn't want him to be scared off. 
&quot;You see, Sir, that whip, like many is made with a handle, a tail
    and a &quot;cracker&quot; at the tip. That bullwhip is five small whips interwoven
    into what's called plaits.&quot; I felt as if I were teaching&nbsp;a class,
    albeit being bound naked on the bed, as my new, young Master strutted back
    and forth&nbsp;in his tank top and black jeans. Oh, he was so sexy! 
&quot;You should take a stance as if you were fly-fishing...swing the
    whip out and let it land on my back, or my buttocks, wherever you wish to
    punish, Sir.&quot; I paused, and caught my breath. &quot;just flick your
    wrist, bend your arm,aim and--Ooow!&quot; Dolan's first crack had found the
    sweet spot--right beneath my buttocks and above my thighs. 
At first the lashes were hesitant, but as I moved around on the bed, trying
    to avoid them, Dolan became irritated. &quot;Stay still,you little punk!
    You're gonna get it worse now!&quot; My cock hardened and poked out from
    beneath my legs, and instantly was rewarded with a nasty lash across the
    shaft. I screamed and bellowed into my pillow, and after Dolan hesitantly
    uncuffed me, I pulled down&nbsp;his pants and encountered the Python for
    the first time. My first cock ever, but I went for it like a pro. Slurp Slurp! 
My mouth traveled up the Python, teasing the head with the tip of my tongue
    as Master Dolan bucked and groaned. I tried hard not to bite-- I sensed Dolan
    would be&nbsp;a strict punisher if there was any discomfort--but it was quite
    difficult to keep my mouth and throat smooth as Dolan skull-fucked me. 
&nbsp;As I moved around, crouched on my knees, Dolan took one of his boots
    and slammed it against my penis, grinding my penis and balls into the floor
    as I strained to suck his glorious Python...oh, I couldn't take the pain,
    but the touch of the bulbous glans of the Python on my tongue was pure pleasure! 
&quot;You better loosen up, baby.&quot; Dolan crooned. &quot;If I gotta,
    I'll knock your teeth out to make my little bitch's mouth more cushy.&quot; I
    held back tears as I opened my mouth further to accommodate the massive Python.
    For that was what I was going to call it--the Python. But, as I finished
    up on my new Master, I looked up at him, and there were tears in his beautiful
    eyes. &quot;I got to tell you something, Leland, before we go much further...I
    think I have a woman inside me.&quot; 
My mind returned to the present, and now,&nbsp;after I'd hurriedly taken off
  my clothes, Dolly's muscular arm dragged me back up again and I stood before
  her, trembling, my penis thrusting miserably in its Prince Albert loop. &quot;You
  were so hot to have me tease you that you lied and said you had ironed my clothes!&quot; 
&nbsp;Dolly threw me across my desk, taking a thick razor strop out of her
  handbag. I gritted my teeth and closed my eyes, though I knew I'd be in tears
  in just a moment. Could I prove that I wasn't a crybaby? 
WHACK WHACK WHACK! Dolly's muscular arm landed the strop again and again on
  my welted buttocks...she had, after all been a competitive weightlifter as
  well as a&nbsp;Drill Instructor in the Marine Corps for thirteen years. 
&quot;Turn around, queer-boy, let me give it to that pathetic cock of yours!&quot; I
  spun around, eyes shut, and felt the cruel strop whack my pierced cock five
  times until it was shriveled and bleeding, and my Mistress was laughing heartily.
  Then she returned her strap to scarring my shoulders, back,buttocks and thighs. 
I tried so hard not to howl and scream, as my law partners and all the support
  staff were just in the hallway...finally, the whipping was over. 
&nbsp;I'd been trained well not to make noises. Mistress Dolly and before
  her, Master Dolan had &quot;learned&quot; me to be a silent pain pig. Finally,
  I was thrown to my knees. I couldn't stand it any more. 
&quot;Mistress Dolly, would you give me the Python! Please, oh please...I've
  missed it since this morning's worship ma'am! I promise to iron your dresses
  as soon as I get home. but please let me service the Python here on my worthless
  knees in this office, ma'am!&quot; I cringed as such sass might earn me more
  from the strop...but Miss Dolly was smiling! 
Dolly unsnapped her skirt and pulled down her panties. &quot;Now, here's the
  Python...you'd better say you're sorry!&quot; 
&nbsp;I looked straight at Dolly's long, thick, pulsating penis. &quot;See,
  it's a real dick not like your two-inch&nbsp;worm that's pierced up! Pathetic!&quot;&nbsp;Dolly
  sneered, pursing her beautiful lips as she gazed with contempt at my small
  penis, locked in its cruel bow by the Prince Albert piercing. 
&nbsp;So rarely did my poor dick participate in any way or form of a sex life,
  it seemed so unfair. My mouth and my ass were constantly in use by Miss Dolly
  and her many male friends, but my own sexual gratification didn't seem to interest
  her much at all...it was very sad. 
&quot;Open up that clitty of yours&quot; This was how Miss Dolly referred
  to my mouth, alas. 
I opened my mouth and the seven inch long, two inch wide rod was shoved in
  my mouth. 
Dolly's red fingernails scratched my ears as she grabbed my head and began
  skull-fucking me.&quot;You know, I was considering letting you beat off tonight...I
  might have, you begged so hard last night&quot; 
Dolly laughed as she slammed the Python in and out of my quivering lips. Deeper
  and harder&nbsp;the Python was shoved down my throat. I licked the glans of
  the glorious Python, toying now and then with the sensitive area of skin beneath
  the glans on the underside of the glorious weapon. 
&nbsp;I wished I could kiss and bite Miss Dolly's inner thighs a bit as I
  did when performing non-punishment fellation. &quot;Loosen your lips, dirt-bag&quot; Miss
  Dolly moaned as she shoved the Python mightily down my throat some more. &quot;That's
  right. 
I was quite skilled at taking the Python deep into my throat, trying even
  to pull it into my stomach, with no gagging. Miss Dolly had spent many hours
  loosening my throat to open wide by tying me down and gagging me deep with
  cucumbers, dildos and even metal pipes pushed deep into my mouth...for hours.&nbsp;All
  so I could give the Python serious attention! 
&quot;Yeah, I might have let you cum, you selfish pitiful dick wad...But your
  inconsideration in forgetting to iron my dresses, and lying to me about it
  makes me think I shouldn't let&nbsp;your queer-boy ass&nbsp;squirt for another
  six months!&quot;&nbsp;I had had long training in relaxing my throat, swirling
  my tongue around her thick shaft. 
But I knew I had to hold off from allowing her to cum...unless she wanted
  to cum in my mouth! Thrust, thrust thrust. I gasped and choked. &quot;You'll
  learn not to forget to iron Daddy's dresses, eh?&quot; 
&nbsp;Still in the deep voice. I stared up at her as I grasped her siliconed
  buttocks, taking the huge shaft further down my throat. Dolly let go of my
  head and pulled off her crop top, exposing her huge, 44DD breasts, that stood
  up like basketballs. &quot;You paid $20,000 for this boobjob, baby.&quot; Dolly
  said with a smirk, 
&nbsp;Now her feminine voice was back...like a different person.&nbsp;&quot;But
  I'm not going to let you touch my yummies for a month, as punishment for ruining
  my nice time with Jorge.&quot; Tears came out of my eyes as I continued to
  suck Dolly's massive missile. Finally, she pulled her dick out of my mouth. 
&nbsp;&quot;Turn around!&quot;&nbsp;I looked pleadingly at Dolly. &quot;Mistress,
  please don't make me get it from behind. My poor poo-poo is distended as it
  is...please let Lee-Lee suck you off...you know I'm good at it...I'll blow
  you five times if you want, ma'am.&quot; Dolly looked down at me, and became
  enraged. The male voice came with a vengeance &quot;Get on your knees, with
  your butt to me NOW!&quot; 
Sighing, I turned around and pulled up my rear end. Oh God. I felt&nbsp;the
  head of Dolly's penis forcing its way between my cheeks. She pumped hard, laughing. 
&quot;Good thing you were never in prison, sissy-boy, you'd be passed around
  for a carton of Newports many a time. You'd be the head punk of Cellblock H,
  baby! You are sooo easy back there!&quot; Biting my tongue, my eyes filled
  with tears, I said &quot;Thank you, Miss Dolly.&quot; 
Dolly's laugh was brisk. &quot;Yeah, baby...I like sodomizing you more now
  than I did when I was a guy...this is why I won't go all the way and get my
  schlong removed...'cause I want the best of both worlds, you pathetic little
  cretin... 
&quot;Yes Ma'am...sir...ma'am!&quot; 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





