BDSM Library - Mastered By Three




Mastered By Three
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alexia, an 18 year old cheerleader, finds herself in the midst of a special occasion with three of the boys from school.Mastered By Three
One day, after cheer-leading practice, Alexia, 18, was walking to her car.
  Now she was one of the best looking girls on the squad mind you. She stood
  five feet nine inches tall, had long, flowing, red hair (that came down just
  past her ass and she wore in a ponytail), emerald green eyes, a small waist,
  large chest (they were high and firm), she weighed about 135 pounds, her ass
  was round, firm and stuck out just a bit and legs that were long and lean.
  As she crossed the parking lot and reached her car, she was stopped by Anthony,
  18, the best looking black guy in the school. &quot;Hey, girl! Whatcha doin'
  later t'night?&quot;, he asked. She stopped, looked over her shoulder at him
  and said, &quot;Nothing really. Why, Tony?&quot; A sly smile, that made her
  wonder what he was thinking, crept across his face and he said, &quot;Wanna
  get together?&quot; She thought for a moment then replied, &quot;Yeah! Sure!&quot; His
  smile widened as he said, &quot;I'll pick ya up at 7 then.&quot; &quot;Okay.
  See ya then, Tony.&quot;, she said as she got in her car and headed for home. 
As she got ready to go out with Tony, later that night, she couldn't hide
  her excitement. Tony was six feet four inches tall, had a muscular build, he
  weighed around 230 pounds, kept his head shaved clean, had a dark goatee and
  mustache and light caramel colored skin. To Lexi, he was a sight to behold
  and she knew a lot of the other girls at school would die for a chance to go
  out with him. 
Instead of taking a shower, like she normally did for dates, she decided to
  take a bath and shave. She ran the bath water and undressed while the tub filled.
  A soft moan escaped her rosy lips as she stepped into the bath and sunk down
  in the water. She relaxed in the warm water for about 20 minutes then soaped
  up and rinsed off. She took her can of shaving lotion, put a small amount in
  her hand and spread it on her right leg. Then she picked up her razor and shaved
  her leg. She repeated the process on her left leg and under her arms. All of
  the sudden the urge came over her to shave the mound between her legs. So she
  picked up the can one last time, applied a small amount of lotion to her treasure,
  shivered at the cold of it and took her razor to it. She couldn't believe what
  she was doing and had no idea why but she did it anyway. The whole process
  of shaving her mound took about half an hour so she was running short on time.
  She quickly dried off and went to her room to get dressed. 
She normally dressed somewhere between semi-casual and sexy but not this night.
  Tonight it was all about dressing sexy for Tony. She put on a tight, black
  mini-skirt that just barely covered her tight, round ass, a purple crop top
  that left little to the imagination and buttoned down the front and 3 inch,
  black, come fuck me heels. She knew the black set off her milky complexion
  beautifully and the tightness of her top made her 38D's look that much bigger.
  She put on very little make-up, knowing that her natural beauty would be enough,
  and left her hair down for a change. She figured Tony would like seeing it
  down for once instead of pulled back. She only applied a little blush and some
  lipstick, not much darker than the natural pink of her lips. 
Just as she finished getting ready, she heard the doorbell ring. Her heart
  about jumped out of her chest as she hurried to answer the door. When she opened
  the door, she saw Tony standing there. Which didn't surprise her. He was wearing
  tight, blue jeans and a somewhat loose fitting, black t-shirt that was tucked
  in. Lexi glanced over his shoulder and noticed there were two other people
  in the car. She must have looked shocked because he said, &quot;Aw... don't
  worry 'bout them. That's jus' John and Matt. My two best friends.&quot; Relief
  came over her. He smiled seeing the relief on her face and said, &quot;I do
  have a rule or two for you tonight though. Okay?&quot; She was a little weary
  but said, &quot;Um... I suppose it's okay, Tony.&quot; A grin spread across
  his face as he spoke, &quot;Rule number one: For the rest of the night, when
  you talk to John, Matt or myself, you will refer to us as Master. Rule number
  two: When told to do something you will do it without question. Are these rules
  understood?&quot; &quot;Yes&quot;, she said. &quot;Yes? Yes what?&quot; He
  growled and swatted her butt. She swallowed hard, realizing what she did wrong,
  and said, &quot;Yes, Master Tony.&quot; &quot;Much better, girl.&quot;, he
  said with a smile as he reached in his pocket. He pulled out, what looked to
  be, a blindfold and said, &quot;I'm going to put this on you now. By the way,
  you look great tonight. It's nice to see you wearing your hair down for a change.
  I always wondered how it would look out of that ponytail you always wear.&quot; A
  deep blush covered her cheeks as he reached behind her and tied the blindfold
  on and she said, &quot;Thank you, Master Tony. I dressed this way just for
  you.&quot; 
Tony led Lexi out to the car. He opened the passenger side, rear door and
  helped her in. 
&quot;Scoot to the middle of the seat, dear,&quot; he said. She did as told
  without question even though she wanted to ask why. He got in next to her and
  she found herself between him and someone else. &quot;John, Matt, this is Alexia
  or Lexi. Lexi this is John and Matt. Say hello, girl,&quot; Tony said. Lexi
  spoke in an almost whispered voice, &quot;Hello, Master Matt. Hello, Master
  John. Nice to meet you both.&quot; John, who was the other person sitting next
  to her, said, &quot;Ah... I see you've already laid the rules down already,
  Tony. She is a quick learner. I think you made a good choice with this one,
  bro.&quot; &quot;I couldn't agree more,&quot; concurred Matt. Tony laughed
  a little and said, &quot;I kinda thought she would be a good choice. Let's
  get goin' to your place, Matt.&quot; And with that they headed out. 
They drove for what seemed like 30 minutes before stopping. The guys all got
  out first then John, 21, helped Lexi out of the driver side. They all walked
  up the sidewalk. Matt, 24, was leading her. &quot;Watch out for the steps here,
  Lexi. There are two of them,&quot; Matt told her. She heard Matt pull his keys
  out of his pocket and slip one in the lock on the door. Then she heard the
  door open. Matt led her into the house and Tony and John followed closely behind.
  John gave her bottom a light swat after they were all inside that made her
  jump just a little and he said, &quot;Damn, she has a nice, firm ass, bro.&quot; Just
  then she felt two more swats that made her jump, one from Tony and the other
  from Matt. At the same time, they both said, &quot;Nice. This is gonna be fun.&quot; 
Matt led her through the house. She heard a door open and then Matt removed
  the blindfold. She blinked a couple of times to get used to the light. Before
  her was a doorway and a flight of stairs leading to the basement. She was fairly
  nervous at this point and didn't know what to expect to find at the bottom
  of the stairs. Matt said, &quot;Wait here with Tony and John while I go down
  and turn on the lights, girl.&quot; She responded with the only thing she felt
  she could, &quot;Yes, Master Matt.&quot; He disappeared down the stairs. He
  wasn't down there very long before she saw the light from the side of the stairs. &quot;Okay,
  go on down, Lexi,&quot; Tony said. She nervously began her descent down the
  stairs. Tony and John followed her closely behind. 
When she reached the bottom of the stairs and looked around her nervousness
  deepened. Tony could tell that she was nervous as she was trembling. He walked
  up behind her and started to rub her shoulders saying, &quot;Baby, relax. I
  have a feeling you are gonna enjoy this very much.&quot; She began to relax
  a little from hearing his words and feeling his touch. She just couldn't imagine
  how these things she was seeing would be enjoyable. On one wall hung whips,
  floggers, crops and paddles all of various length, shape and size. On the opposite
  side of the room was a set of, what looked to be, shackles, hanging from the
  ceiling about 6 feet from the wall on a pulley so the height could be adjusted.
  There was a mattress and box spring in the middle of the room on the floor
  with a thick, wooden post coming out of the floor at each corner. Attached
  to each post was a chain with shackles at the end of them. About 8 or 9 feet
  to the right of the mattress was a very large trunk against the wall. She could
  only imagine what was in it. Matt smiled saying, &quot;Welcome to my playroom,
  Lexi.&quot; Once again, she said the only thing she felt was appropriate, &quot;Thank
  you, Master 
Matt.&quot; 
As John and Matt stepped to the shackles hanging from the ceiling, she got
  her first good look at them. John was six feet even, about 200 pounds, he had
  shoulder length, light brown hair, light green eyes, a light tan and nice build.
  Matt was six feet six inches tall with the brightest blue eyes she had ever
  seen, he weighed about 250 pounds, he had short, red hair, a nice build like
  Tony and John and skin as light as her own. Tony whispered in her ear, &quot;I
  want you to get undressed now, girl. Then join John and Matt over there.&quot; She
  blushed deeply but said, &quot;Yes, Master Tony.&quot; She could feel them
  watching her as she got undressed. At this point she was wishing that she had
  worn panties and a bra. Once she was undressed, Tony took her by the hand and
  led her to Matt and John. 
She couldn't believe she was now standing in front of the shackles and three
  guys with nothing on. And the way her body was responding to the possibility
  of being shackled was a shock to her. Her pale, pink nipples were getting hard
  and her pussy was getting damp. Matt reached out and grasped her left nipple
  between his forefinger and thumb and pinched it hard. She gasped as the pain
  rushed through her nipple. Then she moaned softly as the pain surprisingly
  turned to pleasure and her nipple got harder. Matt smiled happily as he saw
  and heard Lexi's reaction to what he was doing and said, &quot;Oh! This pleases
  me very much!&quot; John and Tony just smiled and nodded happily. She could
  tell they were all three pleased with her response. Matt released her nipple
  and said, &quot;Step over here and raise your hands above your head.&quot; She
  did as told saying, &quot;Yes, Master Matt.&quot; She felt the shackles slip
  around each wrist then lock in place. Matt pulled the pulley on the shackles
  so that her feet were barely touching the floor. John walked to the trunk and
  opened it. He looked 
around in it for a moment then pulled out something she had never seen before.
  It was a steel bar that looked to be about 3 feet in length with buckled, leather
  cuffs on each end. He walked back to her and told her to spread her legs. Once
  again, she did as told saying, &quot;Yes, Master John.&quot; He strapped the
  cuffs on her ankles. She was now vulnerable to anything they wanted to do to
  her. 
All three of them walk directly across the room. Her eyes widened as she saw
  that they were each picking out a flogger. John choose a deep purple one with
  about 15 or 20 strands on the end of it. Matt choose a black one with about
  the same amount of stands but at the end of each was a silver tip. Tony choose
  a bright blue one with about 25 or 30 strands on it. They all walks back to
  her. Matt stood behind her, John to her right and Tony to her left. One at
  a time, they struck her with the floggers. First John. The flogger fell across
  her right breast and left a beautiful red welt that caused her to moan softly
  once more at the pain and pleasure it caused. Then Tony. The flogger fell across
  her left breast now, leaving another beautiful red welt. Another moan escaped
  her pink lips as her desire began to burn deep within her. And lastly, Matt.
  The flogger fell across her back. This one hit harder than the others because
  of the studs. She jumped as she felt it hit her back and screamed from the
  pain. &quot;Ah... Ah... Ah... we'll have none of that, girl,&quot; said Matt
  as he leaned close to her ear. She whimpered and said, &quot;Yes, Master Matt.
  Please, forgive me.&quot; &quot;Forgiven this time, Lexi. But next time you
  WILL be punished,&quot; he said. They began to strike her again. This time
  Tony was first. The flogger hit across her left breast harder than the last
  time. She could feel her pussy getting wetter as the pain and pleasure coursed
  though her. Next John hit again. Once again, the flogger hit harder than the
  last time, striking across her right breast. Her nipples were harder than she
  could remember them ever being. Then it was Matt's turn again. She prayed that
  he wouldn't hit any harder but the prayer must have fallen on deaf ears as
  the flogger came down with more force than before. It struck across her back.
  She seemed to feel each of the studs hitting her back. She jumped and began
  to tremble hard. Tears started to form in her eyes but she couldn't help but
  want more. Her pussy began to throb. Her juices were flowing out of her and
  down her parted thighs. John leaned in to her ear and whispered, &quot;No matter
  how much you are enjoying this you can NOT cum until you are given permission.
  Is that understood?&quot; She shivered as she felt his breath across her ear,
  hot and heavy, and said, &quot;Yes, Master John.&quot; One by one they each
  struck her again. First Matt, then John and then Tony. She was enjoying every
  minute of it but didn't know if she could hold back her orgasm. She felt herself
  getting close as they each struck out again. This time, when Matt hit her he
  made sure it got her between the legs. The tears began to fall down her soft
  cheeks. She jumped each time they were striking now. One after the other. Taking
  turns with who hit her first. Harder and harder with each passing turn. She
  felt the need to explode, to be allowed to cum. She began to do the only thing
  that she could think of to be allowed release, she begged, &quot;Please, Masters!!!
  Please let me cum!!! Please!!! I know that you three are the only ones that
  can allow me release now!!! My desire to cum is greater than I can handle!!!
  Please let me cum, Masters!!!&quot; They all three laughed at her. She couldn't
  understand why they were laughing at her but she continued beg, &quot;Please,
  Masters!!! I need release, Masters!!! Please let me cum!!! Please allow me
  to show you the passion I'm feeling inside of me!!! Please, Masters!!! Please!!!&quot; In
  unison they all said, &quot;You may cum NOW, slave.&quot; She shuddered as
  she heard them use the word slave to her but couldn't hold back any longer.
  The feeling rushed through her and her body shook hard within her restraints
  as her pussy throbbed harder and faster than it ever had and she came. Her
  breath was ragged and her heart was racing wildly as continued to cum harder
  than ever before. Finally, her body went limp only held up by the shackles
  on her wrists. 
The three of them walked up to her. She could barely see them through her
  tears as she lifted her head. John reached up and gently started to massage
  her right breast and admiring the welts left by the flogger. Tony did the same.
  Matt started caressing her back. He rubbed down her back. Every now and then
  he would push deeply into one of the welts causing her to jump a bit. She couldn't
  believe the pleasure she got from the pain. Matt leaned close to her ear and
  whispered, &quot;You did very well, girl.&quot; He voice was hot on her ear
  and caused her to blush deeply. She shivered as she felt His breath on her
  ear. &quot;I only did what I felt was right, Master Matt, but thank you,&quot; she
  said. Tony started undoing the cuffs off her legs. As Tony did this Matt and
  John took the shackles off her wrists. 
Once she was free from the bar and shackles John told her, &quot;Now go and
  lay on the mattress, lil one.&quot; She replied, &quot;Yes, Master John. As
  you wish.&quot; She walked to the mattress. Her legs were barely able to hold
  her weight as she moved. She laid on the mattress and automatically spread
  her legs and arms apart assuming they were going to shackle her there. She
  was right. They walked over and shackled her to the posts at the corners of
  the bed. She had no idea what to expect yet. She was nervous and excited at
  the same time. She watched as they all three got undressed. While Tony went
  to the trunk and looked inside it for something, John stepped up to the mattress
  at her head. He was standing there for only a minute when he kneeled down so
  that his hardness was over her face. Matt got on the mattress and straddled
  her chest. After finding what he was looking for in the trunk, Tony was next
  to get on the mattress and he slipped between her legs. He was carrying a large
  dildo. It was about nine inches long and approximately two or two and a half
  inches around. They all held their position long enough for her to see what
  each one's cock looked like. John was about seven and a half inches long and
  two inches around, Matt was about ten inches long and two and a half inches
  around and Tony looked to be about thirteen inches long and three inches around.
  She was trembling at the very thought of Tony's shaft pressing in to her pussy.
  Just as she started to calm down a bit John pressed his manhood against her
  lip and said, &quot;Open your mouth, Lexi.&quot; She did as told. He pressed
  in to her mouth. All seven and a half inches filled her mouth. Her mouth was
  hot and wet around him. He moaned a little as she began to suck him. Matt reached
  down to her sides and pressed her ample chest around his manhood and Tony began
  to glide the dildo over her pussy getting it nice and wet with her juices then
  slid it down to her tight asshole. He pushed the dildo slowly into her ass
  and she gasped from the pain of her virgin ass being stretched open. He continued
  to push until it was buried deep in her. He stroked it a couple of times the
  moved so that He cock was positioned right at her dripping pussy. He entered
  her slowly but it still hurt her some. She moaned as she suckled John's cock.
  He was rock hard in her mouth. She began to whimper as Tony pressed deeper
  in to her. She felt like he was going to split her wide open. Tears began to
  fill her eyes again. She was feeling overwhelmed by the attention she was getting.
  Nothing like this had ever happened to her before. John was throbbing in her
  mouth as she continued to suck him harder and faster now. Matt was sliding
  between her breasts, back and forth. Tony finally got all of his cock pressed
  deep inside her and started to fuck her hard and deep. The tears were now streaking
  down the sides her face. Her emerald eyes were alight with the fire she felt
  deep inside her and her body was aching with desire and need. Every time Tony
  would push deep into her she would moan louder and louder. Her ass and pussy
  were throbbing from feeling so full. She felt John's body tense up. She knew
  he was close to cumming. Matt tensed up at the same time. She couldn't stop
  the tears from falling no matter how hard she tried. She felt herself nearing
  another climax too and knew she couldn't beg while John was in her mouth. Her
  mind was racing wondering what she was going to do this time. Tony began to
  throb inside her. Her hips were rocking to meet every thrust of him going deeply
  inside her. All of the sudden they all three began to cum at the same time.
  John's seed filled her mouth and she swallowed every every drop, Matt's seed
  sprayed onto her chin and breasts and Tony's filled the walls of her pussy.
  Tony continued to thrust deeper and harder into her and said, &quot;You may
  cum NOW, slave.&quot; Once again, she was shocked that he was using the word
  slave with her but she didn't care at that point. Her body tensed and the feeling
  flooded over her as she was allowed release. She moaned lustfully with John
  in her mouth. She began to shake hard again as she came. She couldn't believe
  the pleasure she was getting from being treated like this. From being called
  slave and the pleasure she got from the flogging earlier. John pulled out of
  her mouth and laid on the mattress to her left, Matt got off her and laid to
  her right and Tony slumped over on top of her. 
They all laid there for quite a while before anything was said. Then Matt
  said, &quot;You have pleased us very much tonight, Lexi. I think we are going
  to keep you for a while, girl. Would that make you happy?&quot; She was shocked
  with the answer as she blurted out, &quot;Very much, Master Matt.&quot; They
  all smiled to each other. Matt got off the bed and went upstairs. He was gone
  for about 10 or 15 minutes then her returned. &quot;Sit up, slave,&quot; he
  said. She sat up wondering what was going on. He pulled out a choker, silver
  chain mail with three letters in the center of it JMT, and placed it around
  her neck saying, &quot;You are to wear this at all times, girl. You will never
  take it off. This marks you as our property. This means that we may use you
  anytime we see fit and however we want. Is this completely clear, my girl?&quot; She
  replied, &quot;Yes, Master Matt.&quot; He smiled brightly at the other two
  and said, &quot;I think she will make us a very good slave. She is very willing
  to please.&quot; John and Tony nodded in agreement. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Roxanne Lange


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





