BDSM Library - His Sex Slave---Part 1




His Sex Slave---Part 1
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 



 Converted from "His Sexslave.txt" on 22-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



His Sex Slave-Part one

Marcie met Hans at a party. It was a very hot summer in the middle of
August. After he stared at her tits for about ten minutes, he came over and
introduced himself. Marcie noticed he had big strong hands and thick
fingers. She wondered whether it was true about men with big hands and big
cocks.

They conversed amicably. One thing led to another and she left the party
with him.

He drove her in his Porsche out to a neighborhood she didn't recognize. Most
of the houses were set back off the road behind high gates. Sure enough Hans
stopped his vehicle in front of two white gates, which opened automatically
when he gave a signal from the car. The car followed a long winding driveway
before it arrived at the front door of a split level house.

But the only thing on Marcie's mind was getting laid by this big handsome
man. She really didn't care about his house. She wanted his cock. Her pussy
was already wet in anticipation.

"You're awfully quiet," Hans said as he led her into the house.


"I'm just thinking about how much fun we're going to have tonight and how I
can't wait to get started."

Inside the house everything was quiet. "Do you live alone?" She whispered,
hoping not to disturb anybody else who happened to be there.

"No, my sister lives here too, but I'm sure she's sleeping."

Marcie followed Hans up a staircase to the second floor and into his
bedroom. It was dark but Marcie could see the walls were red velvet and the
thick carpet was even darker red.

Hans took her by the hand and led her toward a sliding glass door and
ushered her outside. The full moon above gave them plenty of light. Hans
then held her tightly against him and she could feel his rock hard bulge.
She smiled.

He moved his hands between them and began to massage her bountiful breasts.
He then ordered her to take off her dress. "Here?" Marcie asked with a
surprised tone. "Out here on the terrace?"

Hans' strong resonate voice cracked. "Yes! Now!" It was a voice who was used
to being obeyed.

Marcie was no stranger to outdoor sex. She'd been fucked on the beach
before, but this was different, yet somehow the idea made her hot. Marcie
began to lift her dress. She wasn't wearing anything underneath except a
pair of thong panties and a half bra.

Hans smiled and when Marcie unhooked her bra to let her big breasts fall out
as his smile got wider. Then she wriggled out of her panties and Hans saw
first hand that she was a natural blonde.


He couldn't take his eyes off of her boobs and her little nipples were as
erect as erasers. Marcie was hot as hell. She wanted his cock...and now!

"You want this, don't you, you fucking whore!?" His words made Marcie
hotter. "You want to wrap your legs around me so I can stick my shaft up
your cunt!"

She frowned. His tone frightened her. "Gee Hans, all I want is to get laid.
What's the problem?"

"You're gonna get laid," Hans said. "But you need some lessons first!"

Marcie started to get a bit nervous.

He spoke authoritatively. "Lesson number one. You don't do anything until I
tell you to do it, understand?"

"Yes Hans," she replied meekly.


"Now get on your knees!"

The concrete felt hard and cold on her knees.

He grabbed her hand and held it against his crotch. "Open it!" he commanded.
She struggled to open the zipper, but managed to release his throbbing rod.
She stared at his hard cock.

"Suck it you slut!" he ordered.

Marcie obediently responded and opened her mouth.

"Is it too big for you?" he asked, needling her. He didn't wait for an
answer. He rammed his tool into her mouth right to the balls. Marcie almost
choked. His balls swayed under her chin. "Suck it bitch!" he snarled.

She began moving her lips up and down his powerful shaft in passionate
rhythm. But suddenly Hans pulled out. She was confused. She was willing to
suck his cock.

He stood over and began to strip his clothes off. Soon Hans was naked. He
made her walk on her knees over to the chaise lounge. He made her lie on her
back. Then he tied her hands to the metal rod at the head of the lounge
which forced Marcie's arms down behind her.

Then he looked down at her. "Tell me what you want slut!"

"I want your cock up my cunt!" she screamed. He knelt between her splayed
legs and slid his hard cock into her dripping hot pussy. She felt his balls
slap hard against her as his cock hit home.

"You want it, don't you cunt!?" he sneered.

"Yes, yes. Give it to me!.Fuck me hard!"

Marcie loved the satisfaction of having her cunt fully jammed. She moaned as
Hans pumped away. Her body began to move in rhythm with his manly thrusts.
Soon they were dripping and slippery with sweat but they kept pounding and
pumping when suddenly Hans shot great gobs of white creamy jism into
Marcie's throbbing cunt. She felt his hot cum shoot deep and her pussy
convulsed as she came hard.

After a few minutes of regaining their composure, Hans freed Marcie's wrists
and helped her to her feet, but her legs were like jelly after that wild
fuck and she could hardly stand.

He led her slowly back to the bedroom and she spied the enormous king size
bed in the middle of the room. Their was a mirror on the ceiling.

She took the time to get a really good look at Hans. She already knew about
his hands and cock but now she noticed his powerful build, with a broad
hairy chest. She was hooked. From somewhere in her being the following words
were forced from her lips: "Hans, I want to be your sex slave!"

Hans' face lit up. "I knew the minute I saw you Marcie, that you were more
than a great pair of tits." He also knew that she was more than just a great
fuck.

He reached over and picked up a riding crop hanging by the side of the bed.
He fingered it as he leered at her. "You want to be my sex slave, let's test
you."

"What do you want?" she asked excitedly.

"Turn over," he ordered as he tapped the crop against his palm. When she
didn't make a move, he grabbed her by her long blonde hair and twisted it
tightly, forcing her to face him. "If you want to be my sex slave bitch,
you've got to learn to behave and do what I tell you. Now turn over!"

Immediately, Marcie turned on her belly on the bed. Without hesitating, Hans
began to smack her nether globes hard with the crop. They went from pale
pink to bright red as Marcie's shrieks of agony filled the room.

Then he ordered her off the bed and on her knees on the shag rug. He picked
up the black silk stocking she had discarded. "Put your hands behind your
back slave!" he ordered. Marcie obeyed and felt the soft but strong material
circle her wrists. A sense of fear crept over her.

"I don't think this such a good idea," she whispered.

"You mean you were lying when you said you wanted to be my sex slave?" he
demanded.

"Not exactly," she replied in a soft tone.

"I clearly heard you say it and you are my slave now."

Hans stood back and admired his new slave as she knelt on the floor with her
forehead touching the rug. Her hands were behind and her pale white bottom
was in the air.

Hans moved behind her, reached under her and stroked her cunt. She was once
again dripping wet. He soaked his fingers with her pussy juice. He pulled
his hand away and began to insert a dripping wet finger up her anus. As it
moved inside Marcie squealed with surprise and delight. His thick finger
worked its way slowly up the tight corridor of her rear entry. Marcie's
moans of pleasure encouraged him. Soon his entire middle finger had made its
way up and the lady groaned with pleasure as she responded with enthusiasm.

Suddenly, he pulled his finger out and once again reached for her pussy. He
soaked his fingers with her juice again. Then he lubricated her anus. "You
want it now, don't you Marcie? I'm gonna fuck your tight ass good."

Marcie whimpered as she felt him grip the white mounds of her sexy ass. She
moaned as she felt his hot naked shaft enter her. Marcie screamed as he
moved his mighty tool slowly but steadily into her pink anus until she could
feel his balls slap against her butt cheeks.

Then the pain subsided and she started to get into it. "Oh yes! Fuck my ass
Hans! She blurted. Her voice urged him on as he plunged deeper. His hot
poker then began corkscrewing her asshole. She gasped and moaned as the head
of Hans' giant cock probed its way up her rear canal.

Hans held her tightly and Marcie never dreamed her ass could take so much
cock. And she never dreamed she'd be enjoying it this much.

Then Hans moved his hands to her mammoth breasts while still fucking her
asshole. His fingers found the sensitive nipples and squeezed. "Ow! That
hurts!" she said as she screamed from the new sensation of pain.

"Great tits!" he gasped. The two sensations at the same time were almost
more than she could stand. But Hans wasn't finished. He moved his nimble
fingers away from her throbbing nipples and down her soft belly to find her
clitoris.

His fingers found her pink joy button and began to toy with it. Marcie was
totally at his mercy, moaning and thrashing about in ecstacy.

Then he squirted his hot semen up her asshole as she came in a thunderous
orgasm.

"You're a hot bitch!" He panted as he laid on the floor and watched her.

A few minutes later he rose, untied her wrists and allowed her to stand.
"Come Marcie, it's time for bed."

Marcie obediently followed him. She knew she wasn't going anywhere else
tonight.

With a little more training she could be a great sex slave, he thought.

To Be Continued...









 Converted from "His Sex Slave-Part 2.txt" on 22-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



His Sex Slave-Part 2

Marcie awoke the next morning a new woman. Her eyelids were still closed,
but the events of the previous night were still fresh in her brain.

She knew she had done the right thing when she agreed to leave the party
with the tall blonde haired hunk of a man. She recalled pleasantly the first
time she saw him standing across the room. Her nipples hardened and her
pussy moistened. Thoughts of uninhibited sex danced through her brain.

As it turned out, those thoughts became reality. The way he took charge
overwhelmed her. The way he forced her to strip out on the balcony under the
moon and the stars; the way he forced her to suck his cock; the way he
forcibly fucked her while she was spreadeagled to the chaise lounge, the way
he invaded her asshole. She agreed to become Hans' sex slave.

All of these events from the previous night crowded her brain as she laid
there.

She was however, a bit uncomfortable since she'd been tied wrists and ankles
to the bedposts all night, face up. She wanted to roll to her side but she
couldn't. Her body stirred and she thought she'd heard movement in the room.
Smiling, hoping to see her handsome Master, she popped her eyes open. To her
astonishment, what she saw was the brown eyes of a woman looking down at
her. Like Marcie, the woman had blonde hair but it was cropped short. Her
heart shaped face seemed to tower over the bed. Marcie recognized the
similarity in the facial features between this woman and Hans and she
recalled that he'd mentioned that his sister lived with him. Marcie also
recalled him saying how he shared everything with her.

Hans' tied up blonde sex-slave suddenly became aware that this strange woman
was getting a free look at Marcie's nakedness. She'd never been with a woman
sexually before, although the idea had intrigued her. Certainly, if this
woman wanted to take advantage of her right then, there wasn't a thing she
could do about it except scream, which probably wouldn't have done her much
good.

"Where's Hans?" Marcie asked calmly.

The tall woman replied succinctly. "Hans is a dentist. He's gone to his
office."

Realizing that she was alone in this vast house with this strange woman
unnerved her a bit, yet Marcie tried to remain calm . "Oh really?"

"Yes, Hans will not be back home until around 5:30."

Marcie was lost for words, after all it was early in the morning.

Then the woman spoke again with a slight smile. "By the way, my name's
Hilda, Hans' sister."

"Oh yes, Hans mentioned you."

Hilda's smile widened. "Yes I heard you two come in last night."


"Oh gee, I'm sorry to have disturbed you."

"Don't worry about that. I was watching Letterman in my room."

"We tried to be quiet, really we did."

"Oh I know...By the way Hans was quite right about you, you're very lovely,"
Hilda said as she boldly looked directly at Marcie's twin globes.

Again Marcie was speechless.

"Thirty-six C?" Hilda inquired with a leer.

"D."

"Wow, much better than these 32B's," Hilda asserted as she unbuttoned her
dressing gown in front to show Marcie her naked breasts. It was more
information than Marcie cared to hear, but she searched her brain for a
complimentary response.

"They look firm," the trussed up blonde said in a happy tone.


"Your being kind and that's sweet," Hilda replied softly as she leaned over
and placed her hands on Marcie's breasts. "But these," she cooed softly,
"are delectable." She slowly began massaging those spongy globes, paying
particular attention to the nipples which hardened from the sensuous touch.

Marcie's face reddened as she looked wonderingly at the pretty face of Hans'
sister, who had made no effort to free her from her bondage.

"And your pussy's trimmed. I like that. I think bald pussies are
detestable!" The tall blonde forwardly reached between Marcie's splayed legs
and tickled her most private part. Marcie was appalled at the way this utter
stranger was talking about her body and feeling her up. Yet, there was
something stirringly exciting about it and she protested not. Hilda's
assessment of Marcie's body continued.

"And look at these supple thighs. Ooh, Hans has a good eye for women." She
said as she ran her hands up and down Marcie's smooth gams.

Marcie had little choice but to accept this shameless treatment because she
didn't want to offend her Master's sister.

"I think you like this, don't you Marcie?" Hilda asked with a leer.

Marcie's face reddened even further and she gulped. "Yes,"she whispered in a
husky voice which was partially the truth.

"Oh good," Hilda exclaimed as she proceeded to climb on the bed. This action
caused the hem of the tall woman's dressing gown to ride way up, which gave
Marcie a free look at her blonde pussy. The spreadeagled blonde suspected
that the other woman was naked underneath and this just confirmed it as
Hilda straddled her middle while looking down at her.

Then Hilda leaned over Marcie's naked body, which caused the sitting woman's
bodice to fall in front giving Marcie another look at her dangling boobs.
"Ever had another woman suck your tits before?"

The blonde sex-slave responded quickly, "No."

Then she felt the other woman's breath on her left nipple. A split second
later she felt the soft wet lips around her hard little nub. The feeling was
electric. She threw her head back and closed her eyes. Then she felt her
tongue on her nipple. The shooting sensation soared. She actually felt
disappointed when the mouth around her nipple was taken away. But then the
same process was done to her right nipple. "Oh Yes!"

Then Hilda began licking her way down Marcie's soft body, between her
breasts, over the flat tummy to her naval, which had the buxom blonde
gasping. When the tall blonde reached the other woman's mound, she detoured
around the pussy and began licking her thighs, down one and back up the
other.

"Mmmm, Marcie you taste so good!"

By then Hilda had reached the trussed up woman's open juncture. "Ever had
another woman go down on you before?"

"No!" she replied in a voice that pleaded for the other woman to continue.

"Hans was so thoughtful to have left you for me," Hilda said as she plunged
her face into Marcie's crotch. She licked around the sensitive pussy lips
which drew a loud gasp. The gasp rose even louder when Hilda inserted her
tongue and located the clit. Again, Marcie threw her head back in the throes
of ecstacy as Hilda lapped that most sensitive little button over and over.

"OH YES!" She shrieked.

Then just that quick, it all stopped. Wickedly, Hilda removed her tongue
from Marcie's pussy and sat back on top of the spreadeagled sex slave.
Hilda's whole demeanor changed. "You didn't think I was gonna let you cum,
did you?" She said with a snarl as she looked daggers at the frustrated
young woman.

Marcie didn't know what to say. One minute she was in absolute heaven, now
this.

"Let's get something straight! You became Hans' sex slave, isn't that
right?"

"Yes," Marcie conceded with a frown.

Suddenly and without warning, the tall blonde reached up and slapped her
right across the face. Then she took a firm hold of her chin, holding it
still. "From now on bitch, you will address me as `Mistress'. Is that
understood?"

Marcie was forced to look into the other woman's eyes. "Yes Mistress," she
answered meekly with a very confused look on her face.

"Very good!" she snapped as released her firm grip on her chin. Then she
continued her tirade. "Since Hans and I share everything, you are now my
sex-slave as well!"

Marcie just looked, "Yes Mistress."

"And furthermore, you are here for my pleasure, not yours!"

"Yes Mistress."

Hilda then drew the dressing gown straight over head and off, revealing her
lean naked body to her lady in bondage. Marcie could do nothing as Hilda
then lowered her breasts toward the slave's face.

"Ever sucked another woman's tits before slave?"

"No Mistress!" she spoke just before the nipple was forced onto her soft
mouth.

"Open your mouth bitch!" Hilda ordered. Marcie was coerced to accept the
other woman's eraser like nub into her mouth. "That's it, suck that nipple,
slave!"

Actually Marcie found it rather exciting so she sucked hard. "Yes! That's
it!" Hilda exclaimed as she replaced one nipple with the other. Then she
ordered Marcie to open up wide and proceeded to jam her whole breast into
her mouth. "Lick that nipple!" She commanded as she gasped from the
pleasure. After Marcie was compelled to suck each breast and lick each
nipple, Hilda sat straight up again.

"That was good slave. Now let's see how good you are sucking pussy!" The
leggy blonde inched her crotch up Marcie's body so her soaked pussy was
right over the supine woman's face. "Ever got a close up of another woman's
pussy before slave?"

"No Mistress."

"Smell it bitch!" She jammed her hairy juncture right down on Marcie's nose.
The blonde's face was completely covered by Hilda's crotch. The dominant
woman grabbed a lock of the slave's hair and held her head steady. "Get a
good whiff!" she sneered as she smothered the other woman with her pussy.

Then she moved back slightly and jammed her hairy wet pussy down on Marcie's
mouth. "Eat my pussy, cunt!" Hilda snarled. " Get that tongue in there!"


Marcie slurped and sucked the other woman's pussy. "Oh yeah!" Hilda shrieked
as she brought her own hands up to her lemon sized breasts and squeezed as
she bounced up and down on the other woman's mouth. "That's it!. YES!"

It wasn't long before the mouth riding dominatrix came. Her breathing became
labored as she went over the edge and she fell backwards onto her back
between Marcie's splayed legs.

The long legged Hilda laid there for five minutes, relishing in the
aftermath. She then rose again, leaned over Marcie and smiled wide. "You did
well for the first time."

A wide smile appeared on Marcie's face, because she enjoyed it as well. Then
she saw Hilda bring her lips down closer and closer to her own lips. She
didn't turn her head away as the tall blonde pressed her full soft lips onto
Marcie's. Both women reveled and Marcie gladly opened her mouth to accept
Hilda's tongue which forged its way into her mouth.

Then Hilda broke the kiss and beamed into Marcie's eyes. "You wanna be my
sex slave too, don't you?" She asked softly.

Marcie's eyes lit up. "Yes Mistress."

Then Hilda's voice became stern again. "Very well then, you will do exactly
as I say slave!" she snarled as she pinched a nipple. Marcie's face screwed
up and she yelped. "And you will only be allowed to cum when I say so! Is
that clear?!" She mouthed while giving the sensitive nub another pinch.

"AHH! Yes Mistress!" was the forced response.

"And I will take pleasure from your body whenever I want it!"


"OW! YES MISTRESS!"

**

Finally, Hilda, Hans dominant sister, untied the grateful Marcie from her
spreadeagled position on the big bed. The tall blonde cuffed the other
woman's hands behind her, put a collar around her slave's neck and attached
a leash. She then tugged on the leash and forced the other blonde, whose
hair was considerably longer than Hilda's to follow her down the carpeted
stairs to the main level of the house.

They were both still naked but it didn't matter. Nobody else was there. They
could walk around naked all day if they wanted..

Hilda smiled at Marcie. "You want some real breakfast?"

"Yes Mistress," said the sex-slave with a smile.

"It's such a sunny morning. Why don't we go out on the patio? The high fence
makes it virtually impossible for someone to gawk at us."

Marcie wanted to please her. "Yes Mistress, that would be grand."

The bright sunlight shone down upon their naked bodies as Hilda led her
slave outside toward the patio, which had a round white table with an
umbrella in the center and four white metal chairs with orange padded seats
around it. Hilda had Marcie sit in a chair. The sun felt great on her body
and she gladly accepted the invitation.

Then Hilda unexpectedly pulled out some rope and tied each of Marcie's
wrists to each arm of the metal straight backed chair. She then pulled the
chair out slightly so Marcie was sitting facing away from the table. Hilda
then stood in front of her and pulled Marcie's right leg up and tied it to
the right arm of the chair. She did the same with Marcie's left leg. This
position, which was not all that uncomfortable, left Marcie's pussy wide
open.

Hilda then leaned down and kissed her slave full on the mouth. Then she
broke the kiss and reached down to caress Marcie's breasts. "It's time for
our breakfast. I'm going inside to get it, but I want your pussy filled with
pussy juice."

"Yes Mistress," a bewildered Marcie replied.

Two minutes later Hilda brought a large bowl of fruit. There were grapes,
strawberries and a bananas. She set it down on the table and smiled at her
slave.

"Ready for breakfast?" the tall blonde woman asked with a leer.

Marcie wondered but replied sweetly, "Yes Mistress."


Hilda drew a chair over to where Marcie was pointed and sat. She reached
into the bowl of fruit and picked up a strawberry. Then with the other hand
she dipped a finger into Marcie's gaping pussy. She was testing for pussy
juice and when she got her finger wet, she exclaimed, "Ah good!"

She held onto one end of the piece of red fruit and dipped the other end
into Marcie's pussy. "Nothing like strawberries and pussy juice!" She
boasted as she held the soaked end of the berry to Marcie's mouth. "Open
up."

Her sex slave took a bite, tasting her own pussy juice along with the sweet
flavor of the strawberry. "Isn't that good?" Hilda beamed.

Marcie had never tasted her own pussy juice before and it repulsed her at
first. Hilda noticed her slave's frown and admonished her. "Come on, you'll
get used to it."

Then Hilda took a bite after dipping the berry into Marcie's pussy.
"Mmmmm...good!"

Then she leaned over and began sucking on one of Marcie's nipples. "We need
to make a sure you have plenty of pussy juice," Hilda announced as she
sucked one nipple then the other.

Then she dipped another red berry into Marcie's yawning pussy and forced her
to eat it. Marcie screwed up her face but she obeyed.

"That's it."

Then Hilda dunked another strawberry twice, once on each end. She forced one
end into Marcie's mouth, then she put the other end in her own mouth. They
each chewed toward the center of the large berry until their lips met. Their
tongues did another tango as the kiss lasted for a minute.


Hilda then broke the kiss and continued feeding the pussy soaked
strawberries to her sex slave until they were gone. "Good girl!" Hilda
complimented.

Then she picked up the banana, and pointed it toward Marcie's pussy. "Ever
been fucked by a banana, slave?"

Marcie looked at the yellow piece of fruit which still had its peel on. "No
Mistress."

Hilda reached in and spread Marcie's pussy lips. "You've experienced a lot
of firsts this morning, my little slave."

"Yes Mistress."

Hilda then began forcing the rigid piece of fruit into Marcie's cunt. The
slave was so wet that it entered easily. Steadily, the dominant blonde
pushed the six inches all the way in, then she drew it back, then shoved it
in hard. Marcie's cunt muscles enclosed on it. Then Hilda began fucking her
slowly but steadily until she was about to come.

Then cruelly she pulled it out. Marcie's eyes pleaded, but it was not to be.

The short cropped blonde merely smiled sadistically. "Not yet!" Those cruel
words penetrated Marcie's brain and she wanted to cry.

Then she yelped. Hilda had gripped one of her nipples and pinched hard.
Marcie grimaced. Hilda spoke, "Remember bitch, you're here for MY pleasure!"

Hilda removed the banana from Marcie's pussy, pealed it and dipped the
fruity end into her dripping honey pot. Hilda took a bite. "Mmmmm...good
pussy juice!" She said huskily.


"Here, have another bite." Once again Hilda dipped the banana end into
Marcie's pussy and forced her slave to take a bite. "Tasty huh?" Hilda asked
with raised eyebrows.

"Yes Mistress," Marcie replied evenly.

Tiring of this, Hilda then crammed the rest of the banana into her own mouth
and ate it.

"Now as I said, you are here for MY pleasure."

"Yes Mistress."

Hilda untied Marcie from the patio chair but retied her wrists behind her
back and forced her to kneel in front of her chair. Hilda then sat and
spread her own legs wide giving Marcie an unobstructed view of her pussy.
She picked up the bowl of grapes and broke off one of the round purplish
pieces of fruit. To Marcie's amazement, she reached between her spread legs
and inserted it into her own pussy. She then grabbed her slave by the hair
and forced her mouth toward her crotch.

"Suck it out!" was the terse order.

This was definitely something new, she thought as she neared her lips to
Hilda's pussy. Hilda's strong grip of her hair held her head in place and
she opened her mouth, tongued open the other woman's pussy lips and sucked
out the grape, which was sopping with pussy juice. The two distinctive
flavors clashed with her taste buds as she swallowed.

"Good slave. Here's two this time." Hilda inserted two of the juicy fruits
into her love canal. Once again Marcie's face was shoved with a firm grip of
her hair into the tall woman's crotch and she sucked out the two grapes.
Hilda was having a blast. Each time she shoved her slave's face to her pussy
to retrieve another inserted grape or two she felt an exquisite amount of
pleasure. When Marcie had sucked out the last grape, Hilda held her face
their by her hair and for the second time that morning, Marcie sucked the
other woman to a thunderous orgasm.

Hilda then kissed Marcie hard on the lips, then looked into the kneeling
slave's eyes. "Oh I'm so glad Hans found you."

Marcie just looked not knowing what to say.

And just that quick, Hilda's demeanor changed once again. "Okay slave," she
snarled. "You've had your breakfast. Today is dust and vacuum day! Now get
up and follow me!"

The tall blonde woman led Marcie by the leash back into the house.


Hilda led her slave toward the closet where the cleaning supplies were kept.
She brought out the upright vacuum and a dust rag. Marcie was compelled to
vacuum and dust every room in the house, with the tall dominatrix lording
over her. Once, when Marcie missed a spot with the vacuum, Hilda forced her
over the arm of a sofa and spanked her until her butt was crimson. Another
time, Hilda felt some dust on one of the wooden tables. For that, Marcie was
strung up by her wrists and whipped all over, including between her legs.

Two hours later it was lunch time and once again Marcie was forced to her
knees and made to suck Hilda's pussy to orgasm. That was the third time
today.

Gratefully, Hilda did allow Marcie some solid food for lunch, only because
as Hilda put, "She would need her strength."

After lunch Hilda took her slave back upstairs and tied her once again
spreadeagled to the bed. Another round of teasing followed. Her mistress
played with Marcie's tits and pussy until the trussed up blonde was on the
verge of cuming. Once again, however, she was denied release.

"Not yet," Hilda mouthed cruelly.

Marcie was then left there for the next two hours while Hilda rested.

Marcie, who had dozed off, was awakened by a hard pinch of a nipple. Hilda
began untying her wrists and ankles, only to retie her wrists behind her
once she was on her feet. After reattaching her slave's leash, Hilda also
blindfolded her, which was a new experience for Marcie.


Carefully, the tall blonde woman led her slave down the steps. Marcie could
here voices.

"Oh Hilda, is this your new slave?" A voice unfamiliar to Marcie inquired in
a bubbly voice.

"Well actually she's Hans' slave, but as you know, my brother and I share
everything."

"Well isn't that a sweet arrangement," another voice added.

"Yes it is," Hilda said as they reached the bottom of the stairs, which led
to the living room.

"How long have you two had her then?" A third unfamiliar voice asked in a
slightly souther drawl.

"Just since yesterday. Hans brought her home last night."

"Oh she's lovely, bring her over here so I can get a feel."


"Cori, don't be a sow, we all want a feel," the southern lady declared.

Hilda led Marcie by the neck into the vast room and untied her wrists from
behind her, only to attach them over her head, forcing her arms up. Suddenly
hands roamed all over the sex-slave's body. Slender fingers probed her tits,
pussy, thighs and asshole. She was repeatedly fingerfucked in her cunt and
ass. But Marcie wasn't protesting. In fact she was loving this.

Then without warning, she felt fingers pinching her nipples hard. She cried
out and cringed from the shooting pain. Other hands probed the depths of her
cunt and pinched her clit. She felt a butt plug shoved up her ass. The
fingers on her nipples were replaced by nipple clamps. The ladies spanked
her repeatedly and whipped her. Marcie felt used and abused.

Hilda finally released her wrists, but the ladies were far from through with
the sex-slave. Hilda, who seemed to be directing this afternoon fun, told
Yvonne to lie on her back and spread her legs. Marcie was made to kneel
between the short brunette's splayed legs. Hilda forced her slave to bend
over so she could eat Yvonne's pussy. At the same time, Jennifer, the
southern gal strapped on a strap-on and directed the bulbous end toward
Marcie's bottom. The other woman, Cori, assisted by spreading Marcie's butt
cheeks, which revealed the bent over slave's anus. Hilda reached in Marcie's
pussy and spread some pussy juice over the head of the dildo. "That should
ease the entry a bit," she said with a smile.


Jennifer pushed the hard ten inch cock toward Marcie's rear opening and
easily inserted the head. Marcie gasped, but since Hans had butt fucked her
last night, she had become somewhat used to this. Jen slowly, but steadily
inched the dildo forward. Marcie shrieked into Yvonne's pussy while she was
being fucked in the ass by Jennifer. Yvonne was shrieking from having her
pussy eaten. Hilda told Jennifer to keep fucking Marcie until Yvonne came,
which wasn't very long. The short dark a haired lady screamed with a passion
as she went over the top.

Then it was Jennifer's turn to have her pussy eaten by the sex-slave,
Marcie, and it was Cori who strapped on the dildo, while Yvonne recuperated.
Hilda held open Marcie's butt cheeks this time. Cori, the light brown haired
lady from Michigan shoved the hard dildo right into Marcie's wide open anus
and fucked her repeatedly while Jennifer was in the throes of ecstacy from
having her pussy eaten. When the southern lady came, Cori pulled out. But it
was her turn to have her pussy sucked and Yvonne strapped on the dildo. Once
again, the ritual was repeated until Cori shrieked her exaltation.

So far Marcie the sex-slave, had been butt fucked three times while she
sucked off three pussies, but she was not quite finished. Hilda laid on
floor this time with her thighs wide. The other three ladies forced Marcie
to eat her pussy while they all whipped her back and ass until Hilda came.

When the afternoon festivities had finally ended, Hilda bid her friends good
day and led her slave back up to bed where she was once again tied
spreadeagled. This time it was Hilda who strapped on the dildo. She once
again climbed on top of Marcie's body and proceeded to play with her tits,
softly tonging each nipple. She also reached in and toyed with the blonde's
clit. Then she took her finger out and made her panting slave beg for
release.

"Tell me what you want bitch!"

"Please," Marcie begged.

"Please what, slave?"

"Please...please f&#150;fuck me!" She whispered.

The buxom blonde was elated when she saw her Mistress move the head of the
dildo to the doorstep of her dripping pussy. Then she felt the stiff head
enter her, pushing between her pussy lips. "Oh yes!" She shrieked when she
felt the hard cock fill her love canal. "Fuck me Mistress! Please fuck me
hard!"

That's exactly what Marcie, the sex-slave got, a good hard fucking. Hilda
slammed the rigid ramrod repeatedly into Marcie's cunt and she knew it
wouldn't be too much longer before the panting blonde would explode with
ecstacy. It didn't take much longer for Marcie to accept her reward for
being a good sex-slave.

Hilda smiled down at Marcie as the spreadeagled slave came down from on
high. She brought her lips down onto Marcie's lips, who savored the kiss.
"You were very good today. I think we'll keep you as our sex-slave," Hilda
said as her eyes gleamed into Marcie's.

"Thank you Mistress."


Just then, the front door opened and shut. A few minutes later Hans appeared
in the doorway. Hilda hopped off the bed and stood.

"Have you ladies had an enjoyable day together?"

"Yes Hans," Hilda replied with a gleam in her eye. "Your sexslave has been
wonderful. You did a good job picking her out."

"I'm so glad to hear that," the tall blonde haired man commented as he gave
his sister a hug, then leaned over to give Marcie a kiss on the cheek.

"But now my sister, I think it's time I paid you some attention, huh." He
gripped her chin in front and forced his sister who was almost as tall as he
to look at him.

Her demeanor changed completely and the octave in her voice lowered
considerably. "Yes Master," was her reply.

"Very well then, go down to the dungeon and prepare yourself!"

"Yes Master," was her only reply before leaving the room at once.

Then Hans addressed his sex slave. "Hilda says you've done well," He said
smiling down at her.



"Thank you Master," was her only reply.

"I value Hilda's opinion highly and if she were displeased with you, I'd
dismiss you at once."

"Yes Master."

"So you may remain my sex-slave. Are you happy with that?"

"Yes Master."

"Very well then, I must go give my other slave some attention. You see,
Hilda is a Dominatrix who is submissive to me only."

"Yes Master, I understand." Marcie replied but she had a difficult time
comprehending all this.

"See you later slave," Hans said as he departed the room.

When her Master had left, Marcie could only imagine what was in store for
her in the future.

To Be Continued...









 Converted from "His Sex Slave-Part3.txt" on 22-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



His Sex Slave-Part 3

Marcie laid there once again spreadeagled to the large bed by her wrists and
ankles. It had been quite a day with Hilda. Hans' sister did indeed make a
sex slave out of her. Yet, the blonde haired Marcie couldn't say she didn't
enjoy it. She'd always wondered what it would be like to go down on another
woman and she sure found out. By her count she sucked off six pussies,
counting Hilda three times. And she'd been butt fucked three times as well.
But the grandest was that wonderful cunt fucking her Mistress gave her just
before Hans returned from work.

Even though she was trussed up Marcie felt totally relaxed.Thrilled to see
her Master after a full day of not seeing him, she wondered, what was going
on between Hans and his sister? He had told her to go to the dungeon&#150; a
place Hans had not shown Marcie yet&#150; and prepare herself.

Hans had not left the room yet and was gazing down at her with those
gorgeous hazel eyes and she felt herself get moist again between her legs.


"Did you enjoy your day with Hilda, Marcie?"

"Yes Master I enjoyed my time with your sister."

The tall, blonde haired Hans smiled at her. "Well Marcie, I need to tell you
something. Hilda is not really my sister. We're actually second cousin."

"Oh," Marcie reacted with raised eyebrows.

"Yes, we bought this house together three years ago and we just told the
real estate guy that."

"I see."

"But now I must attend to her. She needs the balance, you know."

Marcie was somewhat confused about all this, but she, nevertheless, smiled
up at Hans. "Yes Master."

Quickly her master made his exit from the room.

**

Meanwhile, Hilda, Hans' cousin was kneeling naked down in the dungeon,
waiting for her Master to appear. She loathed this waiting. She wanted him
to get on with it. She gazed around this room with the pitch black walls and
red carpeted floor. She looked at the stationary implements ( spanking
horse, chains hanging down, and a "special table" as he called it). Along
one wall hung his many paddles, whips, straps and canes. He also possessed
restraints, various sized butt plugs and nipple clamps.

All of this made this room look quite ominous, but the short haired Hilda
had been in here many times before. She recalled her initial trip to this
room, and how she gasped upon seeing it. She was no stranger to bdsm; she
dabbled in the scene while she was at college. In fact that's really where
she flourished in it. She recalled her old roommate, Beth and how surprised
they both were to learn that each of them had fantasies about it.

It started innocently enough. At first Beth agreed to let Hilda spank her,
and since this was Hilda's maiden experience as well she went easy on her.
But after a few smacks, Beth was pleading for more. So the blonde obliged
the brunette by smacking her harder and faster. Beth got so turned on she
leaped on top of Hilda and kissed her roommate right on the lips. That
eventually led to a hot sixty-nine in which both college seniors climaxed in
thunderous orgasms.

Each time after, their sessions got bolder and steamier. They went on
shopping trips to a local sex toy store, and experimented with various
paddles, whips and other devices. A dog collar, a leash, nipple clamps,
wrist and ankle cuffs were all added to their collection. They rarely went
out to clubs or campus parties because they enjoyed each others' company so
much.

Then graduation came and Hilda and Beth lost track of each other. Hilda had
a degree in Clinical Psychology and was anxious to start a practice when she
met Hans at a family reunion. They hadn't seen each other in ten years and
she was impressed with his stature and the way he carried himself, self
confidant and assured. Her five-foot ten inch frame was only a few inches
shorter than he. She found him to be a charming talker and when he said that
he wanted to buy a house, she jumped at the chance of purchasing it with
him. He'd already began his dental business and she could have an office in
the house. How grand she thought.

Then once they settled on the house and moved in, he hinted at his
proclivity toward bdsm and she in turn tipped her hand as well. This was
even grander. They could both practice this hobby of theirs and still hold
down legitimate means of employment without any strings attached.

Then one morning at the breakfast table before he went off to work, he
suggested to Hilda that he'd like to practice his domination on her. She in
turn informed him that she was also a dominant...But she did find it
fascinating, the idea of being his submissive. It took a week of
negotiation, but finally she agreed...She would allow him to dominate her&#150;
with some limits&#150; but she would be a Domme to anyone else...Agreed.


That evening was when Hilda got her first taste of his dungeon. He started
by putting her over the spanking horse with her wrists and ankles cuffed to
the legs. He began with a hand spanking, which not only had her gasping from
the constant sting, but had her wet between the legs. Despite the fact that
she was a dominant female who liked women, she wished at that moment he'd
shove his cock up her cunt.

Then he changed to a hard leather paddle that easily covered both of her
hind cheeks and soon had her yelping. After that, he chained her up by her
wrists and used various whips on separate parts of her body. A flogger was
used on her back and buttocks, a lighter whip on her thighs and a short whip
on her breasts and pussy. She couldn't believe he'd actually whipped her
there, but what could she say? She hadn't mentioned that as taboo.

It wasn't until the next session when he put her on his special table. It
was an old mahogany coffee table that was just long enough for someone to
lie with their torso on the table with their legs dangling over. He tied her
wrists to the front corners, then lifted each leg up and secured the ankles
to a different chain hanging from the ceiling. That position left her
completely wide open and vulnerable for anything Hans wanted to do. Her butt
cheeks were actually off the table as well.

She recalled vividly how he began with a riding crop and reddened every inch
of the inside of her thighs. The tall red head cried out after each swat,
which was only music to his ears. He even used the crop on her raised
bottom. He then put five clothespins on each breast and after a few
agonizing minutes whipped each one off as she shrieked.

He then teased her clit with a finger until she was about to come, then
cruelly stopped, making her plead for her release. But in stead he whipped
her down the front of her body, including her breasts. Then he teased her
some more...She pleaded anew, but all she received was a pussy whipping with
his small leather stranded whip.

He then teased her again, made her beg to become his sex-slave, and only
then did he fuck her in that position until finally she came right after he
shot his load into her.

 &gt;From that time until now, Hilda has been Hans' sex&#150;slave, even though he



shares his other female slaves with her as well.

But now, Hilda waited for Hans to come down as she knelt quietly on the red
carpeted floor of his dungeon. "Inposition" meant her being on her knees,
with her hands flat on the floor behind her and her thighs spread wide with
her head down.

That's the position the short cropped slave was in when the tall blonde
haired man of German descent entered. He circled her naked form as he
inspected her slender body with the smallish breasts. They were no where
near as bountiful as his other sex&#150;slave who was currently bound to his bed
upstairs. Yet, he did admire they way they protruded from her chest,
unyieldingly with no sag. And her bush was neatly trimmed. Her legs were
long and lithe. Hilda's pretty face added to her overall attractiveness.

Stopping in front of her, he reached down and tilted her face up. "You did
very well with my new sex&#150;slave," he said with a soft smile.

"Thank you Master," she replied while returning the smile.

"How many times did she suck your pussy?"

"Three times Master."

"Did she do a good job?"

"Yes Master, she did."

"Excellent! I'm proud of you, but now it's time I paid some attention to
you, isn't it?"

"If you wish Master."

"Right answer slave. Now let's get started. I acquired that St Andrews cross
a while ago and haven't used it on you yet, have I?"

"No Master."

He pointed toward it. "Walk over there."


On her knees she negotiated the ten feet and waited obediently for her next
instruction.

"Stand up slave!"

When she did, he eased her forward until her midsection was touching the two
cross pieces where they joined. He raised her right arm and tied her wrist
snugly to the board. He copied the process by duplicating the feat with her
left wrist. He pulled her right leg wide and tethered it tightly to the
bottom right board, repeating the same tether to the left ankle.

Her time had come.

Hans strolled over to where his toys hung on a pegboard. He reached up and
took down his favorite whip. It was all black with a shiny handle, but what
made this particular implement stand out was the fact that the lashes were
made of rubber. Their impact was far more devastating than any other whip he
had in his collection. He would never use this whip on Marcie, at least not
until she's gained some experience. Hilda, on the other hand, was getting to
be an old pro at this.

Once he took his position behind Hilda's spread form on the cross, he tested
the lashes with a few practice strokes through the air. The ten lengths of
rubber reacted sufficiently to his liking and Hans gazed intently at his
intended target. He took a deep breath then brought the lashes back. He
waited ten seconds, then forcefully brought them forward and slashed all ten
of them right across the middle of Hilda's back. Her painful shriek echoed
around the walls of the dungeon. Hans waited for the affect of that blow to
subside, then delivered another one just below the first one. A matching
shriek mimicked the initial one and Hans wondered if Marcie all the way upon
the second floor could hear it. None of his submissives that he had before
Hilda lasted more than two before they were screaming the safe word.
However, since he had not heard that word uttered from Hilda's lips he
continued. Three more across her back had Hilda jerking her bonds as she
wailed, but she was determined not to say the word. Three more hard ones
across her ass produced some amplification of her shrieks. Then two across
the backs of her thighs had her screeching the safe word.

Finally Hans hung up his whip and released Hilda from her bondage. He hugged
her and told her that she had done well.

Hans allowed Hilda to rest after that.


Two hours later, Hans awakened Hilda and they both ascended the stairs to
where Marcie laid tied to the bedposts. Hans was dressed in his black
leather shirt which opened in the front revealing his chest hair, and a pair
of leather pants that hugged his backside. Hilda was also dressed in black
leather. A leather blouse which did nothing to hide her breasts and a short
leather skirt which stopped at mid thigh, with calf high boots with six inch
spiked heels made her look like a femme fatale in her tall lean frame.

They stood on each side of the sex-slave Marcie and ogled her naked form.
Then they each began playing with the blonde's body, kneading her breasts,
pinching her nipples and running their fingers in and out of Marcie's pussy.
The slave was actually loving this action.

Then it all changed. Hans untied her right wrist and ankle and Hilda untied
the left ones. Hans then reached out and grabbed a hank of Marcie's hair and
forced her off the bed and onto her knees. He then ordered her to walk
toward the sliding glass doors that led out to the balcony on her knees.

When she once again felt the cold hard concrete she wondered what this was
about. Hilda sat on the chaise lounge while Hans still held a lock of her
hair. The leggy dominatrix then spread her legs wide, revealing her naked
pussy to Marcie. Hans forced his sex-slave toward his cousin's crotch.

"Eat it slave!"

And for the fourth time that day, Marcie tasted Hilda's pussy juice. Hans
meanwhile picked up a belt, doubled it up and slashed the leather piece
across Marcie's ass. She yelped into Hilda's crotch, as she sucked on the
other woman's pussy.

"I'm gonna whip your ass until Hilda cums, slave!"

Marcie yelped and sucked furiously until Hilda finally let out a boisterous
cry of pure pleasure. Hilda then laid back on the lounge and breathed
heavily as she glowed in the aftermath.

But Marcie wasn't quite done.

Hilda rose from the lounge and Hans sat down, unzipped his leather pants and
pointed. Hilda this time grabbed Marcie by the hair and ordered her to take
out Hans' cock. When the long haired blonde fished out his manhood, Hilda
forced Marcie's mouth onto it. She let go of Marcie's hair so she could take
up the belt.

"Such that cock, slave!" Hilda sneered as she delivered a swat right across
Marcie's ass cheeks. The sex&#150;slave sucked Hans' cock for all she was worth,
in and out, in and out. Her ass whipping continued until Hans stiffened and
sprayed the inside of her mouth with his cum.

"Drink it all bitch!" Hilda snarled. Marcie did just that, not allowing a
single drop to his the deck. In spite of her sore butt cheeks, she was
contented that she pleased her Master.

Hans was indeed pleased with his sex&#150;slave. She had done well on her first
full day, but their would be others to come. Hans and Hilda then led her
back to bed, spreadeagled her once again to her bed and each kissed her good
night.

Tomorrow would be another day.

To Be Continued...












Marcie actually had become used to being a sex-slave. Although she technically belonged to Hans, she was used by Hilda, his second cousin, as well. The very well endowed blonde had become equally adept at sucking Her pussy as well as His cock She knew the drill. Every morning before he took His shower, the tall handsome man-of-the-house would enter the bedroom, with her still bound hand and foot to the large poster bed, and mount her so that his stiff manhood pointed directly at her soft lips. After she had swallowed every drop, he&#8217;d pat her lovingly and kiss her lightly on the cheek. Then an hour later, Hilda would enter, jam her wet pussy in Marcie&#8217;s face and ride her to orgasm. 
Then for the rest of the day, Marcie was Hilda&#8217;s bitch. After breakfast there were always chores to do around the house and the tall dominant short cropped blonde acted quite the task mistress. Marcie was spanked repeatedly for even the slightest oversight, but that wasn&#8217;t all. She was whipped, cropped and strapped whenever the domineering woman desired it. Once while cleaning one of the bathrooms, Hilda suspended Marcie from the shower rod and put wooden clothespins on her nipples and pussy lips. She even teased the suffering long haired blonde by playing with her clit until Marcie was about to come, but cruelly stopped short. Then at lunch, it would be another helping of Hilda&#8217;s pussy. The afternoon usually consisted of Marcie entertaining some of Hilda&#8217;s female friends. The slave&#8217;s body was used and abused. Then Hans would return around five-thirty and Marcie would be double teamed. 
Today, however, was Saturday and Marcie stirred as much as she could, wondering what her Master had in store for her today? She smiled brightly when she saw the dominant duo enter her bedroom. They each kissed her on the cheek and to her surprise untied her from her bindings. Surprisingly, the slave was allowed to shower and get dressed. They took her out to a pancake house and spoke to her amicably, not giving any hint of what was going on at home. Hans and Hilda were great conversationalists and Marcie thoroughly enjoyed their company. 
The sex-slave thought for sure she&#8217;d be in for it when they returned to the house, but to her further surprise they allowed her to rest. In fact, neither one touched her at all for the rest of the morning and afternoon. She would need her strength for later that evening, she was told. 
But of course, she was still kept naked and tied spreadeagled to her bed. Going out to breakfast was the first time she&#8217;d been allowed to wear any clothing at all since Hans brought her here four days ago. Now, however, it was back to the usual. Marcie, on the other hand, was getting used to being naked around them. 
She must&#8217;ve dosed off for awhile, but she heard Hans&#8217; voice calling her. She smiled when she saw his handsome face looking down at her. 
&#8220;We will be entertaining some guests tonight,&#8221; he said in an authoritative voice. &#8220;And I want you to be on your best behavior!&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Master,&#8221; Marcie replied as she looked up into his hazel eyes. 
&#8220;You will be used in any manner I see fit!&#8221; 
A few questions did arise in her mind, but she decided it would be a good idea if she just went along with it. He continued. 
&#8220;If you embarrass me in any manner, there will be severe repercussions!&#8221; 
She swallowed hard. &#8220;Yes Master.&#8221; 
At that point Hilda entered the room and Hans looked at her. &#8220;Make sure our little slave here is showered and smelling nice.&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Hans I will,&#8221; the tall blonde replied as she began to loosen Marcie&#8217;s bonds. At that point the tall German man exited the room and Hilda escorted the slave to the shower by the leash attached to her collar. The short cropped woman smiled at Marcie as she turned on the warm water. Hilda then removed the slave&#8217;s collar and leash and allowed her to enter the shower stall. Then to Marcie&#8217;s surprise, Hilda stripped and came in with her. There was a sharp contrast between the two women&#8217;s bodies. Hilda was tall and lean with smallish breasts, that hung on her chest like lemons. Marcie, on the other hand, was short with bountiful mammary organs that resembled grapefruits. 
&#8220;Ooh, let me soap up these melons for you,&#8221; Hilda said gleefully as she soaped up a wash cloth. Marcie didn&#8217;t want to irritate the taller woman, so she gladly agreed. Breasts, tummy, thighs, back, buttocks and legs were all visited by Hilda&#8217;s lathered cloth. The long haired blonde didn&#8217;t mind it a bit when Hilda started washing between Marcie&#8217;s legs. In addition the slave enjoyed the sensuous feeling immensely when the other woman rinsed her off, especially when the soothing spray reached her clit. 
Then Hilda was done...with phase one that is. She handed Marcie another wash cloth and told her to reciprocate. This time it was Hilda who got her whole body lathered and rinsed off. But, there was one difference. After Marcie returned the favor and bathed Hilda&#8217;s honeypot, the taller dominatrix forced the other woman to her knees and made her tongue dry her pussy. That action resulted in a thunderous orgasm as Hilda leaned against a wall and held Marcie&#8217;s face to her crotch by her hair. 
The ladies then stepped out of the shower, toweled each other off, after which Hilda led Marcie back to the bedroom by her leash and collar. 
Meanwhile, downstairs Hans was preparing to greet his guests, all of whom practiced bdsm. There would be Masters and Mistresses coming with their respectful slaves of both genders in tow. Hilda made sure every room in the house was spotless, which is why she was so stern with slave Marcie about cleaning so precisely. He would indeed be using the well equipped dungeon this evening and he made sure each implement was neatly arranged. In addition, he had to make sure he stayed near the intercom which buzzed when a guest pulled up to the gated entryway in his or her vehicle. This had a dual purpose. He could greet each invited visitor and screen out any unsavory interlopers. Hans allowed one car at a time through and there was ample parking space around the long circular driveway in front of the house. Hilda, in the meantime, was getting ready herself. Since Marcie would be kept naked during the party, it was just a matter of making sure she smelled good. On the other hand Hans&#8217; second cousin had to get herself dressed, which meant black silk panties, a black leather bra, a tight leather button down blouse with a low v-neck and a short leather skirt. This was accented by a pair of thigh high leather boots. This outfit made the wiry blonde haired woman look rather stunning. 
&#8220;Come on ladies, the guests will be here soon!&#8221; Hans announced with a bit of urgency in his voice. 
A minute later, Hilda led the sex-slave Marcie down the stairs by her ever present leash and collar. The slave was made to kneel at the door with her wrists bound behind her. Her assigned task was to greet each Master or Mistress with a kiss upon their feet, but she was not to greet any submissive in that manner. 
It was a little past seven o&#8217;clock when the buzzer to the intercom indicated someone was at the gate. Hans immediately recognized the resonant, rich voice of Mistress Grace, a frequent guest at these gatherings. Without hesitating he admitted the lady at once. Two minutes later he greeted the regal looking brunette at the front door. The dignified lady of thirty something smiled warmly at the tall Germanic man, who was dressed in all black leather and rushed into his arms for a rib-hugging embrace. 
&#8220;It&#8217;s always great to see you Mistress, welcome.&#8221; 
&#8220;Happy to be here Hans...You always have the best parties. I wouldn&#8217;t miss it.&#8221; 
With the medium height Mistress was her slave, kyle. She had him on a leash that was attached to a neck collar with his wrists bound behind him. The short, slight black- haired man was also naked except for a pair of red bikini panties. Since it was dusk out and besides having the fence surrounding the property, nobody on the outside could really see the state he was in. Besides, Mistress Grace didn&#8217;t care anyway. 
&#8220;Glad to see you&#8217;ve brought your slave, Mistress.&#8221; Hans uttered with a wry smile. 
&#8220;Thank you Sir, I plan to make practical use of your dungeon tonight,&#8221; she replied as she returned the same smile. 
At that point Hans&#8217; slave, Marcie, leaned over at the Mistress&#8217;s feet and kissed the top of her booted foot. Hans smiled proudly down at her and then looked back at Grace. &#8220;This my new slave who I acquired this week.&#8221; 
&#8220;Oh she is lovely Hans and so obedient.&#8221; 
&#8220;I hold your opinion in high regard Grace, thank you.&#8221; 
Then the buzzer indicated another visitor had arrived. A low male voice came through the speaker. Hans smiled. &#8220;Welcome Michael, please enter.&#8221; Hans greeted his second visitor at the door. The two men shook hands immediately. The new arrival was Master Michael, another frequent attendee at these functions. He too was wearing the dress code of the evening, black leather. He too led his slave in by a leash with her wrists bound behind her. She was totally naked. 
And like the obedient slave she was, Marcie also kissed the top of his shoe upon entering. 
This occurrence happened four more times as each of the invited dominants entered. When they all had arrived, there were an equal number of Masters as there were Mistresses and each brought a slave. This made for an even number of men and women, as well as an equal amount of dominants and submissives. 
Initially, there was a happy hour where each of the participants could renew acquaintances or make new ones. Hans took the opportunity to introduce his new sex-slave, Marcie to all and announced that she would receive a get acquainted spanking in the dungeon where all Doms and Dommes could participate. 
Hilda, as well, greeted all the guests warmly. She was well known among the group as someone who liked to play with men as well as women. There was always a Master or Mistress willing to share his or her subordinate with her. 
After everybody loosened up with a drink and made themselves comfortable, Hans led his sex-slave to the dungeon. This would actually be her truly first visit there. Hans had purposely avoided bringing her to this room for this precise reason. He wanted her fresh for this evening. Marcie followed along, as she was being led by her leash, down the short flight of steps into the darkened dungeon. The only lights were the colored halogen lights strategically placed in the ceiling. The walls were painted pitch black and the red carpeting that covered the entire floor gave the room an eerie sense. A spanking horse was situated along the left wall, so that the spankee&#8217;s bottom was pointed toward the middle of the room. Two parallel chains hung from the ceiling across the room. Along the right wall was a St. Andrews cross. There was also a pegboard next to the wooden horse hanging on the wall with every implement imaginable. The specter stunned Marcie somewhat, leaving her to wonder if her Master really used all of this stuff. 
Hans led his slave toward the horse. She gulped when she stood in front of it, but then again, she volunteered to be his sex-slave. This would be just the next phase. She was ready. 
When he ordered her to lean over the sturdy looking well built piece of wood, she was grateful for the leather padding in all the right places. The red, blue, yellow and green lights seemed to be brighter now that her eyes had adjusted to the darkness, but her apprehension grew anew when he chained her wrists down in front and her ankles in back. Her vulnerability seemed to triple. 
She could here the group that had gathered around to witness her first spanking in the dungeon and although it unnerved her somewhat, she was comfortable with the fact that all of these people were like minded and wouldn&#8217;t feel that she was some kind of a pervert. She tried to look around to see what her Master was doing and for her trouble he placed a blindfold over her eyes. &#8220;That would prevent her from being so inquisitive,&#8221; Hans explained. 
Sight deprivation made her other senses soar and she relaxed her bottom when she felt something hard touch it. It felt like a paddle and when it left her bare bottom, she was ready for the impact. Hans did not disappoint her. The hard leather instrument exploded onto her upturned behind with such force that she yelped as much from the suddenness as she did from the powerful jolt . The hard leather was wide enough to cover both cheeks at once and when Hans handed the paddle to one of the other dominants, Marcie felt another devastating blow. Including Hans and Hilda there were eight dominants&#8211;four Doms and four Dommes&#8211; in all and they each took a turn spanking Marcie&#8217;s bottom, one spank at a time until the sex-slave&#8217;s entire well-rounded bottom was bright red. Poor Marcie had received about sixty spanks by the time they were done. 
Her initiation done, Marcie was compelled by Hans to kneel at the feet of each dominant and thank each one for her spanking. She was then to rise to her feet and give each one a hug. Even though her cherry red bottom seared, she smiled broadly feeling she&#8217;d been accepted by the group. 
The evening then progressed with each Master and Mistress making good use of Hans&#8217; splendid dungeon. Mistress Grace chained slave kyle up by his wrists and she and Mistress Hilda double teamed him. Grace stood behind him with a hard wooden paddle and was spanking him repeatedly while Hilda stood in front of his naked body and was whipping his cock with a short coarse haired flogger. When Grace whacked his butt, he would thrust his pelvis forward where Hilda would lash his swollen male member. They kept this up for quite a while and from the looks of kyle&#8217;s hard-on, he was enjoying it. 
Master Michael had his female slave tethered face forward to the St. Andrews cross where he whipped every inch of her back, buttocks and thighs. Then she was turned around and nipple clamps were put in place as well as metal clamps to her pussy lips. She was then lashed down the front of her body, including breasts, inner thighs and pussy. 
Yelps and cries were prevalent throughout the room. When one scene stopped another would take it&#8217;s place. 
Marcie, for her part, was kept kneeling with her hands bound behind her in one corner of the dungeon. Any dominant, male or female who wished to be sucked off could make use of her availed mouth. They indeed took full advantage of the situation, using the sex-slave to their utter content. Cries of carnal gratification mixed with shrieks of anguish throughout the crowded room. 
Hilda was having a ball. After she finished whipping kyle&#8217;s cock, she borrowed one of the male dominant&#8217;s female slaves and suspended her by her wrists. After stuffing a butt plug up her ass, the tall Domme placed nipple clamps on and put weights on the chain connecting the metal clamps. She then shoved a ten inch dildo with a large wide head into her sopping pussy. Inch by inch she jammed the plastic cock in until only the wide base was showing. A riding crop was then used on the insides of her spread thighs, which were held apart by a spreaderbar. The red head cried out after each swat which intermingled with the rest of the crescendo of voices that echoed around the walls of this room. 
Scenes such as this continued for hours. People wandered in and out of the dungeon all night, while mingling with each other in the livingroom. Jubilant laughter and painful cries converged throughout the evening. Hans even made available some other rooms in the house that could be used by anyone who wanted to have a private session. 
Then Hans announced a special surprise and for everyone to report to the dungeon. After all the guests filed into this special room, the host of the evening called his sex-slave, Marcie and his second cousin, Hilda together. He had not told either of them of his plans. He looked at Hilda, who returned the glance with her nose held high. 
&#8220;I think it is time Hilda that we show these people what a good slave you can be.&#8221; 
Her face went ashen as she heard what Hans was saying. It was true that she was also Hans&#8217; slave at times, but she was caught completely off guard and she really didn&#8217;t know what to say. 
&#8220;Yes, slave Hilda, I think it&#8217;s high time you get the balance you sorely need,&#8221; he said calmly. 
The tall blonde had no recourse. She did, after all, come here originally to be his sex-slave just as Marcie has done. Since she was his second cousin, there could be no charge of incest. 
Hans continued. &#8220;Hilda, I want you to strip naked immediately!&#8221; His eyes pierced her brain and she slowly began divesting herself of her clothing until she, totally disconcerted, stood there bare naked, with her lemon shaped breasts sticking out proudly and her neatly shaped pussy mound showing prominently. Some gasps could be heard from some guests, for this was a totally unexpected turn of events. 
Hans then looked at Marcie. &#8220;You have been such a delight as my sex-slave the past couple days, I&#8217;m going to give you a treat.&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Master,&#8221; Marcie replied in a confused tone. 
&#8220;How many times has Hilda spanked and whipped you in the past few days?&#8221; 
&#8220;I&#8211;I don&#8217;t know M&#8211;Master,&#8221; she answered nervously. 
&#8220;Would you like to get even?&#8221; He asked with raised eyebrows. Their was some murmuring among the guests. 
&#8220;Well, I&#8211;I don&#8217;t know Master.&#8221; 
His eyes then focused on hers. &#8220;Do you remember our conversation earlier today?&#8221; 
&#8220;Y&#8211;Yes Master.&#8221; 
&#8220;About not embarrassing me!&#8221; 
&#8220;Y&#8211;Yes Master.&#8221; 
&#8220;Then you will do as I say or be punished severely. I want you to whip Hilda!&#8221; 
Her eyes narrowed. She couldn&#8217;t believe what she was hearing. She feared, however, if she refused he would turn her away and she really wanted to remain his slave. She also was cognizant of the fact that Hilda could exact retribution on her when Hans was at work. All of this permeated through her brain. She had to decide quickly. 
Marcie looked directly at the handsome, noble faced German. &#8220;Yes Master.&#8221; 
Hilda didn&#8217;t know what to think. Hans was going to let his sex-slave, a woman who his cousin had lorded over, whip her. Hilda was indeed appalled but what could she do? Hans was right, she did need the balance. But to be whipped in front of these people by someone who was supposed to be her subordinate was truly mind boggling. She could refuse, but the consequences of that action could be worse. 
Hilda held her head up and spoke. &#8220;Very well, how do you want me?&#8221; 
&#8220;Walk over to the chains!&#8221; Hans spoke tersely. When she complied he put leather cuffs on each wrist and raised each one high in the air, attaching each cuff to a link in the chain. Her back was facing the center of the room and Hans put a spreaderbar in place between her ankles forcing her legs wide. 
The onlookers gave him plenty of room as he walked over to where his toys hung on the pegboard. He took down a black four-foot long flogger. He walked over to where a nervous Marcie stood. &#8220;Feel the handle,&#8221; he said as he put it into her hand. It felt smooth as she fingered the menacing looking implement. Then he led her over to where Hilda&#8217;s naked body hung in suspension. &#8220;This is how you use this.&#8221; He then pulled his arm back and brought all thirteen tails across Hilda&#8217;s bare back. She stiffened but didn&#8217;t let out a cry. &#8220;Watch closely,&#8221; he said authoritatively as he repeated the first action, which resulted in another set of red stripes across his slave&#8217;s back. 
&#8220;You do it!&#8221; He commanded as he handed Marcie the whip. Her long blonde hair swung around as she gripped the smooth handle. She stood behind Hilda just as Hans did and measured the distance. Slowly she brought back her bare arm and brought the tails forward with a snap of the wrist right across Hilda&#8217;s back. 
&#8220;That&#8217;s it!&#8221; Hans encouraged as Hilda arched her back trying to relieve the shooting pain. The naked Marcie once again brought her arm back and cracked Hilda this time across her buttocks. A moan was emitted from the other naked woman&#8217;s lips and the crowd began to urge Marcie on. Over and over, Hans&#8217; sex-slave whipped the woman who had lorded over her those days while Hans was at work. By now the shorter blonde was really getting into it, reveling with Hilda&#8217;s cries of anguish. Hilda&#8217;s back, buttocks and thighs knew the sting of Marcie&#8217;s lashes. Finally when Hans had determined that the taller woman had taken enough, he told Marcie to stop. 
But Hilda was not quite though yet. Hans instructed Marcie to lie on her back with her legs spread wide. Hilda was made to kneel between those splayed legs. 
Hans then addressed Marcie. &#8220;How many times have you sucked Hilda&#8217;s pussy?&#8221; 
Marcie tried to count back. &#8220;Maybe ten times Master.&#8221; 
Hans smiled lasciviously. &#8220;Very well then. Slave Hilda, you will suck Marcie&#8217;s pussy until she comes ten times!&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Master,&#8221; Hilda replied softly as she knelt submissively. 
Hilda recalled that first time she saw Marcie naked and how she commented about her neatly trimmed pussy. Little did she know that she&#8217;d be in this position, having been reduced to a slave by her domineering cousin. 
&#8220;Come on slave, get to it!&#8221; Hans ordered. 
Hilda, hesitantly, leaned over so she could bring her mouth down to where Marcie&#8217;s pussy laid wide open. Since her wrists were cuffed behind her, she couldn&#8217;t balance herself with her arms. She hadn&#8217;t eaten a pussy since her college days, but it was like riding a bike, once you learned how do it. First she licked around the sensitive lips, causing Marcie to moan in ecstacy. Then Hans spoke again. He gave Mistress Grace and Master Michael whips. He instructed the dominant duo to whip Hilda&#8217;s back and buttocks until Marcie came. The bent over Hilda began licking and slurping faster. Marcie was in heaven. Grace and Michael rained lash after lash which had Hilda yelping into Marcie&#8217;s pussy. Hilda found the little sensitive nub and drove the panting Marcie into an absolutely ferocious orgasm. 
But that was only her first orgasm. She had nine more coming. While she laid there, she recalled how Hilda made her suck her pussy that morning in the shower. She hardly felt sorry for her. 
&#8220;Keep sucking!&#8221; Hans ordered. Then the man of the house told Master Grace and Master Michael to cease. Instead, he looked down at Hilda&#8217;s inviting buttocks which was sticking up in the air as she continued to suck Marcie&#8217;s pussy. He told one of the female submissives to hold Hilda&#8217;s butt cheeks open, which revealed her tight anus. Hans then had each dominant line up behind her. All of the Doms brought out their hard cocks. Each Domme strapped on a strap-on. One by one they each fucked Hilda&#8217;s asshole. One would push in and pump her. Then he or she would pull out and another person took his or her place. Meanwhile, Hilda kept sucking Marcie&#8217;s pussy while the now delirious sex-slave had one orgasm after another. The Masters and Mistresses kept on fucking Hilda&#8217;s rear passage. It was almost like a production line. Then finally one of the men came, pouring his semen deep into Hilda&#8217;s ass. By that time Marcie had come eight times. 
Then it was Hans&#8217; turn. He pulled out his long thick cock and mounted Hilda&#8217;s rear. Slowly and steadily he inched his swollen member into her now loosened ass. When he was totally impaled, he began fucking her in earnest. Hilda shrieked and slurped. Marcie came for the ninth time. But Hans was not done. He felt the juices in his balls rumbling as he kept fucking Hilda&#8217;s ass. 
Then Marcie shrieked again. She came for the tenth time at just the same time Hans bellowed and released his juice deep into Hilda&#8217;s ass. 
Finally Hans pulled out and left the poor used Hilda lying on the floor in the dungeon as the rest of his guests filed out. 
&#8220;What a party!&#8221; Master Michael boasted as he led his naked slave out the front door. &#8220;You going to have another one of these next month?&#8221; He asked. 
&#8220;Yes, one a month,&#8221; Hans replied with a smile. Each of the guests thanked him with a firm handshake as they led their slaves out to the car. Kyle was still in his bikini panties. 
&#8220;I&#8217;ll be back,&#8221; Mistress Grace mouthed softly as she gave Hans a big hug. 
Then finally all the invitees left. Hans went back down to the dungeon. Marcie was sound asleep on her back on the floor. Hilda was in agony. She&#8217;d never been butt fucked like that in her life and her tongue was swollen from having sucked Marcie&#8217;s pussy so many times. She felt totally used. 
Hans assisted her, as she wobbled to her feet, and hugged her lovingly. &#8220;You took a lot tonight. Are you okay?&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Master!&#8221; 
&#8220;Why don&#8217;t we take our sex-slave up to bed,&#8221; he said pointing with his chin to the now snoring Marcia. &#8220;Tomorrow will be another day.&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Master.&#8221; 
To Be Continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DungeonMaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





