BDSM Library - Taming Billy -15




Taming Billy -15
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 



  Converted from "Taming Billy 15TBS.txt" on 21-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
  
  






  
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    Taming Billy
  









  
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    Chapter 15
  






 Florence was so badly injured from the terrible punishment that she's taken from
  Serena and Kim that Lucy insisted that she remain with the family until such time as she
  was able to fend for herself. As for Kim and Serena, they seemed to be bonding quite
  nicely. In fact Serena was now sleeping with Kim, except they weren't doing much resting.
  The dominatrix was now spending most of her time instructing her pupil on how to properly
  pleasure her, deferring the lessons in the fine art of domination to when they would
  return to Serena's home.

 Billy was nearly fully recovered from his latest session with Serena, and seemed to
  be a bit disappointed that she was not available to teach him a few more things about the
  pleasuring of the mature female. So the youth was once more running amok at home,
  attacking Tracy with renewed energy and enthusiasm, reducing the poor woman to nothing
  more than a living blowup doll. Secretly his mother was happy to be getting some attention
  these days. Lucy was devoting almost every waking hour to the care of her new found
  friend, Florence, and the feeling seemed to be mutual.
 

 When Lucy actually moved into Florence's room so, as she explained, she'd be able to
  be more available for the needs of her patient, Tracy knew that she was on her own when it
  came to coping with Billy. To add to her problem she was frustrated by what was going on
  with the other females residing with her. At night she could hear Kim and Serena going at
  it until all hours, sometimes even having sex all night while Tracy lay all alone and
  masturbated in a vain effort to get some rest. By morning Billy would be on her like some
  kind of a wild animal, his hard cock reaming out her juicy cunt and making her at least
  feel like she was needed by someone.

 At school Billy turned into a terror once more, nailing any willing pussy with
  tremendous energy. His behavior caused problems for many of the teachers and so Tracy
  Lyons was once again asked to come to school for some counseling. She was not in the best
  of moods when she met with the principal who threatened her with losing Billy if she
  didn't do something very quickly to calm him down. Tracy was furious with this turn of
  events. She'd been put in the same vulnerable position as before, despite the
  reinforcements that had been promised but now seemed to be on their own independent
  campaigns. She was certain that Lucy's friend, the dominatrix, was going to soon leave and
  take her daughter, Kim, with her. Her own mother was growing closer and closer to the very
  woman who had brought things to a head. Now here she was all by herself and trying to
  control her son who if anything had gotten even stronger as the result of the punishment
  and humilations to which he had been subjected. That night Tracy formed a plan that she
  immediately put into practice.
 

 She sat down with Kim and Serena and read them the riot act, making it very clear to
  the pair of lovebirds that she wanted them to vacate the premises before the week was
  over. Kim was stunned, but Serena realized that she had more than overstepped her limits,
  and had not done as much as she could for the woman. She imagined that her mentor would be
  very displeased with the way she failed to comport herself. The dominatrix thanked her
  lucky stars that she would have Kim to take care of her once she had spent possibly as
  long as a week in her mentor's dungeon being worked on by her mistress and her associates
  to reestablish the proper attitude she must display in her work. Serena knew that her
  behavior had been less than professional, but Kim made it all seem worth the pain and
  suffering she would undergo.

 The next day she had a heart to heart talk with her mother and Florence. It was made
  easy by the fact that she had been mauled, manhandled and nearly maimed by Billy's brutal
  morning wakeup sex session that featured oral, anal and vaginal assaults that lasted the
  better part of an hour and left her unable to move for another hour after he left for
  school. To add insult to injury she walked into the room to discover her mother
  comfortably situated between Florence's spread thighs working assiduosly in getting the
  gray haired woman off. Tracy was fuming as her mother refused to pay her attention,
  frantically licking her lover's cunt and squeezing her thighs as Forence got closer and
  closer to her orgasm. When she finally went off, the old woman actually spurted some cum
  juice into Lucy's face. Tracy wrinkled her nose as a sign of her impatience and dismay
  with the behavior of her own mother towards the woman that had nearly turned her son into
  a eunuch. After her decidedly blunt and quite nasty talk with the two, they departed for
  Florence's house the very next morning, leaving as Billy was seeing how much he could tilt
  his mom's uterus with his monster cock.
 

 Tracy called the school principal once her son had departed for school, late as usual
  and not really caring either. She strongly suggested that some type of after class
  detention be set up for her son and promised to follow up her suggestion with written
  permission for the school authorities to use every reasonable measure to discipline him
  until he conformed to the school rules. Her written authorization specifically stated that
  corporal punishment was included under the definition of "every reasonable measure". She
  personally hand-carried her authorization, duly notarized, to the principal and even
  suggested that teachers Forbes and Larson take the lead in this activity.

 As luck would have it, both were available for an ad hoc meeting on Tracy's idea.
  They eagerly agreed to this additional assignment once they were assured that there would
  be no interference from any member of the Lyons family. With Kim having already left with
  Serena to become her assistant and pupil, and Lucy now tied down by her responsibilities
  to Florence who would need a great deal of tender loving care before she fully recovered
  from her ordeal at Serena's hands, there was no obstacle to handling Billy in the way that
  seemed most appropriate. The principal volunteered to approve the agenda the teachers
  would develop for Billy's rehabilitation, and even suggested that the school nurse would
  involve herself in his disciplining to make sure that his helath was not significantly
  impaired by what they meted out to him during his after school detention sessions.
 

 In fact the nurse had access to certain mood altering drugs that could be used to
  keep Billy relatively subdued during classes, thanks to her roommate who was a doctor.
  Tracy would also be invited to participate whenever the teachers thought it to be
  appropriate. In fact they insisted that she participate in the early sessions to make sure
  that her son was being properly disciplined. Tracy returned the favor by inviting them to
  visit her home over the weekend, if they had the time, so they could help her handle her
  fractious son. Naturally she extended the offer to include the nurse, her doctor friend
  and the principal. The principal blushed and mentioned that she too had a roommate who
  might enjoy helping out since she was writing her PhD thesis on the use of physical
  discipline as an effective tool for instilling order in the classroom.

 By the time Tracy left for home it had been agreed that Billy's first session would
  be held the following afternoon and she was invited along with the principal and the
  school nurse. Now all she had to do was get through the evening and tomorrow morning. To
  give herself some extra protection, she called the mother of the twin plumpers, Gardi, to
  see if her girls could come over tonight and help her with Billy. Gardi was well aware of
  the boy's taste for pussy, and secretly was very interested in seeing if she could work
  her way into his busy fuck schedule. So to Tracy's delight she not only agreed to have her
  daughters come over to help out, she would also join them and if required,stay the night.
  Tracy was overjoyed and asked for another favor which was quickly granted. Slave C would
  be brought along to act as a blowup doll and crash test dummy for Billy when she wasn't
  eating Tracy's pussy and rimming her asshole. Billy's mother was sure that she had died
  and gone to heaven.
 

 Just to be on the safe side, Tracy decided to doctor Billy's milk which he always
  drank immediatly upon arriving home. He claimed it gave him extra energy, which he usually
  put to good use as he fucked his mother senseless, and then took on a few bimbos from
  school who were part of his growing groupie posse. Normally Tracy was free from her
  responsibilities to her son's cock unless his dates that evening were substandard. She
  smiled to herself when she thought about the surprises that awaited her sex crazed son
  this evening and probably for as long as it took to totally tame his mammoth sex
  drive.

 Imgard von Dortman was an imposing physical specimen, standing nearly six feet tall
  and perhaps weighing in the neighborhood of 175 pounds. She wasted no time in
  introductions, asking where Billy was. The drugged milk had done the job and Tracy's son
  was stretched out on his bed, sleeping peacefully. Gardi took charge immediately, ordering
  her twins to help her strip the teen and get him tied, wrists and ankles spread and roped
  tightly to the bed posts with a couple of pillows under his ass so they could get at all
  his goodies easily.
 

 When Gardi stripped down, Tracy felt herself getting a bit wet at the sight of the
  woman's massive tits that hung down from her chest. They were not only huge, they were
  well shaped with dark areolas from which rose thick nipples that were almost black. She
  had a jungle growing from her crotch with tendrils climbing to her navel and curling up
  from the insides of her thighs. Even more impressive was the thick growth of underarm hair
  that she revealed as she took off her top. Tracy was sorely tempted to adopt the same type
  of hair growth, since to her it symbolized female power. She wondered how long it might
  take for her to get back into shape by going to the gym and perhaps finding a hot, sexy
  personal trainer with big muscles and a bigger cock to keep her mind on what was important
  like having a trim but shapely body and getting as much hard cock from a mature male who
  enjoyed fucking her for what she was rather than just because she was available.

 Then Tracy caught sight of slave C standing at the door to the bedroom. She was
  nothing but skin and bones, and the skin portion was covered with welts, burns and cuts in
  varying stages of healing. All she wore was a pair of rubber pants over a diaper. Tracy
  was stunned at the changes that had taken place since she had last had sex with the girl.
  Her garish red hair was gone, replaced by just a stubble that covered her skull.Her eyes
  were sunk deep in their sockets and there were dark circles under her staring orbs. Her
  cheeks were hollow and the bones of her face could be easily seen as they poked up through
  the thin covering of taut skin. Thick iron or steel rings hung from her nipples and her
  sunken chest didn't even hint that breasts might have been growing there at one time. Her
  arms and legs looked like pipe stems and her belly was actually concave.
 

 Gardi caught sight on slave C and beckoned her to approach the bed where Billy was
  restrained. Tracy was startled to see the big woman grab the rings dangling from the
  girl's nipples and yank her up on her toes. "You will do whatever Mistress Tracy tells you
  to do or I will cane your skinny ass until it looks like raw meat. Do you understand?" As
  she spoke she literally lifted the girl off the floor until she was hanging from the thick
  rings embedded in her chest. Tracy hurried over to rescue the girl from what was
  happening. The woman let slave C regain her feet and turned to Billy, rubbing her hands
  together in anticipation of what she and her twin daughters would do to the helpless stud.
  Tracy marched the girl to her bedroom for a nice long hot session of girl-girl sex. She
  could hardly wait to feel slave C's hot tongue probing her wet cunt while she jammed the
  child-like creature's head against her dripping maw.

 Tracy decided to restrain the girl just in case she had any ideas of trying to
  escape. She snapped the cuffs on slave C's wrists and had to rachet them down to the
  smallest setting in order for them to remain fastened. Then she set about removing the
  rubber pants and the bulky diaper that covered the slave's cunt. To her surprise the
  diaper was soaked with urine. She got an even bigger shock when she observed the girl's
  pubic mound. There was a large spiked ring running through her clit which was now totally
  exposed thanks to the spikes that held its hood back. There were flecks of fresh blood on
  the area surrounding that fat nubbin of sex flesh.
 

 Running down the length of her immature cunt were six massive spiked rings, three on
  each cunt lip. Tracy could see that the spikes had done quite a bit of damage considering
  the number of deep lacerations that dotted her mound and cunt lips. It struck Tracy that
  this arrangement was perhaps the most effective chastity belt she had ever seen or
  imagined. She was to discover later that there was a special tool that allowed the girl to
  be fucked senseless without her rapist having to worry about his cock being damaged by the
  spiked rings. Not only was the rapist protected, the spiked rings were now placed into a
  configuration where they tore up the flesh of slave C's pubic mound which explained the
  terrible scars covering most of that region.

 Tracy undressed slowly,her eyes taking in the ruined figure of the girl. She guessed
  that slave C weighed no more than eighty pounds and had been on a starvation diet for
  perhaps as long as a month. She noticed that the girl's ringed cunt lips were quite
  swollen, as if she had been recently fucked; not just fucked, but fucked hard and for a
  very long time. That got her to thinking how that could be managed, but then she was
  distracted by the girl's tongue that was licking her pale lips in anticipation of having
  some pussy to eat. Tracy decided not to keep the girl waiting.
 

 She carefully lowered her cunt onto slave C's face and sighed with pleasure as the
  girl's flickering tongue began to search for those spots that would provide the most
  pleasure for her current mistress, Tracy. Billy's mother and hopefully mistress to be,
  looked down at the girl who was focused one hundred percent on her task of getting
  mistress Tracy off. She couldn't help noticing that her pubes were in need of a shave, but
  dismissed that thought from her mind as she had decided that growing a full bush would be
  another step on the way to dominating her unruly son. Tracy was already exciting herself
  with thoughts of renting the boy to groups of women who would use him mercilessly and
  return him to her completely drained and exhausted. It would be then that she took over to
  wring the last drops of moisture from his shrunken form before allowing him some rest, but
  only a short period since she wanted to use her new dildo to widen his asshole some more
  so it could be more easily fisted by the ladies who waited impatiently for him to once
  more be at their mercy.
 

 Those thoughts coupled with slave C's fast tongue brought her to the first orgasm of
  the session, and it was both lengthy and quite intense. By the time she returned to earth,
  the face of the stick figure beneath her spread thighs was covered with her outpouring of
  cunt juice. Tracy hadn't enjoyed this kind of orgasm in some time despite the presence of
  her mother and daughter, and was delighted that she was still capable of having a very
  good cum complete with plenty of pussy juice issuing from her spasming fuck tunnel. It was
  then that the girl sobbed and began to piss all over Tracy's clean sheets.

 She was initially enraged at this behavior, and then realized that there was an
  obvious reason for having the girl in a diaper and rubber pants. For some unknown reason
  she was incapable of controlling her bladder muscles. Incontinence was something reserved
  for older people whose bodies were beginning to break down, not to a girl who was in her
  early teens. She would have to have a little talk with Gardi to find out about this and
  the trick that was used to allow the girl to be fucked with those spiked rings still in
  place. Tracy had already established that each of the rings was welded shut, so to her it
  was some kind of a mystery how she could be fucked without harming her assailant.
 

 There was still the matter of getting her sheets changed. Tracy decided that the girl
  had to pay some kind of penalty for what she did, but she deferred it until she got the
  whole story about the rubber pants, diaper and those nasty spiked rings. She did however
  make slave C kneel by the bed and suck her piss from the sheets. To show her that she was
  upset with her behavior she slapped the girl across the face a number of times before
  pushing her head down so she could begin straining out the piss from Tracy's good sheets.
  Tracy then walked back to where the trio was working on her son.

 Gardi was squatting over Billy's face, getting rimmed, while her daughters were
  swapping his hard dick back and forth from one mouth to the other, sucking it with maximum
  force as their hands massaged his balls which were tightening in preparation to shooting a
  huge load of hot boiling cum into someone's mouth. Gardi was too busy instructing Billy on
  where to stick his tongue and how fast to move it, to pay much attention to her hostess.
  The twins were equally unperturbed by her presence. So Tracy stood there and watched the
  action until Billy blasted a monster load all over the face of one of the twins. Then
  Gardi swiveled around rather gracefully for a woman of her bulk and presented her hairy
  pubes for his attention. Tracy gave up any hope of engaging her in conversation at this
  time, so she turned and left the trio to continue wearing down her son's resistance.
 

 Tracy lost her temper when she returned to her bedroom to discover that slave C had
  peed on her carpet. The emaciated girl could do nothing but shiver with fear as Tracy
  approached her with an angry look on her face. This time punches rather than slaps rained
  odwn on her head and shoulders as she tried to dodge them. Then Tracy landed a kick into
  her ribcage and the girl rolled onto her side and screamed in agony as the spiked cunt
  rings ate into her flesh. The next few moments were kind of hazy, but when Tracy came out
  of her rage she had her hands around the girl's throat and was squeezing the life out of
  her. She was mortified by her reaction and stood there with hands at her side, staring
  down at the shaking, sobbing stick figure of a girl. Tracy reached down and patted her on
  the head and tried to silence her wailing. Then Gardi was at the door with a quizzical
  look on her face. She took in the scene and realized what had happened. Her face darkened
  and she went after the slave. Tracy could do nothing but watch Gardi punish the girl; what
  she saw horrified her.
 

 Gardi choked the girl until her eyes appeared to be ready to pop from her head. Then
  not satisfied, she began banging her head against the piss soaked carpet. Slave C made no
  effort to protect herself, being used to this type of treatment and knowing what would
  happen if she showed any sign of resistance. The last time she did, Gardi poured boiling
  water over her feet, which still had not recovered from this torture. In a flash Tracy
  thought she understood the mystery of the spiked cunt rings as Gardi grabbed the girl's
  cunt lips and yanked them apart, then pressed them against her flesh until the spikes
  caught hold, leaving her fuck box wide open for anything that anyone might want to do to
  it. Still not satisfied she balled her hand into a fist and jammed it into the slave's
  cunt mouth with such force that it disappeared up to the wrist. Tracy was shocked to the
  core at the amount of pain and punishment that the heavy set woman was dealing out to the
  teenager. However she knew better than to interfere with what was a mistress-slave
  situation.
 

 The woman finally gained control of herself and apologized profusely for the slave's
  behavior. "I started her on piss pills a couple of days ago. I've got her on a piss and
  catfood diet these days and my doctor friend warned me that unless she pissed frequently,
  the build up of salt in her body from all the pee she was drinking would do her in pretty
  fast. I forgot all about it when I brought her over since your son's cock got me hot and
  bothered immediately. I'll have one of the girls go back to the house and get some diapers
  for her so this won't happen again. In the meantime you can beat the snot out of her if
  you want. Maybe I'll have my girl bring back one of the whips I use on her; you can really
  make her scream with the whip, especially if you use it on her cunt when it's open like it
  is now."

 Tracy used her comment to ask about the rings and how slave C could be fucked without
  the spikes doing damage to the one fucking her. Gardi grinned and replied, "I have a
  special fixture that covers the area where the rings are now. That protects the guy or
  woman who is fucking her, but it sure tears her up because their weight drives those
  spikes deep into her cunt mound while they're fucking her. She took a major raping a
  couple of days ago from a pair of my male friends, and those two guys switched off on her
  for at least two hours and she was a mess when they finally got done pumping about a quart
  of hot cum into her cunt. Lucky for her all the fasting she does has stopped her periods
  so she can't get knocked up, at least not so far." The women shared a good laugh over that
  remark.
 

 The girl was put to work sucking the piss from the carpet once Gardi went back to
  continue working on Billy's cock and the rest of his male equipment. As she left, the big
  woman casually mentioned that the girls were taking turns pissing into Billy's mouth and
  he had a pretty good belly developing as a result. Tracy promised to check in and perhaps
  add her own pee to the collection. Gardi laughed and exited the room. Tracy mused about
  the idea of perhaps lending Billy to the trio in exchange for having slave C visit her for
  some rest and recreation, not for her naturally, but for Tracy.

 Tracy could not resist the stick figure dutifully sucking up everything that was
  contained within the depths of the carpet. She went to her nightstand and strapped on her
  dildo. She approached the girl from the rear and bent over so she could pry her welted ass
  cheeks apart. Slave C continued her task and made only a slight whimper as the dildo
  collapsed her sphincter and began its journey into her bowels. Even as Tracy sodomized the
  girl she was struck by the change in attitude that had come over her once Serena and Kim
  had taken their leave, and she had confronted her mother on the issue of Florence. She
  realized with a feeling of satisfaction that she was beginning to take back her life; she
  was going to be in charge of what went on in her house, especially when it came to her out
  of control son, Billy.
 






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jethro Jodhpur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





