BDSM Library - The porn star wetter




The porn star wetter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: male porn stars have fluffers so therefore female stars need the same.



 Converted from "3932_01.txt" on 13-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



The porn star wetter

A fantasy about women using men.

Bob was just out of college and keen to use his degree in media studies. He wanted and
fantasised about a job as a producer with hundreds of girls lusting after him. However
after six months he was working in a local shop and fifty applications had produced
nothing. Then he saw an advert for deputy production assistants for a company. He noticed
that it was an adult film company but still applied considering himself open-minded and
also knowing that it was easier to get a position that way. He was surprised when he was
offered an interview and on reading the information discovered that it was a well
established company and all the stuff in the leaflet was about pensions and other adult
dull things. The salary was very good so he was surprised he had been considered. When he
got to the interview he found he was one of six candidates and all were male. A panel of
three including one tough looking woman interviewed him. She was Sandra Jones a very large
lady in her forties with short mannish hair but massive breasts and she was quite
aggressive towards Bob asking him quite a few personal questions. He tried to charm her
but was sure he had failed. When all six had been interviewed they asked one a very
handsome lad to go though a second time and Bob sat back annoyed not to have got the job.
Then the secretary returned and called Bob out. He entered the room to find that it was
just him and Sandra Jones.


She was sitting in an armchair and got Bob to sit opposite him and told him she had a
few more questions. These turned out to be about his private life and he answered a little
worried, as he was sure these were not the sort of questions relevant to the job. Finally
she said to him, " I like you and the job is yours. However you have to sign a two-year
fully binding contract. We are training you and I do not want you running off with our
secrets!" Bob was jubilant and the thought of getting a real media position and said so.
Sandra smiled and said, " Well you have one more test to pass and the last person refused
it! However let me make it clear Bob you work for me as my deputy assistant. That is the
lowest of the low Bob. Now I make lesbian porn movies but real ones! On my movies the
girls really come my viewers insist! After all a woman knows when a girl is faking it! Any
problems so far?" "No" "Good! Now part of your duties apart from my needs is to ensure
that the actresses are ready to perform. Happy with that?" Bob was confused and looked
blank so she said, "Male porn stars have someone on the set called a fluffer who gets them
hard. Well on my sets its all female apart from one man and his job is to ensure the girls
are wet and eager and sometimes to bring them off. We call him the wetter and that will be
you!" Bob gasped at that and Sandra smiled and said, " Still want the job?" he considered
carefully and realised that this was the only media job he had been offered and that after
two years he would be experienced and able to get another position much easier so he said,
" Yes! But how many and how often?" " Depends on the film and the girls! Most of the
actresses I employ are mainly straight and girls do not push their buttons so you have
too! However that is only part of your duties. You will be trained in all aspects of media
as well by me! Plus baby you have to keep me happy understand!" Bob was confused and then
blushed as he realised what the woman was getting at. However he loved sex and did not
have a girlfriend at the minute and while she was ugly she was a woman so he nodded.
Sandra smiled and said, " Good! Now your final test is to ensure you can do the wetting
part of your duties! You can show me how you give head! Knell and lick me off honey!" And
with that she pulled up her skirt and opened her thighs. Bob gasped at the sight of her
large pale thighs and pussy covered in thick black matted hair. However he knelt and moved
closer. Sandra did not taste over fresh as he got close but he moved closer and gently
extended his tongue and licked her. She moaned and said, " More honey and deeper! I want
to come!" Bob did as she ordered and was soon licking away. Sandra grabbed his head and
pushed him hard against her so her pussy was in his mouth and he licked away as her thick
juices filled his mouth. She came groaning after a few minutes and pushed him away. She
stood and ordered him up saying, " Not bad at all baby! Now sign here honey! You start on
Monday at ten!" Bob signed and when he had signed Sandra pinched his bottom and said, "
Good! I am sure I am going to enjoy working you!" As the happy but slightly confused boy
went home he wondered if she had meant working with him and hoped she had.


He was doubtful but the pleasure of his parents and friends about him getting a proper
media job meant he decided to go ahead. He turned up for work as directed and was sent out
the back and eventually right at the edge of the studios he found a large barn like room.
It had a ladies sign on it and he knocked. Eventually a plump young girl with glasses
opened the door. She smiled at him and said, " Hi you must be Bob. I am Anna the assistant
producer! Sandra is getting the girls ready and explaining the action for today!" Bob went
in with her and she explained that Sandra shot on Monday to Wednesday and then edited it
for the rest of the week sending out a movie a week to her mainly lesbian clientele. They
entered the room and Bob saw two cameras and a large set of two big double beds. Sitting
around fully dressed was six young pretty girls and Sandra who was talking away at them.
Bob and Anna went over and Sandra smiled and said, " Good you found us! Girls say hello to
Bob your wetter!" The girls giggled at that as they said hello and Bob blushed making them
giggle at him even more. Sandra returned to explaining the action that seemed to involve
the girls finding a selection of vibrators and then having an orgy. Bob looked around and
saw sitting another woman. She was gigantic and middle aged and leered at him. Anna told
him that she was Helga and old friend of Sandra's and the unit's chief cameraperson. Then
Sandra said, " Okay girls that's the plot! So get into costume and get ready for action!
We need to get a few hours of filming done today! Bob get them off as well! If the girls
are naked so are you!" Bob gasped at that and them again as the six actresses stripped
smiling at him. Sandra pinched his bottom and said, " All straight so baby they will need
a lot of work! Do not worry latter I will teach you all I know but for this week it is wet
and wetter! Now get them off and try and be hard the girls like to know they have made an
impact!"


Bob blushing removed his clothing and the girls giggled and laughed but worse was
stripping in front of Anna and the gross Helga. The girls got naked and then put on a
select of flimsy nightwear. When Bob was in his boxers he stopped but the girls laughed
and he removed them pleased to find the studio was well heated. His dick was soft but two
of the girls both large breasted slim blondes called Dylan and Sammie moved over and
groped him getting him hard as they smiled at him. Dylan said, " That is better honey I
want to see a hard dick while I am playing the lesbo! Now give me a kiss!" Bob kissed her
red lips and she laughed and pushed him off saying, " No baby you are a wetter when a girl
wants a kiss she wants it on her pussy! Get down on me and lick away honey!" Bob blushed
at her crudeness but knelt and Dylan thrust her pussy onto him and his mouth was forced
onto her shaved fresh pussy. After a couple of minutes her pussy opened and she moaned and
pushed him off saying, " That is enough for now honey but later you can bring me off!" Bob
went to stand but Sammie grabbed him and thrust his head into her shaved tight pussy and
he licked her for a few minutes until she too was open and wet. Then Sandra shouted, "
Okay girls on set for the vibrator finding scene! Helga main camera! Anna dear number two!
Bob check the lights!" Bob gasped and moved to the lights as the girls lounged around on
the bed. Then Sandra called action and the girls pretended to be young college girls in a
strange room looking around and playing with Sammie and Dylan flashing their pussies right
into Anna's camera. Sandra made the girls play this scene three times before moving on to
the next scene that was the discovery of a box of vibrators by the girls. This took six
takes before she was happy with that and by then Bob realised that while this was lesbian
porn Sandra was a perfectionist. In fact he was starting to forget he was naked as he
realised how you made a movie.


Then Sandra said, " Okay ladies scene three is playing with them before we have the
orgy! Bob on set and get the girls ready!" Bob blushed again at that but went forward.
Instantly Tamara seized him she was a tall redhead with large silicon enhanced breasts and
forced to knell and lick her hairless pussy until she was open and wet. She pulled him off
and said, " Nice head boy! You can do me all the way when it is time for my facial!" The
girls giggled and Sasha a dark haired beauty lay back and said, " I agree the only thing I
like about doing these lesbo jobs are the orgasms! Get me real close baby and play with my
tits while you do. " Bob went between her legs and as he licked Sasha he felt his own body
being groped and knew that his dick was excited and close. Sasha pushed him off and was
replaced first by Sammie and then by Dylan before he had the pleasure of Nicole a blonde
silicon enhanced beauty. She got wet very quickly and then he was pushed on the bed by the
girls and then the prettiest of the girls a slim blonde with pert breasts and a lovely
cheer leader smile called Stacy got on him and sat herself on him. He licked her for a
minute until her tight pussy was wet and all the time he felt the girls teasing him. Then
Sandra said, " Three minutes ladies!" And Tamara climbed on him for a few licks to bring
her back to a peak and after her all five girls had a few quick licks. Then Sandra sent
him back to the lights  and he stood embarrassingly aware of his super hard erection. The
girls seemed flushed and excited as they filmed the vibrators in action in long range. The
girls rubbed and played with the vibrators pushing them into themselves and each other and
snogging but it took ten takes before Sandra was satisfied and the girls lost their
excitement and Bob was made to give each of them another licking to open them for action.
As for Bob he was embarrassed and confused but excited by the action and realised it would
be some time before he was able to adopt a professional approach to the filming.


Finally Sandra was happy and told the girls to stop and have lunch. The girls carefully
removed their nighties and dressed to go and eat. Bob moved the lights for the afternoon
close -ups and as he did so Helga moved close. He nearly dropped the light as the massive
woman grabbed his balls and tugged them hard. Sandra laughed and told him, " Helga can be
a little rough Bobbie but you will get used to her! Okay Anna and Helga go and have some
lunch and Anna check the girls stop after three glasses! Bob you stay here and help me
sort out the tapes!" The other two women left and as soon as they were gone Sandra turned
to him and said, " God filming make me randy! I will not eat at lunchtime honey but you
will and guess what you get to eat!" And just in case he had any problems understanding
her she lifted her long skirt and flashed her hairy pussy at him. He went to knell but
instead she made him lie on the bed and she mounted him and rubbed his dick teasing him
close to orgasm with her fingers while three times he brought her to climax. When she was
sated she pulled off him and said, " Very nice honey in a few weeks you will be the world
expert on giving head! Okay lets get these tapes ready we have a busy afternoon getting
the close up come faces! And baby you are going to be real busy! Do not worry about lunch
you can eat supper in my place and really get to know my needs and kinks!" And with that
she was suddenly very professional and ordered Bob to help her sort the studio out moving
cameras and lights until finally she was happy.


Then the girls returned and obviously they had enjoyed quite a lot of wine with their
meal. All six surrounded Bob and groped and kissed him laughing as they got him close to
coming. He was soon the point of shooting when Dylan pinched his balls and told the
others, " Lets keep our baby near! After all we may need his dick latter on!" the girls
laughed and left him as Sandra made them change and then checked that they all looked the
same as they had in the morning. All afternoon they were shooting close ups of the girls
and then these would be cut with the long shots to complete the long first vibrator orgy
scene. The first pair was Dylan and Sammie with the scene being Dylan coming with Sammie
sucking her breasts and pushing a vibrator in and out of her. The other girls sat around
reading magazines or watching as the two girls made out for the cameras. Bob was quickly
on his knees and licked both girls wet as Sandra made them repeat the scene. Dylan was
meant to come but could not quite reach her climax so Sandra ordered Bob to lick her clit.
She stood holding Bob and ready to drag him out of shot as he licked away finding it hard
to lick as Sammie held the pink plastic vibrator in Dylan and licked her breasts. Dylan
started to climax and Sandra threw Bob back so that Anna had a close up of her pussy as
she came while Helga did her face. Then they swapped and Sammie had to come and she
managed it without needing Bob. Tamara and Sasha were next and Bob licked Tamara until she
was flushed and excited and she quickly came on the vibrator snogging Sasha. As for Bob
his jaw hurt and he knew that his dick was getting sore as it had been erect for so long
without relief. Worse he was starting to get pain from his balls and groaned as he
realised that an attack of the blue balls was imminent. Sasha lay on the bed and ordered
Bob to lick her out and as he did so Tamara kissed her and played with his dick and balls.
Sasha made him move so she to could grab his groin and he licked away as the two girls
teased and played with him. He was pleased moaning into Sasha's wet pussy as he was played
with and eager for release. However Sandra was having none of it and ordered the girls not
to bring him off pointing out that come would ruin the picture as it was meant to be all
girls. Sasha got close and again he was pulled off as the vibrator was rammed up her by
Tamara as Sasha screamed in loud orgasm. Bob was feeling seriously frustrated as Stacy and
Nicole lay down.


Nicole was to come first and she demanded Bob massaged her boobs and pussy as she lay
smiling. Bob groaned as Stacy grabbed his dick saying, " I will hold this while he works
you hot dear! After all we would not want an accident and I am an expert at cockteasing!"
Bob shuddered at that as Stacey carefully dragged him close. However Nicole demanded his
tongue and he licked first her round soft breasts and then her pussy all the time fully
aware that Stacey had him a few touches from a mind-blowing orgasm. Nicole got close and
again he was pushed off, as she was finished for the cameras with a vibrator. Bob stood
humiliatingly frustrated sharp pains coming from his balls as pre-come slipped out of his
dick. He knew Stacey was going to be the worse and shuddered as she lay her super sexy
body back and said, " A tongue can get me close honey but my pussy needs a bit of screwing
to bring me there! However baby if you come in me you will ruin the shot so get yourself
unexcited for me!" "How?" "Easy!" And she lent forward and grabbed his balls. Before Bob
could react the minx had yanked and twisted them in her strong grip and he screamed and
fell bent double to the floor as the girls laughed at his distress. Sandra just glared at
him and ordered him up telling him that in this business time was money. Stacey lay back
legs apart and smiled a wicked smile at him as he staggered towards her. Bob groaned in
pain but his dick was still virtually fully hard so teased had he been by the girls. Stacy
pulled him on and in to her and her gasped at her wet tightness on his shaft. However as
she wiggled and groaned under him the pain from his bruised balls stopped his excitement
growing until after a few minutes he felt he was getting near and no pain could stop him.
Then Stacey shouted "Now!" and he was pulled out as Nicole moved and quickly replaced him.
Dylan pinched his balls and smiled as Stacey eyes closed exploded on the vibrator. Then
Stacey smiled at him and said, "I am a real tease honey! But that was a nice one!"


Sandra then said, "Okay girls all on set and get busy I want some group shots! Bob move
the lights and then get the girls wet again!" The girls laughed at that as Bob lugged the
lights back and then the girls pulled him over and pushed him on the bed. Sammie said, "
We all loved the scene with Stacey so honey lick us wet while we tease you!" Bob gasped as
Nicole mounted him and thrust her shaved pussy onto him and he felt soft female fingers
grab his dick. For nearly ten minutes the girls had turns on his face as they teased him
and by the time they were ready he had a tired jaw and a sore highly frustrated dick. This
scene was the end of the vibrator bang and the girls were all on one bed moaning around
and stroking each other and sticking vibrators in. It took ages before Sandra was happy
and then she said, " Okay girls now stay in places I want a couple more orgasms to finish
this off! Any volunteers?" " Me!" said Sammie, " But only if Bob does me!" " Okay! Get
busy Bob!" "Okay honey come over here and honey I loved the way you did Stacey so you can
do me the same!" The girls laughed at that as Bob frustrated and humiliated stared at the
laughing girls. He knew he could not love Sammie for a second without coming and decided
just to do it and enjoy her. However the girls realised this and as he approached he was
pushed on the bed and Sasha climbed on his face saying, " I will come as well honey!" Then
as the camera moved in on the girls faces Sammie got on him but before her hot pussy
engulfed him he gasped as he felt a strong female hand grab his balls. He moaned as Sammie
engulfed him and he heard Stacey say, " No problem about him coming when I feel his balls
about to give I will give them a good hard tug!"  He started to lick Sasha as Sammie
ravished him and as he expected he was soon highly close. However just as he relaxed into
a mind-blowing orgasm Stacey twisted and yanked his balls hard and he screamed into
Sasha's wet excited pussy. Sammie laughed and carried on riding him and then was ordered
by Sandra to wait as Sasha exploded on him. Then as she got off him it was Sammie's turn
to ride to orgasm on him and she climaxed screaming and shouting with pleasure as he lay
his balls raw with pain under her. Worse Tamara wanted to come and mounted him and soon he
was getting excited again. He could still feel his balls in Stacey's hand and moaned as he
felt his orgasm drawing close and then screamed loudly as again his world turned red with
pain. However in another minute as he lay his eyes full of tears Tamara orgasmed on him.


The girls got off him and Sandra ordered him up saying, " We need to change the set for
the bedroom masturbation scenes!" Bob groaned at that but helped by Anna and Helga he got
to work. He was standing close to Helga when she suddenly grabbed his balls and squeezed
them. He cursed and jumped and she glared and told him to shut up. Sandra came over and
when she heard what had happened said, " Do not be stupid Bob! It is difficult for Helga
to watch all this hot sex without getting excited you should show her more care! Helga do
you want him? Excellent! Okay Bob go with her to the store room and lick her off!" Bob
moaned at that but Helga grabbed his arm and steered him off past the laughing girls who
were changing their make up and clothing. They got to a storeroom and Helga sat on a box
and tugged a massive pair of white panties off and then opened her legs and pointed to her
pussy. Bob groaned but knelt and approached the massive ugly women worrying about what
further humiliations he could suffer. He gasped, as he was close as her pussy stank but
before he could move the giant woman grabbed his head and rammed it into her hairy smelly
snatch. Bob choked but knew he had to please her and extended his tongue and found her. He
licked away and soon her thick juices flooded his face. Luckily it did not take her long
to come but after a few seconds she rammed him back and he realised with a groan she was
multi-orgasmic. Indeed it was twenty long minutes before after five more orgasms the woman
was sated and let him stagger away.


He went back out to find the next set was up. However the girls grabbed him and Sammie
teased his dick in her hand and said, " You have licked a lot it is your turn now!" he
gasped as she dropped to her knees and took him into her warm mouth. However in under a
minute as he moaned near to orgasm she let him go and pinched his balls saying, " God you
are easy to fool! Okay on set with me I want you to get me off!" he moaned and followed
his balls aching now more from his frustration than from Stacey. Sammie sat legs apart and
played with herself and then ordered Bob to lick her wet. Then she rubbed her open pussy
some more for the camera before calling Bob back to lick her to the point of orgasm. Then
once more he was pushed away as for the camera she finished herself off. It was the same
with each of the other five girls as each masturbated for the camera. Then Sandra ordered
Bob and Anna to tidy up and the girls' left to dress with Sandra telling them to be back
in thirty minutes. Bob helped Anna and was suddenly blushing as he realised his frustrated
dick was stuck hard. Anna smiled at him and said, " Tough work being a wetter! You have
done well some of the professional gigolo's we have used have broken by now! Still it is
only six girls this week and they are quite relaxed! Still all we have to do is record the
sound of them coming now!" "Oh no!" "Yes! More licking Bob! However darling you have not
licked me so while we are alone how about lying on that bed and bringing me off? If you do
me well I will blow you in return! Deal?" Bob was so frustrated he nodded and lay on the
bed and Anna removed her small tiny black panties and hitched up her skirt and mounted
him. He licked her hairy but clean and tiny pussy and soon she was open and wet and
moaning above him. He concentrated as best his tired tongue would let him hoping to make
her happy so she would give him his release and after a few minutes she exploded screaming
with pleasure on him. He hoped it was his turn but his heart dropped as he heard Sammie
say, " Very nice! Okay Anna move over I want to get wet!" The Anna climbed off and Sammie
wearing a dress but no knickers climbed on him. He pleasured her and heard the others
returning. Sandra made them stop and wired Sammie up for sound and then ordered Bob to
bring her off and soon he had her screaming in orgasm. After that he pleasured each of the
other five girls in turn finishing with the sexy sadistic Stacey. By the end his mouth and
jaw ached and worse his dick had remained stubbornly hard. The girls had teased him as he
pleasured them and when finally Stacey got off him he lay groaning at the pain from his
balls.


The girls had gone but Bob was not finished as the massive Helga mounted him and forced
him to pleasure her twice before giving his balls a painful tug and leaving. Then Anna sat
on the bed and gently stroked his dick smiling as it got hard and said, " Being the wetter
is a tough job but you are doing well! Now some advice honey today had been a day of
teasing but tomorrow will be Dylan and Sammie's turn and those two babies will drain you
empty for a laugh! They all know that you are spending the night with Sandra as she was
known as the pussy grinder because of the way she could drain a man when she was younger
and rumour says she is even worse now! Still have fun and I will see you tomorrow and your
tongue can please me then but I want to be nice and hot for my girlfriend so bye for now!"
Bob moaned as with a final sexual twist of his shaft she left him and finally he was
alone. He lay shattered and thinking he was alone his hand moved to his frustrated dick
but before he could come Sandra appeared. She smiled and said, " Cannot wait? You have
done well honey! Get dressed you are spending the night with me and we will deal with your
little problem!" "The night with you?" "Oh yes baby read your contract you work for me
24/7 making me happy! And remember honey it is two years non-breakable contract! So get
dressed and let us go and eat!" Bob moaned but dressed and then followed the amazon out.


She took him to an expensive restaurant and talking about filming all meal. Bob was
fascinated by her talk of making moves and realised that he could really learn the
business from her. Finally she stopped and her foot moved onto his groin and he moaned at
her touch. She smiled and said, " Being a wetter can be so frustrating baby! Still I know
a solution to that so lets go to bed!" They left and in the taxi she forced him to kiss
her while she groped him and Bob was aware of the smiles of the taxi driver at him being
used by an older tougher woman. They got to her flat a very posh upmarket penthouse and
went in. Sandra steered him to her bedroom and ordered him to strip. When he was naked she
rubbed his dick smiling she moaned with soreness and frustration and said, " Have a shower
honey and then we can go to bed!" Bob did as she ordered and when he got back to the large
bedroom he gasped as she was sitting wearing a long silk robe. She smiled at him and said,
" You look lovely naked honey when you are with me I want you naked at all times! Now the
girls have being playing tricks with you all day and not letting you come! Let me help you
and honey I think you are a tit man so how about giving these a load?" And she opened her
gown so he could see her large flabby breasts. He moved closer and Sandra grabbed his dick
and as it hardened in her hand placed it between her big fat orbs and gently rubbed it in.
Bob moaned at the softness of her flesh and knew he was soon going to come. Sandra smiled
as she watched him groan and then as he screwed her breasts she moved so his dick was
fully surrounded and then laughed our loud as with a scream he climaxed between them. Bob
screamed as he came as his blue balls released as much come as they had left and the world
spun. Sandra pushed him onto the bed and onto his back and smiled down at the shattered
boy and said, " That seemed like fun honey! However you have made my tits messy so get
them clean!" And draped a large breast into his sore open mouth. Bob did as the amazon
ordered and licked both her massive breasts clean. As he licked Sandra took his dick in
her strong hand and wanked him hard. He moaned at that as after being teased all day his
dick was sore and one orgasm was all that he wanted. However he could not resist as his
mistress mounted him and ravished him in her strong pussy. He lay supine under her moaning
with exhaustion as she powerfully rode him. For thirty minutes she ravished him coming six
times until suddenly he came as well screaming at the pain from his balls on orgasm. He
passed out but awoke with a groan to find Sandra still on him and still riding him and he
realised that the amazon was going to give him no rest or mercy. She rode him for another
hour and then he had another empty coming and nothing could wake him.


He was woken in the morning by Sandra who said, " Up and shower honey we have a movie
to make! Today we are doing the big shower bang scene so you are going to have to do a lot
of wetting as the shower dries the girls out! In fact sexy the girls frequently need a
hard dick to get them ready so I hope your stick has refreshed itself! Give me a feel! Yes
I think that is going up! Yes it is! Oh stop moaning baby it will feel a lot worse by the
end of the day!" Bob groaned and got up his jaw ached and his balls and dick throbbed from
yesterday. He groaned and said, " At least we only film on Monday to Wednesday so I get
some time off!" Sandra pushed him down and said, " I want you to screw me before we go!"
And rammed him in. Then as she rode him she gripped his nipples and smiled and said, "
Actually honey that is not fully true! Today is the shower orgy and tomorrow is the final
big bang! But on Thursday afternoon after editing all morning I audition for next week and
guess what honey you have to give each girl head so I can see if they orgasm well!" "What"
"Oh yes! Actually it is getting to be a problem because the girls know they get head last
time I had forty turn up! Still I am sure you will be able to cope! As for Friday you will
need all your energy for the weekend party for the company! As the only wetter you spend
it in the ladies giving head all night! And at the weekend you get me all weekend so honey
you can expect to be busy! Still that is the life of a porn star wetter!" Bob shuddered
and groaned as his mistress rode him her massive breasts bouncing around and he knew he
was trapped to lick and lick.


The start/end.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  neverman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





