BDSM Library - South American trouble




South American trouble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of english journalist Catherine Parker, who is on assigment in South American only to taken prisoner by the new goverement and taken to their new special facility!






Story submission from John - aka rubadub 

Catherine Parker is employed by a leading English newspaper, working as a journalist for special features. Based in London for the last few years she has come up through the ranks to become a valued member of her team, and regularly is given international assignments on behalf of the paper.

She is 5 foot 4, 28 years old,38 D-21 -36, pretty with long blonde hair, always admired by her male fellow worker&#8217;s. but never romances in the office, nicknamed by many around the office as the pocket rocket. 

She has been given a special assignment to travel to South America and report back on the progress of the new regime / government in Costa Vezeula. At her briefing before leaving London, her editor made it clear that she should be very careful whilst in the country, whilst appearing as fairly stable, the new dictatorship which overthrew the last government is reported to be not so squeaky clean as they would like the western world to think. She was given a travelling companion, Mark Burroughs, an international reporter, their brief was to arrive in the country and stay for a week, when asked the reason for travel they were to readily admit their journalistic links, saying they were reporting on the travel features section for their newspaper for a special section in the Sunday magazine on South American travel destinations. This should give them the necessary freedom to move around and do a bit of snooping on the new regime.

Catherine and Mark arrived in Costa Vezeula after a comfortable flight, they even scored an upgrade to business class. They did their journalist routine at the immigration desk at the airport and caught a taxi to there down town hotel, on the way in they passed a military / air force installation, Catherine could not help but take a few quick snap shots of the impressive military hardware on display on the other side of the barbed wire fence, just to her mind seemed to be a bit fancy for a country not at war?

Settling in and making their first stop an evening meal out in one of the cities entertainment spots. Taking the opportunity to cover their tracks , they did a fair amount of photography, checked out a few restaurants and night clubs, taking a few rolls of film in the process.

For there next couple of days Catherine and Mark, did the tourist reporter thing to a tee, visiting with the cities tourism centre and gaining interviews with tourism officials, and receiving entrees to all of the cities tourist attractions. They felt in no danger and they were well on track to write an impressive piece on their return. They also had an ideal way in which to do a little snooping of their own via the entrees they had been given. One of these was to attend an expats community lunch at the government's residence, the national building set in parklands in the city centre. The lunch was a relaxed cordial affair, they met with many of the western locals, and conversations got around to items of interest to their journalistic minds, many of the expats talked of money laundering, and how the ports of the country were supposedly used for cocaine smuggling, and indeed how a few people in the community had gone missing without trace. No facts but lots of interesting material.

On the 5th day of their stay, Catherine decided to take a harbour cruise, Mark had complained of being a bit hangover from the previous nights activities and opted out fearing seasickness, a half day excursion out and about on the beautiful harbour and surrounds, and a great opportunity to take a detailed look at the traffic in the port, she was able to roll off 5 rolls of film during this excursion, she saw what she thought was inaaprioate activity for a commercial port, gunboats openly patrolling, a fair contingent of naval vessels and crew, and a mixture of vessels from all over the world, ummmh show thought ideal situation to smuggle cocaine out of the country all under the watch of the government via its naval presence, it did seem to be adding up this story line.

She got back to the hotel late afternoon, and after a busy day was preparing to take a siesta, Mark was not around. After being in around 15 minutes there was a loud knock at the hotel suite door, opening the door she was confronted with three local military men. 

We are from the government offices and are here to ask you to come with us to answer some questions on your activities here during your stay. Catherine was wary but felt she really had no option but to go with them, they treated here cordially and escorted her down to a waiting limousine at the hotel front ddor, I guess the look of the limo calmed her a little, if they meant trouble she did not think they would turn up in a limo.

She was driven to a government office adjacent to the residence that she had been in a few days back for lunch. Asked to follow the men she was taken to a large well appointed office in the main building, after being left alone for around 10 mins, a senior officer came in and sat down behind his desk.

Miss&nbsp; Parker thank you for coming down at such short notice, we have a few concerns about your stay with us here in our country that we need to get resolved. The official went on to say that she was not under arrest and that she had nothing to fear, however whilst they conducted few investigations she needed to stay on these premises, perhaps some tea in our library would be in order?

Catherine was escorted to a palatial library and was instructed to remain in the room, which she noticed had a guard posted at the doorway until they had completed the investigation, around 15 minutes later she was delivered a lovely afternoon tea. 

She stayed in the library for over 4 hours, Unbeknown to her the authorities were in her hotel room ransacking the room and going through her personal possessions, they removed some all of the roles of film, and some personal diaries and travel logs. 

Eventually she was called back to the office she had been in earlier, by this time although she had been well looked after she was apprehensive about the days events.

Entering the room, she again was addressed by the senior official from earlier, however another three men were also in the room.Miss Parker he began, regretfully we seem to have stumbled across some rather disturbing information this afternoon, we have conducted a search of your hotel room and have developed some film whilst you have been enjoying your afternoon tea. And well Miss parker what we have found has left us with no other action then to say you are under arrest.

Catherine was now very worried, they showed her the developed film, with pics of military installations, the naval patrols on the harbour and all the boats, plus various pics of government buildings and related materials, they also showed her a small envelope of white powder saying this was found in your room, it is illegal to have drugs in your possession in our country.

She now felt quite sick ,the drugs had been planted, she tried to remain calm and talk her way out of this predicament, but to no avail

They advised her that her colleague had also been arrested on his return to the hotel, around an hour earlier.

Miss Parker we are a fair country, you will be kept in one of our local police stations lock ups until your trial which is set down for 2 days time, they also told her that they were alerted to her taking pictures of the military facilities close to the airport by the taxi driver who became wary and picked up a handsome reward for his efforts, she should be more careful, they had had the pair of them followed since their first morning in the country.

She was driven to a local police station, where all of her personal possessions were taken from her, they refused her demands to make a phone call or see a lawyer, stating you have been arrested in our country your laws do not apply. 

Taken to the back of the station she was marched into a cell, and the door was closed behind her. The cell was fairly comfortable, with a proper bed , a washbasin, toilet and a chair. The door was made of steel bars and looked out onto a courtyard, show could hear other people in the other cells that ringed the courtyard.

Over the next two days, she endured the heat of the cell, she was dressed in the same slacks and casual polo shirt that she had worn when she went sightseeing on the harbour. 

All of her requests to be allowed to speak with Mark, or make a phone call where denied.At around 10 on the second morning of her confinement show was taken from her cell. This time they applied a set of metal leg irons with a connecting chain to her wrist cuffs, these were padlocked in place, transportation restraints they told her, necessary to resist any chance of escape. She felt ashamed when they placed these devices on her, however as she was driven through the streets to the court room she also felt a certain sexual energy fro being restrained like this, show tried to fight this urge off, feeling strange that such a sensation should come over her at a time like this, but she felt her pussy becoming increasingly wet.

At the court house she was firmly marched straight into a large court room and placed in a security cage here restraints were not removed as she was forced to stand in front of the judge restrained in a metal cage.

The judge began by explaining that show had been arrested as a result of possession of drugs and it would appear she was not here in this country to write a travel story but rather to snoop around and play detective on his countries government.

She denied all allegations, saying that she had not been given any normal privileges such as a phone call or contact with her country or place of work. The judge advised he had no interest in her pleas, she is subject to the laws of his country and they could choose to do whatever they chose.

The judge said he finds her guilty as charged and would now deliver the courts decisions in a case of this nature.

He went on to say that she was to be given three choices, a very fair arrangement under the circumstances, were he felt no choice she be given she should have been locked up straight away, no questions asked, however the government had their laws and he was bound to administer them.

The three choices were


Pay a fine of UKL500,000, this could not be made by a private organisation only by her government, upon payment of this fine she would be free to go.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 

Receive a prison sentence of not less than 15 years.



Spend six months at a special facility of the government.


Standing in the humiliating cage, with a full public gallery looking on, the judge told her she had 5 minutes with which to make her decision. or he would make it for her.

She went over the three options in her head, she asked questions relating to the choices, she was refused information on any. She knew full well that the British government would not pay ransom money, they do not deal with countries that they regard as radical or with terrorist links in this way, And they will only accept a payment from her government, so the paper could not help here. 

15 years in jail! She knew that the facilities would be harsh and there was no way she would survive that amount of time locked away. It only seemed to leave the last option, but what did they mean, spend six months at a special facility run by the government?

The judge advised her time was up, what is your decision he asked. She said I find it very hard to make a decision as I have done no wrong and do not feel I should be treated in this way, stubbornly she said my decision is that you should release me and allow me to return to my country.

The judge laughed, speaking again he said, In the case of Costa Vezeula against Catherine Parker, I find you guilty as charged and my decision is that you will spend 8 months in the government special facility, I give you the extra months as you were not able to make a decision and you were insolent to the court, take her away.

Oh my god Catherine thought, I am in trouble now, anguish and fear gripped her body, the cage was opened and two guards hauled her roughly out , she stumbled in her restraints as they dragged her to a small door at the back of the court which lead into a&nbsp; staircase leading down to the holding cells. Slapping her across the face they shoved her into a tiny cell, no bigger than a cupboard with stone walls and floor, they attached her leg irons to a bolt in the floor and pocked the heavy steel door shut, It was hot and nearly pitch dark in her smelly cell.

Three hours must have passed until they opened her cell again, they advised her she was to be transported to the special facility that night, it was a 10-12 hour drive and she was to be prepared for her journey straight away, unlocking her from the bolt they stood her up and marched her to an anti room, the room was stark it contained a wooden chair and a small cupboard and had a large metal bowl on the floor. 

The two guards who had taken her from the cell told removed her restraints and told her to strip, Catherine refused there request, one of the guards forced her over the chair,&nbsp; he ripped of her expensive linen slacks and pulled off her little white g string, reaching into the cupboard he pulled out a&nbsp; large riding crop and began to savagely beat her buttocks and legs.

Flinching in pain from this sudden onslaught, she gulped and began to remove her clothing, She huddled there whilst they told her what was in store for her. The facility was located in the high mountains, around 10 hours drive from the city. It was a fortified single building, purpose built for the senior officials of the Coasta Vezeula government. 

Escape was impossible, she would spend 8 months in the facility being trained as a plaything for the exclusive use of the officials. She should expect to be degraded and humiliated during her stay, and would discover such delights as bondage, punishment, sensory depravation, confinement and any other activities that the men or woman choose to do to her. Failure to comply would bring hard and long pushment, and an extension to her stay. These very two gurards were trying to get a transfer to the staff of the facility so that they too could enjoy the perverse pleasures of sluts such as her they told her.

She was told that she would now be readied for her journey, they placed the metal bowl on the floor and told her to empty herself of any waste before the journey, Catherine was reluctant to be forced to urinate an defecate in a metal bowl before these&nbsp; two thugs, a few lashes over her body from the crop soon changed her mind. 

She was told that she would be transported to the fascilty in a special transport vehicle, she would be restrained during the journey, it would be very hot but water would be provided to her, finishing her embarrassing toilet regime she was thrown a pair do pants to wear during the journey,

One of the men said put them on bitch, we do not want to have to clean up your filth at the the other end. The pants were made of a very thick and heavy rubber, bloomer in cut, they had obviously been used before, she slipped in to them, immediately she could feel their heaviness making her sweat, she felt very humiliated to be made to wear these pants. They came up to just under her breasts and they were locked in place with small padlocks.

She felt so ashamed and embarrassed, but also she could not fight off the effects of being sexually charged as well during this whole experience. They opened the door at the back of the anti rooms and dragged her out into the courtyard, nude but with the humiliating rubber pants bound to her. A van sat in the middle of the yard, she was led to the back and the door was opened, Inside sat a huge chair, a bit like an electric chair, with leather restraints all over it. The back of the van was actually just a metal box with the chair inside, she realised what they were going to do with her. 

She was sat in the chair and the guards began to strap her in for her journey, she was secured at her ankles, knees, waist, breasts and her arms where strapped to the arms of the chair, a large metal collar was passed around her neck and attached to the back of the chair by ring bolts, effectively causing her head to stay in the one position, a drinking tube was pulled down from the roof of the van which was attached to a water canister, they advised her that once they closed the door of the van she would be in virtual darkness, the van had a few ventilation slits, but effectively she had been secured inside a small metal crate for her journey. 

The guards told her to drink in moderation as she needed to make the water last, the pants that she had been placed in where now making her sweat profusely, she could feel the trickles of water begin to form into as pool around her bottom cheeks and her pussy was wet and itchy.The guards also said she would have no contact with anyone during her journey, if she needed to relieve herself then that is why she had been fitted into the special pants, the doors closed and the van started, It was early evening and the last rays of sun poked an errie light through the ventilation slits.

The journey ended up taking 13 hours, Catherine arrived after taking fitful sleeps, sore and tight from being jolted around in the metal crate that had been her prison for the last 13 hours, she was covered in sweat and quite weak, her water had run out and she had pissed inside her rubber pants. The van stopped and a few moments later the doors to the van suddenly opened, early morning sunshine filled the metal crate, the air was hot and humid, one of the guards welcomed her to her new home, in his hand he held a hose, he said it stinks in here I need to hose you down, turning on the spray he began to hose down her body as she remained retrained in her chair. After a few minutes of being hosed she was released from the chair and pulled out of the van, she looked around and saw that she was in a courtyard surrounded on three sides by white high walls, one door on the left and a metal roller&nbsp; door where the van had obviously driven her in.

Feeling weak she was helped to the door and pushed through into a hall with many doors leading off to various rooms, when inside a woman in a military uniform said welcome Catherine Parker to our special facility, from now on you will be known as 4724, not by your real name, Now lets get you settled in here 4724 she said.&nbsp; 

Grabbing her wrists she placed a solid pair of hand cuffs on her and marched her down the corridor to a room, the room was tiled completely in white with a shower bay in one corner, 4724 was hooked by her cuffs to a chain above the shower stall and her pants were then unlocked and pulled from her, she was scrubbed clean with a large brush roughly across her wholebody, showered down and dried off with a large towel. the woman then went over a a cupboard and got out a stencil kit, with the numbers 4724 property of government of Costa Vezeula. Deftly applying the stencil to her back she rubbed a black market over the stencil and left her marking at the top of the back, repeating the excersize she was also stencilled at the top of her breasts.

She was then fitted with a leather belt around her waist, thick leather cuffs at her ankles and wrists and a leather collar around her neck. All of these items were then padlocked onto her body. A loose hessian type short dress was placed on her, barely covering her private parts, her belt could be accessed through the dress by means of small openings.

As it was now around 10 in the morning she said she would be taken for a late breakfast before a meeting with the head of staff and an introduction.

She was taken to the main dining area, seated in a chair with leg restraints and an attachment that hooked to her waist belt suitably restraining her. the food was a suprise, fresh fruit, yoghurt, walnuts, juice toast and coffee! She was the only one eating, although the room could easily hold many more dinners, she noted all the chairs were the same regulation restraint devices.

After breakfast she was freed and a new male guard escorted here through the corridors to a large office, on the way she noted various rooms with noises coming from them, noises she thought in many cases sounded like pleasure and some pain?

Opening the door to the office she was inside a well appointed office, sitting behind the desk to her suprise was a woman, she had some how expected the chief of staff to be a&nbsp; male.

She was seated by the guard in a comfortable chair in front of the woman, the woman told the guard that the restraining devices did not need to be applied, and he could wait outside the office.

Catherine looked up at the chief of staff, a well presented woman in her forties with a elegant yet commanding stature about her. She was told that she had been sent to this facility as a guest of the Costa Vezeula government, and as her stencils displayed also the property off. 

The facility was in fact no more than an adult playground, devised by the more kink related heads of government for their own pleasure, she was told that the dictator of the country himself was one of the major players in this regard.Often visiting for days of fun.

Your&nbsp; stay with us will not always be a comfortable one 4724, you will be well fed at all times to keep up your health and fitness (Unless we choose otherwise as a punishment) You are now ours to do with as we see fit, you will be a sexual plaything and also a toy to be used for humiliation and punishment, at times we will test your limits, good behaviour will not be rewarded however bad behaviour will. 

Just so you are aware, the facility only accepts female inmates, we usually have around 25 at a time, mostly locals, however you are joining another 4 western inmates at the present time.

You have enjoyed a full breakfast this morning 4724, together with a full wash after your somewhat long and uncomfortable journey to join us, regretfully as a introduction to our facilities, I have decided that you need to learn a little self discipline and I am going to subject you to 3 days in solitary confinement as special way way of saying welcome. Your stay will start as soon as you leave this office. That is all 4724, goodbye and good luck.

4724 was dragged away from the office, along one of the many corridors, opening a door she was taken down a long stone path that seemed to go to an underground cellar beneath the facility. At the bottom, where more doors, these doors all lead 4724 to underground sensory depravation pits, we have 4 in total she was told, at the present time 1 is in use occupied by one of your fellow countrymen, pit # 2 will be your home for the next 3 days. 

Opening the door to the pit # 2 she again descended a damp stone stairwell, arriving at the bottom stood a metal cage hovering over a dark and dusty hell hole, she immediately released her predicament. The guard opened the cage door, and took off&nbsp; her dress, stepping inside the cage she could either stand or sit on a small wooden bench, her cuffs were attached to chains which allowed for some movement, the same occurred to her ankles, her waist belt was not attached. the door to the cage closed and locked, and immediately she sensed movement as the cage was descending into the pit, cutting out light and leaving no space, the pit stank and was clammy and damp, once the cage hit the floor at the bottom a little water raised itself into the bottom of the cage and a metal grate was secured over the top, effectively cutting out all light and leaving a small hole for air.

She wondered how she would be able to endure 3 days in this place. Sleep was fitful, she had no idea of time, she was uncomfortable and hot, she sweated profusely and occasionally she felt a bug or insect crawl on her skin, when she needed to relieve herself she had no option but to add to the ghastly smelling water that resided at the bottom of her cage. She cried and trieed to keep her sanity by singing and talking to herself, a few times during her confinement the grate opened and water was thrown in, the few times this happened most just fell over her body but occasionally she got enough to gulp and help her tinder dry throat. After a while she passed out a few times, eventually the gate was removed and the cage was brought back to the surface, the chief of staff was there to greet her, telling 4724 that she had only endured 24 hours in the pit, to do 3 days would actually probably kill her. 

She was released, cleaned up and placed back in her restraints. and taken back to the main facility where for the first time she had contact with other inmates, she was shown her quarters, an oval shaped room with 4 cells all facing into the middle area, which was affixed with a whipping pole and a pair of stocks.

Clean and refreshed she was told she had missed breakfast but could recuperate in her cell and a meal would be brought to her. Her cell was about 12 foot deep and 5 foot wide, bars at the front, a toilet at the back, desk and chair and a mattress covered with as rubber sheet and pillow.The other cells were all occupied, two by local women who did not speak English and the other by a tanned Australian girl, who said she was 19 and her name was Becky, she had been in the facility for 4 out of a 5 month sentence, for stealing in the city markets.&nbsp; 

Becky proved to be a mine of information, she briefly went over some of the perversities that she had to endure, confinement, punishments and being used as a sex toys. 

Catherine listened she was embarrassed to admit that the descriptions that becky came up with where in fact really turning her on, she did not quite understand how and why, but the whole thing was making her as horny as all hell and very wet.

A meal was delivered, sandwiches, fruit and milk. The other girls were collected by guards and taken away, 4724 was left for the afternoon to rest, she fell to a deep sleep.

She awoke to the sound of becky being placed in the stocks outside her cell by a woman guard, becky had been locked in the stocks by her neck and hands in the nude and her feet were hobbled into the wooden blocks that struck out from the bottom of the frame. The guard roughly began to whip her back, arse and legs.

Catherine again got really turned on by watching this display of power, she was captivated by the sight of young becky being degraded in this way, and she secretly longed to be in her place. 

When the whipping had finished and becky was placed in her cell, she asked what it was she had done wrong, becky explained that one of the older real sadistic male guards had ordered her to lay on the dungeon&#8217;s rack whilst he fucked her and she had refused. Not only had she been fucked by this disgusting filthy smelly man, but she had also endured the whipping as a further punishment and would now be left chained to her mattress for 2 days.

Catherine decided that she needed to do something to be disciplined like becky, she knew her chance would come.

Nightfall came and the lights went out, the other girls had been returned to their cells and the night closed in, Catherine slept to wild dreams of bondage and discipline, she could not help but masturbate 3 times during the night.

At around 7 the next morning two guards arrived and shackled the 4 girls together and lead then down to the dining room on a long chain for breakfast. They were restrained in their dining chairs as before, the room slowly filled up with other inmates, talking was denied at meal times. 

Catherine saw this as her chance, after enjoying most of her breakfast she leant around and asked becky if she wanted some of her fruit. Immediately a guard came up to her and slapped her across the face, reminding her of her pledge of silence, Catherine spat at his face.

This seemed to do the trick, she was immediately released and dragged away from the room along a corridor to where she knew some of the punishment rooms were located.

How dare you spit in a guards face you bitch he said, we will teach you better manners and remind you that talking is not allowed. She was shoved roughly into a room, a wooded frame was the dominating feature, her restraints were attached to chains all around the frame and then one by one they were all tightened, stretching her body at all angles, once she was sufficiently tight a collar was placed on her, then a large blow up gag was placed in her mouth, a strap ran around her head fitting the pump snugly, then a rubber mast was pulled down over the top, the pump was being blown up and filling her cheeks. She could not move and her sensations where cut off, she was in heaven, an orgasm swept across her whole body as the guard began to whip her every piece of skin.

Catherine was screaming through her gag and rubber mask, FUCK ME FUCK ME NOW PLEASE, she screamed as the guard continued to whip her bare arse, eventually her screams seemed to attract his attention and he stopped, leaning over her head mask she heard her whimper, please fuck me here and now I want to be fucked long and deep.

The guard needed no further enticement, even though he did not speak English he understood the word fuck well enough. He reached down and pulled his erect emeber out of his ants and slowly began to push it deep inside her wet and dripping pussy, taking her again to the point of orgasm, he continued to push in and out whilst whipping her at the same time, she cried out harder, whip me harder I need it it, I love it, as she again exploded in an uncontrollable orgasm. 

TBC
 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rubadub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





