BDSM Library - An unsual Indian saga




An unsual Indian saga
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A dominating Indian male discovers that he\'s actually submissive. The story depicts the turns of events in his life and how his mother and sister are eventually dragged into it.






An unsual Indian saga by Masala



This is purely a work of fiction.

M+/m, M+/f, incest, humiliation



A dominating male discovers that he's actually submissive. The story depicts the turns of events in his life.



I'm not gay. Never was. But one stupid drunken internet chat changed all that. I look back at how it all started and feel the shame even today. How I got carried away and ended up being a sub to a dominating man. Even getting my family involved in it.



A year back I was happy. I had a pretty girlfriend. A good business. A loving family. In other words a perfect life. I live in Bombay, the city of dreams.

Porn is easily accessible here and hence I'd seen almost all forms of it. Straight, gay, animals, BDSM...Life was good.



Then one night I had a fight with my gf, Pooja. I came to know from friends that she was cheating on me with another friend of mine, Ramesh. Although this was the most common way of betrayal, I never thought it would happen to me. I confronted her. She blankly refused. After exchanging bitter words we broke off. I called he a bitch and many other insulting names. She didnt cry, instead abused me saying that I wasnt fit for a relationship even with a man. Challenging a man's manhood is the worst thing a woman can do and hence I got pissed and slapped her. She fell to the ground and started crying. I left her apartment.



Back home I was feeling sad and depressed. My relationship of 2 years had ended. And ended bitterly. I opened a scotch and gulped down a few pegs. I received a call from my friend Ramesh. He threatened to take action on me for slapping Pooja. I told him to fuck off and do whatever he wants and hanged up. A few more pegs later, I got online for checking my mail. I gulped a few more pegs. I couldnt focus, the things Pooja said kept ringing in my head. Was it true? What rubbish, it can never be.



I decided to still test it. Being a strong dominating male of 85 kgs, I was quite confident of my sexuality. Metrosexual? Not even near. I logged on to gay.com 'cause that's the one that appeared first on my google search. I wasn't interested in which site I logged on, I just wanted to prove Pooja wrong. Just a quick test and I would be out of there. Or so I thought.



Since I wasn't serious I just typed, bombay_stud in the Bombay room in the Asia section. I tried to log in. It said name already taken. I tried bombay_stud1, was available, I entered. There were 10 people there. Many had funny names. I chatted with many, all turned out to be bottoms, I was feeling confident. Ya they can suck my cocks all that they want. No, I wasnt being gay but just the feeling that guys begging to suck my 7" cock was an empowering. I was about to log off when I saw the name bombay_stud. Ya some stud. Must be a cock hungry sub like the rest of them, I thought.

I clicked his name and typed "u suck?".

For a while there was no response, then he typed "Do u think all are fags here? I just come here for fun". I quickly appologised and we started talking. He seemed to be a nice guy. He told me about himself. Manoj, 38 yrs old, living in Bombay, 6'2" tall, well built, recently divorced etc.

I too told him about me, Vinay, 28 yrs old, also living in Bombay, 5'8"' tall etc.

We swapped phone numbers and logged out.



Next week went by in a flash. Work, work and more work. Then on Saturday, I got a call. It was Manoj. He had a thick masculine voice. We decided to meet the next day.

Sunday came and we met at a restaurant for dinner. We talked business among other things. At that moment we both were in the same place, he too was upset over his wife leaving and I was frustated over my girlfriend. We talked for many hours and I felt light hearted. Since he didnt have a car, I decided to drop him to his place. Being polite he invited me upstairs for a cup of coffee. We both were slightly drunk and I agreed. His house was clean. He didnt seem very rich but had a few imported stuff. I guess his relatives must be in the States or UK as is the case with many Indians. I saw a CD lying on his player, it had some german title on it. I was checking it out when he came from the kitchen with 2 cups of cofee.



I asked him about the cd's and he blushed a little. He also seemed a bit annoyed and said that it was nothing. I insisted and he said it's a porn movie. That's all? "Why are you so shy about it", I asked. He said nothing and popped the cd into the player. I knew then why he was shy. It was gay porn. We both laughed and decided to watch it for a change.



I could see Manoj getting hard and so was I. What was happening to me I thought. I wasnt gay. Then why was this turning me on? After a while we Vinay took my hand and placed it on his manhood. I was suprised and pulled back my hand. He then opened his zipper and removed his 9" long thick cock. I had no words to say. I wanted to scream at him for behaving like this but instead just kept starting at his what I now found to be a beautiful cock. Pre-cum had already started to ooze out of and it was glowing in the light. The moans from the CD were getting louder and I was getting hornier.



10 minutes later I was in Manoj's bedroom, sucking on his cock. He kept encouraging me. I enjoyed the new feelings that were rising inside me. He was kind and gentle. I called home and stayed over night at his place. I blew him twice thoughout the night. When I asked him to return the favour he just made some silly excuse and got away. Nevertheless I was happy to blow him because I enjoyed it. But in the back of my mind I knew it was just a one night thing. Something exiciting that I'd remember years later.



Morning came and we were woke up in each others naked arms. There was slight embarrasment but he quickly had some coffee and I left.



2 days later, the images from the previous night kept exciting me. I was worried. Was I turning gay? All I could think was Manoj's beautiful black 9" cock and how badly I wanted it in my mouth. I turned up at his door the next day and all Manoj did was smile.

He knew he had me then. I just blushed. He called me inside and within minutes I was naked in his bedroom sucking him. This time he was more confident and kept pushing me down on his cock, asking me to go deeper. The asking slowly turned into ordering. I was so crazy for his cock that I complied. He only seemed happy and decided to push the limit.



He ordered me in a dog shot position and kneeled behind me. I told him that I perhaps dont want to do this and he just slapped my ass an said "shut up randi(bitch)" and proceded to wear the condom. That was my limit and I got up and said "enough".

He quickly apologised saying that he was just trying out role playing. That calmed me down and even though I wasnt a sub, I think by saying yes at that point, the process started.

He fucked me for the first time that night. I simply moaned at the new sensation. Nothing had touched my ass before and now a cock was sliding in it.



First impression isn't always the last impression. It turned out true in Manoj's case. What I thought as a kind, gently person actually turned out to be quite dominating and kinky. Everytime I panicked or resisted he calmed me down by saying that it's just role playing and reminded me how much I liked it. It was true, as weeks passed by my craze for his cock kept increasing. I was enjoying playing his sub while still leading a normal life outside the relationship.



Once while he was lying naked on the bed, I was sucking him as usual. He ordered me to lick his testicles. I did. Even though his ball sack was huge I was proud of the fact that I could get it all into my mouth. Taking his balls in my mouth I licked it nicely. He moaned. He then ordered me to lick the area under the balls. That turns him on very much and as soon as I touched my tongue, he moaned loudly. I thought he came but he didnt, he just kept encouraging me to lick faster. I obliged. Then he suprised me by asking me to go lower. A bit hesitant at first, not wanting to disappoint, I went a little lower. He moaned even louder and told me to go lower. I kept licking at the same place obviously afraid of what he was hinting at. After asking me 3 times he got angry and pulled me from my hair. I was still licking and my saliva formed a line from his navel till his chest. Looking at me in the eye he slapped me hard with his right hand. I fell down on the bed besides him and placed on hand on my cheek. It was the first time he had slapped me. I was shocked. He stared angrily at me and said "agli baar kuch bolu to chup chap kar nahi to lund nahi milega (Next time I tell u to do something u better do without questioning else no cock for u).

That incident pissed me off and I too got angry and stormed out of the room saying fine. Before I left he said if I come back again I'll have to face the consequences. I told him not to count on it and left. That seemed to have no effect on him and he just continued to lie on the bed and stroked casually.



A month passed, I worked and worked but couldnt concentrate. My mind kept wandering to the happy times that we shared. Every day I masturbated. Everyday I thought of him and how he controlled me. How I was happy. How I was satisfied. And now all that was gone. I cried every night. But that didnt help.

Finally on Monday, I gather all my guts and decided to go to Manoj. I waited nervously in the lift thinking what I would say. As the lift reached the 10th floor I got out. My legs were shivering. I knew he would be mad. What if he turned violent. I waited in the hallway confused. What suprised me was my hardon. Through my jeans my cock was poking out. Just being near his door was having this effect. Around 8 pm I finally mustered courage and knocked on his door. A few minutes passed and nothing. The anxiety was too much to bear. My legs were already feeling weak. I though no one was at home. Then the door opened just as I was about to leave. A new wave of excitement ran through my body in the form of shivers.



Manjoy looked at me in the eye. Seeing him after such a long time refreshed old memories. There he was standing in his underwear. His masculine hairy chest was glowing with sweat. I assumed he was masturbating or maybe he was working out. Thoughts began running my mind as I admired him.

Then he spoke "Do I know u?", I couldnt speak, I was spell bound.

He spoke&nbsp; more rudely again "kya chaiye?(what do u want)"

He was about to shut the door when I spoke out "please..."

He kept the door half open and said "If you want to talk then strip off your clothes and knock on the door", so saying he shut the door on my face.

I felt like a fool. Why couldnt I speak when I'd the chance. Now what do I do?

I looked into the hallway. It was empty but someone could come. I was scared. I thought of returing but my errection didnt allow me.



I thought if I get the chance to speak to him then maybe I can convince him to return back to old times. "Ok fine, I'll go ahead with this stupid game" I thought.

I quickly stripped out of my clothes and knocked. No answer. I knocked again. Now I was getting nervous. I heard a sound in the hallway and panicked. It was the elevator. Oh God. I knocked once more. The lift was on the 7th floor and coming up. I didnt know what to do. I waited for the door to open but it didnt. The lift was on the 9th floor now. I quickly started wearing my jeans. 10th floor. Oh no this is it. I'm ruined I thought. The whole building will now know. But the lift quietly passed and stopped at the 12th floor. Phew. I breathed a sigh of relief. I got off my jeans. That was short lived when a few seconds later I heard the lift again. Panic once more. I hoped that it would pass once more. 12th, 11th, 10th...Oh no it's not moving. Oh God. Just as the lift doors opened, Vinay opened the door and I just managed to see 2 girls walk out of the lift before rushing into his apartment.



Once inside I sat and just breathed heavily and waited for a few seconds to calm down. Vinay came and stood in front of me. I could tell he was angry. I stood up and looked him in the eye. I blurted out how it was difficult for me not to be able to suck him. And how I was sorry about last time." He just listened and then motioned me to kneel. I did. He then roamed around me and then spoke. "If you want to stay then you've to give me a guarantee". I looked at him confused. "Do u agree" he asked. All I could do was nod.

He went inside and came out with a tattoo machine. I got scared but stayed kneeling. He said that he was going to add a small tattoo so that in future I dont cause pain to him and myself. He asked me whether it was acceptable. I got confused. He removed his underwear and all my confusions were gone. He wrote "Manoj's Randi(bitch)" just above my butts.



He felt a sense of pride having done that and ordered me to suck him clean. The night was lovely. He was gentle as he fucked me in the ass. I swallowed his load 2 times. First he came right in my mouth grunting loudly and second time while he ass fucked me, he came in the condom and emptied the contents in my mouth.



Each day I visited him and each day he satisified me more than I did him. He used to call me dirty names now. Randi(bitch), faggot, pussy boy, lund sucker(cock sucker), my acceptance of those names pleased him. "Suck harder randi(bitch). U were born to do this. Suck a real mans cock". He also made me tell him why I like his cock. I had to describe my each and every feeling.



Then one night he layed in the bed and lifted his legs. I had prayed for this day not to come. He asked me to look at his asshole. I felt disgusted but did as told. It was wrinkled and hairy. I waited for the dreaded order. "Now lick it" he finally ordered giving a wicked smile, knowing how much I hated it. I lowered my face towards his hole. He told me to keep staring at it. I felt like crying. In my whole life I had never done what I didnt want to. And that made this tougher. Even though his ass looked clean, it was still humiliating to lick some other mans shit hole. But I knew I'd not choice. The past few weeks had been hard for me and I didnt want him to kick me out of his house. His hole was now very near to my face. I finally closed my eyes and brought my tongue out. I tried thinking of other things. The minute he moaned was when I realised that my tongue had made contact with his hole. He ordered to make it wet and lick. I brought out saliva from my mouth to my tongue and applied it like a lotion on his butt hole. It felt wierd. I licked a few times. He kept moaning. I kept licking for sometime and then he ordered me to stop. He looked at me in the eye and said "yeh to shurwat hai(this is just the begining)"



...to be continued



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Masala


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





