BDSM Library - Maid Service




Maid Service
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A maid finds the appreciation she deserves in an unlikely place





Maid Service

by Some Writer


His cock shone in the moonlight that filtered through the shuttered blinds.  Her eyes were as fixed on his muscular torso as his were on her naked 
body as he crossed the room.  She sighed with anticipation as he knelt forwards on the bed and began kissing her legs.  He worked slowly upwards and 
bypassed her hirsute triangle of delights as he worshipped her stomach, her breasts and finally her neck with his soft lips.  His hands brushed 
backwards and
forwards across her warm skin as he gazed into her eyes and finally moved downward to her throbbing sex.

* * *

Elena woke up and slammed her palm on the snooze button atop the alarm clock.  As she rolled back over she felt a familiar stickiness between the top
of her thighs.  Coping with a period each month was annoying enough, but the feelings Elena encountered at the other end of her cycle were just as 
distracting and - at times - nearly as messy.  She climbed out of bed, trying not to disturb John who was still asleep, and headed to the bathroom.

She started the shower running and then pulled off her pajamas ready to step in.  She paused in front of the full length mirror to look at her body.  
Her face was fairly pretty, although her lips were slightly too full.  Her long black curls cascaded down to her shoulders, framing her slightly 
squarish face.  Her breasts were mismatching sizes, one noticeably bigger than the other.  They both culminated in identical small dark nipples 
adorning her olive skin.  Her stomach was slightly rounded, neither flat nor fat.  Her dense jet black bush made her groin stand out from the rest of 
her body, distracting attention from her curvaceous legs.  Her butt, hidden from view of the mirror, was like most of her body; curvy in a way that 
was sexy but not overweight.

Elena bent forward and ran her hands along her shins.  Her legs did not yet need shaving again.  She had always seemed cursed with an abundance of 
hair that 
she did not want, and one of the things she hated most about her body was having to shave or wax areas that other girls didn't need to bother with.  
At least her husband 
John didn't mind her underarms being kept in her native European style.

When she had finished in the shower, Elena went to fetch her maid's uniform from the closet.  It was a light blue, rather unflattering uniform 
comprised of a thick blouse/jacket and a pleated skirt that went just below the knee.  The colour did not suit Elena at 
all.  She grabbed it and her underwear, but then thought better of it.  She slipped on only the uniform, and went over to the bed where John was 
stirring.

"I think I'm going to go without underwear today," she whispered in his ear, trying to inject as much sex appeal into her Slavic accent as she could.  
She opened a button at the top of her clothes so that he might be able to see her breasts dangling in front of him.

"You'll get cold," John said parentally, not bothering to look at her chest.

"I'll be ok," Elena said curtly as she turned and strode off, redoing the button.

* * *

It was the first week of a new year at the university, which meant Elena was visiting all the first year students' rooms for the first time.  This 
usually 
meant a lot of untidy rooms and strange looks from students who weren't expecting her.  She was used to it by now, and set about her rounds with
her usual brisk pace that always allowed her to leave slightly earlier than the other maids.  She would unlock room after room, empty the bin and 
leave, before having a quick spot check of the communal kitchen.

"Maid service," Elena called out as she unlocked and entered yet another room.  She walked from the door over to the bin in the far corner of 
the room, and turned 
toward the bed as movement caught her eye.  "Oh," she said.

On the bed was a young man.  His arms were outstretched to the corner of the bed, and fixed there by some form of handcuffs.  He was blindfolded and 
in his mouth was an orange rubber ball, attached to leather straps that went behind his head.  His torso was a palette of white flesh, slightly toned 
if a touch thin.  His cock was encapsulated in a pink plastic sleeve that appeared to be humming.  His legs were spread like his arms; attached at the 
opposite bed posts with some form of rope.

At the sound of Elena's entrance, the man had begun to struggle to free one of his arms, his body writhing strangely on the bed.  Elena stepped 
forward and placed her spread hand on his chest.  It was not forceful enough to stop him moving, but nevertheless her touch halted his struggle.  
Momentarily 
fascinated, she traced her hand along the contours of his chest.  He remained completely still, the room silent but for the buzzing of the plastic 
sleeve at the bottom of his torso.  A wire trailed from the top of the sleeve to the far side of the bed.  Elena clambered over the stricken male to 
reach the controls and switch it off.  As she sat back on his torso and lifted the controls up to look at them, it pulled the sleeve from his penis.

Elena looked down to see his dick rigid in the morning air.  It was slightly shorter and skinnier than her husband's, but less veiny and off-putting.  
She moved to get off him, and the tail of her skirt got caught up with her legs.  She flicked it backwards, and accidentally over his head.  As she 
cool air gusted between her legs, she realised that she was getting wetter and that the man beneath her would be able to smell her scent.

He groaned; a groan born of longing and desire that seemed to resonate throughout his entire body, culminating in a powerful twitch in his cock.  
Flattered by his reaction, Elena jokingly began lowering her pelvis towards his face.  Before she realised how far down she had gone, she felt the 
press of his nose on the moist strip of hair at the centre of her bush.  She shivered as his nose bumped near her clitoris, and a jolt went through 
her body.  Ashamed, she sat up and turned round to look at his head.  His nose was glistening with her juices.

Elena ran her finger across his features to try and collect her smeared fluids, but then impulsively wiped them on his lips.  The ball-gag jiggled in 
his mouth, and she realised that he was trying to lick his lips.  She laughed at his frustration, and pulled up her skirt to her waist before turning 
and sitting atop him again.  She teased him with her sex; smothering him with it so that he could not take a breath without inhaling her sexual 
perfume, and smearing as much as she could over his face. 

It was obvious from his every move that he was enjoying her actions; his moans and groans were just as loud as if she had been performing the same 
motions while riding his exposed and incredibly hard cock.  The stickiness of his face was evidence of her own arousal - her teasing was now beginning 
to frustrate her own desires as well.

Elena reached behind her and felt for the leather strap at the back of his head.  She found a buckle and undid it before elevating herself enough to 
let the ball spring free of his mouth.  His tongue was already licking his lips as she settled back down, and it immediately shot upwards to explore 
the crevice she was offering.  He began licking her soaked inner labia, but she soon moved backwards to offer her swollen clitoris as a more obvious 
target for his unsighted fumbling.

She moaned obviously as his tongue found the right spot, and he did not need another hint as he set to work on her pleasure centre with great energy 
and enthusiasm.  Elena was so turned on that her orgasm arrived quickly, taking her by surprise.  Her body quivered in ecstasy as she experienced her 
first orgasm for over a month, spasming atop a helpless - although very willing - stranger.

Elena turned round and put her finger across his slick lips, in case he tried to say something.  She clumsily reattached his ball-gag, and climbed 
off.  She emptied his bin as she had come in to do, and left the room.  The door lock sprung loudly into place, and the maid continued with her 
rounds.

* * *

"Good day at work?" John called from the living room as Elena stepped through the front door.

"Not bad," Elena shouted back as she headed to the bathroom and locked the door.  She was in part shocked because she had cheated on her husband so 
readily, and yet also surprised at how little guilt she felt.  She and John had had sex only once in the past two months, and even that was a 
perfunctory affair that neither of them seemed to have much enthusiasm for.  Elena decided to attribute her ad-hoc cunnilingus to her current horny 
state, combined with her lack of pleasure from John.  He must assume that she was pleasuring herself somehow; Elena would simply not mention that she 
had received assistance.

That night, as she lay in bed next to her sleeping husband, she replayed the events of the morning in her head.  Almost subconsciously her hand slipped 
down underneath the waistband of her night clothes and she silently masturbated herself to her second orgasm of the day.

* * *

Elena paused outside the door.  It was exactly a week since she had visited the man inside.  He would know that she would be returning at this time 
on this day - he would surely be waiting to see her, and then he would probably proposition her for more of the same, or threaten to tell her 
husband.  
She could always skip this room; what would one full bin matter among hundreds.  Just as she was about to move on, a girl emerged from the adjacent 
room that Elena had just visited.

"Are you having problems getting in?" the girl asked.

"No, I'm fine," Elena said, fumbling with the key in the lock.  The girl walked slowly past.  Elena took a deep breath, and entered the room, closing 
the door quickly behind her.  At first she thought the room was empty, and then she went in far enough to see the bed.  The young man was tied in 
exactly the same position as the previous week, blindfolded and gagged but without his sleeve.

Elena sighed with relief, and immediately her mind began wondering why he had done this again.  He knew she would find him again so clearly he was not 
upset or embarrassed about the previous week; he must want more.  She knew that she should resist, but instinctively she knew that her vagina was 
already moistening itself in anticipation.  She turned away from his naked body and went to empty the bin.  There was a piece of paper carefully laid 
on top that she picked up and read:

Miss,  You are like an angel from heaven come to answer my prayers.  I know you may not do the same again, but you should at least know that you 
have occupied my every waking and sleeping thought this past week.  I touch myself thinking only of you.

Elena hadn't felt so special as in that moment for many years.  She slipped off her skirt and panties, and climbed on to the bed.  His groan as 
he was engulfed in her scent was exquisite.  After a few seconds she fumbled for the gag, and released his tongue from its prison.  She settled into a 
comfortable position as he began caressing and flicking her clitoris with his deft tongue.  She began idly running her hands up and down his sides as 
he worked his magic, and she slowly moved her hands up to his cock.

He moaned as she took it in her hand.  She idly stroked his foreskin up and down as he sped up the pace of his licking.  Elena felt a surge of orgasm 
building up inside her, and she steadied herself with her free hand as she came, with him also moaning loudly beneath her.  As she moved her pelvis 
from his mouth she realised that his moans were because he was also approaching orgasm.  Shocked, she stopped what she was doing and climbed off.  She 
quickly put his ball-gag back on in case he wanted to complain, and left the room.

That evening, as she lay in bed, Elena considered the incident in her mind.  Logically, she should not have been shocked at all; obviously stroking 
him would make him come, and since he had now made her come twice, it was only fair.  Somehow it seemed like the whole thing would be more 
involved if she had made 
him come.  She was certain he would have finished himself off as soon as he had later struggled free - how did he get himself free each time after she 
left anyway, she wondered.

* * *

Two weeks later - having visited him every week - Elena was at the horniest point of her cycle again.  She was lying in bed thinking about her 
weekly rendez-vous that would take 
place in a few days when John began 
cuddling up to her.  She felt the press of his erection against her buttocks and did nothing to stop him as he peeled down her pajamas.  She rolled 
over to allow him to pull them free of her legs.  John maneuvered himself between her spread legs and placed his hand directly onto her exposed bush.

"Mmmm," John murmured in the darkness.  "I love it when you're already wet."

"I'd still li-" Elena stopped talking as John put his finger across her lips.

"Shhh," he said, and she felt the head of his penis push her labia apart.  "No need to talk", he said as he slid easily inside her.  Elena grunted and 
shifted position beneath him to steady herself for his onslaught of thrusting.  They fucked in silence until John came in a quiet moan.  Despite her 
arousal, Elena could not find an orgasm.

* * *

The man shivered as the cold metal touched against his furry flesh.  Elena held the closed scissors there as he relaxed again, and then pulled a clump 
of hair upwards, hard enough to make it obvious what was going on.  He jumped slightly when he heard the snipping sound, but Elena had deliberately 
begun far enough away from his genitalia that no accidents could occur.  When she cut the next time, he did not flinch.  He remained silent and 
perfectly still as she began trimming his bush.

The room was silent except for the clicking of the scissors.  Elena hardly dared breathe, such was the atmosphere.  She worked closer and closer to 
his 
shaft and scrotum until she was trimming hairs with the scissors touching his skin.  He still did not move, and she was able to make his groin almost 
completely bald - only stubble remained.  Elena got up and tousled the hair on his head as she removed the ball-gag.  She settled down into her usual 
position on top of him, and as always his tongue found its way between her already swollen lips.

Elena took his cock in her hand and began slowly moving it up and down at the base.  She bent forwards until her torso was horizontal and in one 
movement 
took almost his entire length in her mouth, closing her lips around the shaft as her tongue came upwards to cushion the lower part of his dick.

He moaned; a deep moan akin to the one that had first greeted her pussy four weeks ago.  It expressed his desire and appreciation in a way that Elena 
felt words 
never could.  She knew exactly how much it meant to him, and spurred on by the thought she began to suck and lick his cock.  Almost immediately 
he was groaning faster and faster.  Elena realised that he was close to coming already.  He had stopped licking her but she did not even notice
She quickened her pace and his whole body shuddered.  His cock instinctively thrust into her mouth and it shook as it ejaculated.

Elena gulped down jet after jet of semen, readily swallowing his seed that he so eagerly shot forth.  When he had finished she let his dick fall from 
her mouth and it slapped against his stomach.  Breaking out of her reverie, she wiggled her hips to indicate that he owed her in return.  Instead of 
being frantically energetic as usual, his licking was slower and more tender.  Elena could feel her head tingling as his tongue brushed backwards and 
forwards over her swollen button.

She found herself moving her hips rhythmically in time with him.  Her orgasm built slowly but to her surprise she did not feel frustrated as it neared 
but would not come.  When she eventually came it was a slow aching orgasm that felt more like relief than ecstasy, but in its way it was still as good 
as the others he had given her. 

* * *

Elena slipped her hand into her pocket again.  Naturally the condom was still there, just as it had been every other time she had checked.  She turned 
the key in the man's lock and slipped inside the room.  The man was on the bed as usual but her attention was distracted by the new collection of 
cards on 
the table.  She could see one with a large nineteen on the front.  She wondered if he suspected that she was over ten years older than him.  Maybe it 
didn't bother him, she decided.

Elena took the condom from her pocket and then slipped off her skirt and underwear.  Within seconds his gag was off and she was settling down on his 
face.  She started ripping the wrapper as his tongue reached into her.  
Elena had not been much older than the man below her when she had last used a condom, but she quickly worked out which way up it went 
and she began slowly rolling it down over his stiffening cock.

When she thought that she was probably wet enough, Elena got up and turned round so that she was sitting on his chest.  She was inching her way down 
his body towards his sheathed cock when he spoke.

"Please - could you remove the blindfold?  I don't want to not be able to see you on my first time."

Elena froze.

She looked at his pleading expression.  She could not take this boy's virginity; what was a game to her was a serious sexual experience to 
him.  Thoughts of sex fled from her mind like birds startled by a gunshot.  She swung her leg 
over and stood beside the bed, quickly grabbing her skirt from the floor and pulling it on.  She could not see her panties but she did not care.  She 
rushed from the 
room and up the stairs to the next floor.

* * *

Elena let the door of her house click shut quietly behind her.  She climbed the stairs with careful, silent steps.  Hardly daring to breathe she 
rifled through her 
wardrobe to find the underwear that she wanted.  It was John's favourite; it was a totally black bra and thong combination.  Ultra-wide straps 
of material made up the waistband and Y-shape of the thong, as well as all the straps on the bra.  John said it made her look like his action woman - 
some sort of female commando type straight out of a male fantasy.

John looked up, startled, as Elena rounded the doorway dressed only in his favourite underwear.  She strutted over to the sofa and stood in front of 
him, modelling her attire.

"Do you want me?" she asked plainly.

"Yes," he answered, looking up into her eyes.

"These aren't coming off until you've convinced me," Elena said, trying not to let her nerves show in her voice.  She waited to see if he would 
protest or complain.

John got up and walked behind her.  She felt his arms around her, and with the touch of his lips on her neck Elena melted 
into his embrace.  He drew a long breath through his nose and purred at her smell.  Elena smiled as her husband worshipped her body with his soft 
lips.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





