BDSM Library - Primary Research




Primary Research
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A researcher gets some unexpected help in understanding BDSM as she becomes a sub for a weekend.





Primary Research

by Some Writer


"Have you heard what Amanda's doing?"

"What's that?"

I was sat at work, bored as usual, listening to the women behind me natter on, partly because I had nothing better to do, but mainly because I 
couldn't avoid it.

"Well, you know she's doing that degree part-time in what was it - psychology or something?"

"Oh yes, I remember that."

"Well, she's decided to study bondage and S'n'M!"

"Really?"

"Yep, heard her say it myself.  She's trying to find someone who's into 'the scene', apparently."

"Doubt they'll find anyone round here!  Isn't that weird though?"

I listened for a few more minutes, but they changed topic.  I knew Amanda by sight and had spoken to her on various occasions.  She was a slightly 
pretty black lady, a few years older than me (or so I presumed).  We had got on well enough while making polite conversation.  I resolved to find her 
at the end of the day.
* * *
"Hi Amanda?"

"Hi there."

"If I tell you something, can you promise to keep it confidential?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"It's about your degree project - I may be able to help you."

"Oh?"

"I heard you were looking for someone to show you the ropes, as it were."

She laughed.  "Very good.  Well I'd certainly appreciate that, and any secrets are safe with me.  Any information about any aspect of BDSM is good."

"How about I show you some equipment?" I suggested.  "I have a fair bit at home."

"Yep, ok," she said, slightly startled.  "That would be good, yes."
* * *
The next evening Amanda was sitting on the bed in my bedroom.  We had been in the lounge talking for an hour or so, breaking the ice, before I'd 
suggested that I 
should show her some equipment from the chest in my room.  I laid out an array of cuffs and ropes on the bed, along with various blindfolds and gags.

"These look very comfortable," Amanda said as she picked up some fur-lined cuffs.

"Try them on," I suggested, and she did.  "Do you like them?"

"Yep, very comfy.  So this is a gag isn't it?" She was holding up a ball-gag.

"Yes it is," I said as I took it from her.  "Open wide!" I joked.  Amanda obliged and I pushed the ball into her mouth so that it was properly in, 
behind her teeth.  I buckled the strap behind her head to keep it in place.  She said something, but it was muffled by the gag, and we both laughed.

"Don't worry - I'll do the talking.  So those cuffs could either be held by rope or they can be joined together with these clips - that could be done 
in front of you, behind you, or above your head through a hook like that."  Her eyes followed my finger upwards to the hooks in my ceiling, placed 
there specifically for being tied to.  She seemed intrigued.

"Shall I show you?"  She nodded.  I took her hands and helped her up and over to the hook by the foot of my double bed.  On tip-toe I clipped her 
cuffs to the hook such that she would be unable to undo them herself.  She was left standing completely upright, without much slack but still able to 
have her feet flat on the ground.

I fetched a small spreader-bar - two feet long if that - and held it in front of her.  "This is a spreader, it would be used to keep two cuffs apart - 
your legs for example.  Shall I try it on you?"  Amanda paused for a second and then nodded.  I fetched two cuffs for her ankles and swiftly put them 
on.  I gently pushed her feet further apart and attached the spreader, leaving her with no more room to manoeuvre, height-wise.

"So there you go," I said, sitting on the bed in front of her, "all tied up.  I'll tell you a bit about bondage.  As you can see now, bondage is 
obviously used to restrict movement.  A lot of BDSM is about power - but not in the bad way that it sounds.  Right now, you have transferred power to 
me.  I can do whatever I want, but you are unable to resist.  Let me show you."  I got up from the bed and walked behind her.  I pulled up the jumper 
that she wore, tugging it over her head so that her torso was exposed, naked except for her light blue bra.  Not wanting it to fall back down, I 
tucked the jumper behind her head.  Her trousers were easily undone, and I slid them down enough that I could let them fall to the floor of their own accord.  
She wore large black pants that totally covered her curvaceous ass.

I walked back round and sat on the bed in front of her.  Amanda was certainly not thin, but fat probably would have done her a disservice.  Her legs 
and arms could be described as strong rather than large, her breasts large but not overly so.  Her stomach was the only part that showed her weight.
Her expression seemed to be a mix of embarrassment, fear, and anxiety.

"I wonder what you're feeling right now.  You're probably feeling helpless - that is intended.  You may be a little scared about what I'm going to do 
next.  It's possible you're excited about what I'm going to do next, but in this case that may not be so.  It's that mixture of fear and excitement 
that makes it all fun; without fear it has no edge, and without excitement it is only scary.  You are probably also feeling embarrassed or 
humiliated; that is a strong device in BDSM.  Usually you should build up trust with the person tying you up - that lessens the fear.  But since I'm 
giving you a crash course, you are without that trust.  You don't actually know what I will do."

I moved forward and placed my hands on her sides.  She flinched at first, but did not move again.  I began gently running my hands up and down her 
sides, caressing her.  She relaxed a little to my touch.  On a downward move I went further than I had before and stopped with my thumbs hooked 
inside the elastic waistband of her underwear.

I slowly, agonisingly, pulled Amanda's underwear down as I spoke.  "I could whip these off right now, and you wouldn't be able to stop me.  You 
wouldn't even be able to cry for help.  That's quite an intense feeling isn't it?"  She looked back at me with pleading eyes as I continued to remove her 
underwear.  I could see the first wisps of black wiry pubic hair creeping over the waistband when I stopped.  I unhooked my fingers and got up to 
release her hands.  She quickly put her clothes back on before releasing her gag.  She said nothing.

"So that's bondage," I said.  "I think a practical demonstration of S and M with you is probably not a good idea."

"No," she agreed.  "So how about the other bit - D and S, as it were?"  She spoke as she had ten minutes earlier, as if I had never tied her up.

"That could be done.  How would you like to take orders from me for an evening?  No bondage or pain I promise, just orders."

"I could do that I think.  But would an evening be long enough?" she asked.

"I'm free on Saturday," I offered.

"Why not the whole weekend?"  Amanda was certainly full of surprises.  I did not get the feeling that she was trying to use this as a route to 
spending time with me or anything like that; she really did seem genuinely interested for her research.  It fitted with what I knew of her personality 
- a straightforward gets-things-done person, slightly officious but not annoyingly so, and I was now finding out that she seemed fairly open-minded.

"Ok, so what sort of things should I be concentrating on?"

"Well, whatever you would usually do with a woman you were dominating.  The more typical it is, the better really."

"You see, usually - with a woman - I would-"

Amanda cut me off mid-sentence: "If it veers towards something that I'm not happy with, I can always just tell you so.  Some sort of 'safe word' 
arrangement, am I right?"

"Yep, sure.  We can do something along those lines."

We talked for another hour or so about BDSM and related topics before Amanda left, leaving me to look forward to the weekend.

* * *

I spent the rest of the week, including most of my time at work, thinking about what to do at the weekend.  Amanda had claimed that she wanted a 
normal sub experience - but that usually involved a lot of sex, which seemed a bit forward for me to try with her considering that we barely new each 
other and worked at the same place (albeit not in the same department).  I thought of some other aspects of subbing that would be safe to do, and 
decided to take a slow approach to any sexual elements; that way she could ease into the more intimate aspects and as she had pointed out, she could 
always say no.

* * *

"This is your collar," I explained to Amanda after she arrived on Friday evening.  It was leather on the outside, with a furry lining inside that 
would 
enable her to wear it comfortably.  "In a moment, you'll put it on.  While you are wearing the collar, you will obey my every instruction, to the 
letter.  If at any time you are not willing to continue following my instructions, you should remove the collar and we will be finished.  Otherwise, 
you are to keep it on at all times.  Is that understood?"

"Yes," Amanda said solemnly.  I handed her the collar, and she put it round her neck.  The buckle clipped into place, the only sound in the otherwise 
silent room.  She smiled, with a hit of nervousness.

"If you should to wish to address me, do not use my name - call me Master instead.  You don't have to say it every time you talk to me, just that when 
you want to say my name, say that instead.  Understood?"

"Yes.  Master.  So what will you call me?"

"Whatever I like," I said, smiling.  "Now, time for a bit of a lesson.  Who has the power right now?"

"You do."

"Why?"

"Because you can tell me what to do."

"Why will you do what I tell you?"

"Because... because I agreed to."

"And if I tell you to do something that you aren't prepared to do?"

"I'll take off my collar."

"So it isn't me with the power; it's you.  You do what I say because you want to.  Otherwise you will refuse.  You are not my slave because you have 
no free will or are forced to be - you are my slave because you chose to be."

"I understand," Amanda said earnestly.

"Good.  Now, less of that for now.  Since you're wearing that collar, I think you can cook us both some dinner."

"Cook dinner?"

"Yes.  You're wearing the collar, so you are there to serve me.  No matter how big or small the request."

Amanda cooked us some chicken, and we ate together in near-silence.  I gave her similar straight-forward tasks during the evening, trying to get her 
used to wearing the collar and obeying my orders.  At the end of the night I moved things on to the next stage.

"You are to sleep in the spare bedroom this evening.  Do not take off your collar.  Tomorrow morning, when I wake up - which is usually around 9 
o'clock at the weekends - I want you to be sitting on my bed, all dressed having had a shower.  If I don't see you there, you will be punished.  You 
are not to wake me up directly; let me sleep until I wake naturally.  Understood?"

"Yes," Amanda said.  "I will see you tomorrow morning then."

* * *

I woke up and rolled over to look at the clock.  It was just before eight, and I could hear the shower going.  I would have to punish Amanda, I 
thought to myself.  What could I find to do to her I wondered, I could do anything I liked....

I woke up and rolled over to look at the clock.  It was quarter to nine, and Amanda was sat on the edge of my bed smiling at me.  Her collar looked 
slightly damp - she had worn it in the shower as she should have.

"Morning," I said dozily.

"Morning," she replied.

"Make me some breakfast, and then after that we will do some more interesting things," I told her, worried that she might be thinking that I 
had only agreed to have her over this weekend so that I would be cooked for.

After we had eaten breakfast, I continued with my plan of livening things up.  I made Amanda stand in the middle of my lounge, her legs apart and her 
hands behind her back.  I put a blindfold on her, and then sat down on the sofa.

"I think I should get to know you a bit better, so I have some questions for you.  Answer them truthfully, or not at all.  Number one: how many guys 
have you slept with?"

"Erm, I'm not sure exactly."

"Give me an estimate."

"About ten."

"What's your favourite sex position?"

"Missionary, really."

"Second favourite?"

"Probably doggy style."

"How many guys have you had anal sex with?"  I was firing the questions at her quite quickly, with no appreciable pauses.

"Two."

"Did you like it?"

"It was ok."

"How often do you masturbate?"

"Once every two, maybe three weeks."

"Do you use your fingers or a vibrator?"

"Depends on my mood.  I usually just go for fingers though."  Kudos to Amanda - she was answered everything I asked with little hesitation.

"When was the last time you masturbated?"

"Two days ago."

"Do you watch porn on a regular basis?"

"No, I don't."

"Have you ever watched porn?"

"Yes.  With my boyfriends."

"Have you ever bought porn?"

"No."

"When was your last period?"

"About a week and a half ago."

"Are they quite regular?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"Do you like your body?"

"Some bits."

"Which bits?"

"I think my ass is ok.  My boobs aren't bad either.  And my face is ok.  Not so keen on my legs, or my stomach."

"How much do you weigh?"  Of all the questions, that was the one she hesitated most on.

"I don't think I..."

"You're happier to tell me how you masturbate than how much you weigh?" I asked.

"Guess so.  Weird huh?"  Then she told me how much she weighed.  I didn't care, I just wanted to ask her probing questions.

"That's all for now I think.  Time for some shopping."

"Shopping?"

"Yep.  Is that a problem?"

"Do I have to wear this?"  She meant the collar.

"Yep, unless you're done for the weekend."

"Can I put a scarf on over the top of it?"  It was March.  Although it was a little cold outside, a scarf was not necessary.  On the other hand, it 
would not look totally out of place.

"Yes, ok.  But just this once."

* * *

Our first port of call was a clothes shop.  I took Amanda straight to the skirts and picked out a skirt for her; it was a semi-smart grey skirt that 
was elasticated so that it hugged the body rather than flaring out.  It was mid-thigh length.  Amanda found the skirt in her size for me.

"That we must get," I told her, "but I want you to pick out a top and footwear.  Make it sexy, but not obviously so.  Something you wouldn't be 
too ashamed to turn up at work wearing."  I let her choose without interfering.  She picked out a pink blouse and - to my surprise - knee-high black 
boots.  Usually she was a fairly plain dresser.  "You'd go to work in those?" I asked.

"Not normally, but if I'm having a weekend of trying something totally different then I may as well do the same with clothes," she replied.  I 
accepted that, and we went to the changing room.  Amanda emerged looking very attractive.  The smart pink blouse, which contrasted well with her dark 
skin, 
was pushed out by her breasts but not too overtly.  The skirt hugged her ass and thighs without being skin-tight, and left her with bare legs down to 
the tops of her boots, which didn't look particularly out of place.  Just as I had wanted, the effect was sex-appeal without being trampy.  The only 
bit of her outfit that did stand out was her collar; she was not wearing the scarf while trying the clothes on.  I bought the lot.

I did some shopping for myself as we made our way across town, trying not to make it too obvious that I had an end destination in mind.  We weaved our 
way through the metropolis until we were on the same street as the shop I was aiming for.

"It's time for you to do some shopping now," I told Amanda.  "You are going to buy yourself some porn.  I want you to go into the shop and browse for 
a few minutes.  I will enter the shop as well and browse, but you should not talk to me or make any indication that you know me.  Make it look like 
you can't find what you want, and go to the person at the counter.  Ask for porn that involves white men fucking large-breasted black women who are in 
bondage.  If he hasn't got that, lose the big tits requirement, then the white/black thing.  It has to involve sex in bondage though - insist on 
that.  Can you remember all that?"

"Yes," Amanda said.  She didn't seem phased by my request, and she headed off to the shop with covered-up windows.  A minute or two later I followed 
her in.  She was stood by a massive wall of DVDs, intently browsing.  I began casually looking at the other end.  There was a slightly bored white man 
at the counter - perfect.

"Hi.  I'm looking for a specific sort of DVD," Amanda told the man behind the counter.

"What's that love?" he asked, getting up from his stool.

"I'd like a white man having sex with a black woman - preferably with big breasts - while they're tied up."

The man couldn't resist.  "That a fantasy of yours?" he asked.  I glanced over at the counter.  Amanda flinched slightly but held her nerve.

"Have you got anything like that?"

"Let me see."  The man came out from behind the counter and scanned along the range of DVDs.  He picked out three.  "This one has got a black woman 
being raped by a black and white guy, not sure if she gets tied up though."

"What are the other two?" Amanda pressed.

"This one has girls getting tied up and then getting nipple clamps, stuff like that.  Don't think there's any sex.  This other one has this girl - 
white though - getting handcuffed by a cop and lots of sex.  If you'd like, I can run the first one up on a player back there and we can see if it 
has bondage."

Amanda hesitated.  The man's request was delicious; Amanda would have to watch her porn with a stranger, on the pretence of seeing if it fitted her 
particular fetish.  I waited to see if she would accept.

She did.  She went behind the counter and the man began flicking through the DVD for her.  I couldn't see the screen from where I was, but as I 
casually looked round I could see Amanda standing awkwardly beside the man.  After a few minutes they seemed to find what they were looking for.  I 
wandered out of the shop while Amanda bought the DVD.  A minute later she joined me.

"Did it fit what you asked for?"

"Pretty much exactly," Amanda replied with a smile.

"Good."

"So tell me," she said after a pause, "why the white man part of the request?"

"What do you think the black woman with big tits part was for?"

"Well, that was meant to be me."

"So who was the white man?"

"Ah, that was you."

"And, as I thought it might be, it was also the guy behind the counter.  Which added to the fun of making you ask for it.  Now let's go home and 
watch it."

* * *

Amanda put down all the bags from the shopping.  "Go into the lounge and start playing the DVD," I told her.  "Strip to your underwear and stand in 
the middle of the room."  I walked upstairs and fetched my digital camera and a couple of other items before returning downstairs.

Amanda was standing in the middle of the room.  She wore only a flowery white bra and a matching flowery white thong.  She gave a cautious look to the 
camera in my hand.  "I'm only going to take pictures of your body," I explained.  "Not your face, so no-one would know it's you."  She said nothing, 
and I took a few photos of her body, from the neck-down.  The DVD played in the background, portraying the premise of its pretence of a plot.

"Turn round and bend over."  She did so, which pointed her full dark-skinned buttocks out at me.  They were perfectly curved and round, full but not 
fat.  
They were divided by the white centre-piece of her thong.   On the screen on the back of the camera I could see 
all that would be in shot - her ass and the tops of her legs.  Her bra was faintly visible through the gap between her thighs.  I took a few pictures, 
then decided that it felt too static.

"Hook your thumbs inside either side of your thong and start pulling it down.  Very slowly."  I snapped away as she pulled down her thong.  It looked 
very sexy on camera, her pulling down her underwear.  "Leave it there," I told her when she had reached the tops of her thighs.  "Put your legs wider 
apart to stop it falling down."  I took more pictures of her bare ass, her cheeks resting against each other to cover what was between them, and 
errant hairs from the base of her vagina creeping out between her legs.

"Hands behind you, palms upwards."  Amanda did as she was told.  I took the lubricant from my pocket and put some on all her fingers.  "Left hand 
round your left side, middle finger in your ass.  Right hand underneath your body, two fingers in your pussy."  I took more photos as she first 
inserted her index and middle fingers into her pussy, spreading the labia to reveal the hidden inner pink skin, penetrated by her raven digits.

Next was 
the insertion of her finger into her ass.  She began sliding it in slowly.  "Use your other fingers to spread your ass," I told her, and only then did 
I get a good view of her finger creeping inside her.  

"Take your finger out," I told her once I had taken enough pictures of the current scene.  She did so, and I picked up the small plug - 
just less 
than an inch in diameter at its widest point - that I had fetched from upstairs.  I took pictures from all angles as I first pressed it against her 
empty ass-hole, and then slowly slid it in.  Amanda made no noise until she grunted as the plug finally slid home and her ass closed around the neck.  

"How does that feel?" I asked.

"Big."  I was surprised - it was one of my smallest plugs.

"I meant good or bad."

"I'm not really sure.  Sort of good, but almost bad."

"Ok.  Take off your panties and sit down on the sofa next to me."  The porn showing on the television had wound up into its action.  A pretty, slim, 
large-breasted black girl 
was being held down by two men while one of them forced his cock into her mouth.  "Spread your legs and start masturbating," I told the woman beside 
me.  She did as she was ordered, and I squatted in front of her, taking a few pictures as her fingers ran up and down the length of her labia, and 
circled her clitoris.  I looked up at her large breasts, which were still held in place by her bra.  Amanda looked down at me.

"Keep looking at the screen slave," I said sternly.  "Are your nipples sensitive?  I mean, do they give you sexual pleasure?"

"Yes Master."

"Stop masturbating and take off your bra."  I sat back down next to her as she removed the bra and her breasts sprang free of their cups.  They fell 
down her chest slightly, and I could see that the nipples were already hardening.  "Start again," I told her as I took her closest nipple between my 
thumb and forefinger.  I could have just masturbated her myself, but I didn't want to rush her and it was also almost better to make her do it herself 
while I watched and played with other parts of her.  On the screen, the woman had been handcuffed to a hook on the ceiling of a dank room while the 
two men stood either side of her, fucking her pussy and ass.

Amanda's nipple hardened as I played with it.  I moved my hand to the other nipple while I turned and dipped my head to her closest breast.  I took 
her nipple 
in my mouth and began sucking on it.  That seemed to get a slight reaction.  I sucked a little more, and then changed to gently nibbling.  Her chest 
began heaving slightly faster, and I went for broke as I began biting her teat.

"Ah, ah, ah, ahhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh."  Her cries began in pain but seemed to morph into moans of pleasure and I realised that she was coming.  Her 
pelvis bucked somewhere below me as she shuddered in ecstasy.  I pulled my head back and looked down.  I could see the base of the plug edging out 
between her legs, pushed out by the force of her climax.  Amanda looked at me, waiting for me to say something.

"Get up, bend over, and put that back in."  She seemed almost disappointed by my command, but she did as she was told.  She did not seem happy with it 
having to go back in after her sexual release, but she did not say anything.  "Kneel down in front of me and put your hands together behind your back.  
Do 
not move them from that position."  She did so, and gazed up at me from where she knelt on the floor, awaiting my next command.  I took the final item 
from upstairs - a blindfold - and slotted it down over her eyes.  I lifted my legs into the air and pulled off my trousers and underwear.  I put my 
legs back down and looked down at my hard cock.  Time for my slave to get used to the more intimate details.

I leant forward and grabbed a bunch of her hair.  I gently pulled her forwards and she shuffled towards me.  I guided her between my legs and pulled 
her head towards my cock.  She overbalanced just as she was almost there and I felt her hands grab my ankles as she fell forward, her nose and lips 
banging into my dick.  I was about to tell her to move them but changed my mind.

"Keep your hands on my ankles.  If I feel them move, you will be learning how to deep-throat.  Now, kiss my cock."  Amanda began kissing up and down 
the 
length of my shaft, planting her lips on my member over and over again.  "Tell me that you want to suck me off."

"Please master, I want to give you a blow job."  She sounded sincere, which was pleasing.

"Put the head in your mouth."  Amanda did so.  I gazed down at the blindfolded woman, looking at the way my white shaft disappeared into her black 
mouth, the two colours contrasting elegantly.  I grabbed her hair with both hands and began forcing her head up and down my dick.  It probably would 
have produced better sensations if I had let her give the blow job herself, but I wanted to demonstrate who was in charge.  Her mouth filled, Amanda 
was unable to complain, but her hands did not leave my legs as I steadily fucked her mouth.

I went at my own pace, in no hurry to end Amanda's oral subservience.  I began watching the porn rather than Amanda, my hands now on auto-pilot.  The 
two men were sandwiching the girl again; she was bent over having her mouth fucked by one, while the other had her from behind - I couldn't see whether it 
was her pussy or ass - while slapping her derriere.

After a few minutes I could feel myself getting close.  I switched to using one hand to move her head.  When I felt that I was about to come, I yanked 
her head backwards and with a few strokes of my hand, finished myself off.  I came, jets of semen flying from my cock into Amanda's face.  She 
flinched as it hit her cheek, but I held her firm.  One streak ran from her brow, another from the blindfold over her right eye.  Come ran down her 
nose and was about to run further to her mouth.  Her left cheek had two spots while her chin had received another load.

"Don't move one bit," I told her.  I was still holding her there, but I didn't want her to try to remove any of the semen with her hands or tongue.  I 
picked 
up the digital camera beside me and took a few pictures.  With her blindfold on, her face was unrecognisable.  My new sub looked good with come as 
make-up.
When I had taken the pictures I let go of her and took her blindfold off, careful not to disturb any of my markings on her.

"Go to the bathroom and take out the plug and clean it.  Only when I have inspected it will you be allowed to touch your face.  If I see any bits 
smudged, you are in trouble."  Amanda nodded and ran off to the bathroom.  She returned with the plug, but I looked at her face first.  The come from 
her forehead had run down to the left of her nose and close to her eye.  The come from her nose was now dribbling into her mouth.  The bit from her 
chin was running down her neck.  None of it seemed to have been touched.  I checked the plug, and then handed her a tissue, which she used to wipe her 
face clean.

"You may get dressed again," I told her.  It was now only lunchtime, but for the rest of the day I did not do anything as tough.  Periodically during 
the day, I told her to pull down her trousers and underwear to show me her private parts.  Sometimes it would be only seconds, another time I made her 
remain there for half an hour, bent over in front of me again as I watched TV.  After our evening meal I made her shave her pussy.  She seemed nervous 
about doing so, and me taking pictures probably didn't help.  Amanda managed it without cutting herself however, which pleased me.  I occupied her 
for the remainder of the evening by making her start to write an erotic account of our weekend, and how she felt about it.  As tempted as I was, I 
stuck 
with my initial decision to not read it until she had finished, which would not be until the end of the weekend.  When it became time for bed, I 
changed things from the previous night.

"You are going to sleep naked - except for the collar of course - in my double bed with me tonight," I told Amanda.  "Tomorrow morning I want you to 
wake me up having showered, wearing 
the clothes that we bought today.  No underwear.  I'm going to have a shower now.  You go to bed, but I want you to still be awake when I join you."  
I showered, thinking of the events of the past day.  I became erect easily, but resisted the temptation to masturbate.  I joined Amanda naked in bed.  
She was still awake, but fairly sleepy.  I left her for a few minutes until I thought she might be almost asleep.

"Slave," I said, placing my hand on her back.  She did not answer.  "Slave?"

"Yes?" she said blearily.

"Suck my dick.  This time, swallow it all."  I waited to see what she would say.  After a slight pause she rolled over to face me and dipped her head 
beneath the covers.  I smiled.  She might just have been researching being a slave, but she certainly had potential.  

* * *

I awoke when Amanda gently shook me.  As I had ordered, she was stood before me in her new clothes.  I dressed and we went downstairs for breakfast.  

An hour later I was driving us to a supermarket on the edge of the city.  I parked in the furthest corner of the car park, facing the busy 
dual-carriageway.  I sat for a moment watching the cars whizz past.

"All I want you to do for me now is go into the supermarket and buy me, oh, let's say a tub of margarine.  But before you go, you must hand me your 
scarf."  We sat in silence for a moment as Amanda mulled it over.  She undid her scarf and handed it to me.  I smiled and handed her some money.  She 
got out of the car and 
began walking towards the store.  I watched her go in the rear view mirror, barely able to make 
out the black collar as she walked away.  She looked good in her boots, skirt and blouse.

After a few minutes I took a travel-size packet of tissues from the glove compartment, put them in my pocket  
and went outside to sit on the front of the car.  There was a chill in the air, making it almost cold enough to warrant wearing a coat.  Colder than I 
had expected, but not cold enough for me to change my plans.  I sat watching the traffic go by until Amanda returned, wondering if any of them were 
looking at this unexciting deserted corner of the car park.

Amanda put the margarine down on the car, making a slight bang.   I got up and turned to face her.  "How was that?"

"Quite difficult," she admitted.  "I had quite a few people give me funny looks, but no-one actually said anything."

"Well done for doing that," I told her.   "Now, I want you to bend over the front of the car here, facing the windscreen.  Hands as close as you can 
get to the wing mirrors."

Amanda did as she was told.  My car had a high front, coming up to just below her waist.  She bent over it and stretched her hands out.  Her breasts 
ended up dangling just above the paintwork of the car, not quite touching.  I pulled the bottom of her skirt up beyond her waist, so that it turned 
inside out and stayed in place nicely.  As I ran my hands over her ass I could feel the bumps formed by the cold.  I walked round to the side of the 
car.

"I wonder how many people in the cars over there are looking that way," I said out loud.  "Not many, but a few perhaps.  They're getting a good view 
right now aren't they?"

"I suppose so," Amanda said, speaking as if through gritted teeth.

"I guess it's more likely that someone from the supermarket will look over.  It's pretty quiet and not many are looking this way, but maybe a few will 
catch a glimpse of what is happening.  If you had been more used to this sort of thing then I probably would 
have chosen somewhere a little more prominent, but I think this is a good starting place for being out in public."  After finished my diatribe I 
picked up the margarine and walked behind her again.  I took off the top and began smearing my fingers in the tub.

I ran a slick finger down the line between her outstretched buttocks until I felt the familiar circular dip.  I ran my finger around the edge a couple 
of times, and then pushed in the centre.  Her ass gave way and my finger slid inside.  She was very tight, and I took a minute or so just to push my 
finger all the way in due to the resistance that her closed insides gave me.

I withdrew the finger and returned to push at her wrinkled hole with two fingers.  She grunted as I slid them both all the way in, stretching her 
open.  I wondered if she would tell me to stop when I added the third finger, but to her credit she accepted it without complaint.

"Your ass is ripe for fucking," I said, to tease her.  At least I had planned to say it to tease her, but as I stood there I realised her ass was just 
about ready for it and I was already quite hard.  I had no condom, but decided not to let that stop me.  I began undoing my trousers with my free left 
hand and pulling down my underwear, while I withdrew my fingers from her ass to begin lubricating my dick using the margarine.  

I guided the head of my cock to her still slightly-gaping ass-hole.  In one smooth thrust I plunged my greased dick into her waiting ass.

"Oh god," Amanda said as I filled her anal passage.  I stood still, letting her get used to the feeling.

"Give me your left hand," I told her.  She did so, and her body tilted to that side as her body sagged down to rest on the car.  I took her left hand 
in mine and held it behind her back.

"And your right."  She hesitated.  "Now," I said sternly as I forcefully spanked her right buttock.  That jolted her into action, and she reached her 
right arm behind her, letting the weight of her upper body rest on her face and breasts, squashed against the red paintwork.  I held both hands by the 
wrists, keeping them just above the small of her back.

"I want you to count my thrusts out loud," I told her, "until I come.  Every fifth thrust instead of saying the number, I want you to say 'fuck me 
harder'.  So begin counting now."

Amanda did: "One... two.... three... four... ugh, fuck me harder, six, seven, uh-eight, nine, fuck me harder, eleven, oh god, twelve, thirteen, fourt- 
oh m-fuck me harder, sixteen-seventeeneightEENNINET- FUCK ME HARDER!" As I came in her ass with a few final viciously quick thrusts she began shouting 
from the overload of sensation, and probably some small measure of pain.  I almost fell forward on her as I had my orgasm, feeling my come pump 
forcefully into 
her 
violated ass.

I let go of her hands and reached awkwardly down into my trouser pocket.  When I had the tissues in my hands I withdrew and began wiping my greasy 
dick.  When I had cleaned myself I looked across at her ass, still holding the tissues.  It was gaping wide, and I could see come near the outside.  I 
had a sudden idea, and shoved the tissues I held in my hand into her ass, plugging it.  I added a few more for good measure, and then pulled her skirt 
back down over her ass.

"Get in the car," I told her, "It's time to go home."

"Did you enjoy that?" Amanda asked as she sat down in the passenger seat.  Apart from the counting, it was the only thing she had said since she had 
bent over the car.

"Very much."

"It feels weird," Amanda said as I started the engine.

"The sex or the tissues?"

"Both," she replied, squirming in her seat.  

* * *

"I need a bath," I declared as I pulled up at the house.  "You are to run me one when we get in the house.  Do not touch the tissues until I let you."  
When we got inside I sat in the lounge reading a newspaper until Amanda returned to tell me that the bath was ready.  I picked up the blindfold - 
still with a come-stain on it from earlier I realised - and followed her to the bathroom.

I put the blindfold on Amanda and handed her a towel.  "Hold this until I'm finished," I said.  I stripped off as she stayed standing in the middle of 
the bathroom.  I slipped into the relaxing warm bath.  I considered whether to engage Amanda in conversation, but decided that her task would be more 
dominating if I did not.  I must have lain in the bath for half an hour before deciding to get out.  I stepped out of the bath, took the towel from 
Amanda and began drying myself.

"You may remove the tissues now," I told her as I left the bathroom.  I headed to my bedroom and got dressed.  I knew Amanda had to leave 
mid-afternoon and it was already lunchtime, so I made her resume work on her typed account of the weekend so that she would finish it before she 
left.

"Just a few questions," I told Amanda when it was nearly time for her to go.  "How hard did you find complying with what I asked?"

"I wasn't expecting it to be quite so difficult," she admitted.  "But I surprised myself really, as I didn't come too close to stopping at any point."

"And was it useful for your research?"

"Incredibly."  Whatever else you could say about Amanda, she seemed to be a woman of few words.  Around me, anyway.

"Would you consider doing it with someone else in the scene for your research?"

"I doubt it.  If I didn't know them, I'm not sure I'd do it."

"Would you consider doing it again with me?"

"I think my report on the weekend will answer that one.  It's saved on your computer."  Amanda smiled as she said it, but I still couldn't tell 
whether that meant yes or no.

"Ok, I will read that.  Thanks for a fun weekend, I'm sure I'll see you around."

"Thank you for helping me with my research.  Goodbye."  With that Amanda took off the collar and left.

As for what was in her written account, that's another story.


	

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





