BDSM Library - The refusal




The refusal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  School.html
  
   
  
 
 
  
   "Hey, Juli! Get your ass over here and suck my dick!"&nbsp;Juli looked disgusted but mockingly at Ben "Are you sick? This is a school and not one of the cat-houses you usually go to..."&nbsp;The two girls she was chatting with giggled. "Schoolbitch or other bitches - you just dump you cum and drop the pussy that's it" Ben replied. "And now it's not even you puss I want to see, I only want your lips caressing my Johnny..." "Well then..." Juli came over to Ben "...you know whats you're fucking problem, Ben?" She put her hand on his shoulder, to stress the good advice she wanted to give him. Unfortunately good advices wasn't really what Ben was up to. So it really surprised her when he punch her in the stomach and head-locked her. 
   "Well then, still so mighty Miss Asswiggle? You fucking well know that you ain't got a chance. It's either a cum-shot here or a visit at the SO" "Fuck you, wanker!" "So off we go to have a chat with the SO" 
   Juli full well knew what the SO would say. About four months before the government had decided to fight the problems of sexual violence and female discrimination by simply legalizing it, and in that time also established the SO&nbsp;(which was a abbreviation for 'Officer&nbsp;for the maintenance of the&nbsp;submission of the lower sex' or simply 'Submission Officer'). So she just could not expect to get away with what she just did, but being ordered to submit at least saved her pride. And maybe there was even a glimpse of hope... Cause after all the SO hadn't done to much to enforce the submission or suppression at this school.
   By then they had reached the SO's office. "Still sticking to your decision, cunt?" Juli's increasing struggle seemed to be about the only answer he could expect so he knocked. "Come in!" the SO called from inside. "Good morning, Herr Bernhof" Ben said. "Hi, what was your name again... Sorry but there are so many boys around..." "Ben... my name is Ben" "Well, Ben what's the matter. And why do you bring this girl in here?" "Well, I..." Even for a boy it was still unused to just tell somebody a girl had rejected him. "Can I first close the door, cause otherwise she'll run away" "Sure" Ben closed the door and then released Juli. But of course she started to kick and struggle again as soon as she was free to. "Stop that!" Herr Bernhof screamed. He stood up for his desk, walked over to Juli and shook her&nbsp;"Who the fuck do you think you are?" Juli stopped. "Answer me!" "I.... I'm so..." "Speak up, if you talk to men! But probably it's best if you shut up completely and let Ben do the talking. Ben?" "Well&nbsp;sir" "Oh, just call me Bern, that'll do..." " Well sir, eh, Herr Bern, Bern... I was..." "Now come on what kind of trouble with a slut like that can give you problems like that. Now tell me..." "Well, I asked Juli, that's her, I asked Juli to suck my dick and she refused. She even ridiculed me" "She what? Are you sick, bitch?" "I..." "Shut up! You'll only make things worse..." "Well, Ben you're completely right to notice me of that. That's exactly what I'm here for. Unfortunately I was so busy doing all the paper-work&nbsp;necessary to establish the new male dominance, that i could take care of things as much as I obviously should have...." "That's all right" Ben said, he already felt so familiar with this guy, not at all like before when he had to talk to the secretary of the principal. "No it's not, and I will take this incidence as a occasion to make that clear." By now Juli was sobbing. He went back to his desk and put a finger on the&nbsp;school's inter-phone system "to everybody, this is the SO speaking. I appoint an assembly in half an hour at 13:05&nbsp;in the big hall. Presence is obligatory to everybody. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer to my office immediately"&nbsp;when he took his finger off the button he hesitated a moment thinking what to do next. But when a malicious smile started to rise on his face, Ben knew he had decided. "Ben" the SO put his hand on Ben's shoulder "how would you like to be my assistant?"&nbsp;Ben was overwhelmed with pride. "Yes... yes sure I'd love that..." "So then I want you both to sit on these chairs an wait till the assembly. I promise you'll get your dick sucked by this whore. But have a little patience. There's not so much time left til the assembly. And these wannabe teacher sluts aren't here already..." He again went to the inter-phone "Frau Bernhof and Frau Fleischer get your asses in here. Fast!" Then he turned to Ben "You know these teachers? Cause I only was handed a file on them as being kind of women's liberators both of them but I don't know them personally" Oh, Ben knew them. He knew them better than he liked. The two of them and a couple more of them had forced them to learn the whole shit these fems deemed important: female writers, female scientists on so on. Once Robert and Ben had dared to ask&nbsp;if they couldn't learn something more interesting. But this question ended in one month of cleaning the yard and their parents being asked to talk to the principal. Ben told the SO, or Bern, as the SO insisted should call him, this and other stories. And since times had changed now they could laugh about it. They were still laughing when the two teachers knocked and came in together. Obviously they had not dared to step in alone. The SO gave an approving whistle. Both women were dressed in knee-long skirts and blouses and blazers. And both were blushing. Though it wasn't easy to tell whether it was for shame or hate. But who cared... "Well, did you finally make it" "Yes. Well sir, we..." "Look honey, that what you fems want to get called, isn't it, if I say move your ass in here I expect you to hurry up. You can run, don't you?" "..." "Don't you, sluts" "Yes, sir, we can run." "Sure" "Sure" "We'll check that. Five rounds on the tracks. I give you seven minutes"&nbsp;"But sir, we both wear high heels" "Oh, that's something else. I'm sorry." He seemed calm again so Frau Neuhof dared to add "But we really can run, Herr SO"&nbsp;"Ben, would you press this button til I tell you to let go?" He pointed at the inter-phone. Ben walked to the SO's desk suspiciously looking at Juli and pressed the button. When the SO saw the Ben was ready he burst out "get your asses and titties&nbsp;moving and fucking run these five rounds on the tracks!!! To everybody this is the SO speaking. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer are going to run in high heels on the tracks. It'll sure be fun to watch. So go the the window or the tracks and enjoy. Assembly will start ten minutes later at 13:15. See you!"&nbsp;Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer looked unbelieving at each other but when the SO gripped their shoulders and literally kicked their asses out of this office, they started to run. "Seven minutes. Not a second more" the SO screamed after them. Then a big cheering and laughing marked the teachers' arrival at the tracks. He turned back to Ben. "Now, how did you like that?" Ben just smiled. "Now just let sit down and wait..." He walked back behind his desk and started to search something and Ben sat back on the bench next to Juli. When the SO had found what he had looked for he was pleased to see that Ben's hands were busy all over Juli. And although Juli was full clothed she seemed to feel very uncomfortable. Ben noticed the SO's looks and smiled at him "want to join in?" "No, thanks, not now, maybe later. It's only half a minute to go and I'm really looking forward to what's about to happen..."&nbsp;Only seconds after that Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer come in. Gasping and followed by a cheering crowd. Both didn't wear the blazers anymore. And they didn't have the in their hands. The SO closed the door behind them putting the crowd of to the assembly. When he turned his face&nbsp;back to the teachers both were staring at Ben fondling Juli. "But... that... that. Stop it, Ben. Immediately!" Frau Neuhof&nbsp;cried. For a second Ben stopped, looked at Frau Neuhof&nbsp;then at the SO and then continued to let his fingers explore the miserable girl's jeans covered crotch. "Fuck you, bitch. You're next on my list" Ben simply said. "Now. I... I can't believe what I just heard. Did you hear what that rascal said to me, Linda?" She asked Frau Fleischer. But the other one seemed to have resigned. "Linda?" the SO laughed "that's cute. And what's your name, honey?" Frau Neuhof&nbsp;hesitated for a moment but then decided that her name was probably really worth the fight and answered "Kathrin". "Kathrin. That's cute. And what's you're working-name in the cat-house?" the SO laughed and Kathrin just bristled with anger. "But let's stop the fun and get busy." He put the box where all the things Linda and Kathrin as former women's representatives had confiscated were collected on the table. He took a few things out. "Put that on for the assembly. I want you to help me." Both women took the things and went pale. "You...you can't" "Better don't bet on it. I can. I can and will..." "Where are we supposed to change?" "Well here, of course. Oh, and I want you naked under it. NAKED -&nbsp;got that? N-A-K-E-D" "In here? You really think we will degrade ourselves in front of you and that....that...boy?" "Why not?" "I can't believe. This fucking govern...." "Stop it, Kathrin, it's already bad enough. Don't make it worse." And with that&nbsp;Frau Fleischer former women's representative of the school, old-school feminist and formerly respected teacher started to unbutton her blouse. Only to be followed by her companion in thought Frau Neuhof. Ben had even stopped his hands on Juli. Until then he had not seen to many female teachers undressing in front of him. After about three minutes, that were as entertaining to Ben and the SO as they were terribly humiliating to the both teachers and even only for being forced to watch&nbsp;for Juli also, the women were done. Ben just stared. He could not believe his eyes.
   Both were standing in bunny costumes. And the costumes consisted only of a swim-suit like gown that had furry tails and boots.&nbsp;The costumes were made for a Easter&nbsp;party where to girls who had lost bets had to wear them. Well, they were supposed to wear them but exactly those two who right now wore them had confiscated them for being "debasing women". Ben&nbsp; got up to enjoy the sight. "You like it?" the SO asked Ben. "Me... yes, sure. It's really perfect... Sssshhhhiiit. Wow. You can perfectly see their cunt-lips." "Yeah, I hoped so. You know this spandex stuff is really elastic. The costumes must be like two or three sizes small for them. But on the other hand it flattens their tits. That's a bit of a pity... But go ahead touch them.." "Don't you dare..." Frau Fleischer hissed. "What was that? Did bunny-cunt say something?" And she kept quiet and frightened watched Ben's hand pinching her mate's cunt-lips knowing, fearing, expecting that he would do this to her as well. "Oh, that's cute as well..." SO said. "But wait a minute... if you..... and that.... yes, I think that's perfect. Ben have a look!" "shit, no" Frau Neuhof&nbsp;muttered. "Whoa!" Ben laughed "that's cool" The SO had taken the headband with the bunny ears and fixed two dildos in the pink part of the ears. "Put them on their heads." Ben took them. "Kneel down!" he ordered the teachers. "Fast learner!" the SO commented. And Ben blushed a bit. "Kneel down, I said!" Pressing both teachers down. He really enjoyed this. The women's faces were exactly on the level of his zipper. That was just to tempting. He stepped in front of Frau Fleischer and raised the headband. "Well, Linda, here we go. Oh, but maybe you want to get more acquainted with you new ears. Lick them!" He held the ears with the dildos in front of her mouth. When she didn't obey he pressed the dildos against her lips. "Now now, suck it. You know, that's fun, it all started this morning with Juli refusing to suck and now: here I am your former victim, in front of my teacher-bitch in a skimpy bunny costume sucking dildos. I think I like this day." Finally&nbsp;Frau Fleischer forced herself to stick her tongue out and lick it a few times. "Well, you don't seem enthusiastic, but we'll accept that for now..." He raised the hairband again but instead of just putting it on her head he first pressed her face into his crotch. And then he put the hairband on&nbsp;her head. After he had enjoyed her tears against his dick for some more seconds he ordered her "Get up, Dildoear!". Then he turned to his other victim for the same procedure. 
   Finally, both were completely prepared for the assembly. And the SO noticed that the clock in his office already showed 13:13. "Let's go. Ben you take Juli with you on the stage. Dildoears, you hide behind the curtain until&nbsp;I call you. Everyone on their places..." And off they went to the assembly hall.
   
   When they entered the hall, only few people were there. Mostly chatting. And nobody noticed the two women that hid behind the curtains. Two minutes later the hall was full. The SO walked to the mic and started his speak:&nbsp;
   "Dear boys. You all heard the fundamental improvements of this land. The main point of these reforms was the reestablishment of male dominance. In the process of implementing this idea into this state's laws, our government had the brilliant idea to get rid of all these women's-lib-laws that existed in the old law-books. The law concerning the crime formerly known as 'rape'. Whatever that was supposed to be...&nbsp;(Laughing in the public)... and other feminist pipe dreams. 
   What was missing until now was the implementation and sometimes enforcement of these ideas in smaller institutions. Like this school. Even I, and I'm exclusively&nbsp;responsible for it, didn't manage to let you enjoy to full fruits of the changes. And the first fruits you'll enjoy will come as pairs. (SO makes sign with his hands describing the tits of a girl - laughter in public)&nbsp;
   This morning this young lad, Ben, came to my office to complain about the barefaced behavior of this girl. He had asked her to fulfill her duties and she refused. (Girl calling from the public: "He asked her to suck him off!") Yes. Exactly. And who are you? ("I stood with Juli and Jenny when Ben dared to ask this shit!") And what's your name? ("Johanna") Now, I think Johanna and ... (looks at his notes) Jenny should come up here on stage. (both make their way through the crowd) Welcome! Please do sit on one of these chairs and wait a minute. Where was I? Right. I failed to share the fruits... (SO smiles, public giggles)&nbsp;I am deeply sorry&nbsp;for that&nbsp;but I was busy doing all the paper-work that comes with changes. Especially such profound changes as we saw them. Anyway, after this Gentleman, Ben, came to my office I decided that something has to be done. First I made Ben my assistant. Ben, get up and come her, my Vice-SO! (Ben walks to the SO). He waited all the morning to get what is his anyway. But before we start with the more, let's say practical part of the assembly, I want some of the older guys to position themselves at the doors and one to get me two cameras from the media-room. (the orders are carried out) Let's just wait for the cameras! (SO sits down and waits. After about two minutes a boy gives the cameras to the SO. SO gets up again.) Thank you, Robert. Well, now that we are prepared things can start. Ben, Juli come here. (they do so) Ben, now is the time to get what you asked for. Juli will now get on her knees and give you a blow-job and&nbsp;the other two will film it. (protest from all three girls) Shut up! (SO slaps one of them - Johanna - in the face) And be grateful you only have to film it. At least for now. (SO pats Johanna's bum. Laughter in the&nbsp;public) Well, I don't want to embarrass Ben so we do continue while he shows Juli her place. You'll all be able to watch this and all forthcoming movies on the school's homepage. (Cheering in the&nbsp;public)
   Now, first thing I like to do is to introduce a school uniform. (boohs in the&nbsp;public) But only for the girls. (Cheering in the public) You may think this will be expensive, but I can assure you I dealt with that. This morning I discussed the matter with Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer and both assured me that the female staff of this school will completely cover all expenses needed to make up for the damages caused by their ideological feminist blindness. (great cheering but also surprise) Some of you don't seem to trust my words, so I have to ask Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer both to step next to me and repeat their offer. (both teachers come out of their cover. The hall is completely astonished) Come here, my dear bunnies. (they stand next to him) Hey folks, you like what you see? ("Yeah! Sure!") Have you noticed you really can see their cunts? ("Noooooo") Come on bunnies, step in front of your loving public and show them! (they don't move) Show those boys your fuck-holes! (as&nbsp;they don't move again. So takes them by the necks and pushes them to the edge of the stage)&nbsp;See that? ("Yeah") So now, these sluts want to tell you something (all three back to the mic. SO gives the mic to Kathrin. She hesitates.) What's up got a cock in your mouth? (SO and public laughing) (Finally, Kathrin, finds her voice and starts with a very low voice to say: "We Frau Fleischer and I are deeply sorry for what we've done in all the years." - Public:"Louder, I can't hear the bitch" - "I said we both are very sorry. As part of our excuse - especially to all you boys we called 'sexists' while you only tried to show us our place&nbsp;- we decided that the female staff will pay for all expenses caused by our foolishness. As part of this we will pay the first set of school uniforms. The details of which our dear SO, will give you now.") Due to the amount of guilt these two women have, I propose that they now come down to you to ask for your forgiveness personally. And remember: no woman can charge a man! (two boys from the crowd pull the two teachers into the public) Let's see how Ben is doing. (Ben has taken off Juli's top; leaving her half-naked)&nbsp;Hey, that's a nice set of boobs. Ben make her wiggle those tits for us once. (Ben does.) Thanks. Well to the uniform. As I already mentioned the uniform is for girls only but with them it's obligatory. Since we are not going to wait any longer and about two hundred uniforms will take their time, I decided to establish an interim arrangement. From tomorrow&nbsp;on girls will either wear boots, a skirt no longer than half the length of their thighs, and white blouses. For sports two dresses are allowed: for swimming girls will wear white one-piece swimsuits, for other sports the same in black. Both suits will be at least to sizes small. This will make them look like the bunnies you just saw. 
   For your past-time you will buy new micro-bikinis. These whose bottom parts look a bit like dental floss... (laughter in boy-public; sobbing among the girls).&nbsp;Ha, hear them sobbing. That always give me a hard on. But one more thing, to order the&nbsp;first set of uniforms you will all bring a form like that (pulls a form from his notes) filled in with you sizes and&nbsp;measures. You know I just thought it might be funny to also know the sizes of cocks you already experienced in your holes, girls (sobbing gets louder). You will find all the results on the homepage as well. Now, take the forms, girls. Oh, and don't get the idea to not take one. Who gave us no form won't get a uniform and as uniforms are the only clothing you're allowed to wear then... And that counts from tomorrow on!&nbsp;Boys, let's see how Juli is doing. Ben? (Ben comes to the mic and zips his pants on the way.) How was she? ("Bad") Really. Well, I'm sorry to hear this. Juli come here (Juli comes to the mic. The cum still in her face and still naked for her belt upward. SO pinches her mockingly in one of her nipples.) I had to hear you weren't satisfying? Any excuses? ("No") No, what? (SO puts his hand on her crotch. "No, sirs") And what you think we should do about it? ("I....I don't know, Sir") Ben, any ideas? (Ben: "Yes, Bern, I thought I could train her a bit") Good idea! What do you think, fuck-hole? (Juli blushed and lowers her head. A drop of cum falls from her nose, probably because it mixes with her tears. Ben:&nbsp;"Didn't you hear?"&nbsp;- Juli: "Yes, Sir, Ben Sir, I heard your generous offer, but&nbsp;I fear I'm not worth your time? And won't that be expensive?" - Ben: "Well, you're right you definitely aren't worth my time. Still, somebody has to care. And as you will pay me 500 euro a day I'm fine with that" - Juli: "500..." - "Work has its price!"&nbsp;- "Is .. is there no other option?" - "Shall we leave her a choice?") No, no choice. But I think you can take more than 500. Take 750. And now, out of my eyes with this bitch. Ben, tell me when your done with her. I want to give her a try after-wards... Well, that is done. How about the forms.&nbsp;(He goes to the bunch of paper at the edge of the stage and picks the forms up. He gives them to Johanna and Jenny.) Sort every tenth out on an extra pile! (They start) Now, where are our Women Libbers? Hey, whoa, she really drinks your piss? How's that come? ("She was afraid of the alternative") Which was? ("Taking her home as a slave for the weekend") I tell you what you guys keep her for the weekend. I really like your stile... (Johanna and Jenny come to the SO to return the two piles of forms) Done? (Both nodding) Now, put your forms on the smaller pile as well ("I...We...we didn't get a form. There weren't enough copies of it") Well... I'm really sorry. But that's not such a problem you just leave your clothes at home from tomorrow on. ("No Sir, please... We...we could suck your dick whatever you want... just not that.") Sorry, but you surely aren't the ones to decide who is going to fuck you or get sucked by you. But since you dared to give me this bullshit you both will strip to your lingerie. ("Nooooo") Strip! (Both obey. The day has been far to clear to try to resist. Standing in their bra and undies both expect what comes next) You may have wondered, what the small pile is for. I'll tell you. I knew there weren't enough copies but still too much. So, every tenth girl won't get a uniform. Meaning they will be naked instead. And since I really love unlucky girls, the names of the girls in this pile will be undressed not tomorrow but now! (Boys: "Yiha!"). I thank you all for your patience. Johanna and Jenny read the names of the girls. And after that you'll ask&nbsp;the boys for permission to keep your tits and cunt covered. Good luck! See you tomorrow everybody!"
   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   comments and stuff go to: educatingjustine@web.de
  
 












application/x-abiword
AbiWord











hello everybody, finally I've made it to write an update to this story. I hope you enjoy it. I beg your pardon that my English isn't as good as I'd like it to be. Unfortunately I also lost the email of a nice guy who offered to to proof-read my stories. If somebody would go to the pains of it...
Mail goes to: educatingjustine@web.de

The Refusal

I.

"Hey, Juli! Get your ass over here and suck my dick!" Juli looked disgusted but mockingly at Ben "Are you sick? This is a school and not one of the cat-houses you usually go to..." The two girls she was chatting with giggled. "Schoolbitch or other bitches - you just dump you cum and drop the pussy that's it" Ben replied. "And now it's not even you puss I want to see, I only want your lips caressing my Johnny..." "Well then..." Juli came over to Ben "...you know what's you're fucking problem, Ben?" She put her hand on his shoulder, to stress the good advice she wanted to give him. Unfortunately good advices wasn't really what Ben was up to. So it really surprised her when he punch her in the stomach and head-locked her. 
"Well then, still so mighty Miss Asswiggle? You fucking well know that you ain't got a chance. It's either a cum-shot here or a visit at the SO" "Fuck you, wanker!" "So off we go to have a chat with the SO" 
Juli full well knew what the SO would say. About four months before the government had decided to fight the problems of sexual violence and female discrimination by simply legalizing it, and in that time also established the SO (which was a abbreviation for 'Officer for the maintenance of the submission of the lower sex' or simply 'Submission Officer'). So she just could not expect to get away with what she just did, but being ordered to submit at least saved her pride. And maybe there was even a glimpse of hope... Cause after all the SO hadn't done to much to enforce the submission or suppression at this school.
By then they had reached the SO's office. "Still sticking to your decision, cunt?" Juli's increasing struggle seemed to be about the only answer he could expect so he knocked. "Come in!" the SO called from inside. "Good morning, Herr Bernhof" Ben said. "Hi, what was your name again... Sorry but there are so many boys around..." "Ben... my name is Ben" "Well, Ben what's the matter. And why do you bring this girl in here?" "Well, I..." Even for a boy it was still unused to just tell somebody a girl had rejected him. "Can I first close the door, cause otherwise she'll run away" "Sure" Ben closed the door and then released Juli. But of course she started to kick and struggle again as soon as she was free to. "Stop that!" Herr Bernhof screamed. He stood up for his desk, walked over to Juli and shook her "Who the fuck do you think you are?" Juli stopped. "Answer me!" "I.... I'm so..." "Speak up, if you talk to men! But probably it's best if you shut up completely and let Ben do the talking. Ben?" "Well sir" "Oh, just call me Bern, that'll do..." " Well sir, eh, Herr Bern, Bern... I was..." "Now come on what kind of trouble with a slut like that can give you problems like that. Now tell me..." "Well, I asked Juli, that's her, I asked Juli to suck my dick and she refused. She even ridiculed me" "She what? Are you sick, bitch?" "I..." "Shut up! You'll only make things worse..." "Well, Ben you're completely right to notice me of that. That's exactly what I'm here for. Unfortunately I was so busy doing all the paper-work necessary to establish the new male dominance, that i could take care of things as much as I obviously should have...." "That's all right" Ben said, he already felt so familiar with this guy, not at all like before when he had to talk to the secretary of the principal. "No it's not, and I will take this incidence as a occasion to make that clear." By now Juli was sobbing. He went back to his desk and put a finger on the school's inter-phone system "to everybody, this is the SO speaking. I appoint an assembly in half an hour at 13:05 in the big hall. Presence is obligatory to everybody. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer to my office immediately" when he took his finger off the button he hesitated a moment thinking what to do next. But when a malicious smile started to rise on his face, Ben knew he had decided. "Ben" the SO put his hand on Ben's shoulder "how would you like to be my assistant?" Ben was overwhelmed with pride. "Yes... yes sure I'd love that..." "So then I want you both to sit on these chairs an wait till the assembly. I promise you'll get your dick sucked by this whore. But have a little patience. There's not so much time left til the assembly. And these wannabe teacher sluts aren't here already..." He again went to the inter-phone "Frau Bernhof and Frau Fleischer get your asses in here. Fast!" Then he turned to Ben "You know these teachers? Cause I only was handed a file on them as being kind of women's liberators both of them but I don't know them personally" Oh, Ben knew them. He knew them better than he liked. The two of them and a couple more of them had forced them to learn the whole shit these fems deemed important: female writers, female scientists on so on. Once Robert and Ben had dared to ask if they couldn't learn something more interesting. But this question ended in one month of cleaning the yard and their parents being asked to talk to the principal. Ben told the SO, or Bern, as the SO insisted should call him, this and other stories. And since times had changed now they could laugh about it. They were still laughing when the two teachers knocked and came in together. Obviously they had not dared to step in alone. The SO gave an approving whistle. Both women were dressed in knee-long skirts and blouses and blazers. And both were blushing. Though it wasn't easy to tell whether it was for shame or hate. But who cared... "Well, did you finally make it" "Yes. Well sir, we..." "Look honey, that what you fems want to get called, isn't it, if I say move your ass in here I expect you to hurry up. You can run, don't you?" "..." "Don't you, sluts" "Yes, sir, we can run." "Sure" "Sure" "We'll check that. Five rounds on the tracks. I give you seven minutes" "But sir, we both wear high heels" "Oh, that's something else. I'm sorry." He seemed calm again so Frau Neuhof dared to add "But we really can run, Herr SO" "Ben, would you press this button til I tell you to let go?" He pointed at the inter-phone. Ben walked to the SO's desk suspiciously looking at Juli and pressed the button. When the SO saw the Ben was ready he burst out "get your asses and titties moving and fucking run these five rounds on the tracks!!! To everybody this is the SO speaking. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer are going to run in high heels on the tracks. It'll sure be fun to watch. So go the the window or the tracks and enjoy. Assembly will start ten minutes later at 13:15. See you!" Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer looked unbelieving at each other but when the SO gripped their shoulders and literally kicked their asses out of this office, they started to run. "Seven minutes. Not a second more" the SO screamed after them. Then a big cheering and laughing marked the teachers' arrival at the tracks. He turned back to Ben. "Now, how did you like that?" Ben just smiled. "Now just let sit down and wait..." He walked back behind his desk and started to search something and Ben sat back on the bench next to Juli. When the SO had found what he had looked for he was pleased to see that Ben's hands were busy all over Juli. And although Juli was full clothed she seemed to feel very uncomfortable. Ben noticed the SO's looks and smiled at him "want to join in?" "No, thanks, not now, maybe later. It's only half a minute to go and I'm really looking forward to what's about to happen..." Only seconds after that Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer come in. Gasping and followed by a cheering crowd. Both didn't wear the blazers anymore. And they didn't have the in their hands. The SO closed the door behind them putting the crowd of to the assembly. When he turned his face back to the teachers both were staring at Ben fondling Juli. "But... that... that. Stop it, Ben. Immediately!" Frau Neuhof cried. For a second Ben stopped, looked at Frau Neuhof then at the SO and then continued to let his fingers explore the miserable girl's jeans covered crotch. "Fuck you, bitch. You're next on my list" Ben simply said. "Now. I... I can't believe what I just heard. Did you hear what that rascal said to me, Linda?" She asked Frau Fleischer. But the other one seemed to have resigned. "Linda?" the SO laughed "that's cute. And what's your name, honey?" Frau Neuhof hesitated for a moment but then decided that her name was probably really worth the fight and answered "Kathrin". "Kathrin. That's cute. And what's you're working-name in the cat-house?" the SO laughed and Kathrin just bristled with anger. "But let's stop the fun and get busy." He put the box where all the things Linda and Kathrin as former women's representatives had confiscated were collected on the table. He took a few things out. "Put that on for the assembly. I want you to help me." Both women took the things and went pale. "You...you can't" "Better don't bet on it. I can. I can and will..." "Where are we supposed to change?" "Well here, of course. Oh, and I want you naked under it. NAKED - got that? N-A-K-E-D" "In here? You really think we will degrade ourselves in front of you and that....that...boy?" "Why not?" "I can't believe. This fucking govern...." "Stop it, Kathrin, it's already bad enough. Don't make it worse." And with that Frau Fleischer former women's representative of the school, old-school feminist and formerly respected teacher started to unbutton her blouse. Only to be followed by her companion in thought Frau Neuhof. Ben had even stopped his hands on Juli. Until then he had not seen to many female teachers undressing in front of him. After about three minutes, that were as entertaining to Ben and the SO as they were terribly humiliating to the both teachers and even only for being forced to watch for Juli also, the women were done. Ben just stared. He could not believe his eyes.
Both were standing in bunny costumes. And the costumes consisted only of a swim-suit like gown that had furry tails and boots. The costumes were made for a Easter party where to girls who had lost bets had to wear them. Well, they were supposed to wear them but exactly those two who right now wore them had confiscated them for being "debasing women". Ben got up to enjoy the sight. "You like it?" the SO asked Ben. "Me... yes, sure. It's really perfect... Sssshhhhiiit. Wow. You can perfectly see their cunt-lips." "Yeah, I hoped so. You know this spandex stuff is really elastic. The costumes must be like two or three sizes small for them. But on the other hand it flattens their tits. That's a bit of a pity... But go ahead touch them.." "Don't you dare..." Frau Fleischer hissed. "What was that? Did bunny-cunt say something?" And she kept quiet and frightened watched Ben's hand pinching her mate's cunt-lips knowing, fearing, expecting that he would do this to her as well. "Oh, that's cute as well..." SO said. "But wait a minute... if you..... and that.... yes, I think that's perfect. Ben have a look!" "shit, no" Frau Neuhof muttered. "Whoa!" Ben laughed "that's cool" The SO had taken the headband with the bunny ears and fixed two dildos in the pink part of the ears. "Put them on their heads." Ben took them. "Kneel down!" he ordered the teachers. "Fast learner!" the SO commented. And Ben blushed a bit. "Kneel down, I said!" Pressing both teachers down. He really enjoyed this. The women's faces were exactly on the level of his zipper. That was just to tempting. He stepped in front of Frau Fleischer and raised the headband. "Well, Linda, here we go. Oh, but maybe you want to get more acquainted with you new ears. Lick them!" He held the ears with the dildos in front of her mouth. When she didn't obey he pressed the dildos against her lips. "Now now, suck it. You know, that's fun, it all started this morning with Juli refusing to suck and now: here I am your former victim, in front of my teacher-bitch in a skimpy bunny costume sucking dildos. I think I like this day." Finally Frau Fleischer forced herself to stick her tongue out and lick it a few times. "Well, you don't seem enthusiastic, but we'll accept that for now..." He raised the hairband again but instead of just putting it on her head he first pressed her face into his crotch. And then he put the hairband on her head. After he had enjoyed her tears against his dick for some more seconds he ordered her "Get up, Dildoear!". Then he turned to his other victim for the same procedure. 
Finally, both were completely prepared for the assembly. And the SO noticed that the clock in his office already showed 13:13. "Let's go. Ben you take Juli with you on the stage. Dildoears, you hide behind the curtain until I call you. Everyone on their places..." And off they went to the assembly hall.

When they entered the hall, only few people were there. Mostly chatting. And nobody noticed the two women that hid behind the curtains. Two minutes later the hall was full. The SO walked to the mic and started his speak: 
"Dear boys. You all heard the fundamental improvements of this land. The main point of these reforms was the reestablishment of male dominance. In the process of implementing this idea into this state's laws, our government had the brilliant idea to get rid of all these women's-lib-laws that existed in the old law-books. The law concerning the crime formerly known as 'rape'. Whatever that was supposed to be... (Laughing in the public)... and other feminist pipe dreams. 
What was missing until now was the implementation and sometimes enforcement of these ideas in smaller institutions. Like this school. Even I, and I'm exclusively responsible for it, didn't manage to let you enjoy to full fruits of the changes. And the first fruits you'll enjoy will come as pairs. (SO makes sign with his hands describing the tits of a girl - laughter in public) 
This morning this young lad, Ben, came to my office to complain about the barefaced behavior of this girl. He had asked her to fulfill her duties and she refused. (Girl calling from the public: "He asked her to suck him off!") Yes. Exactly. And who are you? ("I stood with Juli and Jenny when Ben dared to ask this shit!") And what's your name? ("Johanna") Now, I think Johanna and ... (looks at his notes) Jenny should come up here on stage. (both make their way through the crowd) Welcome! Please do sit on one of these chairs and wait a minute. Where was I? Right. I failed to share the fruits... (SO smiles, public giggles) I am deeply sorry for that but I was busy doing all the paper-work that comes with changes. Especially such profound changes as we saw them. Anyway, after this Gentleman, Ben, came to my office I decided that something has to be done. First I made Ben my assistant. Ben, get up and come her, my Vice-SO! (Ben walks to the SO). He waited all the morning to get what is his anyway. But before we start with the more, let's say practical part of the assembly, I want some of the older guys to position themselves at the doors and one to get me two cameras from the media-room. (the orders are carried out) Let's just wait for the cameras! (SO sits down and waits. After about two minutes a boy gives the cameras to the SO. SO gets up again.) Thank you, Robert. Well, now that we are prepared things can start. Ben, Juli come here. (they do so) Ben, now is the time to get what you asked for. Juli will now get on her knees and give you a blow-job and the other two will film it. (protest from all three girls) Shut up! (SO slaps one of them - Johanna - in the face) And be grateful you only have to film it. At least for now. (SO pats Johanna's bum. Laughter in the public) Well, I don't want to embarrass Ben so we do continue while he shows Juli her place. You'll all be able to watch this and all forthcoming movies on the school's homepage. (Cheering in the public)
Now, first thing I like to do is to introduce a school uniform. (boohs in the public) But only for the girls. (Cheering in the public) You may think this will be expensive, but I can assure you I dealt with that. This morning I discussed the matter with Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer and both assured me that the female staff of this school will completely cover all expenses needed to make up for the damages caused by their ideological feminist blindness. (great cheering but also surprise) Some of you don't seem to trust my words, so I have to ask Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer both to step next to me and repeat their offer. (both teachers come out of their cover. The hall is completely astonished) Come here, my dear bunnies. (they stand next to him) Hey folks, you like what you see? ("Yeah! Sure!") Have you noticed you really can see their cunts? ("Noooooo") Come on bunnies, step in front of your loving public and show them! (they don't move) Show those boys your fuck-holes! (as they don't move again. So takes them by the necks and pushes them to the edge of the stage) See that? ("Yeah") So now, these sluts want to tell you something (all three back to the mic. SO gives the mic to Kathrin. She hesitates.) What's up got a cock in your mouth? (SO and public laughing) (Finally, Kathrin, finds her voice and starts with a very low voice to say: "We Frau Fleischer and I are deeply sorry for what we've done in all the years." - Public:"Louder, I can't hear the bitch" - "I said we both are very sorry. As part of our excuse - especially to all you boys we called 'sexists' while you only tried to show us our place - we decided that the female staff will pay for all expenses caused by our foolishness. As part of this we will pay the first set of school uniforms. The details of which our dear SO, will give you now.") Due to the amount of guilt these two women have, I propose that they now come down to you to ask for your forgiveness personally. And remember: no woman can charge a man! (two boys from the crowd pull the two teachers into the public) Let's see how Ben is doing. (Ben has taken off Juli's top; leaving her half-naked) Hey, that's a nice set of boobs. Ben make her wiggle those tits for us once. (Ben does.) Thanks. Well to the uniform. As I already mentioned the uniform is for girls only but with them it's obligatory. Since we are not going to wait any longer and about two hundred uniforms will take their time, I decided to establish an interim arrangement. From tomorrow on girls will either wear boots, a skirt no longer than half the length of their thighs, and white blouses. For sports two dresses are allowed: for swimming girls will wear white one-piece swimsuits, for other sports the same in black. Both suits will be at least to sizes small. This will make them look like the bunnies you just saw. 
For your past-time you will buy new micro-bikinis. These whose bottom parts look a bit like dental floss... (laughter in boy-public; sobbing among the girls). Ha, hear them sobbing. That always give me a hard on. But one more thing, to order the first set of uniforms you will all bring a form like that (pulls a form from his notes) filled in with you sizes and measures. You know I just thought it might be funny to also know the sizes of cocks you already experienced in your holes, girls (sobbing gets louder). You will find all the results on the homepage as well. Now, take the forms, girls. Oh, and don't get the idea to not take one. Who gave us no form won't get a uniform and as uniforms are the only clothing you're allowed to wear then... And that counts from tomorrow on! Boys, let's see how Juli is doing. Ben? (Ben comes to the mic and zips his pants on the way.) How was she? ("Bad") Really. Well, I'm sorry to hear this. Juli come here (Juli comes to the mic. The cum still in her face and still naked for her belt upward. SO pinches her mockingly in one of her nipples.) I had to hear you weren't satisfying? Any excuses? ("No") No, what? (SO puts his hand on her crotch. "No, sirs") And what you think we should do about it? ("I....I don't know, Sir") Ben, any ideas? (Ben: "Yes, Bern, I thought I could train her a bit") Good idea! What do you think, fuck-hole? (Juli blushed and lowers her head. A drop of cum falls from her nose, probably because it mixes with her tears. Ben: "Didn't you hear?" - Juli: "Yes, Sir, Ben Sir, I heard your generous offer, but I fear I'm not worth your time? And won't that be expensive?" - Ben: "Well, you're right you definitely aren't worth my time. Still, somebody has to care. And as you will pay me 500 euro a day I'm fine with that" - Juli: "500..." - "Work has its price!" - "Is .. is there no other option?" - "Shall we leave her a choice?") No, no choice. But I think you can take more than 500. Take 750. And now, out of my eyes with this bitch. Ben, tell me when your done with her. I want to give her a try after-wards... Well, that is done. How about the forms. (He goes to the bunch of paper at the edge of the stage and picks the forms up. He gives them to Johanna and Jenny.) Sort every tenth out on an extra pile! (They start) Now, where are our Women Libbers? Hey, whoa, she really drinks your piss? How's that come? ("She was afraid of the alternative") Which was? ("Taking her home as a slave for the weekend") I tell you what you guys keep her for the weekend. I really like your stile... (Johanna and Jenny come to the SO to return the two piles of forms) Done? (Both nodding) Now, put your forms on the smaller pile as well ("I...We...we didn't get a form. There weren't enough copies of it") Well... I'm really sorry. But that's not such a problem you just leave your clothes at home from tomorrow on. ("No Sir, please... We...we could suck your dick whatever you want... just not that.") Sorry, but you surely aren't the ones to decide who is going to fuck you or get sucked by you. But since you dared to give me this bullshit you both will strip to your lingerie. ("Nooooo") Strip! (Both obey. The day has been far to clear to try to resist. Standing in their bra and undies both expect what comes next) You may have wondered, what the small pile is for. I'll tell you. I knew there weren't enough copies but still too much. So, every tenth girl won't get a uniform. Meaning they will be naked instead. And since I really love unlucky girls, the names of the girls in this pile will be undressed not tomorrow but now! (Boys: "Yiha!"). I thank you all for your patience. Johanna and Jenny read the names of the girls. And after that you'll ask the boys for permission to keep your tits and cunt covered. Good luck! See you tomorrow everybody!"


II.
Next morning.

At the unusual early hour of 6:00 AM the SO enters the school and heads directly towards his office. The minute he reaches his office, he heads directly for his computer to check his emails with an anticipating smile on his lips. 
"It really pays to know a lot of people", he murmurs after he read what the mail he expected. Yesterday after he left the school he had run into an old friend of him who happened to be a lawyer. A lawyer, to be more precise who once had a case of a certain Herr Fleischer who was facing a trial for trying to talk to his son after his divorce. The divorce was based on accusations by Herr Fleischer's former wife that Herr Fleischer would drink to much and hence not earn enough money to ensure his family's well-being. The lawyer, the SO's friend, was in the beginning quite optimistic about the chances to win the trial, since Frau Fleischer was the only one witnessing against her man. However this optimism faded away as soon as he faced the court. Frau Fleischer was represented by a female lawyer who assisted in court to a female attorney. And even if the presiding judge wasn't female his two assistants were. 
So that Herr Fleischer in the end was found guilty and fined. This lead to the loss of his job and thereafter he never found a job as good as the one he had lost thanks to his former wife.
The discussion between the SO and the lawyer, a certain Herr Falk had gone on for some hours until both agreed that the lawyer took a second look at the files and gave this morning notice to the SO about his findings. Which was the email the SO had just read. 
Then the SO made a few phone-calls to arrange things for today. He also received a few calls that made his mood even better. Things were really going very well since he had decided to enforce the new laws concerning the female sex. 
At 7:00 Ben dropped in. He had been given one of the calls the SO had done before. "What's the matter. Why do I have to be here so early?" "Nownow..." the SO smiled, "when you read this", he said handing him a print of the email, "you'll probably understand..." 
While Ben was reading, the SO took a glance at the school's homepage. "From what I see here you guys seem to have had your fun yesterday..." "Yeah, you should have seen the faces of our beloved women-libbers when they realized they would have to walk home to their nice fancy houses." "How that?" "Well" Ben produced a pair of car-keys "would you prefer the BMW or the Rover?" The SO laughed. "Whoa, I'm impressed. Seems like I choose the right guy a my assistant. By the way how's Juli doing?" "Let me put it like that: for some girls life isn't the only thing that sucks!" Both laughed. "Wanna see the other good news of today?" The SO asked. "Sure" "Read this" so Ben read two other mails for the SO. Due to their content Ben had to rearrange the content of his trousers o few times while reading. "Sounds good." "Yeah, I'm looking forward to it too. But first let's deal with our old friend Frau Fleischer. It's almost eight. The girls should start to arrive. Let's welcome them."
When they left the office and arrived at the school door a few boys were already standing there giving the arriving girls the first humiliation of the day. You could clearly see that the new uniforms weren't to exactly their favorite way to dress. Especially as none of the passed the crowd of boys without losing a few buttons from their blouses or having other changes applied to their outfit. One of them tore her skirt completely when quarreling about the length of the cut on the sides of it. Another one didn't seem to happy to be showered by a bucket of ice water. 
But the real fun was beginning when the teachers were arriving. What yesterday had been only Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer's problem was now happening to all the female staff of the school. And as in almost every school there actually were more female teachers than male ones. Still, it was delighting to seen our heroines arrive in their costume. Or what was left of it. And what was left of it was so crusted with cum and piss and things you didn't want to know what they were, that the once black gowns were by now more grey.
One of the crowd screamed: "Hey chicks, if you want to get in here get yourselves new costumes. It's just disgusting to see you" and you couldn't decide whether it was this or the laughter what was more embarrassing to them. Where the hell were they supposed to get a new costume from. Especially with only five minutes before they would arrive late at school... Panicking they looked around. Just by then two girls of maybe 15 years were passing by. "Sorry. Stop, please!" "What do you want?" "Could you..." "Are you whores, or what?" "No.." "Then why do you wear these?" "I...we... Oh, just. Do you girls have anything you could give us to wear. Please, we could give you money." Both produced about 50$ together. "Well, I don't know, I don't think so. Bye..." "But wait! Please!.. We... we would take anything" The girls looked at each other. "Well," said the one "I don't know. But if you insist. This bag is for my little sis. Take a look if you want." Both teachers forgot about their pride and almost jumped to the bag. Only three minutes left. After searching through the whole bag all they could find were one swim-suit and some lingerie. "Could we..." "50$ and their yours" The girls grabbed the money and ran on. With the items in their hands the teachers turned to face the crowd. "What's up? Put them on." "And you better be quick at it. It's 7:58!" Miserably both changed into their costume. If their previous costume had been skimpy this one was, well, not-existing would probably be the word... But for Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer what counted was that after allowing hands all over them when they passed the crowd the finally reached the inside of the school. They were panting antd trying to relax when the inter-phone buzzed "School will finish today at 11 sharp and will be followed by an assembly."
The SO and Ben were chatting in the SO's office. It wasn't a busy time. But both were looking forward to see their plan put into reality. "You know what we should do?" Ben said "We should do a family day here at school. I'm pretty sure some of the female relatives of the bitches here in school are some real hookers. And the fathers and brothers will join in once they see the advantages of the new way." "Sounds good" "And we will continue the problems for the girls after they left school. I'm pretty sure most of them will still enjoy their homes and families...Let's make them hell for the girls and heaven for dicks." "I'll see to this..." the SO said smiling. "Well, what do you think, it's only 9:30 but somehow I feel like it's assembly-time. Don't you?" "Wait a minute, let me ask" Ben put his hand on his crotch "yes, he says it's show-time. I really should have brought Juli with me..." "Don't worry, we will take care of that." The SO reached for the inter-phone. "Wait a minute. Wouldn't it be fun to have the assembly ornamented by a few degraded women?" "Yes, probably a good idea. Any special persons you have in mind?" "well, just not our both usual ones. Maybe two teachers, two pupils?" "Just choose" the SO said handing Ben the personal file of the school's females. "Don't you have more people on your women-libbers black-list?" Ben asked when he saw the number of files. "Let me check. Yeah, what do we have here. Yeah I think we found our new friends..." he pressed the inter-phone button "Angelica Carstensen and Jana Mller report to the SO." "But what about the other two?" "Just wait a bit" Panting the girls came into the office "Yes, Sir?" "I didn't hear you knocking. Did you hear them, Ben?" "I... we... sorry, Sir, may we try again?" "Do so." They went outside again and knocked on the door. Silence. The girls looked at each other. They hesitated and knocked very timidly again. Again no response. Just when they were about to knock a third time, Ben threw open the door, thereby horrifying them. He pushed them into the office. "Well well, here we are... " nobody said anything the next five minutes. By then Angelica couldn't wait any longer "Sir, why..." "Shut the fuck up, bitch! You come screaming into my office without knocking, then you let me wait, what do you think, this is a henhouse?" "But..." this time the SO slapped her face in response. "Now, make your mom and your older sister appear here. It's 9:56 now. Tell them, I expect them at 10:10 sharp." "But why?" "Stop that, call them" With trembling fingers she dialed the number of her mother's office. "Mom? Can you come to my school. - No, it's really urgent. - Yes, the guy I told you about. - Yes, the one with the uniform. - Yes, see you." She hangs up the receiver. "So. I'm the one with the uniform, yes?" "Now, you my dearest Jana, you will call too" "Just my mom, or my...." It was already too late when she realized this may be the wrong thing to ask now. "Don't know. How old is sis?" "Young... too young" Jana stammered. "Don't judge - answer!" "17, Sirs! She's 17. And Tracy is 16." "16 and 17, that's not young!" Ben said. "So call all three of them." The SO ordered. And already knowing better than to disobey Jana made the call.
"It's 10:03 now. Let's get you some company..." again the button of the usual inter-phone. "Frau Janse and Frau Johann - SO!" Shortly after the women knocked. "You see, girls, older bitches know how to behave. - Come in, cunts!" The door opened and in came two blushed heads with short brown hair. "Good to see you. Do have a seat. We're only waiting for two more guests then we'll start." At 10:09 it knocked again. "Come in." And in came two charming girls with their even more charming mothers. "Do have a seat. Girls, please, sit next to your sisters." When Angelica's mother saw Frau Janse and Frau Johann she nodded greetingly. "Oh, do you know each other?" "Yes." "No" "Now, yes or no?" "No, we ... we don't know each other" Frau Johann hurried to say. "Fine. Ben, you have some friends who could help us with the girls?" "Sure" Ben walked to the inter-phone "Hi, folks this is Ben from the SO's office..." Exactly then Frau Carstensen interrupted "Sorry, Sir, but why are we here. I'm a busy woman...." "Do be fucking quiet now" Ben screamed at her. "Sorry, boys... well, you all know how much trouble these cunts give all of us... George, Dave could you come over here and give us a hand? To the rest of you - have fun! And to all you sluts out there - good luck..." Ben laughed and turned to the SO. Again Frau Carstensen started "As I already mentioned I'm busy, you know I'm a lawyer, and I would like to know what is soo urgent, you can't wait any longer..." "Do you know the changes of law our government decided to make recently?" "Yes, I do. Luckily I as well as Frau Mller here are part of the legal team that tries to prevent the changes." "Are you?" "Yes, I am." "Why is this?" "Look, Sir, from what I know, you are the one who forces the girls of this school into degrading clothes" The door burst open and in came George and Dave loudly laughing "you humiliate the girls and make them perform disgusting things, so I'm not going to discuss legal matters with you..." The boys laughed, she looked angrily at them then at the SO. The SO returned a calm amused look. "Fine. That's also not why we're here." "Then why are we here?" "Let's see... Dear Frau Johann would you be cunt... I mean kind enough to read this line" the SO said handing Frau Johann a book, that looked rather used. When she read the line silently she went pale. "Would you, please..." "It..." she had to clear her throat "it reads, written by the sisters in fight Johanna Carstensen and Jennifer Johann..." "Oh... Isn't that strange. Cause from what I know these are exactly your names...By the way what is the title of the text?" "Castration of a rapist" "Interesting.Who would be interested in so disgusting a matter? Except for one of the little bitches those says 'no' always?" "Shut up, you sick maniac!" Frau Mller screamed "Johanna how can you deny to know her?" "So you finally decided, you know each other?" "Yes" "Good. I like to have things clear... By the way what's the title of the book?" "It's..." Frau Johann stammered "it's.." "Oh, stop it! The title is "'Dicks to get rid of. How to save women from haressment.' Edited by Sybille Mller, Kathrin Neuhof and Kora Janse" Frau Mller stated. "Is it? Mymy, that's stupid. How are men supposed to stuff your cunts then? And all the other holes?" "That's it. I leave." "You won't. Ben." Ben stepped in front of her and kicked her into her crotch. "Even if this isn't as hurtful to a woman as to a man, it's still quite functional...Don't you think?... But enough play. To all non-members of this school: we're going to have an assembly hereafter, in which I'm going to give justice to Herr Fleischer guiltless victim of your fighting-mate Linda "Cumbag" Fleischer. I actually thought her treatment yesterday would do, but I decided to go on. All of you will make the room look a bit nicer. That's also why we will change your outfit. First I thought of something similar to the costumes our dear Frau Fleischer and Frau Neuhof were wearing yesterday." He handed a few pictures of yesterdays assembly around with Frau Fleischer and Frau Neuhof changing into their revealing outfits. "But it's nice to change things. That's why..." The SO went around the table to fetch a plastic bag "I bought this yesterday. It was fucking expensive. But fortunately it wasn't me who paid the bill, but the very generous Frau Neuhof. Ben would you please turn on the camera right now. We don't want to miss something, do we?"With that he produced a bunch of silk skirts and jackets, ultra thin silk blouses, stockings and ultra high heels. "And I bought these" He produced a few dog-collars and leashs. "Cause it'll make it more easy to lead you woman around. Now, pussies, feel free to choose... But, girls, maybe we leave the first choice to the old cunts? What do you think?" he went over to Frau Mller and patted her cheek. With frozen faces the women were staring at both the SO and Ben. None moved. "What's up? Don't you like these? Let me show you the extras I had applied." He picked up the skirt and raised in the air to show it. "Not much of a change here as I love this business woman look. And you see it's quite long for a skirt. It covers you all the way down half of your tights. To make things a bit more easy anyway, I had two slits applied at both sides "You see?" He caught Frau Johann's look as he looked into his public. "Try it on!" Unbelieving and already a bit frightened Frau Johann looked at the SO "Me? Try this on? Here?" "Sure, let's see how a slut looks in slutty clothes" the SO responded and George laughed "Yeah, better be grateful for the offer, your clothes aren't allowed around here anyway. So actually we should have you strip naked" Ben: "Don't worry you will see her naked. Did you shave you cunt, Jen?" "I.. there's no way you make me wear this..." the SO calmly responded "Well, where there's will there's a way. Ben, George, Dave would you help our friend out of her trousers." The three boys stepped before her and while Dave and Ben held the arms of the struggeling teacher George unbuttoned her jeans and yanked down her legs. She kicked around wildly. "Shall I..." George turned to the SO pointing at the teacher's slip "Do as you please" No second bitting was needed, he stepped between her legs and for some moments enjoying her crotch against his while his hands were touching her all over before he tore her slip in shreds. Now he picked up the skirt. "Now, wouldn't you like to cover yourself with this?" His hands were exploring the lower parts of her body. "Yes, Sir. I would like to wear this skirt" "And will you put on the rest of the clothes without giving us further trouble?" "Yes, Sir" "Promise" "I promise, I won't give you anymore trouble..." "Fine" he threw the skirt in her face and the other boys let her arms go. The SO smiled at them. "Good work! Now, I was about to explain you the clothes..." He picked up the stockings. "I first thought about buying some garter-belts with them cause it fits this whore-look better. But then I think I prefer you high-up bitches looking less vulgar. So I dropped the idea and bought only the stockings. And somehow the idea to ruin Frau Neuhof financially. Guess how many I paid for the stockings? Come on, have a guess Cora-baby" She looked at him in boredom and said "20 Eur each" "What do you think of me? Only the best for you... Have another try!" "200 Eur each?" "Better, but not enough. I spent a full 4000 Euro on each of this stockings. I could have gotten them for 10, but you know what: the guy I bought them from wants to buy a few women to bring them to countries with a less good treatment of women. So I thought I'd donate some money for the good cause" Ben laughed. "Unfortunately poor Kathy-baby didn't have that much money with her. So the guy took her house. But enough, put them on..." he threw two stockings at Frau Janse. She took them and put them on the seat next to her. Fortunately, she thought she had decided to wear a skirt today. So now she just could take off her pantyhose and put on these ridiculous stockings. She reached under her skirt and grasped her nylons. "Oh, Cora, and remember: no panties in school..." the SO grinned. She looked at him with burning anger in her eyes but simply stood back up a bit, grasped again and seconds later her slip was laying around her ankles. Dave leaned down in front of her, looking directly under her skirt. Amused she looked at the boy "Aren't you ashamed to make such a fool out of you?" He just straightened up and spit into her face. "Give me your slip!" With disgust she wiped the spittle from her cheek, stepped her legs out of the nylons and her slip, one leg after another knees pressed together, and threw her panties over to him. He let it fall. "I said give it to me..." shirtly she stood up, made a few steps picked up the panty and offered it to him. "Thank you" Dave took it. She turned around. "Stop" She stopped and went back to him. "Stupid girl, I didn't say, you could go back..." "..." "Not very cooperative... Let's examine your cunt-cover." He raised her slip to head-level. "Rather small" "..." You will have to shave you cunt to wear this..." She turned to the SO "Do I really have to listen to this bullshit? A little boy acting out his adolescent dreams? Come on..." She was about to turn around when Dave's knee hit her stomach. He hissed "Fuck you! Get back to you chair put on your stockings and come back here when you're finished!" Achingly she walked to the chair and sat down, she took the stockings and rolled the together. Now she leaned forward, stopped, straightened back up, took a deep breath and leaned down to put the stockings on her legs. She rolled them up, first right then left and then sitting up again pulled up the parts of the stockings she couldn't roll up as she leaned forward. Again she felt the pain, took a deep breath, got up and walked over to Dave. "Ready" he slapped her face "Ready, what?" "Ready, Sir!" "Better... Stand straight!" He started to walk around her. "Push your ass and your tits out!" At one she obeyed "Looks like you learned your lesson... Now between the two of us: what is your place?" "To... to obey?" She tried askingly "Good, to obey what?" "To obey all your orders and wishes..." "And Cora honey, why do you do that?" "Because I'm a woman and you ... you are a man..." "Good. So do you only obey my orders or those of any man?" She looked in his face to search for the right answer. Did he prefer to think of her as his personal slave or of her as a slave to all men? "Sir, Master, I'm a stupid woman, so all men can tell me, what to do" "Now, fuck-meat, tell me: do you have family?" "Yes, Sir, a son and a daughter" "Married?" He still walked slowly around her, from time to time sliding a hand over her ass or her tits. "No, Sir, not married. Divorced." "Boy-friends? A tasty slut like you will have someone to stuff her..." She gulped. "..." "So?" "No, Sir, no boy-friends, Sir.." "....but?" "a... a girl-friend" He stopped, stepped before her. "You're a fucking dyke?" She nodded. "And have a son?" Nodding again. He spit into her face again. This time from very near. The spittle slowly ran down her nose and cheek. "Go to your clothes and get me your keys and your id!" She almost ran to fetch the things he wanted. "Here" Without a word he took them "Now, to finish it up, raise your skirt, show us the result" He stepped back a few steps. There she was, standing in the middle of the room. The SO and the boys stared at her and the other women tried to look away. Her hands were still before her, from the stuff she had given to Dave. Fuck, she had given her whole possessions to a pupil! "Now?" It was Dave's voice but she almost didn't hear her. She couldn't react. "Don't!" now it was Ben "she has to do it. You make it only easier for her, if you do it, Dave..." This bastard! But he was right, if Dave had pulled her skirt up now, it almost wouldn't have interested her. She dropped her arms, leaving them hanging down. Her fingertips almost touched the hem of her skirt. Now all the anger was gone leaving only humiliation. She felt tears coming from her eyes. She took a breath and grasped her hem. A quiet whistle was there. She closed her eyes and raised her skirt. When she open her eyes the boys had stepped nearer and were moving their hands up and down signalling her to raise it higher. Even higher? But she had already raised it as high as possible, hadn't she? She looked down at her. Her skirt was only pulled up half her thigh. She pulled it up. Now the boys all laughed. They laughed at her and then... she heard the call before she felt it "She pissed herself" Now her thoughts were interrupted by George who stood before her with a broad smile, arms behind his back. "Sorry, Frau Janse, today doesn't seem to be your lucky day. But I got a little gift for you. Just open your mouth." She obeyed and in the next moment her mouth was filled with some wet cloth. "Hope you like your panty. And enjoy the taste of piss" he laughed.... Ben and Dave went over to George and tapped his shoulders. "Welcome in the club, buddy!" "Now, Frau Janse, you don't expect us to let you get away with this? Give me the name of that fucking rug muncher of yours?" the SO said. She gratefully started to pull the piss-soaked panties from her mouth "No no, leave them where they are. Just come over here. Write her name, profession, address, and the number of her mobile on this" he laid paper and a pencil on his desk while she stuffed the panties back into her mouth. She walked to the SO's desk and took up the pencil. At least she wasn't standing in the middle of the room anymore all looks upon her. She laid the pencil down again and looked at the SO. He took the notice and looked at it: Bertram, Linda Bertram. That's right?" Miserably Frau Janse nodded. "Well, boys, I got to leave you. I have to arrange a few things. Ben, please continue with the presentation. And make sure youget everything on the camera. Have fun..." 




 
  
  
  
  
  
  School-Upload.html
  
   
  
 
 
  
   I.
   
   "Hey, Juli! Get your ass over here and suck my dick!" Juli looked disgusted but mockingly at Ben "Are you sick? This is a school and not one of the cat-houses you usually go to..." The two girls she was chatting with giggled. "Schoolbitch or other bitches - you just dump you cum and drop the pussy that's it" Ben replied. "And now it's not even you puss I want to see, I only want your lips caressing my Johnny..." "Well then..." Juli came over to Ben "...you know what's you're fucking problem, Ben?" She put her hand on his shoulder, to stress the good advice she wanted to give him. Unfortunately good advices wasn't really what Ben was up to. So it really surprised her when he punch her in the stomach and head-locked her. 
   "Well then, still so mighty Miss Asswiggle? You fucking well know that you ain't got a chance. It's either a cum-shot here or a visit at the SO" "Fuck you, wanker!" "So off we go to have a chat with the SO" 
   Juli full well knew what the SO would say. About four months before the government had decided to fight the problems of sexual violence and female discrimination by simply legalising it, and in that time also established the SO (which was a abbreviation for 'Officer for the maintenance of the submission of the lower sex' or simply 'Submission Officer'). So she just could not expect to get away with what she just did, but being ordered to submit at least saved her pride. And maybe there was even a glimpse of hope... Cause after all the SO hadn't done to much to enforce the submission or suppression at this school.
   By then they had reached the SO's office. "Still sticking to your decision, cunt?" Juli's increasing struggle seemed to be about the only answer he could expect so he knocked. "Come in!" the SO called from inside. "Good morning, Herr Bernhof" Ben said. "Hi, what was your name again... Sorry but there are so many boys around..." "Ben... my name is Ben" "Well, Ben what's the matter. And why do you bring this girl in here?" "Well, I..." Even for a boy it was still unused to just tell somebody a girl had rejected him. "Can I first close the door, cause otherwise she'll run away" "Sure" Ben closed the door and then released Juli. But of course she started to kick and struggle again as soon as she was free to. "Stop that!" Herr Bernhof screamed. He stood up for his desk, walked over to Juli and shook her "Who the fuck do you think you are?" Juli stopped. "Answer me!" "I.... I'm so..." "Speak up, if you talk to men! But probably it's best if you shut up completely and let Ben do the talking. Ben?" "Well sir" "Oh, just call me Bern, that'll do..." " Well sir, eh, Herr Bern, Bern... I was..." "Now come on what kind of trouble with a slut like that can give you problems like that. Now tell me..." "Well, I asked Juli, that's her, I asked Juli to suck my dick and she refused. She even ridiculed me" "She what? Are you sick, bitch?" "I..." "Shut up! You'll only make things worse..." "Well, Ben you're completely right to notice me of that. That's exactly what I'm here for. Unfortunately I was so busy doing all the paper-work necessary to establish the new male dominance, that i could take care of things as much as I obviously should have...." "That's all right" Ben said, he already felt so familiar with this guy, not at all like before when he had to talk to the secretary of the principal. "No it's not, and I will take this incidence as a occasion to make that clear." By now Juli was sobbing. He went back to his desk and put a finger on the school's inter-phone system "to everybody, this is the SO speaking. I appoint an assembly in half an hour at 13:05 in the big hall. Presence is obligatory to everybody. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer to my office immediately" when he took his finger off the button he hesitated a moment thinking what to do next. But when a malicious smile started to rise on his face, Ben knew he had decided. "Ben" the SO put his hand on Ben's shoulder "how would you like to be my assistant?" Ben was overwhelmed with pride. "Yes... yes sure I'd love that..." "So then I want you both to sit on these chairs an wait till the assembly. I promise you'll get your dick sucked by this whore. But have a little patience. There's not so much time left til the assembly. And these wannabe teacher sluts aren't here already..." He again went to the inter-phone "Frau Bernhof and Frau Fleischer get your asses in here. Fast!" Then he turned to Ben "You know these teachers? Cause I only was handed a file on them as being kind of women's liberators both of them but I don't know them personally" Oh, Ben knew them. He knew them better than he liked. The two of them and a couple more of them had forced them to learn the whole shit these fems deemed important: female writers, female scientists on so on. Once Robert and Ben had dared to ask if they couldn't learn something more interesting. But this question ended in one month of cleaning the yard and their parents being asked to talk to the principal. Ben told the SO, or Bern, as the SO insisted should call him, this and other stories. And since times had changed now they could laugh about it. They were still laughing when the two teachers knocked and came in together. Obviously they had not dared to step in alone. The SO gave an approving whistle. Both women were dressed in knee-long skirts and blouses and blazers. And both were blushing. Though it wasn't easy to tell whether it was for shame or hate. But who cared... "Well, did you finally make it" "Yes. Well sir, we..." "Look honey, that what you fems want to get called, isn't it, if I say move your ass in here I expect you to hurry up. You can run, don't you?" "..." "Don't you, sluts" "Yes, sir, we can run." "Sure" "Sure" "We'll check that. Five rounds on the tracks. I give you seven minutes" "But sir, we both wear high heels" "Oh, that's something else. I'm sorry." He seemed calm again so Frau Neuhof dared to add "But we really can run, Herr SO" "Ben, would you press this button til I tell you to let go?" He pointed at the inter-phone. Ben walked to the SO's desk suspiciously looking at Juli and pressed the button. When the SO saw the Ben was ready he burst out "get your asses and titties moving and fucking run these five rounds on the tracks!!! To everybody this is the SO speaking. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer are going to run in high heels on the tracks. It'll sure be fun to watch. So go the the window or the tracks and enjoy. Assembly will start ten minutes later at 13:15. See you!" Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer looked unbelieving at each other but when the SO gripped their shoulders and literally kicked their asses out of this office, they started to run. "Seven minutes. Not a second more" the SO screamed after them. Then a big cheering and laughing marked the teachers' arrival at the tracks. He turned back to Ben. "Now, how did you like that?" Ben just smiled. "Now just let sit down and wait..." He walked back behind his desk and started to search something and Ben sat back on the bench next to Juli. When the SO had found what he had looked for he was pleased to see that Ben's hands were busy all over Juli. And although Juli was full clothed she seemed to feel very uncomfortable. Ben noticed the SO's looks and smiled at him "want to join in?" "No, thanks, not now, maybe later. It's only half a minute to go and I'm really looking forward to what's about to happen..." Only seconds after that Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer come in. Gasping and followed by a cheering crowd. Both didn't wear the blazers anymore. And they didn't have the in their hands. The SO closed the door behind them putting the crowd of to the assembly. When he turned his face back to the teachers both were staring at Ben fondling Juli. "But... that... that. Stop it, Ben. Immediately!" Frau Neuhof cried. For a second Ben stopped, looked at Frau Neuhof then at the SO and then continued to let his fingers explore the miserable girl's jeans covered crotch. "Fuck you, bitch. You're next on my list" Ben simply said. "Now. I... I can't believe what I just heard. Did you hear what that rascal said to me, Linda?" She asked Frau Fleischer. But the other one seemed to have resigned. "Linda?" the SO laughed "that's cute. And what's your name, honey?" Frau Neuhof hesitated for a moment but then decided that her name was probably really worth the fight and answered "Kathrin". "Kathrin. That's cute. And what's you're working-name in the cat-house?" the SO laughed and Kathrin just bristled with anger. "But let's stop the fun and get busy." He put the box where all the things Linda and Kathrin as former women's representatives had confiscated were collected on the table. He took a few things out. "Put that on for the assembly. I want you to help me." Both women took the things and went pale. "You...you can't" "Better don't bet on it. I can. I can and will..." "Where are we supposed to change?" "Well here, of course. Oh, and I want you naked under it. NAKED - got that? N-A-K-E-D" "In here? You really think we will degrade ourselves in front of you and that....that...boy?" "Why not?" "I can't believe. This fucking govern...." "Stop it, Kathrin, it's already bad enough. Don't make it worse." And with that Frau Fleischer former women's representative of the school, old-school feminist and formerly respected teacher started to unbutton her blouse. Only to be followed by her companion in thought Frau Neuhof. Ben had even stopped his hands on Juli. Until then he had not seen to many female teachers undressing in front of him. After about three minutes, that were as entertaining to Ben and the SO as they were terribly humiliating to the both teachers and even only for being forced to watch for Juli also, the women were done. Ben just stared. He could not believe his eyes.
   Both were standing in bunny costumes. And the costumes consisted only of a swim-suit like gown that had furry tails and boots. The costumes were made for a Easter party where to girls who had lost bets had to wear them. Well, they were supposed to wear them but exactly those two who right now wore them had confiscated them for being "debasing women". Ben got up to enjoy the sight. "You like it?" the SO asked Ben. "Me... yes, sure. It's really perfect... Sssshhhhiiit. Wow. You can perfectly see their cunt-lips." "Yeah, I hoped so. You know this spandex stuff is really elastic. The costumes must be like two or three sizes small for them. But on the other hand it flattens their tits. That's a bit of a pity... But go ahead touch them.." "Don't you dare..." Frau Fleischer hissed. "What was that? Did bunny-cunt say something?" And she kept quiet and frightened watched Ben's hand pinching her mate's cunt-lips knowing, fearing, expecting that he would do this to her as well. "Oh, that's cute as well..." SO said. "But wait a minute... if you..... and that.... yes, I think that's perfect. Ben have a look!" "shit, no" Frau Neuhof muttered. "Whoa!" Ben laughed "that's cool" The SO had taken the headband with the bunny ears and fixed two dildos in the pink part of the ears. "Put them on their heads." Ben took them. "Kneel down!" he ordered the teachers. "Fast learner!" the SO commented. And Ben blushed a bit. "Kneel down, I said!" Pressing both teachers down. He really enjoyed this. The women's faces were exactly on the level of his zipper. That was just to tempting. He stepped in front of Frau Fleischer and raised the headband. "Well, Linda, here we go. Oh, but maybe you want to get more acquainted with you new ears. Lick them!" He held the ears with the dildos in front of her mouth. When she didn't obey he pressed the dildos against her lips. "Now now, suck it. You know, that's fun, it all started this morning with Juli refusing to suck and now: here I am your former victim, in front of my teacher-bitch in a skimpy bunny costume sucking dildos. I think I like this day." Finally Frau Fleischer forced herself to stick her tongue out and lick it a few times. "Well, you don't seem enthusiastic, but we'll accept that for now..." He raised the hairband again but instead of just putting it on her head he first pressed her face into his crotch. And then he put the hairband on her head. After he had enjoyed her tears against his dick for some more seconds he ordered her "Get up, Dildoear!". Then he turned to his other victim for the same procedure. 
   Finally, both were completely prepared for the assembly. And the SO noticed that the clock in his office already showed 13:13. "Let's go. Ben you take Juli with you on the stage. Dildoears, you hide behind the curtain until I call you. Everyone on their places..." And off they went to the assembly hall.
   
   When they entered the hall, only few people were there. Mostly chatting. And nobody noticed the two women that hid behind the curtains. Two minutes later the hall was full. The SO walked to the mic and started his speak: 
   "Dear boys. You all heard the fundamental improvements of this land. The main point of these reforms was the reestablishment of male dominance. In the process of implementing this idea into this state's laws, our government had the brilliant idea to get rid of all these women's-lib-laws that existed in the old law-books. The law concerning the crime formerly known as 'rape'. Whatever that was supposed to be... (Laughing in the public)... and other feminist pipe dreams. 
   What was missing until now was the implementation and sometimes enforcement of these ideas in smaller institutions. Like this school. Even I, and I'm exclusively responsible for it, didn't manage to let you enjoy to full fruits of the changes. And the first fruits you'll enjoy will come as pairs. (SO makes sign with his hands describing the tits of a girl - laughter in public) 
   This morning this young lad, Ben, came to my office to complain about the barefaced behaviour of this girl. He had asked her to fulfil her duties and she refused. (Girl calling from the public: "He asked her to suck him off!") Yes. Exactly. And who are you? ("I stood with Juli and Jenny when Ben dared to ask this shit!") And what's your name? ("Johanna") Now, I think Johanna and ... (looks at his notes) Jenny should come up here on stage. (both make their way through the crowd) Welcome! Please do sit on one of these chairs and wait a minute. Where was I? Right. I failed to share the fruits... (SO smiles, public giggles) I am deeply sorry for that but I was busy doing all the paper-work that comes with changes. Especially such profound changes as we saw them. Anyway, after this Gentleman, Ben, came to my office I decided that something has to be done. First I made Ben my assistant. Ben, get up and come her, my Vice-SO! (Ben walks to the SO). He waited all the morning to get what is his anyway. But before we start with the more, let's say practical part of the assembly, I want some of the older guys to position themselves at the doors and one to get me two cameras from the media-room. (the orders are carried out) Let's just wait for the cameras! (SO sits down and waits. After about two minutes a boy gives the cameras to the SO. SO gets up again.) Thank you, Robert. Well, now that we are prepared things can start. Ben, Juli come here. (they do so) Ben, now is the time to get what you asked for. Juli will now get on her knees and give you a blow-job and the other two will film it. (protest from all three girls) Shut up! (SO slaps one of them - Johanna - in the face) And be grateful you only have to film it. At least for now. (SO pats Johanna's bum. Laughter in the public) Well, I don't want to embarrass Ben so we do continue while he shows Juli her place. You'll all be able to watch this and all forthcoming movies on the school's homepage. (Cheering in the public)
   Now, first thing I like to do is to introduce a school uniform. (boohs in the public) But only for the girls. (Cheering in the public) You may think this will be expensive, but I can assure you I dealt with that. This morning I discussed the matter with Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer and both assured me that the female staff of this school will completely cover all expenses needed to make up for the damages caused by their ideological feminist blindness. (great cheering but also surprise) Some of you don't seem to trust my words, so I have to ask Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer both to step next to me and repeat their offer. (both teachers come out of their cover. The hall is completely astonished) Come here, my dear bunnies. (they stand next to him) Hey folks, you like what you see? ("Yeah! Sure!") Have you noticed you really can see their cunts? ("Noooooo") Come on bunnies, step in front of your loving public and show them! (they don't move) Show those boys your fuck-holes! (as they don't move again. So takes them by the necks and pushes them to the edge of the stage) See that? ("Yeah") So now, these sluts want to tell you something (all three back to the mic. SO gives the mic to Kathrin. She hesitates.) What's up got a cock in your mouth? (SO and public laughing) (Finally, Kathrin, finds her voice and starts with a very low voice to say: "We Frau Fleischer and I are deeply sorry for what we've done in all the years." - Public:"Louder, I can't hear the bitch" - "I said we both are very sorry. As part of our excuse - especially to all you boys we called 'sexists' while you only tried to show us our place - we decided that the female staff will pay for all expenses caused by our foolishness. As part of this we will pay the first set of school uniforms. The details of which our dear SO, will give you now.") Due to the amount of guilt these two women have, I propose that they now come down to you to ask for your forgiveness personally. And remember: no woman can charge a man! (two boys from the crowd pull the two teachers into the public) Let's see how Ben is doing. (Ben has taken off Juli's top; leaving her half-naked) Hey, that's a nice set of boobs. Ben make her wiggle those tits for us once. (Ben does.) Thanks. Well to the uniform. As I already mentioned the uniform is for girls only but with them it's obligatory. Since we are not going to wait any longer and about two hundred uniforms will take their time, I decided to establish an interim arrangement. From tomorrow on girls will either wear boots, a skirt no longer than half the length of their thighs, and white blouses. For sports two dresses are allowed: for swimming girls will wear white one-piece swimsuits, for other sports the same in black. Both suits will be at least to sizes small. This will make them look like the bunnies you just saw. 
   For your past-time you will buy new micro-bikinis. These whose bottom parts look a bit like dental floss... (laughter in boy-public; sobbing among the girls). Ha, hear them sobbing. That always give me a hard on. But one more thing, to order the first set of uniforms you will all bring a form like that (pulls a form from his notes) filled in with you sizes and measures. You know I just thought it might be funny to also know the sizes of cocks you already experienced in your holes, girls (sobbing gets louder). You will find all the results on the homepage as well. Now, take the forms, girls. Oh, and don't get the idea to not take one. Who gave us no form won't get a uniform and as uniforms are the only clothing you're allowed to wear then... And that counts from tomorrow on! Boys, let's see how Juli is doing. Ben? (Ben comes to the mic and zips his pants on the way.) How was she? ("Bad") Really. Well, I'm sorry to hear this. Juli come here (Juli comes to the mic. The cum still in her face and still naked for her belt upward. SO pinches her mockingly in one of her nipples.) I had to hear you weren't satisfying? Any excuses? ("No") No, what? (SO puts his hand on her crotch. "No, sirs") And what you think we should do about it? ("I....I don't know, Sir") Ben, any ideas? (Ben: "Yes, Bern, I thought I could train her a bit") Good idea! What do you think, fuck-hole? (Juli blushed and lowers her head. A drop of cum falls from her nose, probably because it mixes with her tears. Ben: "Didn't you hear?" - Juli: "Yes, Sir, Ben Sir, I heard your generous offer, but I fear I'm not worth your time? And won't that be expensive?" - Ben: "Well, you're right you definitely aren't worth my time. Still, somebody has to care. And as you will pay me 500 euro a day I'm fine with that" - Juli: "500..." - "Work has its price!" - "Is .. is there no other option?" - "Shall we leave her a choice?") No, no choice. But I think you can take more than 500. Take 750. And now, out of my eyes with this bitch. Ben, tell me when your done with her. I want to give her a try after-wards... Well, that is done. How about the forms. (He goes to the bunch of paper at the edge of the stage and picks the forms up. He gives them to Johanna and Jenny.) Sort every tenth out on an extra pile! (They start) Now, where are our Women Libbers? Hey, whoa, she really drinks your piss? How's that come? ("She was afraid of the alternative") Which was? ("Taking her home as a slave for the weekend") I tell you what you guys keep her for the weekend. I really like your stile... (Johanna and Jenny come to the SO to return the two piles of forms) Done? (Both nodding) Now, put your forms on the smaller pile as well ("I...We...we didn't get a form. There weren't enough copies of it") Well... I'm really sorry. But that's not such a problem you just leave your clothes at home from tomorrow on. ("No Sir, please... We...we could suck your dick whatever you want... just not that.") Sorry, but you surely aren't the ones to decide who is going to fuck you or get sucked by you. But since you dared to give me this bullshit you both will strip to your lingerie. ("Nooooo") Strip! (Both obey. The day has been far to clear to try to resist. Standing in their bra and undies both expect what comes next) You may have wondered, what the small pile is for. I'll tell you. I knew there weren't enough copies but still too much. So, every tenth girl won't get a uniform. Meaning they will be naked instead. And since I really love unlucky girls, the names of the girls in this pile will be undressed not tomorrow but now! (Boys: "Yiha!"). I thank you all for your patience. Johanna and Jenny read the names of the girls. And after that you'll ask the boys for permission to keep your tits and cunt covered. Good luck! See you tomorrow everybody!"
   
   
   II.
   Next morning.
   
   At the unusual early hour of 6:00 AM the SO enters the school and heads directly towards his office. The minute he reaches his office, he heads directly for his computer to check his emails with an anticipating smile on his lips. 
   "It really pays to know a lot of people", he murmurs after he read what the mail he expected. Yesterday after he left the school he had run into an old friend of him who happened to be a lawyer. A lawyer, to be more precise who once had a case of a certain Herr Fleischer who was facing a trial for trying to talk to his son after his divorce. The divorce was based on accusations by Herr Fleischer's former wife that Herr Fleischer would drink to much and hence not earn enough money to ensure his family's well-being. The lawyer, the SO's friend, was in the beginning quite optimistic about the chances to win the trial, since Frau Fleischer was the only one witnessing against her man. However this optimism faded away as soon as he faced the court. Frau Fleischer was represented by a female lawyer who assisted in court to a female attorney. And even if the presiding judge wasn't female his two assistants were. 
   So that Herr Fleischer in the end was found guilty and fined. This lead to the loss of his job and thereafter he never found a job as good as the one he had lost thanks to his former wife.
   The discussion between the SO and the lawyer, a certain Herr Falk had gone on for some hours until both agreed that the lawyer took a second look at the files and gave this morning notice to the SO about his findings. Which was the email the SO had just read. 
   Then the SO made a few phone-calls to arrange things for today. He also received a few calls that made his mood even better. Things were really going very well since he had decided to enforce the new laws concerning the female sex. 
   At 7:00 Ben dropped in. He had been given one of the calls the SO had done before. "What's the matter. Why do I have to be here so early?" "Now now..." the SO smiled, "when you read this", he said handing him a print of the email, "you'll probably understand..." 
   While Ben was reading, the SO took a glance at the school's homepage. "From what I see here you guys seem to have had your fun yesterday..." "Yeah, you should have seen the faces of our beloved women-libbers when they realised they would have to walk home to their nice fancy houses." "How that?" "Well" Ben produced a pair of car-keys "would you prefer the BMW or the Rover?" The SO laughed. "Whoa, I'm impressed. Seems like I choose the right guy a my assistant. By the way how's Juli doing?" "Let me put it like that: for some girls life isn't the only thing that sucks!" Both laughed. "Wanna see the other good news of today?" The SO asked. "Sure" "Read this" so Ben read two other mails for the SO. Due to their content Ben had to rearrange the content of his trousers o few times while reading. "Sounds good." "Yeah, I'm looking forward to it too. But first let's deal with our old friend Frau Fleischer. It's almost eight. The girls should start to arrive. Let's welcome them."
   When they left the office and arrived at the school door a few boys were already standing there giving the arriving girls the first humiliation of the day. You could clearly see that the new uniforms weren't to exactly their favourite way to dress. Especially as none of the passed the crowd of boys without losing a few buttons from their blouses or having other changes applied to their outfit. One of them tore her skirt completely when quarrelling about the length of the cut on the sides of it. Another one didn't seem to happy to be showered by a bucket of ice water. 
   But the real fun was beginning when the teachers were arriving. What yesterday had been only Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer's problem was now happening to all the female staff of the school. And as in almost every school there actually were more female teachers than male ones. Still, it was delighting to seen our heroines arrive in their costume. Or what was left of it. And what was left of it was so crusted with cum and piss and things you didn't want to know what they were, that the once black gowns were by now more grey.
   One of the crowd screamed: "Hey chicks, if you want to get in here get yourselves new costumes. It's just disgusting to see you" and you couldn't decide whether it was this or the laughter what was more embarrassing to them. Where the hell were they supposed to get a new costume from. Especially with only five minutes before they would arrive late at school... Panicking they looked around. Just by then two girls of maybe 15 years were passing by. "Sorry. Stop, please!" "What do you want?" "Could you..." "Are you whores, or what?" "No.." "Then why do you wear these?" "I...we... Oh, just. Do you girls have anything you could give us to wear. Please, we could give you money." Both produced about 50$ together. "Well, I don't know, I don't think so. Bye..." "But wait! Please!.. We... we would take anything" The girls looked at each other. "Well," said the one "I don't know. But if you insist. This bag is for my little sis. Take a look if you want." Both teachers forgot about their pride and almost jumped to the bag. Only three minutes left. After searching through the whole bag all they could find were one swim-suit and some lingerie. "Could we..." "50$ and their yours" The girls grabbed the money and ran on. With the items in their hands the teachers turned to face the crowd. "What's up? Put them on." "And you better be quick at it. It's 7:58!" Miserably both changed into their costume. If their previous costume had been skimpy this one was, well, not-existing would probably be the word... But for Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer what counted was that after allowing hands all over them when they passed the crowd the finally reached the inside of the school. They were panting and trying to relax when the inter-phone buzzed "School will finish today at 11 sharp and will be followed by an assembly."
   The SO and Ben were chatting in the SO's office. It wasn't a busy time. But both were looking forward to see their plan put into reality. "You know what we should do?" Ben said "We should do a family day here at school. I'm pretty sure some of the female relatives of the bitches here in school are some real hookers. And the fathers and brothers will join in once they see the advantages of the new way." "Sounds good" "And we will continue the problems for the girls after they left school. I'm pretty sure most of them will still enjoy their homes and families...Let's make them hell for the girls and heaven for dicks." "I'll see to this..." the SO said smiling. "Well, what do you think, it's only 9:30 but somehow I feel like it's assembly-time. Don't you?" "Wait a minute, let me ask" Ben put his hand on his crotch "yes, he says it's show-time. I really should have brought Juli with me..." "Don't worry, we will take care of that." The SO reached for the inter-phone. "Wait a minute. Wouldn't it be fun to have the assembly ornamented by a few degraded women?" "Yes, probably a good idea. Any special persons you have in mind?" "well, just not our both usual ones. Maybe two teachers, two pupils?" "Just choose" the SO said handing Ben the personal file of the school's females. "Don't you have more people on your women-libbers black-list?" Ben asked when he saw the number of files. "Let me check. Yeah, what do we have here. Yeah I think we found our new friends..." he pressed the inter-phone button "Angelica Carstensen and Jana Mller report to the SO." "But what about the other two?" "Just wait a bit" Panting the girls came into the office "Yes, Sir?" "I didn't hear you knocking. Did you hear them, Ben?" "I... we... sorry, Sir, may we try again?" "Do so." They went outside again and knocked on the door. Silence. The girls looked at each other. They hesitated and knocked very timidly again. Again no response. Just when they were about to knock a third time, Ben threw open the door, thereby horrifying them. He pushed them into the office. "Well well, here we are... " nobody said anything the next five minutes. By then Angelica couldn't wait any longer "Sir, why..." "Shut the fuck up, bitch! You come screaming into my office without knocking, then you let me wait, what do you think, this is a hen-house?" "But..." this time the SO slapped her face in response. "Now, make your mom and your older sister appear here. It's 9:56 now. Tell them, I expect them at 10:10 sharp." "But why?" "Stop that, call them" With trembling fingers she dialed the number of her mother's office. "Mom? Can you come to my school. - No, it's really urgent. - Yes, the guy I told you about. - Yes, the one with the uniform. - Yes, see you." She hangs up the receiver. "So. I'm the one with the uniform, yes?" "Now, you my dearest Jana, you will call too" "Just my mom, or my...." It was already too late when she realised this may be the wrong thing to ask now. "Don't know. How old is sis?" "Young... too young" Jana stammered. "Don't judge - answer!" "17, Sirs! She's 17. And Tracy is 16." "16 and 17, that's not young!" Ben said. "So call all three of them." The SO ordered. And already knowing better than to disobey Jana made the call.
   "It's 10:03 now. Let's get you some company..." again the button of the usual inter-phone. "Frau Janse and Frau Johann - SO!" Shortly after the women knocked. "You see, girls, older bitches know how to behave. - Come in, cunts!" The door opened and in came two blushed heads with short brown hair. "Good to see you. Do have a seat. We're only waiting for two more guests then we'll start." At 10:09 it knocked again. "Come in." And in came two charming girls with their even more charming mothers. "Do have a seat. Girls, please, sit next to your sisters." When Angelica's mother saw Frau Janse and Frau Johann she nodded in greeting. "Oh, do you know each other?" "Yes." "No" "Now, yes or no?" "No, we ... we don't know each other" Frau Johann hurried to say. "Fine. Ben, you have some friends who could help us with the girls?" "Sure" Ben walked to the inter-phone "Hi, folks this is Ben from the SO's office..." Exactly then Frau Carstensen interrupted "Sorry, Sir, but why are we here. I'm a busy woman...." "Do be fucking quiet now" Ben screamed at her. "Sorry, boys... well, you all know how much trouble these cunts give all of us... George, Dave could you come over here and give us a hand? To the rest of you - have fun! And to all you sluts out there - good luck..." Ben laughed and turned to the SO. Again Frau Carstensen started "As I already mentioned I'm busy, you know I'm a lawyer, and I would like to know what is soo urgent, you can't wait any longer..." "Do you know the changes of law our government decided to make recently?" "Yes, I do. Luckily I as well as Frau Mller here are part of the legal team that tries to prevent the changes." "Are you?" "Yes, I am." "Why is this?" "Look, Sir, from what I know, you are the one who forces the girls of this school into degrading clothes" The door burst open and in came George and Dave loudly laughing "you humiliate the girls and make them perform disgusting things, so I'm not going to discuss legal matters with you..." The boys laughed, she looked angrily at them then at the SO. The SO returned a calm amused look. "Fine. That's also not why we're here." "Then why are we here?" "Let's see... Dear Frau Johann would you be cunt... I mean kind enough to read this line" the SO said handing Frau Johann a book, that looked rather used. When she read the line silently she went pale. "Would you, please..." "It..." she had to clear her throat "it reads, written by the sisters in fight Johanna Carstensen and Jennifer Johann..." "Oh... Isn't that strange. Cause from what I know these are exactly your names...By the way what is the title of the text?" "Castration of a rapist" "Interesting.Who would be interested in so disgusting a matter? Except for one of the little bitches those says 'no' always?" "Shut up, you sick maniac!" Frau Mller screamed "Johanna how can you deny to know her?" "So you finally decided, you know each other?" "Yes" "Good. I like to have things clear... By the way what's the title of the book?" "It's..." Frau Johann stammered "it's.." "Oh, stop it! The title is "'Dicks to get rid of. How to save women from harassment.' Edited by Sybille Mller, Kathrin Neuhof and Kora Janse" Frau Mller stated. "Is it? My my, that's stupid. How are men supposed to stuff your cunts then? And all the other holes?" "That's it. I leave." "You won't. Ben." Ben stepped in front of her and kicked her into her crotch. "Even if this isn't as hurtful to a woman as to a man, it's still quite functional...Don't you think?... But enough play. To all non-members of this school: we're going to have an assembly hereafter, in which I'm going to give justice to Herr Fleischer guiltless victim of your fighting-mate Linda "Cumbag" Fleischer. I actually thought her treatment yesterday would do, but I decided to go on. All of you will make the room look a bit nicer. That's also why we will change your outfit. First I thought of something similar to the costumes our dear Frau Fleischer and Frau Neuhof were wearing yesterday." He handed a few pictures of yesterdays assembly around with Frau Fleischer and Frau Neuhof changing into their revealing outfits. "But it's nice to change things. That's why..." The SO went around the table to fetch a plastic bag "I bought this yesterday. It was fucking expensive. But fortunately it wasn't me who paid the bill, but the very generous Frau Neuhof. Ben would you please turn on the camera right now. We don't want to miss something, do we?"With that he produced a bunch of silk skirts and jackets, ultra thin silk blouses, stockings and ultra high heels. "And I bought these" He produced a few dog-collars and leashes. "Cause it'll make it more easy to lead you woman around. Now, pussies, feel free to choose... But, girls, maybe we leave the first choice to the old cunts? What do you think?" he went over to Frau Mller and patted her cheek. With frozen faces the women were staring at both the SO and Ben. None moved. "What's up? Don't you like these? Let me show you the extras I had applied." He picked up the skirt and raised in the air to show it. "Not much of a change here as I love this business woman look. And you see it's quite long for a skirt. It covers you all the way down half of your tights. To make things a bit more easy anyway, I had two slits applied at both sides "You see?" He caught Frau Johann's look as he looked into his public. "Try it on!" Unbelieving and already a bit frightened Frau Johann looked at the SO "Me? Try this on? Here?" "Sure, let's see how a slut looks in slutty clothes" the SO responded and George laughed "Yeah, better be grateful for the offer, your clothes aren't allowed around here anyway. So actually we should have you strip naked" Ben: "Don't worry you will see her naked. Did you shave you cunt, Jen?" "I.. there's no way you make me wear this..." the SO calmly responded "Well, where there's will there's a way. Ben, George, Dave would you help our friend out of her trousers." The three boys stepped before her and while Dave and Ben held the arms of the struggling teacher George unbuttoned her jeans and yanked down her legs. She kicked around wildly. "Shall I..." George turned to the SO pointing at the teacher's slip "Do as you please" No second bidding was needed, he stepped between her legs and for some moments enjoying her crotch against his while his hands were touching her all over before he tore her slip in shreds. Now he picked up the skirt. "Now, wouldn't you like to cover yourself with this?" His hands were exploring the lower parts of her body. "Yes, Sir. I would like to wear this skirt" "And will you put on the rest of the clothes without giving us further trouble?" "Yes, Sir" "Promise" "I promise, I won't give you anymore trouble..." "Fine" he threw the skirt in her face and the other boys let her arms go. The SO smiled at them. "Good work! Now, I was about to explain you the clothes..." He picked up the stockings. "I first thought about buying some garter-belts with them cause it fits this whore-look better. But then I think I prefer you high-up bitches looking less vulgar. So I dropped the idea and bought only the stockings. And somehow the idea to ruin Frau Neuhof financially. Guess how many I paid for the stockings? Come on, have a guess Cora-baby" She looked at him in boredom and said "20 Eur each" "What do you think of me? Only the best for you... Have another try!" "200 Eur each?" "Better, but not enough. I spent a full 4000 Euro on each of this stockings. I could have gotten them for 10, but you know what: the guy I bought them from wants to buy a few women to bring them to countries with a less good treatment of women. So I thought I'd donate some money for the good cause" Ben laughed. "Unfortunately poor Kathy-baby didn't have that much money with her. So the guy took her house. But enough, put them on..." he threw two stockings at Frau Janse. She took them and put them on the seat next to her. Fortunately, she thought she had decided to wear a skirt today. So now she just could take off her pantyhose and put on these ridiculous stockings. She reached under her skirt and grasped her nylons. "Oh, Cora, and remember: no panties in school..." the SO grinned. She looked at him with burning anger in her eyes but simply stood back up a bit, grasped again and seconds later her slip was laying around her ankles. Dave leaned down in front of her, looking directly under her skirt. Amused she looked at the boy "Aren't you ashamed to make such a fool out of you?" He just straightened up and spit into her face. "Give me your slip!" With disgust she wiped the spittle from her cheek, stepped her legs out of the nylons and her slip, one leg after another knees pressed together, and threw her panties over to him. He let it fall. "I said give it to me..." shortly she stood up, made a few steps picked up the panties and offered it to him. "Thank you" Dave took it. She turned around. "Stop" She stopped and went back to him. "Stupid girl, I didn't say, you could go back..." "..." "Not very cooperative... Let's examine your cunt-cover." He raised her slip to head-level. "Rather small" "..." You will have to shave you cunt to wear this..." She turned to the SO "Do I really have to listen to this bullshit? A little boy acting out his adolescent dreams? Come on..." She was about to turn around when Dave's knee hit her stomach. He hissed "Fuck you! Get back to you chair put on your stockings and come back here when you're finished!" Achingly she walked to the chair and sat down, she took the stockings and rolled the together. Now she leaned forward, stopped, straightened back up, took a deep breath and leaned down to put the stockings on her legs. She rolled them up, first right then left and then sitting up again pulled up the parts of the stockings she couldn't roll up as she leaned forward. Again she felt the pain, took a deep breath, got up and walked over to Dave. "Ready" he slapped her face "Ready, what?" "Ready, Sir!" "Better... Stand straight!" He started to walk around her. "Push your ass and your tits out!" At one she obeyed "Looks like you learnt your lesson... Now between the two of us: what is your place?" "To... to obey?" She tried askingly "Good, to obey what?" "To obey all your orders and wishes..." "And Cora honey, why do you do that?" "Because I'm a woman and you ... you are a man..." "Good. So do you only obey my orders or those of any man?" She looked in his face to search for the right answer. Did he prefer to think of her as his personal slave or of her as a slave to all men? "Sir, Master, I'm a stupid woman, so all men can tell me, what to do" "Now, fuck-meat, tell me: do you have family?" "Yes, Sir, a son and a daughter" "Married?" He still walked slowly around her, from time to time sliding a hand over her ass or her tits. "No, Sir, not married. Divorced." "Boy-friends? A tasty slut like you will have someone to stuff her..." She gulped. "..." "So?" "No, Sir, no boy-friends, Sir.." "....but?" "a... a girl-friend" He stopped, stepped before her. "You're a fucking dyke?" She nodded. "And have a son?" Nodding again. He spit into her face again. This time from very near. The spittle slowly ran down her nose and cheek. "Go to your clothes and get me your keys and your id!" She almost ran to fetch the things he wanted. "Here" Without a word he took them "Now, to finish it up, raise your skirt, show us the result" He stepped back a few steps. There she was, standing in the middle of the room. The SO and the boys stared at her and the other women tried to look away. Her hands were still before her, from the stuff she had given to Dave. Fuck, she had given her whole possessions to a pupil! "Now?" It was Dave's voice but she almost didn't hear her. She couldn't react. "Don't!" now it was Ben "she has to do it. You make it only easier for her, if you do it, Dave..." This bastard! But he was right, if Dave had pulled her skirt up now, it almost wouldn't have interested her. She dropped her arms, leaving them hanging down. Her fingertips almost touched the hem of her skirt. Now all the anger was gone leaving only humiliation. She felt tears coming from her eyes. She took a breath and grasped her hem. A quiet whistle was there. She closed her eyes and raised her skirt. When she open her eyes the boys had stepped nearer and were moving their hands up and down signalling her to raise it higher. Even higher? But she had already raised it as high as possible, hadn't she? She looked down at her. Her skirt was only pulled up half her thigh. She pulled it up. Now the boys all laughed. They laughed at her and then... she heard the call before she felt it "She pissed herself" Now her thoughts were interrupted by George who stood before her with a broad smile, arms behind his back. "Sorry, Frau Janse, today doesn't seem to be your lucky day. But I got a little gift for you. Just open your mouth." She obeyed and in the next moment her mouth was filled with some wet cloth. "Hope you like your panties. And enjoy the taste of piss" he laughed.... Ben and Dave went over to George and tapped his shoulders. "Welcome in the club, buddy!" "Now, Frau Janse, you don't expect us to let you get away like that? Give me the name of that fucking rug muncher of yours?" the SO said. She gratefully started to pull the piss-soaked panties from her mouth "No no, leave them where they are. Just come over here. Write her name, profession, address, and the number of her mobile on this" he laid paper and a pencil on his desk while she stuffed the panties back into her mouth. She walked to the SO's desk and took up the pencil. At least she wasn't standing in the middle of the room anymore all looks upon her. She laid the pencil down again and looked at the SO. He took the notice and looked at it: Bertram, Sonja Bertram. That's right?" Miserably Frau Janse nodded. "Well, boys, I got to leave you. I have to arrange a few things. Ben, please continue with the presentation. And make sure you get everything on the camera. Have fun..." 
   
   "But... what about the assembly?" "Right" the SO hesitated on his way out. "I think we will have to change plans for today's assembly or well maybe not. I don't know I'll give you a call later on... But make sure our friends here are properly dressed for the event..." "Sure" And with that the SO hurried out. 
   
   While George took his time exploring the body of Frau Janse and enjoying her helplessness Ben and Dave went over to the clothes and grinned. They picked up a blouse each and raised it in the air. 
   
   "Pretty revealing, don't you think, Ben..." "You sure are right" said Ben and held his hand behind the thin cloth of the blouse. You could see every line on it. "You will see just everything with this..." "and do two buttons really do?" "You really should wear something underneath...." "Yeah, but what?" They smiled at each other. 
   
   Then Ben went to Frau Carstensen. "So, what we you waiting for?" He put his hand on her cheek and patted her. "Tell me, bitch, what do you think comes next..." He caressed her cheeks and neck. "It has something to do with this" his hand slid down the front of her neck and down to her cleavage. 
   
   "Get up!" She didn't move. "For the fucking last time: Get your wiggling ass up" "..." Ben unzipped his trousers. Frau Carstensen turned her face away. And calmly Ben started to piss on her tits. 
   
   "You're disgusting!" Frau Johann said. "What's the matter? Do you feel neglected?" Ben said and went on pissing on her mate. Finally he had finished and shook the last drops into Frau Carstensen's face. 
   
   "Now, bitch? I think you need a new blouse. This one looks wet." "..." "Ask us to give you this one..." He pointed towards Dave who still held the piece of clothing in his hands. "Oh, come on, let's see your tits..." "Yeah, let see them titties" She didn't move. "Come on" Ben was now massaging her tits. "Or you prefer us to start with your little daughters?" She looked at him and when he returned her look coldly she knew he would do it. She forced herself on her legs. 
   
   "Give me that thing" she held her hand out to Dave. "No no, that's not the way it works. First you will come to get it. But before I even think of giving this to you will have to get rid of your old piss-soaked tatter you wear..." Dave responded. "Well, I even think, as we don't have to many items left, we use you as a doll to present the features of the rest." "..." "You really could show some enthusiasm. You will be the first one dressed properly for the assembly..." "Yeah, great" she said. 
   
   "Oh, fuck you!" Ben slapped her twice across the face "You high-up bitches are so ungrateful... Just let's have you naked before you re-dress. Go to the middle... no, step onto the desk. And you will do some dancing while you're stripping. Like a real go-go-whore..." "...bastard..." "Yeah, sure, later.. just go..." 
   
   Ben pushed her towards the SO's desk. She stumbled into Dave's arms who stood in front of the desk. He took his time feeling her up and then just took her around the hips and lifted her up the desk. "Get going" Ben sat next to Angelica. "Now, you like it how mommy looks now, Angie?" "Fuck you!" "My my, that's no way to talk to me... You know that. Let me sit between you two chicks.. What's sis' name, Angie?" "Petra." "Petra? Hi, Petra" Ben smiled at Angie's sister. "And how old are you?" "..." "Come on, get your suck-lips apart..." "..." "Hey, mother-bitch, tell your children to behave. And get busy we want to enjoy the show.. Now,&nbsp;Petra?"&nbsp;"I... I'm 17... But please, leave us alone..." Ben sat down between them. 
   
   The miserable mother finally managed to unbutton the first button of her blouse. "Don't forget to dance for us" Dave called. "Get those hips and ass moving" he smacked her bottom.
   She started to move her hips. "More!" She obeyed. "and don't forget the other buttons..." 
   She continued to unbutton her blouse. And finally slid it off her shoulders. Leaving her with a white bra. 
   
   "My my, didn't you tell mommy, bra's aren't allowed here?" Ben asked Angelica. "Sorry, I forgot." "And you, do you wear one?" "No, sir" "Well, we better check, don't we" and he pulled her near him and hooking a finger into her t-shirt's cleavage looked at her tits. "Looks good. 34D?" "Wha.. what?" "Your knockers, what size are they?" "34D" "Well, we better make sure they can swing unrestricted." He wiggled her tits holding them at her nipples. "Good. Check done. What about sis?" 
   He turned to her sister. "Breast control, can we see your juggs please" She stared at him. "Your bazookas, could we inspect them." "..." He hooked a finger in each strap of her tank top and pulled them down her shoulders. She wrestled his hands off and put them back. 
   
   So Ben just grasped the cleavage of it and pulled it down. It made a tearing sound and remained laying round her hip. "Unrestricted that's how we like them" He took his two hands full and played with her tits for a few minutes. 
   
   "Let's enjoy mommy again..." Petra tried to cover her tits again. "Oh, just leave them at our disposal. I might want to grope you again... Hey Mommy! tits out!" And all the boys began to call "Tits out! Tits out!"&nbsp;Interestingly Frau Carstensen obeyed and almost without hesitation reached behind her back to unclasp her bra. She revealed a set of small breasts. 
   
   "Not much you have there!" laughed George. "Lean forward and wiggle a bit more!" Dave demanded. She leand forward and made her breast swing. "Ah, that doesn't serve for nothing... just go on, let's see whether your cunt makes up for those non-tits!" Dave went up on the table with her "Now let's have your trousers off" Dave said "I really wanna see her ass. Looks tasty." He patted her ass. "or maybe" he stood behind her moving closer, gripping her hips "maybe I give her a little ass fuck. What do you think, bitch?" 
   
   "And you, Angie, wanna join mom getting ass-fucked?" Dave asked while sliding down from the desk back on the floor. "No, Dave, please..." "No, what?! Are you stupid?" "No, Sir" "Then why do you call me Dave?" "I... I forgot. I'm sorry. I'll remember from now on." "It's ok, now come here, please..." Angelica hesitated. "Come here..." Dave said softly. And finally she walked over to him. "Come closer" She stepped forward. And Dave sat himself down on the desk putting his arm on her shoulders. 
   "Now, Angie, if you behave maybe I forget. And you want me to forget, that you are a stupid&nbsp;bitch, aren't you?" He forcefully gripped her crotch. She writhed with pain. "Aren't you?" "Yeeeesssss.." "So. Here's what you'll do. You go back to your seat and give my friend Ben the blow-job of his life..." "I'm waiting..." She shambled back and sat down. 
   
   "I like my women kneeling..." Ben said smiling. So she went on her knees in front of him. Sitting between his legs looking at the bulge in his trousers. All this couldn't be real... "Get busy!" She reached forward and opened the button of his trousers. Then she took his zipper. Pulled it down. Now he pulled his trousers down to his knees. He forcefully gripped her round the neck and pulled her closer. Until her face almost touched his crotch. She took the hem of his panties and like a jack-in-the-box his dick sprang in her face. For a moment she just stared at his dick with fear, surprise and disgust. Then she forced her lips apart and took it into her mouth... 
   
   Dave moved directly behind Frau Carstensen. His dick pressing against her bottom. "You see, daughter likes to suck dick. Does mommy like to get fucked?" "Yes..." "Fucked up the ass..." "..." "I asked whether you like to get fucked up the ass?" "No" He reached around her hips and danced with her. At least it looked like a dance. Actually it was him pressing his dick into her ass and she trying to get some distance between her ass and his dick. 
   
   He slid his hand down the font of her crotch, then opening the button of her trousers. Taking the zipper and pulling it down. "Take them off, honey, I'm aching for your ass..." he whispers into her ear while his tongue played in her ear. She leaned forward to pull the trousers down. He took her by the hips and made some fuck-movements. 
   
   "That what we gonna do, honey. Looking forward?" "..." "We'll do that anyway. But you know that..." She straighted back up. She now stood only in her thin white panties. "Now. Looks like only a thin layer of tissue separates me from your ass..." Silence. "What do you think, shall I fuck you?" Silence. Dave pushed his hand under her slip. "Mmmh, feels soft." He pushed a finger in her ass-hole. "Soft and tight... You've been screwed up the ass, libber-cunt?" Silence. "Not very cooperative, are you... Who cares, that's your business..." 
   
   He gripped her panties and tore them off. "Let's fuck! Hey, Angie and Petra, wanna see your mother ass-plugged?" The girls started to sob heavier. "Well, I assume that means no. Which leaves us love-birds alone..." He moved his hands over her back. Then suddenly gripping her tits. "Looks like a found me some handles."&nbsp;He pulled her nipples. Thereby forcing her to bend forward. "So, let's push things forward..." and with that he shoved his dick in the helpless hole of Angie's mother. 
   
   It was a wild ride that Dave gave her. She twisted and tried to get rid of Dave's dick that shoved passionately in and out of her tight ass-hole. Just before he came he asked her "You prefer my cum on your face or to cover those lovely buttocks?" and pinched and twisted her nipples. She didn't answer but kept on sobbing. "we care for your manners later, he it comes" and with that he spurted his spunk over her full ass and up her spine. She jerked when some drops hit her neck. 
   
   "And now..." Dave said while he gripped her hair and pulled her up only to force her on her knees in front of him "clean me off. I don't want your disgusting shit-streams all over my dick" Johanna Carstensen's eyes filled with disgust as he forced her mouth to touch the tip of his cock. Brown streams covered it and even a few lumps clung to it. 
   
   "Don't you like shit?" "..." "Honey, I asked you a question: Don't - you - like - shit?" "N....no" the crying woman managed to mumble through the lips she pressed together.... "well, if you don't like it, why do you write such shit then" The boys laughed. Then Dave pushed her away. 
   
   "So, if mama, doesn't want to, here comes baby-slut. Angie what was your sister's name again?" "P" she cleared her throat "Petra, Sir" "Well then, Petra come here and clean off the mess your mother left at my dick" Petra looked at her sister. But Angie was still sucking off Ben. Finally Jana started "Dave, I... I mean Sir, can't... may I clean you instead of Petra?" "Let me think" with that he stepped over to Jana. He started to fondle her tits and felt up her crotch. First over their clothes then he slid his hand under them. Then he went over to Petra and did the same.&nbsp;
   
   "No, I think I really prefer Petra. Now come on, Petra, don't you like me?" "Sure... sure I like you, Sir" "Then strip for me and clean me off then. Come on..." "..." "Now, what you're waiting for? Off go your trousers..." he turned to her mother again, who laid sobbing in the arms of Jana's mother. "How do you dare to allow you're daughter to wear trousers?" "..." "How do you fucking dare" Dave screamed. Jana's mother started to answer for her "I'm ... I'm really sorry. Until now we both didn't realise how" she gulped down something. Probably that something was her pride "how important it is for us women to allow easy access to... to our... to our" "Fuckhole, is that what you mean?" Dave asked with a malicious smile. "Yes.. sure .... to allow easy access to our fuckhole" "But tell me, why do you answer and not our hot assed bitch in heat here" "I'm sorry, Sir. Just wanted to help, Sir. But please feel free to punish me as you like, Sir..." 
   
   "I will, cunt, I will... But first I want an answer" Petra had stopped, glad that the attention had turned away from her for a moment... "Now, the answer" and Johanna Carstensen former feminist activist and author, now only fuck-meat helpless at the hands of some boys that were younger and even a bit less tall than she. This same Johanna Carstensen freed herself from the protecting arms of Sybille Mller, raised to her feet and spoke "Master, this humble bitch you see is sorry. I'm simply too stupid. I always thought women would be equal, and no one taught me that I'm wrong. That I'm on this world to get used and otherwise should shut my suck-hole" she fell on her knees "I did wrong but please, it was was me that failed, please let the girls out of it" "I almost thought you would have understood, but now..." "Oh, please, I'm ready to be punished as well. Take the two of us, fuck us, spank us, do what you like. We ... we can even give you money, not much but..." 
   
   "You can't" the Ben who by now had shot his spunk into Angie's face interrupted her.&nbsp;
   "Sorry, Sir, what do you mean we can't" "Well the SO looked up some informations on you. And I will tell you what they say: For you're publications you have been paid 3000 Eur, for your work in the rape-prevention centre you got 500.000 Eur from the former government. 
   
   According to the new laws concerning improper behaviour of females and especially those paragraphs concerned with the re-appropriation of wasted government money you two as well as the former minister for female affairs, Jenni Schiffer, will have to pay the money back and the pay reparations amounting to three-times the sum of the money you stole this government. This equals 1.5 Million Euro. 
   Adding to this the Wolfgang-act, named after my father if I may add this, forces every woman involved in the illegal persecution of the crime formerly known as 'rape' to pay 500 Eur to each man who suffered legal consequences and 200 Eur who suffered none. There were 758 cases that went to court equalling a debt of another 379.000 Eur for each of you. And until now 5689 cases are known that didn't went to court equalling another 1.137.800 Eur from each of you. This means you owe this state together 3.016.800 Eur. 
   Adding to this is the fee you have to pay for your misbehaviour here. Which I set to another 50.000 Eur for each of you. As nobody of you two has that much money we confiscated all you own. This means house, car, cash and the money on you bank-accounts. This left a financial gap of - let me see" the SO went to his desk and picked up a paper "1.789.324,56 Eur. This means each of you owes this state about 850.000 Eur and has nothing" 
   Unbelievingly Frau Carstensen and Frau Mller looked at him. 
   
   "So," Ben continued "let's see Petra's cunt now" "Yeah, what you think you're doing" George said to Petra "Get busy, mom's shit will be starting to dry..." Miserably the young girl unbuttoned her trousers and pulled them down her legs. "Yeah sexy" Dave applauded, making her turn even more red... "See. She even wears a pantyhose. That's how I like my cunts..." 
   
   "Come on Petra, wiggle the world those firm juggs of yours" Ben laughed. "I can't" "Do it! Or I take care of you" "..." "Jiggle!" She jiggled. Obviously her resistance was broken. "Go on" Without hesitating she pulled down her panties, leaving her completely naked. When she straightened back up she had her eyes closed. "Open your eyes! I have a few questions" She now knew better than to disobey. "Have you fucked?" "No, Sir... the cunt you see is a cherry" "Hey, Angie, sis got some humour. But how come she didn't fuck. I mean she's your sis" 
   
   He turned to Angie. "And Angie-cunt is a friend of you, Jana."&nbsp;Jana looked at Ben and Dave with raging hate in her eyes. But George asked "Ben, what is this, is there something I should know?" "Jana, come on tell him" Again hatred flashed into her eyes. 
   
   "I... when..." "Come on stop stammering, let's hear the funny story..." Jana gulped and started "It was at my 16th birthday. I was giving a party at our.." "at your former house" Ben corrected her "...at our former house, around 10 in the evening the last two girls went home, leaving me only with three guys. First, we only sat and drank, but then ... they raped me." "Go on, the story's not over. And faster..." Only now she saw that Ben had forced her mother to give him a hand-job while she told the story. "And you Petra start to wank yourself for us. Up on the desk and legs spread!" "They took turns fucking me, at one point even starting to do it up my ass" "Come on, Petra, faster! Don't you like your Jana's story?" 
   "...they... they" streams of tears were running down Jana's cheeks&nbsp;"...they were fucking me in all three holes when I heard the door open. Dad had come. I was saved. At least I thought so. But instead of helping me, he just stood in the door for some minutes and watched. Then he left. I... I never felt so helpless like when he left. 
   A few seconds later he returned with some beers. And he, my own father gave beer to my rapists. Then he took the phone and called some friends to come over and have their fun with me. Me, his daughter. My... my mother was on a conference. A conference about strategies to prevent rape. What an irony, my mother is on a conference to prevent women from being raped and at home my father and his and my friends take turn in raping me.... They stayed the whole weekend..." 
   
   "Lick it up!" Ben screamed at Frau Mller interrupting the story. "Lick my cum from your hands" Finally she obeyed and Jana watched disgusted as her own mother licked the cum of her tormentor from her hand... "They had even filmed the rape. Only one week later almost all boys in the school knew the story and most of them even saw the video. To make it short, my mother somehow got the video in her hands accused my father, they got divorced, and he was sentenced to ten years." Jana's eyes were empty now. The boys were laughing. 
   
   Then came the phone call. Ben took up the receiver. "Yes.. sure.. thank you... thank you very much... good news! yes I take care of that..." 
   
   
   
   
   comments and stuff go to: educatingjustine@web.de
   
  
 



 
  
  
  
  
  
  School-upload-VERS.html
  
   
  
 
 
  
   I.
   "Hey, Juli! Get your ass over here and suck my dick!" Juli looked disgusted but mockingly at Ben "Are you sick? This is a school and not one of the cat-houses you usually go to..." The two girls she was chatting with giggled. 
   
   "Schoolbitch or other bitches - you just dump you cum and drop the pussy that's it" Ben replied. "And now it's not even you puss I want to see, I only want your lips caressing my Johnny..." "Well then..." Juli came over to Ben "...you know what's you're fucking problem, Ben?" She put her hand on his shoulder, to stress the good advice she wanted to give him. Unfortunately good advices wasn't really what Ben was up to. So it really surprised her when he punch her in the stomach and head-locked her. 
   
   "Well then, still so mighty Miss Asswiggle? You fucking well know that you ain't got a chance. It's either a cum-shot here or a visit at the SO" "Fuck you, wanker!" "So off we go to have a chat with the SO" 
   
   Juli full well knew what the SO would say. About four months before the government had decided to fight the problems of sexual violence and female discrimination by simply legalising it, and in that time also established the SO (which was a abbreviation for 'Officer for the maintenance of the submission of the lower sex' or simply 'Submission Officer'). So she just could not expect to get away with what she just did, but being ordered to submit at least saved her pride. And maybe there was even a glimpse of hope... Cause after all the SO hadn't done to much to enforce the submission or suppression at this school.
   
   By then they had reached the SO's office. "Still sticking to your decision, cunt?" Juli's increasing struggle seemed to be about the only answer he could expect so he knocked. "Come in!" the SO called from inside. "Good morning, Herr Bernhof" Ben said. "Hi, what was your name again... Sorry but there are so many boys around..." "Ben... my name is Ben" "Well, Ben what's the matter. And why do you bring this girl in here?" "Well, I..." Even for a boy it was still unused to just tell somebody a girl had rejected him. "Can I first close the door, cause otherwise she'll run away" 
   
   "Sure" Ben closed the door and then released Juli. But of course she started to kick and struggle again as soon as she was free to. "Stop that!" Herr Bernhof screamed. He stood up for his desk, walked over to Juli and shook her "Who the fuck do you think you are?" Juli stopped. "Answer me!" "I.... I'm so..." "Speak up, if you talk to men! But probably it's best if you shut up completely and let Ben do the talking. Ben?" "Well sir" "Oh, just call me Bern, that'll do..." " Well sir, eh, Herr Bern, Bern... I was..." "Now come on what kind of trouble with a slut like that can give you problems like that. Now tell me..." "Well, I asked Juli, that's her, I asked Juli to suck my dick and she refused. She even ridiculed me" 
   
   "She what? Are you sick, bitch?" "I..." "Shut up! You'll only make things worse..." "Well, Ben you're completely right to notice me of that. That's exactly what I'm here for. Unfortunately I was so busy doing all the paper-work necessary to establish the new male dominance, that i could take care of things as much as I obviously should have...." "That's all right" Ben said, he already felt so familiar with this guy, not at all like before when he had to talk to the secretary of the principal. 
   
   "No it's not, and I will take this incidence as a occasion to make that clear." By now Juli was sobbing. He went back to his desk and put a finger on the school's inter-phone system "to everybody, this is the SO speaking. I appoint an assembly half an hour at 13:05 in the big hall. Presence is obligatory to everybody. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer to my office immediately" when he took his finger off the button he hesitated a moment thinking what to do next. But when a malicious smile started to rise on his face, Ben knew he had decided. 
   
   "Ben" the SO put his hand on Ben's shoulder "how would you like to be my assistant?" Ben was overwhelmed with pride. "Yes... yes sure I'd love that..." "So then I want you both to sit on these chairs an wait till the assembly. I promise you'll get your dick sucked by this whore. But have a little patience. There's not so much time left til the assembly. And these wannabe teacher sluts aren't here already..." He again went to the inter-phone "Frau Bernhof and Frau Fleischer get your asses in here. Fast!" 
   
   Then he turned to Ben "You know these teachers? Cause I only was handed a file on them as being kind of women's liberators both of them but I don't know them personally" Oh, Ben knew them. He knew them better than he liked. The two of them and a couple more of them had forced them to learn the whole shit these fems deemed important: female writers, female scientists on so on. Once Robert and Ben had dared to ask if they couldn't learn something more interesting. But this question ended in one month of cleaning the yard and their parents being asked to talk to the principal. 
   
   Ben told the SO, or Bern, as the SO insisted should call him, this and other stories. And since times had changed now they could laugh about it. They were still laughing when the two teachers knocked and came in together. Obviously they had not dared to step in alone. The SO gave an approving whistle. Both women were dressed in knee-long skirts and blouses and blazers. And both were blushing. Though it wasn't easy to tell whether it was for shame or hate. But who cared... 
   
   "Well, did you finally make it" "Yes. Well sir, we..." "Look honey, that what you fems want to get called, isn't it, if I say move your ass in here I expect you to hurry up. Yo an run, don't you?" "..." "Don't you, sluts" "Yes, sir, we can run." "Sure" "Sure" "We'll check that. Five rounds on the tracks. I give you seven minutes" "But sir, we both wear high heels" "Oh, that's something else. I'm sorry." He seemed calm again so Frau Neuhof dared to add "But we really can run, Herr SO" "Ben, would you press this button till I tell you to let go?" He pointed at the inter-phone. 
   
   Ben walked to the SO's desk suspiciously looking at Juli and pressed the button. When the SO saw the Ben was ready he burst out "get your asses and titties moving and fucking run these five rounds on the tracks!!! To everybody this is the SO speaking. Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer are going to run in high heels on the tracks. It'll sure be fun to watch. So go the the window or the tracks and enjoy. Assembly will start ten minutes later at 13:15. See you!" 
   
   Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer looked unbelieving at each other but when the SO gripped their shoulders and literally kicked their asses out of this office, they started to run. "Seven minutes. Not a second more" the SO screamed after them. Then a big cheering and laughing marked the teachers' arrival at the tracks. He turned back to Ben. "Now, how did you like that?" Ben just smiled. "Now just let sit down and wait..." 
   
   He walked back behind his desk and started to search something and Ben sat back on the bench next to Juli. When the SO had found what he had looked for he was pleased to see that Ben's hands were busy all over Juli. And although Juli was full clothed she seemed to feel very uncomfortable. Ben noticed the SO's looks and smiled at him "want to join in?" "No, thanks, not now, maybe later. It's only half a minute to go and I'm really looking forward to what's about to happen..." 
   Only seconds after that Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer come in. Gasping and followed by a cheering crowd. Both didn't wear the blazers anymore. And they didn't have them in their hands. The SO closed the door behind them putting the crowd of to the assembly. When he turned his ac back to the teachers both were staring at Ben fondling Juli. 
   
   "But... that... that. Stop it, Ben. Immediately!" Frau Neuhof cried. For a second Ben stopped, looked at Frau Neuhof then at the SO and then continued to let his fingers explore the miserable girl's jeans covered crotch. "Fuck you, bitch. You're next on my list" Ben simply said. "Now. I... I can't believe what I just heard. Did you hear what that rascal said to me, Linda?" She asked Frau Fleischer. But the other one seemed to have resigned. 
   
   "Linda?" the SO laughed "that's cute. And what's your name, honey?" Frau Neuhof hesitated for a moment but then decided that her name was probably really worth the fight and answered "Kathrin". "Kathrin. That's cute. And what's you're working-name in the cat-house?" the SO laughed and Kathrin just bristled with anger. "But let's stop the fun and get busy." He put the box where all the things Linda and Kathrin as former women's representatives had confiscated were collected on the table. He took a few things out. 
   
   "Put that on for the assembly. I want you to help me." Both women took the things and went pale. "You...you can't" "Better don't bet on it. I can. I can and will..." "Where are we supposed to change?" "Well here, of course. Oh, and I want you naked under it. NAKED - got that? N-A-K-E-D" "In here? You really think we will degrade ourselves in front of you and that....that...boy?" "Why not?" "I can't believe. This fucking govern...." "Stop it, Kathrin, it's already bad enough. Don't make it worse." And with that Frau Fleischer former women's representative of the school, old-school feminist and formerly respected teacher started to unbutton her blouse. Only to be followed by her companion in thought Frau Neuhof. 
   
   Ben had even stopped his hands on Juli. Until then he had not seen to many female teachers undressing in front of him. After about three minutes, that were as entertaining to Ben and the SO as they were terribly humiliating to the both teachers and even only for being forced to watch for Juli also, he women were done. Ben just stared. He could not believe his eyes.
   Both were standing in bunny costumes. And the costumes consisted only of a swim-suit like gown that had furry tails and boots. The costumes were made for a Easter party where to girls who had lost bets had to wear them. Well, they were supposed to wear them but exactly those two who right now wore them had confiscated them for being "debasing women". Ben got up to enjoy the sight. 
   
   "You like it?" the SO asked Ben. "Me... yes, sure. It's really perfect... Sssshhhhiiit. Wow. You can perfectly see their cunt-lips." "Yeah, I hoped so. You know this spandex stuff is really elastic. The costumes must be like two or three sizes small for them. But on the other hand it flattens their tits. That's a bit of a pity... But go ahead touch them.." "Don't you dare..." Frau Fleischer hissed. "What was that? Did bunny-cunt say something?" And she kept quiet and frightened watched Ben's hand pinching her mate's cunt-lips knowing, fearing, expecting that he would do this to her as well. "Oh, that's cute as well..." SO said. "But wait a minute... if you..... and that.... yes, I think that's perfect. Ben have a look!" "Please, no" Frau Neuhof muttered. 
   
   "Whoa!" Ben laughed "that's cool" The SO had taken the headband with the bunny ears and fixed two dildos in the pink part of the ears. "Put them on their heads." Ben took them. "Kneel down!" he ordered the teachers. "Fast learner!" the SO commented. And Ben blushed a bit. "Kneel down, I said!" Pressing both teachers down. He really enjoyed this. The women's faces were exactly on the level of his zipper. That was just to tempting. He stepped in front of Frau Fleischer and raised the headband. 
   
   "Well, Linda, here we go. Oh, but maybe you want to get more acquainted with you new ears. Lick them!" He held the ears with the dildos in front of her mouth. When she didn't obey he pressed the dildos against her lips. "Now now, suck it. You know, that's fun, it all started this morning with Juli refusing to suck and now: here I am your former victim, in front of my teacher-bitch in a skimpy bunny costume sucking dildos. I think I like this day." 
   
   Finally Frau Fleischer forced herself to stick her tongue out and lick it a few times. "Well, you don't seem enthusiastic, but we'll accept that for now..." He raised the hairband again but instead of just putting it on her head he first pressed her face into his crotch. And then he put the hairband on her head. After he had enjoyed her tears against his dick for some more seconds he ordered her "Get up, Dildo-ear!". Then he turned to his other victim for the same procedure. 
   
   Finally, both were completely prepared for the assembly. And the SO noticed that the clock in his office already showed 13:13. "Let's go. Ben you take Juli with you on the stage. Dildo-ears, you hide behind the curtain until I call you. Everyone on their places..." And off they went to the assembly hall.
   
   When they entered the hall, only few people were there. Mostly chatting. And nobody noticed the two women that hid behind the curtains. Two minutes later the hall was full. The SO walked to the mic and started his speak: 
   
   "Dear boys. You all heard the fundamental improvements of this land. The main point of these reforms was the reestablishment of male dominance. In the process of implementing this idea into this state's laws, our government had the brilliant idea to get rid of all these women's-lib-laws that existed in the old law-books. The law concerning the crime formerly known as 'rape'. Whatever that was supposed to be... (Laughing in the public)... and other feminist pipe dreams. 
   
   What was missing until now was the implementation and sometimes enforcement of these ideas in smaller institutions. Like this school. Even I, and I'm exclusively responsible for it, didn't manage to let you enjoy to full fruits of the changes. And the first fruits you'll enjoy will come as pairs. (SO makes sign with his hands describing the tits of a girl - laughter in public) 
   
   This morning this young lad, Ben, came to my office to complain about the barefaced behaviour of this girl. He had asked her to fulfil her duties and she refused. (Girl calling from the public: "He asked her to suck him off!") Yes. Exactly. And who are you? ("I stood with Juli and Jenny when Ben dared to ask this shit!") And what's your name? ("Johanna") Now, I think Johanna and ... (looks at his notes) Jenny should come up here on stage. (both make their way through the crowd) Welcome! Please do sit on one of these chairs and wait a minute. 
   
   Where was I? Right. I failed to share the fruits... (SO smiles, public giggles) I am deeply sorry for that but I was busy doing all the paper-work that comes with changes. Especially such profound changes as we saw them. Anyway, after this Gentleman, Ben, came to my office I decided that something has to be done. First I made Ben my assistant. Ben, get up and come her, my Vice-SO! (Ben walks to the SO). He waited all the morning to get what is his anyway. But before we start with the more, let's say practical part of the assembly, I want some of the older guys to position themselves at the doors and one to get me two cameras from the media-room. (the orders are carried out) Let's just wait for the cameras! 
   
   (SO sits down and waits. After about two minutes a boy gives the cameras to the SO. SO gets up again.) Thank you, Robert. Well, now that we are prepared things can start. Ben, Juli come here. (they do so) Ben, now is the time to get what you asked for. Juli will now get on her knees and give you a blow-job and the other two will film it. (protest from all three girls) Shut up! (SO slaps one of them - Johanna - in the face) And be grateful you only have to film it. At least for now. (SO pats Johanna's bum. Laughter in the public) Well, I don't want to embarrass Ben so we do continue while he shows Juli her place. You'll all be able to watch this and all forthcoming movies on the school's homepage. (Cheering in the public)
   
   Now, first thing I like to do is to introduce a school uniform. (boohs in the public) But only for the girls. (Cheering in the public) You may think this will be expensive, but I can assure you I dealt with that. This morning I discussed the matter with Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer and both assured me that the female staff of this school will completely cover all expenses needed to make up for the damages caused by their ideological feminist blindness. (great cheering but also surprise) Some of you don't seem to trust my words, so I have to ask Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer both to step next to me and repeat their offer. (both teachers come out of their cover. The hall is completely astonished) Come here, my dear bunnies. (they stand next to him) 
   
   Hey folks, you like what you see? ("Yeah! Sure!") Have you noticed you really can see their cunts? ("Noooooo") Come on bunnies, step in front of your loving public and show them! (they don't move) Show those boys your fuck-holes! (as they don't move again. So takes them by the necks and pushes them to the edge of the stage) See that? ("Yeah") So now, these sluts want to tell you something (all three back to the mic. SO gives the mic to Kathrin. She hesitates.) What's up got a cock in your mouth? (SO and public laughing) (Finally, Kathrin, finds her voice and starts with a very low voice to say: 
   
   "We Frau Fleischer and I are deeply sorry for what we've done in all the years." - Public:"Louder, I can't hear the bitch" - "I said we both are very sorry. As part of our excuse - especially to all you boys we called 'sexists' while you only tried to show us our place - we decided that the female staff will pay for all expenses caused by our foolishness. As part of this we will pay the first set of school uniforms. The details of which our dear SO, will give you now.") Due to the amount of guilt these two women have, I propose that they now come down to you to ask for your forgiveness personally. And remember: no woman can charge a man! (two boys from the crowd pull the two teachers into the public) Let's see how Ben is doing. (Ben has taken off Juli's top; leaving her half-naked) Hey, that's a nice set of boobs. Ben make her wiggle those tits for us once. (Ben does.) Thanks. 
   
   Well to the uniform. As I already mentioned the uniform is for girls only but with them it's obligatory. Since we are not going to wait any longer and about two hundred uniforms will take their time, I decided to establish an interim arrangement. From tomorrow on girls will either wear boots, a skirt no longer than half the length of their thighs, and white blouses. For sports two dresses are allowed: for swimming girls will wear white one-piece swimsuits, for other sports the same in black. Both suits will be at least to sizes small. This will make them look like the bunnies you just saw. 
   
   For your past-time you will buy new micro-bikinis. These whose bottom parts look a bit like dental floss... (laughter in boy-public; sobbing among the girls). Ha, hear them sobbing. That always give me a hard on. But one more thing, to order the first set of uniforms you will all bring a form like that (pulls a form from his notes) filled in with you sizes and measures. You know I just thought it might be funny to also know the sizes of cocks you already experienced in your holes, girls (sobbing gets louder). You will find all the results on the homepage as well. Now, take the forms, girls. Oh, and don't get the idea to not take one. Who gave us no form won't get a uniform and as uniforms are the only clothing you're allowed to wear then... And that counts from tomorrow on! 
   
   Boys, let's see how Juli is doing. Ben? (Ben comes to the mic and zips his pants on the way.) How was she? ("Bad") Really. Well, I'm sorry to hear this. Juli come here (Juli comes to the mic. The cum still in her face and still naked for her belt upward. SO pinches her mockingly in one of her nipples.) I had to hear you weren't satisfying? Any excuses? ("No") No, what? (SO puts his hand on her crotch. "No, sirs") And what you think we should do about it? ("I....I don't know, Sir") Ben, any ideas? (Ben: "Yes, Bern, I thought I could train her a bit") Good idea! What do you think, fuck-hole? (Juli blushed and lowers her head. A drop of cum falls from her nose, probably because it mixes with her tears. 
   
   Ben: "Didn't you hear?" - Juli: "Yes, Sir, Ben Sir, I heard your generous offer, but I fear I'm not worth your time? And won't that be expensive?" - Ben: "Well, you're right you definitely aren't worth my time. Still, somebody has to care. And as you will pay me 500 euro a day I'm fine with that" - Juli: "500..." - "Work has its price!" - "Is .. is there no other option?" - "Shall we leave her a choice?") No, no choice. But I think you can take more than 500. Take 750. And now, out of my eyes with this bitch. Ben, tell me when your done with her. I want to give her a try after-wards... Well, that is done. 
   
   How about the forms? (He goes to the bunch of paper at the edge of the stage and picks the forms up. He gives them to Johanna and Jenny.) Sort every tenth out on an extra pile! (They start) Now, where are our Women Libbers? Hey, whoa, she really drinks your piss? How's that come? ("She was afraid of the alternative") Which was? ("Taking her home as a slave for the weekend") I tell you what you guys keep her for the weekend. I really like your stile... (Johanna and Jenny come to the SO to return the two piles of forms) Done? (Both nodding) Now, put your forms on the smaller pile as well ("I...We...we didn't get a form. There weren't enough copies of it") Well... I'm really sorry. But that's not such a problem you just leave your clothes at home from tomorrow on. ("No Sir, please... We...we could suck your dick, whatever you want... just not that.") Sorry, but you surely aren't the ones to decide who is going to fuck you or get sucked by you. 
   
   But since you dared to give me this bullshit you both will strip to your lingerie. ("Nooooo") Strip! (Both obey. The day has been far to clear to try to resist. Standing in their bra and undies both expect what comes next) You may have wondered, what the small pile is for. I'll tell you. I knew there weren't enough copies but still too much. So, every tenth girl won't get a uniform. Meaning they will be naked instead. And since I really love unlucky girls, the names of the girls in this pile will be undressed not tomorrow but now! (Boys: "Yiha!"). I thank you all for your patience. Johanna and Jenny read the names of the girls. And after that you'll ask the boys for permission to keep your tits and cunt covered. Good luck! See you tomorrow everybody!"
   
   II.
   Next morning.
   At the unusual early hour of 6:00 AM the SO enters the school and heads directly towards his office. The minute he reaches his office, he heads directly for his computer to check his emails with an anticipating smile on his lips. 
   "It really pays to know a lot of people", he murmurs after he read what the mail he expected. Yesterday after he left the school he had run into an old friend of him who happened to be a lawyer. A lawyer, to be more precise who once had a case of a certain Herr Fleischer who was facing a trial for trying to talk to his son after his divorce. The divorce was based on accusations by Herr Fleischer's former wife that Herr Fleischer would drink to much and hence not earn enough money to ensure his family's well-being. 
   
   The lawyer, the SO's friend, was in the beginning quite optimistic about the chances to win the trial, since Frau Fleischer was the only one witnessing against her man. However this optimism faded away as soon as he faced the court. Frau Fleischer was represented by a female lawyer who assisted in court to a female attorney. And even if the presiding judge wasn't female his two assistants were. 
   
   So that Herr Fleischer in the end was found guilty and fined. This lead to the loss of his job and thereafter he never found a job as good as the one he had lost thanks to his former wife.
   The discussion between the SO and the lawyer, a certain Herr Falk had gone on for some hours until both agreed that the lawyer took a second look at the files and gave this morning notice to the SO about his findings. Which was the email the SO had just read. 
   
   Then the SO made a few phone-calls to arrange things for today. He also received a few calls that made his mood even better. Things were really going very well since he had decided to enforce the new laws concerning the female sex. 
   
   At 7:00 Ben dropped in. He had been given one of the calls the SO had done before. "What's the matter. Why do I have to be here so early?" "Now now..." the SO smiled, "when you read this", he said handing him a print of the email, "you'll probably understand..." 
   
   While Ben was reading, the SO took a glance at the school's homepage. "From what I see here you guys seem to have had your fun yesterday..." "Yeah, you should have seen the faces of our beloved women-libbers when they realised they would have to walk home to their nice fancy houses." "How that?" "Well" Ben produced a pair of car-keys "would you prefer the BMW or the Rover?" The SO laughed. "Whoa, I'm impressed. Seems like I choose the right guy a my assistant. By the way how's Juli doing?" "Let me put it like that: for some girls life isn't the only thing that sucks!" Both laughed. 
   
   "Wanna see the other good news of today?" The SO asked. "Sure" "Read this" so Ben read two other mails for the SO. Due to their content Ben had to rearrange the content of his trousers o few times while reading. "Sounds good." "Yeah, I'm looking forward to it too. But first let's deal with our old friend Frau Fleischer. It's almost eight. The girls should start to arrive. Let's welcome them."
   
   When they left the office and arrived at the school door a few boys were already standing there giving the arriving girls the first humiliation of the day. You could clearly see that the new uniforms weren't to exactly their favourite way to dress. Especially as none of the passed the crowd of boys without losing a few buttons from their blouses or having other changes applied to their outfit. One of them tore her skirt completely when quarrelling about the length of the cut on the sides of it. Another one didn't seem to happy to be showered by a bucket of ice water. 
   
   But the real fun was beginning when the teachers were arriving. What yesterday had been only Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer's problem was now happening to all the female staff of the school. And as in almost every school there actually were more female teachers than male ones. Still, it was delighting to seen our heroines arrive in their costume. Or what was left of it. And what was left of it was so crusted with cum and piss and things you didn't want to know what they were, that the once black gowns were by now more grey.
   
   One of the crowd screamed: "Hey chicks, if you want to get in here get yourselves new costumes. It's just disgusting to see you" and you couldn't decide whether it was this or the laughter what was more embarrassing to them. Where the hell were they supposed to get a new costume from. Especially with only five minutes before they would arrive late at school... Panicking they looked around. Just by then two girls of maybe 15 years were passing by. 
   
   "Sorry. Stop, please!" "What do you want?" "Could you..." "Are you whores, or what?" "No.." "Then why do you wear these?" "I...we... Oh, just. Do you girls have anything you could give us to wear. Please, we could give you money." Both produced about 50$ together. "Well, I don't know, I don't think so. Bye..." "But wait! Please!.. We... we would take anything" The girls looked at each other. "Well," said the one "I don't know. But if you insist. This bag is for my little sis. Take a look if you want." Both teachers forgot about their pride and almost jumped to the bag. Only three minutes left. After searching through the whole bag all they could find were one swim-suit and some lingerie. "Could we..." "50$ and their yours" The girls grabbed the money and ran on. With the items in their hands the teachers turned to face the crowd. "What's up? Put them on." "And you better be quick at it. It's 7:58!" 
   
   Miserably both changed into their costume. If their previous costume had been skimpy this one was, well, not-existing would probably be the word... But for Frau Neuhof and Frau Fleischer what counted was that after allowing hands all over them when they passed the crowd the finally reached the inside of the school. They were panting and trying to relax when the inter-phone buzzed "School will finish today at 11 sharp and will be followed by an assembly."
   
   The SO and Ben were chatting in the SO's office. It wasn't a busy time. But both were looking forward to see their plan put into reality. "You know what we should do?" Ben said "We should do a family day here at school. I'm pretty sure some of the female relatives of the bitches here in school are some real hookers. And the fathers and brothers will join in once they see the advantages of the new way." "Sounds good" "And we will continue the problems for the girls after they left school. I'm pretty sure most of them will still enjoy their homes and families...Let's make them hell for the girls and heaven for dicks." "I'll see to this..." the SO said smiling.
   
   "Well, what do you think, it's only 9:30 but somehow I feel like it's assembly-time. Don't you?" "Wait a minute, let me ask" Ben put his hand on his crotch "yes, he says it's show-time. I really should have brought Juli with me..." "Don't worry, we will take care of that." The SO reached for the inter-phone. "Wait a minute. Wouldn't it be fun to have the assembly ornamented by a few degraded women?" "Yes, probably a good idea. Any special persons you have in mind?" "well, just not our both usual ones. Maybe two teachers, two pupils?" "Just choose" the SO said handing Ben the personal file of the school's females. "Don't you have more people on your women-libbers black-list?" Ben asked when he saw the number of files. "Let me check. Yeah, what do we have here. Yeah I think we found our new friends..." he pressed the inter-phone button 
   
   "Angelica Carstensen and Jana Mller report to the SO." "But what about the other two?" "Just wait a bit" Panting the girls came into the office "Yes, Sir?" "I didn't hear you knocking. Did you hear them, Ben?" "I... we... sorry, Sir, may we try again?" "Do so." They went outside again and knocked on the door. Silence. The girls looked at each other. They hesitated and knocked very timidly again. Again no response. Just when they were about to knock a third time, Ben threw open the door, thereby horrifying them. He pushed them in the office. "Well well, here we are... " nobody said anything the next five minutes. By then Angelica couldn't wait any longer "Sir, why..." "Shut the fuck up, bitch! You come screaming into my office without knocking, then you let me wait, what do you think, this is a hen-house?" "But..." this time the SO slapped her face in response. 
   
   "Now, make your mom and your older sister appear here. It's 9:56 now. Tell them, I expect them at 10:10 sharp." "But why?" "Stop that, call them" With trembling fingers she dialed the number of her mother's office. "Mom? Can you come to my school. - No, it's really urgent. - Yes, the guy I told you about. - Yes, the one with the uniform. - Yes, see you." She hangs up the receiver. "So. I'm the one with the uniform, yes?" "Now, you my dearest Jana, you will call too" "Just my mom, or my...." It was already too late when she realised this may be the wrong thing to ask now. "Don't know. How old is sis?" "Young... too young" Jana stammered. "Don't judge - answer!" "17, Sirs! She's 17. And Tracy is 16." "16 and 17, that's not young!" Ben said. "So call all three of them." The SO ordered. And already knowing better than to disobey Jana made the call.
   
   "It's 10:03 now. Let's get you some company..." again the button of the usual inter-phone. "Frau Janse and Frau Johann - SO!" Shortly after the women knocked. "You see, girls, older bitches know how to behave. - Come in, cunts!" The door opened and in came two blushed heads with short brown hair. "Good to see you. Do have a seat. We're only waiting for two more guests then we'll start." At 10:09 it knocked again. "Come in." And in came two charming girls with their even more charming mothers. "Do have a seat. Girls, please, sit next to your sisters." When Angelica's mother saw Frau Janse and Frau Johann she nodded in greeting. 
   
   "Oh, you know each other?" "Yes." "No" "Now, yes or no?" "No, we ... we don't know each other" Frau Johann hurried to say. "Fine. Ben, you have some friends who could help us with the girls?" "Sure" Ben walked to the inter-phone "Hi, folks this is Ben from the SO's office..." Exactly then Frau Carstensen interrupted "Sorry, Sir, but why are we here. I'm a busy woman...." "Do be fucking quiet now" Ben screamed at her. "Sorry, boys... well, you all know how much trouble these cunts give all of us... George, Dave could you come over here and give us a hand? To the rest of you - have fun! And to all you sluts out there - good luck..." Ben laughed and turned to the SO. 
   
   Again Frau Carstensen started "As I already mentioned I'm busy, you know I'm a lawyer, and I would like to know what is so urgent, you can't wait any longer..." "Do you know the changes of law our government decided to make recently?" "Yes, I do. Luckily I as well as Frau Mller here are part of the legal team that tries to prevent the changes." "Are you?" "Yes, I am." "Why is this?" "Look, Sir, from what I know, you are the one who forces the girls of this school into degrading clothes" 
   
   The door burst open and in came George and Dave loudly laughing "you humiliate the girls and make them perform disgusting things, so I'm not going to discuss legal matters with you..." The boys laughed, she looked angrily at them then at the S The SO returned a calm amused look. "Fine. That's also not why we're here." "Then why are we here?" "Let's see... Dear Frau Johann would you be cunt... I mean kind enough to read this line" the SO said handing Frau Johann a book, that looked rather used. When she read the line silently she went pale. 
   "Would you, please..." "It..." she had to clear her throat "it reads, written by the sisters in fight Johanna Carstensen and Jennifer Johann..." "Oh... Isn't that strange. Cause from what I know these are exactly your names...By the way what is the title of the text?" "Castration of a rapist" "Interesting.Who would be interested in so disgusting a matter? Except for one of the little bitches those says 'no' always?" "Shut up, you sick maniac!" Frau Mller screamed "Johanna how can you deny to know her?" "So you finally decided, you know each other?" "Yes" 
   
   "Good. I like to have things clear... By the way what's the title of the book?" "It's..." Frau Johann stammered "it's.." "Oh, stop it! The title is "'Dicks to get rid of. How to save women from harassment.' Edited by Sybille Mller, Kathrin Neuhof and Kora Janse" Frau Mller stated. "Is it? My my, that's stupid. How are men supposed to stuff your cunts then? And all the other holes?" "That's it. I leave." "You won't. Ben." Ben stepped in front of her and kicked her into her crotch. "Even if this isn't as hurtful to a woman as to a man, it's still quite functional...Don't you think?... But enough play. To all non-members of this school: we're going to have an assembly hereafter, in which I'm going to give justice to Herr Fleischer guiltless victim of your fighting-mate Linda "Cumbag" Fleischer. I actually thought her treatment yesterday would do, but I decided to go on. 
   
   All of you will make the room look a bit nicer. That's also why we will change your outfit. First I thought of something similar to the costumes our dear Frau Fleischer and Frau Neuhof were wearing yesterday." He handed a few pictures of yesterdays assembly around with Frau Fleischer and Frau Neuhof changing into their revealing outfits. "But it's nice to change things. That's why..." The SO went around the table to fetch a plastic bag "I bought this yesterday. It was fucking expensive. But fortunately it wasn't me who paid the bill, but the very generous Frau Neuhof. Ben would you please turn on the camera right now! We don't want to miss something, do we?"
   
   With that he produced a bunch of silk skirts and jackets, ultra thin silk blouses, stockings and ultra high heels. "And I bought these" He produced a few dog-collars and leashes. "Cause it'll make it more easy to lead you woman around. Now, pussies, feel free to choose... But, girls, maybe we leave the first choice to the old cunts? What do you think?" he went over to Frau Mller and patted her cheek. With frozen faces the women were staring at both the SO and Ben. 
   
   None moved. "What's up? Don't you like these? Let me show you the extras I had applied." He picked up the skirt and raised in the air to show it. "Not much of a change here as I love this business woman look. And you see it's quite long for a skirt. It covers you all the way down half of your tights. To make things a bit more easy anyway, I had two slits applied at both sides "You see?" He caught Frau Johann's look as he looked into his public. 
   
   "Try it on!" Unbelieving and already a bit frightened Frau Johann looked at the SO "Me? Try this on? Here?" "Sure, let's see how a slut looks in slutty clothes" the SO responded and George laughed "Yeah, better be grateful for the offer, your clothes aren't allowed around here anyway. So actually we should have you strip naked" Ben: "Don't worry you will see her naked. Did you shave you cunt, Jen?" "I.. there's no way you make me wear this..." the SO calmly responded 
   
   "Well, where there's will there's a way. Ben, George, Dave would you help our friend out of her trousers." The three boys stepped before her and while Dave and Ben held the arms of the struggling teacher George unbuttoned her jeans and yanked down her legs. She kicked around wildly. "Shall I.." George turned to the SO pointing at the teacher's slip "Do as you please" No second bidding was needed, he stepped between her legs and for some moments enjoying her crotch against his while his hands were touching her all over before he tore her slip in shreds. Now he picked up the skirt. "Now, wouldn't you like to cover yourself with this?" His hands were exploring the lower parts of her body. "Yes, Sir. I would like to wear this skirt" "And will you put on the rest of the clothes without giving us further trouble?" "Yes, Sir" "Promise" "I promise, I won't give you anymore trouble..." 
   
   "Fine" he threw the skirt in her face and the other boys let her arms go. The SO smiled at them. "Good work! Now, I was about to explain you the clothes..." He picked up the stockings. "I first thought about buying some garter-belts with them cause it fits this whore-loo better. But then I think I prefer you high-up bitches looking less vulgar. So I dropped the idea and bought only the stockings. And somehow the idea to ruin Frau Neuhof financially. Guess how many I paid for the stockings? Come on, have a guess Cora-baby" She looked at him in boredom and said "20 Eur each" "What do you think of me? Only the best for you... Have another try!" "200 Eur each?" "Better, but not enough. I spent a full 4000 Euro on each of this stockings. I could have gotten them for 10, but you know what: the guy I bought them from wants to buy a few women to bring them to countries with a less good treatment of women. So I thought I'd donate some money for the good cause" Ben laughed. 
   
   "Unfortunately poor Kathy-baby didn't have that much money with her. So the guy took her house. But enough, put them on..." he threw two stockings at Frau Janse. She took them and put them on the seat next to her. Fortunately, she thought she had decided to wear a skirt today. So now she just could take off her pantyhose and put on these ridiculous stockings. She reached under her skirt and grasped her nylons. 
   
   "Oh, Cora, and remember: no panties in school..." the SO grinned. She looked at him with burning anger in her eyes but simply stood back up a bit, grasped again and seconds later her slip was laying around her ankles. Dave leaned down in front of her, looking directly under her skirt. Amused she looked at the boy "Aren't you ashamed to make such a fool out of you?" He just straightened up and spit into her face. "Give me your slip!" With disgust she wiped the spittle from her cheek, stepped her legs out of the nylons and her slip, one leg after another knees pressed together, and threw her panties over to him. He let it fall. "I said give it to me..." shortly she stood up, made a few steps picked up the panties and offered it to him. 
   
   "Thank you" Dave took it. She turned around. "Stop" She stopped and went back to him. "Stupid girl, I didn't say, you could go back..." "..." "Not very cooperative... Let's examine your cunt-cover." He raised her slip to head-level. "Rather small" "..." You will have to shave you cunt to wear this..." She turned to the SO "Do I really have to listen to this bullshit? A little boy acting out his adolescent dreams? Come on..." She was about to turn around when Dave's knee hit her stomach. He hissed "Fuck you! Get back to you chair put on your stockings and come back here when you're finished!" 
   
   Achingly she walked to the chair and sat down, she took the stockings and rolled the together. Now she leaned forward, stopped, straightened back up, took a deep breath and leaned down to put the stockings on her legs. She rolled them up, first right then left and then sitting up again pulled up the parts of the stockings she couldn't roll up as she leaned forward. Again she felt the pain, took a deep breath, got up and walked over to Dave. "Ready" he slapped her face "Ready, what?" "Ready, Sir!" "Better... Stand straight!" He started to walk around her. "Push your ass and your tits out!" At one she obeyed "Looks like you learnt your lesson... Now between the two of us: what is your place?" "To... to obey?" She tried askingly 
   
   "Good, to obey what?" "To bey all your orders and wishes..." "And Cora honey, why do you do that?" "Because I'm a woman and you ... you are a man..." "Good. So do you only obey my orders or those of any man?" She looked in his face to search for the right answer. Did he prefer to think of her as his personal slave or of her as a slave to all men? "Sir, Master, I'm a stupid woman, so all men can tell me, what to do" "Now, fuck-meat, tell me: do you have family?" "Yes, Sir, a son and a daughter" 
   
   "Married?" He still walked slowly around her, from time to time sliding a hand over her ass or her tits. "No, Sir, not married. Divorced." "Boy-friends? A tasty slut like you will have someone to stuff her..." She gulped. "..." "So?" "No, Sir, no boy-friends, Sir.." "....but?" "a... a girl-friend" He stopped, stepped before her. "You're a fucking dyke?" She nodded. "And have a son?" Nodding again. He spit into her face again. This time from very near. The spittle slowly ran down her nose and cheek. "Go to your clothes and get me your keys and your id!" She almost ran to fetch the things he wanted. "Here" Without a word he took them "Now, to finish it up, raise your skirt, show us the result" He stepped back a few steps. 
   
   There she was, standing in the middle of the room. The SO and the boys stared at her and the other women tried to look away. Her hands were still before her, from the stuff she had given to Dave. Fuck, she had given her whole possessions to a pupil! "Now?" It was Dave's voice but she almost didn't hear her. She couldn't react. "Don't!" now it was Ben "she has to do it. You make it only easier for her, if you do it, Dave..." This bastard! But he was right, if Dave had pulled her skirt up now, it almost wouldn't have interested her.
   
   She dropped her arms, leaving them hanging down. Her fingertips almost touched the hem of her skirt. Now all the anger was gone leaving only humiliation. She felt tears coming from her eyes. She took a breath and grasped her hem. A quiet whistle was there. She closed her eyes and raised her skirt. When she pen her eyes the boys had stepped nearer and were moving their hands up and down signalling her to raise it higher. Even higher? But she had already raised it as high as possible, hadn't she? She looked down at her. Her skirt was only pulled up half her thigh. She pulled it up. Now the boys all laughed. 
   
   They laughed at her and then... she heard the call before she felt it "She pissed herself" Now her thoughts were interrupted by George who stood before her with a broad smile, arms behind his back. "Sorry, Frau Janse, today doesn't seem to be your lucky day. But I got a little gift for you. Just open your mouth." She obeyed and in the next moment her mouth was filled with some wet cloth. "Hope you like your panties. And enjoy the taste of piss" he laughed.... Ben and Dave went over to George and tapped his shoulders. "Welcome in the club, 
   buddy!" 
   
   "Now, Frau Janse, you don't expect us to let you get away like that? Give me the name of that fucking rug muncher of yours?" the SO said. She gratefully started to pull the piss-soaked panties from her mouth "No no, leave them where they are. Just come over here. Write her name, profession, address, and the number of her mobile on this" he laid paper and a pencil on his desk while she stuffed the panties back into her mouth. She walked to the SO's desk and took up the pencil. At least she wasn't standing in the middle of the room anymore all looks upon her. She laid the pencil down again and looked at the SO. He took the notice and looked at it: Bertram, Sonja Bertram. That's right?" Miserably Frau Janse nodded. "Well, boys, I got to leave you. I have to arrange a few things. Ben, please continue with the presentation. And make sure you get everything on the camera. Have fun..." 
   
   "But... what about the assembly?" "Right" the SO hesitated on his way out. "I think we will have to change plans for today's assembly or well maybe not. I don't know I'll give you a call later on... But make sure our friends here are properly dressed for the event..." "Sure" And with that the SO hurried out. 
   
   While George took his time exploring the body of Frau Janse and enjoying her helplessness Ben and Dave went over to the clothes and grinned. They picked up a blouse each and raised it in the air. 
   
   "Pretty revealing, don't you think, Ben..." "You sure are right" said Ben and held his hand behind the thin cloth of the blouse. You could see every line on it. "You will see just everything with this..." "and do two buttons really do?" "You really should wear something underneath...." "Yeah, but what?" They smiled at each other. 
   
   Then Ben went to Frau Carstensen. "So, what we you waiting for?" He put his hand on her cheek and patted her. "Tell me, bitch, what do you think comes next..." He caressed her cheeks and neck. "It has something to do with this" his hand slid down the front of her neck and down to her cleavage. 
   
   "Get up!" She didn't move. "For the fucking last time: Get your wiggling ass up" "..." Ben unzipped his trousers. Frau Carstensen turned her face away. And calmly Ben started to piss on her tits. 
   
   "You're disgusting!" Frau Johann said. "What's the matter? Do you feel neglected?" Ben said and went on pissing on her mate. Finally he had finished and shook the last drops into Frau Carstensen's face. 
   
   "Now, bitch? I think you need a new blouse. This one looks wet." "..." "Ask us to give you this one..." He pointed towards Dave who still held the piece of clothing in his hands. "Oh, come on, let's see your tits..." "Yeah, let see them titties" She didn't move. "Come on" Ben was now massaging her tits. "Or you prefer us to start with your little daughters?" She looked at him and when he returned her look coldly she knew he would do it. She forced herself on her legs. 
   
   "Give me that thing" she held her hand out to Dave. "No no, that's not the way it works. First you will come to get it. But before I even think of giving this to you will have to get rid of your old piss-soaked tatter you wear..." Dave responded. "Well, I even think, as we don't have to many items left, we use you as a doll to present the features of the rest." "..." "You really could show some enthusiasm. You will be the first one dressed properly for the assembly..." "Yeah, great" she said.
   
   "Oh, fuck you!" Ben slapped her twice across the face "You high-up bitches are so ungrateful... Just let's have you naked before you re-dress. Go to the middle... no, step onto the desk. And you will do some dancing while you're stripping. Like a real go-go-whore..." "...bastard..." "Yeah, sure, later.. just go..." 
   
   Ben pushed her towards the SO's desk. She stumbled into Dave's arms who stood in front of the desk. He took his time feeling her up and then just took her around the hips and lifted her up the desk. "Get going" Ben sat next to Angelica. "Now, you like it how mommy looks now, Angie?" "Fuck you!" "My my, that's no way to talk to me... You know that. Let me sit between you two chicks.. What's sis' name, Angie?" "Petra." "Petra? Hi, Petra" Ben smiled at Angie's sister. "And how old are you?" "..." "Come on, get your suck-lips apart..." "..." "Hey, mother-bitch, tell your children to behave. And get busy we want to enjoy the show.. Now, Petra?" "I... I'm 17... But please, leave us alone..." Ben sat down between them. 
   The miserable mother finally managed to unbutton the first button of her blouse. "Don't forget to dance for us" Dave called. "Get those hips and ass moving" he smacked her bottom.
   She started to move her hips. "More!" She obeyed. "and don't forget the other buttons..." 
   She continued to unbutton her blouse. And finally slid it off her shoulders. Leaving her with a white bra. 
   
   "My my, didn't you tell mommy, bra's aren't allowed here?" Ben asked Angelica. "Sorry, I forgot." "And you, do you wear one?" "No, sir" "Well, we better check, don't we" and he pulled her near him and hooking a finger into her t-shirt's cleavage looked at her tits. "Looks good. 34D?" "Wha.. what?" "Your knockers, what size are they?" "34D" "Well, we better make sure they can swing unrestricted." He wiggled her tits holding them at her nipples. "Good. Check done. What about sis?" 
   
   He turned to her sister. "Breast control, can we see your juggs please" She stared at him. "Your bazookas, could we inspect them." "..." He hooked a finger in each strap of her tank top and pulled them down her shoulders. She wrestled his hands off and put them back. 
   So Ben just grasped the cleavage of it and pulled it down. It made a tearing sound and remained laying round her hip. "Unrestricted that's how we like them" He took his two hands full and played with her tits for a few minutes. 
   
   "Let's enjoy mommy again..." Petra tried to cover her tits again. "Oh, just leave them at our disposal. I might want to grope you again... Hey Mommy! tits out!" And all the boys began to call "Tits out! Tits out!" Interestingly Frau Carstensen obeyed and almost without hesitation reached behind her back to unclasp her bra. She revealed a set of small breasts. 
   
   "Not much you have there!" laughed George. "Lean forward and wiggle a bit more!" Dave demanded. She leand forward and made her breast swing. "Ah, that doesn't serve for nothing... just go on, let's see whether your cunt makes up for those non-tits!" Dave went up on the table with her "Now let's have your trousers off" Dave said "I really wanna see her ass. Looks tasty." He patted her ass. "or maybe" he stood behind her moving closer, gripping her hips "maybe I give her a little ass fuck. What do you think, bitch?" 
   
   "And you, Angie, wanna join mom getting ass-fucked?" Dave asked while sliding down from the desk back on the floor. "No, Dave, please..." "No, what?! Are you stupid?" "No, Sir" "Then why do you call me Dave?" "I... I forgot. I'm sorry. I'll remember from now on." "It's ok, now come here, please..." Angelica hesitated. "Come here..." Dave said softly. And finally she walked over to him. "Come closer" She stepped forward. And Dave sat himself down on the desk putting his arm on her shoulders. 
   
   "Now, Angie, if you behave maybe I forget. And you want me to forget, that you are a stupid bitch, aren't you?" He forcefully gripped her crotch. She writhed with pain. "Aren't you?" "Yeeeesssss.." "So. Here's what you'll do. You go back to your seat and give my friend Ben the blow-job of his life..." "I'm waiting..." She shambled back and sat down. 
   
   "I like my women kneeling..." Ben said smiling. So she went on her knees in front of him. Sitting between his legs looking at the bulge in his trousers. All this couldn't be real... "Get busy!" She reached forward and opened the button of his trousers. Then she took his zipper. Pulled it down. Now he pulled his trousers down to his knees. He forcefully gripped her round the neck and pulled her closer. Until her face almost touched his crotch. She took the hem of his panties and like a jack-in-the-box his dick sprang in her face. For a moment she just stared at his dick with fear, surprise and disgust. Then she forced her lips apart and took it into her mouth... 
   
   Dave moved directly behind Frau Carstensen. His dick pressing against her bottom. "You see, daughter likes to suck dick. Does mommy like to get fucked?" "Yes..." "Fucked up the ass..." "..." "I asked whether you like to get fucked up the ass?" "No" He reached around her hips and danced with her. At least it looked like a dance. Actually it was him pressing his dick into her ass and she trying to get some distance between her ass and his dick. 
   He slid his hand down the font of her crotch, then opening the button of her trousers. Taking the zipper and pulling it down. "Take them off, honey, I'm aching for your ass..." he whispers into her ear while his tongue played in her ear. She leaned forward to pull the trousers down. He took her by the hips and made some fuck-movements. 
   
   "That what we gonna do, honey. Looking forward?" "..." "We'll do that anyway. But you know that..." She straighted back up. She now stood only in her thin white panties. "Now. Looks like only a thin layer of tissue separates me from your ass..." Silence. "What do you think, shall I fuck you?" Silence. Dave pushed his hand under her slip. "Mmmh, feels soft." He pushed a finger in her ass-hole. "Soft and tight... You've been screwed up the ass, libber-cunt?" Silence. "Not very cooperative, are you... Who cares, that's your business..." 
   
   He gripped her panties and tore them off. "Let's fuck! Hey, Angie and Petra, wanna see your mother ass-plugged?" The girls started to sob heavier. "Well, I assume that means no. Which leaves us love-birds alone..." He moved his hands over her back. Then suddenly gripping her tits. "Looks like a found me some handles." He pulled her nipples. Thereby forcing her to bend forward. "So, let's push things forward..." and with that he shoved his dick in the helpless hole of Angie's mother. 
   
   It was a wild ride that Dave gave her. She twisted and tried to get rid of Dave's dick that shoved passionately in and out of her tight ass-hole. Just before he came he asked her "You prefer my cum on your face or to cover those lovely buttocks?" and pinched and twisted her nipples. She didn't answer but kept on sobbing. "we care for your manners later, he it comes" and with that he spurted his spunk over her full ass and up her spine. She jerked when some drops hit her neck. 
   
   "And now..." Dave said while he gripped her hair and pulled her up only to force her on her knees in front of him "clean me off. I don't want your disgusting shit-streams all over my dick" Johanna Carstensen's eyes filled with disgust as he forced her mouth to touch the tip of his cock. Brown streams covered it and even a few lumps clung to it. 
   
   "Don't you like shit?" "..." "Honey, I asked you a question: Don't - you - like - shit?" "N....no" the crying woman managed to mumble through the lips she pressed together.... "well, if you don't like it, why do you write such shit then" The boys laughed. Then Dave pushed her away. 
   
   "So, if mama, doesn't want to, here comes baby-slut. Angie what was your sister's name again?" "P" she cleared her throat "Petra, Sir" "Well then, Petra come here and clean off the mess your mother left at my dick" Petra looked at her sister. But Angie was still sucking off Ben. Finally Jana started "Dave, I... I mean Sir, can't... may I clean you instead of Petra?" "Let me think" with that he stepped over to Jana. He started to fondle her tits and felt up her crotch. First over their clothes then he slid his hand under them. Then he went over to Petra and did the same. 
   
   "No, I think I really prefer Petra. Now come on, Petra, don't you like me?" "Sure... sure I like you, Sir" "Then strip for me and clean me off then. Come on..." "..." "Now, what you're waiting for? Off go your trousers..." he turned to her mother again, who laid sobbing in the arms of Jana's mother. "How do you dare to allow you're daughter to wear trousers?" "..." "How do you fucking dare" Dave screamed. Jana's mother started to answer for her "I'm ... I'm really sorry. Until now we both didn't realise how" she gulped down something. Probably that something was her pride "how important it is for us women to allow easy access to... to our... to our" "Fuckhole, is that what you mean?" Dave asked with a malicious smile. "Yes.. sure .... to allow easy access to our fuckhole" "But tell me, why do you answer and not our hot assed bitch in heat here" "I'm sorry, Sir. Just wanted to help, Sir. But please feel free to punish me as you like, Sir..." 
   
   "I will, cunt, I will... But first I want an answer" Petra had stopped, glad that the attention had turned away from her for a moment... "Now, the answer" and Johanna Carstensen former feminist activist and author, now only fuck-meat helpless at the hands of some boys that were younger and even a bit less tall than she. This same Johanna Carstensen freed herself from the protecting arms of Sybille Mller, raised to her feet and spoke "Master, this humble bitch you see is sorry. I'm simply too stupid. I always thought women would be equal, and no one taught me that I'm wrong. That I'm on this world to get used and otherwise should shut my suck-hole" she fell on her knees "I did wrong but please, it was was me that failed, please let the girls out of it" "I almost thought you would have understood, but now..." "Oh, please, I'm ready to be punished as well. Take the two of us, fuck us, spank us, do what you like. We ... we can even give you money, not much but..." 
   
   "You can't" the Ben who by now had shot his spunk into Angie's face interrupted her. 
   "Sorry, Sir, what do you mean we can't" "Well the SO looked up some informations on you. And I will tell you what they say: For you're publications you have been paid 3000 Eur, for your work in the rape-prevention centre you got 500.000 Eur from the former government. 
   According to the new laws concerning improper behaviour of females and especially those paragraphs concerned with the re-appropriation of wasted government money you two as well as the former minister for female affairs, Jenni Schiffer, will have to pay the money back and the pay reparations amounting to three-times the sum of the money you stole this government. This equals 1.5 Million Euro. 
   
   Adding to this the Wolfgang-act, named after my father if I may add this, forces every woman involved in the illegal persecution of the crime formerly known as 'rape' to pay 500 Eur to each man who suffered legal consequences and 200 Eur who suffered none. There were 758 cases that went to court equalling a debt of another 379.000 Eur for each of you. And until now 5689 cases are known that didn't went to court equalling another 1.137.800 Eur from each of you. This means you owe this state together 3.016.800 Eur. 
   
   Adding to this is the fee you have to pay for your misbehaviour here. Which I set to another 50.000 Eur for each of you. As nobody of you two has that much money we confiscated all you own. This means house, car, cash and the money on you bank-accounts. This left a financial gap of - let me see" the SO went to his desk and picked up a paper "1.789.324,56 Eur. This means each of you owes this state about 850.000 Eur and has nothing" 
   Unbelievingly Frau Carstensen and Frau Mller looked at him. 
   
   "So," Ben continued "let's see Petra's cunt now" "Yeah, what you think you're doing" George said to Petra "Get busy, mom's shit will be starting to dry..." Miserably the young girl unbuttoned her trousers and pulled them down her legs. "Yeah sexy" Dave applauded, making her turn even more red... "See. She even wears a pantyhose. That's how I like my cunts..." 
   
   "Come on Petra, wiggle the world those firm juggs of yours" Ben laughed. "I can't" "Do it! Or I take care of you" "..." "Jiggle!" She jiggled. Obviously her resistance was broken. "Go on" Without hesitating she pulled down her panties, leaving her completely naked. When she straightened back up she had her eyes closed. "Open your eyes! I have a few questions" She now knew better than to disobey. "Have you fucked?" "No, Sir... the cunt you see is a cherry" "Hey, Angie, sis got some humour. But how come she didn't fuck. I mean she's your sis" 
   He turned to Angie. "And Angie-cunt is a friend of you, Jana." Jana looked at Ben and Dave with raging hate in her eyes. But George asked "Ben, what is this, is there something I should know?" "Jana, come on tell him" Again hatred flashed into her eyes. 
   
   "I... when..." "Come on stop stammering, let's hear the funny story..." Jana gulped and started "It was at my 16th birthday. I was giving a party at our.." "at your former house" Ben corrected her "...at our former house, around 10 in the evening the last two girls went home, leaving me only with three guys. First, we only sat and drank, but then ... they raped me." "Go on, the story's not over. And faster..." Only now she saw that Ben had forced her mother to give him a hand-job while she told the story. "And you Petra start to wank yourself for us. Up on the desk and legs spread!" "They took turns fucking me, at one point even starting to do it up my ass" "Come on, Petra, faster! Don't you like your Jana's story?" 
   
   "...they... they" streams of tears were running down Jana's cheeks "...they were fucking me in all three holes when I heard the door open. Dad had come. I was saved. At least I thought so. But instead of helping me, he just stood in the door for some minutes and watched. Then he left. I... I never felt so helpless like when he left. 
   
   A few seconds later he returned with some beers. And he, my own father gave beer to my rapists. Then he took the phone and called some friends to come over and have their fun with me. Me, his daughter. My... my mother was on a conference. A conference about strategies to prevent rape. What an irony, my mother is on a conference to prevent women from being raped and at home my father and his and my friends take turn in raping me.... They stayed the whole weekend..." 
   
   "Lick it up!" Ben screamed at Frau Mller interrupting the story. "Lick my cum from your hands" Finally she obeyed and Jana watched disgusted as her own mother licked the cum of her tormentor from her hand... "They had even filmed the rape. Only one week later almost all boys in the school knew the story and most of them even saw the video. To make it short, my mother somehow got the video in her hands accused my father, they got divorced, and he was sentenced to ten years." Jana's eyes were empty now. The boys were laughing. 
   Then came the phone call. Ben took up the receiver. "Yes.. sure.. thank you... thank you very much... good news! yes I take care of that..." 
   
   Dave and George looked at him exspectingly. "That was the SO. He will be busy the rest of the day. He's seeing after our new friend Missy Bertram... What do you think boys: why don't we cancel the assembly for today and take the afternoon off? Let's take a girl or two and call it a day..." 
   
   "Sure why not..." Dave agreed. "Let's have some fun" his hand patted Jana's cheeks. 
   "Let's see your smile, my little pussy-cat." 
   
   Sobbing she looked at him. He gripped her firmly under her chin and almost round her neck 
   "I said: let's see your smile! So get smiling cunt, or I fucking give you something to snivel about." She snuffled and wiped her tears away. "Yes, sir, Dave sir, I..." wiping away more tears "I... am at your command..."
   
   "I know and you know why you're at my command?" "..." "Cause you're at my mercy." He smiled at her "You really could show some gratitude for me being so good-hearted as to take the pains of teaching you and your co-cunts some manners..." "..." "Alright, I see... Ben, anything against me giving the Mller-tribe a extra lesson this night?" "No, go ahead!"
   "Alright then, Mllers, get naked and on your knees!" All four women, Jana's mother, Jana, and her two sisters began to undress. "You! Jana, what's little sis' name?" "Which one's?" "The one with the big nipples" The girl he referred to blushed in deep red. As did Jana "Nora, sir." 
   
   "So, Nora, I have a special task for you. First you will take the belt from the trousers in which you dared to appear here." "What for?" "Well, Big Nipple, after all you had the pleasue to experience here, you really think it's wise to ask stupid questions, when you're recieving an order?" "No, sir." "Then why do you waste my time like that?" "I'm sorry, Sir, I was only curious..." "Well, that's ok, no one can expect that a bitch with milk-bags as sexy as yours would have a brain as well... Know what, let me make you an offer, have a guess, what I need the belt for. If you guess right, I won't carry out my plan. If you lose... well, I'll think about it later..."
   
   Nora looked motionless at him. "Now, bitch, let's hear it. What's your guess?" "To punish us?" "Hear that, this one sure is a bright one!" Dave laughed. "Boys, this cunt even found out, that one of the intentions of mine may be to punish her..." Ben and George were now giggling too. Dave continued "Well, ok, you sure found out this one. But I don't think this is actually anything too hard to guess. I mean, even by your standards. Ain't I right?" "..." "Jana, what would you say: isn't this pair of knockers that slipped out of the same fuck-hole as you rather dumb?" "No, Sir she's the best in her class, actually. She definitely much brighter than you are..." 
   
   "My my, Jana, always a hand in making things take the worst turn possible... I'll really think we'll be spending some time on teaching you even some basic manners... Nora, let's return to you: tell us, how did such a bloody cow like you manage to get best in class? Cheating? Fucking each and every teacher?" "I..." "Stop the crap, let's get back to our little issue... What exactly were my plans for your and your sisters' and your mother's punishment?" "Let's see: as you asked me for a belt, you probably intended to hit us..." "Be precise: hit you where and how? A speed up a little, we don't want to waste our day with stupid guesses..." "You wanted to..." she thought for a moment "wanted to spank us on our asses for being disobedient. That's my guess." "Well, Nora, congratulations, that is 100% right. I planed to give your family a nice spanking session." The Mllers looked relieved at each other. Glimpses of hope sparkling moe brightly in their eyes. "Like I promised I will not carry out this plan" Now even some cheering sounds were heard. "However, as I'm not able to spank your asses, I change my plan to whipping your tits! Now bring me you belt..." "But you promised..." "And I kept my promise." "You didn't. Miserable cheater..." ""Shut up, bitch and get me your belt so I can turn your big nipples into deep red aims..." Nora didn't move. "Now!" Dave yelled t her.
   
   The girl reached out for her pair of jeans that were already lying behind her and pulled the belt from the loops. "Good slut! Bring it to me." She got on her feet and walked over to him. "Down on your knees and hold the belt out for me!" 
   The girl almost fell on her knees in front of Dave and offered the belt with her hands. 
   Slowly Dave started to walk around her. When he stood next to her he started to caress her neck. "Not crying, my dear? How brave..." He now stood behind her playing with her hair. 
   "With which one of you hall I begin?" "I...I don't know, Sir...." "I think I'll start with mommy." "But...." 
   "I know... I know. You want to say, that it's not fair that mommy and Jana get all the fun, but don't forget we got aaaaaallllllllllllllll night for each other...." 
   He picked up the belt. Suddenly he gripped her hair and pulled her backward "Still not crying? I'll change that. I like my girls crying! Spread your legs" 
   
   She was now half lying on her back. He began to whip her stomach and breast with the belt "Spread" whack "those" whack! "fucking" whack! "legs!" She forced her legs to part. "Further!" He let the belt snatch across her cunt. And she tried to protect her cunt by closing her legs. "You better hurry to keep them wide spread..." He whipped her for some more minutes and then let her fall on her back. "Let's see how mommy takes it..."
   
   With deep pleasure Dave walked over to Mrs Sybille Mller. His hands were playing with the belt. "Stand straight!" he ordered the woman. "Why don't we make a little comparison of the family member's suffering qualities?" Ben asked. "Nice idea but why don't we check that later? I want to finish this and than check out their house...Why don't you get them ready for transport in the meanwhile?" George nodded and pulled the sobbing Nora on her legs and pushed her over as well. 
   
   "Let's not forget sis number three. What's her name, cunt-momma?" Dave asked pinching Mrs Mllers nipples. "Ca... Carla. That's her name..." "Well then, Carla, wouldn't you like to join your sisters?" 
   
   The girl looked frightened at the boys. She gulped and got on her legs. Slowly she started to walked over to her two sisters.
   
   After a few steps Ben stood in her way. "You know, Carla girl, there's a problem..." Questioning she looked at him. "Have a look! What difference do you see between you and the others?" Paralaxed she stood there. "I said: have a look!" he gripped her by the neck and made her look at her mother, who was being whipped all over her tits by Dave. 
   
   She also saw Nora, with marks all over her body and Jana who still was in the memories of her gang-rape. These memories surely weren't made more easy to bear by the face that George had begun to wank in front of her. From time to time rubbing his dick against her face and tits. He even stressed how much he enjoyed the sight of her helplessness and how much he looked forward to the night. 
   "Now? What's the difference?" "They... they're naked." "And you?" "I'm still ... dressed." "Don't you think we ought to change this?" "Sure, Sir..." "Ben, do we have enough of these confiscated hooker-rags for all our guests?" "Sure" Ben started to pull a bunch of extremely tight and short dresses and skirts out of the box in which he had found the nice costumes for the both teachers yesterday. He tossed them at one girl after another until each of them held a piece of clothing in her hands, which until a few days ago she never would have imagined they'd wear one day. 
   "Go ahead, put them on, our little dolls, we want to go..." "Yeah, it's sure going to be a long and exhausting night for all of us..." George said smilingly.
   
   Dave just finished with Frau Mllers tits. "Pick up the rag and put it on!"
   
   For a moment the room was quiet and only the rustling sounds of the women changing ther clotes were heard. After a few minutes they had finished and before them stood a line of women in whorish outfits of bright colours and stretchable materials that stressed or actually revealed a lot more than they seemed to feel comfortable with. 
   
   "Alright fuck-holes let's plan tonight" Ben started "I think by now you realised that this nightmare is going to last quite a while. Don't you?" He paused and enjoyed the despair in their eyes. "Each one of the guys will get one family. In due time this will go for every male but for now, we only make that true for the helping hands in this room... Let's see, Dave sure is already to well acquainted with the Mllers to part them. George gets the Carstensen sluts. Kora, how old is your daughter?" "17, Sir" "So she'll enjoy it enough, Robert, want to take the Janse clan?" "Fine, I gonna teach this dyke to value a dick, though I'm also looking forward to watch them performing for me..." Robert started to daydream... "Fine, that leaves our estimated author Frau Johann and our even more estimated teachers Frau Fleischer and Neuhof. But I think the teachers will be in good hands, even if we just leave it open who takes them home in the end. Frau Johann will have the pleasure to help the SO with a surprise for tomorrow. Until he returns we will just leave her in the cage where the birds lived before when we hd the old school garden..."
   
   Is it ok with you boys it we meet again tomorrow at .... let's say 5pm? So we all have some time with our new friends..." The other boys agreed. So Ben went to the inter-phone: "Hi everybody, I don't know about you, but for us it's been a hard day, so we decided to delay the assembly until tomorrow afternoon. Hope that fits you well. But I'm quite assured you will find ways to enjoy the time, don't you?!" 
   
   Ben finished the announcement and turned to Dave,Robert, and George "I think I forgot to tell you that by taking over the burden of educating our cock-less friends you also earn the right to all their properties. House, car, everything. I hope you accept this as a small retribution for your efforts. I'll arrange the paperwork to make this official before I go. Now, last question: does each group have a car? Carstensen?" "Yes." "Janse?" Frau Janse nodded silently. "If I ask you something you fucking answer my questions, dyke-bitch!" "Yes Sir, the dyke has a car..." "Mller bitches, is your car big enough?" "Yes, Sir!" "Fine, hand over the keys" One of each family went to fetch the keys for the house and the car. 
   
   "Well, if there's nothing I forgot, let's get ready for the transfer. Angie,you tie your sis and mom together. Carla, the same. Robert, do as you like." Robert decided to drive himself and so he tied Frau Janse as well. After a few minutes each of the boys left the school with a group of women. They were pushed into the cars and headed off.
   
   
   
   III. Arriving home
   
   1.At the Mllers
   
   Dave pulled into the yard of the Mllers' house. "Out everybody..." He got out and saw that he had killed a cat. And opened the door to the Mllers' house. Then he went tothe car, untied Carla from her chair and pushed her out of th car and into the house. Then he went back to get her mothr and her sister. The women stumbled in their high-heels towards the door. Dave walked behind them and pushed them in. He slammed the door and locked it. 
   
   "Ah, home sweet home, hope you like my humble hat. Hope that wasn't your pussy-cat, my little pussy-cats..." Carla nodded weepingly. "Well, I don't give a fuck. This way we at least have some cat-food for you three. Carla, tie them somewhere. You'll show me my house..." Carla tied her mother and her sister to a heavy cupboard. Dave checked the knots, patted Frau Mllers ass and kicked Carla's ass. "Get going!" "Where shall we start? You want to see the cellar?" "Where does this stair lead?" "It leads to our living rooms" "So, up we go..." They headed up the stairs. The first floor consisted of four rooms. Two doors in front of the stairs and one on each side. Carla stood hesitatingly. "Come on, let's see the rooms. Whose are these?" "The two rooms on the left are my rooms, the other two are Nora's. Jana and my mother live on the next floor." "So, darling, let's see your rooms first..." Carla, opened the door to the room at the left side of the stair. "My working-room..." "Working-room? How can you work without a bed? A whore's working room and no bed... You prefer to fuck on the floor or what?" Dave laughed. "I... I'm not a whore..." "Yeah, sure, but I know you like to fuck" He moved closer, started to grope her crotch "Tell me, how muchyou like to fuck..." "I..." she whispered "Louder, mommy wants to hear that too..." "Oh, Dave, I can't tell you how I loooove to fuck. Getting my holes stuffed is just sooo great" Carla almost screamed. "I know, I know" Dave patted her shoulder, "now, let's check the other rooms, maybe I'll fuck you later..." Carla went out of the room and opened the next door. "My sleeping room..." "Ah, the bed finally..." Dave grinned. "Let's speed up, next door is?" "Nora's working-room, and behind that is her sleeping room." "So let's go upstairs!" Carla was almost relieved to be allowed to go on. She almost ran to the stairs and started up. "Stop!" She freezed immediately. Dave followed her up the stairs and stepped behind her. With his teeth gnawing at her ear he whispered "I always loved sirs. Stairs with women on them, an most of all with women in short dresses..." His hands had begun to push upwards on her thigh. "I will now, climb downa few steps and you will show me your tasty ass and your juicy cunt. Would you like to do this for me?" "Sure, Sir" She answered with a trembling voice... Dave stepped back a bit and descended a few stairs. When he stopped Carla, gripped the hem of her dress, closed her eyes and pulled up her dress. Dave had leaned forward and started to blow air towards her. Which made her even more aware of her vulnerability. Finally she had pulled her dress all the way up over her hips. "What a pity.." "What.... are... are you not satisfied, Sir?" "Well, I hope I'm not causing you too much trouble, but... I mean I can perfectly admire your firm ass..." he pinched her right buttock "but unfortunately I can't see your fuck-hole. Would you mind to spread your buttocks for me, to give me a clear good view at it?" Dave asked in an almost sweet voice. Carla couldn't believe her eyes, was he really asking her to humiliate her in that way?! Unfortunately he seemed to. "I..." "Oh, and while you're at it, open your eyes, slut!" Dave's voice was more demanding now. 
   
   She seemed to have no other choice, so she forced her hands backwards, gripped her buttocks and spread them. "Lean forward!" When she obeyed he pushed a finger up her cunt, then two. "Have you been fist-fucked before?" "No, Sir." "Well, then we will have to care about that as well... Now go on up..." She straighted back up and already started to lower her dress "Leave the dress up. I kind of like it that way."
   
   The second floor looked like the first floor. This time the two roomes on the right were of Jana and the other two were the girls' mother's.Dave one gave them a glance and started to look forward to enjoy this his new home. "Take your mom's notebook, we'll need it..."
   
   Ben pushed Carla towards the stairs again "Let's return the others!" And Carla descended the stairs before Dave. When they reached the ground-floor they could see that the three women had made some attempts to free themselves. " My my, bitches, where do you want to go? Don't you like my company?" "..." "Carla here, was very cooperative, you know..." "..." "Are you hungry?" They nodded. "Well what a pity, there's only food for obedient women... Carla,find me something to eat. And if you want, you may open yourself a can of cat-food..." Dave laughed. Carla hurried off to the kitchen. Dave let his hands move over Nora's and Jana's body. "Must be a nice show when you start to get into action with each other..." "Fucking pervert!" "Kiss her, Nora!" The girl pressed a hurried kiss on her sister's lips. "Now your mom, and let's see some tongue action this time..." Nora even obeyed on this one. "Carla, do you bitches have a camera around here?" Her face showed up in the kitchen-door. "No, we don't have one, but one of the boys next door, they have one..." "So go, and get it. And better do it fast, we'll miss the action otherwise..." Carla obviously put down something on the kitchen-table and headed for the door. 
   
   "Oh, Carla, come here for a moment..." She walked over to him. "You think, he will give it to you?" "I think so, Sir" "Well," he stepped back a few centimetres "something not perfect" He scrutinised her sceptically. "I know!" He gripped her cleavage and pulled it down, revealing her tits. "That's better! Now go and get me a camera..."
   
   Carla creeped out of the door. "Move!" Dave screamed. And Carla started to run. He untied Jana. "Now continue to get me something to eat..." 
   
   After a few minutes Carla was pushed into the door. Behind her a maybe 23/24 year old guy appeared in the door. "Hope I don't spoil the party, but I thought I'd see her home" he grinned. "Hi, I'm Peter." "And I'm Dave." "I brought the camera", the Peter added. And when he discovered the rest of the Mllers he whistled approvingly.
   "Hei ho, finally somebody taught these bitches some manners..." "Why, do you have any complaints?" "Sure do, you know I used to fancy Nora when I was younger, but she didn't even react to this. Jana once falsely claimed I had touched her during swim-lessons. I mean I would have, but I hadn't. In the end their mother, the old bitch talked to my athletics-coach, and I was no longer on the school team.. Fucking whores..." "Well, if you like, join my little educational program. I just began..." "If you don't mind...""Sure could use a helping hand! Welcome on board, Peter!... Carla,shut the fucking door and connect the camera to the notebook! Jana make some food for our guest, and get your sexy ass out here!"
   
   Jana hurried out of the kitchen and carried a plate of sandwiches and fried eggs. She placed them in front of Dave and Peter. "Good, bitch, now help your sister..." Dave pulled her lobe and pushed her towards Carla. The boys started eating and Jana and Carla were busy connecting the camera.
   
   Finally the dinner was finished and the camera readily connected. "We're done. Where would you like us to place it?" Jana asked. "Just keep filming you mom a bit, I first want to check whether it works..." Jana took the camera and started filming her tied mother and Nora, who was still tied to her. Dave made a few clicks and opened the browser. "What are you up to, Dave?" Peter asked. "Well, you know the basic idea is, that it would be a pity, if only we were able to enjoy the way our be-boobed friends look like, so yesterday evening I had a few discussions and prepared an online-presentation." "You mean you showing images of them on the net?" "Sure, why not, I mean here we finally abolished this bloody women rights shit, but elsewhere... Look..." Dave pointed at the monitor "...first we thought we'd put the stuff on the school's homepage but then we decided to make it a different way. I mean all over the land you have people with the same problem."
   
   "What do you think about a little fashion show with our dolls here, Peter?" "What do you mean?" "Well, as their master I feel responsible, that my bitches dress properly. So I'd like to check on their clothes for example..." "Fine, so let's do it." "Alright, I think we start at Carla's room... Everybody up! Carla, untied mom and Nora and bring them up with you..."
   
   Carla went to untie her sister and then her mom. The four women were pushed towards the stairs. So the group climbed the stair.
   
   On the first floor the women waited that Dave would tell them where they were supposed to go. "Let's start in your sleeping room..." He opened the door and pushed the girls and their mother in. "Well, first let's take the key from the door. We wouldn't want doors locked in this house, do we..." Dave asked maliciously.
   "Ok tell us, where is everything in your room..." "What do you mean?"Carla asked irritated."Well, tell us which drawer is for your socks and which one for your dresses an d all the other stuff, you know..."
   "Sure," Carla walked to a small cupboard near the window. "here are my dresses and blouses, everything you put on a hanger... and here..." she pointed at another cupboard is the rest, t-shirts, lingerie and stuff..." 
   
   "I don't know about you, Dave, but I think I gonna watch the show more comfortable, and with that he jumped on Carla's bed and made himself comfortable.
   
   "Hey, Sybille, why don't you get us some beers while we stare at your daughters?" Dave laughed and laid down on the bed too.
   "Sorry, we ain't got no beer..." "So you better go and buy some for us..." "But... I... I can't walk out there dressed like that..." "Why not?" "But .. I mean... I..." "Oh, sure I understand!"Peter said, "Nora, fetch me some rope and a pair of scissors..." Nora went to fetch them from her room next door. 
   
   Only seconds later she handed Peter the things he had asked for. "Good bitch..." he patted her cheeks "Now mom, come her", he patted the place on the bed next to him. Suspiciously she neared the bed. "Come on! Hurry up, I'm thirsty..." On her knees she slid near him. He played with her hair "Am I right, you don't like the way you're dressed" he said understandingly. She nodded. Finally he seemed to understand her. "Would you like me to change your dress?" Again she nodded. But her look sure changed when he now picked up the scissors. "Dave, would you hold her for a moment?" Dave gripped her arms firmly and held her. In all calm Peter started to shorten the already short dress. If it had before covered her thighs at least half way, it not ended at her crotch. Actually it even ended a bit above her crotch. 
   
   "Let's tie her arms..." Peter took the rope. And started to tie her hands together, but Dave said "Better tie her here" pointing at her upper arms "that way her tits are forced out more" 
   
   So after tying her hands together Peter also tied her arms together directly below her armpits. Her tits pointed out... "Pass me the scissors" Dave asked. When Peter handed them to him, he started to cut away parts of the dress around her breasts. When he had finished only a small strip of about two centimetres covered her tits. "Stand up" Peter pushed her off he bed. Her legs didn't hold her and she sank on her knees "I said stand straight!" She forced herself up.
   
   "Ain't my baby a sigh, Peter?" "Sure is... Hey, walk through the room for us..." She started walking "Come on wiggle your ass a bit for us" Her hips obeyed. Dave threw a small banknote on the floor in front of her. "Pick it up" "But..." "Use your mouth..." She knelled down "uhuh, straighten up, and keep your legs straight..." She knew what they were up to, actually it wasn't too hard to guess, but what could she do... Just when she started bending forward, she could feel her dress moving up. Her lips could almost reach the note... "Bend a little further.." she touched the note... "stay like that..." "maybe you would like to spread your legs a bit?"
   "Sure sir" the note fell down again. "not very skillful... oh, and spread a bit further, will you..." Dave mocked her. "Yepp, that's better," Peter stated "I can see her fuck-hole perfectly..." "It really looks juicy, don't you think?" "Sure does, but a bit empty..." "That should be changed, don't you think?" "Come here, Sybille, kneel between us" Dave said and moved a bit aside so that the women could kneel between the two man lying on the bed. Miserable and fearing her next humiliations the woman walked to the bed, dropped on her knees and slid over to the two boys. 
   
   Peter groped her tits "Remember the trouble you caused me?" "..." "Come on, don't be shy..." He still played with her tits, now twisting her nipples... "What trouble did this bitch give you?" Dave asked. "Well..." Peter started "maybe you want to tell him, Sybille,I mean before I get angry..." She hissed when he pinched her left nipple. "Maybe you then, Nora?" "..." "Well, well not a fine education, to let other people do all the work... to keep it short, Carla and my brother, Jonas, are the same age, one day after the swimming lessons at school, my Jonas locked Carla in the shower. You know the shower of the girls is connected to the boys' shower room by a service door. This door usually is locked of course but this day it wasn't and Carla was the last in the shower-room. So my brother had locked the doors of the girls' shower-room and said he wouldn't let her out before she handed him her swimsuit. She did. Then he said, he'd only return the swim-suit to her after she came with him to the boys' shower, where all the other boys were waiting. She started to plead and wail, like those bitches usually do, right?" 
   
   Peter interrupted the story for a moment and padded Frau Mller's cheek "don't you cunts always moan and make a fuzz for nothing?" the padding was now almost slapping. Frau Mller seemed to be trying but didn't manage to say a word "answer, me?" now Peter slapped her really hard for a few times, her face was thrown from one side to the other. He stopped, took her face with his right hand and pulled her close to him "I want an answer!" "Yes, Sir! We ... we cunts are crybabies..." 
   
   He pushed her away "Crybabies? ... You are shit... nothing but worthless shit... But let's get back to the story... After a few minutes of making a fuzz and still nothing happened, Carla, opened the door of the shower a bit and peered whether my brother had left. She didn't see him, cause he was hiding round the corner. And when she got out of the shower, he gripped her and before she could react he had pushed her, naked as she was, into the boys' shower. Must have been a lot of fun, Carla here with 10 boys..." Peter laughed again "to finish: Some of the girls waited for Carla, missed her, finally returned to the shower, found the door still locked and fetched a teacher. They opened the door and, well, found Carla.
   
   In the end, though nothing interesting had happened by then, the fucking women-libbers of the fucking school made an investigation, needed somebody guilty, and decided to take my brother. Then the whole fucking Mller-family demanded that my brother should be expelled from the school, and so was he.
   
   In the end he went to Brazil with with the peace corps and from what I hear, he seems to be, well, enjoying things..." Peter smiled lewdly.
   
   "Nice story, sure you all miss our friend Jonas..." he looked at the Mller family. "Now, back to the present. Sybille, turn around." The woman turned on her knees. "Now, face down on the bed!" She hesitated shortly but obeyed. She was lying with her face down on the bed, her ass between the two boys. Peter slapped her ass "push your sexy ass a bit more, mother bitch" she did and the dress slip up even further her hips, but Peter pulled it up a second later anyway. He slapped her ass again "Oh, come on, do we really have to ask you to spread your legs over and over again?" She moved her knees apart. "I really think you can do better than this..." this time Dave spanked her. She spread her legs further. "See that?" Peter asked. "Sure do" Dave answered. "Hey, mom, have a guess, what do we see?" "..." " "not very cooperative, the old bitch" Dave stated, "maybe we have to warm her up..." he took Carla's belt in his hands again and smacked it down on the exposed ass a few times. 
   
   "Stop, please!" Frau Mller screamed. "We're listening..." "You, Sirs are looking at my vag... " Smack! "at my cunt." "Really? Which part is your, what is it called again?" Dave asked stroking her ass and her inner thighs "cunt, Sir it's called cunt. It's the hole between my legs" "this one?" he ran his finger along her outer cunt lips. "Yes, Sir, that one.." She murmured "What is it for?... And a bit louder if you don't mind..." "my vag... my cunt is... is..." she couldn't, not after all what she had done for the women's liberation movement; she couldn't subject to two bastards that abused her and her daughters. But still... Her deliberations were interrupted by a few hard smacks with the belt. "is for fucking..." tears were running down her face "fucking? what is fucking?" Dave was shoving two fingers in and out of her cunt. "Fucking is if a man... if he finds me worth to ... to stick his dick up my cunt, just..." Dave now shoved the full hand in and out. "...just like you do stick your fingers up my twat now." "I see... your, what was it, cunt?" she nodded "your cunt seems rather elastic... you feel anything if you get... fucked?" "Yeeeeeessssssss,"she bit her lips to prevent herself from screaming as Dave now pushed his fist into her cunt "...I... I feel it... please, please stop..." "How often do you do it, fucking?" "Not," she relaxed a bit as he pulled his fist out "not very often..." "I see... you can only fuck a cunt, or are there other ways, too?" "I ... you... one can also fuck elsewhere..." Peter smacked her ass "Don't play stupid, where?" "You can fuck my ass..." "uuh, that's disgusting, then I'll have shit on my prick" Dave played the disgusted. "Ye.. yes but... you know you can also stick your dick in my mouth. then... I mean if you fuck mouth after you fucked my ass, I can clean you off..." "mmh, looking forward..." Peter now was fingering her cunt, while Dave had made Jana lay down next to him. "I think that's enough for know, I'm getting really thirsty.." Peter stopped finger-fucking Sybille Mller, gave her ass a final slap and said, "Ok, bitch, get your ass moving and get us some beers..."
   Sybille hurried off the bed and out of the house. 
   
   Comments and critique go to:
   rapelover &lt;at&gt; gmX [dot] net
   
   
  
  
   
  
 


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rapelover


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





