BDSM Library - Rachel the High-School Student




Rachel the High-School Student
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rachel, a young teenage beauty, is raped orally and vaginally, masturbated against her will and made to orgasm by a stranger in her own house, and filmed throughout her ordeal.


Rachel the High-School Student

by Dark Avenger. Send comments to darkavenger at tokyo.com












Part 1 (Mf,nc,finger-fucking,oral)

I saw her at the restaurant. She was very pretty, and was 
probably fourteen or fifteen years old. She was with her parents at the next table. 
Her hair was medium blonde in color, tied back, high, in a ponytail which 
reached her shoulders. She had an aristocratic nose 
with a prominent bridge, which I could see she inherited from her mother. She 
ordered salad for the first course and then had a small serving of spaghetti 
with mussels while her parents indulged in roast chicken. You could tell that 
she was weight conscious, and very slim. She was wearing a figure-hugging white blouse, 
which you could glimpse the outlines of her bra. Her eyes were large and bright, 
and her cheekbones high, and I stole several glances at 
her from the next table, as her seat faced my table, whilst her parents'
backs were facing my table. There was a look of slight defiance in her, this 
teenage beauty. She was tall too, probably the same height as her father at 
about five feet seven.

I paid for my meal, stood up from my table, and started to make my way
past her table. I had turned my body to pass by the narrow space between
the back of her father's chair and the unoccupied chair at my table, and I was 
sure my deliberate movement would make her look up. When she did, my eyes locked 
with her brown eyes. My stare was clearly intentionally - she looked back at me, 
not sure what to make of it, but she did not look away. It was just two 
seconds but I knew she would remember me if she saw me again. "We'll meet 
again my young beauty" I told her silently in my mind. I broke the gaze and 
left the restaurant.

--

Two weeks later, I was parked outside her house, twenty yards away in a shady
spot in my getaway vehicle. It was a great vantage point to see who was coming 
in or leaving her house without being conspicuous. I had followed them home the 
other day after therestaurant meal and found out where they stayed. It was a nice 
neighborhood in the suburbs, which I would expect as the restaurant I found them 
in wasn't a cheap place.

Today, my beauty would be alone in the house. Both her parents would leave the 
house at seven-thirty in the evening, and would not return till about ten. 

Sure enough, like clockwork, her folks drove out at the expected time in a 
Mercedes, the metal gate closing behind them. After about ten minutes, I got out
of my vehicle and made my way to the alley beside the house.

Scaling the wall was easy enough, and I made it over with my rugsack. Like the
houses belonging to most families in the neighborhood, getting into the building itself
would not be a problem once you were in the compound as this was a good residential
area and nobody really locked their doors inside. 

The sky had already darkened, and I licked my chops - there would be a good three
hours for me to savor this luscious morsel. Sliding the glass door aside, I crept 
into the living room and made my way up the staircase.

Along the way, I saw the family photos and trophies of my girl. Rachel was her name. 
Already quite a stunner since she was a little girl, it looked like she had 
grown up fast in the last few years. Long-jump runner-up, elementary school grade 5. 
Baseball team, middle school grade 8. Rachel was quite an active girl it seems. 
Was she sexually active already I wondered. She would be at the age when many 
guys would be going after her, but I was sure her father would be strict and 
probably over-protective, judging by how he fussed over what she ordered at the 
restaurant.

Hearing some music from the corridor upstairs, I paused in my steps. She must
be in her bedroom. The door was slightly ajar and I edged closer my back against
the wall. I could see her in her room, standing up, her back to me. She was only 
dressed in her undergarments, totally oblivious of the intruder in her house. 

In one quick motion, I had slipped into her room and shut the door behind me.
Hearing the sound of the door, she spun around. She was totally aghast,
her jaw dropped open as she took in what she saw - dressed in black from head to 
toe, a tall male stranger in her bedroom, his face masked like a burglar would. 
The only part of my face that she could see were my eyes.

I wondered how she would react. Some girls would just scream their head off or 
start crying. Others would be scared stiff and stay completely quiet or
manage a "w..what do you want?". I betted on the latter. I was wrong. 
Rachel recovered from her shock in a few seconds - she rushed to her open window 
and just about started to cry her lungs out for help when I clamped my gloved hand over 
her mouth and pulled her off balance. As she fell to the floor, I slammed her 
window shut, and whipped out my knife.

With seven inches of serrated stainless steel held in front of her face, 
Rachel kept quiet and she stayed on her side on the floor dressed
only in her underwear, supporting her upper body with her thin outstretched arm.

Pulling the lower part of mask down below my chin, I spoke. 
"What's your name?" I asked in a gruff voice.

She paused for a second, probably thinking whether she should tell the truth
or lie. "RRachel.." she stammered. 

"That's a good girl, Rachel," I smiled. Her bra and panties were patterned in 
matching maroon. I looked at her young fair bosom supported by the half-cup
brassiere, her slender long legs accentuated by her tanga cut panties
and my cock started to harden in anticipation. As she sat there on the floor
with her legs stretched out on her side, I gazed at her body boldly, and
she shifted her legs uneasily as she looked at me. Her skin was flawless -
there were no stretch marks or baby fat at all on her bum like some girls
at her age would - it was completely taut and baby smooth
right from her where the curve of her hips began to her slender thighs and 
down to her calves.

"Alright Rachel, you listen to me carefully now," I said. With the upper half of
my face still masked, she did not recognise me. "I came here to look for
some money and jewelry. To make a living out of wealthy folks like your
parents."

She nodded, her eyes searching my face to try to glean my intentions. 
"I guess its just bad luck that such a lovely lady like yourself was here
when I broke in," I continued. The fear showed in her eyes but she did not
speak.

"If you do exactly as I ask, I promise you won't get hurt okay... If you
don't.." I picked up the large teddy bear sitting on her bed with my left
hand as I kept the knife in front of face with my other, "..you'll find that 
I don't have very much PATIENCE." To emphasize my last point, I had stuck 
my knife into the middle of the soft toy as I said it, and the tip of the 
knife came out right from the other end. Young Rachel flinched back but did not 
cry out.

"You understand me?" I asked the distraught teenager, pulling out my 
knife. The downy stuff came out with the serrated edges, and I took my 
time pulling it out in front of her face to get the message through. 
Now I would never really hurt her with the knife, but it was to 
get the best behavior out of the young beauty. She quickly nodded.

Without removing my eyes off her, I pulled out my Sony Digicam from 
my rugsack. "Its a good thing I brought this along today," I smiled at
her. 

Her eyes grew huge as she watched me turning it on, and she 
finally spoke, "What do you want?"

I intentionally ignored her question, fiddling with my camera.

"Just some entertainment little girl. I'll leave the house
once we're finished. If you're good and do exactly as I say, this will
all be over quickly. I won't even need to touch you."

She nodded.

"Now get up."

She stood up.

"Now sit down on the bed".

She sat down at the edge of her bed, feeling a little conscious 
about her state of undress.

Focusing the Digicam at her, I started the recording. "Just a little
souvenir to remember you by. Don't worry."

"How old are you, Rachel?"

"Fourteen... Going on fifteen in December," she replied. 
Her arms were folded across her stomach in a position that looked like
she was feeling cold, and she kept her legs closed like a lady would.
She looked nice and vulnerable.

"Stand up now...stand in the middle of the room," I trained the camera
on her as she got up. I moved her to the center of the room whilst
I made myself comfortable on her bed, keeping her in my viewfinder.

She stood there in the middle of her room, trying to hide her body 
from the video-camera but not explicitly daring
to do so while I watched her. Her arms were now folded in front of 
her body, and her right leg slightly crossed in front of her left,
as if she was subconsciously hiding the treasure between them.

"Now drop your arms to the side... Good.... I want you to dance 
for the camera. Nice, slow and sexy. If you do real well, I'm 
going to let you go immediately."

She looked distraught but I think she already expected it. With her 
undergarments still on, it was not too bad for her she must have
reasoned.

She started to sway her hips and shoulders. And so, lying back on
Rachel's soft bed, smelling the sweet feminine smell of her body
in them, I watched the fourteen year old school girl dance for me in her
bra and panties. My cock was starting to get hard.

"Turn around slowly.... and move your hips a bit more.." I instructed,
"Good...very good. "

God, she was so sexy, I soon had a raging hard-on in my underwear as
I stared at the youngster moving her hips and thin limbs. She slowly
turned in front of me, showing me her perfect buttocks and back.

With some coaxing, I even got her to raise her arms up, pile up
her hair on the top of her head and expose the back of her 
neck to the camera - very erotic moves.

"Cross your arms slowly in front of your chest and touch your shoulders
with your hands. Slowly!" I commanded, my eyes locked on the beautiful
teenager. "Now slowly uncross them VERY slowly and put your hands 
on your hips. I want you to touch yourself as you do this."

Rachel was sizzling hot prick-tease!  Her fingers seemed to be
tracing fire as they caressed the taut skin of her bosom, flat 
tummy and girlish hips. Even an impotent man would cum 
just watching the hot young thing. I was real glad I caught
her sexy little dance on film.

I couldn't stand it anymore. I had to taste this young thing!

Catching her by surprise as I leapt up at her (she cowered back
and let out a little scream thinking I was going to hit her), I 
had looped her wrists in a little length of rope.

"You said you would go if I danced well!" she cried out, as she 
realised that I was tying her hands together. 

"You did magnificent, my dear Rachel. Too well in fact..." I
grunted, my loins on fire with lust for the teenage beauty.

Throwing the loose end of the rope over the beam across the ceiling
- it was a stroke of luck that the architecture of this house would
help me in this - I secured her wrists above her head, exposing her
sexy underarms. She had obviously shaved her armpits, but I was sure
she would only have a very light fuzz anyway.

Rachel looked like she was going to cry when she realised that she
was effectively immobilised. Her hands were tied up together high above her.
Her body would be freely accessible to my manipulations.

I reached behind her to unfasten her bra clasp, moving slowly and
watching her face. If she wanted to fight me, it would be now, and a
kick in your groin could well dampen your libido. But while she tried 
to resist, the rope held her in position, and she did not try to attack
me.

I lifted up her bra cups gently and she started to whimper. "No... please.."
she pleaded. "Hush.... I won't hurt you..." I cooed as I feasted my eyes
on her pale, apple-sized titties. Kneeling down in front of her, 
I edged forward real close to her such that her bosom was directly in 
front of my face and her legs almost touching my chest. I could feel her 
young body trembling as my hands grasped her small waist gently and my 
lips touched the center of her naked chest. Fastening my mouth on her pinkish
nipple and started to lick it hungrily. My tongue flickered over her nipple
and I felt it go erect in my mouth. She cried out, turning her head 
from side to side, and pulling on the rope but I hugged her hips and thighs
close to my chest as I feasted on her adolescent breast.

"Please..no... stop..." she whimpered but I continued my oral assault on 
her sensitive nipples, alternating between both breasts, pausing 
momentarily to admire their perfect conical shape. She was probably 
a B cup, not that large, but I preferred sensitive breasts to large ones.


Tiring of my kneeling position, I got up, and dragged a chair in front
of her and sat down, admiring my handiwork. Her hair
was slightly messy hair now. Glistening on her skin was my saliva on
her breasts. She had a slightly flushed complexion. "Please go away.." 
she whimpered, looking at the floor. "I won't tell anyone.." she pleaded,
her eyes looking into mine.

"I'm sure you won't, honey... or you will find a copy of this in every
mailbox in the neighborhood and in your school," my thumb pointed to the
faithful handicam recording her ravishing by the side.

Her head hung low between her arms but she did not speak. She must hate me. 
I took off my gloves and 
grasped her chin gently with my right hand. She tried to turn away but
could not as I tightened my grip on her jaw. "Look at me" I ordered her.
She stared at me defiantly now, her initial fear of me had turned into
anger. But her sharp features, high-cheek bones, rebellious stare and slightly
messy hair now only stoked my lust for her. Still holding onto her jaw
and turning her head toward me, my index finger now touched her lips,
gently caressing them. As I forced my finger into her mouth, she was 
confused and surprised and tried to turn her head away but couldn't as 
my other fingers held her jaw firmly. 

"Mmmmm," she squirmed and protested audibly trying to keep my 
digit out of her mouth. Nevertheless she did not dare to bite me for
she was still fearful enough of me or what I would do with the knife.
Reluctantly, she accepted the intrusion of my finger and I started 
exploring her oral cavity with it. "That's a good girl Rachel. Look
at the camera," I told her, as I slid my finger in, out and around her
mouth which was rapidly salivating (involuntarily of course, much
to her dismay). Watching the video later, one
could see the lovely Rachel looking directly at the viewer as she
was forced to take my finger in her mouth.

I stood up once more and kissed her deeply, again catching her by
surprise as my tongue fiercely explored the inside of her mouth. 
As she resisted and squirmed, my hands freely explored her
body, caressing the small of her back and her naked breasts, whilst I 
kept my lips locked firmly on hers. She struggled to move back away from me, and 
I could hear the rope straining. With my left hand I pulled her waist 
against me while my right hand moved down between her
legs, searching for the small crevice that would lead to the center
of her feminity. 

Taking advantage of her confusion as she tried to prevent my tongue from
intruding into her mouth, my hand moved quickly to her crotch. My 
middle finger dove between her soft inner thighs and was adeptly 
rubbing her slit through her panties. Distracted as I forcibly kissed her, 
she did not manage to resist my advances on the other end as my 
finger caressed her sensitive slit. A combination of the fear, 
excitement and my loving attention to her maturing body would have
caused the young girl to involuntarily lubricate - I could feel 
the damp spot in her panties.

Only when I stopped kissing her, did she look down in horror - my hand
was lodged between her inner thighs, my finger stroking the most intimate 
part of her body. Pausing in glee at her reaction, I stooped down and 
starting to pull down her panties slowly (amidst much protest from her), 
and sure enough there was the damp spot, quite visible from the inside. As I 
peeled the panties away from the treasure that it hid, a sticky strand formed
between the fabric and her labia lips. A truly erotic sight! 

By now, Rachel was extremely distressed. She had been betrayed by her own body -
she was experiencing the sensations of pleasure that I was giving 
her despite her unwillingness to participate in it. She gave a gasp as I 
latched my hand to her crotch once more, the whole of her young body tensed up 
as I inserted my finger into her naked slit, which was extremely well-lubricated. 

Pushing my finger deep in all the way 
to my knuckle, Rachel could not help but try to stand on her tiptoes
as I invaded her sexually. Her twat was real hot and wet!

As she protested loudly with a few squeals, I started to 
massage her young cunt with the rest of my fingers as my index finger was
buried in her tight vagina. Her body flinched deliciously 
as my fingers brushed against the little pleasure button that
was her clitoris. Mechanically, I finger-fucked her. 

After going in and out for a minute with my finger, she was lubricating 
copiously -  all the while her girlish hips twisted this way and that to 
try to get away from my hand, but it was glued to her hot cunny, 
my fingers dipping into her honeypot. With my other hand, I rolled her 
erect nipples between my thumb and index, so now both her upper and lower
body was being stimulated involuntarily.

I increased the speed of my loving hand, now plunging two fingers 
into her tight hole in rapid succession. Her soppy wet cunt made lewd noises as 
fingers moved so fast it was a whir. Rachel cried out pleading me to stop. Her juices dribbled
out of her cunny and down her inner thighs as I continued the onslaught. 
She was SO wet that her love-juice spurted out as I forcefully finger-fucked
her cunt into overdrive.

As I withdrew my triumphant fingers, they were dripping wet, some of her juices 
ran down to my wrist as I held up my hand for her (and the camera) to see. 
I put them in my mouth. Yummy! Exhausted from the exertion, Rachel was 
panting hard, her eyes half closed and her hair dishevelled.

Untying the free end of the rope from the table leg, I freed Rachel from
the beam, but did not undo her bound wrists. I forced her to kneel 
down in front of me instead.

Dropping my pants, my cock was already at half-mast. Forcing Rachel to
take me into her mouth, I became fully erect very quickly, seeing
her sexy lips sealed around my shaft and her cheeks filled out with 
cock meat as she struggled not to choke taking me in. With one
hand holding the back of her head, I started to hump her hot mouth. 
Seeing her beautiful face on the business end of my cock being fucked, 
I was so aroused that it did not take me long to feel the climax coming.

My balls swollen with jimmy juice that I was saving for the occasion, 
I gave a loud groan and withdrew my shaft from her mouth. Holding her
face directly under my cockhead, I started to cum. I pumped my spasming
cockshaft with my fist, as I came onto the pretty face
of this teenage princess - my thick white ejaculate spurted out loads
with each powerful spasm, coating her face with pearl jam. 
Rachel shut her eyes tight and kept her lips closed, but the otherwise
sperm-streaked face of this fourteen year old beauty and the entire
cumshot was all caught on high-definition full color video for my
viewing pleasure later.

----



Rachel the High-School Student

by Dark Avenger. Send comments to darkavenger@tokyo.com












Part 2 (Mf,nc,rape)

Rachel was sprawled on the bed, splendidly nude with my cum streaks all 
over her face. She panted as she laid still on her bed, recovering from
the last ordeal when I finger fucked her and then gave her a facial.

Pulling out the Eroscillator - it looked like a small suction pump -
from my rucksack, I sat down on her bed. I sat the naked girl on my lap, 
with her back to me, hooking her legs over mine, and using my lower 
legs to hold hers open.

Facing the full length mirror on her wardrobe, both she and I could 
see her entire frontal and exposed cunny clearly. I repositioned my
video camera too, so that it was facing the mirror. Rachel could see
my masked face over her shoulder through the mirror as well and
she pleaded with me as I placed the pump over her still wet cunt 
lips where her clitoris was already peeking out from its hood. 

The Eroscillator, when turned on, created a minor vacuum over the
clitoris, thus increasing blood flow and arousal to the female. It
was designed to stimulate the clit directly and delivered a mind-shattering
orgasm (or even multiple orgasms) eighty-percent of the time. Or so the literature
read when I acquired the gadget. I had modified it myself so that it could 
be strapped onto the girl and you didn't need a hand to hold it in place -
useful for situations such as this lovely evening. I turned on the
gadget to full-blast and instaneously got a reaction from the poor
girl.

Rachel squirmed and tried to lift her bum from my lap. I held her
down by holding down her knees and keeping her legs wide open and
her pubic mound totally exposed in the reflection of the mirror, the 
whirring Eroscillator strapped onto her crotch. She
gave feeble cries of resistance when she realised that again she
was being turned on against her will, her young body reacting
naturally to the sexual stimulus. The guilty sensations of pleasure
pulsed through her pelvic area and she found it hard not to moan
as her sensitive clit seemed to have gone out of control, sending
massive pleasure signals to her confused brain.

Meanwhile the squirming of her tight bum on my lap, and the erotic
image of the young teenager's prominent pelvic bone and flat tummy
in the mirror had made my cock hard again.

As the pump continued its work, Rachel's thighs had started to tire
and she could not lift herself up from my cockhead which had started
to stand up and was right at the entrance of her maidenhood. She was 
helpless as I guided my cockhead to her cunt lips and eased it in.
Her cunt already wet from my previous manipulation, the cockhead slid
in a good two inches. Tears ran down her cheek and I could hear
her sobbing, "Please...no...I'm still a virgin..."

"You're a virgin cock-tease that's what you are," I said. "You're
a slut who's getting turned on by this."

"No....no.." she sobbed.

"Yes, you're a cock-craving slut. You masturbate very often don't
you?  I can see that from how much juice you leaked so quickly
from your cunny when I played with it. You play with your cunny
often don't you? Look at how wet you are, you slut," I taunted
her even as I could see the eroscillator was pushing her close to 
the edge.

"No! I'm not.. don't..please..."

"Yes you are a slut. You want to cum don't you.... why don't you
cum and leak all your nasty juice over my big cock here. Do you
want my cock slut? Do you think about cock when you play with 
your cunny, Rachel? When you wear your tight blouses and short 
mini-skirts, do you get excited thinking about all the grown-up
cocks you are making stand up? Yes baby, I know you do. You want
COCK don't you? You want to cum badly don't you...go on.."

I could feel the tremors in her abdomen and pelvic area increasing
in frequency. She was about to climax. I squeezed her small heaving breasts
and erect nipples, enjoying the image of her hot body in the mirror,
my hairy arms a stark contrast against the fair skin of her bosom.

As she reached the brink of ecstacy, I pulled her upper body close
to mine, giving her a nice long lick on the sensitive part of her
neck up to her ear and nibbling it. With the combined stimulation
of her clitoris by the humming Eroscillator, and her erogenous zones
by my mouth and tongue, plus my cockhead rubbing against her 
clitoris, Rachel started to climax. As the first
overpowering wave of orgasmic pleasure rocked her body, I cried into 
her ear, "Look in the mirror, Rachel." 

As her eyes opened and saw her reflection and mine behind, I pulled
her hips down and sank my swollen cock full-hilt into her, breaking
her tender hymen even as the orgasm overpowered her young frame. 
She cried out, whether more in the throes of orgasm
or in pain I could not tell, but I forced her to look into the mirror
as she cummed hard, her face heated in lust, and the face of
her masked rapist shrouded behind her shoulder, and herself impaled
fully on his cock.

I slammed into her spasming vagina repeatedly as Rachel climaxed
noisily, bringing her into yet another orgasm. I wanted her to forever
remember that she had orgasmed while being raped by the man who
took her virginity. 

Her vagina walls clamped itself in a powerful milking action 
around my cockshaft as her body shook with its second or third orgasm, and
I could feel myself ready to cum again. Dislodging myself from her 
cunt, I climbed on top of her body. She had already gone weak 
from the multiple orgasms she had just experienced and  
obediently allowed me to dump my second cum-load into her waiting mouth. 

With my stiff cock in her mouth, I pulled off my mask as I 
spent myself. The recognition dawned on her face as she realised 
that she had met me at the restaurant even as she tasted the ejaculate 
in her mouth.

Pulling her head tightly against my tummy, my cock spurted generous amounts of thick
semen into the back of her throat. Unable to breathe as I held her head 
in position, Rachel had no choice but to swallow the cum flooding
her oral cavity. "Yes, drink it down Rachel, drink down my baby-juice," I said,
watching in satisfaction as she gulped it down, trying not to choke.

I pulled out, and Rachel quickly opened her mouth, 
and the remnants of my payload spilled out onto her chin and onto her
breasts. I wiped my spent cock on her cheek, making sure the video camera
captured the sexy aftermath.

---






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Avenger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





