BDSM Library - The Adventure of the Tight Lipped Orchid




The Adventure of the Tight Lipped Orchid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Madame Mystica holds a get together at the Castle on Duncan Island in the pacific. The strange happenings on the island are related in this story by Jane Holmes (nee Jane Watson), the sidekick (and wife) of Cheryl Holmes, the world famous detective.






The Adventure of the Tightlipped Orchid



By Akkano



Written by:



Jane Holmes (Nee Jane Watson)



Disclaimer



This story is a work of fiction and all the characters in this story are purely fictional (except the late great Isaac Asimov, whose name is used in a fictional setting).



Synopsis



Madame Mystica holds a get together at the Castle on Duncan Island in the pacific. The strange happenings on the island are related in this story by Jane Holmes (nee Jane Watson), the sidekick of Cheryl Holmes, the world famous detective.



________________







Here is another one of the baffling cases that I was involved in, along with my spouse, Cheryl Holmes. I did write about one case before (The Adventure of the Solitary Stockbroker, posted at www.fictionmania.com).



For those not familiar with me, I am Jane Holmes, married to my spouse Cheryl Holmes for some two years now. Since we live in Toronto, Canada, our marriage is perfectly legal. At the time of our marriage, I changed my name from Jane Watson to Jane Holmes.



Cheryl is a world famous detective and I have been her secretary and friend for more than twenty years (and of course, her spouse for the past two years). We have solved cases all over the world. We were not really involved in the case I am about to relate. If we had been involved, no doubt Cheryl would have brought the miscreants to justice (although what the justice would be in this case, I don't know).





Prolog:



We had just finished a case in England, UK involving the famous Liberty diamond. As a result of Cheryl's brilliant deductive work, a Lord and his underling were now looking at a prison sentence of 20 years or more. We had a standing invitation from our friend, Baroness Linda Fortescue to visit her at her vacation retreat in Grampian mountains in Scotland whenever we were in UK



Linda has been a good friend of ours for a long time. She got the Baroness title (strange as it may seem, a Baroness is not necessarily the wife of a Baron) for some brilliant research she did in medicine. She is extremely wealthy, having inherited her wealth from her uncle.



We were sitting in the living room of her mansion after an excellent dinner, savoring a cream liqueur and talking. It was only September, but the air was already chilly in the mountains. The mansion had central heating, of course. But it felt good to sit by the roaring fire. Linda was recounting some of her past escapades.



Linda has a kinky side to her, she is into S and M lifestyle. To me it is faintly repugnant. But I realize that my life style may be repugnant to some people, so I don't judge. Live and let live&nbsp; is my motto. Linda has a slave, called Melanie. Today Melanie was serving us as a maid. She had left the room after serving us the drinks.



"So as I understand it, Melanie is your slave voluntarily? How long has she been your slave?"



"It's not 'she', but 'he'. Technically he is still a man and I prefer it that way. As to her being my slave voluntarily, the answer is yes and no. We are good friends, so what I am about to tell you won't go beyond these walls, I can rely on complete discretion of the two of you, right?"



"Of course, Linda. You know us well enough." Cheryl replied.



I was astounded. "Surely Melanie is not a man. She is gorgeous, more beautiful and more feminine that many women I know. Why, she is more feminine than me."



Linda chuckled. "Melanie is a man only to the extent that she has a penis. Otherwise she is a dumb blond in every respect."



"Her previous name was George. He used to be an accounts executive for a multinational company. We met at a charity function. After a few weeks when I got to know him well, I realized that he had submissive tendencies, but he did not know it yet. On one of our dates, I took him to a hypnotist, a good friend of mine. She reinforced his submissive tendencies. She also planted a post hypnotic suggestion to visit her more often. I took him for several hypnotic sessions."



"Hypnosis cannot make a person do anything against his wishes, but it can reinforce the behavior that is already present. After a few months of hypnotic treatment he became submissive to me and I felt he was ready to be my slave. But I couldn't have an accounts executive as a slave, he had a brilliant mind, he was an independent thinker, used to taking initiative and altogether would have been too much trouble as a slave. So then..., but let me tell you the story in detail."



________________





Part. 1. The Conversion of George into Melanie



1.



"So Barbara dear, tell me more about this mental surgery. You say it can be used to make George into my permanent slave?"



"Certainly, Linda. I used it for my slave and the results are all I could hope for,&nbsp; beyond my expectations really. Have you heard of Psychohistory?"



"The word sounds familiar. Is it a medical term?"



"Well, yes, but you probably came across it if you read Isaac Asimov's The Foundation Trilogy."



"Oh, yes. Now I remember. I read that years ago. Very entertaining novels, but what has that got to do with turning George into my slave?"



"Well, it is not exactly all fiction. There is some truth to Psychohistory."



"You mean there are real Psychohistorians who rule the world unseen?"



"Well, nothing so dramatic. But a group of Psychologists did develop the science of Psychohistory a few decades ago. Do you&nbsp; think anybody really has such a fertile imagination that they could just dream up the concept of Psychohistory and use it in Fiction? Even Asimov was not that good, brilliant Science Fiction writer as he was."



"So how come nobody has heard of it before? They don't teach courses in Psychohistory at Universities, do they?"



"When Psychologists worked out the laws and details of Psychohistory, they started thinking about its implications and their leader, Hari Seldon got scared, very scared. Can you imagine the potential for misuse, if a person can control the behavior of another person just by thinking at him? It will be easy for a world dictator to control the entire population of the world. The whole world would be his slave, would know it and what's more will be happy about it, so there won't be any question of a rebellion. That would easily mark the end of human race, the entire population of the world would be turned into zombies, mindless robots who would do the bidding of an unscrupulous dictator."



"The potential for harm was enormous, so the Psychologists decided not to reveal the science of Psychohistory to the world. They sealed the knowledge off forever. How Asimov got hold of it I don't know. However, he also must have realized the potential for harm. So he turned it into a work of fiction.



"This is all very interesting, but if the science of Psychohistory does not exist, how does it help us?"



"Well, there is one practitioner of Psychohistory in the world. She is the keeper of the knowledge. Very few people know of her existence. After she got her Ph.D. in Psychology, she read the papers put forward by the Seldon Convention. It interested her very much so she learned all she could about Psychohistory. She practices Psychohistory very rarely, only as a favor for someone she knows very well."



"Her name is Dr. Bayta Darell. I know her very well and have talked to her about you. She is willing to talk to you and then decide whether she will help you."



"Bayta Darell, that name also sounds familiar."



"It should, if you have read The Foundation Trilogy. She is a character in one of the stories. When Asimov wrote the stories, she was a toddler. Now she is an elderly woman."



"I suppose it won't hurt to talk to her. Exactly how will she turn George into my slave?"



"I will let her explain it to you."



2. 



Next day Barbara drove Linda to Dr. Darell's house. Linda expected that Dr. Darell would be living in the country in an isolated place, and would be something of a recluse. She was surprised when after several hours of driving, they came to a mid sized city and pulled up to a terrace house (or a town house in North America).



"Dr. Darell lives right in the middle of everybody, isn't she afraid that she may be discovered? I would think she wouldn't want to advertise her whereabouts."



"She is a Psychohistorian, remember? If somebody discovers her true identity, she can always mentally change that person and make him or her totally loyal to Dr. Darell, so that he or she won't reveal Dr. Darell's whereabouts even under torture. Or she could just wipe that bit of memory clean so that the person doesn't know who she really is."



"Come in, Barbara, Come in." Dr. Bayta Darell greeted Barbara effusively.



"And you must be Linda." Linda was staring at Bayta openmouthed.



"Yes, I must. I mean, I am Linda." She replied accepting Bayta's hand.



"Excellent. Just call me Bayta. Let us repair to the living room where we can talk. Can I offer you anything, a soda perhaps?"



Soon they settled down in the living room. Linda said "I am sorry, Dr. Darell, I mean Bayta. You are not what I expected you to be."



"Oh, and what did you expect me to be?"



"I don't know, but I didn't expect a sweet, charming old lady who looks like somebody's grandmother. Looking at you, it is difficult to imagine that if you so wished, you could easily conquer the world and rule it."



"As a matter of fact, I am somebody's grandmother. And, yes. I could conquer and rule the world, like The Mule did in one of Isaac's Foundation stories. But I don't have the slightest inclination for doing so. That is a prerequisite for being the keeper of the knowledge, I was chosen carefully by my predecessor. I am quite happy where I am. Now let us get on with it, I have to attend a senior citizen's bingo in an hour. But first I am going to decide if I will help you."



"If it is a question of money..." Linda started.



"It is not a question of money, though my fees are exorbitant. I don't really need the money. I have more than enough to satisfy my modest wants and needs. I want to make sure you are the right kind of individual."



"All right, ask me anything you need to know."



"It doesn't work that way, I don't need to ask you anything. You forget I am a Psychohistorian. I will probe your mind and find out all I need to know." 



When she saw the look of consternation on Linda's face, she continued with a slight smile, "Don't worry, I cannot read thoughts, I am not a telepath. I can read only emotions. But I must be satisfied with your emotional make up." She brought her chair close to Linda's.



"OK, so what do I have to do?"



"Nothing, just sit in the chair. You may close your eyes if you wish. The process will take about five minutes. It may possibly tingle a bit, but it won't be painful." 



She focussed her sharp eyes on Linda's face. After a while Linda found it difficult to keep staring at Bayta's penetrating gaze and she closed her eyes.



"It's OK, you may open your eyes now. It is over."



Linda opened her eyes and an involuntary shudder passed through her.



"Are you OK? How do you feel?"



"I am fine, Bayta, I just feel drained, weak."



"Well, don't worry about it, that is normal. Here, have this milk shake I have prepared for you. Or would you prefer a brandy?"



Linda greedily took a gulp of the milk shake, it felt good.



"I think I may be able to help you. Let us talk. Exactly what do you want to do with this George?"



"I want him to be my slave, obey my every command without question."



"I understand he is a brilliant accountant, do you want to keep his intelligence, his accounting skills?"



"Can he do that and still be my slave?" Linda was intrigued.



"Yes, it can be done, but it won't be easy for him."



"In what way?"



"Whatever you say will be gospel truth to him. If you say something to him that happens to be untrue (to take an extreme example, let us say you say to him that bankruptcy is good, it is desirable, it is better than making a profit), he will take that as the truth. However, since his intellect is still sharp, he will try to mold his accounting knowledge around that one untruth. He won't be able to do it and that will make him miserable. Of course he won't question what you said and that is where the problem comes."



"And if you suppress his intellect, make him into a bimbo?"



"In that case, he will still accept what you say as the gospel truth, but he won't try to think for himself and extrapolate from that untruth, his mind won't be sharp enough to do that Plus he would have forgotten most of his accounting knowledge anyway."



"May I interrupt, Bayta? Linda, there is another alternative. Bayta can suppress his intellect in such a way that the process is reversible. Isn't that so, Bayta?"



"That is correct. I can turn him into a bimbo with limited IQ and give you a password. When you use the password, he will regain his former intellect, and all his accounting knowledge. Then when you use another password, he will become a bimbo again. But all along, he will be totally loyal to you and obey you. There may be some advantage in having a brilliant, analytical mind that is nevertheless slavishly loyal to you."



"You are lucky, Linda. My slave was an out of work actor when I found him. Bayta has kept his talent, such as it is, intact. Bayta will charge extra for that but I think for you, it may be worth it. I am not wealthy like you, I have to work for my living. But I still paid for the reversible treatment."



"That sounds like a good idea. I have seen your slave, he is always dressed up as a woman. So is your slave also a transvestite?"



"He is transgender. And he wasn't when I met him. But Bayta converted him into a TG."



"Can you do that, Bayta?" Linda was surprised.



Bayta laughed. "When I enter the brain, I can do pretty much anything I want. I can turn him into trangender, transvestite, cross dresser, homosexual, whatever you want. To me it is just the question of pressing appropriate switches in the brain. Psychohistory is a very powerful tool, that is why the potential for misuse is very high."



"OK, let us give him transgender tendencies. I don't know if I will turn him into a complete woman, but I will transition him at least part of the way."



"You can transition him without giving him TG tendencies. He will obey you unquestioningly, remember? But if you order him to do what he wants to do, he will be happier. So I will make him TG. What IQ would you prefer?"



"Let us make it a little below average, say between 95 and 100. That will be a big change for him. Currently he must be above 130."



"So let us recap. Make him totally loyal to you, so that he will obey your every command and be happy while doing it, give him TG tendencies and reduce his IQ to 95. Anything else?"



"Give him a short attention span, I want to turn him into a ditzy blond airhead. Can you make him an expert in make up and dressing as a woman?"



"Sorry, I can't impart any skills or knowledge to him, you will have to do that. The short attention span is no problem. Now about my fee, half is payable right now. I take credit cards."



When the transaction was concluded, Bayta said "Bring this George here a week from now. Before you leave, I must do one thing. I must change your mental state by psychological conditioning so that you become completely loyal to me."



Linda was astounded. "Hey now, wait a minute. That was never agreed upon."



"My dear, I don't need your agreement. I can easily condition you so that you will give your life in order to remain loyal to me. But relax. Your loyalty will extend to me only to the extent that you won't reveal to anybody who I am or where I live. Other than that, you won't owe me anything."



"Then it's all right, I suppose." The conditioning took but an instant.



"There, now no amount of torture or any inducement will make you reveal my name or where I live. Now, if you ladies will excuse me, it is time for my bingo."



3. 



In a week's time, Linda had George hypnotized and brought him over to Dr. Darell's house. George was still in a trance. Barbara and Linda helped him walk into the house. Bayta indicated the room next to the living room.



 "Bring him in here, ladies. I usually use this room for surgery. First, let me check his vital signs and make sure he is in a fit condition for mental surgery. It can be quite draining, as you found out last time. I also have to get his electroencephalograph."



"Everything looks OK. Before I begin, I need the rest of the payment."



As they were completing the transaction, Linda asked "How long will it take?"



"Well, there is a lot of work to be done. I would say about an hour. You may wait in the living room. There are magazines, or feel free to watch some TV. If you are hungry, help yourself to whatever you find in my kitchen."



An hour later, Bayta emerged from the room. Her brow was covered with sweat.



"George is sleeping. When he wakes up, you may take him home. Now I am going to lie down for a while. Excuse me."



"But was it success? Is he now my slave?"



"Of course, dear. He wants to be your slave. Any time he disobeys you, it will make him physically ill. He will want to please you, to obey you. Barbara will tell you the rest. Now I really must lie down. I am not as young as I used to be. You ladies can see yourself out, the door locks behind you." She yawned as she went upstairs to her bedroom.



Linda went into the room and sat besides George's pillow. In about half an hour, George opened his eyes. "Hello, Linda. What I am doing here?"



"Oh, nothing. How do you feel, George?" She asked looking at him intently for any signs of change.



"Oh, I feel fine, just a bit tired. Why? Where am I, by the way?"



"Let us go into the other room. There I will explain everything."



They came out and joined Barbara. 



"Barbara, I don't see any difference."



"What did you expect, was he going to spout horns or boobs or something? But I am sure he is now totally loyal to you. Go on, ask him to do anything."



"But first please, tell me where I am and what I am doing here." George put in.



"Well", Linda began uncomfortably. "It's a long story. You see...."



"Linda, you don't owe him any explanations, remember?"



"Oh, yeah. Well, George dear you don't need to know where you are and what are you doing here. I say everything is OK. Is that clear?"



"Why, sure Linda." 



"Good. Now George, crawl to me on arms and legs and kiss my feet."



George promptly approached her on his hands and knees and planted wet, slobbering kisses on both her feet.



"Don't slobber so much. Yech. Lick up your slobber now."



"Oh, I am sorry, Linda. I didn't mean to displease you. Please forgive me." George licked her feet clean.



"Now, George, I am going to turn you into a blond bimbo, your IQ has already dropped several decades. We need to properly feminize you. Your new name will be Melanie. Is that clear?"



"Why, certainly, Linda" George said as if it was the most natural thing in the world.



During the drive back, Barbara said "Linda, when Bayta operated on Melanie here, she has arranged so that Melanie will lose the memory of this incident completely in a few days, like she did to my slave. In the case of a slave, it is better than making the slave loyal to Bayta, we don't want the slave to have divided loyalties. Anyway, in a few days she will have forgotten about the whole incident."

_________________



Prolog continued:



"And there you have it, ladies. After that, feminizing him was a snap. He was only too anxious to cooperate, to obey and please me. I put her on hormone treatment and sent her for a crash course on how to behave like a lady, how to be a proper maid. I haven't got breast implants for her yet, but it is planned. She is up to size B now, but I want at least a size DD for her and I am told that can't be achieved by hormone treatment alone. But she still has a penis and I am going to keep it that way."



"How does she feel about feminization? Is she happy about it?" I asked.



"She is very happy about it. She does not have a will of her own. Whatever makes me happy, makes her happy. Melanie?" Linda rang the bell besides her.



Melanie was dressed as a French maid for the evening. She came in and curtsied.



"Yes, ma'am?"



"Get us some coffee, please."



"At once, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am." She again curtsied and left.



"I still can't believe that she is happy. She used to be a high powered accounts executive, didn't she?" I asked.



"For your information, she is in her twenties, (ten years younger than me, by the way) and was already drawing a six figure salary, she was destined for big things. But Dr. Darell's mental surgery was very effective. Now she has forgotten most of her accounting education, she cannot think for herself (since her attention span&nbsp; is so short), I have to do her thinking for her. I really do believe if I asked her to make a decision on her own she will be miserable. She will do it, of course, because obeying me makes her happy, but she won't like it. Not that she will say anything to me."



"Have you ever brought back the old accounts executive?" I asked.



"She has been my slave for about two years now. I did bring her back just once, to see how it worked out. I asked her to look over the tax return that my regular accountant had prepared for me."



"I must say I was somewhat apprehensive. I hired a bodyguard for the evening, just in case. But whether an accounts executive or a blond bimbo, all her emotions are smothered in a thick, heavy blanket of loyalty, adoration towards me. That is more effective in binding her to me, keeping her subservient than any chains, whips or dungeons would be."



"All the same, I was surprised. When I brought back the accounts executive, she still remembered her life as a blond bimbo. She knew that I did it to her. But it made no difference, she behaved as if it was the most natural thing in the world, her feelings towards me did not change one bit when she was accounts executive again. When I used the other password, she was a blond bimbo again. She remembered her being an accountant."



"And yes, she did find a fault with my tax returns and managed to save me some money. Her intellect only lies dormant, it is never destroyed."



"In a way, it is a good thing. If I ever get bored with her some day, I can bring back the accounts executive, give her some money and send her on her way, she will do all right as an accountant."



"So other than that one time she has been a blond airhead for the past two years?"



"Well, yes. She serves as my maid, serves me in bed, runs errands for me, works as my secretary, checks my E mail etc. Basically she does whatever I tell her to do. She cannot do anything that requires the use of brain, of course, but she can carry out my orders quite well. You know I do medical research, just as a hobby, I don't need the money. But I managed to get her a job as my assistant, she is always by my side. It is working out very well."



"And would you really whip her if she disobeys you?" I asked incredulously.



"Disobeying me is not an option for her, it will make her physically ill, so I have never whipped her for disobedience. However, I spank her and whip her from time to time, because I enjoy the BDSM lifestyle. And so of course, does she."



"Now that I think about it, I did remove her conditioning once more. There was the strange incidence with an Orchid. Actually Cheryl, you are a detective, this may be just up your alley. We visited a Madam Mystica on her island getaway last year. When we came back, I removed Melanie's conditioning and asked her to record the strange happenings on the island. I am sure you will find it fascinating." She said as she started printing stuff from her computer.



"The incidence, in addition to being very unusual, is also a bit of a mystery. Let us see if you can solve it. Here you go." She handed the printout to Cheryl. "Go ahead and read it and tell me if you can find the solution. It will take you a couple of hours to do it. I can keep myself amused for two hours. Melanie?" She called out.



"Yes. Ma'am?" Melanie curtsied.



"Get our guests more coffee. And it is time to nurse on my pussy, honey. I need some pussy worship and ass worship. Let us go to my bedroom suite." Off they went, after Melanie served us more coffee.



I looked at Cheryl hungrily. "Dear, what do you say we forget the manuscript and we also indulge in some pussy worship and ass worship?"



However, Cheryl was deep into the narrative already. She looked up absent mindedly and peered at me over her reading glasses.



"Eh, what? No, I don't want any coffee, thanks, darling."&nbsp; She said, taking a sip of her coffee. She went back to reading. With a sigh of exasperation, I sat down on the sofa next to her, cuddled up to her and started reading the manuscript over her shoulder.



Part 2.&nbsp; The Tightlipped Orchid



1.



My mistress has ordered me to write down the narrative of the strange happenings on Duncan Island, as it is known by the natives who live nearby.



I was filled with anticipation and apprehension when my Mistress told me that we will be visiting the Castle of Madam Mystica. She is a fabulously wealthy Domme who has these get togethers every year. Apparently it is considered quite an honor to be invited to one of them. Mistress Linda told me that she had known Madam Mystica for a while and they had cultivated a friendship over the years. However, this was the first time that the Mistress was invited. When she told me this, I bristled at the injustice of it.



"She should have invited you before this, Mistress." I pouted (I wouldn't even dream of pouting in my current state of mind, but when I am a dumb blond, it comes naturally).



"Well, honey, Madam Mystica follows her own set of rules. Evidently until now she did not consider me worthy enough to be invited. Anyway, don't let her hear you talk like this when we get to Duncan Island. Over there a slave may not speak unless spoken to. I give you too much freedom."



"Thank you, Mistress and I appreciate it. I will certainly remember my manners when we visit there."



Duncan Island is a tiny island in the pacific. It only has the castle on it. The castle and the island belong to Madam Mystica. We flew from San Francisco to Tokyo. Clearing the Customs in a foreign country is a trying experience for me. My passport still has my picture as a man, so I have to dress as a man for the flight, something which I totally dislike. However, Mistress tells me it is necessary, so of course, I had to do it. From Tokyo we took bullet train to a remote village in Japan and a commuter plane, (specially arranged by Madam Mystica for the occasion) to the tiny island nation of Phoenecia. Duncan Island nominally falls under the jurisdiction of Phoenecia. However, it is 200 miles from Phoenecia and Madam Mystica had arranged a special boat to take us to Duncan Island.



When we landed in Phoenecia and cleared the customs, a native approached us and addressed the Mistress. "Excuse me, ma'am" he said in perfect English "I am supposed to pick up Mistress Linda and a slave. Are you Mistress Linda?"



"Yes, and this&nbsp; is my slave. Let us go."



As we approached the motor boat, another man approached us. "Excuse me, ma'am, I have a delivery for Linda Fortescue. Sign here please."



As Mistress signed for the delivery, she said "That's good. My order has been delivered." When we were on the way, she explained to me.



"Melanie, usually Mystica charges an admission fee for these get togethers. However, she was kind enough to waive the fee in my case. So I decided to buy a decoration for the occasion. I ordered five Orchids, which will be the centre piece. They did not come cheap, but they are very beautiful orchids, you will see when we get there."



Then she noticed my obvious discomfort said to me, "I am sorry, dear (my Mistress says 'sorry' to me, how noble is that?), I am sure you want to put on some proper clothes. Here is the bag of clothes and cosmetics I asked you to pack just for this occasion. Go to the washroom and get dressed properly as a lady should."



We were on a tropical island and Mistress was dressed for comfort, in sweatshirt and shorts. However, I always like to be in a dress, I do not care much for mannish clothes.



I took my time in getting dressed and putting on the make up. When I finally emerged from the washroom, Mistress gave a wolf whistle.



"You look good enough to eat, my dear. Come here."



She stood on the kissing stool,&nbsp; took me in her arms, lifted my chin with her hand and pressed her lips against mine. We have a kissing stool. Unfortunately, even though Mistress is a tall woman, she is a little shorter than me. Mistress tells me that she will correct this defect in me by surgery and I hope she does it soon. Until then, we have to make do with the kissing stool. When she stands on the kissing stool, she towers over me, even in my high heels. I gave a sigh of contentment and relaxed in her arms. I stood on tip toes, put my arms around her neck and parted my lips.



Her thick tongue snaked into my mouth and she started to explore my mouth with her tongue. Her tongue started to roam in my mouth. I could feel her tongue come into contact with my teeth, my tongue and inside of my cheeks. I started sucking on her tongue. She began transferring her saliva into my mouth. This is the part I liked best, what better way for a Mistress to let her slave know that she is pleased with her slave, than to share herself with her slave? The kiss was delicious and lasted a long time.



When Mistress finally broke the kiss, I noticed that the first mate was staring at us. I blushed, swallowed and quickly ran into the washroom to fix my lipstick again. When I came out, Mistress was wiping her lips with a tissue to get rid of the lipstick.



The first mate was still staring at me with a smile on his lips. I became scared and melted into Mistress' arms. "Please, Mistress, I am scared. Look at that man staring at us."



Mistress lifted my face by putting her hand under my chin and kissed me lightly on the lips. With her lips still fixed to mine, she whispered into my mouth "Don't be scared, bunnikins. The natives here are used to the unusual goings on the island. They don't mind, the island is a source of jobs and revenue to them. I could spank or whip you right in front of them and they will be OK with that." This put my mind at ease.



"Oh, dear. I have messed up your lipstick again. I really should get lipstick permanently tattooed on your lips, that will save a lot of trouble." I blushed again, as the first mate was still staring at me.



"Mistress, what if he makes a pass at me?" I asked her.



"Don't worry, since he has seen us together, he knows you belong to me. But if he makes a pass at you, let me know and I will deal with him."



However, the rest of the trip was uneventful and eventually we reached Duncan island. We were greeted by Madam Mystica herself. She was a tall, formidable figure, taller and stouter than the Mistress. She embraced Mistress effusively.



"Linda, it is good to see you again. Welcome to Duncan Island. Dinner is in one hour and we dress for dinner. How your slave dresses is, of course, up to you, a slave may even be naked if you so wish. Why don't you go upstairs and freshen up? Your bags will be up shortly."



"The orchids I ordered also came with us. Please have the servants set them up, the instructions come with the orchids. Tell them to arrange orchids in a regular pentagon, they will look nice that way. I will see you in a while."



"Wait. Before you go, take this. Attach it to your slave somewhere." She handed Mistress a large circular tag, with letter 'S' on it. Under letter 'S' was written 'Mistress Linda' in small letters.



"And this one is for you." She gave the Mistress her name tag. "And also this." She gave Mistress a paddle.



"'S', of course stands for 'slave'. But why the paddle? I have got many canes, paddles and whips for correction." My Mistress remarked.



"Slave or sub. Not all of them are total slaves, some are subs who live on their own, hold down jobs, but who indulge in BDSM lifestyle when they can manage it. As to the paddle, it is a regulation paddle, given to all the Doms. A Dom is permitted to punish any slave for insubordination or any other offense. But the punishment may be a maximum of six strokes, either by hand or by this paddle. Then Dom must give a report to the appropriate Master or Mistress within twenty four hours. That is to cut down on abuse by Doms of slaves not belonging to them. So keep the paddle with you always, while you are staying here."



"Thanks. Come on, Melanie, let us go."



Upstairs I helped Mistress take a bath and dress for dinner. She looked gorgeous, a vision of loveliness in her strapless dinner gown and I again counted my blessings (not for the first or the last time) that she was my mistress and I was her slave.



She decided that my dress looked good enough and I did not need to change. "After all, we don't want the slave to look more beautiful than the Mistress, do we?" She teased me.



"Really Mistress. Please don't talk like that even in fun. There is no way I am going to look better than you, no way, no matter how I dress. You are easily the most beautiful woman in the world." I was close to tears.



"Well perhaps you are right, my dear. It is nice of you to say so, anyway. Let us go."



Dinner was in a big hall in the basement. When we reached it, I saw that Madam Mystica's servants had set up the orchids in a glass case, with open top. There were five orchids and they were arranged in a regular pentagon. Each had a beautiful flower, pink, yellow and blue in color. People were gathered around it. Some of them were peering in from the top.



Mistress took charge of the situation. "Please, could I have everybody's attention please?" She said.



"I bought these orchids as a center piece for our little gathering. These orchids are a variant of orchid class Physalis alkekengi L. There is a unique feature to these orchids. If you will kindly make room for me, I will show you."



The crowd parted to let her pass. She went to the tank and pointed to a jar besides the tank, which contained small pellets.



"This is food for orchids. Now watch."



She took a few pellets from the jar and held her hand on the top of the tank. There were several gasps as long, pink tongue like tendrils telescoped out of the orchids. The five tongues met in the middle around Mistress' palm. Each tendril retrieved a pellet and disappeared into the orchid again.



"Could we feed the orchids?" Somebody asked.



"Go right ahead. If they are not hungry, they won't respond. In any case, the tendrils won't hurt your hand, they are not strong enough. They do snatch the food with quite a bit of force though."



We went on to the dining hall. There were two couples to a table. We shared our table with a&nbsp; Mistress Dawn. She was a short, full figured woman in her forties and her slave was a tall, willowy, gorgeous blond in her twenties. She was wearing a skimpy dress and her backside was totally exposed, showing red, angry welts. She looked like she had been crying, but her make up was not at all smudged. I wondered about that.



There were two chairs at the normal level and two chairs were sunk into the floor. Those were obviously meant for the slaves. Even though both the slaves were taller than the mistresses, they both had to look up to the mistresses. While other tables had four chairs each, our table had an extra chair and a woman was sitting in it. Her tag only said 'S'. Without the name of Master or Mistress on it. The two Mistresses ignored her completely and so of course, did the slaves.



"Well, looks like somebody has been a naughty slave." My Mistress remarked as we sat down. The slave winced as she sat down, but did not say anything.



"Really, she is nothing but trouble" Mistress Dawn grumbled, buttering her roll. "You would think a slave would know the difference between rose scented bath gel and lilac scented bath gel, but no, she is too dumb to tell them apart. Here, smell this." She extended her short, thick forearm to my Mistress, who sniffed at it.



"Rose." Mistress gave her verdict.



"Right. I tanned her hide properly for her mistake. Does your slave fuck up like that? She looks like a cute, submissive filly." Mistress Dawn pinched my cheek hard with her thumb and forefinger and I blushed and wiped the butter off my face with the napkin.



It's not a 'she' but a 'he'. He is transgender and her name is Melanie. And no, I rarely have to punish her, she is always eager, desperate to please me."



"Maybe I should get me a she male, she males are more submissive. Girls are too much trouble. By the way, her name is Debbie."



Here Debbie spoke up. "Please, mom. I am sorry. It won't happen again, I will be a good girl." She looked up imploringly at her Mistress.



"Well, you better shape up, girl, or we are through."



"Yes, I will, mom. I am sorry."



"She is not really your daughter, is she?" Mistress inquired.



"Oh, no, although I am old enough to be her mother. I just like her to call me mom. But she needs to be spanked just like a little girl by her mommy."



At this point, the other woman who had hitherto been silent spoke up.



"Lucky you." She said to Debbie.



We all really looked at her for the first time. She was very beautiful, about the same age as my Mistress. She was not as beautiful as my Mistress, of course, but I know I am biased in that respect. She was wearing a very elegant shimmering green dress. But what caught the eye was the necklace she was wearing. It was a diamond and ruby necklace and it had a huge diamond in the center. The diamond sat neatly nestled in her ample cleavage. She looked a vision of loveliness, she looked almost regal.



Unfortunately, the 'S' tag she was wearing trumped all. I was reminded of the 'A' tag that the adulteress had to wear in Nathaniel Hawthorne's 'The Scarlet Letter".



"Really, such impertinence. Go get your Master, you pathetic slave." Mistress Dawn ordered.



"You see, ma'am, it is like this..."



"Such an insolent slave. She needs a major attitude adjustment. Can't understand a simple order." Dawn produced her regulation paddle. 



"Drop your panties and get on my lap." She said to the woman, tapping the paddle on her small, chubby palm.



"Well, you see.."



"DROP'EM, this instant. I have had just enough&nbsp; bullshit out of you." Dawn screamed at her. She grabbed her by her arm and flipped her over expertly so that she fell into her lap on her stomach. Mistress Dawn raised her dress, pulled her panties down and in quick succssion gave her six sharp, savage strokes with her paddle. It was clear that Mistress Dawn could spank very hard, much harder than my Mistress spanks me. Six angry welts appeared on her buttocks.



Mistress Dawn threw the woman down on the floor.



"Now go get your master." She snapped at her.



"But I am not a slave or a sub. I have been trying to tell you that for a while." She whined between sobs and sniffles as she took her seat again, wincing as she did so.



Mistress Dawn's demeanor underwent instant change. She put her hand on the woman's arm and said



"Oh, I am sorry, my dear. I didn't mean to hurt you. Please forgive me. But why are you wearing the sub tag? That threw me off."



"It's quite all right, Mistress Dawn, there is no need to apologize. I quite enjoyed it." She said, wiping her eyes.



"My name is Heather. I am a sub and I would like to hook up with a Domme. Madam Mystica was kind enough to invite me for this gathering so that I may be able to find a Domme here. That is why I am wearing the sub tag, but without the name of a Master or a Mistress, because I don't have one.



"Well, I am sorry I spanked you dear, but if you insist on wearing a sub tag, you must be prepared to be treated like a slave."



"That's quite all right, Mistress Dawn, please don't give it another thought."



At this point, a man, evidently a Master stopped at our table. He was of medium height and not very big, but the aura of confidence, dominance around him was strong. He was dressed in a tuxedo. He looked like he was born to lead and dominate. He was leading his slave, a beautiful redhead, on a leash.



"Hello, girlie, I saw your performance from a distance. Quite a squealer, aren't you?" He said to Heather.



"What do you want?" Heather asked coldly.



"I understand you are looking for a Master, you want to be a slave. Well, your search is over, sweetcheeks, you are looking at the perfect Master. I will be happy to have you as my slave. I already have a slave, I have brought her with me here, but I could use another one. Why don't you move into my room after dinner and we will take it up from there. Oh, I am Master Raymond." He introduced himself to the table at large.



"Sir, you are laboring under misapprehensions. First, I want to be a sub and not a slave, I don't want to make a full time commitment."



"That's OK by me, honey. You can be my sub. I am sure after you have been my sub for a while, you will positively beg me to take you on as my slave. Just ask my slave here." He gave a tug on the leash and his slave yelped.



"Second," she went on, ignoring him "I am looking for a Mistress and not a Master. I couldn't be a slave or a sub to you, under any circumstances."



"You are saying that because you haven't experienced the bliss of being my sub. I am not a tall or a big man, but why don't you sample my foot long before you decide? How about after dinner? You can have dessert in my room."



"Sir, will you please leave?"



"OK, OK. I didn't come here to fight. But let me know if you change your mind. I am looking for only one more slave and I won't be in the market for long." Master Raymond departed from our table.



"What an odious man." Heather sniffed.



"If you are in the market for a Dom, why did you turn him down? You could have given him a try, you know. There are many more subs than Doms and usually it is difficult to find a Master or a Mistress." My Mistress said.



"Well, I don't think I could be subservient to a man. Instead of having a Master, I would rather live alone." She looked speculatively at Mistress Dawn. "You on the other hand, pack a mean wallop. How about...."?



Debbie suddenly became agitated. "Please, mom. I will be a good girl, I promise. Please don't...."



However, Mistress Dawn did not let her finish. She squeezed Debbie's cheeks with her short, stubby fingers hard so that her lips formed an O, effectively ending her speech.



"Did I ask you, bitch? Always yapping, flapping that sewer of a&nbsp; mouth non stop. And how dare you interrupt a non sub? You are in big trouble, young lady. Now shut your trap before you get into more trouble." Still holding her mouth open, she bent over and spat in Debbie's mouth generously, her thick, foamy, slimy saliva slowly descending into Debbies mouth and landing on her tongue.



When she let go of her face, Debbie swallowed, rubbed her cheeks and let out a sob. However, Mistress Dawn was unmoved.



"There she goes, bawling, sniveling again. A good thing I had permanent make up tattooed on her face, otherwise she will be fixing her makeup every other minute."



"Now Heather, I am flattered. However, I love Debbie dearly" here she kissed Debbie softly on her forehead. Debbie simpered and sidled up to her, burying her face in Mistress Dawn's ample bosom. Mistress Dawn put her arm protectively around Debbie.



"I have no intention of breaking off with her, in spite of the pain in the ass that she can be sometimes. And she is all the slave I can handle, I can't handle two slaves. So thanks, but no thanks."



"Thank you, mommy." Debbie said indistinctly between sniffles, her face still buried in Mistress Dawn's bosom. Mistress Dawn lifted Debbie's chin with her fingers.



"And I will deal with you later in our room, young lady. I swear sometimes she aggravates me just so I would punish her, she is a glutton for punishment. Well, we will see. Perhaps it is time we revisited the nipple clamps." Mistress Dawn said, looking down at her. When she mentioned nipple clamps, Debbie positively blanched, but managed to keep her mouth shut.



Heather looked at my Mistress. "How about you, Mistress Linda, are you in market for a sub?"



I was overcome with jealousy. I looked at the Mistress apprehensively, would she take on another slave? I fervently hoped not, but I did not make the same mistake as Debbie and kept my mouth shut. I did, however, look at my Mistress imploringly.



"Dear, if you keep on pestering the Dommes about being their sub, you will alienate both the Dommes and their subs. My advice to you is, talk to the Dommes, find out who are in the market for a slave or a sub and then sound them out. Go about it gently, indirectly, rather than using a sledge hammer. And to answer your question, no, I don't want another slave. It was good of you to ask, though."



Finally the long day came to an end, we were both tired. Madam Mystica announced the start of an orgy in the bondage room, but I was relieved when the Mistress decided to forego it and retire to our room.



When we got ready for the bed, Mistress asked me to sleep with my face in her pussy. I started licking her to orgasm. I decided to make it a quick one (since she did not say anything otherwise). As soon as she climaxed, she fell asleep. I slowly licked her frothy discharge from her pussy and from my lips. I licked her pussy hair dry. At that time, I noticed a metallic smell to her pussy. Being half asleep, I still vaguely realized what that meant. Then I also fell asleep.







2. 



Because of the hard day and the jet lag, both of us slept until very late. Mistress was the first wake up and she woke me with a swift kick in my back. I woke up and started licking her pussy. I very well knew our usual morning ritual.



However, as I had smelled her the previous night, My Mistress had started menstruating. I could smell the strong smell of blood and her menstrual fluids. As I started licking her, I tasted blood.



Licking a menstruating woman to climax is in general not a pleasant experience and a man can do it under only two circumstances. One is when he is beaten into submission and trained to do so. Other is when he adores, worships the woman and is intimidated by her. I, of course, worshiped my Mistress. Even so, when she ordered me to lick her while menstruating, initially I used to get sick. I remember the very first time after bringing her to climax, I went to washroom and threw up. When my Mistress noticed it, she gave me a proper whipping for it.



At that time, I had just become her slave (how I became her slave is not quite clear to me, one day all of a sudden I was her slave, Mistress says I was 'converted', I don't know what that means) and I was still learning. Subsequently in that menstruation cycle, sheer will power got me through. I used to become nauseous, but luckily I did not throw up.



I was really ashamed of myself. I worship the Mistress, to me she really is a Goddess, then why should I find her menses repulsive to smell and taste? I&nbsp; started mentally conditioning myself. For the next month, I constantly kept thinking how gorgeous, divine she was, how good she was to me. Her body was a shrine to me and anything coming out of that body must be holy, a sacrament as far as I was concerned.



I trained myself mentally and next month I did not have any problem. Mistress herself was proud of me. Now, of course, I find her menses quite attractive to smell and taste and every month, I look forward to the treat.



I eagerly lapped up her fluids, enjoying the bloody taste mixed with her normal pussy juices. Soon she climaxed, flooding my mouth with warm, frothy, pink colored juices. I lapped everything up. Because she had started bleeding during the night, everything was a bit messy down there. Some of her juices has flowed down to her asshole.



First I licked her thighs clean, then started on her buttocks. Starting with her pussy, I worked my way to the crack of her ass. I licked the crack of her ass and then concentrated on her asshole. The usual pungent smell of her asshole was mixed with bloody smell and the taste was quite appealing. It took a while, but eventually I got her clean. Then I inserted my long, talented tongue into her asshole and gave her asshole a good reaming on the inside. When I was finished, I blew on her asshole to dry it and then planted a small kiss. I looked up at her.



However, she was not satisfied. "Now I want one more orgasm and this time, make it last for half an hour." She ordered me.



I am not bragging, but by now I have become an expert in Mistress' orgasms. I know exactly where to lick to speed things up, how to slow things down, vary the intensity of orgasm etc. I can bring her off in two minutes or an hour, whatever she wishes. She wanted half an hour so I started off slowly.



Just as I was about to put her over the top, her cellular phone rang. Even though my face was buried in her heavenly snatch, I could indistinctly hear what she was saying. But I had a problem. Should I bring her off while she was talking (half an hour was almost up) or should I delay until she had finished her phone call? Finally I decided to delay orgasm until after her phone call.



"Hello?"..."Yes, this is Mistress Linda"..."Oh, how are you, Master Raymond?"... "Well, I am still in bed, I woke up a while ago. My slave is servicing me, don't be surprised if you hear me moan as we talk."...."Yes, the orchids belong to me, what of it?"..."I don't know if I want to sell."..."How much?"..."You realize, of course that they are worth a lot less than that? Why do you want to buy them anyway?"..."Yes, of course, that is your business."... "Well for that kind of money, you have a deal."



"Ohhh, that is it, baby, gently nibble on my clit." As if I needed to be told what to do. I have been bringing her to climax for a long time now and I like to think I know a thing or two about how to bring my Mistress off.



In just a few minutes she had an earth shattering orgasm. It went on and on, for a long time. Finally she lay back on the bed, totally spent. She was now covered with sweat, in spite of the chilly weather. But I was not finished yet. I started to lick her bloody pussy to clean it. Once I clean her, no doubt she will wash up and put on a pad.



While I was lapping up her juices, there was a loud knock on the door. We looked at each other in alarm. The knocking continued, it was as if somebody was trying to break down the door.



"What the hell?" Mistress got up and opened the door. She already had her robe on, she slept in it. I was lying on the bed naked. If Mistress did not care that I was naked, why should I? It was Heather at the door. My Mistress was not pleased.



"Linda, I would like to buy your orchids from you." Heather said without any preamble.



Now my Mistress was really pissed off. "What the hell do you mean knocking on my door like that? I am entitled to some privacy. If you wanted to talk to me, you could have waited until I came down, or called me on my cell."



I was angry at Heather as well. We had not completed our morning ritual. I was not finished cleaning her pussy. I was looking forward to my golden nectar, my breakfast drink, which Mistress always gave me before going to wash up.



Heather was apologetic. "I am sorry, Linda. I did not know your cell number and believe me, it is an emergency, otherwise I wouldn't have disturbed you. May I please buy the orchids from you? I will pay twice what you paid for it."



"What is it with my orchids? Do they spout gold blossoms that I am not aware of? And you are too late. Master Raymond already bought them from me, he paid me four times what they are worth. What is it about anyway?"



But Heather did not answer. "Oh, no. Not that asshole. I must talk to him." She practically ran downstairs.



"Bitch." Mistress exploded as she returned to the bed. "Now, where were we?"



"I have not finished cleaning your pussy, Mistress." I reminded her.



"Well, don't be all day about it, or no golden nectar for you today." She snapped at me as she lay down on the bed and I became even angrier with Heather. I hurriedly licked her pussy clean, blew it dry and planted a small kiss on it. That was our code, whenever I&nbsp; was cleaning any of Mistress' body part with my tongue, I would plant a small kiss on it to indicate that I was finished. I lay down on the floor on my back.



Soon I saw my mistress' glorious pussy descend upon my face. She squatted with her pussy right on my mouth. Her long, curly pussy hair started tickling my nose, but I was used to it. Her urine started to fall into my waiting, eager mouth in a small trickle. I was thrilled at the warm, salty, tangy, sweet taste of my Goddess' piss (my Mistress always used artificial sweetener in her drinks, so her urine had a sweet taste to it). Soon the trickle became a torrent. But I managed to drink it all down without spilling a drop. I had mastered the art of drinking her piss with my mouth open.



When Mistress started this ritual, at first it was hard going. I remember the very first time, she was careful to piss into my mouth only a small trickle. However, still some of it spilled onto my chin and on the floor. Mistress gave me a well deserved thrashing for it. Next day I managed to spill only a small amount.



However, practice makes perfect. That, and the strong disincentive of receiving a thrashing if I mess up (and I did receive several thrashings before my training was complete) meant that in a short while, I became an expert in drinking my Mistress' piss. Now I probably could do it in my sleep (not that I would want to try).



So I drank up the bloody offering that came out of my Mistress' divine hole thirstily, licking her pussy clean afterwards.



While I was cleaning her up, she told me. "That was Master Raymond on the phone, dear. He bought the orchids from me and I made two thousand dollars profit on the deal. Why he wanted to buy them from me I have no idea. There is one born every minute, I suppose. But now I will be able to get that boob job for you."



Mistress likes to tease me like that. She is extremely rich (I know, I have seen her tax return), she can afford ten boob jobs without any problem. However, I did hope she would get me the boob job soon, as she promised.



"You have been a good sissy, dear and you deserve a reward." The Mistress said as she started tying Mr. Big around her waist. My Mistress has several strap ons, which she uses to pleasure me. After I became her slave, that is the only way I am allowed to climax. Of all the strap ons, Mr. Big is special, at least to me. My Mistress took my cherry with Mr. Big.



It is a double dildo, the smaller part of which goes inside Mistress' pussy. The big part (and it is really big) goes into my 'pussy'. Where the two join, it has a broad base, which can fit snugly onto Mistress' loin forming a tight seal. In addition, the monster that goes into me is hollow.



The advantage of it is that Mistress can inject her fluids into my pussy, as would be the case with a straight man-woman intercourse. Since it forms a tight seal with Mistress' loin, whatever is produced by the her body goes into me without any mess.



Mistress picked up my foot, brought it to may head and inserted it in the elastic restraint which was already in place at the head board (Madam Mystica had thought of everything). She did the same&nbsp; thing with my other foot, thereby exposing my asshole for easy access, ready to be ravaged.



She started fucking me in the ass. She had already filled some lubricant into Mr. Big, so as it entered my asshole, it started squirting the lubricant. As she started fucking me with slow, even strokes, soon my anal passage became fully lubricated. In addition, my asshole was already enlarged due to repeated fucking by the Mistress, so penetration was not difficult. I felt only slight amount of pain, but mostly pleasure.



I remember the time Mistress took my virginity. We had a marriage ceremony, of sorts (I think I am married to the Mistress, but I am not sure, when I saw her tax return, I pointed out to her the tax advantages of getting married, so she may have done it). I had a bridal gown on and Mistress insisted that I leave it on for our honeymoon night. The intercourse on my wedding night was sheer torture, I have never experienced so much pain in my life. I remember screaming a lot. 



When it was over and we both had orgasmed, Mistress told me to take off the now bloody wedding dress (as I lay sobbing on the bed). She had it vacuum packed in a transparent plastic and it is on proud display in her master bedroom.



However, these days there is no bleeding, no pain, only pleasure. Soon Mistress increased the speed and intensity of her strokes. I could feel her pubic hair covered thighs banging hard against my smooth, hairless buttocks (I, of course am not permitted hair anywhere except my head and eyebrows). She bent down, brought her lips on my lips and kissed me hard, transferring saliva into my mouth and feeding it to me in the process.



Soon she climaxed with a scream. As Mistress climaxed repeatedly, she nevertheless kept on fucking me with rapid strokes. Her secretions gathered up inside Mr. Big and flowed down deep into my ass. It was just like man - woman intercourse, with Mistress being the man and I being the woman. I was grateful to her that she was filling me up with her essence. At the same time, she massaged my prostrate and I ejaculated with a moan. My cock was only semi erect and these days, only a small amount of mostly clear liquid comes out of it when I climax. I think Mistress had me chemically castrated (she puts documents in front of&nbsp; me from time to time, which I of course sign without reading, so she has authority to do pretty much anything to me she pleases). I notice my penis has shrunk, does not get totally hard and my secretions are clear and runny. I mean to ask her about it some day, if I remember (being a dumb blonde has its disadvantages).



Anyway, soon she stopped shaking and lay down on me, panting and exhausted. She was dripping sweat and I was soaked with her sweat. I clung to here with both my hands and kept stroking her silky smooth hair.



She started kissing me all over my face, soon my face was soaked with her sweat and her saliva. Then she started urinating into Mr. Big and I could feel her warm urine land deep into my rectum. I moaned in contentment and closed my eyes.



She apparently did not feed me all of her golden nectar, but must have left some behind to give me the golden enema. Soon she was finished, I could feel my bowels full. She untied Mr. Big from her waist, leaving it inside my ass. It acted as a plug and kept my Mistress' urine inside me. She went to the bathroom to wash up.



This is the part I usually dreaded the most. I had to hold the enema inside me until she was finished and it was quite an effort to do it. When I went to wash up, the second thing I did was to thoroughly clean Mr. Big, that has always been my job.



Eventually we both got ready and went downstairs to eat, by now it was lunch time. We saw Mistress Dawn and Debbie sitting at a table so we took our trays and joined them.



"Good morning, dear" Mistress Dawn greeted us (that is, she greeted the Mistress).



"And a good morning to you. How are you Debbie?"



Debbie was massaging her nipple through her blouse. "All right, Mistress." She replied bashfully.



"What's the matter, dear? Is your nipple sore? Oh, of course. The nipple clamps, I assume?" She asked Mistress Dawn.



"Yes, big time. She has bruises all over her both breasts. I am sure she will think twice before sassing me again." Mistress Dawn replied, holding Debbie to her bosom and stroking her hair.



"Yes, mom. I will. I am sorry." Debbie said in her Mistress' breasts.



Mistress Dawn solved the mystery of orchids for us.



"It was like this. A few of us were sitting in the main hall after breakfast, talking, discussing last night's orgy (you missed a great orgy, by the way). Suddenly Heather came running from the basement. She had a very strange tale to tell."



"She was standing over the orchid tank, watching the orchids. She took a few pellets in her hand. She bent over the tank and held out her hand. Unfortunately she did not hold it out far enough, her hand was close to her breasts. The diamond necklace was hanging from her neck, with the big central diamond nestling in her cleavage."



"Five tongues flicked out from five orchids, grabbed the food pellets and retreated. Only one tongue didn't grab a pellet, it grabbed the diamond from her necklace. You remember the diamond she was wearing at dinner last night?"



"Do I ever remember it. What a rock. Must be worth 100,000 dollars at least."



According to Mystica, it is worth well over 200,000 dollars. She should know, she is something of an expert in diamonds. We could see Heather's necklace, with a hole where the diamond used to be"



"Anyway, so what's the problem? She could easily retrieve the diamond?"



"It's not that easy. You see, all five tongues were at about the same spot, so Heather can't tell which orchid snapped up her diamond."



"Still, all she needs is a stick. She can poke around and see which one has the diamond. Why did she want to buy the orchids? And where does Master Raymond come in?"



"Again, there is a complication. All five orchids have closed up."



"I see." Mistress said softly. "That explains everything."



"Do you have any idea how long they will remain closed?"



"About a week. But the horticulturist assured me that they won't close up for at least 3-4 days, until after our get-together. I will have his hide for this."



"Anyway, when she told us what happened, we burst out laughing. ."



Mistress scowled. "Surely that wasn't very nice."



Mistress Dawn looked uncomfortable. "I suppose it wasn't. But you should consider the circumstances. Heather did not take your advice, of being subtle. She was rude to the Masters and clingy, whiny to the Mistresses. Nobody wanted her as a sub and she did not make herself popular by her behaviour."



"Still, poor girl has suffered a severe loss."



"Anyway, she wanted to know who the orchids belonged to. Apparently she wasn't there yesterday when you gave us the demonstration. I am afraid we had a bit of fun at her expense." Then she remembered something. "You mentioned Master Raymond. How does he figure

into this?"



"You won't believe this, but he bought the orchids from me this morning."



"Why, the dirty so and so. Now I remember, while we were talking, he excused himself, said he had to go to the washroom. That is when he must have called you. Anyway, we told her after a while that you owned the orchids. Right away she went off looking for you."



"Well, she found me, and she was very rude about it too. It was all mysterious to me, why all of a sudden everybody was interested in buying the orchids. But now I understand."



By now, most people had just about finished their lunch. We saw Master Raymond address the gathering.



"Could I have everybody's attention please? Thank you. Now, I assume everybody is aware that I purchased the orchids from Mistress Linda here. Also I assume everybody has heard of the unfortunate mishap suffered by the sub wannabe, Heather. So one of the orchids contains a very valuable diamond, we don't know which one. Madam Mystica will vouch for the authenticity of the diamond, won't you, dear?"



Mystica spoke up. "Certainly, the diamond is worth at least 200,000 US dollars. But where are you going with this, Raymond? Shouldn't you give the orchids to poor Heather, after all, it is her diamond."



"Certainly not. The orchids belong to me, I bought them fair and square. If Heather was dumb enough to stand next to orchids with the diamond dangling from her beautiful neck, that is her affair."



"What I propose to do is to auction off the orchids. I will auction off only four, I will keep one for myself. To me, it is not so much the money, it is the thrill, the sport. So I will have one chance in five of keeping the diamond. Anybody is free to bid on one or more of the orchids."



"That is my diamond, you thief. Give me the orchids, they should rightfully be mine. I will give you what you paid for them." Heather called out.



Master Raymond sneered at her. "Sorry, my dear. You will&nbsp; have to bid on them just like anybody else. If you want the orchids for yourself, I can do that too. You know the terms, I explained them to you a while ago. All you have to do is agree to be my sub for a year. After that, it is upto you whether you want to continue as my sub. If you are agreeable, we will end this auction right now."



"You go to hell, asshole." Heather replied.



Raymond shrugged. "Suit yourself. Now let us start. Who will start the bidding at 5000 dollars? Remember, you could get yourself a diamond worth 200,000 dollars."



There was spirited bidding for a while. Finally it ended and Master Raymond announced, "The lucky winner of the orchid is Master He-man, for 20,000 dollars. He-man, if you will be kind enough to approach the orchid case." He-man approached the orchid case.



"Now before I give you the orchid, we have to take care of a small technicality. I have set up my laptop here. First you will have to transfer 20,000 dollars to my bank account." It only took a couple of minutes.



"Now choose any orchid you wish."



I saw Master Raymond had locked up the case and placed a wire mesh on top. He-man picked out an orchid. He produced a pocket knife and cut open the orchid. It did not contain the diamond. However, this sobered up Master Raymond.



"Imagine what would have happened if he had found the diamond. The remaining orchids would be worthless, nobody would bid on them, end of fun and games. From now on, nobody cuts the orchids open until all three have been sold. When somebody buys an orchid, the buyer is free to choose any orchid. I will keep it for the buyer. When all three have been sold, then the three buyers may take possession of their orchids, not until then."



"Also I forgot the mention it, but apparently the orchids are extremely rare and very valuable. ("How do you know?"&nbsp; A Mistress called out. "Internet, my dear." Was the reply). If you sell your orchid, it will easily get you a few hundred dollars. So instead of cutting them open right away, you may wish to wait until they open up by themselves, in a few days. Then if there is no diamond, in them, you will recover at least some of your money by selling it."



"Well, enough fun for now. We will auction off another one tomorrow."



We lingered at the table after lunch, with Mistress Dawn and my Mistress talking to Mystica. Just then Heather strolled by. She looked agitated.



"Can you believe that son of a bitch?" She said pulling up a chair. "He wouldn't even let me bid. I bid twice and both times he declared my bids out of order."



"I get the feeling he does not like you, dear." Mistress Dawn put in gently.



"You think? Mystica, we should call in the police."



"What police? Surely you don't mean the Phoenecia police?"



"Sure. Phoenecia has the jurisdiction here, doesn't she?"



"Believe me, dear. You don't want to get involved with Phoenecia police. In the first place, the communication between Duncan Island and Phoenecia is poor, phone connections are often hit and miss. Second, don't judge Phoenecia by the standards of Europe or North America. Once we are successful in contacting them, we will be lucky if the police show up here a week later. Then they will expect a considerable bribe (seeing that we can well afford it) before they will even begin to look into it."



"If this was a murder, we would have no choice, I would have sent a boat to Phoenecia, and chances are police would have come right away to investigate a murder. We would be confined to the island until they solved the case, which could take weeks."



"It has to be done in case of a murder, but not for something like this. I am not even sure there is any crime involved. Is Master Raymond a thief or does the diamond now legally belong to him? But if it makes you feel any better, by all means call the police. You will regret that you did."



I was intrigued by Madame Mystica, she did not seem to have any slaves, though she appeared to be Grande Dame of BDSM scene. Later on I asked the Mistress



"Mistress, doesn't Madame Mystica have any slaves?"



"Yes, she does. She has several, both males and females. She has a regular harem, and she treats her slaves like a harem. The castle is huge, only a small part is accessible to us. The part that is inaccessible to us houses her harem and the household staff. Her slaves rarely appear in public, only if it is absolutely necessary. When a slave does appear in public, he or she is completely covered from head to toe by a veil, just like a traditional Muslim wife, he or she is totally invisible to public. As a matter of fact, she does have a slave who is a traditional Muslim woman (although I can't think how Mystica managed to persuade her to be Mystica's slave), who used to wear a veil even before she became her slave."



"In the castle, her slaves are pampered in a lavish manner, the only whippings and lashings they receive are from Mystica herself, nobody else may harm the slaves. So for the most part, her slaves have it easy, except of course, when they have a session with her. Don't go by her jolly, amicable&nbsp; demeanor, she is one of&nbsp; the most harsh and cruel Mistresses I know. After a session with her, a slave needs a few weeks to recuperate. Perhaps that is why she cannot do with only one slave, she needs a harem. Fortunately, she has the finances for it."



"I have visited her in her castle several times and on one of those occasions, I happened to see one of her slaves, Barbie. The slave was a she male and drop dead gorgeous. She was the spitting image of the traditional Barbie doll. She was recuperating from a session with Mystica and we went to see how she was doing. She was lying in bed. She had red, angry welts all over her back, purple bruises over her breasts. But her face was beautiful, flawless. I wondered why it resembled the Barbie so much. I should have guessed."



"I have always wanted to own a live Barbie doll ever since I was a little girl" Mystica explained to me. So when Fred here agreed to be my slave, I renamed him Barbie. By means of extensive (and expensive) plastic surgery, I have managed to change her appearance to that of Barbie. Isn't she a beautiful piece of art?"



"So you see, Melanie, Mystica does all right."



Heather did not call the police. Later that day, we had a few games involving Doms and subs after lunch. In one particular game, the slave had to carry the Master or Mistress on his/her back in a race. For me, there was no problem, I could carry my Mistress on my back. However, some other pairs, especially when Dom was a Master and slave was a woman, it was not always possible. Those pairs were given the option of doing it the other way round.



To my surprise, first prize was won by Debbie carrying mistress Dawn. Mistress Dawn is a full figured woman and must have weighed quite a bit. My Mistress congratulated her. When she won, I was nowhere near the finishing line.



"Congratulations, Dawn. Great race." (one, of course, would never congratulate a slave).



"Thanks, dear. Debbie is quite an athlete. She works out a lot, does weight lifting as well, she tells me. Well done, dear." She said to Debbie, taking her in her arms and kissing her lightly.



Debbie blushed prettily. "Thank you, mom." She said, hiding her face in Mistress Dawn's breasts.

Mistress Dawn kissed her again and sniffed. "You are all sweaty, my dear. That is not becoming a proper young lady. Go and take a nice, floral bath."



"But mom, I want to participate some more. Could we, please? Pretty please?"



"Oh, all right. But only one more event. I am not young any more, like you. Let us go, dear."



My Mistress wanted to explore the island, so we went for a stroll.





3.



Next day, after lunch, just before Master Raymond was about to start the auction, Heather addressed the group.



"Please, people, that diamond belongs to me. I request everybody to please not bid on the orchids. Please, I beg of you. If nobody bids on them, Master Raymond will be shamed into giving or selling orchids to me."



"I think not, my dear." Master Raymond said as he stood facing the lunch crowd. "If nobody bids, I will just take the orchids home with me. Are you ready to be my sub?"



"Oh, bite me."



"Are you going to bid on an orchid, Mistress?" I asked.



"Whatever for? I am not that fond of the diamond, if I were, I could just buy something like it in the market, I can afford it. And I don't really see where the sport is in tormenting poor Heather. Besides, I sold the orchids to Master Raymond for a few hundred dollars each and I should buy it back from him for a few thousand? How silly is that? No, dear. We will just watch others make fools of themselves."



Master Raymond addressed the group. "All right, I want to see lively auction now. Since one orchid has been eliminated, thanks to He-man, now the odds of finding the diamond in the next orchid have increased to 1 in 4. I hope that is reflected in the bidding. Who wants to start the bidding at 10,000 dollars?"



This time Heather did manage to get in a bid for 15,000 dollars. Master Raymond considered it, but it was quickly overtaken by another bid for 16,000. The bidding reached 21,000. Master Raymond saw that Heather was about to put in a bid so he hurriedly said "going, going, gone. Sold to Mistress Veronica for 21,000 dollars. Congratulations, Veronica." 



Heather sat back in her seat angry and dejected. Master Raymond looked at her, triumphantly.



"Now we are going to do this in a slightly different way. Veronica, would you approach the orchid case, please. Let us take care of financial details first."



When Mistress Veronica had transferred the money, he produced four number tags from 1 to 4 and placed them besides the orchids. 



"Which one would you like?" 



"Number 2." Mistress Veronica replied.



"Number 2 it is." Master Raymond made a note in his diary. "As I said, you will get the possession of the orchid when I sell two more."



"Now I will auction one more. Tomorrow we have a packed agenda, so there will be no auction tomorrow. Day after tomorrow is out last day here, and I will auction the last one just before we leave. Who will start the bidding at 10,000 dollars?"



The next one went for 30,000 dollars. Again, Master Raymond ignored Heather's bid, pretending that he did not hear her.



The next day was indeed a packed agenda. There were several seminars, How to Train Your Slave; Cane or Whip, Which is the Better Chastising Tool; Do She Males make Better Slaves Than Either Men or Women and so on. All the seminars were liberally laced with practical demonstrations. Plus there was a continuous orgy going on in the Bondage room, those not interested in seminars could amuse themselves in the orgy.



The day culminated with slave swap after dinner. It worked pretty much on the line of wife swapping. Participation was voluntary for the Doms. Slaves had no choice, if their Master or Mistress participated, the slave had to participate as well. There were about twenty Masters and Mistresses and&nbsp; all decided to participate in the slave swap. Passports of all the slaves were put in a bowl, thoroughly mixed together and each Dom had to insert his or her hand in the bowl and draw up a passport unseen.



My Mistress picked up the passport of Sharon, another she male. As it happened, my passport was picked up by Mistress Dawn. I was not altogether happy with it, the way she handled her slave (Debbie), I knew she was a particularly cruel Mistress. But of course, slaves had no say in the matter.



Before the pairs could leave for a night of partying, there was the slave inspection. Madam Mystica had an X ray machine wheeled in, with a technician to handle it. Each slave was X rayed to note any fractures etc. Note was also made of any severe injuries, open wounds etc. Then the&nbsp; slaves (those slaves whose masters request it) would be X rayed again next morning. If a slave had developed additional fractures or severe injuries, the Dom which caused the damage would have to pay for it (minor marks or welts did not count, of course). After all, they were playing with another person's merchandise, it was only fair that they return the merchandise undamaged.



X Rays showed that Sharon had two fractures, one in the rib and a hairline fracture in one finger. Her Mistress must be particularly cruel, I thought. Either that or Sharon probably was an extreme masochist, who got off on severe injuries. Roberta, Master Raymond's slave did not have any fractures, but showed many red, angry welts all over her body.



"The bitch was giving me extra lip, was behaving above her station. Well, I thrashed her within an inch of her life." Master Raymond explained proudly.



Debbie, of course, still had bruises all over her breasts, because of the clamps Mistress Dawn had used on her. I was the only slave that did not have fractures, injuries or welts (if you didn't count the faint marks on my back, my Mistress had whipped me a week ago).



"You are too lenient with your slave, dear." Mistress Dawn said to my Mistress. "Maybe I could give you a few pointers. A slave needs and wants to be beaten from time to time. It makes the slave happy."



"Well, not my slave. Anything&nbsp; I do makes her happy, I don't have to whip her to make her happy."



Mistress Dawn shrugged. "Well, each to his or her own, I suppose. But if I don't punish Debbie for a few days, she starts getting uppity. I have to show her who is the boss from time to time."



I was surprised when I heard that. Surely Mistress doesn't have to teach me who is the boss, I already know, why would it be necessary to whip me just for that? I wouldn't even dream of disobeying my Mistress. I was grateful that Mistress beat me only when I deserved it, only when I did something stupid. It is highly unlikely I would do anything stupid in my present condition, but when I am a silly blond airhead (as I usually am), it comes naturally.



I am not sure how Mistress turns me from an accountant into a blond airhead (She tells me it is with a password), but then Mistress knows many things that I don't, that is why she is my owner. She tells me it is because of my 'conversion', but that does not really tell me anything. I don't exactly know how this conversion works. But I did overhear my Mistress tell one of her friends that if my conversion were ever removed for any reason, I would very likely kill the Mistress, I have that much hatred stored inside me towards her because of what she did to me.



That I find hard to believe. I know my Mistress is very clever and knows a lot, but on this point she clearly has to be mistaken (or what is more likely, I don't understand her as well as I should, my understanding is probably inadequate). I kill mistress? I would much rather kill myself. And I don't hate her for what she did, I am grateful to her for enslaving me.



I remember once I decided to see if there is any validity to what the Mistress told her friend. Many nights, I have to service the Mistress orally. After I have licked her to several orgasms (and perhaps she has fucked me with her strap on ), she would ask me to sleep in the same bed with her, with my nose buried in her pussy or her asshole (a great honor) or on a mattress on the ground besides her. However, when she is in no mood for sex (or when she has another lover in her bed), I sleep in my room (or rather, the room she has assigned to me, it all belongs to Mistress, I don't own anything).



One of those nights, when my services were not required, I got ready for bed. Just before going to sleep, I sat on the bed and thought to myself 'The Mistress is an evil woman'.



It took me several minutes to formulate the thought. When finally I succeeded in thinking that, I started shaking all over, I got the shivers. I lay down and covered myself with the blanket However, I still shivered uncontrollably and I started to feel nauseous. For a while, I was certain I was going to throw up. However, I managed to suppress the nausea with difficulty. It took a long time for me to calm down. When finally I quieted down, I found that I was drenched in sweat. I had also developed a splitting headache. I found it a very tiring, draining experience and I slept soundly after that until morning.



Of course I told about it to the Mistress in the morning over breakfast. I thought she would be angry with me, but she appeared pleased. She said to me



"Melanie, that was a very naughty thing you did. For one thing, you had a wicked thought about your Goddess. For another, it would have made you sick, at least you did not do it when I wasn't around, I was here to help you if necessary. But then I didn't specifically tell you not to do it, so I suppose you are not totally to blame. That reduces your punishment somewhat. So I won't whip you, but no morning golden nectar for you for one week, for one week it goes straight down the toilet."



Damn. I would much rather have taken the whipping, but of course I had to accept the punishment without complaining.



"However, this does tell me one thing. This tells me that your conversion is very strong, with no possibility of rebellion on your part. It is very reassuring when you can't even think of me in any negative way."



"And I have no desire to, Mistress, that was just an experiment. And a dumb thing to do, please forgive me."



After that, I have never attempted it. Anyway, continuing the narrative, soon the inspection&nbsp; was complete and it was time for the pairs to leave. "Well, goodnight, Dawn. I will see you tomorrow. Have fun and mind you return my slave to me&nbsp; undamaged."



4.



Mistress Dawn grabbed me by my arm, pulled me towards her and held me close. "Don't worry, dear. I know many ways of having fun without marking or damaging a slave." She said, putting a slave collar on me and attaching a leash to it. Then she gave the leash a vicious yank so that I fell down on the carpet. I looked up at her with fear in my eyes. However, she was smiling down at me.



"Melanie, the first rule you have to learn is that you never ever tower above me, I am the Mistress and you are the slave, you must always be below me, is that clear?"



"Yes, Mistress." I said, kissing her feet. She was pleased.



"Now that shows proper respect. Let us go. Crawl on your hands and knees behind me." She said, pulling at the leash. "Goodnight, Linda."



"Just a minute, Dawn. This is important. Melanie, I want you to obey Dawn, do everything she tells you to. You must make her happy. If I get an unfavorable report from her tomorrow morning, I won't be pleased. Is that clear?"



"Yes, Mistress. I will do my best to make her happy."



"Mind you do. Well, Goodnight, Dawn. Have fun, you two."



Soon we reached Mistress Dawn's room. She opened a bottle of wine and sat down in the plush arm chair with a glass of wine in her hand. "Strip" She barked an order. After I had removed my clothes and was standing totally naked in front of her, she asked me to turn around slowly. She inspected my body carefully. 



"Not bad. But no marks, no bruises of any kind on your body, that is not good. I will take care of that. Sit down on the bed."



She finished her wine and put the glass down. She approached me and stood in front of me. Even though she was much shorter than me, she towered over me, since I was sitting and she was standing. 



"Nice boobs."



She started fondling my budding breasts. She started gently, then kept on kneading my breasts with increasing force. Soon it became painful. By now she was savagely mauling by breasts. Surely that would leave marks on my breasts. By tomorrow I will have black and blue bruises all over my breasts.



Suddenly she grabbed my teats and pinched them with savage force, pinched them so hard that I thought they would pop out. I gasped and tears of pain started flowing down my cheeks. I looked up at her. I saw her round, moon face smiling down at me..



"Good, I like to see my slaves cry. Crying is good for the soul."



She kept abusing my breasts for a while. The pain was excruciating. However, I managed to hold on, without complaining. By the time she was finished, I was sniffling, sobbing softly. She held me to her ample breasts and kissed me softly on my forehead. 



"There, there, sweetie, don't cry. Aren't you a soft, submissive, sweet little sissy." She lifted my face by placing her fingers under my chin and brought down her lips onto mine. As her thick tongue started exploring my mouth, I held onto her by putting my arms around her neck. I could taste the wine on her tongue (a good vintage too, as I recall from the days before I was intoxicated by my Mistress' charms). I didn't really like this terrible woman, but I very much wanted to please my Mistress. So I relaxed in her arms and submitted myself to her.



She broke the kiss after a while and sat down on the bed besides me. Without saying anything, she snapped her fingers and pointed to her feet. I got down from the bed, sat on the floor next to her, took her foot in my hand and kissed her shoe. However, her other foot shot out and kicked me in the face.



"Remove my shoes and stockings, you moron. And give me a proper foot massage, with your tongue."



She had been on her feet most of the day in her stockings and shoes. When I peeled off her stocking, Her feet were sweaty, fermenting and I was assaulted by a sharp, pungent, characteristic foot odor. I felt revolted. My Mistress' feet never smelled this bad. I wondered if she had not washed her feet for several days, surely one day would not cause this much foot odor. 



I bent forward and kissed her big toe and took it in my mouth. Her toe was so big that it filled my mouth (by contrast, I can easily take big toe and two other toes of my Mistress' foot in my mouth at the same time). I could taste the salty, gritty taste of her sweat. I washed her toe thoroughly with my saliva and cleaned it the best I could. Slowly I kissed, licked and cleaned her toes, taking care to lick in between the toes. After I was assaulted by her foot odor in the beginning, I steeled myself and avoided throwing up with difficulty.



It took a long time, but eventually I managed to clean her feet thoroughly with my tongue. When I was finished, I blew them dry and planted a small kiss on each feet. Then I looked up at her for her reaction, hoping she would be pleased.



She seemed to consider it. "Hmm, not bad, not bad at all. Now what I need is a bath." Here I agreed with her. I could smell her pussy even from the floor. "And you are going to give me a bath."



I was OK with that. Sometimes I bathed my Mistress, though she has a personal maid to do it for her on a regular basis. I really acted more in the capacity of her personal assistant.



"Shall I draw up your bath, Mistress?"



"What for? Oh, you misunderstood when I said I need a bath. I meant a tongue bath and you are going to give me one." She stripped off her clothes and stood completely naked before me, exposing her large, plump body. Her belly hung down slightly over her pussy.



But what held my attention was her pussy. It was easily the hairiest pussy I had ever seen, and I have seen my share of pussies. Before I became a slave to my Mistress, I had had sex with several young ladies (in fact, I used to be quite a ladies' man), so I was not exactly a stranger to a woman's pussy, but I have never seen a pussy so hairy. Her hair was jet black and coarse. It started just below her navel, completely buried her pussy lips and her asshole so that they were invisible and ended on her massive thighs.



I could clearly smell the rank, musky odor of her pussy and the pungent odor of her asshole. I kept staring at her pussy hair. She had hair in her asshole as well, how gross. She noticed my gaze and smiled.



"You like my pussy, sissy. But that treat is not for you, not yet anyway. First I need my tongue bath. You have already cleaned my feet, start with my ankles and work your way up to my neck. But leave my face, pussy and asshole alone, you have not yet earned the right to go near them. Do a good job of giving me a tongue bath and I will treat you to my pussy and asshole."



That was supposed to be a treat? To me, licking her pussy and (horrors!) asshole was really a punishment, and not a treat. If my Mistress had not specifically ordered me to please Mistress Dawn, I would deliberately have done a poor job of giving her a tongue bath so that she would punish me, beat me (rather than treat me). That was preferable to licking her pussy and asshole.



I did not care for Mistress Dawn, but I very much wanted to please my Mistress, so I proceeded to give her a slow, methodical tongue bath. It took a long time, since there was so much area to cover. She insisted that I lick all of her body, including the armpits but except her face, stopping at her neck. Sometimes I give my Mistress a tongue bath, but it takes half the time. Luckily her armpits only had a slight odor, but I did end up swallowing her antiperspirant.



Anyway, she seemed happy enough at the end, which to me was a mixed blessing. Now came the dreadful part. As I expected, she said to me



"You have done well, slave. Now for your reward. Lie down on the bed on your back." As I did, she said "Hold on a minute." She spread a plastic sheet on the bed below me and I wondered about that.



She stood on either side of me and lowered her pussy on my face. As she sat down on me, her massive buttocks rested on my chest. The weight was unbearable and for a while I was afraid my ribs might crack. I was all right, but I knew next morning I will ache all over. Of course, it won't show in the medical examination so I did not have any recourse for it (nobody would accept a slave's word against that of a Mistress).



My face and nose was buried deep in her heavy, thick bush. Her coarse, black hair started to prick my face. It probably would result in 'hair burn' the next day. Her thatch was already liberally covered with her secretions and altogether, her pussy had a very strong, unpleasant&nbsp; smell. Since she had not had a bath since the morning, her pussy also smelled of sweat and urine. By searching around with my tongue, I located her pussy lips. I inserted my tongue into her pussy and started licking vigorously, ignoring the strong, salty, bitter taste. Some of her pussy hair came loose into my mouth , but there was no way to spit them out, my lips were very snug against her pussy.



I could hear Mistress Dawn moaning. Soon I could feel that she was ready to climax. I massaged her clitoris with my finger. She gave a yell and climaxed mightily. But I was totally unprepared for what happened next. As she climaxed, secretions started gushing out of her pussy. I tried to swallow as much as I could, but soon I was drowning in her secretion. It wasn't piss (I have tasted piss many times), so it wasn't that bad. But she may well have been pissing, there was that much volume. However, some of it went into my nose and soon I was choking and sputtering. I wound up swallowing the loose pussy hair which had gathered in my mouth.



I started coughing violently. It took me quite a while to come back to normal again. All this time, Mistress still sat on my chest and looked down in amusement. When I had quieted down, she told me.



"When Debbie licks me to orgasm, she knows what to expect, she has become an expert in gulping down my pussy juices, she does it without spilling a drop. So she is no fun. You, on the other hand, provided me with quite an entertainment. Now lick my pussy hair clean and dry it, I don't want to see any secretions left over."



It took me a long time to clean her up. I did end up swallowing some of her loose pussy hair. I have licked many pussies in my life, before I became a slave to Mistress Linda (as a prelude to having normal sex, of course) and brought many women to climax, but this was easily the worst (for me, that is), stinkiest and dirtiest blow job I have ever given to a woman. Eventually, I was finished and looked up at her. With a swiftness that surprised me, she got up and lay down on me, he mouth very close to mine. She wrinkled her nose at the smell. "Oh, I didn't know my pussy had such a strong smell. Anyway, now the second part of your treat. I am going to let you lick my asshole. You were good, you gave me such a strong orgasm that some pussy juices flowed down to my asshole. Aren't you lucky?"



Like hell. But I gave the expected reply. "Yes Mistress, thank you, Mistress." I said into her mouth. She was dripping with sweat and soon I was drenched in her sweat. My body started smelling of her sweat.



"That's a good sissy." She slobbered kisses all over my face, covering my face with her saliva and tasting her own juices in the process. "You know, Melanie, I have a G spot about an inch inside my ass. You will have to insert your tongue deep into my asshole to find it. Debbie is expert at it, she can find it without any problem. It may take you longer, I appreciate that. But you must find it and bring me to orgasm. Is that clear?"



"Yes, ma'am."



"Oh, and I have another treat for you. Have you ever tasted dingleberries?"



"Dingleberries? No, ma'am. What kind of berries are those?"



"The best, most delicious kind. When I shit and wipe my ass, bits of shit, bits of tissue paper get stuck to my ass hair and dry up. They are called dingleberries. I want you to eat each and every one of them."



She lifted her face a little, brought forth a short chubby hand and squeezed my cheeks, squeezed them painfully, her short, sausage like fingers digging deep into my cheeks. Tears of pain came to my eyes. I never ceased to be surprised how strong she was for a short, plump woman. "But I don't want you pulling my hair and hurting me. If you pull my hair, I will seriously hurt you. Never mind about the physical examination tomorrow, I will hurt you so that it won't leave any mark, but you will still be in excruciating pain for days to come. Is that clear?"



She shouted so close to my face that I was sprayed by her spit. I became scared and just nodded at her. If only my Mistress had not told me to make this terrible woman happy. I would gladly have walked out of there and taken whatever punishment Mistress Dawn, my Mistress or whoever else would have given me. But above all, I had to make my Mistress happy.



"Good. Let us get started." She inserted her stubby finger in my mouth and wiggled my tongue with her finger. "Put that talented tongue to good use."



She got up and sat down on my chest again, her back facing me, for which I was grateful. If she had sat other way, my nose would be buried deep in her pussy. In addition to not liking the smell (I loved the smell of my Mistress' pussy), I would have difficulty breathing, because of her very hairy bush.



However, now there was another problem. Her large ass was spread out before me, no doubt with a puckered asshole. I could smell strong, pungent, fetid stink of her asshole. But her asshole was invisible, it was hidden deep under her hairy bush. She did not have just light fuzz in her ass, but large and coarse hair, perhaps 1-2 inches long. The hair pricked my face unpleasantly. I also could see several 'dingleberries' dangling from her hair.



The stench was overwhelming. I took a couple of deep breaths, to get used to the smell and to avoid retching. However, the Mistress did not like it. "What are you waiting for, shithead? Get on with it, you son of a bitch, show me what your pathetic tongue can do, if you want to avoid a severe thrashing."



I was really getting steamed up with Mistress Dawn. Not being content with bad mouthing me, now she had started on my sweet, darling mother. I almost told her to go to hell and walked out of there. However, I thought of my divine mistress, my Goddess. How could I displease her? I closed my eyes and imagined I had my Mistress' heavenly ass before me and that I was licking her asshole. I took a flock of hair in my mouth (but my Mistress didn't have any hair growing in her asshole) and started rubbing it with my tongue gently, to get the dingleberries loose. I was very careful not to hurt her. Eventually, dingleberries came loose. I swallowed them and started with a different flock of hair. It took a long time, but I licked her asshole clean. Still the terrible stink was there.



"That was good, dear. I feel nice and clean in my asshole. Now for that orgasm. Go for it, you pervert."



By rotating my tongue around inside her flock of hair, I located her asshole. Her asshole still was dirty, I had only managed to clean the hair growing there. After giving a couple of licks, I started inserting my tongue inside. Her asshole felt tiny and tight (no wonder, the bitch probably had never been penetrated in her asshole). I lubricated it with my saliva, pressed my lips hard against her asscheeks and pressed with the tip of my tongue, ignoring the stench. After some effort on my part, I felt her asshole open up and I went in. 



I started exploring the inside of her ass with my tongue, moving my tongue about. She started giving me directions.



"That's it a little to the left. To the right, bitch, I tell you right and you go left. You are a dumb blond, aren't you? That's it. A bit above and to your left. You got it, now press hard and wiggle your tongue about. That's it, baby, I am coming, ahhhh."



Her big, soft jelly of an ass started shaking and I had to make on effort not to slip my tongue out of her ass. I kept moving my head along with her ass and pressing my tongue on her g spot. I could feel the fluids from her pussy gushing onto my chest. Finally she was spent and she got up, my tongue slipping out of her asshole with a pop.



She lay down on the bed on her back with her knees drawn up while still keeping her feet firmly on the bed. Her thighs were soaked in her juices and her pussy was dripping. No wonder she had spread a plastic sheet on the bed. "Lick my thighs clean, dear." she said softly, lighting a thin cigar. Now that she had had her orgasms, she appeared much more friendly. I sucked and licked her thighs and her pussy clean. I could still smell her ass after all this. How can anybody smell so much? I wondered. I finished with a small kiss on her pussy hair and looked up at her.



"Would you like another orgasm, Mistress?"



"No, sweetie, I have had enough." She said languidly, blowing smoke in my face. "But I do have to go to bathroom. I am too tired, I can't be bothered. Open your mouth wide, honey, drink it all up. Drink my golden, heavenly nectar."



I knew this was going to be messy. I have had plenty of practice drinking my Mistress' golden nectar, but Mistress Dawn's pussy was different. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and pressed it firmly against her thick, dense bush. I had just cleaned her out and I could already smell her sweat on her pussy bush. Soon her pee started to land in my mouth. However, because of the copious amount of hair, it did not come out in a well defined stream (as was the case with my Mistress, who had no hair in her pussy), but in a diffuse, wide trickle. I could not get a tight enough seal against her pussy hair and some of it leaked from the side of my mouth.



Her piss tasted horrible. It was acrid, dark yellow and very salty and not at all sweet, evidently she did not believe in using artificial sweeteners (looking at her bulk, I could well believe that). It also had a terrible smell. Does Debbie really enjoy doing this? I wondered idly as I shut my eyes tight and imagined that I was drinking my Mistress' heavenly elixir. That helped some. She must not have peed for a long time, she peed copiously. When she was finished, I cleaned her up.



However, I could still&nbsp; smell the strong smell of her piss, it was all around me. The plastic sheet which was white until now had turned yellow near my face. All this time, I was still inhaling the smoke of her cigar. She finished peeing and smoking at about the same time. By now her cigar smoke was beginning to get to me. I never could stand tobacco smoke. I was lucky in that my Mistress did not smoke. Until now I had managed to suppress nausea with great difficulty. However, when I started coughing, I knew I was about to lose control.



"Mistress, may I please use the bathroom?"



Mistress was in the after glow of her orgasms. She had a dreamy look on her face. Without saying anything, she gestured with her hand. I took that to mean that she consented and I practically ran to the bathroom. I kneeled down over the toilet bowl and threw up copiously. I threw up all her juices that I had swallowed, her pussy hair (and ass hair), even my dinner. When I washed my face, I noticed that several of her pussy hair were stuck to my face. I felt a little better after I had washed my face with hot water and soap.



By the time I got back, Mistress Dawn was fast asleep, snoring softly. The plastic sheet was crumpled up and was lying beside the bed. It already had a strong smell and I knew if I left it there, soon the stink of stale urine will be overpowering. I picked up the sheet and put it in the garbage container, making sure the lid was on tightly. Then I took a shower, scrubbing myself thoroughly, I wanted to get rid of all the smells of Mistress Dawn from my body, I was hoping I was done with her for good.



When I came out of the bathroom, I considered the sleeping arrangement. The bed was king size bed and could easily hold two. However, I noticed a pallet besides the bed. Correctly recognizing it as the bed for slaves, I switched off the bedside lamp and lay down on it. Mistress had not specifically told me to sleep in the bed with her and I thought it safer to sleep on the pallet (besides, I did not want to sleep with Mistress dawn anyway). Soon I also fell asleep.



I became awake at dawn, when I felt somebody getting into bed with me. Of course, it was Debbie. The pallet was really big enough for only one person, so we were snuggled tightly together. I notice she had handcuffed my hand (there were cuffs built into walls on four sides of the pallet). She smelled fresh and clean, like she had just showered (she probably had). We had a long chat, clinging to each other, breast to breast, with our nipples touching. We both had bruises on our breasts so we had to be careful not to move about too much. Still one of us would wince from time to time. We talked in low tones, whispering into each other's mouth so as not to wake up the Mistress.



"Why did you handcuff me, Debbie?"



"When Mom asks me to sleep away from her, she always handcuffs both my hands. She does give me the choice of sleeping on my back or stomach. Today she did not do it, but I am sure it is required. Since there are two of us today, I thought it better to handcuff one hand each for both of us. Look." She showed me her hand, where she had handcuffed herself.



"You always sleep with both hands locked up? How do you go to bathroom, do you wake up the Mistress?"



"Wake her up during the night, don't be silly. She will blister my ass so badly I won't be able to sit down for a week. No,&nbsp; she puts a diaper on me before going to bed. In the morning she always takes it off and cleans me. That is the part I love best. So even if I have not wetted myself during the night, I make sure to wet the diaper before Mom wakes up. I doubt she realizes that I wet myself intentionally."



"So, how did it go, Melanie? Did you enjoy yourself?"



"It went OK, I am sure your Mistress, sorry, Mom was pleased. But no, I did not enjoy myself. How come your Mom's pussy and ass smell so much? They positively stink."



"The smells are rather ripe, aren't they? When Mom uses toilet, nobody else can use it without liberally spraying air freshener in the toilet. Except me, of course. In that respect, she is like Al Bundy from 'Married With Children'." Debbie giggled softly. She seemed proud of the fact.



"You don't mind the smell of her pussy and her ass?"



"Not at all. To me, the smell of her ass is heavenly perfume, and deliciously humiliating, I get off on humiliation big time. So did you eat her dingleberries? I hope you saved some for me."



"Believe me, I would have saved all of them for you, but Mom would not have liked it, I had to eat them all, and it was a messy business."



Debbie sounded disappointed. "Oh, well there will be more tomorrow, I am sure. Mom has so much hair in her asshole that she cannot properly wipe herself clean. There are always dingleberries dangling from the hair in her asshole."



"And you like them?" I was incredulous.



"Of course. I get off on humiliation, remember? But don't you like them?"



"Certainly not."



"If you don't like to be humiliated, then why are you a slave?"



"Well, my Mistress somehow made me her slave, I am not quite sure how she worked it, but I suddenly started to adore, worship my Mistress and now I will do anything to please her, including being humiliated."



"Wow. And here I thought I was kinky."



"So Debbie, are you a slave or a sub?"



"Only a sub. I do not live with Mom. I live on my own and work as a secretary/receptionist. I am hoping to be a full time slave to Mom."



"So what is stopping you?"



"I am trying to work out some kind of financial arrangement with Mom before I give up my job and can be her full time slave. I am sure she will get bored with me eventually. At that time when we part, I want her to give me a substantial amount of money, so I can get back on my feet again. The lawyers are working out an arrangement. Hopefully, I can give up my job, move in with her and become her full time slave soon."



"Can she afford you?"



"Of course. Oh, you probably don't know. Most of the Doms invited to this function are extremely rich. Mom is a widow, her husband used to be a big industrialist. She does not have any children (I suppose that is why she wants me to call her 'Mom'). There was some question about his death, Mom was suspected. However, nothing was ever proved and Mom inherited all her husband's wealth. Today her net worth runs into tens of millions. She can afford to pay for ten slaves and not feel it."



"She is paying for the trip here, I couldn't afford to pay my way on what I earn. But thanks to her, I got a free vacation in the tropics."



She seemed to be slipping off the pallet so I pulled her closer to me in my embrace. She cried out.



"Ow. Be careful, Melanie dear. I have got welts and bruises on my back."



"Who were you with last night?"



"A Mistress, Mistress Veronica. She beat me with a belt, she blistered my back."



"But won't it show on today's physical?



"Sure , but minor welts and bruises are permitted. A Dom may not inflict any long lasting damage, like bone fracture, or excessive bleeding etc. The welts and sores on my back will heal in a few days, they don't count. So, what about you? Did Mom punish you?"



"She did not beat or whip me, if that is what you mean. But she did maul my breasts very badly. You can see bruises on them already. She made me cry. She also made me bring her off by inserting my tongue deep into her stinking asshole, that was punishment enough for me."



"Oh, yes. The G spot inside her ass. I found that out by accident. I just love to lick Mom's ass, to explore her asshole with my tongue in spite of the horrible smell. One day my tongue was deep in her asshole and I was rimming her asshole from inside when all of a sudden she cried out. I explored it further and located and fixed her G spot. Now I can accurately home in on it even if I am half asleep. Did you drink her golden nectar?"



"Yes, I did."



"Isn't it marvelous? Her nectar has such a sharp smell and taste, I just love it. You probably&nbsp; have never had a treat like this. I bet your Mistress' pee does not have such a strong smell."



"No, it doesn't, thank god."



"Well, mine does and I like it, wouldn't have it any other way."



All this talk of pee was making me nauseous again, so&nbsp; I hurriedly changed the subject.



"Mistress Veronica. Isn't she the one who bought the orchid from Master Raymond?"



"Yes, but she doesn't know it if she has the diamond yet."



"Well, my Mistress isn't interested in the diamond, she is not going to bid."



"Let me tell you a secret. Mistress Veronica does not have the diamond."



"How do you know?"



"Because Mom told me yesterday that she knows which orchid contains the diamond. She says there is a tiny, barely perceptible bulge in one of the two remaining orchids. She intends to bid tomorrow and go all the way. She means to buy that orchid. Mom is persistent that way."



"But surely she could easily afford to buy a diamond."



"Sure, she can afford to buy several. But she told me it is the thrill of gambling, getting something very cheap that is attractive. Anyway, ask your Mistress permission to attend the bidding tomorrow. You will see Mom in action."



"My hand is cramping a bit. Would you please remove my handcuff for a while?"



"But I don't have the key, only Mom has the key. She will free us when she gets up, which probably will be soon."



"Now give me kiss, Melanie. Mom does not mind, don't worry about her."



Our lips were already practically touching. I pulled her closer to me (producing another 'Ow' from her) and inserted my tongue into her mouth. We kissed long and hard and fell asleep with my tongue still in her mouth.



5.



"Good morning, sleepy heads."



Both Melanie and I opened our eyes at the same time. My tongue was still in her mouth and both of us had drooled quite a bit on the sheet. I hastily removed my tongue from her mouth, wiped my face and looked up. Mistress Dawn was sitting besides me, her plump, round face smiling down at me. She was naked and I could smell the strong stink of her pussy and her ass.



"Melanie, you were great last night. If I did not love Debbie so much, I would sell her or set her on her way and try to buy you from your Mistress. Your tongue is a treasure." She bent down to kiss me on the forehead and I got an awful whiff of her morning breath.



"Thank you , Mistress" I replied, trying hard not to breath.



"You are welcome, dear." She unlocked my handcuff and went and sat by Debbie. She put the dog collar and leash on Debbie.



"Give me a kiss, little one." She bend down, gathered Debbie in her short, thick arms and kissed her passionately, inserting her tongue into Debbie's mouth. Debbie for her part reached up and put both her hands around Mistress Dawn's neck. I sat up, waiting for permission to leave.



After a long time, Mistress broke the kiss. I could still see several strands of her saliva connecting her lips to Debbie's. "Oh, this morning mouth, it is awful." Mistress said, wiping her lips.



"It's OK, Mom. I don't mind. Ow." Debbie again cried out as her back hit the pallet.



"Oh, you poor dear. Turn over, let me look at you. Why, that bitch, Veronica. She really did a number on your back, didn't she?"



Debbie broke down, sobbing. "Oh, Mom, it was awful." She snuggled up to Mistress Dawn, resting her shoulders on Mistress' large, soft belly and burying her face in her ample breasts.



"She beat me something terrible. She kept on beating, she wouldn't stop, no matter how much I pleaded." Debbie said between sobs.



Mistress engulfed Debbie in her embrace and kissed her softly on her forehead.



"There, there, sweetie. It's all right little one, you are with mommy now. Mommy will protect you, save you from any harm." She kept comforting her, stroking her hair and caressing and kissing her face gently (who is going to protect her from 'mommy', I idly wondered). Finally she took her large, brown nipple in her hand and guided it to Debbie's mouth.



"Here you are, child. Enjoy." She said, yawning.



Debbie started sucking on her tit vigorously. After sucking on her mommy's breasts for a while, she calmed down. "Let me look at your back again, dear. The bitch. She kept within the letter of the law, the welts are all temporary, they will completely heal in a few days, I really can't say anything to her. She broke the spirit of the law, she really should not have inflicted so much pain on you. Oh, my little darling, I am sorry."



I did not point out to Mistress Dawn that she herself had threatened me with the same thing if I did not please her. 



Debbie disengaged form Mistress' breast. She had now almost stopped crying. "I will be OK, mom. Don't worry." Debbie said between sniffles.



"You rest, dear. Don't worry about drawing my bath, I will do it myself." Finally she looked at me.



"Oh, you still here? You may go now. Don't worry, you did well. I am not going to give a bad report to your Mistress."



"Thank you, Mistress." I moved over and kissed her feet, ignoring her body smell.



As I got up to go, I thought of something.



"Debbie, here is something that may cheer you up. There is plenty of Mistress' piss on the plastic sheet we used last night. You may wish to lick it off. It is in the garbage can."



Debbie looked up at me daggers. "You spilled Mom's golden nectar, you spoiled the precious liquid? You did not lick it up and clean the sheet?"



She snuggled up to Mistress Dawn and looked up at her. "Mom, Melanie was very naughty. How come you did not punish her? You want to punish her now?"



I suddenly became scared. I was there when Mistress Dawn had spanked Heather, I knew how hard she could spank. However, to my relief, she held Debbie's face in her hand and told her



"Dear, Melanie is just a dumb blond, an airhead, she does not know any better. She is not an expert at drinking my piss, like you are. I took pity on her."



"Well, you know best, of course. But I think it was a mistaken kindness. I think she needs to be punished." She glared at me.



"It's OK, dear. Calm down. And never mind about the dirty plastic sheet, the piss must have become stale. I don't want my girl to get sick. Come with me to the bathroom, I will give you fresh nectar. I have got a lot stored up inside, my bladder is practically bursting."



"Thanks, Mom." She glared at me again.



"Go on Melanie, get out of here, before I change my mind." Mistress Dawn told me. I left hurriedly, gathering my clothes on the way out and not bothering to get dressed in their room. The last I saw them was Mistress walking to the bathroom, leading Debbie by the leash, with Debbie crawling behind her, staring at Mistress Dawn's ample ass and licking her lips, in anticipation of her treat.



6.



I got dressed hurriedly outside Mistress Dawn's room and went over to my Mistress' room. She was sitting in her bed, relaxing with a cup of coffee, having just finished her breakfast.



"Hello, kitten. Come over to mommy." I practically ran over and fell into her arms. "So, how was your night, dear?" She asked, kissing me and stroking my hair. I could smell coffee on her breath. "Now tell mommy everything don't leave a thing out."



After the nightmare I has just been through, it was a delight to submit to my Mistress, to lose myself in her embrace.



"Oh, Mistress, it was horrible. Mistress Dawn smells so bad, I had to throw up." I said, sobbing. Of course, I told her everything, including my conversation with Debbie. Mistress sympathized with me.



"Oh, you poor dear. I bet your nipples and your breasts are sore."



"Yes ma'am, and bruised."



"But I am surprised, Dawn does not smell bad at all outside, in company of others."



"I don't know, may be she douses herself in perfume, or showers several times a day. But her pussy and ass stink something awful. And can you believe, Debbie actually likes her smell?"



"Well, each to his or her own, dear. We mustn't judge. Anyway, the pheromones in Dawn's bodily fluids may be what attracts Debbie to her." Mistress said, caressing my face.



Really, Mistress is so clever, why didn't I think of that?



"After all, you don't mind the smell of my pussy, ass, piss, sweat etc. And I am sure my breath is not the sweetest first thing in the morning."



"That is different, Mistress. I like anything that comes from your body."



"Oh, yes? How is that different?"



Of course, I had no answer to that. I looked down. When Mistress saw the confused look on my face, she held me even more tightly to her ample bosom.



"Don't worry your pretty little head about these things, darling. Such dumb, airhead logic is just what I expect from you." She raised my face by putting her fingers under my chin and kissed me lightly on the lips.



I am afraid I got carried away. When I am enjoying the company of my Mistress, when she is showering me with so much favor, it is sometimes so easy to forget the rules.



"Well I am glad I am your slave, Mistress. Mistress Dawn is such a total b.."



I realized my mistake. I immediately covered my mouth with my hand and looked up at the Mistress, horrified. I almost said the word 'bitch'. I was under strict orders not to use profane language, especially when referring to women. The Mistress gave me special permission for the sake of writing this manuscript, but while speaking, I was always under strict orders to preserve a proper decorum.



My Mistress immediately became severe. "Watch that potty mouth, young lady."



"I am sorry, Mistress, I really am."



"That is good, dear. But of course, you will have to be punished You didn't actually say 'bitch' (and Dawn is probably a bitch anyway), so that will reduce your punishment. But you were going to say it, so I will have you wash that potty mouth of yours with soap." I was relieved to hear that.



"But first, I am horny. That sissy, Sharon was totally useless. Can you believe, the bitch had never licked her mistress off while she was menstruating? At first, she totally refused to do it. It took a long punishment session with Ms. Whip (I knew which one she was referring to, and I felt sorry for poor Sharon) before she agreed to do it. And she did a poor job at that. She got blood all over her face, on the bed, on everything. My pussy isn't that bloody, my period is almost ending. And to top it off, she threw up on the bed, after bringing me to three climaxes. That got her another whipping. Then I had to get the maid to clean up everything in the dead of night."



"I am sorry you had such a bad night, Mistress. I really am, I was thinking of only myself. Is she badly hurt?"



"Oh, I stayed within the letter of the law, all right. But it will take her a long time to heal. When I was through whipping her, the blood from her ass, from the welts was mixed with my blood and that made me feel better. I will talk to Mistress Monique, her owner and believe me, she is definitely getting a bad report. I will also suggest to Monique that she start her slave on menstruation training, Sharon is seriously lacking in that area."



"So come on, use that talented tongue of yours on me." She lay down on her back.



"But what about mouth soaping, ma'am?"



"We will do that later. Hey wait a minute, I almost forgot." She go up with a wicked gleam in her eye. She took out a squeeze bottle from her cosmetic cabinet and came back to bed.



"Master Raymond gave this to me. He certainly has a wicked streak in him. This is a special soap." She parted her pussy lips and put two drops inside her (still slightly bloody) pussy. Then she squeezed two drops on her pussy hair and put away the bottle.



"Raymond puts it on his cock and orders his slave to give him a blow job, but there is no reason why it can't work the other way."



"Now come on, dear, lick me off. This way we can do pussy worship and mouth soaping at the same time. Raymond tells me the soap tastes extremely foul, but is totally harmless, so don't worry about swallowing it, it won't make you sick."



I moved up the bed, put my face in her pussy and tentatively took a lick. I recoiled immediately. It had a very bitter , pungent taste to it and a rank, putrid odor. I just love the smell and taste of my Mistress' pussy (even when she is menstruating), but I knew that this was going to be an ordeal.



However, mine not to question why. So I started licking and sucking her pussy in earnest, also nibbling on her clitoris gently. Soon her pussy was covered with pink foam (foam mixed with what blood was still left). I was surprised how much foam just a few drops of soap generated.



My Mistress had not told me how long this was to last, so I made it last about ten minutes (I did not want to make it too quick, if she thought I had not been punished enough, she would have given me more punishment). Soon she clutched my head in her hands, her moans increased in intensity and I knew she was close to climax. I gave a final flick to her clitoris, opened my mouth wide and held it covering her pussy lips.



She climaxed and her divine, frothy, bloody discharge entered my mouth. It was quite a concoction, her pussy juice, blood, perhaps some urine and of course, the foul smelling soap. I would have enjoyed it, if not for the soap, the soap spoiled everything.



She gave a sigh of contentment and resumed with what was left of her coffee. "Now, Melanie, clean me off, lick off the soap completely. When you are finished, I don't want to see a single soap bubble on my pussy."



It took a long time to clean off the soap completely, my saliva kept generating more foam. However, finally I was done. I placed a small kiss on her pussy lips and looked up at her. My mouth tasted (and I am sure smelled) terrible). Mistress was pleased.



"Now that is what I call a proper orgasm, not the pathetic ones that slut, Sharon tried to give me. You have a bad taste in your mouth, don't you?" I simply nodded at her.



"Well, I forbid you to wash your mouth. You may shower after I am finished with my bath. However, you are not allowed to wash neck up. Do you understand?"



"Well, yes, ma'am. But should I go mingle with people like this?"



"Certainly. The bad taste in your mouth will remind you of what you have done. If somebody comments on your bad breath just explain it, tell them the truth. It will slowly disappear over next 24 hours."



"OK. Mistress. But could I please make a request?"



"Sure."



"Next time, would you please give me a whipping, with Ms. Whip if you wish, rather than mouth soaping with that horrible thing?"



Mistress chuckled. "Master Raymond certainly knows his punishments, doesn't he? He told me you may say something like this. His slave has no choice, Raymond enjoys the slick, smooth feel of soap on his dick while slave Roberta sucks him off. He even tells me Roberta is slowly getting used to the taste and smell."



"But I am too soft for my own good. Well, I will think about it. Okay?"



"Thank you , Mistress." I kissed and licked her feet. That was all I could hope for.



"All right, that is enough, you sweet talker. You sure know how to suck up. As a reward, you may finish my leftovers, what is left on the plate."



On the plate there was half a muffin and some fruit. Also, there was what looked like a bit of chewed fruit mixed with saliva. I asked the Mistress about that.



"Oh, I found a hair in it. I am sure it was my hair, but I didn't like it, so I spat it out. You may want to eat that as well."



If it was her hair and the fruit came out of her mouth, certainly. I poked about the chewed fruit and sure enough, I saw a long hair in it. I ate her chewed fruit, along with her hair.



We were supposed to leave after lunch and we spent most of the morning packing. The final auction was going to take place just before lunch so we went down in time for that. Nobody commented upon my bad breath. Which was reasonable, come to think of it. A master or a mistress won't come anywhere near me to smell my breath and the slaves, well, those who got a whiff of my breath must have realized it had something to do with my Mistress. Only Roberta, Master Raymond's slave sniffed my breath and smiled at me knowingly.



It was a spirited and lively auction, with several masters and mistresses participating. The bidding started at 15,000 dollars and went up from there. This time, Heather was able to get several bids in, but she was quickly overtaken, Mistress Dawn also taking part actively. Finally, Heather bid 40,000 dollars and nobody seemed to bid higher than that, although I could see Mistress Dawn in deep thought.



Master Raymond looked disappointed. However, he had to get on with the auction. He started to&nbsp; bring down his gavel slowly, "Going, going,..."



Then he seemed to have second thought. "Oh, to hell with it. 45000 dollars."



A master spoke up. "What? You can't bid on your own orchids."



"And why not? Those are my orchids, I can do anything with them I damn well please."



"Oh, and if your bid is successful, I suppose you will pay 45000 dollars to yourself and transfer the possession of the orchid from yourself to yourself, is that it?"



Master Raymond drew himself up to his 5'8". "Sir, kindly remember that these are my orchids, this is my auction. I make the rules and if I make them as I go along, so what? I could do precisely what you are suggesting and nobody has the right to challenge me."



"But I am not going to do that. If my bid is successful, if nobody bids beyond 45000 dollars, I will transfer 45000 dollars from my account to Madam Mystica's account to be donated by her to her favorite charity. Is that OK with you, Mystica?"



"Certainly, I am sure World Vision will be glad to have that kind of money."



"Then that is settled. So we have a bid of 45000 dollars. Do I hear 50000?"



Mistress Dawn put up her hand and Heather sat back, dejected and in tears. My Mistress took her in her arms and comforted her. She seemed to have a soft spot for Heather, though I don't know why.



The auction ended at 50,000 dollars, with Mistress Dawn the proud owner.



"Are you going to cut up the orchid right now, Mom?" Debbie asked excitedly.



"Not now, dear. How long before the orchid opens up, Linda?"



"I would say 3 to 4 days."



"Then we will wait that long. If there is no diamond, at least we will get some money back by selling it."



"Do we have to, Mom? The flower is so pretty. Can't we keep it, please?"



"Perhaps, we will see, dear."



"Oh, thank you, Mom." Debbie's face showed that there was no doubt in her mind Mistress Dawn was going to keep the flower. I realized that for all her submissive character, Debbie could be manipulative when she wanted.



Just then we bumped into Mistress Monique and Sharon.



"So how did Sharon do, Linda? Did she misbehave? I see you tanned her behind properly."



"Oh, she was terrible, Monique. She really needs some training and discipline. She proceeded to tell Monique the whole sordid story.



Monique was apologetic. "I am sorry, dear. Perhaps you are right, she does need more training. You see, I haven't been in this lifestyle for long and Sharon is actually my husband. I just recently sissified him."



She moved closer to Linda so she could whisper to her. I could hear her, however. "You see, Linda, Sharon is, or rather was loaded, she was very rich. Recently I got her to sign over all her assets to me and give me the power of attorney over her affairs. Now I am very rich and she has nothing, is totally dependent upon me. So initially I am going easy on her. It won't last long."



"That explains it, Monique, you are too gentle with her. Start her on menstruation training, it will be good for her." She explained to Monique what that was.



Monique was intrigued. "It may be worth a try. We can start in about a week's time, I think." She looked at her husband and he flinched. He knew what he was in for. I gave Sharon a hug.



"Don't worry, dear, it's not that bad. I know from experience. You will even learn to like it." I kissed her on the cheek. Slaves are permitted to take liberties like this with other slaves.



"I am sorry, Linda. Please accept my apologies." Monique said loudly, no longer whispering. If a slave is not properly trained, it reflects badly on the Mistress. I am proud of the fact that whenever my Mistress has loaned me out, she never had any reason to be ashamed of me.



"That's all right, Monique You are just new at this. I will be happy to help you in any way I can, dear. I have catalogs of whips, canes, paddles etc. from several companies who sell such gear. Where do you live?"



It turned out that she also lived in UK. My Mistress and Mistress Monique agreed to get together at the earliest opportunity. They exchanged E mail addresses.



That was pretty much the end of the get together. My last memory of Heather is as she was going from one owner of the orchid to another, offering her card, begging them to let her know if they found the diamond. Due to some reason, nobody was interested in her phone number or E Mail address. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The End



This is where the narrative ended. Cheryl and I looked at each other. By now, Linda had had her pussy and ass worship and was again in the room besides us, sipping a cup of tea. Cheryl looked up at her.



"Well, an interesting story. But how is this a mystery?"



"Turn the page." Linda took a sip of her tea. Cheryl turned the page and this is what we saw:

_________________



Dear reader, I can now tell you that the whole thing was a con job, a confidence trick, a fraud. Can you guess who perpetrated the fraud and how? Turn the page for the solution.

_________________



"Well, Cheryl, how about it? Can you guess?" I was a bit miffed that Linda completely ignored me, didn't even entertain the possibility that I may be able to spot the fraud. 



I started to think about it, but I was totally at a loss. As I was racking my brain, Cheryl said to Linda



"I never guess. Well, Linda, reading the narrative, one cannot say that it is a fraud, it is difficult to spot that. But if you say that it is a fraud, then it's not difficult to figure out the nature of the fraud. Here is the solution." She scribbled a few lines on a piece of paper and passed it over to Linda. Did Cheryl peek at the end when I was not looking? I wondered.



"My God, Cheryl, it is amazing. You spotted it right away, I thought even you may need some time."



"I need time? Come on, Linda, you know me better than that. For somebody with my giant sized brain, this is small potatoes."&nbsp; I love Cheryl dearly, but modesty is not one of her virtues.



"Well dear, did you spot it?" Cheryl asked me, kissing me lightly on the lips.



"Not completely, no."



Of course Cheryl knows me very well by now. But she didn't say anything. She merely smiled.



"Well, let us turn the page and read together, shall we? Oh, dear, my coffee cup is empty."



"Let me summon Melanie." Linda said, reaching for the bell.



"It's not necessary, Linda. Cheryl dear, my cup is half full. You can have that. I am done with it." I said, taking a final sip from my cup and handing the cup to her. We turned over the page for the final chapter.



Epilog:



A few days after we returned to Scotland, I asked my Mistress for the permission to E mail Heather. I felt sorry for her loss and wanted to find out how she was doing. Since she was not a Domme, I didn't think Mistress would mind my contacting her. To my surprise, she forbade me to contact her.



"Mistress, may I please ask why? She is not a Domme, she was looking for a Mistress at the get together. I would like to let her know that I feel sorry for her, I sympathize. Could I E mail her, please?"



"Well, she is going to visit us soon, dear. In fact, day after tomorrow."



I was awash in girlish excitement.



"Is she all right, Mistress? Did she recover the diamond? Master Raymond wanted to get together with her, did they get together? Or did she find a female Domme? Please, please tell me."



"Whoa, down, girl. You will start hyperventilating. All your questions will be answered when she visits us. And yes, she did get together with Master Raymond, sort of. Both of us have appointment at the beauty salon tomorrow. I want you to look pretty for Heather. Now it is time for my foot worship. Why don't you get down on the floor beside me and start with my left foot?"



I was eagerly awaiting the arrival of Heather. My Mistress had ordered me to dress as a little girl. My Mistress has an enormous wardrobe for me, including many little girl clothes. She had set up a play pen for me and I was playing with my dolly in the playpen, asking Mistress from time to time whether it was yet time for Heather to arrive. Finally Mistress got tired of my chatter and stuck a pacifier into my mouth, which I promptly started to suck.



Finally, the door bell rang. I looked expectantly at Mistress. She simply nodded at me. I squealed with girlish excitement (when Mistress orders me to dress as a little girl, I do my utmost to play the part), threw down the pacifier, ran to the door and opened it.



I don't know what I expected. Mistress had told me that Heather was coming, so of course I was expecting her. Mistress had also said that Heather got together with Master Raymond, so I thought perhaps Master Raymond also may be coming, with Heather in his tow. But I was totally unprepared for what I saw.



There was Heather standing at the door, proud and tall, with Master Raymond dressed as a teenage bimbo. He (or perhaps I should say she) had a leash around her neck and Heather was holding the other end. Master Raymond was plainly her slave.



What surprised me even more was that Heather and Mistress embraced like old friends.



"Barbara dear. How are you?" Barbara? I thought her name was Heather.



"Come in, dear, come in. And how is your slave? How are you, Roxanne? Melanie, don't stand there with your mouth open like a post box. Shut the door and greet Mistress Barbara properly."



Mistress Barbara? It was all going over my head. But, a slave's is not to question why. I took her coat and kissed her both feet.



"Welcome to Mistress Linda's residence, ma'am."



"Melanie, little girl, you look shocked. Shall we fill her in, Linda."



"Oh, why not. She is such an airhead, that if we don't satisfy her curiosity she will forget everything else, her tiny brain will be filled with this mystery to the exclusion of everything else. Sit down Barbara. A drink?"



She rang for the maid. Mistress Barbara sat down and Roxanne (Master Raymond?) took her place on the floor besides her feet, her gaze fixed adoringly on Mistress Barbara's (I must stop thinking of her as Heather) face. Between Mistress Barbara and my Mistress, they filled me in.



Mistress and Barbara are good friends. Barbara is not rich like my Mistress and has to work for a living. Her activities took her away from home for a while and so I had not met Mistress Barbara before this (she did say I had met Mistress Barbara once, just after I became Mistress Linda's slave, but I don't remember that at all). She cooked up the con game long distance, with the Mistress.



My Mistress got the idea when she read about the remarkable orchid. Brilliant as she is, Mistress immediately saw the possibility of using the orchid to make some money. Since she had no need of money, she was in it for the sport. But Mistress Barbara is always looking for ways to make a quick buck.



When she was invited by Madam Mystica for the weekend get together, she persuaded Mystica to invite Mistress Barbara and Master Raymond (separately), telling her that Barbara (under the name of Heather) was looking for a sub.



Just as I used to be a high powered accounts executive before my Mistress enslaved me, Roxanne was an out of work actor before Mistress Barbara rescued her (by enslaving her). Somehow she had managed to suppress Roxanne's skills as an actor. For the purpose of the con game, Mistress Barbara used a password (this part is not quite clear to me, but for some reason, the Mistresses wouldn't explain to me in detail) and restored her acting talents.



Then she ordered Roxanne to attend the get together as Master Raymond. At the get together, he was mean and nasty to his Mistress, but loyalty to the Mistress comes first. If Mistress orders a slave to be mean and nasty to her, the slave will obey her.



I must say Roxanne must have been an excellent actor before her enslavement (I must have a long chat with her, if our Mistresses permit us). She had me (and everybody else for that matter) completely fooled, I never would have guessed there was anything between Master Raymond and Heather. I briefly wondered if she was really an out of work actor as Mistress Barbara said. She may well have been a very successful actor. Was there any successful actor who disappeared without a trace a few years ago? I shook my head, my brain was beginning to hurt.



My Mistress ordered the orchids, making sure that they will fold in a day or two, and took them along to the get together. The rest is, of course, history. Even after expenses, Mistress Barbara made a substantial profit on the deal.



"What about Roberta, Mistress? Is she your slave, too?" I asked Mistress Barbara.



"No, dear. Roberta was just an actress I hired for the purpose. She got a free trip to a tropical paradise, a weekend of sun and fun. She was partially in the know, we told her only what was needed for her to play her part. In return, she had to submit to light bondage. Of course, Master Raymond did not whip her, the welts on her body you saw during slave swap were painted on her body. She collected a handsome fee for her efforts."



"When you became Dawn's plaything for the evening, you had a long talk with her slave, Debbie. At that time she told you that Dawn thought she saw a bulge on one of the orchids. You told it to your Mistress and she told me. So I knew we could go for broke on the last orchid, raised the bidding fairly high. We knew Dawn won't quit."



"I must say during the last auction I had difficulty keeping a straight face. When Heather and Master Raymond were bidding against each other, it was really all Heather's (i.e. my) money, in effect I was bidding against myself."



"Of course, there was always the risk that Dawn may quit bidding, but from what you told your Mistress, Dawn apparently was quite sure that she saw the bulge, so I was fairly confident she would keep bidding."



"Anyway, it was a pleasure to fleece her for 50,000 dollars. After the way she tanned my hide, it was the least she could do. For a fat tub of lard, she is awfully strong, I swear I can still feel the pain in my behind sometimes." Mistress Barbara winced at the memory.



"Oh, dear. You were so clever, Mistress Barbara. Did you make a whole bunch of money?"



"Yes, I did, little one. Oh, that reminds me. Linda, here is your cut." She handed my Mistress an envelope.



"I don't need this, Barbara. You can keep my share. After all, you and your slave did all the work, I just watched the fun."



"Well, share and share alike. We agreed your cut will be five thousand dollars and here it is. Also I have included the two thousand that 'Master Raymond' offered you when he bought the orchids from you."



"Oh, all right." Mistress took the envelope. She bent down and took Roxanne's face in her hand.



"Roxanne, darling, here. This money is for your boob job. Give the money to your Mistress." She put the envelope in Roxanne's hand.



Roxanne took the envelope and asked her Mistress "Please, Goddess. Can I accept it? Mistress Linda gave it to me." He offered the envelope to Mistress Barbara.



She took the envelope from Roxanne. "Did you thank the nice lady, dear? Say thank you to the nice lady."



"Thank you , Mistress Linda. My hope is that Goddess will get me a boob job. If she so desires, of course." Roxanne added hastily, looking up at Mistress Barbara.



"That's a good sissy." Mistress Barbara kissed her slave on her forehead.



"Thanks, Linda. Now I really will be able to get her a boob job." Roxanne looked pleased at the prospect. I looked at my Mistress hopefully.



Mistress Barbara noticed my look and said "Linda, how about a boob job for your sissy? After all, she helped me a lot. If she had not found out from Debbie how eager Dawn was to bid on the orchid, I would never have been able to push Dawn to bid so high, to 50000 dollars."



Mistress looked down at me. :Would you like a boob job also, dear?"



"Yes, Mistress, very much so. Can I please have one huh, can I? Pretty please."



"Oh, why not. A boob job it is. Barbara, maybe we can get boob jobs for our slaves at the same time." My Mistress took Mistress Barbara in her arms and kissed her deeply on her mouth. However, Mistress Barbara disengaged herself from her embrace.



"Wait, Linda, darling. I forgot the most important part. Thanks for lending me your diamond. Here it is."



She produced the diamond which was in her necklace on the first day of the get together, and which was the subject of all those auctions.



"To think that this diamond was responsible for earning you so much money." Mistress took the diamond from Mistress Barbara.



"Now Melanie, get lost. You and Roxanne get together and do whatever it is you airheads do when you are alone together." She told me as they both disappeared in the direction of Mistress' bedroom, arms around each other's waists.



------------------------------------------------------



This was the end of the narrative. I took the piece of paper on which Cheryl had written the solution and read it. Although by now I know that Cheryl has a keen, brilliant analytical mind, I never cease to be amazed by her intellectual prowess. I looked at her adoringly.



"Cheryl, how did you know the solution instantly? You didn't peek at the solution when I wasn't looking, did you?"



Cheryl looked daggers at me. "Really, Jane. Such impertinence. I should spank you for that." Cheryl was kidding, of course. Our tastes do not run in that direction. Cheryl explained in more details.



"Heather (or Barbara) played her part very well. Her slave may be an actor but she is no slouch herself when it comes to acting. She went out of her way to offend, alienate most of the attendees. So when they learned that she had a misfortune, something bad had happened to her, everyone was happy, everyone readily believed it. Because everyone wanted to believe it. That is why nobody wondered why she was dressed to the nines for breakfast, with such an expensive piece of jewelry (which is really more suitable for dinner or a party) dangling from her neck."



"But the important fact is that we have only Heather's word that the diamond was swallowed up by an orchid, nobody actually saw it happen. But since nobody liked her, everybody was willing to believe her story. In actual fact none of the orchids contained the diamond, all the bidding was done on empty orchids."



"With the carefully staged confrontation between Heather and 'Master' Raymond, nobody was really surprised when Raymond wouldn't hand over the orchids to Heather, but decided to stick it&nbsp; to her. Nobody liked Heather, so no doubt everybody was rooting for Master Raymond. Human greed took care of the rest. Heather took advantage of the normal follies present in most of us."



"I would like to know how you deduced my involvement in it."&nbsp; Linda said.



"Well, if one starts with the premise that it is indeed a fraud, then one cannot really picture a fraud without involvement of both Heather and Raymond. So that part was easy, once I learned that it was a fraud."



"Then I remembered that you gave specific directions that orchids be arranged in a regular pentagon. If they had been arranged in a straight line, the fraud would have been almost impossible. Nobody would have believed that Heather did not know which orchid swallowed her diamond. But it becomes quite plausible if they are arranged in a pentagon. Then all of them could possibly reach out for food, meet in the same spot&nbsp; and it will be difficult to say which one snatched the diamond."



"So it was important that orchids be arranged in a pentagon and you gave specific instructions to that effect. So it was not at difficult to deduce that you were involved in it."



"So, did Melanie get her boob job?"



"Of course. Melanie and Roxanne are scheduled for the operation next week. I am going to make her a 36DD. By the way, would you ladies like to sample Melanie? I could send her to your bedroom, the two of you could spend the night with her. I am sure you will enjoy her. She is quite talented, I had her trained in the art of how to please a woman. She will be anxious to please you, if I tell her so."



Cheryl and I looked at each other. She seemed to read my mind (we do that often to each other) and spoke for both of us.



"No, thanks, Linda. That is not our cup of tea."



Linda shrugged. "Well, each to his own, I suppose."



"Well, that was a most entertaining evening. But if you will excuse us, we better call it a night. How about it, Jane dear?"



"Most certainly." I said as I got up with eager anticipation, snuggling up to Cheryl. She put her arm around me.



"Well, aren't you the horny babes. Have fun, you two. See you in the morning."



"Make it noon, rather than morning." Cheryl said, looking at me. I blushed (for a middle aged woman, I can still blush prettily, at least Cheryl tells me so).



"Oh, Cheryl, you are wicked." I said.



"Let us go to our bedroom and I will really show you how wicked I can be."&nbsp; She said as we made our way to the bedroom.



The End













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  akkano


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





