BDSM Library - Mistress April Part 1




Mistress April Part 1
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two on line contacts meet in real time where the Black Domme April makes her white sub submit.










v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


Mistress April Part 1



 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  1
  5
  2006-02-03T00:53:00Z
  2006-02-03T00:58:00Z
  1
  4161
  23718
   
  197
  55
  27824
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Mistress April Part 1

Sadie Jorjia&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

This story contains graphic
details of a sexual encounter between two
consenting women. If this offends you are you are to
young to be here simply
close this page.

To conclude my first adventure let me say that perhaps if I had this
experience later on in my escapades I might of
entertained the notion of
seeing her again. But besides leaving me extremely sore, it also left me
with my same desires unfulfilled. Although I had previously enjoyed the
sweet taste of a pussy, it had been in a mutual and very tame environment,
the spanking I had received greatly lacked the gusto I longed for, this
adventured had not featured either of them and so my quest continued.

And who I found was Mistress April, we&nbsp;weren't that close to each other
but
we did both live off the same interstate and I was thrilled by the fact that
she agreed me to meet me half way. Mistress April was much younger than me,
28 and very rough minded. The fact she was younger appealed to me a lot
because I knew women today felt freer and were more relaxed about their
sexuality. She lived in a larger town than me and through our emails I knew
she had a circle of friends whom she controlled. She wasn't really looking
and if she had been I don't think a white girl would have been her first
choice but I was relentless in my pursuit.

She had a young daughter and I have a son, on the morning selected she
dropped hers off at day care, I dropped mine off at
school and hit the
interstate. An hour and a half later I arrived at the selected hotel right
off exit 33. She had gotten the room already and so I located her car and 


knocked on the door in front of it. When it opened there she stood, slightly
shorter than me, not large but solid and she had her game plan all figured
out.

&quot;Well don't just stand there cunt, get your ass
in here and strip, now!&quot;
Then she reached out grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me inside.

&quot;Well you are white and you certainly are fat, but you know what that
means
cunt? More ass to whop up on and hair easier to grab,
guess it is lucky for
you I like both those things. But unless you want me to kick your worthless
ass and shove you back out that door I advise you get out of those clothes
now.&quot;

And so I did and quickly, she leaned over and picked up the trash can,
indicating I could store them there. Then she told me to turn around. I felt
her come up behind me and her hand caress my ass.

&quot;I love watching an ass jiggle when I beat it and I plan to make yours
dance
like Jell-O and wow a white ass, I can see my handy work.&quot; She got right
at
my ear. &quot;And then when you leave here and for days to come, you can look
at
your sorry white ass and see where Mistress April has been, your
gonna like
that, aren't you?&quot;

&quot;Sure&quot;, I mumbled.

Suddenly she yanked a handful of my hair and jerked my head back sharply.

&quot;Answer me correctly cunt or I'll pull it all
out.&quot;

And very quickly I said, &quot;Yes, ma'am.&quot;

The next thing I felt was something slipping around my neck and I knew it
was a collar.

&quot;Turn around whore, for the time we are here I own you, a piece of
worthless
white cunt, all mine and I will do to you what I
want, not only will you let
me, you will love it, you will beg for it and you will be thankful.&quot;

With that she reached down and grabbed a handful of my pubic hair and pulled
it so hard it brought me closer to her. Then she firmly squeezed my whole
cunt.

&quot;You do have a fat pussy hood, I am going to love
spanking that, and your 


big fat ass and sorry tits.&quot; As she spoke she reached up and attached a
leash to my collar and then gave it a firm yank.

&quot;On your knees cunt, remove my pants.&quot;

As I slide her jeans down over her hips, her glorious pussy appeared before
me, right at eye level. I couldn't help myself, I leaned it, my mouth
watered, I wanted to taste it so bad. But she was
quick to jerk on my
collar.

&quot;You have to earn the right whore, but you can smell it.&quot;

With that said she grabbed my face and pulled it into her pussy only
allowing my nose between the folds.

&quot;Inhale deep cunt, smell the prize, I kept it all
nice and nasty for you,
prove yourself worthy and maybe after you lick it clean, I'll let you taste
it again, now crawl your ass over to that bed and lay flat on your
stomach.&quot;
I obeyed.

Next I felt a sharp sting on the back of my legs.

&quot;Spread those legs wide, and keep them spread&quot;. she
ordered me, all the
while raining the crop down on them and no matter how wide I stretched she
continued to sting them and order them wider.

Then without introduction, she started spanking my ass with her open hand.

&quot;Oh fuck yeah, you got a nice jiggle whore and I gotta
tell you, my hands
makes a nice pattern on this fat white ass.&quot; It was all merely
uncomfortable
at first but it quickly started to feel good, my ass was made for spanking
and Mistress April knew just how to make it dance. I couldn't help but grind
my pussy into the mattress as it began to juice up.

But Mistress April was quick to let me know this was not about my pleasure,
but hers and hers was to inflict pain.&nbsp; So soon the hand contained a
paddle
and my pleasure met up with some pain. Till it got to a point where I wasn't
sure I could take anymore, but that appeared to be where Mistress April
wanted me, crying and begging her to have mercy.

&quot;That's right cunt, beg, cause
begging to me just means you want more, but 


not to worry there is more to come, when I get this ass nice and read and
hot to the touch, then I am going to fuck it.&quot;

Now she brought the paddle down in fury of blows, till suddenly I wasn't
begging just crying for mercy and then it stopped. She was lifting my head
up by my hair and pulling me off the bed. She grabbed my leash yanked it and
I felt the crop sting my legs.

&quot;Get over there against the wall.&quot;

The room we had was on the end and being early morning the hotel was about
empty. I suddenly remember an email where she said she wanted to fuck me up
against the wall, or better yet bang me up against the wall. Once at the
wall she flung me around.

&quot;Like my cock?&quot; she had a strapped on black cock and it was huge.
Before I
could respond she flung me back against the wall, my face pressed against
it.

&quot;Reach back and pull your fat ass cheeks apart.&quot;

&quot;Please no, not my ass, please not first.&quot; &gt; &gt; &quot;First,
again, last when ever
I please cunt and you will take it all, want it black
whore, well you are
fixing to get it, you can help yourself by spreading them or we can make
this more difficult, answer NOW!&quot;

&quot;Please&quot;, I started to beg but barely got the word out when she flung
me
face down back onto the bed and sat down hard on my back, once again the
paddled danced on my ass.

&quot;Please&quot;, I begged, &quot;okay, okay&quot;.

&quot;Sorry cunt no second
chances.&quot; At that the paddling ceased and I could hear
her doing something. She pulled my ass cheek back and suddenly I felt
something hot and intense.

&quot;Candle wax, I am gonna seal your sorry ass up
and then my cock is gonna
unseal it, then maybe next time I tell you to do something you will remember
whose the boss and do what your sorry white trash ass is suppose to, obey
me!&quot;

I wasn't sure which heat was the hottest, my blistered ass or the droplets 


of wax. Her fingernail scrapped my asshole as she pulled on it, I could tell
the candle was close and each drop fell in building yet another wall. I
feared she was going to let the whole candle burn down till suddenly she let
my ass check go and allowed to wax to drop on my flaming cheeks. I squirmed
beneath her, the heat on my already flaming ass was so
intense.

&quot;I am sorry Mistress, please, fuck my ass I will open it for you, please
stop this the pain .

&quot;That's right cunt beg, beg your Mistress to fuck your sorry ass, are you a
worthless piece of cunt?&quot;

&quot;Yes Mistress, yes!&quot;

&quot;What does a piece of trash deserve?&quot;

&quot;Her ass fucked Mistress, please I promise I will obey, please it hurts so
bad.&quot; With that she plunged the candle into my
ass, which although burnt
like hell only lasted a second as the flame went out. She jerked my leash
and I flew off the bed and then she slammed me into the wall. Before I could
react, her plastic cock was pressed into my ass, I went to reach back and
she grabbed my hair and smashed my face into the wall.

&quot;Put your hands on the wall cunt, you had your
chance, my cock will do the
work now and you will pay.&quot;

She pushed the strapped on cock with such force I could feel the wax shift
with in and the assault started. The beating had left my ass hot, sore and
sensitive, each time she thrust against me it started the fire all over
again. She plunged her cock in to me with force, over and over, banging my
head against the wall. It felt like she was tearing my insides apart, the
cock felt huge deep within me. She continue the
assault for what felt like
forever. Slinging names at me the whole time, telling me how I lived to
please her and I would please her. I had begged for this and I was going to
get it. And got it I did, I don't know how long it lasted but it certainly
felt like forever.

When she finally pulled out, she pressed herself hard against me. 



&quot;So how did my fat white whore like my black cock up her ass, your nice
red
fat ass, that jiggled so nicely under my blows, yeah bitch, I got off
beating that ass, and it is so nice and red, it was pink for awhile, but we
know pink is for sissy girls, your fat ass was made to wear red.&quot;

She rubbed her hands over my swollen ass cheeks, popped each cheek again
with her open hand.


&quot;On your knees, crawl to the sink.&quot; She
pulled on the leash and then I
realized it wasn't a collar at all but a chock collar and when she pulled it
taunt it tighten around my neck, so I made haste to get to the sink. Where
she yanked it again and told me to get up and turn around, she wanted me to
see her art work. Again her black hands roamed across my once white now
bright red ass.

&quot;Not a very deep shade of red is it, the color seems to be fading some,
not
to worry whore I will paint it again before you leave, yeah a piece of my
art work for you to have to remember your black Goddess by, won't last
forever though so I'll guess we will have to keep doing this. Matter or fact
before me you spanked your own ass, didn't you? Yeah I remember those
emails, begging a real black woman to save you from having to spank
yourself, and it wasn't just your ass you were spanking was it, whore?? WAS
IT?&quot; she shouted and jerked me by my hair. &quot;What else did your
pitiful piece
of white shit have to spank to feel good and dream about her black Goddess,
tell me or I'll beat you from head to toe and invite some friends to watch,
tell me cunt.&quot; She pulled harder on my hair till
my face was against hers.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &quot;My pussy and titties, Mistress.&quot;

&quot;What did you use cunt, your hand, a
paddle?&quot; she continue to pull on my
hair.

&quot; I had a narrow wooden back scratcher,
sometimes a wooden spoon, a belt.&quot; &gt;
&gt; She grabbed my pussy in her hand and squeezed it hard.

&quot;When you answer me, you use a title of respect, matter or fact, a
different 


one every time, and never the same one twice, lets see how good of a slave
you can really be, you want me to want to see you again, don't you, cunt?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Mistress I do.&quot; She twisted my pussy in her grip.

&quot;Wrong again whore, used it before, think fast.&quot; And she twisted my
pussy
even harder.

&quot;Yes, my Queen, I do.&quot; At that she pushed me face down onto the bed
and the
paddle reined down on ass, I was already so sore and tender I immediately
cried out.

&quot;Does it hurt your spongy white ass cunt?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Goddess.&quot;

&quot;And why are you going to take?&quot;

&quot;Because I want to please my Black Madam.&quot;

&quot;Get your knees.&quot; As I did she slide under me.
&quot;Not red enough but it still
has some heat, lower your ass onto my cock, I want to shove that wax into
next week's shit, and you better get all my cock in there slave, or we will
fill it back up with wax and then of course my cock.&quot;

I lowered my ass and felt her cock press against it. She grabbed my hair and
jerked my head back.

&quot;Don't waste time, there's plenty more things I need to use you for.&quot;
At
that I literally took the plunge and sat down hard on her cock, it almost
knocked the breath out of me. She then shoved me down flat on the bed and
began to fuck my ass with vengeance. With each plunge she pulled my hair
harder and my eyes filled with tears and rolled down my cheeks. Then she
stopped, let go of my hair and my face fell onto the bed. She pulled out and
I could tell she was removing her strap on.

&quot;Get up!&quot; It was hard for me to lift my body off the bed, but I stood
on
shaky legs. She took a thin mat out of her bag and placed it on the bed.

&quot;Get on the bed with your ass on that mat, it is nice and rough and
scratchy, should help keep the sting in your ass, you wouldn't want me to
have to start all over to get the color red I want, would you slut?&quot; 



&quot;No, your Highness.&quot; I was constantly searching my brain for more
adjectives
as I knew she would enjoy throwing questions at me till I fucked up.

&quot;I have to get some relief, so you need to get that disgusting face up in
this pussy, you will keep your face in my pussy, don't touch me with
anything else, no hands, I don't want you to breath anything but me, and it
should smell ripe, a sorry white piece of trash like you hasn't earned the
right to feast on my pussy clean, so I didn't bother to wash, or wipe after
I pissed, after all that is what you have been living for, the taste and
full flavor of my pussy and whore you better suck and lick for all you are
worth, because if you don't please my pussy I will beat yours till it is
hairless, do we have an understanding, you worthless cunt?&quot;

&quot;Yes, my Lady, I understand, I will work hard to please you, I
promise.&quot;

She swung her leg over my face. &quot;Lady, doesn't work for me cunt, I mean
would a lady piss on your face, I don't think so.&quot; And with that said she
let it go, her piss splashed all over my face, I hadn't been quick enough to
close my eyes and they stung. &gt; &gt; She pushed her pussy onto my mouth.

&quot;Don't waste it you sorry excuse of a slave, open your mouth, I am your
superior and you want all of me, so drink up, or next you will be eating my
shit.&quot;

That was something I never wanted to do and my attitude toward her piss flow
changed quickly, I not only opened my mouth my suck her flow into it. The
smell was overwhelming, but I had begged for this and I was determined to
experience it all.

Plus at long last here it was, I had dreamed of a black pussy on my face,
hell I had dreamed of getting me ass both spanked and fucked. Yes, she had
been rough, but she had come through on my dreams and so I ate her pussy up.
I sucked on her clit, pulled it deep into my mouth, back and forth like it
was a penis getting sucked and I could tell she was enjoying my efforts. She 


pulled up and put her hole onto the tip of my tongue.

&quot;I want that tongue up me deep whore, so I can fuck it hard, my pussy is
gonna fuck your face like it's a dick.&quot;

She came down hard on my face and I plunged my tongue deep into her, I
couldn't pull back so I swirled it around, I sucked and swallowed her
juices. She stayed tight on face soon I was having some trouble breathing
but as soon as I started to squirm she lifted up and then she bounced her
pussy off my face and tongue. She slammed it down hard and it really jarred
me but I continued to suck and tongue her smelly black pussy with all my
might. I wanted her to know I had meant all I said, I wanted to be her white
sex slave to use and abuse for her pleasure and I would work hard to please
her.

She settled again down on my face, I plunge my tongue into her and she
stayed down tight, I sucked and swirled my tongue deep within her. For a
while she stayed like that and very soon I found myself once again
struggling to catch my breath. But I found this was what she wanted, this
would trigger her orgasm.

&quot;That's right slut, breath nothing but me, come on, I want to feel you
struggling under me to breath, but forget my pussy's pleasure and yours
suffers.&quot;

It was getting hard to do both, and I could not help but struggle beneath
her to get some air. She reached back and grabbed a handful of pussy's hair
and pulled so hard I know some came out and even though I couldn't hardly
breath, I plunged my tongue deeper into her cunt, she
let go of my pussy and
her weight was again entirely on my face, I struggled harder but continue to
swirl my tongue and plunge it deep inside the walls of her cunt.
I feared I
wouldn't be able to take anymore when at that moment she lifted up and came
down hard on my face. To quick for me to catch my breath, but her orgasm was
coming and so she lifted again and I inhaled deeply, she was right all I
could breath or smell was her. I caught my breath
finally and worked for all 


I was worth to bring her off.

And she did. Her pussy exploded on my face, she smeared it all over my face
and I worked to grab her clit and sucked it into my mouth, as her orgasm
came and the juices flowed she continued to grind down on face.

Then she slide back and pulled my breast up between us, sitting on my rib
cage. She pinched my nipples, twisted them between her fingers. Never saying
a word she worked my breast over, pinching hard, lifting them up by the
nipples and shaking them. Holding on to my nipples with a pinch grip she
leaned back and pulled on them. Then she reached back and plunged her hand
into my pussy, scooped up some of my juices and brought her fingers to my
lips.

&quot;White pussy slime, suck my fingers and tell me how sorry white trash
pussy
slime taste compared to the cream of a black superior pussy, cunt.&quot;

I sucked her fingers, licked all my juices from them, when she removed them
I answered it.

&quot;It is disgusting, vile nothing compared to the rich cream of my Superior's
sweet, tasty, thick cream.&quot;

She got off the bed and instructed me to put my hands under me and then left
to go to the bathroom. When she came back she pulled one of my legs off the
side of the bed and secured it to the bed's leg, then she did the other one.
It was a large bed so I was spread open pretty wide. She lean down and
looked into my pussy. Then walked to the head of the bed and tighten the
choke collar on my neck, not too tight but I certainly felt it bite into my
skin.

&quot;Should you take your hands from under you, I will tighten the collar, every
time you remove them I will tighten it tighter. It's all about red cunt and
your titties are nothing but white, your pussy pink
and we just can't have
that can we, if you want it black then I gotta have
red.&quot;

With that said she produced a narrow leather strap, she jumped up on my
stomach and started flaring it on my breast. She pinched my nipple hard and 


twisted it, then kissed it with strap, how it stung, then she did the other
nipple, they were so hard I didn't know what hurt more their hardness or her
brutal attack on them. Then she got the crop and left criss-crosses
of red
all over both my tits. After what seem like forever, she return with the
strap and continued assaulting my breast. Tears rolled down my face. She
never took notice, she was on a mission. When she stopped beating on them
she mauled them in her hands. Slapped them with her open hand
over and over.

She got off the bed, giving her the ability to add more force and lashed
them over and over with the crop. My tears turned to crying. When
suddenly
she brought the crop down with a whistling force onto my pussy. It
lifted me
off the bed and my hands came out to support me, she lashed my pussy again
and yanked on the choke collar. I quickly put my hands back under me. She
returned to the leather strap, tearing at my breast flesh and then pop, pop
down on my pussy.

I wanted to beg her to stop, but decided if I stayed quiet it might end
sooner and it did, at least it did for my tits.

Once again she grabbed them in her hands and mauled them,
they were so sore
and sensitive that her manhandling of them was as brutal as the whipping.

&quot;Now my slutty white whore's
breast are red, but that stanky pussy is still
pink.&quot;

She brought the crop down on my pussy's fat hood, then grabbed it in her
hand and mauled it with more force than she had used on my tits. With a
handful of its hair she lifted the tender flesh up and twisted it then
spanked it with her open flat palm. Picking the crop back up, she lashed a
kiss on my enflamed pussy's hood, I was crying and moaning louder, pleases
and it hurts so bad.

But once again she was on a mission, this time the crop's lash landed on the
inside wall of my pussy, the sting burnt like hell and she repeated it over
and over, the pain was getting to me more than I could take or wanted. The 


crop turned into the strap and the hand and the crop and the strap again and
the hand. I continued to beg and plead and cry but I was beginning to think
this was a big a reward for her as my flesh flaming red. Then she stopped
and appeared at my face, I hadn't moved my hands from under me but she
tighten the choke collar any way.

&quot;Why did you take that beating, cunt, why did
you lay there and let me beat
the shit out of your titties?&quot; As she said that
she reached back and pinched
my nipples and twisted them.

&quot;They are a pretty red, and your pitiful pussy, why did you take the
whipping, turning it a sissy pink to a flaming red, why you disgusting piece
of white trash, did you let me beat you, like one would an animal, lash your
pussy with a leather strap, like slaves were beaten, why you worthless white
slut did you take such a beating.&quot;

&quot;To please you, to make you happy, to give you pleasure,
to show my worth to
you, in the hopes that I might be able to serve you again Mistress.&quot;

She slapped me across the face, &quot;Oops, used that one before.&quot;

&quot;I am sorry Master.&quot;

She loosen the choke collar and left me there while
she went and took a
shower. When she came out she instructed me to go and take a bath too. It
was hard as hell to pull my body off the bed but I knew better than to
disobey and although it stung I did as she instructed. No sooner had I
gotten into the shower when the curtain went back, she reached in and turned
the cold water off and left. I bathed away from the water but rinsed under
it quickly, assuming she would want to see my flesh red.

When I came out of the bathroom she was relaxing on the bed.

&quot;I will never beat you again as I did today, although I will beat you
again
and again and as often as I please. This was more a test than done for my
pleasure. I love nothing more than beating a sorry piece of cunt, I needed
to know how sincere you were about serving a superior black one, such as 


myself. I will give it to you whore, you took it well. Now I am going to
rest for 30 minutes, go stand in that corner and don't move till I allow you
to.&quot;


After the 30 minutes or maybe longer, how did I know, I hear her moving
around the room. Then I heard her say, come here cunt.

When I turned she was sitting on the side of the bed, her strapped on cock
sticking up between her legs.

&quot;Get that fat ass over here and lay across my lap.&quot;

Once I was over her lap she started caressing my ass checks, they were still
sore but not as sensitive. I felt her hand move between my legs and she
rubbed my pussy which was still very sore and sensitive, I flinched.

&quot;Pretty sore I bet, it will heal before I see you again, but this ass is
barely red any more, so I have to give it another spanking before I go, no
doubt I like whippin up on this fat white ass, I'll
expect you to come to me
for an ass whipping several times a month. Matter or fact next week I will
expect you to met me at the next exit, there is a rest
area there, woods are
a great place to give a sore white piece of trash a good ass beating. We
will get back on the details. Right now, I am going to beat my ass, which is
what your ass is, mine one more time, then fuck your cunt
with my cock.&quot;

She started the beating with her hand, her blows landed all over both my ass
cheeks. Then she picked up the paddle, she used it to concentrate on the
lower part of my ass, right above my legs. She brought the paddle up and
landed each blow firmly on one cheek and then another, she said she like the
way it made my whole ass jiggle. She ran her hands over my ass and shook my
cheeks and then used her hand again she spank her ass, I squirmed on her
lap. My ass was so sore but even at that my pussy was oozing juices, I could
feel the heat rising in my ass.

&quot;Now I am going to beat your ass nice and hard, I want it bright red and
on
fire, then I want you on your knees so I can fuck you from the back.&quot; 



And with that said she started beating my ass again, first with her hand,
she didn't miss an inch of my ass and her blows were hard and came in a
flurry, then came the paddle. I was really squirming now, it was painful on
an already sore ass, but I tried to control the squirming as I knew she
enjoyed it. She could swing that paddle and the blows filled the air with
loud whacks.

When she stopped she merely pushed me off her lap and I fell to the floor,
but I quickly got up and knelt on the bed. She plunged her cock into the
second I hit the bed, my pussy was so sore I cried out in pain, but she
showed no mercy. She pulled back far and thrust in with force, every plunge
she took jarred me. She fucked me harder than any man ever had and her cock
was bigger than any man's I had ever had.

Her body hit my sore ass every time she plowed her cock into me, I couldn't
help but slide up on the bed, till I felt my head bum the head board. She
worked hard back there and my pussy was filled with her black cock. All the
soreness was turning to pleasure and I was thrilled to have this young black
goddess plowing her strapped on huge black cock into my pussy and against my
ass both of which she had tenderized with both a wonderful beating and a
brutal whipping. I could tell she was a bout to come, I tried hard to hold
my place, but as her orgasm built she grabbed my hair and pulled me back
hard and when I thought she couldn't get in any deeper, she plunged in
further and deeper.

Without me realizing it she had undone her strap on, leaving it deep in my
pussy, she fell back on the bed. With her foot she kicked my ass.

&quot;Get that tongue in my pussy cunt, eat my black
pussy and drink all my
juices.&quot;

I dove into her pussy, sucking her clit, plunging my tongue up her hole. I
pulled her clit into my mouth and sucked it hard, swirled my tongue across
it, I could feel her orgasm building, I pushed my face deep into the walls 


of her cunt, when she came I sucked her cream from
her, she gushed and
gushed, it filled my mouth, ran down my chin, I stayed attached to her pussy
as she grind it down on my face cumming hard. I
sucked her dry, I wanted to
stay there and suck her wet again, but she pulled my face out of her pussy
by my hair.

&quot;Lay down on your back.&quot; As I did she pulled her cock from my pussy
and to
my surprise plunged it into my ass, I gasped from the pain. Then she sat on
my face.

&quot;Open your mouth wide.&quot; I can have my moments of stupidity as I
thought I
was going to taste her pussy again. But instead, she let out a stream of
piss, with my mouth I formed a seal over her cunt and
drank every drop, then
licked her clean.

She got up, yanked the cock from my ass, threw my clothes on the bed and
told me to get dressed. Once dressed she thanked me for the
day and told me
to wait for an email from her on our further plans. All
the while leading me
to the door. Once there she opened it and pushed me out before I could
turn
it was closed. The sun almost blinded me but I adjusted, got in my car and
headed home, and I have to admit I was hoping when I got there I would have
an email waiting for me.

Please send all suggestions, dirty letters or thoughts to Jorjia32 on Yahoo IM
or email.



&nbsp;

















v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


Mistress April Part-2 

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  1
  2
  2006-02-05T13:10:00Z
  2006-02-05T13:12:00Z
  1
  3731
  21272
   
  177
  49
  24954
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Mistress April Part-2 

&nbsp;

Name: Sadie Jorjia,

�Email: Jorjia32@yahoo.com



This story contains graphic details of sexual encounters between consenting
woman, if you don't enjoy stuff like this or are to
young to read it please
hit your back button.

Within a couple days of our encounter I received an email from Mistress
April instructing me to met her the next morning, at
the rest area down from
the hotel where we met.&nbsp; She had to make an emergence trip that would take
her that far down the interstate so why not stop for a little play time.

If she wasn't in her car I was to come to the bathroom.&nbsp; I assumed she
planned it that way because when I got there her car was there but she
wasn't in it.&nbsp; It wasn't much of a rest area, only a rest room area, on the
other side of the parking lot were a few scattered picnic tables, then
woods.&nbsp; There were a couple 18 wheelers parked in the truck area but I saw
no one else around.

There were three stalls in the rest room, I saw shoes
under the larger
handicap one.&nbsp; I knocked on the stalled and called Mistress April, then
pushed it open as she had instructed me to do in her email.&nbsp; But when the
stall door opened I found out quickly it wasn't Mistress April at all.&nbsp;
This
black woman was huge, not compared to me but compared to Mistress April, she
was at least 5'9, very solid, her jeans were unsnapped and open, a black
dildo, even larger than Mistress April's jutted out of her and seem to be
staring at me.&nbsp; I stood frozen, not sure what to do and of course I
couldn't
help but stare at her protruding cock.

It was like she sprung off the toilet and was on me before I could blink.
She backed me against the wall and pressed up against me.

&quot;Bitch you always walk in on women on the can, you sure seem to like what
you see.&quot; 



&quot;No, please I am truly sorry, I thought you were someone else, I'll go now,
I am really sorry for the intrusion.&quot;&nbsp; I tried to make my way around
her but
she wasn't budging.&nbsp; As a matter or fact she pressed me harder against the
wall.

&quot;So who you looking for??&nbsp; Mistress April??&nbsp; You her bitch,
whore?&quot;

Hoping the truth would satisfy her, I told her yes, I was and that she would
be very upset with me if I did not find her immediately.&nbsp; With that said
she
grabbed my arm and pulled me from the stall, pushing open the next stall's
door and then the next, no one else was there.

&quot;Seems your Mistress isn't looking too hard for you, put tell you what
slut,
you be nice to me and I'll help you find this Mistress April, now get on
your knees and suck my cock.&nbsp; I just love watching a white slut suck black
cock.&quot;

She had pushed me back against wall but not into the privacy of a stall.
She grabbed my nipples between her fingers and twisted them hard.&nbsp;
Mistress
April had instructed me not to wear any underclothes so this brute of a
woman had easy access.&nbsp; Then she pinched each nipple between her
fingernails
and twisted them with all her might, I quickly fell to my knees before her.
The black cock staring me straight in the face.&nbsp;
As I went down I gasped and
that was all the opening, no pun intended that she needed to ram her cock
deep within my mouth.

&quot;Oh yeah, look at that big long black dick fucking your nasty white
face.&nbsp; I
hear white girls love sucking dick and you are gonna
suck all of mine.&quot;
With that she rammed her cock into my mouth, with drew it to almost full
length and rammed in again, I was sure I was going to choke.&nbsp; She reached
down and grabbed my nipples again, pulling my titties
up roughly, swinging
them to and fro and then dropping them.

&quot;Slide my jeans down slut and grab my ass, push my black cock into your
white trashy mouth, let me know how much you love black dick.&quot;&nbsp; I was



struggling as it was and I knew I wouldn't be able to take anymore into my
mouth but I didn't see her letting up so I prayed the harder I worked the
sooner it would all be over.

I reached up and slide her jeans down, grabbed her ass and pulled her to me,
but I didn't use any of the force she had.

&quot;Harder, bitch, slam that dick into your mouth, or I'll do it for you,
still
think Mistress April would want you minus a few teeth!&quot;

That was about all the encouragement I needed, I caressed her ass cheeks and
pulled her hard into my mouth, then pulled all the way back, caught my
breath and slammed it in again, this went on for several minutes until she
decided she wanted control again.&nbsp; She slide her hands into my hair and
with
a vice grip, she bounced her fake cock off my face.&nbsp; Then taking handfuls
of
my hair she used my mouth like a cunt.&nbsp; She
smelt so strong, you could hear
the strapped on cock sloshing in her pussy juices, the heavy musky odor
filled my nostrils, mixed with her sweat it was
overwhelming.&nbsp; She continued
her assault on my face till my lips felt numb, my mouth and jaw ached.

&quot;So white whore's do like sucking black cocks, I hear they like sucking
out
assholes too, especially nasty ones, I've been driving for days with no
break for a bath, how about you show me what a nasty white slut you are and
clean my asshole for me,&nbsp; and I'll be sure to let
Mistress April know how
nice you were to Lulu.&quot;

I was simply thankful she had released my head and hair.&nbsp; But received no
break as she spun around, bent over and shoved her ass at my face.

&quot;Now spread those cheeks nice and wide, I want your lily white face up the
way up my black ass, if I have to do it for you then I will also have to
punish you and tell Mistress April how you disappointed me and being a
sister I am sure she wouldn't like that.&quot;

I reached up and spread her solid cheeks, the smell was overwhelming and


rank, she not only hadn't bathe but I couldn't help but wonder if she
even
cleaned after a shit.&nbsp; I wasn't sure I could do this and I loved sucking
assholes.&nbsp; I couldn't help but hesitate and of course she noticed.&nbsp;
She
thrust her hips back and my face was between her ass cheeks.&nbsp; Then it
dawned
on me, I hadn't mentioned that Mistress April was also black, how did she
know this.

&quot;Get your tongue in there now you filthy whore, or I'll beat your ass and
make you wish you had.&quot;

I decided the best thing was to get busy and get this over with and so I
started tonguing her ass out.&nbsp; It tasted vile but I hoped that if I
hurried
the taste would be gone and it wouldn't be so bad and so I licked and
licked, long strokes up and down her crack.&nbsp; I stuck the tip of my tongue
into her ass and twirled it around, then darted in and out of her puckered
brown hole.&nbsp; I could hear her moaning above me.

&quot;So filthy white whores do like sucking black ass, damn girl you are
getting
me all horny, I think I need to find this Mistress April and work out a
deal.&quot;

Then another voice boomed in the bathroom.

&quot;So there you are, you sorry white cunt, with
your filthy face up another
woman's ass, so what do you think Lulu of my piece of fat white trash?&quot;

I was only slightly stunned, it had crossed my mind when her car was there
and she wasn't, when Lulu had mentioned her being black although I had said
nothing, that these two were in on this
together.&nbsp; An together they were,
Mistress April moved toward Lulu who greeted her with a deep kiss, I took
the moment to recoup.

&quot;Oh yeah, girlfriend we are going to have some fun, you got everything set
up?&quot;&nbsp; Lulu asked.

&quot;All ready just waiting on us,&quot; Mistress April said as she approached
me,
reaching down she slipped the choke collar over my head and around my neck,
yanking it tightly she ordered me on my feet.&nbsp; Lulu was readjusting her


jeans as I stood.

Mistress April reached into my pants and roughly gouged her fingers into my
moist pussy.
She turned to Lulu, &quot;Check it out, I think she
liked your style.&quot;

Lulu approached me, &quot;Honey she loved the black cock and about ate up my
nasty asshole, you got a real slut here.&quot;&nbsp; Then she too reached
inside my
pants and roughly felt within the folds of my pussy.&nbsp; As she did Mistress
April put her fingers to my lips to clean.

When Lulu removed her fingers she surprised me by inserting them into her
mouth and lapping them clean.

&quot;Hairy and tasty, just like I like them, come on girl I am ready to teach
this white cunt some tricks.&quot;&nbsp; Mistress
April pulled on my leash and we all
exited the bathroom.&nbsp; I couldn't help but fear someone would be outside
and
see me being led by a collar and leash by these two black women but nothing
had changed except that the other truck that had been parked was gone and
Mistress April had moved her car close to a picnic table right at the edge
of the woods.

They chatted and plotted while we walked, when we got behind her car, we
stopped and Mistress April told me to remove my clothes and leave them on
the blanket she had spread out beside her car.&nbsp; She didn't remove the
collar
and leash as she had instructed me to wear a shirt that buttoned down the
front.&nbsp; Her and Lulu leaned against the car and watched as I
disrobed.&nbsp; It
had been right at a week since our first meeting and I had healed fairly
well, at least my breast and pussy had, she told me to turn around and I
knew she would appreciated the slight bruises that remained on my ass from
her paddle and hand.

Standing there naked I was really beginning to fear someone would pull in
and see me or perhaps rescue me, but no one came and soon I was being led
into the woods.&nbsp; As we walked Lulu would reach out and rub her hands over
my
ass cheeks, Mistress stopped a couple times and told her to watch how my 


nice fat white ass jiggled and popped my ass with her open hand.&nbsp; I didn't
seem to be able to stop myself, each slap to my ass made my pussy ooze.

We reached a small clearing where I saw some rope and a few other things in
a pile on the ground.&nbsp; Mistress reached up and removed the leash from my
collar.


&quot;Go and find me a switch,&nbsp; make it a good
one, if I am not happy with&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;it, you will be very unhappy.&quot;&nbsp; She and Lulu laughed
together.

I knew better than to pick out a weak one, so as much as I didn't like&nbsp;
my&nbsp;choice, Mistress seemed pleased with it.

&quot;So my fat white whore wants to please her Mistress and her friend, very
good choice cunt, now go and wrap your arms around
that tree.&quot;

She pointed out a tree with heavy bark but not overly wide, I managed to get
my arms almost completely around it but not quite.&nbsp; Then Lulu rammed into
my
back, almost knocking the breath from me while Mistress walked around and
used the rope to firmly tie my hands together.&nbsp; Any movement on my part
and
the tree's bark would scrape my breast as they were flattened into the tree.
&nbsp; Then I felt Lulu's knee between my legs.

&quot;Spread `um wide whore, press that pussy hard against the
bark.&quot;&nbsp; I felt her
kneecap pressing into my pussy as I attempted to snuggle closer to the tree.
&nbsp; I was surprised by how tight my arms were bound and feared I would slip
down.&nbsp; Lulu kept her knees deep within me as Mistress tied another rope
around my ankle and pulled my leg out tying the other end of the rope to a
stack in the ground, once finished she did the other side, I was still on my
feet but barely.

I felt Mistress April move behind me.

&quot;No white cunt is worthy of a black Mistress,
let alone two black women to
please, so every time we met I must, as I did the first time, make you
worthy, the only way to make a sorry ass white piece of trash worthy of a
black Goddess is to beat her sorry ass and have her beg for the privilege of 


serving a superior as all blacks are superior to one such as you, am I right
cunt?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Mistress, you are right, I am unworthy please make
me worthy so that I
might feast within your superior black pussy.&quot;&nbsp; I knew just what to
say to
Mistress April&nbsp; and loved the way she dominated
me into it.

Then she began the spanking, with her open palm she laid one blow and then
another across my ass.&nbsp; There wasn't an inch of my ass she missed.

Then she stopped and rubbed her hand over my glowing ass cheeks.

&quot;Isn't that a lovely pattern, Lulu, I love the look of my handprint on my
whore's sorry fat white ass.&nbsp; Come one, give her a few whacks, we can
compare handprints.&quot;

Lulu really seemed to get off on this, her blows were much harsher and she
seemed to enjoy striking the same place over and over, then finding another
spot and starting the attack again.&nbsp; Mistress April walked up to stop her.

&quot;Nice job Lulu, her ass is getting to a shade of red, now let's see if my
paddle can't darken it a little more.&quot;

Mistress loved to use the paddle on the bottom of my ass,
her blows came
from below and struck up making my whole ass jiggle, just like she liked it.
&nbsp; But at the same time they jarred me up and the rough bark tore at my
tender breast.&nbsp; Then Mistress picked up the pace, using the paddle to tan
my
whole ass.

&quot;Oh yeah girl that's the way, that white ass is red now.&quot;&nbsp; Lulu
urged her
own.

&quot;Red and hot, come cut her down.&quot;&nbsp; I was certainly beaten but
not defeated.
Although I wasn't cure which ached more my ass or my tits from the tree
barking they had received.

Now Mistress had the switch I had gotten for her and we was
walking around
me.&nbsp; She began to remind me of an email I had written her where I talked
about wanting to be held firmly by the arm and have my legs switched while I
danced around, much as I had done as a child, now she aimed to please and 


grant my wish.

She held my upper arm firmly and began to lash the switch across my legs, I
hopped and danced around best that I could to avoid the stings.

&quot;Damn, slut, you jiggle all over like this, I am really enjoying this, swat
down some.&quot;

I did as she instructed and felt the lash kiss the inside of my thighs, it
sent a sharp tingle through me, till it landed on my pussy lips, after a
couple strikes she pulled me back up and laid the switch across my ass.

&quot;Oh, wow, what a jiggle this causes, make you hot Lulu?&quot;

&quot;Damn right,&quot; the bigger woman said, getting up and approaching us.

&quot;Hand me the paddle, I want that ass nice and hot,&quot; with that she
used the
paddle to redden my ass some more.&nbsp; It really stung and I continued to try
and dance away from her.
But she held on tightly and spun me around.


&quot;Spread those legs, I wanna heat up this sorry
ass pussy too, Lulu and I got
something for both ends,&quot; they got a nice laugh out of that remark as
Mistress literally paddled the fat hood of my pussy.&nbsp; After about 10 blows
she dropped the paddle and told Lulu to lay down on the blanket that
suddenly seem to appear out of no where.

&quot;Straddle her and lower that tenderized sorry pussy onto her
cock.&quot;&nbsp; It was
the first time I had noticed Lulu was now nude.&nbsp; She had wide hips and
large
breast, the cock seem to protrude a foot above her.&nbsp; I squat gently but
suddenly felt Mistress' hands on my shoulders as she shoved me on Lulu's
massive cock.&nbsp; My pussy throbbed but I was so juiced up it slide right in.

Then I felt Mistress April approach me from the back.

&quot;Pull her down Lulu so I can get to the fat ass, I didn't beat it red for
nothing.&quot;

Lulu pulled me down onto her, my breast flatten
against hers when I suddenly
felt Mistress April plunge her strapped on cock deep into my ass.&nbsp; I was
filled to the hilt.&nbsp; Lulu in returned put her hands on my shoulders and 


thrust me all the way down on Mistress' cock, I gasp from the intrusion.

Mistress pulled me straight up by my hair, Lulu reached up and grabbed my
breast, she mauled them while both picked up their rhythm and started to
fuck me long and deep, both cavities filled to overflowing.&nbsp; Mistress
reached back up and attached the leash to the choke collar, then leaned back
pulling on it as she thrust her plastic dick deeper and deeper into me.&nbsp;
The
collar pulled tight as I felt suspended in air.&nbsp; All the while Lulu thrust
her cock up into me and continued the assault on my tits.&nbsp; Finally resorting
to slapping them with her open palms.&nbsp; I heard a snap and suddenly
a smaller
version of the switch appeared in Lulu's hand, she showed no mercy as she
lashed it across my tits.&nbsp; Mistress dropped the leash and grabbed a
handful
of my hair, the pain was running a close race with the pleasure and at times
the pain was winning out.&nbsp; I could tell Mistress was working herself up
when
finally she pulled out of me and instructed Lulu to move around and start
fucking my ass, she need her pussy eaten now.&nbsp; I didn't think much about
it
but Lulu seemed to obey Mistress April as well as I did.

And Lulu also showed great enthusiasm for attacking my ass, she plunged her
cock deep within in, with more force than she had used in the rest room, I
almost fell on my face.&nbsp; But Mistress had gotten on her hands and knees
and
was backing up to me.

&quot;Eat my asshole out first, I want to feel your tongue all the way inside
it,
or I will instruct Lulu to start beating that ass again.&quot;&nbsp; It was the
first
time Mistress had offered her ass to me and I was thrilled, I plunged in and
slurped it up.&nbsp; I wiggled my tongue into her bum hole and thrust it
deep.&nbsp; I
know longer cared about Lulu's assault on my ass I only wanted to please my
Mistress' ass.&nbsp; I worked my tongue deep with her, I sucked on her bum hole
and pulled it into my mouth, I sucked as hard as I had any
cock in my life 


including Lulu's.&nbsp; I could Mistress was enjoying my efforts.&nbsp;
I licked up
and down her crack with full long swipes, never moving too far away from her
asshole.&nbsp; I darted my tongue in and out of it and then thrust it in
deep.&nbsp; I
stayed in deep, swirling my tongue deep within her and then sucking again
hard on her bum hole.

&quot;Finish up back there Lulu I need to get off.&quot;&nbsp; When I hear
Mistress say
this I allowed my tongue to move ever so slightly downward in a tease to her
pussy.&nbsp; Suddenly she was gone.&nbsp; She grabbed my hair and jerked my
head back
so hard I thought it would snap.&nbsp; Lulu had gotten up quickly and was
removing her strapped on cock.&nbsp; Then Mistress began to rein the paddle
down
on my already tender ass in a flurry of blows and with more intensity than
ever before, never letting go of my hair.

&quot;You never touch my pussy with your tongue after eating my asshole out and
especially after sucking the asshole of a nasty slave stank like Lulu until
its been clean&quot;, she shouted at me, yanking my hair harder and never
missing
a blow to my ass with the paddle.

&quot;Yes, Ma'am, I sorry, I am so sorry, &quot; I cried out, suddenly
realizing that
Lulu was also a slave, was she also a personal slave of Mistress April?

&quot;Get that nasty pussy of yours under this stupid fat whore's mouth Lulu,
she
needs to learn a lesson or two on how to properly care for a superior black
woman, and all black women are superior to her, including you.&quot;

When Lulu got under me Mistress let go of my hair and my face fell into
Lulu's very smelly cunt, the odor almost made me reek
and I found no relief.
&nbsp; Lulu grabbed my head and held my face tight within the fold of her
pussy.

&quot;Lick it bitch!&quot;&nbsp; she hollered at
me.&nbsp; This started Mistress' rein on my ass
all over again and the pleasure a spanking had once given me turned into an
almost brutal beating.

&quot;That's right you sorry ass white cunt, lick
Lulu's pussy till she cums all 


over your face or I'll beat your ass till it bleeds, you don't want to have
to learn this lesson again, do you?&quot;

It took everything I could muster but once again I decided to get on with it
in order for this terrible ordeal to come to an end.&nbsp; So I licked her
stinking pussy for all I was worth, after all her grip on me told me I
wasn't going anywhere till she came.&nbsp; Finally Mistress stopped her assault
on my ass and commanded Lulu to work my face as fast as she could in order
to cum or she wouldn't be coming at all.

And so Lulu did, she rubbed my face all within the walls of her pussy,
holler at me to lick her clit, to suck it, even to bite it.&nbsp; With the
smell
and all her juices it was hard to hold on to her clit for too long but Lulu
had the vice lock on me and soon she was moaning and squirt more juices all
over my face.&nbsp; I could hear the switch whistle through the air and I
braced
myself but the blow never came, instead it was Lulu who felt the fury of her
lash.&nbsp; She brought the switch down at least a dozen times, hitting her
anywhere she could reach, then ordered her to go and sit at my feet.

Mistress sat down on the blanket in front of me and ordered Lulu to pull my
face up by my hair, I thought she would tear my hair
out by the roots.&nbsp; Then
a splash of hot water hit my face, again and again, I never figured out
where Mistress got hot water from unless she had it in a thermos somewhere,
then she scrubbed my face with a rag, finally making me gargle and then
swallow something that was extremely foul tasting and this time I did gag.

&quot;Throw up cunt and you eat it.&quot;&nbsp; I
managed to swallow and kept it down.
Then she handed me a cup and told me to drink, it was thank goodness water.

&quot;Lulu, play with this whore's cunt and ass,
finger it, lick, suck, bite
whatever you please while she services my most beautiful pussy, but my fat
white cunt, let Lulu distract you from me and I'll
tie your ass to the tree 


again, beat you to a pulp and leave you there.&quot;

Mistress had made me get off the blanket, she rolled one end as a pillow and
left enough for her to lay on, I was to lay on the
ground and Lulu no longer
seemed to matter to her.&nbsp; But before me laid her glorious pussy and I did
what I knew was expected of me.

&quot;Mistress, may I please suck your pussy, your glorious and superior
pussy.&quot;

&quot;You may sniff it slut but don't let your nose touch a hair on
it.&quot;&nbsp; And so
I eased up and sniffed her the best I could.

&quot;But please Mistress I long to bury my face within it, please allow me to
suck it till your juices run all over my face and then suck it dry and wet
again.&quot;

&quot;You may lick it only and only on the outside.&quot;&nbsp; As I moved in
to lick at
the hairs on her pussy I felt Lulu touch me from behind.&nbsp; She was
spreading
my ass cheeks and exploring my asshole with her fingers, one and then
another and yet another.&nbsp; Then she would pull them out, push one in deep and
roughly and then pop it out, it reminded me of a child with a new toy.

&quot;Please Mistress,&quot; I begged, &quot;I long to taste you, I only want
to breath
you.&quot;

&quot;Very well worthless white piece of shit, bring me pleasure or I'll have
Lulu show you pain.&quot;

With that I dove in between her pussy lips and suck her juices into my
mouth, her taste was divine compared to Lulu's.&nbsp; I lapped and slurped up
all
the juices I could and then began to work her clit, teasing it with my
tongue, swirling all around it.&nbsp; Lulu kept up her exploration of my
asshole,
some times thrusting in so hard I felt myself move deeper into Mistress'
pussy's walls.&nbsp; I suck her clit into my mouth like a miniature cock and
brought it deep into the moisture of my lips.&nbsp; I stuck my tongue out far
and
lapped from close to her asshole all the way up to her clit, nibbling on it
at times.

In the mean time Lulu moved to my pussy, pulling my lips apart and then 


releasing them, she seemed to delight in this action.&nbsp; Once and a while
she
pinched my pussy hood and then would suddenly thrust several fingers up me,
ramming them hard.&nbsp; Then she would pinch my clit and twist it.

Mistress had enjoyed her day and my mouth was doing its magic on her cunt.
She would grab my head and hold it, raise up and
thrust her pussy into my
mouth, fucking my face.&nbsp; To my sudden surprise I felt Lulu's mouth on me,
her tongue darting in and out of my asshole, biting my ass cheeks, sometimes
so hard I flinched.&nbsp; Then she buried her face between my cheeks and sucked
my asshole out, she was good and I returned the favor to Mistress, sucking
her clit for all my worth.

After a few hard plunges into my pussy with her fingers Lulu's tongue
started working my clit, I was ready to explode and Mistress was close.&nbsp; I
buried my face as wall up her cunt as I could and she
raised up and started
riding my face, soon her juices were spilling all over my face.&nbsp; She held
my
head still and smear my whole face with her wet juicy
pussy.&nbsp; Lulu was
sucking hard on my clit and biting it at times, I knew&nbsp;
I couldn't take any
more and exploded in her mouth, she hungrily lapped up all my juices. By
this time Mistress had recovered from her orgasm and was standing over me as
I came in Lulu's mouth.

I could feel the blow as she gave Lulu a mighty kick and then kicked me
square in the ass, I suppose for good measures she kicked me again deep into
my pussy.&nbsp; I fell flat on the ground moaning from the pain.

&quot;Turn over flat on your back cunt, you never cum
without my permission&quot;, at
that she squatted over me and pissed all over my face and onto my breast
that burned from the sting.

She placed the choke collar around Lulu's neck and attached the leash,
yanking it they walked out of the woods and were gone.&nbsp; It took me a few
minutes not only to regroup but to realize my clothes had been left back at
her car.



Please send any comments, or suggestions or just plain dirty thoughts to
jorjia32@yahoo.com,
thanks everyone!




















v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


Mistress April-Chapter 3




 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  1
  2
  2006-02-07T23:31:00Z
  2006-02-07T23:33:00Z
  1
  3569
  20347
   
  169
  47
  23869
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Mistress April-Chapter 3

Author: Sadie Jorjia&nbsp; Email: Jorjia32@yahoo.com


If you are too young to be reading this, PLEASE don't.&nbsp; This story
contains
graphic details of a sexual relationship between two consenting adults, if
you don't care for this type of reading, PLEASE leave.&nbsp; With that said, I
hope those who choose to read it enjoy it.&nbsp; Also many, many thanks to all
the letters of support, it means a lot.&nbsp; Please keep them coming;


Mistress April
Part 3

It was a couple weeks later before I met with Mistress April again.&nbsp; I had
some business in Atlanta which isn't far from where she lives and told her I
hoped that we could met being that I would be so
close.&nbsp; Since my business
would be concluded by mid-day and it was a Friday she asked if I would be
able to spend the night, so I worked it out where I could.&nbsp; Then she gave
me
the name and location of a hotel to check into that was close to midtown.
When I finished my dealings I called her to let her know I was headed to the
hotel and she said she would met me there within the
hour.

It wasn't hard to find the place and the place was nothing to brag about, a
strip motel that didn't offer many extras, there were very few cars in the
lot and I was relieved when the clerk offered me the last room on the end.
Although not the Hilton the room was clean, it even had a refrigerator in
it.&nbsp; I quickly took a bath and got prepared for my Mistress'
arrival.&nbsp; Which
per her instructions meant I was totally nude, except for the collar I
placed around my neck and the leash I secured to it, then hung the loop on
the doorknob outside, pushed the door closed and waited for her on all
fours.

It wasn't long before I heard a car pull in but then to my dismay it opened
the door to the room next door, great I thought someone would be listening
in.&nbsp; But soon after they arrived next door I heard them come out
again.&nbsp; A 


few minutes later I felt the leash tense and the door open, I kept my eyes
cast downward.&nbsp; Then felt a hard jerk on the leash that spun me around
into
the room.

&quot;Now that is a good slut, collared, leash, on her knees, fat white ass in
the air,&quot; it was then I felt Mistress April rub her hands across my ass,
&quot;
and not a mark on it, just waitin' for Mistress April to give it some
color.&quot;

With that said she popped my ass with her flat opened palm, one cheek and
then the other.&nbsp; Then ran her hand down the crack of my ass and between my
legs where she grabbed a handful of my pussy and squeezed hard.&nbsp; I let out
a
small gasp.&nbsp; Then her fingers plunged into me, when she pulled them out
she
brought them to my face and lips.

&quot;So just the thought of me has you all juiced up,&quot; she thrust her
fingers to
my lips, &quot;suck these vile juices off my fingers, see how disgusting a
piece
of white trash taste.&quot;&nbsp; I did as she commanded,
she pushed her fingers into
my mouth sharply and once again assaulted my ass with the crisp blows of her
hand.

When she stopped she instructed me to undress her, fold her clothes and lay
them on the chair.&nbsp; Once I finished she laid back on the bed, with her
butt
close to the edge, her legs bent and feet on the bed, her dark black pussy
laid opened before me.&nbsp; She yanked hard on the leash, pulling my face
between her legs.

&quot;That's right slut, look at that hot black pussy, I want you to eat that
thing, bury your face up inside it, taste a real woman, I
want to see my
juices all over your face.&nbsp; I want you to make me cum, hard and
when you get
it all nice and wet I want my piece of white trash cunt to lick it dry.&nbsp;
Do
a good job and I'll give you one grand ass beating, fuck up and I'll give
you one hell of a whipping!&quot;

She laid back on the bed and spread her legs further
open.&nbsp; The black folds
of her cunt barely hid her shinny clit, that peaked
out and beckoned me.&nbsp; I 


extended my tongue and ran it from close to her asshole to the top of her
slit.&nbsp; I ran the tip between each fold, flicked her clit.&nbsp; I moved in
closer
and ran my tongue in and out of her hole, then sucked it, gently at first
then with some pressure, nibbling my way back up to her clit.&nbsp; When I
reached her clit I sucked it into my mouth, swirled my tongue around it,
pulled it in and out the wetness of my mouth like a miniature dick.

She reached down and grabbed handfuls of my hair and pulled me deeper into
her.&nbsp; I sucked and licked and sucked some more, she held my head there
never
lessening her grip.&nbsp; It became harder to breath
but I knew this was what she
wanted, so I began to struggling slightly, my gasping for breath only
massaged her clit more and I could feel things building within her.&nbsp; Soon
she exploded on my face, her cummy juices soaking it.&nbsp; Still holding me by
my hair she smeared my face all around inside her and once her orgasm
subsided some she released my face.

Then she raised her legs up and held them with her hands, exposing her black
bum hole.

&quot;Get that tongue in my ass whore, clean it out good!&quot;&nbsp; Before I
could react
she brought her leather strap down across my back, before she laid it down a
second time my tongue was probing her asshole.

I licked the sides of her anal tunnel, darted my tongue in and out of her
shit hole, then plunged it in deep, swirling it around.&nbsp; Pulling on her
legs
she bounced her ass up and down on my face, my tongue buried deep within
her.&nbsp; This seemed to go on and on, till finally she dropped her legs,
brought them around my head and pushed me even deeper with in her.&nbsp; After
several minutes she released my head and pushed me back with her foot.

&quot;Go wash your mouth out and rinse with hot water.&quot;&nbsp; I quickly
did as said
then returned to the foot of the bed.
Mistress April was sitting up against the headboard, she instructed me to
lay down across the bed on my back.&nbsp; Beside her
she had a bag of &quot;toys&quot;. 


She took out a small crop that had a single lash hanging from it.

&quot;Push those titties up from the sides, nipples high!&quot;

As quickly as I had done it she laid the lash on one nipple and then the
other.&nbsp; She was very good at it and knew just how to make the lash kiss
the
nipple.&nbsp; The stings grew more painful with each snap.&nbsp; Then she laid
the
crop down and picked up a narrow leather strap.&nbsp; This took full swings of
her arms and the pain radiated though out my breast.&nbsp; She stopped, reach
down and pinched each nipple, then she grabbed one pulled it up twisted it
cruelly and then did the other, afterwards she laid
several more blows to
each one.

Keeping the strap she raised up and lowered herself
onto my face, facing the
lower end of my body.&nbsp; She laid the strap down hard on my pussy hood and
then one thigh and the inside of the other.

&quot;Spread those legs cunt, you kissed my pussy now my little friend wants to
kiss yours.&quot;

I spread my legs but she continue her assault on my inner thighs, demanding
I spread them wider, all the while she was grinding her pussy down on my
face.&nbsp; Then the leather bite my pussy hood, over and over she brought it
down on my tender flesh.&nbsp; The whole time she slide
her pussy back and forth
across my face, fucking my face.&nbsp; Soon she retired the small strap for a
longer one that's lash kiss the tender insides of my pussy's walls.

This really hurt and I began to move frantically beneath her.&nbsp; But she
never
lessened the assault on either my pussy or my face as she was now bouncing
up and down on face, fucking it hard and the harder she fucked it the hard
she threw the strap and the more my pussy throbbed, till it started to feel
numb.&nbsp; Finally she tossed the strap aside, grabbed a handful of my swollen
pussy as an anchor and worked her pussy hard on my face as she came, once
again soaking my face with her juices.

Afterwards, she got up and pour some water through the
coffee maker, I 


noticed she added no coffee to it and then told me to follow her to the
bathroom where she instructed me to bath her.&nbsp; As I was doing so she told
me
her plans for the after noon.

&quot;First thing we do is get that fat white ass of yours red, then clean you
up, get dressed and take a little shopping trip.&quot;

I couldn't help but feel some apprehension about going out in public with
Mistress April, she had mentioned before in an email that I would service
her when and where ever she pleased, even if that meant a public place.&nbsp; I
was worried too about the water in the coffee maker as she had also
mentioned various ways she would use hot water on me.&nbsp; After I finished
bathing and drying her off Mistress slipped a bath robe on and told me to
give her my keys to the car.&nbsp; The wave of worry
washed over me again.&nbsp; She
took them and went outside, I wanted to go to the window and see what she
was doing but she had instructed me to wait for her return, bent over the
back of a chair, my ass pointing to the door she had left open.&nbsp; From the
sounds I assumed she locked my keys in her car, it didn't really matter, she
had them and I wouldn't be getting them back and until she decided I would.

When she came back in she opened the curtains slightly letting the sun in.

&quot;Damn, the sun glaring off that white ass I may have to put shades
on,&quot; she
chuckled as she said this appreciating her own humor.

Soon she was in front of me tying my hands to the arms of the chair, then my
legs to the legs of the chair.&nbsp; The back of the chair cut into my stomach
and all together I was in a very uncomfortable position.&nbsp; Once again she
rubbed her hands all over my ass cheeks, then began
the beating with her
flat open palm.&nbsp; It stung as she landed a blow on one ass cheek and then
the
other.&nbsp; Her assault moved to the bottom of my ass she swung her blows
upward
stinging the bottom of my ass.&nbsp; These blows made my ass quiver and jiggle
and delighted her as this was one of her favorite things. 



&quot;Let's step this up some, at this rate this fat white ass of yours will
never get red, let's see what other tools of pain for you and joy for me I
have,&quot; she reached in her bag and with excitement pulled out a wooden
paddle, &quot;this will help speed things along&quot;.

With the paddle she showed no mercy, she painted my whole ass with it, soon
the intensity turned to real pain and I began to beg her to show some mercy.

She paused only for a moment, &quot;Well my sorry slut, if your ass wasn't so
big
and so white, it wouldn't need such a beating, but seeing that you are a
piece of white trash who has done nothing but beg for a black Mistress to
worship, then I am afraid my sorry piece of cunt, you must be conditioned so
you will be worthy.&nbsp; A white ass just doesn't get it with Mistress April,
so
do you want me to finish or would you rather leave?&quot;

&quot;No, please Mistress, I am sorry, I want very much to be worthy of
you.&quot;

She landed four more wicked blows with the paddle on my already tender ass.

She grabbed me by my hair and pulled my face up to look into hers, &quot;And so
what will make you a worthy slave.&quot;

&quot;A red ass Mistress.&quot;&nbsp; I answered.

&quot;And how do you expect to get a red ass, when you are a sorry white ass
cunt?&quot;

&quot;With you beating my ass till it is red, Mistress April&quot;.

With that said she leaned across me and really tore into my ass, over and
over she brought the paddle down, with sharp blows, busting my ass, the
sound of the paddle making contact with my tender red ass filled the
room.
Quickly she laid 10-15 more blows over both my swollen ass cheeks.

&quot;You know what&quot;, she began, &quot;there is another way to get this
fat white ass
red, let's see if you like it any better.&quot;

She began to untie and all I could think was anything had to be better than
the beating my ass was taking.&nbsp; Not that I didn't enjoy a good ass
spanking, 


but this one had proceeded past the stage of enjoyment.&nbsp; Before she let me
up, she went once again to her bag of toys, I had no idea what she was
getting and for the time being I would have to wait to find out.&nbsp; She went
into the bathroom and got a couple of towels and laid them on the bed, then
instructed me to lay on the bed on my stomach with my
ass section on the
towels.&nbsp; To add a new twist to things she blindfolded me, stuffed her worn
panties into my mouth and tied my arms behind me, things were not looking
good.&nbsp; I heard her moving around the room but had no way of being able to
see what she was doing.&nbsp; Soon she returned to the bed and sat down on my
back facing my ass.

As soon as the pain hit me I tried to scream around the gag but found it
impossible to push from my mouth.&nbsp; I knew just what it was,
the hot water
she had poured through the coffee maker, now ran down my tortured ass
burning each welt as it slowly spread across my ass cheeks.&nbsp; I twisted and
turned, trying hard to toss her off of me.

She turned grabbed another handful of my hair and jerked my head back.

&quot;Now listen up sorry slut, you can either take this or I'll pour the whole
pot on your ass and then start beating it again, the choose is yours, but
take a moment here to think about how bad that paddle will feel on your
already tender ass that is now red hot and wet!&quot;&nbsp; She yanked the
panties
from my mouth.

&quot;Want me to finish the beating?&quot;

I could barely speak, and hell I wasn't even sure which was
the less of the
two evils, but I knew there was just so much hot water and the original
shock was over and so.

&quot;No, Mistress April, I will take the hot water.&quot;

&quot;And why is that whore? Why is your sorry white ass laying here red from a
beating with a strap, paddle and my big black hand getting hot water poured
over it,&quot; she yanked my hair again, &quot;tell Mistress April, why she is
sitting


on top of a white piece of trash, talk cunt!&quot;

&quot;Because I long to service and worship a black mistress, my ass needs to
be
beaten and red to be worthy of one such as you, Mistress.&quot;&nbsp; I tried
laying
it on.

She stuffed the panties back into my mouth, laughed out loud and delivered
another splash of hot water onto my ass.&nbsp; I reacted to the pain but sucked
it in the best I could, knowing the water wouldn't last forever.

&quot;I would say I am sorry but of course I am not, but I simply can't help
myself&quot;, these words came out of Mistress April's mouth as she dribbled
more
hot water on my ass and then struck me with her open hand, dribbled more
water and landed another blow on my very tender and sore ass.&nbsp; These blows
were the most painful and as hard as I tried I couldn't help but squirm and
twist beneath her.

&quot;Damn cunt that made it even better, watching that fat ass jiggling and
shake.&nbsp; We are going to have to do this again some time, start with a warm
up beating then hot water and me smacking that fat white ass,&quot; as she said
all this she got off my back and was kneeling beside me, at least the best I
could tell.

&quot;Okay, just a couple more, I need some of this water to clean you up, now
make your black goddess happy and giggle that sorry ass good.&quot;

The water splashed, the hand laid a blow and I couldn't help but squirm,
knowing it pleased her I added a few extra bounces in hope she would be
satisfy and conclude this torment.&nbsp; Altogether she landed five more blows,
my ass stung, radiated heat and I knew sitting would not be an ability I
would have for the next few days, hell maybe weeks.

&quot;Alright, damn I hate to stop that shit was fun, maybe before you&nbsp;
leave
tomorrow you will be well enough to take some more of that&quot;, I doubted it,
&quot;now to clean you up, I have a syringe here, pretty big one at that, so
let's get that pussy and ass cleaned out.&nbsp; Now listen up because this is 


very important, when I inject the water into your ass I am going to plug it,
it will be very wise of you to make sure that&nbsp; plug remains in your ass
until I take it out.&nbsp; You think this shit was painful, bitch you don't
know
nothing till you disobey an order I give.

She untied my hands and told me to pull my legs up under me, sticking my ass
into the air, then to reach back and spread my ass cheeks.&nbsp; It was hard
enough for me to reach back and pull my ass cheeks apart but even harder
when I went to touch them from not pulling back from the tenderness and
soreness.&nbsp; But struggling the best I could I reached back and separate my
ass.&nbsp; I was a little more relax anticipating this next move of Mistress
April's as by now surely the water wasn't as hot and who knew the warmth
might even feel good.&nbsp; I had never been more wrong, while she was talking
and I was rearranging she had placed the pot back on the burner and with so
little water left in it, it had heated up a lot.

Before she came back to me with the syringe she brought the small crop out
again and kissed my puckered asshole with it, I wasn't expecting it and
almost lost the grip on my ass cheeks, I was very thankful that I hadn't.

&quot;No point in your shit hole not feeling a sting or two and of course you
don't keep that ass separated then I can have some more fun with the water,
and I gotta tell you I enjoyed that shit a lot, oh yeah, you gonna be my
white sex slave, you'll be taking the hot water splash and my hand's sting a
lot, now doesn't it just warm your ass to know how well you are pleasing
your black Mistress.&quot;

She dance the crop between my ass cheeks, each time the sting laid squarely
on my bum hole, it quickly went from puckered to swollen.&nbsp; I never let go
although for a brief second it crossed my mind to just drop my arms and let
her enjoy but I truly didn't think my ass could of
taken much more. When the
crop stopped I felt her getting off the bed and soon felt the tip of the 


syringe against my enflamed asshole, but the moment was brief as she plunged
it in roughly and let the water go.&nbsp; The water was much hotter than I had
anticipated and I let go of my grip and gripped the bed.&nbsp; As I did I felt
her plunge the butt plug up my ass, it was huge and filled me to over
capacity, along with the water I doubted my ability to hold
it in until she
removed it.

&quot;You know whore, you love the treatment of your black goddess so much I
bet
you let go just to let me have a little more fun, or thought maybe the water
had cooled some, shit cunt I have enough sense to put it back on the burner.
&nbsp; And enough sense to make a sorry white trash cunt like you take all my
abuse and beg for more.&quot;

Perhaps because she knew the water was much hotter she did show some mercy
to my ass, dribbling and spanking my ass only twice after my infraction or
maybe even she knew how tortured my ass already was and she wanted to save
some for tomorrow or even later tonight, either way I couldn't help but feel
grateful.

&quot;Okay whore, now to thank you for that little extra fun I want you to roll
over on your back, spread those legs wide and bring that nasty snatch of
yours off, let me know when you are about to cum and I will have a big
surprise for you.&quot;

I really had to tighten my ass cheeks to keep the plug and water in as I
turned over, but I couldn't help but think if I was going to lose it, it
might be better here then later when we were out in public, although
silently I prayed she would remove the plug and allow me to go to the
bathroom before we left.&nbsp; I grimaced once I was on my back and my tender
ass
rubbed the rough towels.&nbsp; But I spread my legs and began fingering my clit,
knowing the sooner I got myself off the faster this would all end.

&quot;Damn, I wish I had a piece of sand paper to put under your ass, I will
have
to add that to the list.&nbsp; Now get on with it, it is disgusting to have to 


look at that nasty cunt of yours.&nbsp; And don't forget I have to know when
you
are about to cum, not when you do cum.&quot;

Even though much of the play had been torture I was very wet from all the
activity.&nbsp; It took two fingers just to get a little friction going on my
clit, but whether I came or not didn't much matter to me as I long as I lead
her to believe I would.&nbsp; I raised my ass up often to get some relief and
tighten my ass muscles in hopes of keeping the plug in.&nbsp; Soon things were
beginning to pay off and I was approaching that moment.

&quot;Oh yes Mistress April your white cunt slave is about to come for
you.&quot;

&quot;Remove your fingers, whore, NOW!&quot; she hollered at me and I obeyed.

As soon as they were removed she splashed my quivering pussy with a cup of
hot water.&nbsp; I squealed, drew my legs up and rolled over on the bed, still
maintaining a grip on the butt plug.&nbsp; Thus began another assault on me as
Mistress April brought the leather strap down on my legs and hips, ordering
me to lay back down and spread my legs.&nbsp; Too
exhausted to fight, I rolled
over, threw my arms down on the bed and like limp rags let my legs spread
open.&nbsp; She reached up and pulled the blindfold off and removed the gag.
Then she laid the leather on my pussy, it splattered down on my fat, wet
pussy hood, two, three four, I laid beneath it withering in pain and ecstasy
as I felt my orgasm gain new life, I wasn't sure if this would please
Mistress April or not and soon found out and she once again splashed my
swollen pussy with a cup of hot water.&nbsp; She quickly followed by plunging
the
syringe deep within me and my inside reek in pain as she released the
syringe full of hot water deep into me.

Afterwards she instructed me to go and remove the plug, use the bathroom,
wash it and then take a bath.&nbsp; When I came back into the room she was
dressed.&nbsp; She handed me a shirt of mine that buttoned down the front and a
pair of shorts of which I never knew where they came from, but were too 


small for me, she informed me I would be wearing them anyway.&nbsp; She removed
my collar and replaced it with a collar that looped around my neck, it had a
lease which was all one piece, when she pulled tightly on the leash it
tighten around my neck.

When we got out to the car she told me to get in the passenger seat and
secure the seat belt, once I did she took the leash and pulled it rather
tightly, brought it around the head rest then back out the window in the
back seat, rolling it up tight to secure it and me.&nbsp; Once in the driver's
seat she reached over and pulled on the part of the leash that was around
the head rest, I felt it tighten and she seemed to be pleased.&nbsp; Then she
unbuttoned my blouse and opened it, reach into the
glove compartment and
retrieved two clamps, placing them on my nipples.&nbsp; Leaving my blouse open
she cranked the car and we were off on our shopping trip.

The first place she went to was a home improvement store, once again silly
me thought I would be staying in the car, but not hardly.&nbsp; She took my
leash, reminded me to stay behind her and we headed into the store.
Although my shirt was still unbuttoned it was oversized and laid across my
clamped nipples, the leash hung between us but I stayed close enough to her
one would have had to look to see it, of course the collar was a different
fashion statement.

We went to the section containing sandpaper, without blinking she told me to
pull my shorts down.&nbsp; I wanted to hesitate but instantly thought better of
it, also the shirt was big and I knew it would cover my redden ass.&nbsp; A few
men mingled up and down the aisle, at first paying no attention.&nbsp; She
removed several different grits of paper and told me to lift my shirt off my
ass, gingerly I did.

She watched my face as she rubbed the paper over my tender ass and after
trying what seem like a coupe dozen settled on one.&nbsp; All the testing had
left my ass enflamed again.&nbsp; One man paused behind us to comment on what a



creative way that was to test sandpaper.&nbsp; Next she picked up some
rope.&nbsp; She
went on to seek some assistance in the vise department.&nbsp; My face glowed as
crimson as my ass as she explained to the assistant that her slave here had
a hard time keeping her ass cheeks spread when commanded to, was there
anything he could suggest.&nbsp; Perhaps it was the big city or his life style
but the assistant didn't even blink but instead lead Mistress April and me
of course over to a wall of grim looking hardware and made some suggestions.
&nbsp; Once she picked out what she wanted we checked out and repeated the car
seating arrangement.

The next stop was an adult toy store.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sadie Jorjia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





