BDSM Library - The Debauchery of a Young Housewife




The Debauchery of a Young Housewife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young Indian housewife has some wild desires






Asha was newly married to Rajesh Sinha, a young businessman, who had

his own auto-parts making factory in the outskirts of Delhi. They

lived in a big bungalow with Rajesh's parents. They had just returned

from their honeymoon. Asha a voluptuous women had been a virgin

before marriage, although she had indulged in heavy petting with a

few boys and her house servant. Luckily before she could go any

further her marriage was fixed. She was a lusty young woman with a

big body, heavy breasts and a tight arse. She had thouroughly enjoyed

her honeymoon and was fucked by her new hubby almost 3-4 times a day.

Now after coming to her new house she was slowly trying to adjust to

her new role as a housewife.



Being an extremely sexed and sexy person she was the target of all

the male friends relatives n servants in her new environment. Some

women lusted after her too. Asha loved the attention she was getting

and had sex on her mind a lot. Her husband Rajesh had to look after

his business and was away all day long n returned late at night very

tired. Asha's father-in-law felt rejuvenated on seeing such a

voluptuous n sexy woman in the house n would waste no opportunity to

be near her and fantasize about seeing her naked body. He longed to

fuck her and his prick was always in a state of readiness on seeing

her go about the household chores. He loved seeing her in her nighty

in the morning serving breakfast to the family as she bade farewell

to her husband for the day. Such ripe and heavy breasts on a slim n

fair body was a heavenly sight for the old man.

Oh he thought, how much I can teach this woman to feel pleasure if

only I had the opportunity. His mind started working to find ways to

create an opportunity for him to fuck her.



Asha was not oblivious to the intentions of her father-in-law. In

fact she loved the attention showered on her. Even Rajesh's young

cousins would drop in during the day to see her with lustful

intentions. One of them called Sushil was a tall handsome fellow

employed in the Indian Army n was on leave for 3 weeks. He was a

rogue, in that, he had fucked many girls n seduced many housewives.

He was a bachelor about 35 years in age n older than Asha, who was

just 23. He lived his life to the hilt n had not thought of

marriage, especially having opportunities to fuck many woman as it

is. He would come over to meet Asha very often . He had a motorcycle

n would offer Asha a ride. So far Asha had refused on some pretext or

the other, but Sushil was quite persistent, having mastered the art

of seduction, he bided his time. With so much male attention Asha

would be very horny by the time Rajesh returned home in the night .

Rajesh on the other hand would be quite tired , but seeing Asha's

obvious horniness would fuck her before sleeping. However the

tiredness would prevail n at times he would just ejaculate inside her

very fast leaving her unsatisfied. This started happening often and

Asha having a strong sex-drive started masturbating to control her

desire. She would take long baths in the morning masturbating in her

tub.



Her thoughts would drift to her earlier boyfriends,her house servant

(who nearly fucked her),her father-in-law, Sushil, her driver and

even the maid servant. Asha being highly sexed would fantasize and

masturbate to fulfil her need. Sex played so much on her mind that

she was attracted to women also and felt randy on seeing sexy woman

in magazines or in real life. One of her favourite fantasy while

masturbating was about her house servant Raju. He was employed in her

parents house as a chokra to clean the house n do market purchases.

He was a boy of 17 years and had been attracted to Asha when she was

unmarried. He used to serve her morning tea in her room and used to

see her in various poses while sleeping. At times he saw her panties

and at times got glimpses of the big breasts. This used to disturb

him deeply and he was dying to fuck her, at the same time afraid of

losing his job. He controlled his desire the best that he could by

visiting prostitutes and fucking the neighbours maid. He also knew

that Asha's marriage was fixed and the thought of not seeing her near

nude body every morning saddened him greatly.



One morning , when he went to serve her bed-tea, he found Asha

sprawled on the bed with her legs apart. She was sleeping on her back

and the bed sheet had slipped of her body. Her nightie had risen up n

her panties and pubic hair could be clearly seen. Her creamy thighs

and the dark curly cunt hair was too much for Raju. He immediately

got a massive hard-on and was at his wits end about what to do. He

quickly freed his prick from his shorts and started rubbing it while

looking at Asha's dark bush. Suddenely he saw that Asha was getting

up n he tried to put his prick back inside his shorts. Asha awoke to

a sight of a large pole in Raju's hand instead of the customary tea-

cup. It took a moment for realization to dawn on her that it was a

prick, that too a massive one. Asha was transfixed at the sight of

Raju's prick and her hormones started acting-up. Although she had

seen pricks in magazines she had never seen a real one and that also

so near.

Raju a short chokra possessing such a massive tool, this sight

transfixed her. On seeing her reaction or rather a lack of reaction,

Raju grew bolder and stepped nearer her. He caught her hand and

placed it on his prick. Asha felt a current shoot-up her body on

touching a hot throbbing prick. She felt her juices flowing and her

panties getting wet. This was not lost on Raju and he grew bolder by

grabbing her hair and bringing her face near his prick. He started

rubbing his prick on Asha's face. Asha was in a trance, her face was

burning, her whole body was burning with desire. Sensing this Raju

brought the head of the prick near her lips and started rubbing the

head on her lips. Asha's mouth opened by itself and she started

sucking on the head. Raju started pushing his prick in further. Asha

felt the hot throbbing prick in her mouth, it smelled and tasted

tangy n salty. Raju meanwhile pushed further, however the taste n

smell was too much for Asha n she started choking. Raju quickly

brought his prick out smeared with Asha's saliva, started rubbing on

her face. Slowly he brought it to her lips again and again Asha

opened her mouth. He kept doing this routine of taking his prick out

and then putting it in and Asha got used to the feeling n sucking of

his prick. Raju heard his name being called out by Asha's mother

from downstairs. He quickly pulled his prick out of her mouth and

started rubbing it on her face. He was too near ejaculation to stop

and soon ejaculated all over her face and mouth by holding her hair.

Having finished he put his prick in and rushed downstairs. Asha had

her first taste of semen just a day prior to her marriage to Rajesh.

She often masturbated while thinking of Raju's prick and about

having that prick inside her aching cunt. Even after being married

now for nearly two months, she often thought about Raju's massive

prick. Her husband was satisfactory in bed but the pleasure she had

received by sucking, holding, feeling Raju's massive prick was not

there. She had always thought the tall men have large pricks but now

she knew better.



Asha was getting sexually frustrated. Her husband Rajesh used to

ejaculate too fast and go of to sleep leaving her frustrated. The sex

act finished almost before it started, so it seemed to Asha. She

resolved her frustrations by masturbating in the tub in the mornings.

She fantasized about her father-in-law, Raju, Sushil and even her

maid servant. Although she was fucked by them in her fantasises ,

Asha had resolved to remain faithful to her husband. However, she saw

no harm in flirting, since it gave her pleasure and added excitement

to her fantasises while masturbating.



She now resorted to wearing flimsy nighties and purposely kept the

buttons of her nightgown open. She would bend low while serving her

father-in-law and Rajesh breakfast and also raise her arms in the

pretext of arranging her hair ever so often. Thus, her father-in-law

was treated to a sexy sight daily, so too were the servants of the

household. She would often call her father-in-law to play cards with

her in her room before having a bath. She would purposely touch his

hand, arm while playing and give him glimpses of her breasts thru the

flimsy nighty and also her creamy, milky white thighs. Her father-in-

law, poor chap would be desperately trying to hide his erection and

would often use her toilet to masturbate to release his frustration.

This seemed to excite Asha very much, seeing the power of her

sexuality over this old man. At times she carelessly left her bra or

panty lying around in the bathroom, so that the old man could get a

sniff or two. Her father-in-law was helpless since he did not have

the courage to make a move on her. He was dying to fuck her and

waiting for an opportunity to present itself. Ooh he could teach this

teasing bitch a thing or two with his experienced prick.



Sushil on the other hand was a different kettle of fish altogether.

He had stopped coming so often to their house, knowing that Asha was

revelling in teasing him and nothing more. He was getting sex from

women and knew that eventually an opportunity would open for him to

fuck Asha. One day Sushil came over and invited Rajesh and Asha to a

dinner at his house the following weekend. His leave would soon be

getting over and thus he was throwing a party for friends. When Asha

and Rajesh arrived at his apartment for the party they saw a lot of

young couples enjoying themselves. Sushil was mainly occupied with a

sexy looking girl who was a famous Delhi model. On asking Rajesh, she

got to know that her name was Mini and she was Sushil's current

girlfriend and aro 27 years of age. Mini was the attention of most

males at the party. She was wearing a thin-strap black dress, which

could hardly hold her huge breasts and the dress was so short that,

Asha thought that Mini was wearing no panties. The sight of her heavy

proud breasts almost spilling out of the dress transfixed Asha. She

was staring at Mini with her lips slightly parted and Asha could feel

herself getting wet. Suddenly Mini looked in her direction and Asha

was embarrassed at being caught looking unabashedly at this sexy

model.

The next thing Asha saw was Mini standing next to her with Sushil .

She gently took hold of Asha's hand and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

Asha took in her perfume as Mini's breasts pressed her own while she

was kissing her cheek. "Rajesh is lucky to have such a pretty wife"

she laughingly told Asha . She had not left Asha's hand and kept

squeezing it sensually. The nearness of this woman and her scent

intoxicated Asha. Also the sight of her huge breasts each winking the

other way was enough to start Asha's juices flowing. Asha thought her

own breasts were a handful, but Mini's were huge and seemed to have

a life of their own, proudly thrusting thru the fabric to gain

freedom. After exchanging a few more pleasantries with Asha and

Rajesh, Sushil and Mini excused themselves. Before leaving, Mini, who

had not let go playing with Asha's hand brought her face near Asha's

ear. Brushing her breasts against her arm and pretending to whisper

something, she took a playful nibble and lick at Asha's ear. Asha

immediately blushed on knowing the Mini was attracted to her. This

was not lost on Sushil who mischeviously smiled at Asha's

predicament. Asha was really all hot and bothered. She stole a number

of glances at Mini and Sushil during the party and her stares were

noticed by them.



On returning home that night, Asha felt very horny and quickly

removed her clothes and pounced on her husband. Rajesh could not keep

up the sexual ardour of his wife and as usual ejaculated too fast and

went off to sleep. Asha was sexually unsatisfied and kept tossing and

turning thinking about Mini and Sushil . In the morning she asked

Rajesh why Sushil was not married as yet. Rajesh laughed and said

that Sushil did not feel the need especially when he was bedding many

women. He also added that Sushil was a rogue and that she should stay

away from him. Asha felt scared of Sushil but at the same time, the

thought of getting fucked by him set her juices flowing. That day she

masturbated thinking of Mini and Sushil . However, Asha thought

seriously of what her husband had said and resolved to let Sushil

fuck her in her dreams only.



A few days later, Asha hit upon an idea of buying sexy lingerie to

spice up her sex-life with Rajesh. She had often seen women in

magazines wearing sexy lingerie and decided to surprise Rajesh that

night. She wanted to but a satin teddy and so she went to a shop

dealing in imported undergarments. She found what she wanted and was

holding it up for size, when she heard her name being called. She

turned to see Mini, who once again proceeded to peck her on the check

and this time give her a big hug. Seeing what was in Asha's hand,

Mini squealed " that will look real sexy on you Asha". Asha smiled

and asked the salesgirl to show her a larger size. " Asha dear, I

bought the same size for myself last week and it fitted me fine,

after all it is meant to show your boobs not hide them". Asha blushed

at the mention of breasts. Mini continued " Asha you have such a sexy

figure and a horny face too, you should definitely take up

modelling". Mini had a very unsettling effect on her. She was so

sexy and today she was wearing a tight t-shirt and tight pants. Her

breasts seemed to proudly thrust out. Having paid Asha started to

leave but was stopped by Mini. " Lets have lunch together "she said.

Asha seemed to hesitate, but Mini would not have no for an answer and

grabbed her by her arm. Once out of the shop, Mini said the Sushil

was going to pick her up from here, but she would call him to meet

them directly at the coffee-shop. Before Asha could protest, Mini

walked away and dialled Sushil on her cellphone. Asha felt

apprehensive, but at the same time excited at the prospect of

spending time with Sushil and Mini.

What would she tell Rajesh, he had specifically told her to stay

away from Sushil. All these thoughts entered Asha's mind. Her body

was excited being near this couple and after all a lunch would be

harmless. She was jolted out of her thoughts by Mini pressing her

hand and saying," We have to pickup Sushil, he has returned his bike

since he is leaving tomorrow", come dear lets go. Mini sat in the car

and Asha drove them to Sushil's apartment. All through the journey

the vivacious Mini kept touching Asha on her arm, shoulder hair or

stroking her face while chattering 19 to a dozen. Asha was not fully

aware of her talk but was definitely aware of her touch. On reaching

Sushil's apartment, Mini excused herself to go to the toilet while

Asha was left alone with Sushil. He immediately caught her hand and

kissed her on her cheek, saying " Asha you are looking really sexy in

a saree". While saying this he was deliberately staring at her

breasts and her peeking navel. He pulled her down on the sofa and

made her sit close to him. Asha took in his masculine body odour and

felt excited being near him and blushed. Encouraged by her blushing

Sushil put his arm around her and was stroking her hair and bare

arms. His touch was not gentle but firm and demanding. He exuded so

much confidence and masculinity that, Asha was feeling intoxicated in

his presence and was unable to stop him from taking such liberties

with her. She was afraid and excited at the same time. Looking

directly into Asha's eyes and stroking her face Sushil said " You

have a sexy face Asha, you should seriously think about modelling".

He brought his face nearer and Asha involuntarily opened her lips

expecting to be kissed by him. Mini walked into the room and Asha

jerked herself away from Sushil. She looked at Mini who had obviously

seen what was going on. Asha smiled sheepishly at Mini and excused

herself to go to the toilet. Once inside she washed her hot n burning

face with cold water and tried to gather her thoughts. She was angry

at Sushil, how could he treat her like a putty in his hand. The

nerve of the man to go about touching and feeling her with his hands

and eyes ,knowing fully well that she was married. He had almost

kissed her and she felt unable to resist his advances. Had Mini not

come what would have happened. The thought of kissing and being

fucked by such a masculine man as Sushil greatly excited her. She

could feel her panties getting wet, and try as she did, to splash

water on her face, her face remained flushed. She resolved to have

firmer control over her body but boy was she feeling horny.



As they left the Sunil apartment and reach the coffee-shop, Asha noticed at the way male attentionfocused on their table. Mini had a tight t-shirt on and her heavy

breasts demanded the attention, since they seemed to be wanting their

freedom from the tight fabric. Asha herself wanted to feel and see

them in all their glory. She was very much taken up by Mini. Mini

knew the effect she had on Asha and was dying to taste her cunt

juices. She sat close to Asha and kept touching her at the slightest

pretext, thereby heightening the sexual tension between them. Sushil

on the other hand was quiet. He was thinking that today is the

opportunity to fuck this teasing bitch. He was encouraged by the fact

that Asha was attracted to Mini. This would work to his advantage. He

had a perpetual smile of a cat who ate the cream, knowing fully well

that he was going to fuck Asha all afternoon. The main discussion all

through the meal centred around Asha. Both Mini and Sushil were very

insistent that Asha take-up modelling. They kept complimenting on her

figure and sexy face and fair unblemished skin. Mini took all this

opportunity to feel her skin, her face and generally indulge in light

foreplay with Asha. Asha was taken-up by their compliments and she

had no resistance against Mini taking liberties with her. She was so

sexually charged that she had wet her panties and was dying to get

fucked silly. They told her that she should have her portfolio taken

and each one recommended various photographers. After the meal when

Sushil was paying the check, Asha realized that she had left her

purse in Sushil's apartment.



On reaching Sushil's apartment, Asha picked up her purse and started

to leave, however Sushil insisted on taking a few snaps and went into

the bedroom to fetch a camera. Mini pulled Asha beside her on the

sofa and started talking and touching her. She told Asha that she

would very much like to meet her again and take her to some good

photographers. Meanwhile Sushil got his camera and asked them to pose

for a few snaps. Immediately Mini started hugging Asha in the pretext

of posing. So much body contact with this huge busted model was too

much for Asha. She too got bolder and started feeling Mini. This was

all the encouragement Mini needed and soon she was tongue-kissing

Asha. Asha was whimpering with passion. She had never been kissed by

a woman before and was savouring her softness. Mini was now taking

small bites on Asha's ear, face neck, Asha was on fire. Sushil had

captured all this on film and had got very excited on seeing these

two sexy women go for each other. He quickly removed his clothing and

stroked his fat thick prick. He separated the two women, lest he miss

in on the action. On seeing Sushil naked, his muscle tone and the

thickness of his shaft, Asha felt afraid. Her mind was forcing her to

say " Nooo Sushil, please don't fuck me , I am married", instead the

words that came out were " OOOOOH My Gawd, itsss so beeeeg,

Sushhheeeeel". Don't worry Asha darling, said Sushil, just hold it,

it won't bite. He brought his prick near her and placed her hand on

it. Asha felt the throbbing prick and was creaming in her panties.

Her eyes were wide open but her throat was dry. Mini sensing Asha's

predicament, quickly brought her lips to suck Sushil's prick. But

Sushil only wanted Asha and firmly pushed Mini aside motioning to her

to take the camera. Now Sushil caught Asha by the back of her neck

and brought his prick near her face. Asha could smell his prick now

and involuntarily opened her mouth to suck it. Sushil felt overjoyed,

seeing Asha was a willing participant, he slowly pushed his prick

further in her mouth. This was the second time Asha was tasting ,

sucking a prick. First Raju and now Sushil. Her husband Rajesh was

not adventurous in bed. Sushil expertly filled her throat with his

prick and when he thought she was gagging removed it and rubbed her

face with it. Asha took to the task with earnest now. She could taste

Sushil's masculinity and could feel the power of his prick thru its

throbbing. Meanwhile, Mini was busy clicking photographs. Asha's sexy

face filled with Sushil's thick prick was too much for Mini, she was

in the throes of an orgasm herself. The sight of such a sexy face

licking Sushil's hairy balls and her hands all over Sushil's tight

buns was awesome. Asha loved the feel of Sushil's buttocks and

feeling their strength could well visualise the fucking she was going

to get. Sushil too was very excited and about to explode. He

controlled himself by stopping and asking Asha if she liked sucking

his prick. Asha could only moan a gurgle in reply. He was delighted

in seeing this newly married woman offering no resistance at all. In

fact she was hot and sucking, licking his prick profusely. Sushil

then held the back of her head and started fucking her mouth, first

with slow long thrusts and then with short fast jabs. As he exploded

he filled her mouth with semen. Removed his prick from her mouth,

lest she choke and came all over her sexy face, hair, shoulders,

saree. Asha tried to swallow as much as she could. Suddenly Mini left

the camera and started sucking Asha's mouth, face, to taste Sushil's

cum. This was the second time Asha had tasted semen and she was

loving every goblet, droplet of it. Asha's panties were thoroughly

soaked and her thighs too were wet. She responded to Mini's kisses

with gay abandon, whimpering and moaning loudly. She ripped Mini's t-

shirt over her head and pushed the pink lacy bra from the top and

fastened her mouth on one swollen nipple. Mini felt discomforted,

feeling the tightness of the bra strap on her back. She roughly

pushed Asha aside and removed her bra. The sight of her huge breasts

with swollen nipples gaining freedom was too much for Asha. She lost

control and with a loud moan latched on to them with her hands and

mouth.



Sushil seeing the women, and especially Asha's horniness, could'nt

wait to fuck her. He roughly pulled the women apart and carried Asha

in his arms to his bedroom, where the airconditioner was on. Sushil

ripped Asha's blouse off, and Mini helped him in removing Asha's

clothes. On seeing her soaking lace panties, Sushil could not be

bothered in removing them, he just yanked and ripped them. He saw

Asha's cunt lips fully engorged with the blood pumping in them, her

clitoris was fully erect. Her black cunt hair was neatly trimmed and

the sight of black hair, creamy white thighs and pink cunt lips was

too much for Sushil. He knew that Asha too was wanting him to fuck

her. He laid Asha on her back and raised both her legs over his

shoulder. He placed his prick near her flowing cunt juices and

pierced the bulbous head of his prick into her cunt. Asha's cunt had

never experienced such a thick, fat prick and although Sushil had

only put the head in, her outer cunt lips where fully stretched. Asha

screamed in pain. "OOOHHHH GAAWD III CAANNNT, PLEEASE NNNNOOOOOO

SUSHEEEEEEL,", she cried. There was cold sweat all over her forehead

and face. Asha was really scared and got completely dry inside. "

OOOOUUI MMMAAA YOOU Are TEEEAARRINNNGG MEEE AAAIIIEEEEEE".

Although Asha had been married for a little over two months, her

cunt had never been so stretched. She started begging Sushil to

please spare her. Sushil felt as if he was deflowering a virgin. This

excited him no end and his proud thick prick throbbed even more. Mini

came by Asha's side. Asha begged Mini to make Sushil stop. Asha

expected Sushil to ram his prick fully in regardless of her dryness

and fear. Sushil meanwhile removed the head slowly, putting some

spit on it sank it again in her cunt. After repeating this a few

times her cunt was able to accommodate his thick prick head. He now

started inserting his prick bit by bit, thrusting and withdrawing. He

got a slow rythmn going and sensed that Asha was now lifting her

buttocks to meet his thrusts. Her juices were flowing freely and she

could feel an orgasm approaching. Asha now clawed on Sushil's back

egging him to go faster. Mini asked her how she was liking it. Asha

managed a whimpering sound " OOHH AAARGG HHHEES FFUCKING MEE SOOO

NICCELY, IT FEELSS SSOO GOOD". Sushil now started thrusting and

withdrawing faster and faster pounding Asha's tight cunt. His heavy

balls were slapping against Asha's raised buttocks THWAP, TWAP,

THWAP with each of Sushil's powerful strokes. Their bodies were

glistening with sweat and the only sound in the room as Sushil

increased his thrusts were of Asha's loud moaning and THWAP, THWAP,

THWAP, THWAP of his ball slapping her raised buttocks. Sushil felt as

if he had deflowered a virgin. Asha was thrilled at the power of his

thrusts and for the first time in her life felt fulfilled , literally

and mentally. Sushil kept on going THWAP THWAP THWAP and Asha could

feel her orgasm imminent. Sensing this Sushil stopped pumping

abruptly. Asha wailed " YOOU BASSSTARRD DOOONT STTOOP PLEEEASEE IIMM

UNNGG CCOMMING.". " FUCK ME&lt; YOOUVE ALWAYS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS YOUU

UNNGHH URGGH AAIIIEE OUIII MMAAAA", Sushil started thrusting hard

and Asha came and came. " OOUUII MMAA UURRNNGH OOHHRRGGD ".

Sushil could not hold back any longer and exploded inside Asha,

filling her cunt with his semen. He then collapsed on the bed beside

them.



Mini had been rubbing her clitoris bringing herself to orgasm ,

while Asha had been getting fucked. She longed to taste Asha's cunt

juices and quickly started sucking her swollen cunt lips. She darted

her tongue inside Asha's cunt and tasted Sushil's semen again. She

also started teasing Asha's bud clit making her moan and writhe. Asha

had never experienced anybody sucking her let alone a sexy woman.

Mini needed gratification too and spread her legs over Asha's face

and started grinding her soaked cunt on Asha's face. Asha was a quick

learner and soon the two sexy women were having orgasms 69ing each

other. The sight of these two sexy women doing each other excited

Sushil and he developed a hard-on again. He pulled Asha away from

Mini. Taking her by the shoulders he brought her near a rocking chair

and he sat down. Then he motioned for her to sit on him. Asha stared

at his thick prick and slowly sat on him taking in his prick inch by

inch. When Sushil had his prick fully inside he remained absolutely

still and concentrated on fondling, sucking, biting Asha's fair

breasts. He asked her " Asha, does this feel nice". Asha was fully

plugged up and although Sushil was only gently rocking, the fullness

of his prick was bringing her close to another orgasm. " AAAH YYOUU

ROGUE YOOVEE UUMM UUMMMN UURGGGHH OOOHHH YOOOUURR CCOOCKK IITTSS

FFFIILLEED MMEE UUNNGGH UUNNNGHH UUUNNNNGGH OOOO AAAAAAHHH'' wailed

Asha.

Asha feeling his fullness inside her had another orgasm, but Sushil

kept his prick absolutely still. Then he motioned Mini to hold Asha's

shoulders from the back and he clasped her buttocks tightly. He stood

up with his prick fully inside her and clasping her buttocks tightly.

Mini had the weight of Asha's shoulders on her. Sushil slowly started

pumping his prick in and out of Asha's cunt. Asha was in midair and

was receiving Sushil's powerful thrusts. Sushil increased the pace as

did Asha's moaning which turned into a continous wailing sound

AAAAAHHNN AAAHHNN AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHN AAAAAAAAAAANNN

UUUUUGGGGGGNNNNHHH, as she neared another orgasm. Asha was in throes

of orgasm and her wailing was completely incoherent. Sushil then,

withdrew his still hard and erect prick and they laid Asha on the bed.





Asha continued to whimper and moan, having never experienced such a

thorough fucking in her life. Sushil meanwhile straddled Mini's flat

stomach and propped two pillows under her neck. He the clasped both

her huge tits with his penis tightly clenched by her breasts and

began to breast-fuck Mini. He was really rough with Mini and would

thrust his prick thru her breasts and into her mouth. Asha had not

seen such a thing before and the sight of Mini's huge breasts being

treated so roughly brought her to another wave of orgasm. Asha had no

control over her cunt which kept throbbing for more. Sensing this

Sushil stopped breast-fucking Mini and made Asha and Mini lie side by

side. He raised Asha's left leg and Mini's right leg. He quickly

propped pillows under their buttocks so that their cunts were raised

and nicely positioned. Then he thrust his prick into Asha's gaping,

throbbing cunt and gave long hard strokes. He then withdrew and did

the same to Mini's cunt , holding one leg each together. Both Asha

and Mini drew double the pleasure from this, since while one was

being fucked, the other too was moving in the same rythmn. Sushil

kept alternating and fucking them. He went on and on, both Asha and

Mini continued to moan and wail as orgasm after orgasm swept thru

their bodies. When Sushil could feel he was about to explode he

withdrew his prick and let go of their legs. He straddled Asha's

breasts and put his prick into her mouth. He loved to see such a

pretty fair horny face sucking his prick. This is what he wanted to

do to Asha since he first saw her sexy face. He exploded inside her

mouth and this time roughly forced her to take-in all his semen. Asha

gurgled and gagged but his semen kept coming in. Finally Sushil

withdrew his fat prick from her mouth and rubbed his prick all over

her sexy face and hair. He then collapsed on the bed along with them

and continued to bite and nibble at whatever part of skin came in

contact with his mouth.



Asha finally got up and went to the toilet to pee. Semen was still

coming out of her cunt lips. She washed her face in the mirror and

saw dried semen all over her body and hair. Her hair was all knotted

with dry semen and try as she did she could not untangle them. Her

hair, bastard had really done her in, how was she going to go home in

this manner. Asha had always been particular of her hair, a lot of

care and time went into taking care of it. Now this mess was

unbearable for her. Also there were hickies on her neck, cheeks,

breasts and her lips just as her cunt lips were swollen. She

thought, "My God, I better stay away from Rajesh till these

disappear". Thinking of Rajesh she saw the time was 5.35pm and she

needed to get back, bathe before he came in at aro 7.pm .

They had been fucking away for more than 3 hours. Asha came out of

the toilet to search for her clothes. Sushil saw her bending down and

quickly got up and started slapping her huge buttocks. " Sali teri

badi gannd ko chodne ka chance he nahi mila", said Sushil while

slapping her buttocks. Asha saw that Sushil had got a hard-on again.

Asha was turned on by Sushil's using vulgar hindi and by his slapping

and kneading her bums. She replied " Noo Sushiil, Rajesh will be

getting back, Please let me go, another time you can fuck me, I

promise, please let me go now". Saying this Asha hurriedly started

picking her clothes. When Asha saw the semen stains on her saree and

torn blouse and panty she began to cry. Her saree was beyond repair,

all crumpled and ripped in certain places. Mini came to her rescue by

offering to give her clothes, but she did not have a saree, only the

sexy black dress she had worn on the party night.. So Asha had no

choice but to wear that dress without panties. Her swollen nipples

could clearly be seen and the dress was very tight around the arse ,

she had to hike it higher, whereby the dried cum on her cunt hairs

and inner thighs could be clearly seen.



Crying, Asha left Sushil's apartment. She had difficult walking in

the dress and when she sat down to drive her car, the dress rode up

and her swollen cunt-lips and semen matted cunt hair could clearly be

seen. She put some paper napkins to cover her cunt and thighsfrom bus

view and drove home. At stoplights Asha noticed that the vendors and

beggars were having a field day staring at her almost naked body. On

reaching home she prayed that nobody should see her and almost ran

into her room, locking it. But lo behold her maid was doing her room

and she came face to face with her. Asha lowered her eyes and asked

her to get out of the room. The maid saw the dishevelled state Asha

was in and quickly realized that her memsaab had been thouroughly

fucked that day. She would use this knowledge to her advantage very

soon. Smiling and staring up and down at Asha, the maid left the

room. Unknown to Asha, her father-in-law too had seen her coming in,

peeking from his bedroom. He was always spying on her. He knew that

she had worn a saree and comeback in somebody else's clothes looking

thouroughly fucked. He now saw an opportunity to have her the way he

wanted. Furthermore, unknown to Asha there were photographs taken of

her cock-sucking and fucking, which too could be used against her

wishes.













The Debauchery of a Young Housewife ( Part II )



Asha was getting sexually frustrated. Her husband Rajesh used to ejaculate too fast and go of to sleep leaving her frustrated. The sex act finished almost before it started, so it seemed to Asha. She resolved her frustrations by masturbating in the tub in the mornings. She fantasized about her father-in-law, Raju, Sushil and even her maid servant. Although she was fucked by them in her fantasises , Asha had resolved to remain faithful to her husband. However, she saw no harm in flirting, since it gave her pleasure and added excitement to her fantasises while masturbating.



She now resorted to wearing flimsy nighties and purposely kept the buttons of her night-gown open. She would bend low while serving her father-in-law and Rajesh breakfast and also raise her arms in the pretext of arranging her hair ever so often. Thus, her father-in-law was treated to a sexy sight daily, so too were the servants of the household. She would often call her father-in-law to play cards with her in her room before having a bath. She would purposely touch his hand, arm while playing and give him glimpses of her breasts thru the flimsy nighty and also her creamy, milky white thighs. Her father-in-law, poor chap would be desperately trying to hide his erection and would often use her toilet to masturbate to release his frustration. This seemed to excite Asha very much, seeing the power of her sexuality over this old man. At times she carelessly left her bra or panty lying around in the bathroom, so that the old man could get a sniff or two. Her father-in-law was helpless since he did not have the courage to make a move on her. He was dying to fuck her and waiting for an opportunity to present itself. Ooh he could teach this teasing bitch a thing or two with his experienced prick.



Sushil on the other hand was a different kettle of fish altogether. He had stopped coming so often to their house, knowing that Asha was revelling in teasing him and nothing more. He was getting sex from women and knew that eventually an opportunity would open for him to fuck Asha. One day Sushil came over and invited Rajesh and Asha to a dinner at his house the following weekend. His leave would soon be getting over and thus he was throwing a party for friends. When Asha and Rajesh arrived at his apartment for the party they saw a lot of young couples enjoying themselves. Sushil was mainly occupied with a sexy looking girl who was a famous Delhi model. On asking Rajesh, she got to know that her name was Mini and she was Sushil's current girlfriend and aro 27 years of age. Mini was the attention of most males at the party. She was wearing a thin-strap black dress, which could hardly hold her huge breasts and the dress was so short that,&nbsp; Asha thought that Mini was wearing no panties. The sight of her heavy proud breasts almost spilling out of the dress transfixed Asha. She was staring at Mini with her lips slightly parted and Asha could feel herself getting wet. Suddenly Mini looked in her direction and Asha was embarrassed at being caught looking unabashedly at this sexy model.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next thing Asha saw was Mini standing next to her with Sushil . She gently took hold of Asha's hand and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Asha took in her perfume as Mini's breasts pressed her own while she was kissing her cheek. "Rajesh is lucky to have such a pretty wife" she laughingly told Asha . She had not left Asha's hand and kept squeezing it sensually. The nearness of this woman and her scent intoxicated Asha. Also the sight of her huge breasts each winking the other way was enough to start Asha's juices flowing. Asha thought her own breasts were a handful, but&nbsp; Mini's were huge and seemed to have a life of their own, proudly thrusting thru the fabric to gain freedom. After exchanging a few more pleasantries with Asha and Rajesh, Sushil and Mini excused themselves. Before leaving, Mini, who had not let go playing with Asha's hand brought her face near Asha's ear. Brushing her breasts against her arm and pretending to whisper something, she took a playful nibble and lick at Asha's ear. Asha immediately blushed on knowing the Mini was attracted to her. This was not lost on Sushil who mischievously smiled at Asha's predicament. Asha was really all hot and bothered. She stole a number of glances at Mini and Sushil during the party and her stares were noticed by them.



On returning home that night, Asha felt very horny and quickly removed her clothes and pounced on her husband. Rajesh could not keep up the sexual ardour of his wife and as usual ejaculated too fast and went off to sleep. Asha was sexually unsatisfied and kept tossing and turning thinking about Mini and Sushil . In the morning she asked Rajesh why Sushil was not married as yet. Rajesh laughed and said that Sushil did not feel the need especially when he was bedding many women. He also added that Sushil was a rogue and that she should stay away from him. Asha felt scared of Sushil but at the same time, the thought of getting fucked by him set her juices flowing. That day she masturbated thinking of Mini and Sushil . However, Asha thought seriously of what her husband had said and resolved to let Sushil fuck her in her dreams only.



A few days later, Asha hit upon an idea of buying sexy lingerie to spice up her sex-life with Rajesh. She had often seen women in magazines wearing sexy lingerie and decided to surprise Rajesh that night. She wanted to but a satin teddy and so she went to a shop dealing in imported undergarments. She found what she wanted and was holding it up for size, when she heard her name being called. She turned to see Mini, who once again proceeded to peck her on the check and this time give her a big hug. Seeing what was in Asha's hand, Mini squealed " that will look real sexy on you Asha". Asha smiled and&nbsp; asked the salesgirl to show her a larger size. " Asha dear, I bought the same size for myself last week and it fitted me fine, after all it is meant to show your boobs not hide them". Asha blushed at the mention of breasts. Mini continued " Asha you have such a sexy figure and a horny face too, you should definitely take up modelling".&nbsp; Mini had a very unsettling effect on her. She was so sexy and today she was wearing a tight t-shirt and tight pants. Her breasts seemed to proudly thrust out. Having paid Asha started to leave but was stopped by Mini. "



Lets have lunch together "she said. Asha seemed to hesitate, but Mini would not have no for an answer and grabbed her by her arm. Once out of the shop, Mini said the Sushil was going to pick her up from here, but she would call him to meet them directly at the coffee-shop. Before Asha could protest, Mini walked away and dialled Sushil on her cellphone. Asha felt apprehensive, but at the same time excited at the prospect of spending time with Sushil and Mini.&nbsp; What would she tell Rajesh, he had specifically told her to stay away from Sushil. All these thoughts entered Asha's mind. Her body was excited being near this couple and after all a lunch would be harmless. She was jolted out of her thoughts by Mini pressing her hand and saying," We have to pickup Sushil, he has returned his bike since he is leaving tomorrow", come dear lets go. Mini sat in the car and Asha drove them to Sushil's apartment. All through the journey the vivacious Mini kept touching Asha on her arm, shoulder hair or stroking her face while chattering 19 to a dozen. Asha was not fully aware of her talk but was definitely aware of her touch. On reaching Sushil's apartment, Mini excused herself to go to the toilet while Asha was left alone with Sushil. He immediately caught her hand and kissed her on her cheek, saying " Asha you are looking really sexy in a saree". While saying this he was deliberately staring at her breasts and her peeking navel. He pulled her down on the sofa and made her sit close to him. Asha took in his masculine body odour and felt excited being near him and blushed. Encouraged by her blushing Sushil put his arm around her and was stroking her hair and bare arms. His touch was not gentle but firm and demanding. He exuded so much confidence and masculinity that, Asha was feeling intoxicated in his presence and was unable to stop him from taking such liberties with her. She was afraid and excited at the same time.



Looking directly into Asha's eyes and stroking her face Sushil said " You have a sexy face Asha, you should seriously think about modelling". He brought his face nearer and Asha involuntarily opened her lips expecting to be kissed by him. Mini walked into the room and Asha jerked herself away from Sushil. She looked at Mini who had obviously seen what was going on. Asha smiled sheepishly at Mini and excused herself to go to the toilet. Once inside she washed her hot n burning face with cold water and tried to gather her thoughts. She was angry at&nbsp;&nbsp; Sushil, how could he treat her like a putty in his hand. The nerve of the man to go about touching and feeling her with his hands and eyes ,knowing fully well that she was married. He had almost kissed her and she felt unable to resist his advances. Had Mini not come what would have happened. The thought of kissing and being fucked by such a masculine man as Sushil greatly excited her. She could feel her panties getting wet,&nbsp; and try as she did, to splash water on her face, her face remained flushed. She resolved to have firmer control over her body but boy was she feeling horny. Coming out of the toilet Asha was taken aback by the sight that greeted her. Mini was in Sushil's arms and was being tongue-kissed by Sushil. His hands were kneading her buttocks and he was grinding his obvious bulge against her flat stomach. On seeing Asha, Mini immediately broke away and grinningly said " Sushil is going away tomorrow, so today is our last day together for a long time" as if to explain their amorous actions.



Asha felt jealous and responded, "I think I should leave you lovebirds alone". "No", said both Sushil and Mini in unison. " He has promised me that he won't let me get any sleep tonight" said Mini, giggling mischievously. Asha immediately reddened at the thought of Sushil fucking Mini all night. Her husband Rajesh finished their love-making faster than it took to brush one's teeth, and once was enough for him, for two to three days. Mini came up to Asha and whispered in her ear " Sushil is feeling horny seeing you here". Mini laughed at the rush of colour on Asha's face. Now holding her face in her hand she again whispered, " Asha you make me horny too, I want to taste you". Saying this Mini turned Asha's face towards her and brushed her lips lightly against Asha's. Sensing no resistance she kissed Asha fully with her open mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; Asha could taste Sushil's masculinity&nbsp; in Mini's kiss. Mini drew away smiling mischievously at Asha's obvious discomfort. She took Asha by the arm and they all proceeded to a nearby coffee-shop for lunch.



On reaching the coffee-shop, Asha noticed at the way male attention focused on their table. Mini had a tight t-shirt on and her heavy breasts demanded the attention, since they seemed to be wanting their freedom from the tight fabric. Asha herself wanted to feel and see them in all their glory. She was very much taken up by Mini. Mini knew the effect she had on Asha and was dying to taste her cunt juices. She sat close to Asha and kept touching her at the slightest pretext, thereby heightening the sexual tension between them. Sushil on the other hand was quiet. He was thinking that today is the opportunity to fuck this teasing bitch. He was encouraged by the fact that Asha was attracted to Mini. This would work to his advantage.

He had a perpetual smile of a cat who ate the cream, knowing fully well that he was going to fuck Asha all afternoon. The main discussion all through the meal centred around Asha. Both Mini and Sushil were very insistent that Asha take-up modelling. They kept complimenting on her figure and sexy face and fair unblemished skin. Mini took all this opportunity to feel her skin, her face and generally indulge in light foreplay with Asha.&nbsp; Asha was taken-up by their compliments and she had no resistance against Mini taking liberties with her. She was so sexually charged that she had wet her panties and was dying to get fucked silly. They told her that she should have her portfolio taken and each one recommended various photographers. After the meal when Sushil was paying the check, Asha realized that she had left her purse in Sushil's apartment.



On reaching Sushil's apartment, Asha picked up her purse and started to leave, however Sushil insisted on taking a few snaps and went into the bedroom to fetch a camera. Mini pulled Asha beside her on the sofa and started talking and touching her. She told Asha that she would very much like to meet her again and take her to some good photographers. Meanwhile Sushil got his camera and asked them to pose for a few snaps. Immediately Mini started hugging Asha in the pretext of posing. So much body contact with this huge busted model was too much for Asha. She too got bolder and started feeling Mini. This was all the encouragement Mini needed and soon she was tongue-kissing Asha. Asha was whimpering with passion. She had never been kissed by a woman before and was savouring her softness. Mini was now taking small bites on Asha's ear, face neck, Asha was on fire. Sushil had captured all this on film and had got very excited on seeing these two sexy women go for each other. He quickly removed his clothing and stroked his fat thick prick. He separated the two women, lest he miss in on the action.



On seeing Sushil naked, his muscle tone and the thickness of his shaft, Asha felt afraid. Her mind was forcing her to say " Nooo Sushil, please don't fuck me , I am married", instead the words that came out were " OOOOOH My Gawd, itsss so beeeeg, Sushhheeeeel". Don't worry Asha darling, said Sushil, just hold it, it won't bite.&nbsp; He brought his prick near her and placed her hand on it. Asha felt the throbbing prick and was creaming in her panties. Her eyes were wide open but her throat was dry. Mini sensing Asha's predicament, quickly brought her lips to suck Sushil's prick. But Sushil only wanted Asha and firmly pushed Mini aside motioning to her to take the camera. Now Sushil caught Asha by the back of her neck and brought his prick near her face. Asha could smell his prick now and involuntarily opened her mouth to suck it. Sushil felt overjoyed, seeing Asha was a willing participant, he slowly pushed his prick further in her mouth. This was the second time Asha was tasting , sucking a prick. First Raju and now Sushil. Her husband Rajesh was not adventurous in bed. Sushil expertly filled her throat with his prick and when he thought she was gagging removed it and rubbed her face with it. Asha took to the task with earnest now. She could taste Sushil's masculinity and could feel the power of his prick thru its throbbing. Meanwhile, Mini was busy clicking photographs.



Asha's sexy face filled with Sushil's thick prick was too much for Mini, she was in the throes of an orgasm herself. The sight of such a sexy face licking Sushil's hairy balls and her hands all over Sushil's tight buns was awesome. Asha loved the feel of Sushil's buttocks and feeling their strength could well visualise the fucking she was going to get. Sushil too was very excited and about to explode. He controlled himself by stopping and asking Asha if she liked sucking his prick. Asha could only moan a gurgle in reply. He was delighted in seeing this newly married woman offering no resistance at all. In fact she was hot and sucking, licking his prick profusely. Sushil then held the back of her head and started fucking her mouth, first with slow long thrusts and then with short fast jabs. As he exploded he filled her mouth with semen. Removed his prick from her mouth, lest she choke and came all over her sexy face, hair, shoulders, saree.



Asha tried to swallow as much as she could. Suddenly Mini left the camera and started sucking Asha's mouth, face,&nbsp; to taste Sushil's cum. This was the second time Asha had tasted semen and she was loving every&nbsp; goblet, droplet of it. Asha's panties were thoroughly soaked and her thighs too were wet. She responded to Mini's kisses with gay abandon, whimpering and moaning loudly. She ripped Mini's t-shirt over her head and pushed the pink lacy bra from the top and fastened her mouth on one swollen nipple. Mini felt discomforted, feeling the tightness of the bra strap on her back. She roughly pushed Asha aside and removed her bra. The sight of her huge breasts with swollen&nbsp;&nbsp; nipples gaining freedom was too much for Asha. She lost control and with a loud moan latched on to them with her hands and mouth.



Sushil seeing the women,&nbsp; and especially Asha's horniness,&nbsp; couldn't wait to fuck her. He roughly pulled the women apart and carried Asha in his arms to his bedroom, where the airconditioner was on. Sushil ripped Asha's blouse off, and Mini helped him in removing Asha's clothes. On seeing her soaking lace panties, Sushil could not be bothered in removing them, he just yanked and ripped them. He saw Asha's cunt lips fully engorged with the blood pumping in them, her clitoris was fully erect.&nbsp; Her black cunt hair was neatly trimmed and the sight of black hair, creamy white thighs and pink cunt lips was too much for Sushil. He knew that Asha too was wanting him to fuck her. He laid Asha on her back and raised both her legs over his shoulder. He placed his prick near her flowing cunt juices and pierced the bulbous head of his prick into her cunt. Asha's cunt had never experienced such a thick, fat prick and although Sushil had only put the head in, her outer cunt lips where fully stretched. Asha screamed in pain. "OOOHHHH GAAWD III CAANNNT, PLEEASE NNNNOOOOOO SUSHEEEEEEL,", she cried. There was cold sweat all over her forehead and face. Asha was really scared and got completely dry inside. " OOOOUUI&nbsp; MMMAAA YOOU Are TEEEAARRINNNGG MEEE&nbsp;&nbsp; AAAIIIEEEEEE".



Although Asha had been married for a little over two months, her cunt had never been so stretched. She started begging Sushil to please spare her. Sushil felt as if he was deflowering a virgin. This excited him no end and his proud thick prick throbbed even more. Mini came by Asha's side. Asha begged Mini to make Sushil stop. Asha expected Sushil to ram his prick fully in regardless of her dryness and fear.&nbsp; Sushil meanwhile removed the head slowly, putting some spit on it sank it again in her cunt. After repeating this a few times her cunt was able to accommodate his thick prick head. He now started inserting his prick bit by bit, thrusting and withdrawing. He got a slow rythmn going and sensed that Asha was now lifting her buttocks to meet his thrusts.&nbsp; Her juices were flowing freely and she could feel an orgasm approaching.



Asha now clawed on Sushil's back egging him to go faster. Mini asked her how she was liking it. Asha managed a whimpering sound " OOHH AAARGG HHHEES FFUCKING MEE SOOO NICCELY, IT FEELSS SSOO GOOD". Sushil now started thrusting and withdrawing faster and faster pounding&nbsp;&nbsp; Asha's tight cunt. His heavy balls were slapping against Asha's raised buttocks&nbsp;&nbsp; THWAP, TWAP, THWAP with each of Sushil's powerful strokes. Their bodies were glistening with sweat and the only sound in the room as Sushil increased his thrusts were of Asha's loud moaning and THWAP, THWAP, THWAP, THWAP of his ball slapping her raised buttocks. Sushil felt as if he had deflowered a virgin. Asha was thrilled at the power of his thrusts and for the first time in her life felt fulfilled , literally and mentally. Sushil kept on going THWAP THWAP THWAP and Asha could feel her orgasm imminent. Sensing this Sushil stopped pumping abruptly. Asha wailed " YOOU BASSSTARRD DOOONT STTOOP PLEEEASEE IIMM UNNGG CCOMMING.". " FUCK ME&lt; YOOUVE ALWAYS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS YOUU UNNGHH URGGH AAIIIEE&nbsp; OUIII&nbsp;&nbsp; MMAAAA", Sushil started thrusting hard and Asha came and came. " OOUUII&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MMAA&nbsp; UURRNNGH&nbsp; OOHHRRGGD ". Sushil could not hold back any longer and exploded inside Asha,&nbsp; filling her cunt with his semen. He then collapsed on the bed beside them.



Mini had been rubbing her clitoris bringing herself to orgasm , while Asha had been getting fucked. She longed to taste Asha's cunt juices and quickly started sucking her swollen cunt lips. She darted her tongue inside Asha's cunt and tasted Sushil's semen again. She also started teasing Asha's bud clit making her moan and writhe. Asha had never experienced anybody sucking her let alone a sexy woman. Mini needed gratification too and spread her legs over Asha's face and started grinding her soaked cunt on Asha's face. Asha was a quick learner and soon the two sexy women were having orgasms 69ing each other. The sight of these two sexy women doing each other excited Sushil and he developed a hard-on again. He pulled Asha away from Mini. Taking her by the shoulders he brought her near a rocking chair and he sat down. Then he motioned for her to sit on him. Asha stared at his thick prick and slowly sat on him taking in his prick inch by inch. When Sushil had his prick fully inside he remained absolutely still and concentrated on fondling, sucking, biting Asha's fair breasts. He asked her " Asha, does this feel nice".



Asha was fully plugged up and although Sushil was only gently rocking, the fullness of his prick was bringing her close to another orgasm. " AAAH YYOUU ROGUE YOOVEE UUMM UUMMMN UURGGGHH OOOHHH YOOOUURR CCOOCKK IITTSS FFFIILLEED MMEE UUNNGGH UUNNNGHH UUUNNNNGGH OOOO AAAAAAHHH'' wailed Asha.

 Asha feeling his fullness inside her had another orgasm, but Sushil kept his prick absolutely still. Then he motioned Mini to hold Asha's shoulders from the back and he clasped her buttocks tightly. He stood up with his prick fully inside her and clasping her buttocks tightly. Mini had the weight of Asha's shoulders on her. Sushil slowly started pumping his prick in and out of Asha's cunt. Asha was in mid-air and was receiving Sushil's powerful thrusts. Sushil increased the pace as did Asha's moaning which turned into a continuos wailing sound AAAAAHHNN AAAHHNN AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHN AAAAAAAAAAANNN UUUUUGGGGGGNNNNHHH, as she neared another orgasm. Asha was in throes of orgasm and her wailing was completely incoherent. Sushil then, withdrew his still hard and erect prick and they laid Asha on the bed.



Asha&nbsp; continued to whimper and moan, having never experienced such a thorough fucking in her life. Sushil meanwhile straddled Mini's flat stomach and propped two pillows under her neck. He the clasped both her huge tits with his penis tightly clenched by her breasts and began to breast-fuck Mini. He was really rough with Mini and would thrust his prick thru her breasts and into her mouth. Asha&nbsp; had not seen such a thing before and the sight of Mini's huge breasts being treated so roughly brought her to another wave of orgasm. Asha had no control over her cunt which kept throbbing for more. Sensing this Sushil stopped breast-fucking Mini and made Asha and Mini lie side by side. He raised Asha's left leg and Mini's right leg. He quickly propped pillows under their buttocks so that their cunts were raised and nicely positioned. Then he thrust his prick into Asha's gaping, throbbing cunt and gave long hard strokes.



He then withdrew and did the same to Mini's cunt , holding one leg each together. Both Asha and Mini drew double the pleasure from this, since while one was being fucked, the other too was moving in the same rythmn. Sushil kept alternating and fucking them. He went on and on, both Asha and Mini continued to moan and wail as orgasm after orgasm swept thru their bodies. When Sushil could feel he was about to explode he withdrew his prick and let go of their legs. He straddled Asha's breasts and put his prick into her mouth. He loved to see such a pretty fair horny face sucking his prick. This is what he wanted to do to Asha since he first saw her sexy face. He exploded inside her mouth and this time roughly forced her to take-in all his semen. Asha gurgled and gagged but his semen kept coming in. Finally Sushil withdrew his fat prick from her mouth and rubbed his prick all over her sexy face and hair. He then collapsed on the bed along with them and continued to bite and nibble at whatever part of skin came in contact with his mouth.



Asha finally got up and went to the toilet to pee. Semen was still coming out of her cunt lips. She washed her face in the mirror and saw dried semen all over her body and hair. Her hair was all knotted with dry semen and try as she did she could not untangle them. Her hair, bastard had really done her in, how was she going to go home in this manner. Asha had always been particular of her hair, a lot of care and time went into taking care of it. Now this mess was unbearable for her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also there were hickies on her neck, cheeks, breasts and her lips just as her cunt lips were swollen. She thought, "My God, I better stay away from Rajesh till these disappear". Thinking of Rajesh she saw the time was 5.35pm and she needed to get back, bathe before he came in at aro 7.pm.



They had been fucking away for more than 3 hours. Asha came out of the toilet to search for her clothes. Sushil saw her bending down and quickly got up and started slapping her huge buttocks. " Sali teri badi gannd&nbsp;&nbsp; ko chodne ka chance he nahi mila", said Sushil while slapping her buttocks. Asha saw that Sushil had got a hard-on again. Asha was turned on by Sushil's using vulgar hindi and by his slapping and kneading her bums. She replied " Noo Sushiil, Rajesh will be getting back, Please let me go, another time you can fuck me, I promise, please let me go now".&nbsp; Saying this Asha hurriedly started picking her clothes. When Asha saw the semen stains on her saree and torn blouse and panty she began to cry. Her saree was beyond repair, all crumpled and ripped in certain places. Mini came to her rescue by offering to give her clothes, but she did not have a saree, only the sexy black dress she had worn on the party night.. So Asha had no choice but to wear that dress without panties. Her swollen nipples could clearly be seen and the dress was very tight around the arse , she had to hike it higher, whereby the dried cum on her cunt hairs and inner thighs could be clearly seen.



Crying, Asha left&nbsp; Sushil's apartment. She had difficult walking in the dress and when she sat down to drive her car, the dress rode up and her swollen cunt-lips and semen matted cunt hair could clearly be seen. She put some paper napkins to cover her cunt and thighsfrom bus view and drove home. At stoplights Asha noticed that the vendors and beggars were having a field day staring at her almost naked body.&nbsp; On reaching home she prayed that nobody should see her and almost ran into her room, locking it. But lo behold her maid was doing her room and she came face to face with her. Asha lowered her eyes and asked her to get out of the room. The maid saw the dishevelled state Asha&nbsp;&nbsp; was in and quickly realized that her memsaab had been thoroughly fucked that day. She would use this knowledge to her advantage very soon. Smiling and staring&nbsp; up and down at Asha, the maid&nbsp; left the room. Unknown to Asha, her father-in-law too had seen her coming in, peeking from his bedroom. He was always spying on her.&nbsp; He knew that she had worn a saree and comeback in somebody else's clothes looking thoroughly fucked. He now saw an opportunity to have her the way he wanted. Furthermore, unknown to Asha there were photographs taken of her cock-sucking and fucking, which too could be used against her wishes.



More of Asha's path to debauchery next time. A lot of readers have appreciated the earlier part and emailed me their comments. Some have asked if I am related to Asha. My answer is keep guessing. I look forward to your encouraging comments. This is a true story with minor modifications.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Masala


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





