BDSM Library - Card Sharp




Card Sharp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl agrees to set up a game of strip cards between her ex-boyfriend and the girl he fancies.  But the cards are fixed...


Card Sharp

by Some Writer


"You fancy her, don't you?" Jane asked after Nina left.

"Maybe," I said, trying to be nonchalant.  But Jane could always tell immediately what I was thinking - I shouldn't have even bothered.  An 
after-effect of having gone out together for a few years.

"I knew it," she said excitedly.  "So are you going to ask her out?"

"Maybe."

"You'd love to fuck her wouldn't you?"

"Do you have to be so coarse?" I asked, rolling my eyes in an exaggerated manner.

"It's true though isn't it?"

"Yes, it is."

"What if you could play strip poker with her, would you do it?"  Jane had a glint in her eye as she asked.

"Yes.  Why?"

"What if I was to convince her to play a game with you and me.  And since you're a bit funny about getting naked in front of people, I'll fix it so 
that she loses."

I was sorely tempted as soon as Jane explained her plan.  "Do you think you can convince her?" I asked, the excitement showing in my voice.

"With a drink or two, yep I think so.  I'll arrange it for next week."

* * *

"How about a game of cards?" Jane asked as Nina sipped her cocktail.  My heart leapt; I had been waiting all evening for this.  In fact, I had really 
been waiting all week, ever since Jane had proposed it to me.

"Sure," Nina said.

"Why don't we make it a bit more interesting, and play some strip cards?"

"Risque," Nina said with a laugh.

"Are you game?" Jane pressed.

"If you guys are, why not."  Nina had agreed more easily than I had expected - perhaps Jane had softened her up beforehand, or maybe it was just the 
drink.

"I am," I said, trying not to sound too excited.  "So is it poker?"

"No, just a high card draw I think - keep it simple."  Jane gave me a look, and I understood that it would be the easiest way to fix the game.  I 
readily agreed.

"Haven't you guys seen it all before though?" Nina asked.  "I mean, you did used to go out together."

"I'm always up for seeing it again," I said truthfully.

"You wish," Jane said with a laugh.  We sat down around the small table in the centre of the room.  Jane was wearing her customary big jumper and 
jeans, whereas Nina was wearing a simple red top and some figure hugging trousers.  Both girls were brunettes although Jane's hair was darker, almost 
black.  Jane had a slightly plain face, and a fairly shapeless body.  On looks alone she was not the most attractive girl I had seen, but she had an 
innate 
sexiness and allure that superseded any more superficial points.  Many guys seemed to fall for her, and I was one of the lucky ones who had actually 
gone out with her.  Nina, in contrast, was a fairly slim girl with a cute face and a grin that had already seduced me.  I had only met her recently, 
through Jane, and was building momentum towards overcoming my natural reticence and asking her out.  The game began in earnest.  The early rounds 
progressed quickly; we all lost our socks and the serious rounds began with us all barefoot.

Despite knowing that Jane was fixing the game, I didn't know what order things would happen, so between the expectation of seeing Nina naked and that 
edge of danger, my heart was thumping against my ribcage.  I cautiously drew an eight, Nina pulled a ten off the top of the pack, and then Jane took 
the six that turned out to be below that.  Nonplussed, she slipped off her trousers and threw them aside.  Jane's legs were neither fat nor thin, and 
nor were they shapely.  They somehow managed to be distinctly average in every sense.  I noted the simple pink underwear that she had chosen to 
wear; I had bought those for her.

Nina took a three from the top of the pack to start the next round and I smiled, knowing that this must be her first losing round.  Jane took out a 
king, and I confidently took the next card.  The smile fell from my face as I saw it was a two.  I looked up angrily at Jane - this was her way of 
teasing me.  She showed no signs of emotion on her face.  I stood up and pulled off my jumper.  Nina smiled at the sight of my bare 
chest, and I felt a swell of pride.  I am no 
body-builder, but there are clearly muscles there, and little fat, with no body-hair to obscure my features.  I sat back down as Jane took another 
card - a ten.  I received a jack, and Nina an 
eight.  I watched, confused, as she reached her hands behind herself.

Through some contorted movements she managed to take her bra off and get her arms out of it without ever removing her top.  I felt cheated, but 
couldn't prevent my arousal at the knowledge that her breasts were bare beneath the exterior of her clothing.  I drew my next card in annoyance, and 
lost the round.  Jane gave me a reassuring look to indicate that Nina's time would soon be at hand as I stood up and slid off my trousers to reveal my 
legs.  Not as hairy as I perhaps would like, but decently muscled.

Nina drew her next card - a five.  Jane had a queen.  I tentatively reached for the next card, and picked up a four.  I instantly glared at Jane, who 
continued to make eye motions indicating that I should trust her.

"Come on then, show us what you've got," Nina said with a slight slur.  I stood up, and peeled down my underwear, looping it over the top of my 
erection.  Nina raised her eyebrows at the sight of my stiff cock, and Jane laughed at my embarrassment.  I stood for a second, feeling my face flush 
as they both stared at my naked, aroused, form.  My humiliation did not help my arousal; I have always been turned on by it, despite hating it.  Jane 
made a motion to indicate that I should turn around, and I slowly span on the spot until I was facing the girls again.  The one positive was that Nina 
seemed fairly interested in what she saw.

"Sit down, big boy," Jane told me.  I followed her advice.  "Now, I think it's only fair that we continue to play, don't you?"

"Yes," I said, irritation creeping in to my voice.  Nina nodded.

"But don't you think," said Jane as she got up and moved towards me, "that it's also fair that our loser doesn't get to see us."

"That makes sense," Nina said with a giggle.

"This is to stop you seeing," Jane said as she walked behind me and slipped a sleeping-mask blindfold over my eyes, "and these are to stop you trying 
to peek."  She pulled my wrists behind me and handcuffed them together before I knew what was going on.  I opened my mouth to swear at Jane but then 
thought better of it.  I wondered how I must look, now restrained.  The bondage helped my erection as much as the humiliation had; Jane knew all too 
well that I would be simultaneously hating my predicament while being uncontrollably aroused by it.  I didn't know whether to love her or hate her for 
it.  Probably both.

I heard the clear crisp snap of the cards as I sat blind, wondering what was going on.  As if reading my thoughts, Jane called out that Nina had lost 
her trousers.  I began imagining the scene before me in my mind as Jane kept calling out what was going on.  Jane lost her jumper, leaving her in bra 
and panties, but Nina lost all the other rounds.  She was naked!  I tried to subtly peek out from my blindfold but I could not manage it.

"Nina's all naked," Jane said as she walked over to me again, and began whispering in my ear.  "Doesn't it just kill you that the girl you fancy so 
desperately is naked all of two metres away, and the only person who can see her is me?  But don't worry, I'll help you out by describing her.  As 
you've probably 
noticed, she has incredibly smooth skin, all over her body.  Her tits are the size of apples, not sagging, with stand-out nipples that just roll a 
little bit away from 
each other, pointing out to the side.  Her stomach just has a little curve on it, not quite flat, but still something that many women would kill for.  
Her legs are round and smooth, with a flat mole on her left inside thigh.  Her bush is not too thick, but unshaven.  And when she stood up and turned 
round - well, you won't find a more perfectly curved ass than that in any of the men's magazines that you read.  I'm sure you want to see her right 
now, but just trust me.  Hold on, don't say anything stupid, and I guarantee that she'll want to come back again next week."

Jane then unexpectedly pulled me to my feet and almost as quickly down onto my knees again.  As my cock slapped lightly against my stomach I felt 
pre-come on my stomach, no doubt from Jane's teasing description of Nina.  I was roughly shoved forward, leaving me bent over the 
low table that the cards were on.  I heard Jane rustling in a bag behind the chair, and Nina laughed when she had finished.

"Do you know what this is Nina?" Jane asked.

"I think so," Nina answered.  I stayed still, wondering what it was.

"Now, our mutual friend here George has a liking for this particular item."  My mind was racing, thinking of all the things Jane could have that she 
knew I 
liked.  It was not a short list.  "This one is relatively small, so it shouldn't cause any trouble.  Now, open your mouth."  She didn't say my name 
but I knew it was directed at me.  I did so, expecting food, and suddenly felt a dildo sliding all the way in until I gagged.

Realisation hit me all at once, as my body convulsed from the gag reflex.  Jane was wearing a strap-on dildo, one of the pair that she and I had 
jointly owned when we were going out.  Not only was she penetrating my mouth with it, she was doing so in front of Nina, who now knew of my penchant 
for them.  I was fucked, in several respects.  I felt so embarrassed, the girl I desired watching me trussed up and getting fucked in the mouth by my 
ex-girlfriend who was busy happily explaining that I had a fetish for them.  All my hopes of going out with her were vanishing hand-in-hand with my
dignity.

"He loves it.  For me, it's like being a bloke really, quite fun," Jane explained casually to Nina as she pumped in and out of my mouth.  "Tell me, 
has a guy ever asked you 
for anal sex?"

"Oh yes," I heard Nina say.  She was sitting to my left, getting a profile view of the proceedings.

"And do they expect you to accept, despite the fact that they'd never let anything near their ass in a million years?"

"Uh-huh."

"Well, the one good thing about George here is that he isn't afraid to endure exactly what you would have to.  Would you George?" Jane asked as she 
suddenly pulled out of my mouth.

"No," I said through clenched teeth as I felt Jane cross around my body.  I knew what was coming next, and did not react as I felt the tip of the thin 
saliva-covered dildo at my anal entrance.  The only thing that I still found surprising was that Nina had not left yet.  Jane slipped the dildo in 
deftly, and I groaned involuntarily at the feeling.  I wondered why Jane felt that she had to screw up my chances like this.

"Do you think it looks interesting?" Jane asked, in the manner of a cheerful tour guide, as she began to fuck my ass.  

"Yeah, kinda," Nina said coyly.  That was not the answer I had expected.

"Well, there's another one in the bag," Jane called out over the sound of my moans as I was steadily fucked.  The large one!  And Nina was going to 
put it on.  I was aroused, 
humiliated, excited and dejected all at once, that she should be involved in this sorry scene, that was admittedly turning me on quite a lot.

There was some rustling, and undefinable movement sounds over by the bag before Nina asked: "What should I do now?"

"Put it in his mouth," Jane said, and I opened my mouth as Nina inexpertly bashed the larger dong against my lips.  She poked it in at the second 
attempt and as she went deeper and deeper I realised that I could faintly smell her pussy.  It was intoxicating, and held me in a trance that meant I 
almost didn't notice the dildo in my ass.  My attention was focused solely on the larger dildo sliding slowly in and out of my mouth over my prone 
tongue as I breathed Nina's sexuality in.  It barely occurred to me that I was experiencing one of my ultimate fantasies - being worked over by two 
women with strap-ons while tied up, not to mention humiliated.

"How would you like to try his ass now?" Jane asked, and I was snapped out of my reverie.  To my displeasure, Nina withdrew.  Jane did the same, and I 
felt Nina's cock at my entrance.  I wondered for a moment how stupid I must look to her, as she nestled the dildo between my ass cheeks, by my 
exposed ass-hole.  Not exactly manly, I thought to myself.  But all such thoughts were forgotten as she entered me.  The invading phallus stretched me 
almost to the point of pain as it slid in.  It was noticeably larger than the dildo that Jane wore, and I was really feeling the difference.  
Nina began sliding slowly in and out, with a sensation that hinged between pleasure and pain.  Jane's breath was on my cheek, and she was whispering 
in my ear.

"See.  The girl of your dreams is fucking you in the ass, and loving it.  What more could you want?"

"Touch me," I pleaded, suddenly strongly aware of the large erection I had, my cock longing for Nina's pussy that was only inches away. 

"You'd like that wouldn't you..."  Jane's voice faded into my subconscious as suddenly Nina picked up her pace and began slamming me from behind.  I 
could think of nothing else as she began fucking me hard, pounding my whole body into submission.  Somewhere Jane's voice was getting through; I knew 
that I had to beg to come, and it had to be louder, and louder still, until I was dimly aware that I was shouting for one of them, either of them, 
somebody to make me come.

Then it stopped.  Nina pulled out, and it was all over.

"How about?" Jane said, as I recovered from the slight shock of the sudden stop, "one last round of cards.  The loser has to give head to the winner.  
George?"

"Yes," I said instantly, wondering how Jane would fix the cards for this round.  It did not fit the pattern to allow me to receive a blow-job, but 
maybe she would be kind.  Perhaps Nina would be made to suck my prick.  The only gain for Jane seemed to be if I was to give her head; that therefore
seemed most likely in her scheme.

"I'm game," Nina said, and my heart began pounding as I was pushed back from the table and the cards were gathered from around me.  I heard Jane pick 
one off the pile before she put it in my mouth.

"A queen," she told me.  Another card was picked.  "I have a six," Jane announced for my benefit.  What could this mean - I would not give her head.  
What were the possibilities, I thought quickly; Nina or Jane would give me head, unless-

"A king," Nina said aloud.

"Looks like I am going to be licking pussy then," Jane said.  I thought that my cock could get no stiffer but I was wrong.  Jane was doing this to 
tease me, I knew.  
It would not be the first time that Jane had licked out another girl - she had told me of one or two such prior encounters - but now she would be 
doing it right in front of me, and I would not be able to see.  it was torture.

I was forced to remain there for twenty minutes, listening intently to the licking, slurping and kissing sounds, mixed in with moaning from Nina as 
Jane worked away, invisible to me despite being almost close enough to touch.  My frustration was outweighed only by my arousal as Nina's moans became 
louder and more frequent.  Once she had audibly come, Jane spoke.

"I bet you'd like to taste her juices wouldn't you?"

"Yes," I said earnestly.  The next thing I knew, Jane was kissing me.  My lips intersected with hers, our kiss lubricated by Nina's juices.  Jane's 
tongue was in my mouth and I was trying to lick it clean.  We broke our kiss and I started trying to lick her lips as our faces entwined again.  
Driven by my unrequited arousal I couldn't help myself as I tried to consume all of Nina that Jane offered.

Jane pulled away, and I heard her tell Nina to redress.  By the time my blindfold was removed and light flooded my eyes, the two women were fully 
redressed and composed, while I was knelt naked on the floor, my hands still restrained, and dick still hard.

"So, are you up for doing this again next week?" Jane asked as Nina headed to the door.

"Yes," Nina said as she turned, and she paused while a smile crept across her lips.  "But next time, there will be no need to fix the cards."






Card Sharp part 2

by Some Writer


"We have a confession to make," Nina explained the next week when the three of us got together again.  "Before the game, I knew that Jane was going to 
fix the cards in my favour rather than 
yours.  She asked me in advance about certain things, and I admitted to being curious.  I was all for having a fair game this week where the winner 
would dominate the loser.  However Jane has informed me that you only like being dominated, and she is not so keen on being dominated.  Personally, 
I'm just interested in this whole thing.  So we're going to have a high-card draw, between me and Jane, and the winner will decide how we will 
dominate you."

I was still taking it all in as Jane handed me the cards and told me to shuffle.  I did so, wondering if I would be able to fix the draw, but also 
realising that I wasn't actually sure who I wanted to win.  I laid down the shuffled cards, and Jane turned over the top one for herself.  A nine.  
Nina picked one up, and revealed: a jack.

"It's me," Nina said with a smile that made me want to kiss her.  "Now, Jane has been explaining a lot of this to me over the past week, so I have a 
bit of a head start.  First things first - you strip, and we'll put on our dildos."  I hadn't expected Nina to be so confident; this was a side of her 
I had not seen before.  I began disrobing, revealing my already-growing erection, as Jane and Nina set about putting on their dildos.

"Now.  I want you to lick my cock for five minutes, then Jane's for five minutes, and then do us both again.  Place your hands on our hips while 
you're doing it - I don't want you playing with yourself."  Nina and Jane sat on armchairs.  I knelt and shuffled towards Nina, putting my hands on 
the sides of her deep blue jeans, feeling the firmness of her hips beneath.  It was an odd situation; here I was obeying her command to lick her 
fake dick, and yet placing my hands on her hips was really the closest I had gotten to her.  I bowed my head and took the tip of her wavering dildo in 
my mouth.

Just as I had always done with Jane, I licked it in a showy style, making it evident to my mistress that I was licking rather than just keeping it out 
of sight in my mouth.  Nina was wearing the smaller of the dildos, and thus it was fairly easy to do my various sucking, licking and head-bobbing 
motions.  Nina began running her fingers through my mid-length brown hair as I worked away.  I enjoyed the feeling of closeness and tenderness between 
us as I licked away.  I didn't want the five minutes to end but it did all too soon.

I shuffled to my left where Jane was waiting for me.  She widened her legs to let me move forwards and grab her hips before I took her larger dildo in 
my mouth.  I began servicing her in the same showy fashion, and Jane began rustling my hair as Nina had.  Suddenly Jane used the hand on the back of 
my head to pull me forcefully towards her, and the dildo slid swiftly backwards into my mouth, filling it.  She used her experience to hold me next to 
the point of gagging, barely able to breathe, and my muscles tensing in the start of a gag reflex.  I was almost gagging, almost suffocating.  Neither 
my hands on Jane's hips nor her hand on my head wavered.

After what felt like eternity, Jane released me.  I was almost able to catch my breath before I was forced back down again, and up and down and up and 
down.  I gripped Jane tightly and focused on breathing and not gagging as she enforced the pace of movement.  Thankfully five minutes was soon up, and 
I recovered as I switched back to Nina.

I restarted my slower licking that I had been doing early, and flinched as she began running her hands through my hair.  "It's ok," she said softly.  
"Don't worry."  I relaxed and just enjoyed the experience, servicing the girl I desired.  It did not even occur to me that I was near her pussy as I 
licked away on her dildo, concentrating solely on performing the task she had set for me.

Five minutes later I was back with Jane.  This time she let me do it my own way, and did not interfere.  When my time was up, I knelt further away, in 
front of both of them, awaiting my orders.

"Jane has been kind enough to show me a lot of the things you two used to use," Nina explained.  Jane had gone away with all our toys when we split 
up, for reasons I could no longer remember.  "But rather than let her explain them all, I want you to.  So go and get them out of the bags by the 
sofa, and do a bit of show-and-tell."

I returned to their feet with the bags, and began producing items with simple explanations.

"Blindfold."

"And why is that good?" Nina asked.

"It's more exciting if I can't see what is about to happen," I explained.  "Plus, it heightens your other senses.  Ear-plugs."  Nina raised her 
eyebrows pointedly as I tried to move on.  "They are good for similar reasons.   Don't know what's coming, focuses you more on what you feel and 
smell."

I continued through the rest: "Gag.  I feel more dominated if I can't speak.  Nipple clamps.  Mild pain is a bit of a turn-on.  Not too much though!  
Paddle, same reason.  Anal plugs, of various sizes.  They keep my ass full, which is good.  This one is inflatable.  All the ones with these battery 
packs vibrate.  These are leather hand-cuffs, for tying up.  Leather ankle-cuffs, same reason.  Fur-lined collar, for a bit of added kinkiness.  And 
that's the lot."

Nina merely nodded throughout.  "Put the blindfold and ear-plugs on," she told me.  She turned her head to Jane and added: "Fuck him hard until he 
doesn't remember what his name is."  It was quite a marked difference from her earlier behaviour, and it made me a little edgy as I followed my 
instructions.  A 
minute or two after I had blinded and deafened myself I 
felt Jane guide me onto all-fours on the carpet, before she went behind me and began lubricating and gently stretching my ass with her fingers.  
I shivered slightly in nervous anticipation.  When 
I was almost ready to be able to take her large dildo, Jane forced it upon me, stretching me as she entered me.  I had barely recovered from the 
sensation when she began thrusting, slowly at first.  Once I had got used to her rhythm, she began increasing her pace, never letting me settle down.

Soon she was alternating between breathers of slow thrusting, and incredible bouts of hard fucking when I could think of nothing but what was 
happening to me, my mind blanked as I just tried to stay in position during my ass-ramming.  Then when I had almost become used to that, Jane pulled 
my arms back towards her and held my hands as she pounded me, my face rubbing painfully on the carpet.  She continued until my face was getting 
raw.

I was moved around until I was atop Jane, straddling her as she had done to me on previous occasions, a long while ago.
  But this time it was to be her that would penetrate me, the muscles in my ass dilating as I sat on her phallus, leaning forward slightly.
Neither of us moved and for a moment I wondered if I was meant to be moving.  Then I felt something poking at my penetrated ass, and 
realised in shock that it was Nina's dildo.  Surely she did not intend to penetrate me at the same time, I thought.

"No way," I said, before I even realised I had said it.

"Our slave seems to be resisting," I heard Jane say loudly.

"Let's give him his reward to keep him quiet," Nina responded, with a wry tone.  I wondered what she meant, but then she explained.  "Jane and I have 
taken off our panties you see.  And now, for your efforts, we're giving them to you."  I felt cloth on my lips, and two pairs of panties, side by 
side, were forced into my mouth.  I instinctively tried to taste the two girls' intimate honey, but was immediately distracted as Nina began pushing 
against my 
already-stretched hole.  To my surprise it admitted her dildo, and I was stretched beyond belief.  It was mildly painful and I bit down on the 
underwear of my mistresses to suppress groans of pain.  She slid all the way in, and remained there for a few moments.

Nina began thrusting.  It was a very strange sensation, having one dildo thrusting in and out, bumping against the other, and making me slide slightly 
up and down the larger dildo.  I felt like my ass would never recover as it was fucked by two women at once.  I felt like a porn-star, and not in a 
good way; used, solely for their spectacle.  Double-penetration was what my audience demanded, and I had no choice but to give it to them.
Needless to say, my cock was completely rigid, grinding softly against Jane's stomach beneath me, but not enough for my climax.

After a couple of minutes, Nina tried to pick up the pace, and something seemed to poke the wrong place inside me.  I shouted in pain, and the dildos 
were quickly withdrawn from me.  The pain died down, and I was freed.

"Sorry," Nina offered.

"No problem," I replied, blinking at the light now flooding into my eyes.

"Rest up for next week," she told me with a wink.  I smiled.






Card Sharp part 3

by Some Writer


Just over a week later, the three of us met again, mid-afternoon on a Saturday.  I was a bit puzzled by the time, but all such thoughts were purged 
when I was ordered by Nina to strip off.

A minute later I was handed the ankle-cuffs and leg-cuffs to put on.  I did so, and then awaited my next order.  "Turn around, bend over, and insert 
this," Nina said, handing me a small butt plug.  I turned round and bent over, flushing slightly at the thought of Nina and Jane staring at my ass as 
I spread 
my cheeks.  I lubricated my tight hole, now hopefully recovered from the previous penetrative outing the week before, in my normal showy fashion, 
making all my movements visible to the voyeurs behind me.

I slid the plug home, breathing a sigh of relief as I felt no pain, although I felt a bit tighter than I would usually expect.  As my sphincter 
settled around its new companion, I stood and turned round to face my mistresses again.  To my surprise, they both removed their trousers, before 
their usual routine of putting on their dildos.  This time Nina wore the larger of the two, which I noticed while gazing at her legs; the first time 
that I had seen them.  Jane had been correct; they were very smooth, with a solitary noticeable mole on the left thigh.

"Do you know what's going to happen now?" Nina asked with a smile.

"Not exactly, but I have a vague idea," I answered, not sure what she wanted.

"Well, it's almost certainly wrong," she replied calmly.  "You see, while you have certain fetishes that I am currently learning about - and quite 
enjoying, as it happens - I also have some of my own.  Today we're going to try and intersect the two.  I want you to get redressed."

"With all of this still on?" I asked.

"Yes."  As I redressed, so did Nina and Jane.  The dildos left a bulge at the front of their trousers, nothing too noticeable but if you looked you 
could see it.  My plug of course left no bulge but the cuffs on my wrists were just visible at the ends of my sleeves.  Nina and Jane picked up a 
backpack each from the side of the room, and then headed to the door.

"We're going out?" I asked.

"Yep, we certainly are," Nina said, raising her eyebrows suggestively.  I followed them to the hallway, put on my shoes, and went out into the outside 
world.  I sincerely doubt that my plug made me walk any differently, or that my cuffs could be seen beneath my coat, but that did not stop me worrying 
that someone would notice and approach me about them.  The girls, for their part, were very casual and nonchalant.  We caught a bus into the city 
centre, and walked to the cinema.  Once we had bought our tickets, my mistresses took me to one side.  Jane slid off her backpack and extracted a 
butt-plug, one size larger than the one I was wearing - that I recognised as having a wireless remote - and an opaque plastic bag.

"I want you to take that into the men's toilets," Nina explained in a hushed voice, "and swap it for your current one, which you will put into this 
bag.  We'll be waiting out here."  Surprised by the boldness of her request, I slipped the plug into my pocket and walked off to the toilets.  I 
slipped into the one empty cubicle of the three available.  I was so nervous that I waited until the other two were empty before daring to swap the 
plugs.  I also used the toilet while in there, and came back out to find Nina and Jane pouting at me.

"What took you so long?" Nina said sternly.  "The film is about to start."  I mumbled my apologies, afraid that someone would hear, and we rushed into 
our cinema.  It was not an especially popular film, and the cinema had only around thirty people in it.  We made our way up to the back-row, four 
rows behind (and a way across from) the next nearest group of people.  When the trailers finished and the lights dimmed, Nina lent over to me.  I felt 
her breath on my neck, and for a moment longed to kiss her.

"Close your eyes and open your mouth," she whispered.  I did as I was told, and was rewarded with a rubber ball-gag between my teeth.  By the time I 
had recovered from my shock, it was fastened behind my head.  "Shh," Nina whispered.  "Don't draw attention."  She was right - that was the last 
thing I wanted.  I pleaded at her with my eyes, but it was dark and I doubted that she would be swayed even if she could see my expression.

Nina and Jane got up very slowly and quietly, and taking one hand each, moved away from me.  I wanted to struggle, but even more I wanted for everyone 
else in the cinema not to turn round.  My hands were pulled to the arm-rests one seat away on either side, where they were promptly tied.  For the 
final touch, the girls lent back over, and undid my trousers before tugging them and my underwear down to my ankles.  Then they left me.

They went and sat far enough away that it was no longer clear that I was with them.  If anyone did find me, the girls could just pretend not to have 
noticed.  If someone in the rows in front did turn round now then in the darkness they might just be able to see a man with a gag in his mouth, arms 
stretched across the adjacent seats, with his trousers and underwear around his ankles.  I sat in mortal fear that they might turn round and see 
just that.  My humiliation was intense, and despite my fear I could feel my dick growing.

I sat like that for two hours, petrified that at any moment someone would turn round, perhaps prompted by my heavy breathing through my nose or a 
slight shuffle in my seat.  To 
make 
matters worse, I soon found out that Nina had the remote control to my butt-plug, which she delighted in making vibrate for short and long periods 
without ever turning to look at me.  Shortly before the end of the film, which I had barely been paying attention to, Nina returned to free me, and I 
was allowed to put my trousers back on.

We all went down to the lobby together, where I was given the next largest plug (only one size down from the largest, the inflatable), and told to 
insert that, and return before Nina got back from also visiting the toilet, or else there would be punishment.  I hurried as best I could, and 
returned to sigh with relief at seeing only Jane waiting for me.

"She's got a thing for sex in public, in case you hadn't guessed," Jane told me hurriedly.  "I wasn't sure if you could take it, but I figured I 
should let her try.  How are you holding up?"

"Okay so far," I admitted.  "But it's quite scary."  Jane was about to reply to me, but caught sight of Nina returning and said nothing.  We exited 
the cinema and went for a walk in the nearby park.  Nina stopped us at a bench next to a large wooded area, several square miles worth as I recalled.

"I'm going to sit here for a while.  Jane knows what to do," Nina told me.

Jane led me off into the trees.  When we were far enough in to be out of Nina's earshot I quizzed Jane on what was about to happen, because of her 
comments earlier.  Jane turned to me and gave me a stern look.  "I may be your friend, but I'm still just as much your mistress as she is.  Drop your 
trousers and bend over."  I did as instructed, worried at Jane's reversal of tone.  I didn't know what she intended, but I soon found out when the 
paddle landed on my exposed buttocks.  I received ten strokes, all the time looking round to see if anyone was nearby to hear the slaps that 
constituted my punishment, and my yelps that they caused.

When Jane finished, I pulled my trousers back up, and we continued out into the woods.  I had no idea how far we had gone when she stopped us by  a 
tree.  I was ordered to strip.  Looking around me all the time, I obeyed.  It was autumn but as hot as a summer day, and I did not feel cold as I 
stood naked - except for my cuffs and plug - before my mistress.  She handed me a blindfold, and once I had put it on she pushed me up against a tree 
behind me.  my ankles and wrists were tied with a chain around the tree, to keep me bound to the rough trunk behind me.

"I'm leaving now," Jane explained.  "That's all you need to know.  I wouldn't call out if I were you - wouldn't want to draw attention."  Once again I 
had to keep quiet for my own sake, and I could only listen to Jane crunching leaves beneath her feet as she walked further and further away until I 
could no longer hear her.

I had no choice but to remain quiet, wondering what their plan was.  One of them would surely be back for me.  Unless I was meant to escape?  Jane's 
instructions had been cryptic, and I wasn't even sure that they would be able to find me again amongst the trees.  I spent a few minutes trying to 
escape, but it proved fruitless.  All I could do was wait.

Some time later I heard footsteps on the leaves.  They became louder, and I realised that the person was walking towards me.  I knew that they had 
seen me, so I saw no harm in calling out.  They did not answer, but kept advancing.  I called again, and as I did so I felt a finger on my lips in a 
shh-ing motion.  Then her hand was in my hair, tousling it, and she drew close, and Nina kissed me.

It felt as if she was kissing me with her whole body, her lips a mere extension of her form pressed up against me.  It was passionate, and expressed 
more emotion that I had previously discerned from her.  She wanted me, and I was definitely hers for the taking.

"I-" I began when she stopped, but again she quietened me with her finger.

"No words, only actions," she whispered, and pushed gently downwards on my head.  I sunk slowly to my knees, still bound to the tree at my back.  I 
opened my mouth and Nina presented me with her dildo.  I sucked and nibbled and licked and bobbed as I sought to do my mistress's bidding.  After a 
time she withdrew, and knelt behind me to undo my bonds.  I tried to blink away the sunlight as my gag was removed, but could 
make out Nina motioning 
at my clothes, strewn on the floor beside me.  I redressed in silence, and we made our way back to the bench where Jane waited without saying a word 
to each other.

"Dinner?" Jane asked.

"Dinner," Nina agreed.

So it was that I ended up eating in a restaurant with two pretty girls who were wearing concealed dildos, while I wore a plug and cuffs on my wrists 
and ankles.  Once we had ordered I was sent to the toilet with the final plug; the inflatable one.  I returned within my two minute time limit and sat 
awkwardly as we waited for our food.  Once we were eating, Jane and Nina delighted in subtly leaning over and pumping my plug fuller using the bulb in 
my pocket, and then letting all the air out with the valve.  I tried to eat normally, not showing a reaction to the expanding and contracting item in 
my ass.

After the meal, Nina led us to a nearby children's adventure park.  It was getting late, dark enough that no-one was trying to use the equipment.  The 
park was secluded by a fence on most sides, but there was a footpath from which someone might be able to see what we were up to.  This was of definite 
concern to me as I was forced to strip naked.  Nina and Jane produced some chains from their backpacks which they used to truss me up, suspending my 
naked body from monkey bars intended to be swung on, my arms pulled behind me and my legs suspended together, which left my head looking down 
and hanging low.

"Tell me," Nina said.  I tried to raise my head to look at her but I couldn't manage it in my current position.  "Has your cock been hard since we set 
out today?"

"Most of the day," I admitted.

"Would you like us to do something about that?"

"Please," I pleaded.

"Jane, get down below him and get ready to suck him off," Nina said.  My heart leapt, as did my cock, as Jane knelt below me, her mouth only inches 
from my swollen prick.

"Have you enjoyed these past few weeks?" Nina asked.

"Yes, very much."

"How would you like them to continue - to submit to me?"

"In what way?"

"Not a life-style thing.  We'd be going out, and in our sex life I'd be mistress and you'd be slave, while we both learn new things.  How 
does that sound?"

"Fantastic," I blurted out at the thought of retaining my mistress.

"There are a few conditions though.  We'd be semi-monogamous.  My mouth, pussy and ass would all be reserved only for you, but my hands and my 
cock are free for me to use on other people.  I want to experiment with my new-found hobby.  For your part, your cock will be mine, while your ass and 
mouth will be mine to use or maybe even lend out, for example to Jane here.  What do you say?"  When Nina finished, I looked at Jane and realised that 
it was a test.  If I said yes, Jane would have to leave my cock untouched.  If I said no, I got a blow-job, which I intensely desired, but I lost 
Nina.

"Yes," I said.  I would be hers.  Nina and Jane let me down, and we went home.





Card Sharp part 4

by Some Writer


Later that week, Nina explained to me my first task as her submissive.

"You're going to help me in another card game.  You'll be the bait to draw them in, and I'll fix the cards to ensure I catch them."

"Catch who sorry?"

"Oh, you'll find out on the night.  But one thing: they don't know we're going out, and for my plan to work we mustn't let on."

As promised, I did not know who was coming until the night of the game.  It turned out to be two of Nina's friends, Rebecca and Kirsty.  I am 
in my twenties, and Nina is around my age if not a year or two younger, but when Rebecca walked in I thought that she was clearly much younger - to 
the point where I was worried about her age.

"How old is she?" I hissed in Nina's ear.

"Don't worry," she whispered back, "she's twenty, she just looks young for her age."  She definitely did.  She had red hair that curled as it fell to 
her shoulders.  Her face was very youthful and lightly freckled, which had given cause to my alarm.  She wore a long fashionable coat that hid her 
figure well, although for some reason I noticed her hands - small, soft, dainty and lady-like.  Kirsty was a blonde who looked slightly older than me.  
She was quite short, with straight shoulder-length blonde hair and a particularly cute nose.  Her figure-hugging trousers and top revealed her 
attractive hour-glass figure.

Pleasantries were exchanged, and the early evening passed without notable incident until Nina inevitably brought up the idea of strip cards.  The 
girls were slightly hesitant at first, given that I had the most to gain and they the least, but Nina won them round, and explained her rules: we 
would play until only one person remained with clothing.  Naked people would be out of the game.  I knew that Nina would have fixed herself to be the 
winner, so I was able to look forward to seeing the other two girls naked, barring any tricks like last time.  The order of play was: Nina, myself, 
Rebecca then Kirsty.

By the time the game got serious, Nina had lost her socks and shoes, as had Kirsty.  Rebecca still had one sock on, and I lost the first round that 
led to the removal of more serious items of clothing; in this case my jumper.  Kirsty wolf-whistled as I stood up and removed my jumper with as much 
confidence as I could muster.  Rebecca smiled sweetly at me, and Nina gave me a faint nod of acknowledgement.  Smiling, I waited for the next round.

Kirsty lost the round, which led to her removing her trousers.  She had attractive fleshy legs; not slim, but instead round and appealing to the eye.
Her large red panties covered everything of interest.  This was followed the next round by her jumper.  She had a slightly bulging stomach that she 
was clearly ashamed of, but it was not wholly 
unattractive and her breasts seemed full and ready to burst out of their red bra.

Rebecca lost her sock, and then to my surprise Nina lost the following round.  She stood up and removed her trousers in a mock-stripper fashion, to 
the amusement of the other girls.  The round after that it was my turn to lose my trousers, and I revealed my legs and best black underwear that I had 
worn 
for the occasion.  The girls nodded their approval, and we played the next hand - which Rebecca lost.  The young red-head chose to remove her top.  
Underneath she was wearing a lacy white bra that contained her small breasts.  I could see now that she had a very svelte figure.

Kirsty lost the following round.  Already down to her underwear, she chose to lose her bra.  Her breasts bounced free as she took it off, revealing 
her large areolae around her nipples.  That was followed by Rebecca losing her trousers to reveal her thin, almost-spindly legs, with her matching 
white lace panties covering the top of them.  The next round finally led to my total loss, which I knew had been carefully pre-scripted by Nina.  I 
stood up 
and whipped off my underwear, revealing my cock, stiffened by the sights of semi-naked women around me.  Kirsty winked, Nina smiled, and Rebecca's 
eyes bulged slightly.  I sat back down, out of the game, waiting to watch the other girls strip.

Nina lost again, to my surprise.  For the first time ever I saw her remove her top.  She wore a plain black bra, that encased her breasts.  I knew 
that underneath her nipples would be rolling slightly to each side as Jane had described, and it was as if I could see through her clothing.  The next 
round 
was tense as the girls sensed that they were nearing the end.  It was Rebecca who lost the round.  She stood up and slipped off her panties with 
minimal fuss.  Her bush was a reddish-brown, and obscured what lay beneath.  At Nina's insistence she twirled, revealing her tiny but pert 
buttocks.

Kirsty lost the next round to go out of the game.  She stood and pulled off her large underwear to reveal her pussy, which was waxed into a 
"landing-strip" style.  Nina and I raised our eyebrows but said nothing.  The next round was played slowly, despite only Rebecca and Nina playing.
Rebecca had only her bra left, while Nina had her bra and panties.  Nina pulled up a six, but Rebecca received a four.  She tugged off her bra to 
reveal her small budding breasts.

"I don't think there's any rush for you guys to get clothed again," Nina said, trying to pre-empt any such movement.  "I suggest that we play a bit of 
a game of truth.  I propose a question, since I won, but I draw a card along with the rest of you guys and the loser answers the question."  As she 
had done before, Nina swapped the pack of cards for a new identical pack.  She was quite good at doing it subtly; I only noticed because I knew that 
she was going to do it.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" Nina said aloud, and the other girls looked quite surprised at the boldness of her question.  Nina picked up a 
ten, 
and then watched as I picked up a five.  Was I to answer this question?  It seemed likely.  I waited nervously as Rebecca drew; a jack!  Kirsty picked 
her card and slowly turned it over... a three.  I sighed inwardly with relief.

"Yes, I have," Kirsty said simply.

"Did it hurt?" Rebecca asked inquisitively.

"Not really.  Just strange really.  In actual fact, sort of fun."

Nina gave her next question: "Have you ever had sex outdoors?"  She lost that round, and revealed what I could already have surmised: "Yes, I have.  
Quite a few times actually."

"What sort of places?" Kirsty asked.

"Oh, parks, cinemas, public toilets, that sort of thing.  Next question: have you ever been tied up?"

Nina drew an eight, leaving me to draw a four.  Rebecca drew a queen, and I had a feeling that Kirsty was also going to get a high card.  I was proved 
wrong however when she pulled out a two.  "Erm, yes.  I had a boyfriend who was quite into that sort of thing."  I was developing an admiration for
Kirsty's exploits.

"And the reverse: have you ever tied anyone up?"  Nina made herself lose that question, and owned up to having tied up a "previous boyfriend" in her 
words, and revealed that she still had the bondage gear.  I wasn't sure if she meant me, or had tied up a previous boyfriend, but I was unable to ask 
given that our relationship was a secret for the evening.  "I think we should make it more exciting now," Nina suggested.  "How about the loser has to 
show us how they masturbate?"

Everyone looked at each other nervously, and shuffled in their seats.  "I'm game," I offered, because I knew that was what Nina wanted.  "Go on then," 
Kirsty added, and Rebecca reluctantly nodded.  Nina pulled up a seven, which I had no doubt was enough to save her.  I expected a low card, but just 
as in every 
other round that I expected a low card, I was surprised.  I had a king.  Rebecca drew a six, and Kirsty looked worried as she took from the top of the 
pile... a jack.  Rebecca flushed bright red as she realised that she had lost.

"Spread your legs and give us a demonstration," Nina said with authority.  Rebecca licked the tip of her finger and then slid it down through the mess 
of hair between her legs.  "Spread your labia girl, otherwise we can't see," Nina told her.  Rebecca flushed and moved her other hand downwards.  Her 
thatch was
parted to reveal a tender pussy, and her finger making tight circles on the clitoris.  I watched intently and unabashedly, my cock very obviously 
hard, until Nina let Rebecca stop.

"The loser of the next round is going to suck cock," Nina announced.  I was as surprised as the other girls at this suggestion.

"His?" Kirsty asked, putting voice to my thoughts.

"Not necessarily.  The loser will suck off the winner," Nina told her.

"But we don't have cocks."

"Ah but we can do," Nina said, and fetched her strap-on dildo; the larger one.  The girls looked surprised but curious.  "If one of us wins, we'll 
wear this," Nina said, and I knew then that I would be giving head to one of the girls.  Nina drew a jack - would it be her?  I pulled off a six.  To 
my surprise - I should have learnt by now that Nina was teasing me with this whole game - Rebecca had a two.  Kirsty got a nine, and it was all over.  
Nina began putting 
on the strap-on, while Rebecca sat, nervously waiting.

Nina sat down, opened her legs, and beckoned Rebecca over.  The redhead slipped off her chair and crawled over to where Nina waited.  She began 
licking and bobbing, but that was all that Kirsty and I could see, being behind Rebecca.

"Since our other guests can't see what's going on, stick out your hips to give them an interesting view."  Rebecca shuffled her legs backwards until 
she was on all fours rather than kneeling.  I could now see her curling red pubic hairs between the tops of her thighs, and between her small cheeks I 
could 
see her asshole, perfectly white (it seemed to me), with no discolouration.  I suddenly had the urge to get up, walk over, and tongue it, despite the 
fact that I had never had any interest in rimming before.

"Are you still quite wet from your wanking earlier?" Nina taunted Rebecca.  I could not hear her response among the blow-job sounds.  "Put your hands 
on my hips, and don't move them.  George, come over here and tell me how wet she is."  I dutifully walked over and began peering at Rebecca's crotch.  
"Not by looking you idiot, use your finger."  Breathing heavily with excitement, I stretched out my left middle finger and ran it up her slit, 
beginning by her clitoris and ending up next to her tight asshole, which was as perfect up-close as I had hoped.

"She's very wet," I informed Nina.

"I think you should start playing with her.  See if you can make her come."  Rebecca's legs seemed to quiver slightly but she did not say anything, 
and did not stop licking Nina's dildo.  I cupped Rebecca's bush with my (preferred) right hand, and began rubbing her clitoris with my middle finger.  
Her lips around the dildo, she moaned softly.  I realised that my left finger was still slick with her honey, and considered licking it clean myself, 
but then looked at her asshole again.

Rebecca did not react when I placed the tip of my finger against her exposed ring, but she groaned loudly when I gently pushed it in, and her muscles 
gave way, only to grip again tightly around my digit.  She lifted her hands from Nina's sides, but Nina would have none of that - she grabbed 
Rebecca's hands and pulled them back to where they had been, and held them.  "Keep licking the dildo," Nina instructed.  Rebecca paused, and I 
continued rubbing her clitoris.  She moaned, and then slowly returned to licking the dildo as my manual labour kept her in thrall.  While I continued 
stroking her, I began to ponder whether I would be able to fit a second finger inside her ass.  Judging by the pressure on my one finger currently 
inside her back entrance, I suspected not.

I did not have long to think about such things however as Rebecca began moaning more and more, and I realised she was coming.  I upped my pace, and 
her hips bucked and she pushed back towards me as she came.  I realised that she was only a few inches away from wriggling back onto my erect cock, 
which was pointed at her lubricated vagina.  For a moment I considered whether to push forward, but quite aside from the safe-sex implications, I knew 
that my cock belonged to my mistress.  I pulled my hips back to leave Rebecca room, and once she had finished I pulled my hands away from her.

"You enjoyed that didn't you?" Nina taunted.  "I bet George is glad he was the one fingering you, not the one getting sucked off, because you need a 
lot of practice.  He probably would have gone to sleep."  Rebecca was bright red as she returned to her seat for the next hand; I had almost forgotten 
about the cards! 

We all sat back down in our seats, and Nina announced the next forfeit: "The loser of this round has to drink my special cocktail."  None of us really 
understood what she meant, but we all drew cards.  After expecting to lose most of the recent rounds, this one turned out to be the one that Nina had 
finally made me lose.  Nina made the other girls pin me down to the floor - as if I would have resisted my mistress's command - while she went and 
readied the cocktail.  It was a glass of slightly cloudy liquid.  Nina held my nose while she poured it down my throat, so I did not know what it 
tasted like, but it felt bitter.

I was made to finish the glass before I was let up.  I returned to my seat, feeling slightly light-headed, while Nina returned the glass to the 
kitchen and washed it out.

"Right," she said when she returned to the slightly swimming room.  "The winner of the next rospmhlprflblaafblrg......"  

Everything went black.





Card Sharp part 5

by Some Writer


I awoke with a start, thinking I was drowning.  I could not move much though, as my legs and hands were bound.  Where was I?  What was going on? 
Slowly my thoughts converged to coherence.  The last thing I could remember was the party last night.  Now I was bound in a bed - presumably my 
mistress's.  I began a check of all my parts.  My ankles were bound to the corners of the bed.  My ass had something inside it - a butt plug I 
thought.  My cock was untouched, thought I felt a slight need to pee.  My arms were tied to the bed, stretching away perpendicular to my torso rather 
than reaching up behind my head if I had been spread-eagled.  I was blindfolded, gagged, and my head was still feeling funny.  Either that - or some 
ear-plugs that I was numb to - seemed to be impairing my hearing.  All in all, I was totally helpless.

"Finally awake I see," I heard Nina say loudly.  How long had I been out?  Ten minutes?  Ten hours?  There was no way to tell.  "I hope you enjoyed 
our little party last night" - so it was the day after - "Tell me, were you horny during it?"  I nodded emphatically.  "Would you have liked to 
have come?"  Images flashed through my mind 
of Rebecca backing towards my cock.  I nodded again.  "Well the good news is you're in for a treat - I'm going to make you come."  My heart leapt - 
Nina was finally ready to make me come for the first time.  I felt her hands on my cock, stroking it into life.  It responded quickly.

"I bet you enjoyed bringing Rebecca off didn't you?" Nina teased as she stroked me, keeping a regular pace.  "Fingering her pussy and her ass, 
while 
she sucked my cock."  I couldn't be sure with my head still swimming slightly, but Nina seemed to be increasing her pace.  I was certainly getting 
more aroused, thinking about what I had done with Rebecca.  "You know, I talked to her afterwards, and she told me that no-one had ever fingered her 
ass before.  Do you like that thought?  The first to break into her virginal ass, never touched before, showing her what it feels like.  And she loved 
it!"  Nina's pace was now frantic.  I moaned and moaned, bucked my hips as I-

Nina stopped.  I hadn't come.  "There's a nice thought for you while I go and get something to eat anyway," she said nonchalantly.  I did not hear her 
go, but I heard nothing more from her.  I strained to try and release myself so that I could finish off my hard cock.  It was useless of course, so I 
was forced to wait until Nina returned, and found myself thinking about Rebecca, and her tight little ass.

"Still hard I see," my mistress said when she returned a few minutes later.  "I was thinking, maybe a fuck would help finish you off.  What do you 
think?"  I nodded, my heart pounding at the thought of her climbing on top and riding me.  "I thought you'd like that.  Stay nice and hard for me 
while I get ready."  As if I could do anything else, with that thought in my mind.  A minute later and Nina was tugging at the plug in my ass.  "You 
won't need this," she informed me as it suddenly came loose and was ejected from my derriere.  I waited for her to straddle me.

I felt something at my ass, and realised my mistake instantly.  It was her strap-on dildo, which was already sliding inside me.  She was going to be 
doing the fucking - of my ass.  Somewhat dejected, I tried to brace myself as best I could for my fucking.  "You know George," Nina said as she began 
sliding in and out, "we didn't stop our game last night just because you passed out.  We played some more, and the girls were a little less inhibited 
without you watching.  For example, one round I declared that the winner would get to fuck the loser with this dildo."  My prick, ever so slightly 
diminished by my disappointment, hardened again as I listened to Nina.

"So we played our cards, and I won while Kirsty lost.  So she was on the floor on all fours pretty quickly.  I tell you - she hadn't been saying much, 
but that girl sure was wet.  I slid in so easily into her pussy,"  As Nina said that last sentence, she changed to a very slow thrust into my ass.  
"And once I was in, I began pounding her pussy as you'd expect," Again, Nina's thrusting matched what she was describing as I was forcefully fucked.  
"So I'm thrusting away, and she suddenly says 'my ass'.  I asked what she'd said, and she said it again: 'fuck my ass'.  Well that wasn't the forfeit 
of course, but I wasn't going to pass up that opportunity.

"I pulled out of her pussy, my dildo all wet - you would have loved to lick it clean I'm sure - and I pushed it into her ass.  She certainly had done 
anal before - it went in nice and easily.  So I began fucking her ass slllllowwwwwlllllyyyyy then hard and fast."  Again Nina gave me a demonstration.  
"And then Kirsty starts moaning and groaning and squealing away, and then she comes!  Actually came just from me fucking her ass.  You'd like to be 
able to do that right now wouldn't you George?"  I nodded.

"Instead you need this don't you?" Her hand was stroking me again, and I nodded.  "But you do enjoy me fucking you in the ass don't you?"  More 
nodding.  Her hand was bringing me close now.  I tried not to let it show in case she stopped again.  I was closer and closer, and nearly ready to 
come, and then she stopped.  "Not yet George."  I sank dejected into the bed while she fiddled with the dildo somehow.  I realised that she was taking 
it off herself, and putting it on to me instead.  The harness kept the dildo half in my ass, as if it were a plug.

"I'll be back in a minute or two.  Don't worry, I won't be going away again after that until you've come."

The promise of orgasm - I knew my mistress would not lie - kept me fairly hard until she returned.  "I have a treat for you," she announced when she
came back.  I felt her weight beside me on the bed, and then she was straddling my head.   The smell of her pussy hit me like an open fire coming in 
from the cold.  It was intense, and I suddenly felt light-headed again as I inhaled her scent.  I moaned involuntarily, my dick standing to full 
attention again.  "You like that don't you?  My treat," Nina asked, and I murmured agreement through my gag.  Then she sank onto my face.  Her moist 
labia were on my cheeks, my chin in her pubic hair and her inner opening was on top of the rubber ball in my mouth.  The smell and wet sensation was 
amazing, and I think I wanted her more then than I had ever wanted anything.

She began squirming on top of me and I was moaning my desire in between heavy breaths.  Just when I thought it could not get any more intense, she lent 
forward and ran the tip of her tongue down the back of my cock, from the head down to the balls.  It was like electricity through my body as she did 
it again and again.  She began pushing the dildo into my ass and letting it slide out again as she licked along my shaft.  I was going crazy, moaning 
and groaning.  I could not see nor hear, all I could smell was her, and all I could feel was her licking me and fucking me with the dildo.  And yet it 
was not quite enough to make me come.  I was so horny and yet could not reach my climax.  My head began to hurt with either the frustration or the 
pleasure, I couldn't tell.  Then it all stopped, and for a moment I was actually relieved.

"I have a surprise for you," she informed me as she climbed off me, leaving my cheeks wet with her fluids.  Shortly afterwards my ear-plugs were 
ripped out and my blindfold removed.  I instinctively closed my eyes as the room became brighter and louder.  I opened them slowly, staring at the 
ceiling.  When I looked downwards, I got my surprise.

To my left, Kirsty was standing naked by the wall, looking at me.  To my right, Rebecca was similarly naked by the opposite wall and also staring at 
me.  They had been watching the whole time!  My teasing, my fucking, my moaning, all of it.  I felt humiliated.  Nina was sat between my legs, fully 
clothed and grinning.  I looked back at the girls and only then did I realise that they were Nina's prisoners still.  They were gagged, something was 
in their mouths but I couldn't tell what.  Their hands were drawn behind their backs - and presumably tied there.  I couldn't see their legs but I 
suspected that they were similarly bound.  Nina's hands sliding up and down my cock drew my attention back to my own predicament.

"So, do you still want to come?" she asked.  I nodded.  "I'll make you come, but there's a price.  These two have already agreed to be my slaves for 
the day, and I want you to do the same."  Nina raised her eyebrows slightly, and I understood.  They still didn't know that I was in fact Nina's 
slave/boyfriend, and Nina didn't want them to know either.  I nodded, agreeing to her "demand".  She took a tube of lubricant and used it to 
grease my cock.  She began a relaxed lubricated hand-job.  It was slow enough to still be teasing, but not frustrating.  I decided to lie back and 
enjoy it.  I was totally turned-on, especially with my embarrassment at being watched, but it still took a minute or two of slow strokes before I felt 
close to coming.

Nina maintained her slow pace even as I began bucking my hips.  The sensation built until I was climaxed, shouting loudly, but come did not spurt from 
my prick until five seconds into my orgasm, and then I kept coming and coming and coming even as my orgasm subsided.  My hairless chest seemed swamped 
in come when I had finished, and rivulets were already running down my sides.

"You have made a mess haven't you," Nina observed.  "I'll need to get that cleared up."  She stood up, and went over to Kirsty, freeing her from 
whatever she was attached to so that she could be marched over to me and have her gag removed.  "Lick it all up," Nina told her, and I watched as she 
bent forwards and ran her 
tongue up the semen on my side, lapping it up.  Rebecca was made to do the same, and I found myself totally spent, tied up (a dildo still - slightly 
painfully - in my ass), watching two pretty girls lick my come from my stomach.  Neither of them looked at me, both were focused on their task.  They 
clearly did not enjoy the taste, but it was not stopping them.  Nina freed the dildo from my ass and then came round to stand by head, ruffling my 
hair.

"I told you there was a treat didn't I?" she said kindly as she stooped down to remove my gag and whisper in my ear.  "They both have ear-plugs in so 
only you can hear 
me.  They aren't to know you're my slave of course.  But I was thinking - you remember how I'm allowed to rent out your mouth and ass but not your 
cock?  Well how about I include your cock in that?  Would you like them to be able to touch it?"

I looked at the two girls still lapping up my semen.  "Sounds good," I whispered back.

"Now, I imagine you'll be wanting to pee soon," Nina said loudly when the girls finished.  She was right - I'd needed to go before my 
prolonged teasing, and 
having come, I really needed to go.  "Girls.  Here's a suitable container.  I'm sure between you, you can help him out."  I couldn't believe it - Nina 
wanted me to pee into the bottle that she was handing to Kirsty.  I opened my mouth to say something but Nina cut me off.  "Don't expect to be freed 
any time soon, so if I was you I'd use the bottle rather than making a mess of your chest again."

Nina added various bondage to the two girls and then strode out of the room, leaving us all there.  I was tied up, but not blindfolded or gagged.  
Rebecca and Kirsty were both gagged, and tied such that they could not move from my midriff.  Rebecca held the bottle, while Kirsty held my cock in
her fist, keeping it firmly directed at the bottle.  Normally such a grip would have been erotic - but not now.  I did need to pee but I felt so 
embarrassed; I couldn't go.  Kirsty and Rebecca waited, silenced by their gags.  Occasionally they would look at me, but then glance 
away, painfully aware 
of the awkwardness of the whole situation.  I said nothing; I didn't know what to say.

Finally,  I was able to go, mortified as the two girls helped me pee into a bottle.  Shortly afterwards, Nina returned and took away the bottle.
She returned with a pack of cards.

"I think it's time for another card game," she declared.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





