BDSM Library - It All Began as a Dream




It All Began as a Dream
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As with all my stories, no part of this story is true. None of the characters are true. I know no one like any of these characters. This is a F/m, FF/m story. Sometime the scenes may not appeal to all readers. This is your only warning.  Leroy Brown had fantasies about a teen girl he knew in the neighborhood. His fantasies were somewhat perverse. One night while on a sexual high he sent her an email.She got older with the passing years, and his email did not seem as perverse to her as it did the first time. Would Leroy ever regret the emails, his fantasies or his meeting her again? 








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It all Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter One



Are you one of those guys who are sure you know what you want? 

You think you desire to serve a beautiful woman in any way she 

desires. You fantasize about this night and day. You may even 

be obsessed with the fantasy. Well, believe me when I say there 

is a tremendous difference between your fantasy and what will 

happen to you if you are ever unlucky enough to live what you 

believed you wanted. This is written from experience. 



I am a single white male. Fifty-eight years old. I have the 

body of a seventy-eight year old person. I lived as a slave for

a very beautiful but demanding, sometimes uncaring, female for

to many years.



I knew Jessica for five years before I entered into the 

Mistress/slave relationship I was so sure would be heaven to me.

Jessica was little miss everything. She was a 5'4" blonde with

these incredible blue eyes, light blue, sparkling blue. They

could look at you or through you, whichever she wanted them to do. 

They could raise you to the highest pinacle or plummet you to the

lowest space on earth. 



Jessica grew into every guys sexual fantasy. Her ass was one to 

die for, I almost did. She had a tiny waist and 36 C tits with 

nipples that would respond to a stare. Her hourglass figure 

measured 36-22-36. Like every thing physical about her, perfect. 

Jessica had a creamy complexion that went so perfectly with her 

honey colored blonde ringlet curles she like to wear. Jessica 

was/is a flirt. She doesn't even try to be. She always has a 

smile to show off a pretty mouth full of perfect teeth. 



She was in high school when I first noticed her. I dreamed

about her. I had all kinds of perverted fantasies which always

played out with me being her perfect slave and being ever so 

close to that incredible body. Sometimes I even imagined her 

using me in very personable intimate ways. As these fantasies 

continued, I began thinking of perverse things as being normal. 

After a couple years of these fantasies, I saw nothing wrong 

with the perverted things I dreamed of doing. 



I had acquired her email address from a forward I received. 

I put her address in my address book and there it stayed for 

a few weeks. One night I was feeling extra horny and living my 

fantasy where I was a do all and be done all to slave for 

beautiful Goddess Jessica I typed an email to her using a 

fictious name and a Yahoo email address. I clicked, "send".



I told her a little about what I desired. I told her how I 

was willing to do all kinds of things for her. She could do 

anything to me which gave her pleasures of body or mind. I 

wanted nothing in return. I only wanted to serve her. I told

her my age in the email but said I lived in another town. As

soon as I clicked, send, I had foreboding thoughts, yeah, I 

was scared. The next day I was no longer scared and rushed to 

check my email. There was nothing from Jessica. I sent her 

another one being much more explicit. I told her I desired to 

do all of her laundry, how I wanted to eat her panties. I 

stressed again how she could use my mouth and body for anything, 

absolutely anything, her heart desired. I checked my email 

again the next day. There her name was in the inbox. My pulse 

quicken as I quickly clicked on it. It came up so slowly, then, 

there it was. I wilted. It said.



"Look you perverted creep, this is the second filthy email I have 

received from you. My dad is 6'5", muscles, a policeman, and very

tough. If I ever see your pathetic name in my inbox again, I will 

show it to him. He will find you and your body will be mush. Got 

it freak!"



I saw Jessica on a regular basis,like a couple times a week. I

tried my best to smile and say hi. I certainly did not want her 

to ever suspect I was the, "Perverted creep". 



My fantasies continued though. They even branched off into a senario

where her dad found out who I was, beat me to a pulp and took me home 

to my beloved Jessica where she used me for many, many perverted acts.



Jessica graduated high school and went to college several miles away.

She would return for holidays and school breaks. I would usually see 

her. Her body, well you read the description. Somehow it appeared even 

better. Her face was more beautiful. Made up better I suppose. She was 

the most beautiful person on earth. My fantasies became more frequent 

and more perverted, if that be possible. 



I thought about her all of the time. One day I got the opportunity

to work in her college town for a while. I jumped at it. Hell, I 

would have went at my expense. My fantasy could come true, I told 

myself. Her email was all but forgotten, just a bad dream.



I went looking for her as soon as I got to her city. I was there

three days before I saw her. She was setting in a booth at a 

college hangout lounge. I strolled in as casually as I could and 

walked towards the men's room. I pretended to see her for the

first time. She was all smiles, what a greeting. She got up and 

gave me a hug. She was wearing a perfume which I had got a scent

of before when she was dressed up. I worked at getting my tongue

back to its normal size and hoped it would stay in my mouth and 

not sneek down to her pussy of it's own volition. I noticed

I was licking my lips to much as we sipped on Strawberry Daiquari's



Jessica had always been so easy to talk with. It is not always

easy for a forty plus year old guy and a twenty-two year old woman to 

talk for more then a few minutes. We were there for over an hour.

I told her I would be in town for a few weeks, told her my hotel

and room number. I knew she was not going to look me up though. 

Hell, why should she. I was just someone from her hometown. No one

really. 



When she said she had to go. I said I had to leave also. If she was

not there, there was no reason for staying. I did not say that 

though. I insisted on paying for all of the drinks and she readily 

let me do that. I know she expected me to. I learned she was good 

at sizing up people, especially guys. She managed to casually say 

she dropped in there often but never drink so much. She even said 

her last class was over at four tomorrow. I did not know if she meant

to specifically give me that information knowing I would be back,

or if it was merely casual conversation.



I had more wet dreams while wide awake that night. I served my

beloved Goddess in varied and perverted ways. She enjoyed me very

much. We agreed that she would be a permanent fixture in my life.

Til death do us part! My dream of course. 



I began work early so I could justify knocking off and being at the

lounge as soon after four as possible.



I got there at almost four-thirty. She was in the same booth but

so was another girl I had never seen before. She was very pretty

but not in Jessica's class. Well, no one was.



I walked in. Jessica was facing the door and had seen me before I 

entered and did not try to be coy about it.



"Hi Mr. Brown." She said in her low controlled toned voice that made 

her appear to be made entirely of sugar and other sweetnesses.



"I told Leah about meeting someone from my old home town. I knew

you would be here today. I told her how beautiful you think I am, 

and that you had always been an admirer of me."



Jessica giggled through her many teeth revealing smile. Her blue

eyes lifted me higher than I had ever been lifted before. She

told me that as she gave me another hug, longer and tighter 

than yesterday. A lot longer. I wondered, was she doing this for 

me, for Leah, or for Jessica?



She scooted over in the booth like it was a foregone conclusion

I had come in there to be with her. We chatted. I learned Leah 

had been Jessica's roommate for two years. They shared everything. 

They were closer than sisters. Jessica also said she was having 

only one drink,a beer, no more. She said they had not had dinner 

and she only drink on ocassion. She said she would not have come 

today except she knew I would be there and would be soooo 

disappointed if she were not. I smiled as I told her how psychic

she was. 



I paid for our beer and invited the ladies to have dinner with me.

They accepted. It was obvious they had planned that sequence of

events prior to our meeting. Leah said how much they loved Red 

Lobster but did not go very often because of a school girl's budget.

Of course I took them to Red Lobster. Why not, I was in heaven.

I had talked quite a bit with Jessica, but never anything like this, 

certainly not so intimately. I knew I was not a date. I knew I was

just some harmless old dude that they could get to buy them a nice

dinner. That was OK. I would have many fantasies in my mind from 

this meeting.



I met Jessica everyday the first week. I learned she had broken up 

with her boy friend of almost a year the same day as our first meeting. 

She confided she was not interested in dating just yet. She told me

how much she appreciated my company. How she was so lucky I was there 

for her. She mentioned things like that a lot. Our conversation got 

more personal all the time. I told her I got a divorce last year.

I had no one either. My wife and I never had kids. She knew all that.



Out of the blue she tells me about these two emails she received 

when she was in high school. She told me word for word exactly what 

I had written in the first one. 



"I have read them so many times! O.K. I know I am perverted! I

could not believe any guy would think me so beautiful that he

would literally give his health and life, give up everything for

me. He sounded serious! He wanted me to use him until he was all 

used up then throw him away like I would an old shoe! I was frightened

at first, then thinking about it started to turn me on. If he had 

sent another email after a month or so, I would have answered it! 

I am bad arn't I? Like really bad!"



She gave me a small smile and a slightly wrinkled nose, as she 

patted my hand. What fantasies I had of her. If she had said, 

"I got to go pee." I would have been on the floor with my mouth 

open before she could get up to go to the ladies room.



"Leroy," she had started calling me by my first name. "I am a lot

more mature now. I have seen on the internet stuff like that. Leah

and I have rented a few movies. Are there really guys like that?

If there are, are all of them freaks and weirdos? Well, I guess so, 

they would have to be. Or would they?"



She had rattled that off, never giving me a chance to answer.



Silence ------- I noticed she was looking straight into my eyes.

Her eyes were full of questions. My god, could she know? My heart

raced. I could feel my face turning red. 



"Well, what do you think, Leroy?"



I answered without thinking,as I have been known to do. Those 

emails for example. 



"Jessica, I can see why someone would send you such an email. I 

can see why some guy who was lonely would really do those things 

merely for the pleasure of your company. You are an incredible 

aphrodisiac. I could see myself saying something like that except 

for the fear of being totally ostracized afterwards and being a 

laughing stock when it spread."



My god, what did I just say. Did I just say I would do those things 

for her? Did I just say I wanted to be used by her, be her slave?

No, I just said I could see how someone else could. My face was 

getting redder by the second. All of a sudden it was quite warm in 

there. She said nothing, just looked into my eyes, right into my 

soul. Finally she spoke in a very serious voice.



"I would accept you in a heartbeat. I know you are not really a 

freak, you are just infatuated with me. You always have been. You 

have worshipped me from a distance for years. You are still deeply

infatuated with me. It's alright, I do not mind. In fact, I think 

it is kinda awesome." She smiled then. God, she was so beautiful.



"Did you send those emails, Leroy? I will never tell anyone, I 

promise. Did you?"



The sincere way she spoke, her honest look, I could not lie to her.

I do not know why I could not, I just could not tell her a lie

while gazing upon all that sincere beauty. I said nothing. I nodded 

my head up and down a few times. The silence was deafening. After 

minutes, it could have been hours, she spoke.



"Do you really want to serve me? Do you truly want to be my property 

as long as I want you? Leroy, do you really want me to do those things

to you? I can, you know. I really can. I have thought about it a lot 

over the years. Except for the harm I would know I was doing to such 

a sweet person, I could do it. I like you a lot, Leroy."



As she said that she again placed her hand over mine.



"Look at me. Is that what you want? If it is, I want it too. I am

not the person you think I am. I am sometimes not so nice. You

will not have an easy or a good life. The things you said in those 

emails are,---well, downright awful. I am not all sugar and spice. I 

don't think any of me is. Especially that part you made reference 

to but did not name. I know what you were saying you would be for

me. You have my cellie number. Think about it. Think hard but not 

to long. Give me a call,if you truly want that relationship with me, 

I want it too. Leroy, do not tell me you do, then dump me. I would 

forever hate you if you did that to me. So, if you value me the way 

you have said and have always acted, be positive, be sure I am what 

you want. This is a oneway trip. A last time, maybe lifetime, offer." 



Without another word or gesture she slid across the booth to get up.

I moved quickly to help her. I&nbsp; saw her panties as her ass slid 

acrossed the seat and she spread her lefs to exit the booth. I 

believed she was showing me her pantied crotch on purpose. Something 

to aid me in my life's decision. They were dark blue silk with a cotton 

lined crotch. So small a piece of cotton. So much sweetness to hide.

She turned loose of my hand and walked away. I stood mesmerized maybe

from what she had just said or maybe from the movement of the world's 

most beautiful ass as she walked away.

 

I sat down and thought for a while. I could be so very near that ass. 

All I had to do was dial her number. I could taste the pussy I had had 

so many fantasies about. I could become an extension of her body. What 

a body. I could have it all, in a perverted sense. All I had to do was 

dial the number. I had dreamed of her feminine scent. I had dreamed of 

the taste of her urine. I had even fantasized about the taste of all 

of her body waste. I am so sick, I thought. Not of body, of mind. Now 

Jessica knew. She would never think of me in any other way again. 

Everytime we met she would always see the man who asked to be her 

toilet. I sat there a long time. I came to the conclusion I could 

either call her, or commit suicide. Was there a real difference. One 

would be long, the other short. 



I went back to my motel room. I went to bed but did not sleep. The 

fantasy of my being Jessica's slave had a whole new meaning. Did I 

really want this? Could I really do it? It must be the most awful 

thing in the world. How could anyone really consume such foul stuff? 

The urine would be easy, I would do that right now and be proud to 

drink from her pussy. I would love kissing her ass. I would love 

moving my lips and tongue over her rosebud. To actually eat her 

pussy and have her cum on my face, to swallow it, to have my tongue 

in her love canal as far as I could make it go, to inhale the 

feminine scent of Jessica. God it must be erotic. Why did I not limit 

my email to those things. Why did I have to hint I would actually allow 

her to use me for things much more perverse. No wonder she called me a 

freak. I was so horny when I composed those emails. I had toilet 

service on my mind but now since it could become a future reality, 

well it was different. I looked at the clock, it was after three, I 

had not slept any at all. At least this was Saturday morning. I thought 

some more. I finally went to sleep. I woke up at 10:00. Jessica was 

the first thing I thought of. I showered and got dressed. I went to 

breakfast. Durning breakfast, I dialed her cellie.

 































&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Two



The ringing was followed by, "Hi, I am away, busy,

or just do not want to talk right now. Leave a message."



"Jessica, this is Leroy. You know why I am calling. You

were wrong about only one thing. I am not infatuated with

you, I am in love with you."



Jessica's voice came online immeadiately.



"Hi slave, I am going to get use to calling you that. I am

glad. Yeah, I know you love me. I will simply adore having

a devoted slave. Uhmmmm, now about all that stuff you said 

you were willing to do for me and allow, no, I think you 

want me to do forbidden things to you. (g) My dorm is due

in a few days. I will move in with you. I could never hide 

you on campus. Though it would be fun! I can not afford the 

risk of expulsion since I have only one more semester until 

I graduate. Can you support me for a few months, Leroy?"



Why was it so hard for me to speak? A few seconds passed, 

they seemed like minutes before I said in a weak low voice.



"Yes, the company has been wanting me to transfer here, we

are shorthanded in this area. I can manage that. Let's find 

a place."



"Awesome, slave! We will have soooo much fun together, and

Leroy, my roommate will be living with us too. She could 

not afford the rent by herself. I have told her you wanted 

us to live with you. She is thrilled. She does not know you

will be a slave. That will blow her mind! I could have had

you serving me years ago! I was so stupid! I am going to 

love you Leroy! Know what, we are so different in lots of 

ways but we have one huge thing in common, we both love me!" (g)



Jessica sounded very different than I had ever heard before 

and it was not my imagination. She was always so caring and 

sweet. I know I had only limited contact with her but recently 

I have been seeing a lot of her and I know she is the sweet 

person I believed her to be. She is so beautiful, how could 

she be anything other than a perfect angel? She must have

rehearsed her lines before I called. No stampering, no hesitation

in her delivery. She said every word like someone in total control.

She was.



"Leroy, hey slave, cat got your tongue? (g) Come now you

can talk. I give you permission!" (g)



"When shall we go apartment hunting?" I asked in my same

unreal meek voice.



"I looked in the paper last night, I got one on the way 

home. I was sure of you slave. I told Leah you were getting 

an apartment and wanted us as house guests. She was so happy 

about that. She has not so liked where we are. It is difficult 

for college girls. We wanted a much nicer place but this is 

what we could afford, well, almost afford. She will really 

be surprised when she learns the extent of our being GUESTS!

Are you as excited as I am? You should be, you have been 

fantasizing about me for years. I have only been fantasizing 

about a personal slave for a short while. I really am looking 

forward to our 'little arrangement'. I will so use you! Hurry

over slave." (g)



Did I just imagine her giggle had a sort of wicked sound?



In my fantasies I had similar scenarios where Jessica accepted 

me enthusiastically and used me horribly. They could not have

been premonitions. I do not even believe in such things. Why

should I worry, She is right I should be very happy. My years 

of fantasies are about to be true, except for the horrible use, 

of course. No one really does such things to another person in 

real life, do they?



I hurried over. Jessica and Leah were walking towards the

sidewalk when I saw them. Although I have eyes only for Jessica

I wondered why I had not looked longer at Leah. Leah was quite

a contrast with Jessica. Leah was about 6' tall with legs that

went up forever. She had a very nice ass. Her tits were probably 

large A's or small B's. Her ass had to be near three inches 

larger than her bust measurement. It had that beautiful shape 

all guys like. I have always been an ass man. I like boobs and 

legs but I love asses. Her hair was not quite down past her neck.

Short and straight. It was black as night. Leah was dark with

a perfect complexion. A perfect tan and naturally dark. I liked

what I saw. I looked at her more on this meeting. She had 

a large mouth and lots of large teeth. They were sparkling white. 

She was prettier than I remembered. Her large brown eyes helped 

too. Bedroom eyes is the term for them.

 

I leaned over and opened the passenger door for them. Leah 

reached for the door and I heard Jessica say, "Wait, gentlemen 

open doors for ladies and help them in if they wish. Leroy, 

I have always thought you were a gentleman!" (g)



Leah made a small laughing noise too. I got out and opened the 

door. I raised the seat for Leah and she got in the back. She 

was wearing a short denim skirt with snow white panties. I saw 

all the way to her crotch. I almost saw the elastic at the top!

I could even see where her black bush pushed against the white 

translucent panties. She closed her legs ever so slowly. I was

mesmerized. My recovery was almost to slow. I could tell Jessica 

knew where my eyes were and that my mind wandered. Jess did not 

smile. I might add here that when Jessica did not smile, 

something was displeasing her. I smiled at her and said.



"I hurried right over, I can't wait to see the apartments you 

are interested in."



She raised her eyes and eyebrows. She looked more through me

than at me. I knew at that second I did not want her really 

pissed at me, ever.



She got in being extra careful to expose nothing to me. I

did not even get a glance at her seat covers. She closed 

the door as she swung her legs in. I have opened her car 

door several times. I have seen her panties every time she 

was wearing a dress or skirt. Not like Leah's though, but 

I saw! Not this time though!



I walked around the back of the car and got in. I looked at

Jessica and smiled again. 



"You are one beautiful lady." I said to her. "I have never

seen anyone as beautiful as you. Thanks for being my house 

guest for awhile. I am truly honored."



I said that with all sincerity. That was easy because it 

was very true.



Jessica smiled as she said, "Yeah, but would you have done

this for me if I was a five or less?"



"No," I answered. 



Her eyes widened. She was surprised at my truthfulness. 

Then she smiled again. God she was one beautiful lady.



The girls chatted between themselve all the way. The only 

time Jessica spoke to me was to give directions. The 

apartment was just off campus. It looked expensive. 

Jessica and Leah had been talking about it having a pool, 

tennis courts, club house. I had not asked the price. I 

found out, $1500 per month! That was a lot. They were 

accepting a lease to the end of spring semester though.

It was nicely furnished, two bedroom. The rooms were 

larger than most apartments. The bedrooms were at 

opposite ends of the apartment and each had its own bath.

It appeared ideal for us. The girls liked it, I took it.



The girls had me moving some of their things that 

afternoon. Neither of them did much at all. Everytime 

Leah offered to help, Jessica would say something like, 

"Leroy is so strong, He is not a geriatric you know!"

Always followed by a giggle. A few times with remarks

like that and Leah was content with my doing it all.

It appeared that I may end up being a full time slave for 

both of them. I was not sure if I would be glad when the 

semester ended or not. 



Before the afternoon was through Leah was ordering me 

around too. I knew nothing about Leah but Jessica had 

came from a family of very modest means. She was used to 

doing for herself although one would never think so now. 

She had really put thought into this slave thing and was 

milking it for all it was worth, I thought. I found out 

we were not even touching the tip of the iceberg. 



The water was included in the rent. The electricity 

had a separate meter and was read for each guest. 

The apartment made money from that too since the higher 

kilowatt usage resulted in less per killowatt and the 

renters paid for what they each used at the higher rate.



I got us moved in. Jessica and I took the master bath.

Leah never batted an eye that Jessica and I were sharing 

the same bedroom. 



"Leroy, you will be sleeping on the couch, you knew that.

Sure you knew that, it was silly of me to even say it!" 



Jessica was smiling and her blue eyes flashing as she 

winked at Leah. That wink could have meant anything.



The girls went food shopping while I straighten everything 

and put their clothes away. Touching Jessica undies was 

a thrill beyond description. I had a hard on by the time 

I got to Leah's. I should have jacked off but I did not.



I looked in their laundry basket. It was not hard to tell 

whose clothes was whose. I reached in and removed a dainty

pair of dark blue satin or silk panties. They were cum 

soaked. They were the ones she was wearing when she hit me 

with this slave thing. I know because I saw them when she 

got up to leave. I am now sure she meant for me to see 

them. I also later knew she had left them on top of all the 

clothes in the hamper with me in mind.



Nothing mattered, I could never have kept my hand from 

raising those delectable undies to my open mouth. My tongue 

was already hard as I moved it across the cotton cloth. 

When the moisture of my tongue touched her cum, it became 

instantly slick. I inhaled deeply through my nostrils and 

held my breath to enjoy all of her feminine aroma. So many

years, oh so many, I had had wet wide awake dreams of this 

scent. Never did I really believe I would ever be entreated 

with a scent I valued above all others in this world. Never 

did I believe I would actually taste Jessica's cum. I was 

in a world of my own. I knew it was one I had created in my 

dreams but this was real. These panties were very real. I 

was proud of my engineering our meeting. I began licking 

in earnest. My other hand moved to my crotch and I pressed 

on my penis as I licked Jessica's sweet cum. I removed all 

of it from those panties and was in heaven all the while. 

I shot my load in my Jockeys and could feel the wetness on 

my legs. I looked down and could see the large wet stain 

forming on my pants. 



I heard the girls enter the apartment giggling together. 

They both came into the laundry room. Jessica noticed my 

pants immeadiately. She pointed both giggled.



"Hey slave, I guess you found the laundry basket, eh!

I left an article of clothing on top. I thought you might 

recconize it, did you? (g)



Jessica was having a lot of fun at my expense. I have always

been in control of any situation. I was not in control of

this one. Jessica was becoming giddy with power as she

made jokes to Leah with a lot of emphasis placed on words 

like, "House guest", "Maid", even the word, "Slave", was 

used several times. I could have buried my head in sand 

if there had been any. There was not. Neither was there 

any escape. The girls were blocking the door and were 

having way to much fun to let me pass. Once I moved to 

the door and one very dark arm and one golden arm 

pushed against me. I did not try to force my way pass

Those lovely arms. Instead I bowed my head and let them 

heap verbal abuse on me. I felt less than a man. Never 

had I had that feeling before.



"Aw, Leroy, we were only teasing! Gee you are upset. Shit!

I was teasing you, Leroy. I thought you were strong and 

could take a little harmless razing."



"I told Leah that you wanted to serve me as my slave.

We discussed it and she wants you to do things for her

too. I knew you would love doing her laundry since you

were doing mine. It is no harder to serve two gorgeous 

ladies than it is to serve one, is it? Not twice as hard

anyway!"



"Smile, Leroy, that is an order! (g) I do not want to be

near you if you are going to be like that. Where is the

fun guy I used to know.---- Damn it, Leroy. This is what

you practically begged me for. You got it! I told you

about me Friday night.--- Leroy, I have had enough of this

gloomy silent treatment crap. I am going to MY room.

You had best be right behind me. I am so pissed at you 

right now!"



Jessica stormed out of the laundry room and down the hall.

I followed. I caught the wide eyed smile of Leah. I think 

she snickered as I caught up with Jessica.



"Jess, I am sorry. You are right. I should be happy and I 

am happy. I do want to serve you. I adore you. You are 

the most gorgeous person alive. You have always been. You know 

how much I adore you. You should anyway."



"I should know what, Leroy! You come on to me wanting

to be my slave and god only knows what else. I should 

have known you were deranged. Who in their right mind 

would send an email like that to a high school girl? 

To any one! Have you forgotten what you said to me?

Well have you?"



I could not help myself. I did not try. I dropped to my 

knees in front of my beautiful Goddess. The Goddess I had 

had so many fantasies about. Please do not be angry with me 

Jessica. I know I deserve your anger but please forgive my 

mood back there. It will never happen again. I want to be 

used by you. I want to serve you. That will never change.



I knew Leah was watching. I knew she heard everything that 

was said. I did not care. I could see Jessica slipping away 

from me and I would rather die than lose her. I whispered 

to her.



"Please Jessica, get on my back and ride me to your bedroom. 

After back there, that is the least I can do. I want Leah to 

know I am your slave and feel like the luckiest guy in the 

world."



She said nothing. She got on my back. She sat on my rump and 

placed her beautiful feet one on each side of my face. We 

reached our room and Jessica closed the door. She dismounted

and stood facing me. She was looking straight into my eyes. 

I had gathered the fortitude to hold my head up,

though it took quite an effort. Jess was just a slip

of a girl really. She was grown, sure. But she was a

tiny little thing. How could I be so intimidated by her?



"I said I.....stuttering, that was a long time ago. I am not 

sure I remember exactly what I said. I remember telling you I 

would be your slave in those emails. I wanted to Jess.

I wanted to serve you. Belonging to you was the most 

important thing in my life. Nothing has changed. I still

want to be your complete slave. 24/7 I want to be your slave"



I was not thinking clearly at all. It was like I was 

in a dream or a haze. I could not remember what all 

I had said, I really could not. I think I remembered 

last night when I was with her. I know I remembered 

and it was bad.



"O.K. asshole! Come here. Read this. Leroy, I am so mad

at you. You embarrassed me in front of my best friend.

I told her how much you thought of me. I told her you 

were so in love with me you would do absolutely anything 

I asked you to do. ANYTHING! I was very adamant about the,

"anything" part."



She presented me with a printed copy of my emails. I read

them. My face was so red, I know it was. I think it was

red, not with embarrassment of what I said, but with this

situation. A grown, man, standing before so young

a woman in a very subordinate situation.



In my email I told her a little about what I desired. I 

told her how I was willing to do all kinds of things for 

her. She could do anything to me which gave her pleasures 

of body or mind. I wanted nothing in return. I only wanted 

to serve her. I told her my age in the email but said I lived 

in another town. The second email was explicit, very explicit 

except for actually using the word toilet. I certainly 

inferred I would be one for her. I told her I desired to do 

all of her laundry, how I wanted to eat her panties. I 

stressed, yeah stressed, how she could use my mouth and body 

for anything, absolutely anything, her heart desired. The more

she did to me, better the chance I had to prove to her that 

she was a Goddess and should always be served however she wanted.

Of course I was inferring in that email, "Jessica if you want 

to use me as your full and complete toilet for the rest of 

my life, I give you permission to do so." Anyone would know 

that is what I meant. She knew it then, as a girl, she 

certainly knew it now with her gained knowledge in the 

femdom area. 



I could not hold the paper steady. It shook inspite of my self 

control efforts. Not violently, but it was moving.



I handed her the paper and again I dropped to my knees in front 

of the goddess I had always believed was a perfect angel.



She looked down at me. "I am really pissed, Leroy. I never 

thought I could be so angry with you. Maybe that is good. It

will make the next phase of our relationship so easy. I am

going abuse you, Leroy. You can not possibly know how much. If 

you had even a little clue, you would never have considered a 

relationship like this not even with a Britney Spears!"



As she said this she began removing her clothes. Her face 

softened not at all. I looked at her. She was now naked

from the waist except for a sexy pair of panties similiar

to the one I had just eaten except these were red. So many

times I had seen this sight in my fantasies. I have had real

dreams of Jessica at night. How does one become so infatuated

with a person half his age? Britney Spears in her most made 

over form did not approach Jessica in the looks department.

I even thought Jessica had a prettier ass.



Her fingers went to the waist of her panties. Thoughts raced

through my mind. My brain was working again. I had done nothing.

Well almost nothing. I had sent her a couple emails along time 

ago. I had a conversation, I ate her panties. But that is all.

I have never participated in what she was about to do to me.

I had no doubt what that was either. I started to speak.



"Don't say anything Leroy. I think you have said enough for

a while. Tilt your head back and open your mouth."



As she said this her fingers hooked the waist band of those

fabulous red panties. She removed them slowly looking into

my soul as they slid downward. Her hands moved from her hips 

back a little towards her ass. The panties came down. I saw

her honey colored bush first. My fears began to subside. 

I licked my lips in anticipation and opened my mouth again.

I watched mesmerized as she stepped toward me and took my 

head in her hands to help guide my mouth to her pussy.



"Do not speak. Do not spoil the moment. You have played this 

scene in your fantacies. Now you enter my fantasy for real."













&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter THree



She put her weight on my face and shoulders. She was a little 

thing but her weight would have been a lot for my neck to support. 

I was glad I had not put my neck all the way back. My mouth was open 

and covered her pee place. 



"If you can not swallow fast enough, squeeze my ass and I 

will stop. But for each time you make me stop, I will bite 

you when I am finished. They will not be love bites. Oh yeah,

If you let any escape. I will bite you 10 times plus several 

other things you will find quite painful."



I was in heaven except for her voice. It was cold as ice. 

Jessica had always been so sweet, so caring, so warm. How

could she sound so cold and uncaring now?



Her hot piss hit my throat in a large stream. I gulped a 

couple times and was forced to squeeze her ass. Forced? Her 

ass felt so nice in my hands. I could hardly wait to see it up

close and personal. Her pussy was even more beautiful than I 

had dreamed. She had a cute bush which was nicely trimmed. I 

looked forward to doing that for her. There was no hair on or 

real close to her lips. She did not have much of a bush but 

where it was there was a lot of it, close trimming I knew. 

The piss taste was awful much worse than in my fantasy. It 

taste of salt,and some other things I could not describe. 

Just bad. I have never tasted anything similar to it before. 



I tried to keep up but she was pissing to fast. I knew she 

could have pissed slower if she had wanted to. I squeezed her 

ass again. The flow stopped. I could taste her piss more when 

she stopped. My stomach growled.



"If you knew how hard and how long each of my bites will be

you would not have stopped me at all. You would have swallowed 

faster."



I squeezed her bum again and the flow came fast and hard. I 

could feel her abdominal muscles as she pushed to piss as fast

as she could. My gorgeous Jessica did not want me to be able 

to keep up. She obviously wanted to bite on me. I could not 

swallow fast enough and squeezed her ass again.



She giggled. "My teeth are going to so hurt you. I will watch 

the pain in your eyes as my teeth close on you. Your pain 

will make me soooo hot. Leroy, my life is going to be so great 

with you as my slave and toy. I look forward to many years of 

devoted service from you." 



She went back to pissing again but only a little bit. I had 

drink all of it for this time. My stomach felt not really sick, 

but most uncomfortable. It was full too. She reached down and 

rubbed my stomach. 



"Oh, so full. My own private little septic tank. I think it 

will get stretched through much use." (g) 



"Now Leroy, I know you are not going to vomit,are you? Don't 

you dare! I want to spend the night knowing your body is 

processing my piss. This is so cool! I thought it would be 

disgusting. It is not! I feel like I am the most powerful 

woman on earth! Uhmmm I wonder how the next step will make 

me feel?"



"Wait Leroy, I have something for you."



She reached in her nightstand drawer and got a bottle of pills.



"Assume the carrying position, slave! (g) To the bathroom!"



I carried her to the bathroo. She dismounted and ran some 

water in a paper cup.



"Open up big and wide for your Mistress!"



She had two of the pills in her hand.



"What are those?" I asked.



"Leroy! You never question your Goddess. They may be cyanide!

I own you, your mouth, tongue, even your very life. Now open up!"



I wanted no argument with this little thing again. I opened

my mouth. She put the pills in my mouth and handed me the water.



"Drink all of it. Good. Now open big and wide again."



She looked in my mouth pretty good. She even had me lift my 

tongue. What did I just take and why was it so important to her

that I swallow them?



"That was good slave. We are working on building your trust 

and unquestionable loyalty to me. I think that went rather well.

Of course it was nothing to hurt you. It was something to

keep you from getting sick at your stomach. The pills will prevent

you from vomiting. I know you would not want to get sick and 

vomit in my bed. We do not have to worry about that now! See how 

I think of you slave!"



"Back to the bed. Leroy! Your mind is on ME, isn't it? It had 

better always be on me. I am a very jealous and demanding Goddess

as you will learn quite well. You will also learn not to anger 

your Goddess."



As she spoke I dropped to all fours and she jumped on my back.



"Giddy up Ol Roy! I like that name for you when you are being 

my pony, horsey, piggy. do you like it Leroy?"&nbsp; (g)



"I know you do. If I like something, you like it too." (g)



"I love you slave. I have never had sooo much fun!"



I quickly got her to the bed. She dismounted and patted the

bed in the center for me.



"Lay your head right there for the night slave. We are going to

have lotsa fun sex! This is your dream. Enjoy every second of it!"



She sat down on my face wrapping her legs around me. I needed 

no encouragement to lick her. I adored her scent just as I had 

always dreamed I would. Her pussy tasted good, even after her 

pissing in my mouth. I knew I would have no problems being her 

pee toilet for life. She was so gorgeous. The, "Next step," 

concerned me a lot, a whole lot. There is no way I can do that.

No matter how beautiful she is outside, she has shit like 

anyone else, I thought. If ever I doubted that, the doubts were 

erased by the taste of her piss, god that was awful. Surely she 

will never insist on anything so horrible as actually taking a 

shit in my mouth. She had alluded to such a thing several times

but I was pretty sure she was "razing" me. I know I instigated

it but that was an email and a fantasy at the time. Not real

life.



Her voice had returned to normal several minutes ago. It now

acquired a sexy sound. God she was sexy. I loved her voice 

almost as much as I loved the rest of her. She was not foreign 

but she could speak French so beautifully. Her voice was made 

for the language. That was her college major. She planned to 

teach French in high school. She would drive the high school 

boys wild.



"Assume your natural position, slave."



My natural position had not been discussed. I assumed it was 

my head between those fabulous legs and my mouth over her pussy. 

I was right in my assumption. She layed back and moaned softly 

as I licked her. I ran my tongue inside, toyed with her clit, 

gently sucked on her lips all the while swallowing her cum. 

I was instantly hooked on it. I knew I would do anything just 

to eat her pussy. I had never done anything in my life I 

enjoyed so much. Yeah, I was in heaven.



As her moans grew louder and her movements became harder and 

faster. I moved my tongue over her clit as fast as I could. 

The instant I felt her body tense I pushed my tongue inside 

as deep and as far as I could. Just the way I would have 

pushed with my dick. Her body shuddered and she squeezed my 

face so hard I thought she would mash it flat or break my neck. 

After awhile she lay still. I sucked hard on her pussy and 

swallowed more cum. God I loved the taste. I was pussy whipped 

forever. I would withstand anything as long as she would let 

me eat her out like this. Although my tongue was tired, I 

gently licked her. She was quiet and still now. Then she 

raised up and looked into my eyes. She was big on eye contact.



"That was awesome, Leroy. Like totally awesome. I am never 

letting you go! You are mine forever boy. Don't you die on me 

either. I want your mouth on my pussy when I reach 100! I am

so glad you said, 'For as long as I wanted to use you'. I will

want to for years and years. Gee, Leroy, no one has ever hooked 

up with me like that. You are awesome, Leroy. I am serious!

You really are!"



"Know what? I wish Leah could experience what I have just had.---I 

will tell her about you. She is very sexy. You have enough tongue for

both of us. We share everything!"



"Jess, I know I am yours. You can do whatever you want. But 

I beg you, please do not tell her you went pee in my mouth.

I don't think I could do that for anyone else. Please let 

that be a secret only you and I know. Please Jessica."



She looked at me, smiled and giggled. "Like I am going to 

tell her that. I can share your tongue, but that is just for 

me." She said, as she rubbed my stomach with her foot, 

scratching just a little with her nails, while looking into 

my eyes for the winch of pain. Why did my dick get harder 

as I flinched in pain?



Pensively, she looked straight into my eyes again and said.



"Leroy, she is my best friend. The best I ever had. I love her. 

What we have is beautiful. I told you we share everything. I 

will think about what you just said, but I think you have two 

very beautiful women to serve. Women who are more perverted 

than you ever thought women could be. Yeah, you will end up 

serving both of us Leroy."



"Leah is beautiful and I have noticed the way you look at her.

You think so too. I got angry at first. But after thinking about 

it, I realized you need some variety. She and I are such a

contrast. She is soooo dark. I want you to be a very good slave

when I tell her. You will be very obedient to me. You will

make a good impression this time, will you not, slave?"



I nodded my head while continuing to lick her heavenly spot.

I would have agreed to anything Jessica said right then.



"Hey, I am going to save my bites until after dinner. It is time 

you take us. It is to late for you to cook for us. You 

enjoyed me for to long. I am not at all certain right now, who 

owns who! You were slurping like I was pure sweetness, 100% pure 

honey! You do not think I am your sex slave, do you?"&nbsp; (g)



Believe me, she knew who owned who.

 

"Know what Leroy, you get to fix our breakfast and serve us 

in bed tomorrow. We will love it. I want you to fix us steaks 

on the grill tomorrow night with baked potatoe. Fix a nice salad 

too. I am sooo glad you can cook. Do French toast for our 

breakfast. We both love it. If I get fat, it is your fault 

and you are serving me anyway. There is no fat clause in 

our agreement. You can never leave me Leroy, never! I will

hunt you down and slowly torture you to death while never 

allowing you to hook up with me again."



"Yeah, picture me weighing in at 225! Gobby fat ass. Plopping

down on your face! Hell, you would suffocate! Now that, Leroy,

would be torture! What you have with me is pure heaven to you!

I know it too! You are mine, all mine."&nbsp; (g)



She smiled at me, the same sweet Jessica smile, that of a 

goddess. The piss drinking was all but a memory. Gone were 

her harsh words, her taunts, insults, and her icy demeaner.

I smiled back at her. She never had to be concerned with 

my running away. This is one slave who will never run I 

promised myself. I just remembered, I had not kissed her 

feet yet. I got on my knees and did so. Jess giggled as

I kissed and licked each pretty toe. I looked forward

to giving her pedicures. Her feet were just right for 

her body. But everything about her was like that. I lifted

her legs one at a time and licked the bottoms of her feet.

She laughted, pulled her foot back and pushed on my fore 

head with her other foot. She giggled as she put her foot 

back to my mouth for more adoration. I had found my dream 

alright. Jessica loved attention. She loved this worshiping 

thing. She was not going to tire of it either. My concern 

for a moment was, would I grow tired of how demanding she 

was. Her demands would increase with time. I felt sure of that.



"Go slave, shower! You have your cum on your clothes

and traces of my cum on your face. (g) There is even some 

cum in your eyebrow. Wait. I have to have a picture of that. 

Stand slave! I command you! (g)



Jessica grabbed her camera and took two pictures of me.

One full length to show the stain, the other a close up 

of my face showing cum in my eye brow. She was giggling

all the while and making remarks like. "I love having a 

slave!" "You are so perfect for me!" "Why did I not get 

you a long time ago!" "I had so much stress that your 

tongue would have made go away."



She looked into my soul again and seriously said.



"You are going to be my very own stress reliever. Thank 

you, Leroy. You have given me your life. I will make

it last as long as I can while receiving immense pleasure

from you. You will have bad times. But there will be fun 

times too. Like now. I can tell you are very happy."



She turned towards the bathroom. I saw the naked ass that

had been a focal point of so many dreams.



"Jess," I called to her.



She stopped and turned.



"May I please kiss your ass. I have kissed it a thousand 

times in my dreams." I asked her as I dropped to my knees.



She smiled and suppressed a giggle as she backed towards

my face. I will always remember the vision of loveliness, 

the picture of beauty she made as her ass came slowly 

backwards to my face. Jess knew how to be erotic. 



I placed my arms around her abdomen and lovingly kissed 

her tush. I kissed each check several times cultimated 

by a french kiss to her rosebud. I kissed it long and 

passionately. My tongue darted in and out of it several 

times. I felt no shame or degradation by what I was doing. 

I was worshipping the ass of a goddess. I was kissing it the 

way a guy should kiss the ass of a Goddess. I creamed my 

pants again without ever touching my dick.&nbsp; 











 









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Four



"Hey you two, I am starving. Jess, You have tortured

the poor guy enough already." (g)



That was the first time I heard Leah giggle. It sounded

like an, I know what you all have been doing, giggle.

I certainly hoped not.



"Leroy is going to shower. He worked so hard moving us.

We will be right down."



We walked in the bathroom together. "We will shower 

together," Jessica smiled at me.



I stepped in the tub and held out my hand to her. She

looked at me the way one would expect a lover to look, 

as she took my hand and stepped over the tub's edge.

I could not keep from looking at her boobs as she 

stepped over. They made a cute little wiggle. I had 

given them very little attention. I knew I would have 

to improve on that. There was so many things about 

Jessica I wanted to worship.



Jessica turned her back to me and turned on the shower.

She aimed it at me. The cold water hit my skin and I 

yelled. She giggled.



"Tell me when it is right she said as she turned the 

faucet from cold to hot much to slowly. She turned

her head to watch the shocked expression on my face 

while the cold water hit me. She was smiling while watching

my dick subside to very flaccid. 



"Uhmmm, I guess we know how to control that part of you, 

don't we!" (g)



"Could we try another way?" I shivered.



She giggled again as the water changed to warm. When the 

tempature was a little hotter than her piss I said, 

"Touch it, see if it is right for you."



"Sure, like I am going to do that! You are not serious!

I am not touching it, you will not be touching it often 

either!"



She blushed and pushed me backwards when I told her I was 

talking about the water. My feet slid and I landed flat 

of my ass. I looked up. She was smiling down at me.



"Stay, slave." She said through clinched teeth. Her eyes were

sparkling as she said it. She dropped a wash cloth on me.



"You will wash me below my waist. I will wash me above. No

playing either!" (g)



I began washing a little above her waist. Her abdomen muscles 

were so taunt. Jessica was a hard body. I do not know what 

she did to stay in such great shape. I washed over her cute 

little belly button. That is another part of her I was 

attracted to. There are millions of them, her's just looked 

so cute. I washed over it several times. She turned the spray 

on my face. As I sputtered she said. "Don't play!"



I looked up at her when she moved the nozzle. I could tell

she was pleased that I was so attracted to her. I washed her 

bush. I kissed her lips before washing them. I licked a few

times too.



"You have just earned your fourth bite." 



I looked up at her as she finished the sentence. She was 

baring her teeth to me.



"But Jess, how can I have my mouth so close to heaven and 

not kiss and lick?"



"I hope you can not. I love to bite! You can kiss my ass too, 

but if you do I am going to add another bite!"



I washed her pussy. It was very hard not to kiss those lips 

again. When I had washed them I raised my mouth to her lips 

and kissed her pussy again.



"Five" was all she said.



She turned her ass towards my face, her back to the shower.

I kissed her ass on both cheeks. 



"That is seven. Leroy, maybe you should not earn anymore 

until you experience a few. I told you they would not be 

love bites. Leroy, they are going to hurt, like a lot!"



I could not refrain from being smart."Do you bite yourself?"

I asked, looking up at her with a smile.



She raised her eyebrows and said. "OK you will see! Your

smart mouth will vanish too!"



Dry me, shower and get your ass downstairs. I am starved. 

You do not want me to bite you now. Seven bites and you would 

be mush and bone!"



I still smiled as I began to towel her. I was feeling so 

lucky. How many men my age have ever experienced a goddess 

like this? Indeed, how many of any age. I dried her slowly.

I played a little as I was drying her boobs. They were so firm 

the nipples were so inviting. I wanted to take one in my 

mouth but a look at Jessica's face discouraged me. Her 

teasing mood was about passed. Instead I said.



"I will hurry, where do you ladies want to eat?"



"Pizza Hut, I want pizza and beer tonight. She smiled 

mischieviously.



I hurried with my shower got dressed and rushed out of the 

bedroom. Jessica and Leah were waiting not so patiently.

I did not know whether to smile or not. Sometimes Jessica 

could be a little frightening. I asked myself, how? She is

only 5'4"!



I knew the answer of course. Jusk like if a master kicks 

his dog, the dog will crawl back to his master's feet. I 

knew whatever Jessica did to me, I would never lift a hand 

against her.



I opened the door for them. They each put an arm around me 

as we walked to the car together. I knew my touch meant 

little to them. Jessica's arm around me, I would not trade 

for the world.



All through dinner Leah kept giving me looks. I was not sure

what the looks were about. Neither of them said anything

sexual. Nothing even with sexual overtones. Still I kept 

thinking the looks Leah was giving me had to do with Jessica 

saying she wanted me to have oral sex with her room mate 

after dinner. 



Leah was a pretty thing. Any man would give his right arm 

to eat her pussy. Still, I was deeply in love with Jessica. 

I was willing to do this only because Jessica wanted me too. 

Otherwise, no way. If there was no Jessica, if we were not 

together, I would jump at the chance and feel like the 

luckiest guy in the world. There is an "us" where Jessica 

is concerned. I could not began to say how much that meant 

to me.



More than once Jessica looked at me as she took a bite 

of pizza and showed me more teeth than necessary. A very small 

smile would twitch her lips, her eyes would brighten. I was

beginning to feel like dessert. She did it often enough that

Leah said.



"Leroy, if you have agreed to let her bite you, I hope for 

your sake it is only once! I saw a guy a few months ago 

after he let Jess tie him up and bite him. ------ Ohhhh, 

you have, haven't you. Oh my god. Leroy you are so going 

to be sorry!" Leah said while shaking her head side to side 

slowly. 



I looked at Jessica, she was smiling like the cat who ate 

the canary. She looked straight at me and gave me a smile,

if you could call it that. More like doing a toothpaste 

commercial or showing your teeth to a dentist!



I had one beer with my pizza and did not eat very much. Jess 

drink to many, she was tipsy when we left. When we got back 

to our place she said. "Leroy carry me to our bedroom and 

stay with me."



I knew she had said nothing to Leah, I was glad. As soon

as I place her little bod on the bed she said.



"Leroy, I gotta pee. I mean really pee."



She giggled. "The same biting rules apply. I think this time

you will have to stop the flow so much, I will just eat you 

all up!" (g)



I was not so frightened as I helped her off with her clothes 

and knelt, placing my mouth over her. I did not like the taste of 

her piss but I loved her pussy. She smiled down at me as she 

started her flow. Yuck, it was really bad. The beer flavoring 

made her piss taste a lot worse. If one drink much piss he 

would soon hate beer! 



"Slave, I can tell you do not like the taste of my pee. I am

not pleased."



Her voice was slurred. Jessica had drink way to much and I 

was paying the price. Even though Jessica peed as slowly as 

she could there was so much piss I could not keep up. I

squeezed her bum. She giggled as she stopped the flow.



"That is eight, slave. You are going to be dessert all night 

long. I am going to eat you up, yeah, as in devour! You will

eat me, I will eat you!" She giggled at her joke and started 

pissing again."



I looked up at her. Even drunk, she was a beauty. I squeezed 

her again. 



"Nine," she giggled.



"I did not have to breathe, I just wanted to say, "I love you."



I squeezed again to let her know I was ready for more of her 

golden nectar. She giggled as she started the flow.



"You are nuts, like really nuts! I am telling you how much

I am going to hurt you with my teeth and you add to your pain 

unnecessarily. You are truly bonkers! I am drunk and I have 

more sense than that!"



A few swallows later and her flow ceased. I lovingly licked her.

I raised my eyes to see her face. Her smile was kinda lopsided 

but very cute.



"Jessica, may I please go to the bathroom?"



"No,no, no, you may not. I want you to hold off as long as you 

can. I want things to stretch. Your holding capacity must be 

increased in case you are required to serve multiple people.

I want my pee to stay inside your body as long as possible.

It pleases me to look at you and know your body is processing 

my waste. This is much more of a power trip than I ever dreamed.

Lick me Leroy. Tell me how good I taste. Tell me again you want 

to be my complete full use toilet. Tell me you want me to use 

you for the rest of your life. Talk to me while you lick me, 

Leroy. I like to hear little sucking sounds too."



I told her the things she wanted to hear. I went overboard 

because I knew tomorrow she would not remember them. I even 

said I looked forward to when she would begin really using me. 

I kissed her tenderly for emphasis. She giggled and squeezed

my face with her thighs. When she released my face I gave her 

a big lick all the length of her pussy and said, "Turn over 

and I'll do your ass too."



She laughted as she rolled over sticking her fantastic ass in 

my face. I began kissing, licking on her cute little rosebud. 

She reached back with both hands and grabbed hold of my ears. 

She pulled hard. To hard, her nails hurt. She farted in my

mouth. A beer fart. It was so bad I thought I would be sick. 

She released my ears. Her whole body shook with laughter. It 

was not funny to me.



"Leroy, that was so funny. You should see your face! I think 

you are turning green. That was just a scent, think what the 

real shit will be like. How on earth can you eat it? I do not 

believe you can. But know what, I am going to make you when I 

get ready. I am not ready yet! So you skate for now, later

who knows!" (g)



"Carry me to the toilet, the porceline one!" (g)



I picked up my beautiful goddess and carried her to the 

bathroom. She giggled all of the way. I did not know how much 

of her giggling was from amusement and how much was from beer.



"Set me down on the toilet seat, no not your face!" (g)



I already had her sitting on the commode when she said that. 

She was just making jokes. 



"You leave, Leroy, when I am ready to take a big dump in your

presence you will be swallowing it! She giggled again.



I smiled at her and said, "Yes my beautiful goddess. God you 

look awesome sitting on a throne, you are a true princess."



She threw a wash cloth at me, I ducked, exiting quickly, closing 

the bathroom door behind me.



"I am making you pay for the smart mouth, Leroy. Boy are you

ever going to pay!" She called after me with a giggle.



I was about to piss my pants. I went to the other bathroom. 

It served as a guest bathroom and a bathroom for Leah's room. 

Leah, looked at me quizically when I went in but said nothing.



"Jess is in the other one," I said.



"I think you should look in the mirror." (g)



I did. My hair was a total mess. There was an umistakable 

yellow stain on my shirt. I did not realize any had leaked 

out of my mouth. I hope Leah did not see that yellow. It 

could mean only one thing. I pissed a gallon or so, seemed 

like, and walked a little sideways past where Leah could see. 

I was carefully keeping the stain from her eyes.



"Toooo late! I already seen. (g) Boy you are hung up on her,

bad! I believe those emails now!" (g)



"Leroy, Leroy where are you. I need you. Like now!"



I opened the bathroom door. It stunk even though she had 

sprayed and the fan was on. I could still smell it. The

beer and pizza combination did not make for pleasant smelling 

feces.



"I told you you would pay. Well, pay time is here. On your 

knees!"



I got on my knees without question or hesitation. She got

off the commode and backed her ass to my face.



I licked her without being asked. I braced myself for the 

horrible taste that never came. She giggled.



"Glad I wiped first?"



"Slave crawl to the commode, put your head inside and stay 

there until I tell you to take it out. Inhale through your 

nose, breathe out through your mouth."



As soon as I approached the toilet I knew she had neglected 

to flush. There was a stupendous pile of shit at the bottom.

I looked at it as I inhaled. I knew there was no way I could 

have swallowed all of that. As bad as the stink was, I 

doubted if I could have swallowed even one mouthful. She 

tossed a towel over my head. It fell to the floor covering 

my head inside her commode. I heard her walk away. I even

heard the fan as it quit. Jess had turned it off.



"Jess, come back." I called to her.



"Like I am going to stay in that stinking toilet, no way!"



"You use those lungs to filter the stink. God that stinks!"



She giggled as she closed the door. I do not know how long

I was bent over with my head in her toilet. My back hurt,

my knees hurt even though I shifted positions several times.

Finally the door opened. I did not remove my head from the 

toilet. A flash went off. I knew Jess had taken a picture.



"You can flush and take your head out of my toilet if you 

have smelled enough of my shit! (g) Is it as good as you 

dreamed it would be? (g) You are so, like crazy! But I am 

glad. I really like using you. I hope that conditioned you 

for the next step. It will be a biggy!" (g)"



The camera flashed again as my head cleared the toilet.



"Come out here, that still stinks awful. I have to pee 

again and your mouth is sooo inviting!"



I crawled to the bedroom with Jessica on my back giggling,

barely able to hang on. She settled on my face. I helped 

hold her and received another large amount of beer pee. 



I had to keep her from drinking anymore beer I thought. I 

do not believe I could ever stand the taste of beer again.



"You be glad I really like you or you would have been eating 

that horrible stinking shit that is in the toilet. I thought about 

making you eat all of it! I could visualize you scooping it

out with your fingers and putting it in your mouth. Leroy, I 

am bad, like really bad. I warned you! Did you listen? Hell 

no! You thought beauty is always good, sweet, and all that shit!

I told you, Leroy. It is to late for you now! You are to

freakin much! I am enjoying you drunk! Wait until I am sober!

Hours, days, even years of fun for me! Some will not be so

pleasurable for you though! But hey, you are a slave! My slave

for life! That is awesome!"



She reached in the nightstand drawer and got a large table 

spoon.



"Just think. (g) One loving spoonful at a time! Darn, I wish 

I had not let you flush! 



Jessica was always giggling when she referred to anything 

envolving my situation. It seemed to me she was enjoying it

more all the time. I even thought about clearing out. But

how could I? She had made it clear if she accepted me I had 

to stay as long as she wanted. I simply could not let my 

dream girl down. I looked at her body. Nevermind what just 

came out of it. Jessica was one classy broad. There was no

use kidding myself. I could not leave her no matter the 

circumstances. I knew if there had been anything in that 

commode when she handed me the spoon, I would have taken a 

bite.



I gave a lot of thought about me, Jessica, and my position. I

had to accept that she was not quite as sweet and caring

as she was in all my fantasies. Yeah, the differences between 

fantasies and real life was hugh. I was going to learn they were

larger than I could ever have imagined. No one's immagination

could dream of the real thing as it was. Yeah, I was giving my 

life to this little thing and she was taking it. She was taking 

it with pleasure. I was an intelligent man, very intelligent.

I should have known from the begining and certainly as the

events unfolded that I was in way over my head. What kept me?

Her beauty of face and body. Yeah, her manerisms too. She used

me and giggled about it. She adored using me. She bathed in the 

power she had over me. My problem was, I also bathed in her power 

over me. I got hard everytime she used me, every time she did 

something to me that hurt. I have no explanation. I was helpless.

She enjoy every moment of that helplessness. At times she was

heartless. At times I thought she really cared for me. I have

lots of questions about Jessica to this day. There is one thing 

I always will remember. If I had my life to live over again,

I would want to give her more of it.



To be continued.



Author's note: Vacation time is here 17-28. Patience, please.&nbsp; 













&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Five



I would like to say she was cooperative and passed out. She

did not. It was the wee hours of the morning before sleep 

came. She transferred the beer in her bladder to my stomach 

by the way of my mouth several times. I thought being 

intoxicated was supposed to reduce one's sex drive. Duh, 

If it did I was wondering how would I survive her love making. 

My tongue was ready to drop off before she finally went to 

sleep. She had kept me busy licking this, licking that, 

probing all the right places too. Except her mouth.I never 

got near that. I tried a few times but she pushed me away 

giggling and telling me I smelled like pussy, or I smelled 

like beer piss. Or, "Leroy, get your mouth back where you 

have always wanted it." That was her favorite. 



After going to the toilet and pissing forever, I returned

to the recliner I had pushed to the foot of the bed. I lay 

partly on it and partly on the bed so my face was near my 

near my goddess Jessica's ass. Several times during 

the night I was greeted with very unpleasant scents. I 

just inhaled with the knowledge they came from Jess. 

Sometimes I would plant a kiss on her cute little ass. 

Each time I thought how beautiful she was, not how bad the 

stink was. I guess that is love. 



I did not sleep very good due to her farts, her kicking me,

tossing around, pining my head and neck in unpleasant 

positions. A couple times I was awaked with sharp pains in 

my neck. I was kicked several times in my stomach hard 

enough to awaken me. I just put my hands on her legs, 

straighten them out, and kissed her pussy or ass whichever 

was in my face. A couple times she whispered things like, 

"That is so sweet". I heard, "I love you Leroy," too.



Morning came, I ached all over. I had a terrible crick in 

my neck. I knew I was way to old for this kind of treatment. 

I took a shower and ran hot water over my neck. I had a 

bruise on my stomach from one or more of her kicks. None 

of my fantasies were anything like this, I thought. When I 

came out of the shower Jessica looked at me and sleeply said, 

"Leroy, I gotta go pee." 



I moved to her and placed my mouth to her body. She had 

the sweetest smile on her face as she began pissing in my 

mouth. Her morning pee was strong in taste. Well one word, 

Yuck. The alcohol taste made it a lot worse. I hated the 

taste but I loved serving Jess. It was special in ways I 

can not describe. I swallowed it and loved every drop. I

did not have to stop her flow one time.!



I licked her when the flow stopped. I kissed her lips one 

at a time and told her how much I loved her, how beautiful 

she was and how everything that came from her gorgeous body 

was good to me and for me. I think I even believed those 

things. Maybe she came to believe also. They were not. The

taste was to awful to describe and I am an example of how 

not good it was for me.



I continued telling her these lies. Maybe I convinced her.

She looked at me very softly, much like one looks at a child.



"Leroy, I have dreamed of your being my full and complete 

toilet. I would like for you to try. If you can not eat it, 

I will understand but I will love you even more if you can.

I understand what you are doing for me. I really do. You are

giving your all to me, your very life. It is the sweetest

thing anyone has ever done. I would be bad if I did not 

accept and appreciate your gift."



The way she said it, it made perfectly good sense. I put my

mouth to her rosebud and waited. The wait was not long. The

first turd was pretty large. I crushed it against my mouth 

and willed myself to swallow. Her shit came out as soft mush, 

the beer I guess. I vaguely remembered hearing her stomach 

make noise all night. This was the worst odor I had ever 

encountered. I did my best to continue to tell myself I was 

doing something awesome for Jessica. I told myself how it 

demonstrated my unique love of her,to her. I could not see

her beautiful face. I could only see some thighs, some ass, 

and the worlds most beautiful pussy. I swallowed her shit 

and thought about the wonderful taste of her cum. Before 

she was through taking a dump in my mouth I could see traces 

of white forming at her lips. I saw her hand as it reached 

down and pressed just above her slit. I saw a long 

beautifully manicured finger enter that little part of heaven 

just slightly ahead of the second finger that entered there. 

I could taste her in my mind. All my mouth could taste was 

the bitter bile taste of shit. 



I was giving my life for her pleasure, convience, and amusement

and I was having no regrets. That was so stupid. I know that now.

But even as I became convinced of it through the years, I could 

not stop. I would tell myself I would but as soon as I saw her 

I only wanted to serve her more. It mattered not what she did 

to me, I wanted to eat her pussy. I lived for mouth to pussy 

contact. Jessica enjoyed that part of our relationship too. She

always wanted my mouth on her body. She placed her mouth on my 

body a lot too. Her's was to inflict pain. The first time came 

right after I had finished throughly tonguing out her ass hole. 

I knew I was not going to be able to keep her shit in my stomach. 

I wanted to so much. I wanted to prove to Jessica that her body 

waste was good for me. I wanted her to really believe I adored 

serving as her toilet.



"Leroy, I have lots of bites coming. I am going to collect one 

now. I was afraid to while I was drunk. I was afraid I might 

devour you. You are much to valuable to me for such a short 

life. I want your services forever." (g)



She took my hand like she was deeply in love with me. She 

looked into my eyes as her teeth close on my arm about six 

inches from my wrist. 



"Leroy, when I refer to one bite, it is not like a mosquito

who bites then flies away. One bite means one session of

skin to mouth. There may actually be lots of individual 

bruises and marks which are the naturally result of one bite.

See one bite means until I am through biting you at that time.

One bite this time means until I want you to go prepare my 

French Toast."

 

As she told me this her eyes appeared to widen like in 

wonderment. I could almost see the light behind them. She 

playfully closed her mouth. I felt the pain. When I responded 

to that pain and cried out, she giggled.



She removed her mouth and looked at my arm. She showed it to 

me. I could see the outline of her teeth on my arm.



"Cute, uh?" She said as she brought my arm to her mouth again. 



She opened her mouth as wide as she could. Even her eyes 

closed, squinted shut. I never realized her mouth was so large.

She got almost all of the underside of my arm in her mouth. I 

could feel her upper and lower teeth scrape my skin as she 

pulled my arm in her mouth using both her hands, like she was 

trying to get all of me in her mouth for one bite.



I have thought back and would sometimes wonder why I stood 

idly by and let her do stuff to me. Why did I not run from 

her as fast as I could. The answer, I never wanted to. Even 

when Jess was hurting me, I loved her in ways I could never 

explain.



I watched like another person detached from the actual events.

She slowly increased pressure. The pain began to build. I 

wanted not to cry out. She would reach that point 

where her teeth was about to cut through my skin and would do 

different things. Sometimes she would back off slowly. 

Sometimes she would snap open her mouth almost to the 

release point. Sometimes she would chew casually as if my 

arm was a piece of bubble gum. I was in constant pain from 

the first time her teeth touched until she quit, more than 

two hours later. For almost all of that time she worked on 

that area she started on. It became the deepest bruise I 

had ever seen to that point in my life. I would see more. 

My arm hurt a lot for several days. Constant hurt, then it 

would hurt only when I moved it. She would playfully slap 

me there. She would double her fist and punch me on the arm 

and giggle saying stuff like. "You are all mine!" "I own you, 

all of you!" "I may devour you someday, just think, death 

by the teeth of your Goddess Jess!"



"Give me a ride to Leah's room. If she is not awake, we will 

awaken her."&nbsp; (g)



I got off the bed. My stomach was turning over and over.

Jessica sprang off the bed on my back. When she landed my 

stomach hit the floor.



"Leroy! You really must get in better shape! I like games.

Get in shape, that is an order!"&nbsp; (g)



We entered Leah's room. She was reading a sex magazine and 

finger fucking herself. I think. She dropped the mag and looked 

at us somewhat embarrassed.



Leah, OUR slave has something he wants you to know but is to 

shy to say it. I agreed to tell you. He wants to be your sex 

slave too! He thinks you are very beautiful and are deserving 

of any kind of attention from him you want. He has NO limits. 

I will leave the two of you together. Have fun with him Leah. 

I will call for him when I need him again. Oh, Leah, he loves 

to drink pee! He simply can not get enough of mine."



After an introduction like that you know what happened. 



Leah had a wide eyed look on her face. I now doubt if she was all 

that surprised. In fact she may have expected such an intro.



She threw the sheet off her body. She was dressed in white.

Totally gorgeous. Her little titties were bare but she was

wearing a short white gown and white panties. 



I stared at her and she giggled.



"Come to me slave. You can finish what I was working on. I 

had much rather have your tongue than my fingers!"



She motioned with her hand and fingers as she bid me to come 

to her bed.



I walked to her. I think I was in a trance. She kept pointing 

with a long sexy finger where she wanted my mouth to go. I did 

not need direction. I knew where she wanted me.



She was very aroused and her scent was stronger than Jessica's.

I liked it though. I placed my mouth over her pussy as best as 

I could. She was large. I bet she was twice as large as Jessica. 

Her lips were hugh. I had a lot of area to lick. She was trimmed 

very little. I had hair in my mouth with the first lick. I tried 

to get it out of my mouth.



"Leroy, when you eat me, you are going to get pubic hair in your 

mouth. Ignore it. Don't be concerned with it staying in your mouth. 

You will swallow enough that the hair will go right down to the 

septic tank." 



She rubbed my stomach and laughted. Her laughter was low and 

devilish with her reference to the septic tank. Yeah, She and Jessica 

had discussed me. 



She rode my face. I mean she got astraddle of my face and rode. 

She put pillows under my head, placed her knees on the muscles of 

my arms and ignored my pain.



She fucked my face like she had not had sex in a year. She was

very vocal with her fucking and when she orgasmed she yelled so 

loud I bet the whole apartment complex knew someone was having 

sex.



She stayed where she was, shifting her knees on my arms.



"Well, suck,Leroy. Clean me really good. That's it slave. Lick 

my pussy. You will get a lot of that. I am going to enjoy you 

soooo much."



"Can I piss without you getting any on my pillow? If not 

lets go to the toilet and you can bend your head over the 

pot. Yeah, lets do it like that. Come on."



She got off me and walked toward the bathroom. I was on my knees

right behind her admiring that ass. Her pussy was so visable 

from behind too. She had a large pussy.



She looked back, giggled, and sat on my shoulders. I could feel 

her heat on my neck. she was a lot heavier than Jessica. I

was having trouble carrying her like that because my arms hurt 

so much from the knee treatment.



"Leroy, I do not know what ever posessed you to desire being

a woman's slave and toilet. I don't care either. I am using you 

though. I will enjoy it too. If it pleases you, great. If not, 

to bad. Your plight is not all that unususal in my country. Not 

much is willingly performed though. You would be a hugh hit at 

my house."



She was not making a sex game out of this, She instructed me to 

sit, face forward and lean my head back over the stool. She 

straddled my face and begin to pee. She looked at me once.

There was no smile. Just nothing. She was taking a piss and 

that was that to her. She was trying to act like it was natural

The heat building in her pussy gave her away. She was as 

turned on as Jessica with toilet use of me. 



I licked her when she finished. She got up. I started to get 

up too.



She smiled and said. "Uh uh, stay."



She turned around. 



"Make a seat for my ass with your hands. I am really going to 

use that mouth of yours. Besides, it is blocking my toilet. 

But I just received an upgrade. My new one has an automatic wiper!"



She laughted at her joke.



I braced my elbows against my chest and my hands made a seat for 

her ass. She got right to business. A fart came first. She put a 

large bath towel over us and began to shit. There was nothing

romantic about this. She was using the toilet. Me. That was it.

I heard her talking and realized she was talking and laughing 

over her cell phone. She talked for a few minutes before I realized 

she was talking to Jessica, telling her about the events that 

had and were transpiring.



She shit one turd after another. She sat on my hands for 

quite awhile while I licked her ass after she was finished with 

her morning dump. 



When she finished her phone conversation she got up and walked out 

of the bathroom, closing the door behind her.



I did not know what to do. I sat on the toilet floor and leaned 

back against the commode. My stomach felt really bad. I felt like 

I needed to puke my insides up. I put my head over the commode 

but could not vomit. I put my finger down my throat and gagged 

over and over. Only saliva would come up. I was unable to puke. 

I remembered the pills Jessica gave me. I wish I had refused to 

take them. I was paying the price now.



I got sicker suddenly and seriously. I called my doctor and got 

a referral. I asked him to refer me to someone who was both 

good and secretive. He did.



I did not play games with the doctor. I told him what I had

been doing and the games I played. After I got his word that 

nothing about this would ever be leaked to any authorities, 

or anyone else. It was not something I wanted anyone to know. 

He stared at me for awhile and said. 



"I can understand your privacy concerns however, you can die." 



That had never occurred to me. I felt like I might but this 

was modern times and I was being checked into a good modern 

hospital. I was in excellent health. I asked him how I could

get this sick.



He said, "Have you heard of some of these known pathogens in 

feces: One, Listeria Monocytogenes------It's a viral pathogen 

that attacks a person's white blood cells, replicates in the 

cells, and then explodes the white blood cell with new Listeria 

Monocytogenes that do exactly the same thing again and again 

until you're dead! Or how about Staphylococus Aureus? It is 

commonly found in everyone's nose, and is almost the fastest 

infectious bacteria every to exist. It is found in abundance 

in feces. It&nbsp; is also very hearty against medications. It is 

a pathogen and will kill a human in little time if derived 

from the concentration as feces carry. How about Escerisha 

Coli 0157:H7? Commonly called E.Coli, it will rip your insides 

apart within days. Remember Jack-In-the-Box hamburgers? Those 

people ate meat that had been infected with E.Coli. The same

pathogenic bacterium is in huge quantities in the intestinal

tract of this young sweet thing of yours." 



Now the urine carries a lighter toll on the body. Urine is 

actually 100% sterile in the human body. However, upon passing 

over the labia and its hair, any microbiological "dirt" is 

passed on with the urine stream. Also, part of the urine chemical 

composite changes to ammonia upon contact with the air. Ammonia 

breaks down any cell in the body after enough of a concentration. 

So internal organs and surface skin can be damaged by prolonged 

exposure to urine. This would require a closed system though, If 

you drink a lot of water in conjunction with serving her as her,

"pee toilet", you can be expected to live many years."



He told me the above after I was admitted and he came to see me.

My stomach was pumped, I had lots of lines attached including a 

drip of stuff in my hand. He was not very happy with his patient

and made no bones about it. I felt really bad. Jessica wanted

to go with me in the hospital but I was afraid this would cause

problems so I asked her not to call from her phone or come and 

see me in person . I wanted no one to know the person who did 

this to me. I would protect Jessica at all cost.



I was in the hospital two days. I met with the doctor in his

office after I had been released from the hospital. I was well 

and feeling good. I was missing Jessica very much. I wanted to 

serve her completely again. I knew I would. She was irrestible.



I made the appointment, not because I needed anything for what 

I had, I wanted something to prevent that. We had a lengthy 

conversation. He did not think I was mentally ill but perverted 

at best. After much insistance by me, he gave me an assortment of

pills and pre-natal vitamins, and a prescriptions. He said 

they would keep me from being really sick as I was when he first 

seen me but make no mistake about it, if I continued as I was I 

would take several years off my life plus I would be old before 

my time. I laughted and said I was already old before my time.



He said I could come in for an office visit once a month and he

would give me samples of the treatment used to treat ulcers. My 

insurance would pay for only one such treatment, He could keep

me supplied with samples though. My former docter had done 

very good with his referal. I could never have found a better 

doctor.



I picked up the scripts at the drug store and returned home. Jessica

was just getting up. She was very pretty in the mornings, no 

make up on at all. When she was fixed up she was extremely 

beautiful. When she was made up no one I ever seen compared 

to her. I always was an admirer of beauty. When I looked back 

on the years I spent with her and psychoanalyzed my self I 

came up with only one solution. I was crazy! 



Still there are lots of times I long to be used and abused by 

her. I still think of those days as being the greatest times

of my life. Sure I gave several years of my life to her and 

she took them as casually as she would have taken a one 

hundred dollar bill. Maybe with less thought. She was so 

sure of me all of the time. She knew no matter what horrible 

things she did or how much pain she caused me, I would 

remain her's and devoted to her. After the pasage of time, 

one only remembers the good times. 



I missed a lot of work and took early retirement. In fact I

worked very little after I gave myself to Jessica. I was

ok money wise. I had always been frugal and saved. Plus 

A lot of money my wife though was expense money went into my 

account out of state. She did not know nor did she suspect I 

was doing that. She thought I was required to pay my own 

expenses, motel, food, etc when out of town overnight. My 

emplorer reimbursed me. I put the reimbursement in the bank

saved and invested all of that.



I was and still am a complete fool for Jessica, however

I never let her know anything about the saved funds.

She had no problem spending my retirement checks and

would have spent everything I had if she knew anything about 

it. I still marvel at my ability to keep it from her. When I 

die, she will get what is left. She is my only beneficiary.









 









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Six



"Hi Leroy, I have missed you. You miss me?"



"Yes, when I am away from you even for a few minutes, I get 

withdrawal symptoms." I replied.



She yawned not bothering to cover her mouth. "I need to pee."

She said at the end of her yawn. "Hit the floor slave."



A look of concern appeared on her face. "You are up to full time 

use, are you not? The doctor did give you medicine to allow you 

to be my toilet. I hope so, I love using you that way."



"Yeah, as long as you want me." I grinned.



"That is, yes my Goddess, you slave." She said as she poked me

in my stomach with her fist. Not as hard as she could but

pretty hard.

I hit the floor on my knees and she removed her pj bottoms giggling.



"Oh, Toilet, I really must have you forever. There is nothing in the

world like this." She said as she settled on my face and begin to pee.

She looked down at me and smiled. My eyes were full of love and 

devotion for her. I swallowed and with each mouthful I thanked my 

lucky stars to be where I now was. I put the Doctor's warning far from my

mind and kissed the place from where the golden nectar flowed. I kissed

several times and started taking each of her lips in mine while moving

my lips over her's ever so gently. I licked all of her pussy with one big 

wet lick. She giggled a little, put her fingers on my ears and dug in 

a little with her nails.



"Know how I hold my liquor, Leroy?"



"How Goddess?" I knew the old joke.



"By his ears!" She laughed as she pulled harder on my ears. I winched

in pain as her nails cut me. She ignored that and began to ride my face 

while pulling harder on my ears. Her cum began to flow and she dug her

feet in me too. She started moaning and face fucking me. I matched each 

hump with a tongue thrust. I pushed my tongue as far inside her as I 

could wishing it were longer. Each time I brought it back I collected 

more of her gooey cum. She became louder. As her volume increased so did 

her humping my face and pulling on my ears. I was always so gentle with 

her pussy but she was not being very gentle with it. She was fucking the 

hell out of my face. She ended with a scream. She removed her nails from my

ears and neck and beat my back with her fist. She hit me multiple times 

as hard and as fast as she could she could with the leverage she had. I 

was thankful her strokes were hampered by our position.



"That was soooo good for me. I know it is always great for you. You live 

to eat my pussy. Suck and lick me clean. I love sex with you. Never a mess!

I just relax afterwards and you do all the cleaning with your lil ol mouth, 

and your big ol tongue!" (g)



"You have a tremendously talented tongue. I bet you have eaten a hundred 

pussies!"



"Wrong." I said between cleaning licks. Yours is the only one I ever ate."



"I don't believe you, Leroy. I think I will add another biting session for 

lying to me. In fact, I am chewing on your lying ass right now! Well, not

literally but I am going to chew on your skin for awhile. Shit, I may even 

bite into a muscle or two. What you do if I make a couple large holes in 

you with my teeth?" (g)



"I scream very loudly and like the fool I am.&nbsp; I lay still while you bite me 

again and again until you have devoured me with your beautiful teeth."



She looked at me with her soulful look. Then a smile lit up her eyes.



"I could never devour you silly. I would miss your tongue service to 

much! And besides I would have to return to doing my own laundry and 

picking up after me! I have already become used to just leaving my 

clothes, books, even my ear rings and stuff anywhere in the house, 

sometimes my car even. I know you will put everything in its place 

and it will be there when I want it again. Having a slave, especially 

a truly devoted one is awesome!" 



"Put the plastic on the bed. I think we will need it." She gave me a big 

teeth revealing smile.



"Lay on your stomach, Leroy. I am going to straddle your ass and chew on your 

shoulder."



I put the large sheet of plastic on the bed, laid down, and waited for her.



She jumped over me and came down on my ass with a bounce and a giggle. She

loved sessions where she was in complete control.



I could feel her heat on my ass. She moved a few time to make sure I knew 

she had her naked pussy and ass on me. She bent forward, sliding her ass 

back over mine. I felt her wet pussy as it touched me. I felt her breath

just a second before the heat of her mouth and the pain from her teeth.

She rose up all she could with a part of me in her mouth. She began to 

rock like that. Working her pussy on my body and pulling on my flesh with 

her teeth. I knew if she kept doing that and reached a climax I would 

lose a lot of me. She had a large bite. She began to moan as she rocked 

back and forth. I do not know how she kept from losing me from her mouth 

but her teeth hung on. I did not think her teeth were through my skin but 

I was not sure. The pain was great. I began making moaning noises too. Mine 

was from the pain. That merely served to excite her more. She increased 

pressure with her teeth and rocked harder and faster. Each time she went 

back I raised up backwards all I could. All at once she quit. Quick as 

a flash her pussy was on my mouth.



"Finish me off, Leroy! Use your tongue! Lick me! Tongue fuck me! Take me, 

Leroy!" She screamed again as she had an orgasm in my mouth. Jessica

lived for sex and enjoyed it tremendously.



I licked and swallowed being very thankful we finished like this instead of 

her teeth in me. 



I looked up at her. Her face was soft. So beautiful. I knew if she told me 

she was going to eat me alive, I would not resist but endure the pain of 

each bite until all my blood was gone. I would die at the hands of the world's

most beautiful Goddess. I also was pretty certain she would never do such a 

thing. I remembered I was also pretty sure she would never really use me as 

a full and complete toilet. Not only did she, but with great pleasure.



"Oh I have missed you Leroy. I have missed that talented tongue, your 

mouth,and even your bod to chew on. I have missed hearing your little moans 

and cries of pain as I hurt you. I know I am wicked but I am me. I will

never change, you know that. I love you Leroy but I am hazardous to your 

health. Also I need to take a dump. I want you to eat it Leroy. All of it.

You can do it now, can't you? I feel so much like a princess or a goddess 

when you are serving in the most degrading ways possible. I feel the power

of my sexuality over your very soul. Leroy, when I am shitting in your 

mouth I know you are mine forever and I am a true Goddess to you"



She was already positioning her ass over my open mouth. She knew I would

serve her in any way she wished. I was her property and would be as long 

as she wanted to use me. I made a seat for her ass with my hands as I had 

done before. She sit down and relaxed on my hands like she would on a 

regular toilet seat. She covered her waist with a sheet and began to shit.



"If anything gets on the bedding you can lick it off then wash the sheets. 

You have to wash them today anyway. Try not to though because you know 

how I hate the scent of my shit. I am glad you love it so much though.

I know how much the scent increases your dining pleasure and makes you 

so horny. I like watching your dick grow as you eat my shit. Being my

toilet turns you on! (g) That is so funny. No wonder I laugh my ass 

off at you sometimes."



She was totally correct and I knew it. I could feel my dick get hard

every time she used me as her toilet just as it did every time I ate 

her out. It even got hard when she inflicted pain on me. Jess used me, 

I got hard. Plain and simple. She kept me in a constant state of arousal 

when she was using me for something. Anytime we were together she was 

using me or telling me how she was going to use me. Never did I imagine

Jess was like that. She was so beautiful and I always thought any lady

that was pretty had to be good. Jessica was good in her own way. She

was very sweet in fact. However, she was turned on by using someone. In

this case, me. I have thought back many times and have never decided 

if she was sadistic or not. Some things she did to me made her appear

that way but then she was so sweet. 



I had conditioned myself where I could crush her shit against the roof 

of my mouth with my tongue while the turd was entering my mouth. This 

facilitated swallowing it. I was aware of the stink but somehow put it 

past me. The scent and taste was awful but since it came from Jessica,

who was so beautiful, it was alright for me to eat it. That was my 

thoughts. No matter how screwed up they were, they were my thoughts.



She was taking a dump on my face like she would shit in the toilet.

She knew the plastic was under us and a heavy sheet was over my face 

to protect her delicate little nose from the unpleasant scent. No 

way could I swallow as quickly as she released turd after turd. The 

girl must not have taken a dump for the days I was gone. I ate as 

fast as I could and with much noise. This amused her to no end. It

still piled up on my face. When she finished she just sat there 

waiting for me to consume her mess and then lick her ass.



"Welcome back to my fantasy world, Leroy. The world where I use 

and you get used. Taking a shit in your mouth again was so rewarding. 

I truly loved it. It is great to own someone!"



"Take this wet one and clean me really good. Clean your hand with it 

after you use it to shovel my shit into your youth. Then massage 

my shit into your face. Someday your face will have the permanent

scent of my pussy, piss, and shit. Use the same wet one to wipe 

your face, very lightly, and your hand. Be sure and do a good 

massage job on your face. I want my shit in your face and around 

your mouth while you clean my apartment."



"Leroy take some of my shit and push it into your nose. Yeah, like 

that. Pause for a pic now! I will have a great scrap book. I will

never forget you, Leroy."



"I am going to watch some tv or read a mag. You get busy with the 

laundry."



I began gathering clothes to wash. I could still smell her shit. 

But I was getting used to it. I wondered what it would do to the 

pores of my skin, rubbed in like lotion. I was carrying an armload 

of laundry downstairs when I met Leah. 



"Leroy you stink. You smell like shit. OMG no wonder! Jess has shit 

on your face! I knew you all did strange things. I thought you may

be into some totally weird games. But eating her shit, OMG. You 

are being my toilet too. Get your ass in my room."



I entered her room with her right behind me. I still had Jessica's 

laundry in my arms. 



"Gather up my soiled clothes too. Take a load to wash and get your 

ass in here. I am going to tear you a new ass hole. I will love doing 

it too! Jess left to go downtown. You are going to be one used slave 

when she returns."



I did her biding and as soon as I got in her room she gave orders to me.



"On the floor slave. I was nice and waited for you to get well before 

I used you. Well looks like you are ok to use now. Jess has told me

some things. She also told me to use you in ANY way I pleased. I know 

now what she meant! For starters I am taking a piss in your mouth. 

Then guess what you get to eat. I have never pissed in a guys mouth 

before. No one eats shit! You are a freak!"&nbsp; (g)



While she was talking she was stripping. She did not cut her bush

by much. There was black hair all around her snatch. It looked like 

a giant black cave. I placed my mouth on her pussy. It was to large 

to cover. I could not believe how much larger her pussy was than 

Jessica's. First off I got some hair in my mouth. I started 

moving it around to where I could get it out.



"Slave, what are you doing? I am ready to piss. Stop playing

with my pubes. My piss will wash them down!"



With that she began her flow. The stream was larger than Jess's,

and I thought the taste was stronger. Maybe because I wanted to 

do that for Jess and this was more torture than pleasure.



She peed slowly though and I swallowed. When she finished I licked 

her without being told.



"OK for my dump now? 



What is that mark on your arm?&nbsp; That is why you wore long 

sleeved shirts all the time inside. It is old and still 

bruised so much. That little girl plays rough!"



"Give me your other arm. I will chew on it while I take a shit."



"I used both hands to make a seat for Jessica." I volunteered.



"That's ok. I will squat over your face. I may want to spread 

it around anyway. Besides I am going to have fun with this arm."



"Take your clothes off first, all of them. I want to see all of 

the man I am going to use and abuse."



I removed my clothes. She did not bother to look at me. She just

placed her large mouth over my arm and clamped down. I screamed,

she laughed and bit again and again in rhythm to my screams.



She farted in my face during my screams. I almost fainted. If not

for the pain in my arm I probably would have. Stop that ridiculous

screaming! I have to take a big dump and I am doing so, if you get 

choked, so be it.



A turd pushed on my lips. I opened my mouth. I was feeling sick already.

This made Jessica's shit taste like dessert. She laughed and bit 

me again. Harder than before. A scream was muffled by a turd 

entering my mouth.



"I love this, god I love this! No wonder Jessica is always so radiant.

The power trip is tremendous. I am chewing on you keeping you in 

so much pain while taking a shit in your mouth and you are helpless 

to do anything but eat my shit and accept the pain from my teeth.

No matter how it sounds, you love this treatment."



"Man you have a hard on! It gets me off too. We are doing this a lot, 

toilet slave! Maybe Jessica and I will torture your ass at the same 

time. I can just see one of us biting one arm and your other being 

munched on by the other of us. God you are in for a lot of pain. Oh 

yeah, Jess told me a little. But certainly not all! I think your 

dick is going to burst. I have the thing for that."



She removed her bra and folded it in her hand so only the straps 

were sticking out of her hand. She hit my engorged penis with it 

and laughed at the way it bounced. She hit me over and over never 

letting go of my arm. Her teeth increased pressure and decreased 

pressure. In short she chewed on my arm. I looked up but could 

only see her ass and another turd coming out. I knew my arm was 

badly bleeding. It hurt so much it had to be. She hit my penis 

again.



"Every time that thing gets hard, I am hitting it with my bra and 

biting you more. Got it!" 



She removed my arm from her mouth just long enough for me to get 

the full benefit of her words and laughter.



Another turd was pushing it way into my mouth and I could feel 

my dick grow.



"That is so hilarious! Here take that you little monster!" She

said as she hit it with her bra. I am getting me a little whip 

just to use on this monster. I will tame it or beat it off!"



With that she went back to chewing on my arm. Not exactly in 

the same place.



"If Jess would not get mad, I would bite holes in you. I would 

love the feel of my teeth sinking all the way in your flesh

and seeing your arm with big chunks taken out of it. God, I

would love that." 



Leah must be high on drugs, I thought. I was getting really 

scared. I knew I could not escape by force. She was squatted 

above me and Jessica had told me she was really strong and 

had a black belt. Jess said she could stand flat footed and 

put her foot in a man's face before he could blink an eye. 

I believed Jess.



Another turd entered my mouth. My dick did not get hard that 

time. I was too scared.



"Leroy, it is not getting hard anymore. Are you not enjoying

my use of you as much? What is wrong? Tummy getting full of 

Princess Leah's shit. I don't have much more for you but 

there will be lots more tomorrow, I promise!"&nbsp; (g)



"I am going to chew on your arm anyway because I like it."



With that she bit down again. I could not scream, my mouth 

was full of shit.



"Darn, I got your blood in my mouth Leroy. Knowing your diet 

that is not good. Don't move. I am going to clean my mouth!"



"Lick me. Hurry!"



I gave her ass a couple quick licks and she raised up and 

started brushing her teeth.



I looked at my arm. It was a lot worse that what Jessica 

done and I had never seen anything like that before.



"Here, give me my arm back, I am not through with it. You

never look at an artist work before they are finished. You

can see it when I am done, not until then. Don't try to see 

my handiwork again!"



"It is looking really good! Jess will be proud of it too.

Both of us wanted a good brand on you. Jess said we would

renew them as needed!" (g)



"Leroy, you invited a couple tigers to live with you and 

LET you serve them. I have not had much fun with you until 

today. I will now though. Don't you love the way we play 

with you, Leroy. I can't wait to have a threesome with you 

and Jess! Maybe then I will make those holes I mentioned."



"When you first seen my beautiful large mouth did you have 

wet dreams of the pain it could cause? I know you have

wanted all of this for years. I saw those emails. Jess

told me she was sure they were from you. We discussed your

future. So, Leroy, you are not just dreaming your fantasy. 

Man, you are living it!"



With that she opened her mouth wide and quickly moved 

towards my throat. I jerked back and she went into 

convulsions with laughter.



"You are so funny, Leroy."



"Hand me my arm. I am going to bite you some more. Harder 

too! 



I lifted my arm towards her and she laughed again.



"You are so into us. I love it! Owning you will be fun.

I knew you were weird but not this weird! No one is this

freaking weird!" 



I was just teasing about biting your arm again. But....

since you enjoy the pain so much I will give you some more

pain but your arm will not take anymore of my teeth right now.

You will enjoy the pain from my teeth for quite awhile I think!

That will make some bruise!"



With those words said turned and kicked me in the chest. It was

a blur. I never saw anyone's leg move so fast. I staggered back. 

I knew she could have hit me a lot harder.



"Try to block my moves Leroy. Try really hard or get beat up by 

a girl!"



She kicked me in the side and me trying to stop her. Her fist moved

to my head. I blocked it. Mistake! Her fist hit the arm she had been 

chewing on. Hit where she had brought blood. I almost past out with 

the pain. I recovered and dashed for the door. Her foot went between 

my legs and I tripped. Instantly she was beside me with her foot 

pressing hard on my throat. Her brown eyes sparkled, her skin glisten 

with perspiration. A triumphant smirk danced on her lips.



"I could crush your larynx and you would never talk again. I could 

kill you just as easily! Do not run from me again!"



"I want to practice some more. You can defend but not go on the 

offensive. Get up! I need to practice. It is great to have a practice 

dummy. Dummy!" 



I got up. She was sporting and gave me ample time to recover. She 

circled around me. God she was beautiful. She reminded me of a cat 

playing with a mouse. She had that look too. The look that said, 

I can take you anytime I please. I decided the best defense was a 

good offense. I made a move. Her fist hit my eye as she side stepped 

away laughing.



"Bring it on, Dummy. Come and get this little girl! Show me what you

got, big boy!"



With that I saw her leg move with blinding speed. I felt the pain in 

my balls as I doubled over. I felt the pain in my back where her other 

leg hit me on my way to the floor which I made a solid hit on.



I know I passed out. I do not know for how long.













&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Seven





"Having fun with my Leroy?" Jessica asks cheerfully. 



"Wow! That is some arm! I could not bite him so much. I have feelings for him. I see you do not. That will make a beautiful brand."



"Leroy, come with me. I am jealous of that brand. You want me to have the best one, don't you? I know you do. You think I am the best at everything, deserve the best of everything and the world's most beautiful Goddess! Well Leroy?"



"Yes, of course." I answered in a weak and pain wrecked voice.



"I am going to work on my brand. It will be the best when I am through if it takes all night. I do not want to hear any loud screams no matter how much my teeth hurt. Little moans of pain are alright though!" (g)



"Get me undressed. You know where to put your mouth. You will eat me and I will eat you. Both of us will moan in pleasure. I know how much you like to feel a girl's teeth when you are eating her pussy. I have watched your thing get hard when I am giving you pussy and pain. You will get lots of both tonight. Well, arent you excited, Leroy?"



"Yes Goddess, I love giving intimate oral pleasures. I don't think I enjoy the pain as much as you and Leah seem to believe. I wish the two of you would not hurt me so much. I really hurt."



"Poor little toilet slave. I am sorry Leah hurt you so much. You will enjoy my teeth a lot more because you love me. Just concentrate on my sweet little pussy and how beautiful I am. Think about my beautiful white teeth with each pain that goes through your arm. Time will pass and I will quit biting. Hell, I'll get tired. (g) Every time I awaken I will bite you a few times. I want your arm close so I can chew on it. I will have the best brand even if you lose an arm. If that happens, I will start on your shoulder and back." (g)



I felt her breath just a second before the pain from her teeth began. I tried my best to concentrate on eating her out the way she liked it. She was hurting me so much. I cried out a few times. Sometimes Jessica would take my arm out of her mouth and laugh. Sometimes she would giggle while her teeth were still clamped on my arm. This went on all night. When she would awaken she would start biting me. When I was awakening by the pain I would lick her. Twice she told me she needed to pee and did so. I swallowed all of it to her amusement. She would tell me things like she loved me, how tasty I was. How she just loved biting me. How good my tongue felt inside her. The Leah Brand ached. The Jessica Brand hurt constantly. Sometimes with old pain and sometimes with present pain her chewing caused. Each time she neared orgasm her biting became more intense. Sometimes she would scratch me with her long beautiful nails; sometimes she would dig them in where ever they happened to be. 



Her nails were acrylic. I had paid for the best available. When she got them she said she wanted them to be really strong because she did not want them to break under heavy use while she was having fun.



I woke with the light from the window in my face. I turned to put my nose in her ass. This had gotten to be automatic. I had my weight on my arm for a second. Man it hurt. I did not realize how much. I said, "Ohhh"



Jessica stirred. Give me my arm, Leroy. I want to chew on you. I have to pee. Be a nice toilet and drink it for me. Will you, Toilet.



My answer was the correct one. "Yes Goddess."



A slight musical giggle escaped her lips before they were filled with my arm. She bit down hard and fast. I yelled. She giggled. 



She took my arm out of her mouth. "Leroy I can not describe how good all of this makes me feel. I am torturing you and pissing in your mouth and you worship me! Freaking unbelievable!"



I had just finished swallowing her piss and was licking her to the tempo of her biting me when our little scene was interrupted by Leah.



"May I join you two love birds? (g) I have to pee and I hate toilet seats. I did not realize that until we moved in with Leroy."



"There is room for you in my bed, Leah. Leroy needs more to drink. I think I out did you last night? Here look at his arm!"



"Jess, that is really pretty. Yes. You have bit him over a larger area and made deeper bruises, I think too."



"Why don't you chew on him while you use the toilet?"



(g) "An excellent idea Jess."



I saw them kiss as she guided my head to her unshaven pussy. Something about that kiss made me sicker at my stomach than did their piss. They whispered and giggled as Leah pissed in my mouth. When she was finished she took my arm in her mouth as did Jessica. Each of them started to bite. They would bite down hard. Show each other the imprints of their teeth and bite some more. They would have me switch from one pussy to the other. By the time I would get one of them off the other would want me to suck them clean.



"Leroy, I know you would like for me to chew on you all day but my jaws are tired. Besides I really have to use the toilet. Give me a ride to the bathroom." Jessica said in her musical voice.



I got off the bed. My arms hurt so much. I looked at them. Solid black and blue from the elbow to the wrist on both arms. Each was wet with the girl's saliva. I was astonished that there was no blood outside the skin. There was a lot just under the skin though. 



With great pain I moved to the bathroom with Jessica bouncing around on my back.



"Leroy, look at my ass. Tell me what you think of it. Tell me the truth, now Leroy."



"Yours is the worlds most beautiful, I can not get enough of it. I awaken every morning, place my nose to your rosebud like this", I stuck my nose against her ass hole, "And inhale. You know I worship your ass."



"Lick my ass, Leroy. Lick it with passion. Show me how much you worship me."



I kissed her ass and begin to lick and suck on her rosebud. She moaned softly.



"Put your tongue inside my ass and move it around and around. Yeah, like that. Ohhh that feels so good."



I heard a giggled and something pushed my tongue out and entered my mouth. I knew what it was. I did not see it but I sure smelled it.



"Eat my shit, Leroy. Show me how much you worship me and what a Goddess you think I am. Swallow all of it Leroy. Beg me for more."



I never got the chance to beg. It was all I could do to crush and swallow her shit before another turd entered my mouth. I had made a seat for her ass with my hands and would push her up when a new turd appeared so I would have additional time to prepare it for swallowing. 



"You are so sweet, Leroy. When you do that I know you truly worship me. I deserve to be worshipped because I am beautiful, intelligent, athletic, and soooo sweet. Don't you think so, Leroy?" 



"Don't you love the taste and smell of my piss and shit? Leroy, this is the last turd I think. I want you to chew on it slowly until it liquefies. Just swallow the liquid. You will get the full benefit of the taste and scent. I know how much you love it. God, Leroy! Have you no shame? You are as hard as a rock. Leah! 



"No please, no. Please don't let her see this. I want to eat no one's shit but yours. Please Jessica, if I mean anything to you. Don't let her use me for her full toilet and torture me anymore. I thought she was going to kill me. Have you not seen the bruises and my black eye?"



"Leroy, you know I love you to pieces, but I told you, Leah and I share everything! Leah, come in here! You are going to love this."



By the time Leah opened the door, I was flaccid, very flaccid.



"OOOOh, it stinks in here. Spray!" She picked up a Lysol can and aimed it for my face. I closed my eyes just before the spray hit me.



"Leroy, you let it get all soft. You should have seen it, Leah. He was chewing slowly on the last turd. He was obviously enjoying it. He was hard as a rock. He really was!" 



"I know just the thing to make him all hard again." Leah cooed.



"Go ahead, he was just telling me how he wished you would come in and take a big morning dump in his mouth. He said he wanted you to dump in his mouth everyday!" (G)



"You two have fun; I am going down and eat some cereal. Enjoy your meal Leroy!" She walked out laughing as Leah put a funnel in my mouth. 



"I am not letting you touch my body with a mouth as filthy as yours and I can not wait for you to clean it. I gotta go."



She cut loose with a hot stream as I swallowed. The taste of Jessica's shit was quickly gone replaced with the odor and taste of Leah's urine.



Before the pee ceased to flow, the first turd hit. 



The funnel was a large one but the turd still hung in the funnel a while before the pee cut around it and it entered my mouth. With disgust I started swallowing that awful stuff. Leah was laughing. I felt her toe nails as she scratched my chest. You know, I never wondered about the funnel. They had to have been planning this all along.



After awhile she raised up, all of her weight was on my chest. She moved her feet around but keeping them on my body. I was so sore from the beating she gave me yesterday. She wiped herself and pitched the paper in the funnel on top of the pile of shit. My penis was about to burst. She kicked it with one foot and 

laughed. 



"I see you got hard again. I would never have believed any guy would want to be a woman's toilet! Leroy, you are the world's biggest freak. But know what? I love you for it! (g)"

 

"You will certainly enjoy having us as house guest."



"After you finished eating all that, paper too. Be sure you swallow all of it! You can finish our laundry. Clean your filthy mouth really good before munching on my sweet panties. So, long toilet. I am joining Jessica for cereal. You can tell me how the cereal tastes tomorrow!"



She left laughing abnormally loud.



I held the funnel with one hand and jacked off with the other. Yeah, I jacked off while eating Leah's shit. When I came I was repulsed at what I was doing. The taste was horrible. The scent was nauseating. I looked up. Both girls were standing in the bedroom looking at me with a huge smile on their face.



"Have you no shame, Leroy. God, you are such a toilet! How can you ever expect us to ever treat you like anything but a toilet again? We have been taking pictures. If you have any second thoughts about serving us any way we like, well, you know.... you won't though, will you Leroy? You know you are doing what 

you have always secretly wanted. Well, it's no secret anymore! (g) You are going to be soooo used!"



I put one hand on the little part of the funnel and used the other hand to begin scooping out the filth and putting it in my mouth while the girls played with each other, took pictures and giggled. They made a lot of remarks which were not nice and were very uncaring. I had lost the sweet Jessica I love so much and gained two girls who enjoyed what they were doing to me to much.



After I finished with the funnel and it was empty I washed it. Then they gave me permission to clean my mouth. 



"Don't forget my sweet panties! They are waiting for you, Toilet. Enjoy them! You will get something even tastier very soon! If your dick gets to soft, come back here and stick your nose in my ass!" 



Leah and Jessica both laughed. Leah patted her pushed out ass as I went to her room to get her laundry.



I sorted her clothes and put a pair of soiled panties in my mouth. I turned and there the girls were again still smiling. 



"You need more moisture Leroy," Leah said. "On your knees with open mouth. No, leave the crotch in your mouth. Just open your mouth."



I did as I was told and Leah made a large amount of spit and spit in my mouth.



"He still doesnt have enough moisture, Jess, can you help the poor dear. I do so want clean mouth washed panties!"



My beloved Jessica laughed at my plight and spit a big gob in my mouth.



"That may be too sweet for him, Leah." 



"Yeah, sweeter than he deserves after I saw him so turned on by eating my shit!"



"You were turned on too!" Jessica giggled.



"Well, I would not have been if my mouth had in it what his had!"



"I will never have any sorry feelings about what we are doing to him, that's for sure. I plan to use him until he is used up, and then toss him aside. He said he wanted me to do that. I had second feelings. No more. He wants to be our toilet and slave, so be it. I made up my mind when I saw him get turned on by eating another girl's shit. I knew then that he was just a toilet slave and deserved what he got. I have no more feelings for the freak. Use him as you please! If he does not do all we want, we will have our friends come over and have a potty party week-end!"



I could not believe Jessica said that. I did think she meant it. My life was sealed that day I thought. Why could I not control my dick when Leah was using and abusing me? This was a new low for me. I never had this in any of my fantasies. Certainly not being beat up and hurt so much. Jessica's erotic biting was one thing; Leah's outright abuse was another thing. My mind was made up. I was checking out. I would pay the lease until college was out for the semester. That was the end of the lease anyway. I would simply leave the girls. I knew I would miss Jessica terribly. I dreamed so much of being her slave, and yeah, her toilet.

I can not take what they are doing to me and every indication is the treatment will worsen. Jessica's look and words cut me more than a knife ever could. That was by beloved Goddess saying those cutting words. Maybe more than the words was the look on her face. I don't think she cared. If only I could have kept my 

dick from getting hard when I was with Leah. 

&nbsp; 





























&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Eight



The more I thought about it as I cleaned, did laundry and mouth wash the girl's panties, and the more I realized how much I had hurt Jessica. She had every right to be angry with me and I deserved what I was about to receive. 



There was a tremendous difference in her treatment of me at the beginning of our relationship and now and after only a few days later too. It was all because I could not control my dick. If only I could turn back time a few hours. If I could I would still have Jessica's love and devotion. I would see that look of love and happiness as I did things for her and she used me. That is what this relationship was supposed to be about. There was never to be, a Leah. I don't know what she expected of me. On one hand she shared me with her girl friend. On the other hand she became intensely angry with me because I responded to her friend's use of me. What the hell could she expect?



I found myself really chomping Leah's panties. This pair would need little hand washing. I removed them from my mouth and picked up a pair of Jessica's. My dick started to rise from her scent even before I put them in my mouth. I closed my eyes and inhaled her scent. The delicious feminine aroma from Jessica permeated my nasal passages. I loved it, I knew it. I worshipped her no matter what she did. I kissed her panties long and lovingly. I took them from my lips; put the crotch to my nose and inhaled her scent again with a long deep breath. I kissed

them again and put the tip of my tongue to the crotch. I licked and her hardened cum became moist and slick. It tastes so good to me. I kissed them again and could feel her cum on my lips. I stood still in true worship of her panties. I heard a giggle. I recognized that giggle. I knew it came from the lips of my 

beautiful Goddess, Jessica.



I opened my eyes. Jess was so beautiful, standing only three feet away. Her pert little titties stuck straight out. I could see the outline of nipples through her frilly top. My eyes went down her bod to her belly button. She had the cutest one I have ever seen. She was showing about three to four inches of skin 

between her top and her shorts. God, what a picture she made in her blue top and white shorts.



I wanted to kiss her belly button but was afraid to move or speak. Her abdomen had almost no bulge. She was not to skinny either. Just in incredible shape. Her legs were tanned, muscular, and beautiful. She was barefooted. I admire her slim ankles, her little feet, and slim long straight beautiful toes with light red polish that needed to be removed and repainted. I hoped she would allow me the pleasure of doing that for her.



The above seemed long but required only a few seconds. Well, maybe a minute.



"Maybe you have feeling for me. Or is that merely your perverted nature kicking in: rendering you unable to resist a girl's panties, any panties. Yeah, that's probably what it is. I see you just finished a pair of Leah's. You cleaned them with the same look of reverence you had while admiring mine didn't you?"



"No Goddess. I washed them because I had to. I was worshiping yours because I wanted to. You know my feelings for you. That is what got me here in the first place. I have never wanted Leah, only you. I begged you not to allow her to do anything to me. I am serving as her slave only because I love you so much I will do anything you wish."



"I can not control my dick. I don't know why it gets hard while I am being so treated. I did not know it did. I never did this for anyone before you. Leah was the second one. I had no experiences to draw from, only my dreams and fantasies which were all involving you and only you. You're the only woman I will worship.

You are the only one I will be a willing slave for."



She was softening to my words. She looked almost like her old self. I thought I could see a little love in those incredible blue eyes. They were looking at me now, not through me. I dropped to my knees. Every muscle hurt when I moved. Leah had really beaten my ass. I put my pain behind me and spoke again.



"Jessica, if I could but turn back the clock to yesterday, I would give ten years of my life to live twenty-four hours over again. I hurt you and never meant to. God I would not hurt you for the world and all that is in it. Your happiness is all I want. Your pleasure means everything to me. Please Goddess, please can you forget that brief period with Leah. If my dick gets hard again 

while she is using me, have me castrated, kill me, do anything to me, but please, Jess, forgive me."



Her love look had returned to a pre Leah time, almost. I felt I had put on quite a performance. It was mostly true, except for the castrating and killing parts. She could not believe that part anyway. No one could.



"I will try to forgive you and your thing. There will be times I will remember. As you could not control your thing I will not be able to control the things I will do to you when I remember and get mad at you all over again. Yeah, you will 

pay many many times for your thing's infidelity."



"That is probably as it should be. Leroy, you should pay. By looking at you, I think you have paid a little. Your arms look awful. I have never seen anything like that. You have bruises on your back, side, chest, and that eye is a shiner.

She beat the living shit plumb out of you! She had planned to do it once a week or more."



"I am going to the gym as soon as I change. I will leave my clothes in the bedroom. I think I will change panties too!" (g)



I smiled. "Thank you Goddess!" I was so pleased. She was being her considerate self again. I watched the wiggle of those cheeks walk away and got a hard on thinking about my face nuzzled in that ass.



"Bye slave!" She called out with a giggle as she left the apartment. 



I said bye to her and rushed upstairs to her bedroom to get her panties. God I needed to eat them! I place them to my face and inhaled. I was inhaling panty aroma like smoking marijuana. I was happy again. I had Jess back. I loved her scent. I kissed and licked them. The sweet little thing had been turned on by 

something I did or said. There was cum in her panties. It tasted so good. I was in heaven again.



I got all the work done. The house was spotless; the laundry was done for both girls. I did not wash the last pair panties Jessica wore. I laid down to rest and had them on my face when Jessica returned. My dick was still hard I had my hand on it applying a little pressure when she walked up to me.



"You dirty old man! Get your hand off your dick. It is alright to enjoy my pants but do not play with yourself. That is gross!"



She gave me a nudge with her foot. She hit square on a bruise and I winched in pain.



"Oh, I am sorry, slave. I did not mean to hurt you. God Leah beat you up. I did not know she was capable or would do that! She won't do that to you again. If you are giving me your life to use up, I have got to see it is better cared for. I am telling her when she returns that she can not hurt you again and can not use you as her toilet. I will expect you to be very sweet to her and be her slave. It would be no fun for her if she could not use you. How did you put that, Intimate oral attention?



I was amazed with Jessica and very proud of her at the time. What I did not know, nor did I know for a long time that Jessica knew, Leah was returning to her home.



Jess was wearing her old tennies and gym clothes when she worked out. She was sweaty. She plopped down on my chest and stuck my face in her crotch. She giggled.



"You like ripe crotch odor so much, well enjoy this!"



She laughed as she rubbed her crotch in my face. She did that awhile with me telling her how delish her crotch smelled to me.



"Well slave, see if you like this." 



She got off of me giggling and sat down on my face. When she did she farted. Her giggles turned to laughter as she pressed her ass down on my face.



"Well enjoy that slave!" Slave had about three syllables.



She had cut off my breathing. She knew that because after about a minute she raised up just a little. I gasped for breath and got my lungs filled with the pungent odor of her flatulence.



That is not all you get to enjoy. Seeing how much you like my stinky b o, enjoy this. She put both of her stinky feet on my face. She placed one tennie on each side of my nose. She laughed at me when my nose wrinkled.



"Remove the shoes from my pretty little feet, slave. My feet are hot and need a cool tongue all over them."



She giggled and gave licking and sucking instructions to a very willing tongue and mouth. Did her feet stink? YES, they stunk to high heaven. I enjoyed every stinky breath I got from them. I licked all the sweat and stink away. I sucked

on each toe individually and all of them on one foot at a time. I took all of her foot that I could in my mouth. She got tired of the foot worship game before I.



"I have lots of sweat for you to lick, Leroy. Lick my arm pit."



She lifted her arm. There was almost no odor but a lot of salt residue. I licked lovingly as I always licked my Goddess. I was leading a privileged life and I knew it.



While I was licking one arm pit she was removing her shorts. I smiled. I knew where my mouth was going to be very quickly. I wanted to lick her cute little belly button on my way down so I went straight to it. She giggled.



"You are insatiable Leroy Brown. You can not get enough of my bod."



As my mouth went on her pussy she started singing, "Bad, Bad, Leroy Brown tamed by the sweetest pussy in town". She could hardly sing for giggling.



"Leroy, Leroy, get your tongue out of my ass and, listen to me for a minute, god, all you want is to lick my pussy or my ass! If a tongue can wear out a pussy or an ass, mine will be worn out before I am thirty! I may put you on ration!"



She was giggling when I rose up to look at her. Her blue eyes were dancing. What a lady, I thought.



I have class tonight. I will be gone when Leah comes in. She is unhappy. No, it has nothing to do with us or you. She will tell you if she wants you to know. Be nice!



"Now, give me a bath and no playing. I do not have time for you to worship every little thing about me. All girls come with the same equipment I have."



"Yeah, but none of their c-u-m taste as good as your equipment!"



She giggled. Set her teeth, took both hands and shoved my head in her bath water to her crotch.



"Wash that with your tongue. I may hold you down until you bubble, smart mouth. Does that c-u-m taste good?"&nbsp; (g)



She let me up after a few licks. The bath water washed away her taste from my mouth. I would get it back when I mouth washed her panties.



I bathed Jess. Boy did I love that. My dick was so hard. It may burst sometime I thought. I tried to touch it a couple times. Once she bit my ear, once she slapped my face. 



"Leroy, I don't want you to touch yourself unless I give you permission. Denial makes you serve me better. Hey, serving ME is what this lil arrangement is all about, right?"



"Yes Goddess", I answered.



When she looked at me and spoke to me in that sexy voice if she had said. "May I cut your head off?" The answer would have been the same. I was reminded again that I was unable to refuse Jessica anything, no matter what the consequence was to me.



I had seen on the internet about dominate women who used torture and pain to keep their slaves in line. All Jessica had used was her gorgeous looks and sexy voice. I belonged to her and relished in the knowledge of it.



Jess went to her class and five minutes later Leah walked in.



I met her and could tell she was distraught. She looked so sad.



She was from Ankara, Turkey. She was returning immediately. Like tomorrow. She was pregnant. Her parents were not pleased. I felt sorry for her. She talked to me that night, just the two of us. Jessica had a night class. 



"Leroy, I am sorry I did those horrible things to you and beat you up. That was really mean of me and I am not a mean person. I do not want you to remember me that way because I think you are very caring. It was totally unselfish of you to get us a place and be our slave. That was sweet. I could have paid the rent on the other apartment. Jessica just wanted for me to see how much power she held over you. Boy she held more than I would have ever believed possible for a woman to have over a man."



She looked at me very sweetly. Her large brown eyes had traces of a tear on occasion. I was moved, really moved.



She continued to speak. "You know I am pregnant."



I nodded. She had previously told me that.



"It will not go well for me back home. I am a disgrace to my family and I will pay, big time." 



More tears appeared. I reached and wiped one away with a Kleenex.



She took my hand in both of hers.



"I am sorry, Leroy. I liked you when I first saw you. I thought, 'what a man', I let myself forget my first impression of you. I will always regret that."



I held her in my arms while she cried. I knew her tears were for her and not over sadness about her using me so harshly. Still I felt sorry for Leah and consoled her.



After she ceased to cry she looked at me and smiled. I thought what a beautiful girl. She pushed a little with her hands on my shoulder and I needed no other encouragement. I got on my knees to this beautiful Turk Goddess and placed my mouth exactly where she wanted it to go. First thing I did was inhale and lick her pubes. I meant to show her I was not turned off by her hairy pussy. I got a bunch of cunt hairs in my mouth but ignored them while eating her out with all the cunnilingus skills I could muster. She responded to the intimate oral attention by giving me a good face fucking.



I licked and sucked her clean after she was through fucking my face. Yeah, I enjoyed it, I enjoyed it a lot and the hardness of my penis confirmed that.



She looked at me and smiled. The first smile I had seen from her since she returned today. The warmest in a while.



"I think that was as good for you as for me."



She laughed. Not at me but for me. There is a huge difference.



I still had a mouthful of pubes.



"I would wash those down for you but Jess said no."



Her look was easy to understand. It meant. Can I.



"I would adore drinking your pee one last time. Go ahead."



She smiled a truly sweet smile and while looking into my eyes she pissed. I swallowed every drop and licked her pussy. Yeah, she washes down all that was in my mouth but I got another one. Leah laughed. It was good to see her happy.

I ignored the hair and went to her ass for more pleasure for the two of us. I kissed her ass, licked her crack and rimmed her rosebud. I truly worshipped her. She was giggly. She cooed words of encouragement to me. When I had slowed to a casual lick and kiss now and then she spoke.



"Leroy, come with me to Turkey. I could use your support. I need a slave to worship me. If you go back with me as my complete slave my parents would be a lot easier on me. I promise to give you lots of what you just enjoyed. You did enjoy that a lot did you not?"



She had turned over and was looking into my soul. All I could see were two pleading large brown eyes. If she could see my soul, and maybe she could, she knew a part of me wanted to go. 



The larger part of me wanted to stay. I could never leave Jessica. Leah was a diversion, Jessica was my life. 



"No matter if I want to, Leah, I can not. You know how I worship Jess. The worship of Jess is what got me into this. No, I could never leave her."



"Yeah, I know. I want you though. I have never had a slave. There are no slaves like you. None could be as sweet and caring as you. I promise to always love you Leroy, I will not ever hurt you again, I promise. My use of you will always be as sweet as you just experienced. Always, Leroy."



I looked into those big brown eyes, bent down and kissed her pussy. I frenched it as it was meant to be kissed. When I got up, I walked away without looking back. I did not know if I had the strength to say, "No", to Leah again. Saying no to a beautiful lady was something I never learned to do.







 































&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It All Began as a Dream



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Nine



I was in our bedroom when Jessica returned.



"Can you believe that asshole kept us the whole three hours? Geeze! On the first night too! That means he has no life. Know what, Leroy? That makes me admire you more. You had no life but you had the balls to do something about it. I know what you did take a lot of nerve. But you went forward. Now you are living your dream. Hell, that asshole probably doesn't dream! You can bet if he was where you are he would not live nearly so long."



"I am going to take really good care of my little Leroy. Arent I?" 



She did not wait for an answer. Lots of time she did not when she was on a role.



"He did let us get drinks at break and drink them in class. He already told us we would be there until 9:00. 6-9 in that freakin boring class! I put it off as long as I could. That is why I am stuck with it my last semester and at night! I

drink two Dr.Peppers.&nbsp; I am glad I have a nice toilet to take care of that!"



She flashed a big smile and rubbed my tummy. "It is all going in there!"



"You are so sweet to me, Leroy. God you love me! I do not know who loves me the most, you or me!"



She did a couple 360's in front of the mirror admiring her reflection as she turned. "I see why you are so captivated by me. Yeah, my ass got you where you are and my sweet pussy will keep you there!"



She looked at me, eyes flashing, wearing huge smile, finger pointing to the floor at her feet.



"Get down, Toilet. I have to go pee and I am using that wonderful mouth of yours. Maybe my pee will give you energy. After all it is loaded with DR.PEPPER!"&nbsp; (g)



She straddled my face and looked at me the whole time she was taking a piss.



"Oh Leroy, you are so much fun. I wish I had had you in high school. I was not mature enough though. I would not have known what to do with you. I certainly would never have done this and it is the most fun of all."



"It makes me soooo hot to think you are giving me your all and I am using you up. Leroy, you are my toilet! A guy can not do more for a girl than that. These macho freaks could take lessons from you. You are the real man. You know what to do with a woman. You understand what serving her is all about. I love you for it. Keep thinking of more things to do for me. Think of fun things I can do to you for shit and giggles too."



She finished, bent down and rubbed my stomach again. 



"Oh is it full of Princess Jessica's Pee?" (g)



"I hope not because I am feeling really mean tonight. I have to take a dump and you know what that means, don't you Leroy?" (g) 



"I can not freakin believe what you are allowing me to do to you. Love it, but don't believe it!" She said as she lowered her ass to my waiting mouth and cut a fart.



"Oh that stinks!" She said as she threw wrapped a throw rug around her waist and over my head.



"Keep that awful stink in there with you where it belongs. My sensitive little nose doesnt need that shit!"



"Opps, I made a joke, get it Leroy. Not need that shit'!" (g)



I tried to answer.



"Leroy, you talk like someone with their mouth full of shit!"



"Oops, I made another joke. Leroy, you are being a toilet for a comedienne."



"Breathe harder, Leroy. That shit stinks something awful. I can not reach the freakin spray either. I don't know if I can stand it or not. Swallow all of it and lick me. Inhale and hold it. Get rid of that stink, Leroy. It is what you

like to do, so, do it! Ohhh, how do you ever stand the smell? And eat it, YUCK!"



I was about ready to pass out, I think, when she rose up.



"Leroy, you smell like an often used outhouse. You know the type they used to have at state parks. Go do something about that stink!"



As I was walking toward the bathroom she called out.



"How's my little septic tank!"&nbsp; (g)



I turned to look at her. She was on the bed with one hand on her pussy and the other on her tit.



I used Listerine mouth wash. I gargled too. I turned and Jessica was behind me watching.



"Move, Leroy. I have to brush my teeth."



"Leroy kneel right there. Here is your toothbrush."



She put toothpaste on her toothbrush and began to brush her teeth while looking at me through sparkling eyes.



"Uhhhh, open!" She said to me. I knew she meant my mouth.



I opened wide and she spit in my mouth.



"There is toothpaste for you to use. Brush your teeth too. God, with that stuff you have been chewing on, you need it! Boy do you ever need it."



She brushed and spit some more. She put more paste on her brush and repeated the process. Once she did not hit my mouth. She giggled.



"Maybe your mouth will be clean enough to touch my pussy. If not, I will have some more sterile Golden Nectar for you shortly."



"Leroy, why do you like being my toilet? What makes you want me to do such god awful things to you?"



"I would think you are a freak but I know you and know you are not. You sure are wrapped up in beauty, that's all I can say. Hell, I know I am beautiful. I don't know anyone as pretty as me. Shit, I may well be the most beautiful woman in the world. But, Hey Leroy, my shit stinks!"



I looked at her face, and said. "Not to me it does not. I like the scent of your shit. I get a hard on every time you take a dump in my mouth. Jess, you are so beautiful. I feel like the luckiest guy in the world to serve as your slave and toilet. I want to be used by you forever. I will never be able to get enough of you."



She smiled and pushed my face in her crotch. "Well, look at that take a good luck. That is what owns you Leroy."



A milky white fluid was forming on her lips. My tongue flicked out and whisked it away. I licked the length of her pussy then settled in and ate in earnest. I listened to her moans and cries of pleasure as I teased and serviced the world's sweetest pussy. Jess knew how to be eaten. I am sure she had been eaten out many times considering her looks. She had told me a few times, and I believed. I am the best. She has confessed that no one has ever made her feel as good as I do. She told me again and added that I make her feel like a goddess every time.



"Leroy, you are the worlds best. I know it is because you enjoy it but most of all, you want me to have all the pleasure a girl can have from receiving cunnilingus. You give me those pleasures every time. I love you for that. I should not let you be my toilet, no matter how much you want to prove your love for me. That is why you do it. You can not possibly like it. You do it over and over to prove to me how much you love me. Maybe you do it because you are trying to do something to be worthy of the attention I give you. I notice you are ecstatic to be near me. You worship me. I am a goddess to you. I know all of this yet I do not understand it at all. The human mind is a puzzling thing. I was going to major in Psychology but changed my major. I think one of the reasons I accepted you was to study you. I never in my wildest dreams realized I would enjoy the study so much. Leroy, I could never put into words what you do to me while doing stuff for me. Using you makes me soooo hot. Like when I was taking a dump in your mouth a short while ago. I felt like I was Goddess of the entire world, like I ruled it all. With every turd I pushed in your mouth I felt more power. I could hear you gasp for air. I could hear you swallow. I could hear you smack, and yeah, I could smell it and only guess what it must be like for you. Yet you performed as my toilet flawlessly, just because I am beautiful. Leroy that is freakin amazing! A beautiful woman has a thousand times the power she knows about. Someday women will know the power they wield and will rule the world. We are ahead of our time. You and I know it now. Yet so few would believe."



I had long returned to slowly licking her. Playing casually play with her lips. I was running the tip of my tongue in and around her pussy. Slow licks. Licks to show love and devotion to my Goddess. I knew what she said was true. I am not sure she knew or was merely talking. She was on point with me though. She told me more about me than I ever thought about myself. 



Both of us went to sleep in the position which had become normal. My nose near her vagina smelling her feminine aroma with each breath I took. I went to sleep proud to be where I was and being used by the world's most beautiful goddess. When I would awaken I would inhale deeply. Her sex was always best as the hours wore on. Sometimes during the night especially after drinking so much liquid, she would say in a low, sexy voice. "I gotta pee." If my mouth went to its place she would pee as slowly as she could while I drink from her pussy. If my mouth did not go to its place she would give me a kick to awaken me and tell me, "I gotta pee". 



Why I cherished those words so much, I know not. Not even to this day.

&nbsp;&nbsp; 





















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim Hale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





