BDSM Library - For James




For James
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young pretty asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists but must endure it for the sake of her husband.






For James
Chapter 1
By Incomplete
dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net

Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists
but must endure it for the sake of her husband.
Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious


Disclaimer: Story contains themes of rough non-consensual sex, bondage
and S&amp;M,
and is not intended for minors. All characters in the story as well as events
are fictional. This is merely a creative, erotic piece for your enjoyment.



The desert stretched endlessly on this lonely stretch of highway. By the
wayside parked a luxury sedan that looked out of place amongst such a
desolated
land. Inside, in a thin white Sunday dress, that fell modestly to her knees,
Jeannie Lee sat uncomfortably about. The heat was easy to deal with, since
the
air condition was running at the maximum.

She was worried about her husband. It had been over an hour since he left.
Why
did the car have to die? They had only bought it little over a month ago, and
that's why they had this absurd idea of driving it on their trip to Mexico.
Now
it was sitting there, like a black metallic rock against the maroon landscape.

Every half hour a car or two would drive by. She had already counted two or
three. Did it take that long to walk to town? She had wished many things at
the moment, like having the car suddenly startup spontaneously, or that they
could get reception for their cell phones, to call out for assistance. Unable
to wait any longer, Jeannie thought it better that she burned off some anxious
energy, walking in her husband's footsteps.

As she was about to leave the comfort of her car, a large pickup truck pulled
up ahead of her. Before she even realized it, a man was knocking on her
window.
She fumbled for the button a little before lowering it.

"Yes?" she asked.

"Jeannie? James told us to come get you and tow the vehicle into town," said
the man with a slight Mid-Western accent.

"Oh, sure. Thanks," Jeannie replied, and opened the door. The man stepped
back
to let her out.

"And you are?" she asked.

"Taylor, and that's Scooter," the man said, pointing behind her to the other
man.

"Nice to meet you ma'am," another voice boomed from behind her. Shocked,
she
quickly turned around.

"I'll just grab my purse from the car," she said, as she went back to the car.

The men told her to wait for them in the truck, while they hooked up her car
to their truck. As she got into the pickup, she was relieved to be saved. She
wanted to ask them where James was, but seeing how crowded the front seat
was,
she thought that he might be at the shop waiting for her. The doors opened
and
both Taylor and Scooter slid into the seat, sitting on either side of her.

* * * *

Sitting to Jeannie's right in the passenger's seat, Scooter had it best. He
didn't have to pay attention to the road, and could focus on her. Despite the
blazing heat, she still smelled amazingly fresh. Her long black hair fell a
little past her shoulders, and her small nose and almond shaped eyes were
beautifully set on a heart shaped face. Though he couldn't tell how tall she
was while sitting, he had paid particular attention to her as she walked past
them on her way to the truck. Five-five, maybe a hundred and five pounds.

He stole a glance down at her legs. Only her calves were visible, and they
were well toned. It was unfortunate that he couldn't see more, at least for
now, he chuckled to himself.

"What do you do?" Taylor asked.

"Excuse me?" Jeannie replied.

"Job-wise," he clarified.

"I am a research scientist."

"How long have you two been married?"

"A little over a year," she answered with a coy smile. Every time the thought
of her husband came up, she would involuntarily smile.

"He's a great guy, even though we just met," laughed Taylor, "So were you
guys
going to Mexico?"

Before she could continue the small chatter, they arrived at a small run down
garage. While the men went to work getting the car unhooked, Jeannie exited
and walked around looking for James. An elderly man with graying hair and
beard,
and a rather large belly sat in an office sipping beer. He stole a glance at
her. She made eye contact and walked towards him. "Have you seen James,
an
Asian man."

"James, yeah. He went to the corner store about a five minute walk from
here.
Probably wanted to get some orange juice."

Though she wanted to see James, hearing this she felt more at ease. Orange
juice was her favorite drink, and she had mentioned to her husband to bring
her back some, if he found a grocer on his way.

The three men, despite being friendly, made her felt uncomfortable. They
were
all much bigger than she was. Taylor was about six feet, tall and lanky. His
elongated, sun dried face always held a mischievous smile. Scooter, while a
few inches shorter, was obese. Everything about him was rotund. He didn't
talk
much, and that made her really feel uneasy. The same feeling she had now
standing in front of this old man. On the walls were various pinup posters of
nude women, and his hands were hidden under below the top of the desk.

She stammered, "I'll go check on Taylor," and quickly left. She found the
two
men under the hood yanking and pulling away at the parts. Dismayed she
went up
to them and asked, "What's wrong? The car is virtually brand new."

"Nah, lots of bad parts. It's a mess," replied Taylor.

"What are you doing?!" she shouted, as Scooter looked like he was
attempting
to remove a tire. "There's nothing wrong there!" Quickly she thought that
these
people must be trying to pull a con on James and her. This probably happens
a
lot in desolated places, a natural monopoly. "It's okay. Just stop. We'll pay
for the towing and we'll find someone else in town," she added.

Taylor looked up with a grin that scared her. He started to approach her,
while
saying, "We're the only ones working. Plus, we've already started."

She suddenly found herself backed up against her own car, with Taylor
standing
right in her face. "James will be back soon. He told me to take care of you in
the meanwhile," smiling as he said it.

Jeannie felt his hands grab her waist, slowly moving downward. She pushed
him
away and started to stammer out, not knowing where else to go except to
find
James. Scooter blocked her way with his wide frame.

"Let her go," cried the old man from his office. "If the bitch wants to be a
widow, that's fine."

"W-what do you mean?" Jeannie turned wide-eyed around. The old man
slowly
walked towards her with a few pictures in his hands. She couldn't make out
what, nor did she want to. Her legs started to grow weak, and her heart beat
rose, pounding endlessly against her chest.

He threw the pictures onto the hood of the trunk. They were pictures of
James,
except he was unconscious and tied up. In one of them, a gun was pointed to
his head. In another, a cruel looking Scooter held a chainsaw above his body
with Taylor posing with another one of his smirks. They were too much.

"Where is he?!?!" she demanded.

"If you play nice, he'll be safe," said Taylor.

"I'll go to the bank ..." she started to say

"No," said the old man. "That's not what we want." He put his hand up,
touching her cheek. She reflexively flinched back. Upset, he shouted, "Go!"

Jeannie turned around and was about to run. To the police, she thought. "Oh,
take a look at this picture too, before you go," said the old man. She turned
back around and saw the photo in his hand. Jeannie turned ghastly pale.

It was James again, still unconscious, in a trunk. However, it wasn't the
trunk of any car, but that of a patrolman's car. Posing beside it was an
officer with a curly mustache and the same demented smile.

* * * * * * *

The young twenty-six year old Asian girl sat uncomfortably on the sofa
inside
the office. All her neurons were firing, and it was almost impossible for her
to concentrate. The only thing that was clear, was the image of James. He
was
in danger.

"Bitch, do you hear me!" yelled the old man, startling Jeannie back into
the present. "You can still go if you want. Do you want to go?" he asked.

"No," she mumbled.

"Good. If you stay, then you listen to us. Is that clear?"

"Yes," she said.

"She's a smart girl. Fast learner," commented Taylor, condescendingly
patting
her on her head as he spoke.

"Chink whores are naturally submissive. Makes for a fine bitch," spat
Scooter.

Jeannie shuddered at the anger in his words. Had James offended him?

"Stand up," commanded the old man.

"Strip!"

Tears welled up in her eyes as her face turned crimson. "And everything
goes,
not one ounce of thread left on you," the old man added.

Slowly, she complied. Jeannie didn't want to be there, and hoped desperately
that this was a nightmare, but she knew too well that this wasn't to be. The
pain was too real, and so was the fear. She was a virgin until she married
James, and had never contemplated leaving him or cheating on him. Yet,
here
she was, dishonoring him.

"Not much pubes. B-cup," Scooter commented, as he palmed her breast. She
quickly withdrew and slapped him. He slapped her back. Even in her
terrorized
state, she tried to maintain some dignity.

"You can put your clothes on and go," calmly said the old man.

Jeannie shook her head. She needed to stay. The consequences had been
explained
to her.

Grabbing her hair, Scooter yanked her up. His hands cruelly gripped her
breasts.
She tried to raise her hand, but he whispered, "Keep your hands at your
sides."
and she lowered them in defeat.

"That's enough," said the old man. He glanced at her naked body. She had a
healthy golden tone. He wondered why they call them "yellow." The B-cups
fit
her lithe frame perfectly, and her nice long legs were toned from thigh to
calf. Her ass was shapely as well.

"Put your clothes back on." he said.

As much as she wanted to, she didn't dare. "Whore likes being naked," said
Scooter as he swatted her naked ass and gripped it angrily.

"Don't worry, Uncle Billy will keep you. We like you," said Taylor, and
smiled.

She quickly put her clothes back on. When she was done, she was shocked to
find Scooter standing by her side with a pair of scissors.

"It's okay," said Uncle Billy. "Don't move unless you want to get hurt. He's
just redesigning your dress."

As he said that, Scooter cut around the base of the dress, shortening it to
expose her more. He put his hands on her smooth legs and running over
them,
feeling her up from her tiny ankles all the way to her inner thighs. She
wanted
to run and hide, but she stood there frozen. She was afraid to move, afraid to
scream, afraid to do anything that these men didn't approve of.

He finished by cutting two slits up either on side of her legs, until bits of
her underwear showed. On the top, he gave her conservative dress a plunging
neckline. Uncle Billy went to one of the lockers and pulled out a matching
white pair of shoes, with four inch stiletto high heels. It was much higher
than the ones that she was used to, and she knew that she would soon be
donning them. He placed them on the desk in front of him.

"Whore's shoes," he said, "Just like the ones they wear," pointing to the
numerous nude women in the posters that adorned the room. "Put them on,
and
boys, you may leave the room."

Turning back to her, he calmly asked, "Do you know what you are here for?"

"I want to see James safe," she whispered.

The old man smiled. "Yes, but to get something, you must give something.
Are
you a slut?"

"No!" Jeannie vehemently denied the abrupt comment.

"You never fantasized about other men?"

"Well, you're going to now. You'll have to, to get through this," he said,
calmly looking at her. "I'm going to make you my slut."

Jeannie looked at the man. He was insane. This was impossible. Rape had
long
entered her mind. To her, that was now inevitable, but to have her accept
such
a degrading role was beyond her.

The old man moved closer to her and started to kiss her. She let his tongue
enter her mouth, but did nothing in return. She closed her eyes, as she felt
his hands lowering her panties. She waited for the inevitable penetration, but
it never came, and she felt him walk away from her.

She heard him on the phone. "Uh-huh ..yeah ..The fucking bitch is here. ...
Yeah come on over later .. I'm putting you on speaker phone."

A loud muffled voice could be heard. It sounded like someone in extreme
pain.
Jeannie recognized the voice immediately, and lunged at the phone, but
before
she could say anything, Uncle Billy had cut off the call. He looked at her and
smiled. A small rivulet of tears ran down her cheeks.

"Kiss me," said the old man.

Jeanne complied. Locking her soft lips against his rough chapped ones. Her
tongue responded this time. She hated the beard prickling and hurting her
soft,
smooth skin, but she couldn't withdraw. After a long while, he pushed her
away.


"On your knees." he demanded.

She obeyed. He walked up to her, jamming his crotch into her face. A
repugnant
odor overwhelmed her. He grabbed the back of her head and mashed it
harder
into his crotch.

"What do you think?" he laughed.

She just looked up at him as he rested on the table. "Do you know what you
are
here for?" he asked again.

There was silence. He waited. There was no need to hurry. "To be your slut,"
she whimpered amidst her sobs.

"Huh?" he said, pretending not to hear. The defeat must be complete.

"To be your slut," she said, louder this time.

"Then you should know what to do," he said, resting further back on the
table,
splaying his legs wide open.

She scuttered forward on her knees to where he was. He slapped her but not
too
hard. He didn't want her bloody, while she was sucking him, but he made
sure
that it was enough to hurt.

Slowly she reached up to unzip his fly. She's smart, he thought to himself.
His penis was erect already. Ever since the military days of being stationed
in Asia, he had a fetish for Asian women. Now this gorgeous Asian girl
kneeling
in front of him was too much. She was his for as long as he wanted. She took
out his prick. He looked at her to see what she was going to do. She slowly
parted her lips. Abruptly he slapped her again.

"Did I say that you could suck my dick, bitch? You're a real cock-sucker
huh?"

She openly sobbed now. He ignored her, leaning back, he opened a drawer
and
took out a rubber band. He threw it at her. "Tie up your hair. I want to see
your face when you're sucking me."

She quickly did as she was told. Wiping away her tears, she gently held his
prick in her soft little hand, and waited for his command. "Slap yourself," he
said.

She looked at him quizzically, and then using her free hand, she started to
hit her cheek.

"No, bitch. You really are a dumb one." he said, and so she stopped, still
puzzled by the new order. He replaced her hands with his, and pulled his
cock
to one side of her, and then swung it, hitting her in her face with it. She
winced, in pain and humiliation. "That's how you do it. Now you do it."

Blushing, she held the man's prick, and hit herself. Once, twice, and kept
doing it for what seemed like an eternity. Her face was now soaked, and that
annoyed the old man. "A bitch needs a good cock slapping sometime. Bet
your
James didn't do that?"

He was right. James loved her and would never do this to her. Her face was
now
red from hitting herself with his prick. He motioned for her, like a man
would
to his dog, to come back. She obediently did. She horribly wanted to get this
ordeal over with. She once again held his cock in her hands, and was about
to
proceed the humiliating task of slapping herself in the face, when she saw
him
shake his head disapprovingly.

"I know that you love my cock, but it's hurting now. Soothe it. Rub it over
your face." he demanded.

Again, she did as he requested. Caressing her soft silky skin against this
monster's prick. She could feel the pre-cum dribble onto her face. Her eyes
watered up, but she was afraid to cry.

He was in heaven, but he had to go soon, and had to end this. "We don't have
all day. Get on with it."

She gave a sigh of relief, even though the new task was far from enviable.
She
lifted his shaft, and was about to wrap her lips around it, when he grabbed
her
head backwards by the hair and said, "You don't just suck a cock when you
feel
like it bitch. Ask for permission. Say 'May I suck your cock sir?'" he said,
slowly and insultingly, and then made her repeat it several times, adding
more
descriptions each time. Finally he settled for one, and made her repeat that
one with her pleading eyes starring up into his merciless ones.

"May this worthless slut attempt to suck your cock. This slut promises to
make
it good for you. Please, she needs your cock in her mouth so badly," she
pleaded.

He finally assented, and felt her warm lips slowly envelope his dick. Her
tongue darted under and over his prick. She was an amateur, but he didn't
mind
yet. A prim and proper one was always fun. He would think of many ways to
degrade her. He stared down into her beautiful face. Her cheeks sunk in as
she
was trying desperately to suck his cock. The rubberband was a good idea. He
rested her feet on her small shoulders, making it even more uncomfortable
for
her. Crossing his feet behind her, he pulled her in, until she had all nine
inches of his dick down her throat. He wanted to cum.

Quickly he withdrew and shouted, "Don't you move!" as he came all over her
face.

* * * * * *

Taylor and Scooter were outside finishing up. It was a long day, but a great
one. Unexpectedly, they had found a great catch. They would have lots of
fun
with the bitch. Taylor knew that Scooter wanted her badly. He caught him
looking at the direction of the office several times.

Slowly, the office door opened, and Uncle Billy walked out with a big grin.
He shifted his package and said, "Ready to close up the shop boys?"

"Yeah," replied Scooter, licking his lips. "I'll get the van."

Taylor hadn't seen Scooter so animated in a long while. In a flash, the heavy
set man was gone. Jeannie timidly walked out of the office, baited by Uncle
Billy's incessant insults. "Don't be so shy bitch. By definition, a slut can
never be shy?"

She walked out with her head down, trying desperately to avoid eye contact.
Taylor saw that her face was plastered with semen, dangling from her chin
and
some had even dropped onto her chest and dress. She had made no effort to
wipe
it off. Her cheek bones showed more prominently with her hair tied back,
and
made her look even more aristocratic and classy, despite the vulgar deposits
that his uncle had made.

"Come sit on daddy's lap while we wait," Uncle Billy said, motioning for the
girl. She walked gingerly over to him and sat down on his lap.

She reeked of his semen, and he loved it. "What do you think? Do you like
being
my slut?"

"Y-y-yes," she stuttered. "Whe-r-e's ...."

But before she could finish, he hushed her up. He was now running his hands
up
and down her smooth silky legs. She could feel his erection under her butt,
but didn't dare to move away. A van pulled up to the front, and Scooter
exited
the cab. He was shocked to see Jeannie sitting on his Uncle's lap, with semen
all over her face. "Whore," he mumbled under his breathe.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * * * * * *

They had blindfolded her for the ride, and she had no idea where they were
now,
except that it probably was pretty far away, considering how long they had
driven. The trip was horrible. The semen from that old man offended her
senses,
not to mention itching and burning her skin. She wasn't allowed to wash it
off.
Her hands were handcuffed uncomfortably behind her. 

She sat in the back with Scooter, and he had complete access to her body.
Like
his uncle, he was a brute. All of them were. He constantly felt her up and
pinched her most private and sensitive area. When the semen on her face
finally dried into a thin sticky mask, he forced her to perform oral sex on
him.

Again, she was made to beg. To tell the men how she badly she needed to
have
the cock in her mouth. Her technique, or there lack of, was criticized, and
she burned with shame. She wanted to die, but they had the trump card. Even
if
it meant living in hell, like it was now, being constantly tormented by these
goons, she would do it to protect her husband's life.

When Scooter was tired of her, they talked openly about their sexual
fantasies
and other perversions that they would soon have her performing. She, of
course,
had to join in the conversation, and act eager and willing to do these
disgusting things, describing in minute detail about acts which she knew
nothing about, except that it pleased the men with whom her life, and that of
her husband's lie.

After what seemed like hours, they finally took off her blindfold. She was on
a ranch, surrounded by miles of isolated prairie. Scooter grabbed her by her
hair, and led her backwards into their house. Once inside, she knew that her
nightmare had just gotten worse.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

She was now naked, except for the high heels, and knelt in the center of a
very
large living room. Neatly folded beside her, was a ridiculous maid's uniform,
even though her petite frame was too big for it. It was meant to degrade her
more than cover her body. Even that small relief was denied her though.

As soon as she tried it on, they made her take it off. The men went about
doing their things, while she knelt there, thinking and crying. She had felt
like she had betrayed her husband, even though she knew that this wasn't the
case. More than that, she felt dirty and unworthy of his love anymore.

"Hey bitch," spat Scooter. He was amused when she responded. All three of
them
were there, sitting on the couch watching her.

"Since you're living with us now, you have to follow our rules. Especially
since you're Uncle Bill's slut," said Taylor.

He continued, "As with all families, there are rules. People and things have
to know their places. The hierarchy here is, Uncle Billy, then me and
Scooter,
then Pepper and Shadow."

Seeing her look up surprised, he explained, "Pepper and Shadow are our
Dobermans. They protect us, and in return, we give them food, shelter, and
even special privileges."

As he said those last words, his eyes sparkled, and he flashed that same
whicked smile. She didn't want to hear the rest of it.

"Naturally, you'll obey all of those above you, since you're at the bottom. So
if you're eating out of your bitch bowl, and one of your males comes, you
have
to let him have it."

Jeannie shuddered at the thought of having to share anything with those
dogs.
She felt goose-bumps suddenly pop up all over her body. These men are
truly
insane!

"Your purpose should be clear by now. You fuck, suck, clean, and anything
else
that we think that you can do, you shall. You will address us as sirs, and any
guests that come over will also be addressed as sirs as well. Also, we expect
our sluts to work for a living. That means, fucking for a living. Every
weekend,
we'll take you ... " he started to say before Jeannie screamed, "NOOOOO!"
This
was getting to be too much for her. To be raped by these men was enough,
but
now she was going to have to prostitute herself as well?

"Please, I have money. Don't make me, please. Let my husband go. I'll be
good,
I ..."

"Be good?!" Scooter cut her off. "You just said no. What about obedience?
As
to your husband, from the looks of it, he'll be dead by tomorrow, considering
what a fucking dumb bitch he married."

A soft "please" was all she could mustered.

"Listen, Officer Berg will be dropping by tonight. He has a special gift for
you. A videotape of your husband to be exact. If you are nice and obedient,
you'll get such gifts every other week, maybe even weekly."

Jeannie couldn't believe what she was hearing. Was it really possible for
these people to confine her and her husband indefinitely?

"What do you think?" interjected Uncle Billy. "You said that you liked being
my slut. Plus we need money."

"I can get a job," she said.

"Fucking is your job!" said Scooter. "God, are you ever stupid."

"Asian whores like you are exotic here. You'll bring in good money," added
Taylor.

"Fifteen to twenty men a night. Friday through Sunday. Money for us, cocks
for
you. It's a good thing for us all. What do you think?" he asked.

She looked up into his eyes. They were angry and determined. There was no
way
to win. They wanted her to be a prostitute for their perverse fancies.

"Whatever you want," she said in defeat.

"Good. Then it's decided then. But before that, we need to train you. We
don't
want to mar my good name, and embarrass myself with a lame assed cock
sucker.
A slut like you won't mind, but we do. So to help you out, we'll train you too.
What you say to that?"

Jeannie sat there dumbfounded. Never in her entire life had she ever felt as
miserable as she did right now. Suddenly she heard a loud snap, and before
she
could register the sound, a sharp shearing pain in her left shoulder woke her
up from her thoughts. "AHHhhhhhh," she screamed.

"Say thank you bitch," said Scooter, holding a small riding crop in his hands.

"Thank you," Jeannie quickly mumbled.

"I'm not too sure that she understands what her job is to be boys," said Uncle
Billy. "Here, let her husband tell her," he said, holding the earpiece to the
phone by her ear. Again, she could hear the muffled cries of a male voice.
She
hoped that it wasn't her husband, but knew that it was. She was certain. She
tried to say something, but the line was quickly cut off.

"So, tell us what you have learned so far. Start with what you are, and what
your duties are."

Jeannie took in a deep breathe. Her duties were long, and she needed to calm
herself down before uttering the previously unimaginable.

"Be descriptive, so that we know that you understand. Otherwise, we might
need
to call again."

Jeannie understood the threat, and began, "I am your slut. Here I am on the
bottom of the hierarchy. I am to follow all of your orders. I will suck, fuck,
clean, and do anything and everything else asked for. I shall show respect to
my superiors. I will not take advantage of your generosity, and I will earn my
keep by working as a prostitute."

"A whore," corrected Taylor.

"A whore," she repeated.

"Whose whore?" asked Uncle Billy.

"Yours," the captive girl said dejectedly.

"Say it once more," cooed the old man. "In full sentence."

"I am your whore," she said, as she buried her head into her small hands and
sobbed, as the men around her laughed.


BDSM Library










For James
Chapter 2
By Incomplete
dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net

Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists
but must endure it for the sake of her husband.
Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious



Disclaimer: Story contains themes of rough non-consensual sex, bondage
and S&amp;M,
and is not intended for minors. All characters in the story as well as events
are fictional. This is merely a creative, erotic piece for your enjoyment.


She hated them. She had never thought that she would ever want to kill
someone,
but now she did. All three of them. She hated them as much as she feared
them.
For the first time today, she was allowed to bathe and wash the semen off her
face, hair, and body. She still felt defiled but better. She knew that she
would never feel clean again.

Dressed in that small maid's outfit, and the high heels, she strutted around
the kitchen cooking for the men and their guest. The one, whom they
warned,
had her husband.

Around her neck was a new piece of accessory, a dog collar. Scooter even
took
the pain to scratch in her new position in life, "Uncle Billy's slut." She
abhorred that as well. It was tight, and when they pull on the leash that
dangled from it, it would almost suffocate her. That is part of the training,
they told her.

She spent a better half of the evening crawling around naked, except for the
heels. She barked, rolled over, heeled, played dead, and rubbed her face and
genitals against the men's leg. She was their "bitch." They took her to meet
Shadow and Pepper. She was ghastly afraid. The dogs were huge, but unlike
the
men, they were mild temper. They made her crawl next to them, hug them
and
kissed them.

"When you're not my slut, you're their bitch," said the sadistic old man. "One
day, if they do something good, or if you misbehave, I'll give you to them.
Breed some more bitches." They all laughed except for her.

It was dark outside, and the meal was prepared. She knelt obediently by the
door, waiting for the guest. The ominous knock came, and she went to open
the
door. Out stood the same officer she saw in the photo, curly mustache and
geeky
glasses. He too was lanky, like Taylor. She quickly pressed her body against
his
and kissed him deeply and sensually. It was her duty as a wife to save James.

The man seemed shock at her aggressiveness, and stared shockingly at Uncle
Billy.

"Wow, she's even hotter than I thought," he said excitingly, like a kid with a
new toy.

"Yea, she's a smart bitch. Learns fast," the old man replied.

Officer Berg or B, as they call him, strode straight to the dinner table and
sat down.

"Well, I guess dinner is served," and started to eat. The other three men
joined him. Uncle Billy gave his new slut a knowing glance, and she walked
closer to the table and stood next to B. Whenever a glass or plate was empty,
she would refill it. B didn't bother to look at the attractive goddess standing
next to him. He did however wrap his long skinny arms around her leg, as
she
stood there. He massaged her inner thigh and tickled her pussy opening with
his fingers. All the while, the girl just stood still, only trembling ever so
slightly.

"Wow, she is good," he commented. "Very obedient." he added, as he slid
his
fingers under her panties and probed her cunt. Then he slid two fingers into
it. He smiled with satisfaction.

The molestation went on throughout dinner. When the food was finally
finished,
she was allowed to clean up. Her stomach inadvertently growled. She hadn't
eaten the entire day. Hearing this, B offered her some of his leftovers. She
was told to bring the desert out first. She did, and was about to obtain the
small parcels when B shouted, "Wait. A good bitch has to earn it."

Jeannie could hear a zipper being lowered. Disgracefully she got on her
knees
and crawled under the dining room table. She would rather starve than to
earn
her food this way, but she knew that in the end, it had to be done. Luckily,
he came fast, but he held her head tight against his crotch until she
swallowed.
It was salty and fishy, but she was resigned to her fate, and she swallowed
and swallowed like a thirsty schoolgirl.

* * * * * * * *

Like the men before her, Officer Berg thought he was in heaven. The exotic
Asian girl knelt in front him, massaging, and licking his toes, in her
nakedness. She had a pair of nice B-cup sized breasts that were full and firm,
and looked perfect on her small frame. He yanked the leash and pulled her
beautiful face up to his crotch. She knew the routine, especially when her
tormentor sat naked in front of her with his erection in full view. She
lowered
her pouty lips onto it.

"Nice and slow and don't let go. Just go up and down, slowly like that."

She felt like a whore. In her entire life, she had been with one man, James.
And now in less than 24 hours, she had performed oral sex on three different
man. The television was customarily on, but no one was really watching. B
had
the idea of leading his new toy around the room with her mouth glued to his
prick. Jeannie flushed with humiliation, but was afraid to let go, as she
crawled backwards before him.

Finally he came, but cruelly, he ordered her not to swallow. "Just hold it."
With a mouth full of his ejaculation, some of it dribbling down her chin, she
stood on all fours, like a piece of furniture in front of B. In fact, to him,
she was, as he rested both feet on her back. Looking at her slightly full
cheeks containing his seeds, he smiled and began watching television.

The men were unbelievable. They spoke, laugh, and talked about sports,
cars,
and even women, as if she weren't there. Taylor even dispensed advice to B
on
how to court a woman. This brought back fresh tears to Jeannie's eyes as she
remembered her own courtship. She turned to look at B.

"You want to swallow my cum?" he asked.

She had no choice but to nod energetically.

"Okay then, go ahead," he permitted.

"Thank you sir," she said as she had learned to be polite, no matter how
indignant the act was.

B was very pleased with the girl. He stood up and walked over to the counter
where he had left a DVD when he entered this paradise several hours ago.
He
slipped it into the player and pressed play. On the screen was James. He
looked
conscious and was struggling vehemently against his bonds. Suddenly he
screamed,
and Jeannie's heart lept in her chest with him. Luckily it was just someone
hosing him off, with probably very cold or hot water. There he was left, tied
up in a fetal position, shivering in some unknown holding cell.

B looked into the teary eyes of the slave girl in front of him. "Please sir, let
my husband go," she begged.

"It's not my choice," he said. "But I can make his stay comfortable, if you
listen and obey."

"I will," she stammered. "I have." Looking around at the men, hoping to gain
some affirmation.

"She's a good little slut," Uncle Billy said. "Tell the man what you can do."

She needed no further encouragement. "I can suck and fuck. I will make you
happy. I'll be good. I promise."

"Can you entertain? Like when there's guests, just like now." asked Berg.

"Yes! I sing. I was in choir. I play the piano. I dance."

B smile. She really was an innocent one. "No, I mean for strip and fuck
yourself."

Jeannie looked up astonished. They never cease to amaze her with their
perversions. A large foot long dildo was thrown in front of her. "Use it until
you cum," ordered Scooter.

This was too much. She kept shaking her head. She couldn't humiliate
herself
further. How could she do her most private acts in front of strangers.

"A slut performs," added Uncle Billy.

"Sorry about this B," Taylor said, and her three kidnappers descended on the
helpless girl.

Minutes later, her hair was pulled cruelly back by a rope attached to a pulley
on one of the side beams of the ceiling. Standing on tip toes, with her hands
cuffed behind her, she was mercilessly beaten with an assortment of whips
and
crops. She screamed. It didn't matter to the men. No one would hear her. To
them, it was wonderful. She was singing.

Finally they stopped, and Scooter came up with some wooden clothes pins,
with a
bell dangling off the free end. "These are for your tits, or your nipples to
be exact," he said.

"Noo, no, please no," she begged, but it was too late. She felt them squeezed
tightly onto her nipples as they jingled. Officer B lit a cigarette and stood
up next to her. His hand running over her sweaty body.

"Uncle Billy's Slut," he read on her collar. "Are you ready to obey your
owner?"

Beaten she whimpered a soft yes. There was no way around it. She belonged
to
them until her husband somehow got away. Then she would either be saved
or she
would take her own life. Anything was better than this hell. For now though,
there was no way out.

"AhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHH!" she screamed as she felt the tip of the
cigarette burn
her breast. When she opened her tear stained eyes, she saw the cigarette was
still not out. He smiled and repeated his torture, touching the hot end of the
cigarette to her breasts.

"Yes! Yeeeeeeees! YeeeeeeeeeSSSSSSSSS!" she screamed.

Minutes later, she was on the ground, her legs spread. For the first time, it
wasn't for her husband. She took the dildo, and was about to insert it into
her pussy when B stopped her. He rolled something to her, and she
recognized
it as the empty apple cider bottle from dinner.

"You have to earn the other one. Sluts use that to pleasure themselves. Right
now, you're a bitch. Now show me what you can do."

* * * * * * * * * *

Jeannie was bent over the edge of the bed in the guest room. Her hands still
tied behind her back, her face tear stained. She stood in this compromising
position because of this brute. This man who swore to serve and protect was
now
torturing her. Again her mouth was "attached" to his penis. He was sleeping
soundly now, but she wasn't allowed to let his prick slip out of her mouth.
She was, in his terms, "his cock holder."

During the course of the night, after her performance, in which she was
taught
various vulgar words, and terms and then made to perform them. She was
raped
repeatedly by B. Aside from James, who was the first man to penetrate her
vagina, she had never had sex with any other man before this. He made her
smile and moan, even though it hurt the entire time. His prick was long and
skinny, like the rest of the man, and it poked into her cervix. Yet she was
made to fake pleasure, to scream out his name, and worst of all, beg him to
do
worse, using the obscene words that they had taught her. Now here she was,
"Uncle Billy's slut," and "B's bitch," and probably soon to be the town whore.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

The days that followed were absolute hell. She was forced to watch
pornography
non-stop. Then, when it did stop, she would be made to repeat the
techniques,
endlessly on the sex toys that they gave her. Someone was always watching
her,
to ensure that she wasn't being lazy, as "sluts" are prone to be. Her mouth
and tongue ached. Her vagina, or her pussy or cunt, as they called it, ached.

Clutching her knees, and naked as usual, Jeannie huddled against the wall in
the dimly lit basement. Her mobility was limited by the long chain that was
attached to her bitch collar. The air was humid, and being such, it left a
perpetual layer of perspiration on her body that made it glisten seductively
under the warm yellowish glow of the hanging light.

Footsteps could be heard coming down into the basement. She pulled her
legs
tighter to her body, covering her tender breasts. Even in her frightened state,
she could still make out the number of men who were descending into her
hell.

"Well look at my bitch," commented B. "Hmm Hmm fuckably good!"

At the sound of that word, Jeannie couldn't help but shudder, and despite the
heat, a cold chill ran up her spine. Her cunt was still felt raw, and it was
red from the constant unwanted attention.

"She sure does look good," said Taylor. "but she looks sad."

"It's okay," replied his uncle, "I got just the thing that bitches need. Bitch
food." Reaching into his pocket he took out a small handful of dog food.
When
the girl didn't respond, he was upset. He took the time to buy her some
quality IAMs and she just sits her lazy cunt there.

"Doesn't look like bitch is hungry. Maybe she needs some exercise,"
recommended
Scooter.

Usually, the other two men didn't care much about what came out of their
dumber kinsman's mouth, but somehow the suggestion of activity, especially
with such a fine lady specimen struck a cord.

"Let's get the bitch to crawl for us," suggested Scooter again.

"You heard my nephew bitch. Get your cunt moving!" shouted Uncle Billy.

Slowly, the girl turned to the men, her eyes were teary. Was it what they
said,
or had they always been teary since she was in their possession? In a tired
voice, she pleaded, "Please. You've had enough fun. Let us go." Even in her
state, she spoke and begged for her husband as well.

Annoyed, Uncle Billy grabbed hold of the long chain that was attached to her
collar and yanked it, sending her slender neck forward, and the girl, caught
by surprise, yelped. Taking off his belt, he whipped her mercilessly. At first
it was her back, but as it turned red, Jeannie started to crawl away, as the
men wanted to see from the start. Following her, Uncle Billy began to aim at
her thighs, her ass, and even her tits with a good underhand stroke. That hit
completely destroyed her, as she fell into a fetal position in the middle of
the room. "No more please," she mumbled through the sobs.

"Bitch, you just don't fucking understand. I thought you were smart, but I
guess a cunt just fucks and never thinks. We own you for as long as we feel
like," stated Taylor as confidently as he would his name.

"Get up and crawl," commanded Scooter. Like an obedient bitch, she
gingerly
got up, rubbing her sore breast at first, then fearing the men would be
impatient with her, began to crawl as far as the chain would allow and then
back.

"Good girl," praised Uncle Billy in a gentle fatherly tone and petted her on
her head.

"You think she can do any tricks?" asked Scooter.

"Sit up," tried Taylor. Obediently, she got on her knees and raised her hands,
dorsiflexing them in front of her like a bitch, the same way the men were
treating her. The men were amused, and continued, "Roll over, play dead,
fetch."
That last one was the hardest to follow due to the depth of the humiliation.

Scooter produced a dildo and threw it, making her fetch it. They weren't
satisfied that she merely retrieved it with her mouth, but it must be
retrieved correctly. The cock head was the end she must gently "hold on" to
with her mouth, leaving the base and plastic scrotum replica sticking
obscenely
out. For the next fifteen minutes or so, they played this new game with her.
With each successful fetch, she was rewarded with a dildo slap to the face,
smearing her saliva messily around.

Finally, they too tired of this humiliating game. By then, the men already had
an erection from watch the pretty girl crawl around the dirty basement floor.
They made her turn around and assume the bitch position, on her hands and
knees
with her ass toward them.

"Spread those bitch thighs further apart," commanded Scooter, already
eyeing
his prey hungrily.

Knowing where this was going, Jeannie tried to close her legs and crawl
away,
as illogical as that was. Seeing her move, Scooter immediately fell upon her,
and with his legs in between hers, it made it impossible for her to close her
thighs. He grabbed and twisted her slender arms cruelly behind her, and
plunged
right into her sore pussy. With one hand, he held onto both her wrists,
turning
them unnaturally upwards. His other hand went and grabbed her long silky
bitch
mane, and jerked them back. Jeannie had to arch her neck back to lessen the
tension on her scalp. Intoxicated by his domination, Scooter slammed into
her
even harder, garnering a painful grunt from the girl.

"WOooo hOOOooo! Ride them cowboy!" shouted Taylor, in an
uncharacteristic
outburst of emotion.

With each inwards thrust, Scooter would simultaneously lift her arms
painfully
upwards and yank at her hair. This made the girl tense up in pain and
inadvertently tighten her soft cunt muscles. Paradoxically, this made the rape
even more painful, as Scooter's cock rubbed even harder at her inner pussy
walls that now hugged his cock. Finally, after an eternity, she felt him
loosen up. Thinking she was safe, she sighed a breath of relief only to feel
his cock edged up against her anal opening. In fear, the girl surprised even
her attacker by flipping over and kicking him in the face.

A soft crunch was heard as her heel made contact with Scooter's nose and
warm
blood began to run his face.

"Bitch!" yelled Scooter.

In an instant, the other three men simultaneously descended upon her. Within
minutes, the girl was strung up. Her arms tied up above her head, looped
around a wooden beam in the ceiling. Her long hair was in a pony tail that
was
attached to a rope lassoed around her ankle, arching the leg painfully back.
If she dropped her leg, she would yank out her own hair, but it was almost
impossible to hold it up in such an acrobatic fashion. Additionally, her
entire body weight, though light, now rested slowly upon the big toe of her
other foot, as she was hung just slightly off of the ground.

Tied in such a position, her face naturally looked upwards, as the men
wanted.
Glaring down at her pretty face was Scooter, who now had his bloody face in
front of hers. His rough hand grabbed her nipple and pinched. She screamed,
and he slapped her, sending her spinning in a complete 360 degree circle,
like
a figure skater.

"You'll pay bitch. You'll beg me to fuck that worthless shit hole of yours,"
the man promised.

SWIIIIIIIISHHHH! Jeannie couldn't help but let out a scream. Nothing. No
pain.

"Bamboo is amazing. You chinks have some crazy shit," she heard Scooter
talk.

He came up close so that she could see the instrument of torture. It was a
long thin bamboo cane. He gently tapped her head a few times with it.
Scooter
stepped back and out of her view. She continued to stare up at a 45 degree
angle. She heard that same dreadful sound, but this time, she felt it hit her
right inner thigh. All her weight was on that leg gave, and she almost fell,
if not for her wrists. She regained her balance, hoping on her toes, until she
resumed her previous posture.

"Not one of you chinky bitches is obedient. This little bad boy gets a slut in
line better than even a 10 inch cock," he continued.

She felt the cold indifference of the cane, running against her leg, running
up her leg. It was now between her thighs, right on her sex. Slowly, she felt
it split her sex lips. The cane began to saw from front to back between her
pussy's lips, rubbing against her clitoris. It hurt.

Each tiny segment of the bamboo ended with a slight notch. Some were
compassionately rounded and nodular, while others were sharply
demarcated. It
was those that tortured her as she felt Scooter pick up pace, strumming and
sawing away at her sex as if it were a cello, or a violin. She began to cry as
she felt a stronger friction pick up. Her sex must be scratched and lacerated
by now. At least that's the way it felt.

Then it stopped. She saw Scooter's ugly face again. "Please stop," she
begged.

He just smiled. Turning the bamboo sideways he placed it close against her
lips.
"Lick it," he commanded. Her tongue gradually came out of her mouth and
she
timidly licked it. "More bitch. Slobber over it. More saliva." Her tongue
protruded again. This time, she licked the cane, leaving a long trail of
saliva that ultimately fell back, onto her chin. She was making a mess, just
as Scooter wanted. He cruelly pressed it against her opened mouth. "Hold it."
She held it between her soft moist lips.

"You see, I'm not racist. There are a lot of things I like about the Far East.
Like their pussies," he said slapping his hand on her exposed cunt, "and as I
mentioned before, bamboo. Americans, we got only leather belts."
WHHHHACK!

She felt another type of pain, Not as sharp, but stang just as well. This time,
the man didn't stop. "And don't fucking let Mr. Bamboo fall out of your
whore's
mouth." It was a good thing that he reminded her. She was screaming so hard
that the bamboo was rolling off her lower lips. She lunged forward, fighting
back the pain in her scalp to catch it, clamping down on it with her lips.

He hit her all over. He was systematic. He started with her beautiful thighs
and calves. Then her back and flat tummy. He stopped momentarily for the
girl
to catch her breath. He wanted her to be awake and wanted air to fill her
lungs
so she could scream again. He went for her tits. As the belt made contact, a
fine layer of sweat was swatted off her now soaking body. The bitch is so
damned sexy, thought Scooter. It was nature's way of oiling up a slut.

He threw down the belt, and a loud clink reverberated through the damp,
musky
basement. Jeannie was breathing hard. Scooter can see her tummy moving in
and
out, and her chest rising and falling. He walked up to her to inspect his work.
The belt was a more even instrument. The welts were wider and less raised.
She
was nonetheless red. He put his large callous hands on her ass, rubbing and
grabbing her bouncy meat. He could feel her warmth. His hands moved up
toward
her stomach, the gradually made its way to the underside of her tits. He
cupped
them from underneath and then let them fall. Yes, her skin was tender after
the
attention that they had received. Yet this wasn't enough. He grabbed the
bamboo from her mouth. As if read his mind, Jeannie began to beg.

"No please no. You know I'll do anything. Please."

"Beg me to fuck your bitch ass."

It was wrong, disgusting, and most likely painful. Her pussy hurt from the
unholy fucking she got from Scooter. She couldn't comprehend what his
cock
might do to her virgin ass hole. She shook her head. "Anything, please, but
that."

Scooter didn't even reply to the bitch. It was the slant-eyed bitch's ass that
didn't deserve his tool. He aimed for her sex box. SWIIISSSHHH followed
by a
loud piercing scream. He waited and mentally counted thirty seconds before
he
continued with the next blow. He waited for her nerves to depolarize,
sending
the sharp electric impulses that signify pain into her brain, then waited some
more for them to repolarize, so as to receive the next signal. Each time, their
message was the same, intense agony.

Twenty minutes passed by in hellish slow motion for Jeannie. For Scooter, it
was pure bliss as he watched her body thrash about in her bonds, then, as she
wore down and sagged in her restraints, he would repeat it all over again.
The
last blow was too much. It was as if her entire being, her soul and
consciousness, was all concentrated in her sex, and unfortunately for her, it
was a pulsating mass of pain. The last blow mercifully sent her into the dark
analgesic unconsciousness.

However, Scooter wasn't to have this. She was his, and he wouldn't have her
escape him. He inspected her sex. It was now swollen and bright red. The
angry
welts all raised their heads in protest. He still wasn't satisfied. The bitch
did not beg for him to fuck her in her ass.

Jeannie, in her dark haven, felt someone sucking at her nipples. The act
wasn't
tender at all. Nonetheless, the combination of the attention and cold
perspiration made them respond and stand erect. Suddenly she felt a sharp
pain
in her left nipple. She moaned weakly and swung weakly to one side. It was
no
use. She felt a hand steady her, not out of sympathy, but from impatience.
The
owner of that hand wanted to extract from her battered body more pain and
agony. She felt another sharp pain on her other nipple. She tried to shake off
the offending object, but it was impossible. They were clamped.

She waited, unwilling to fully waken into the world that Scooter wanted her
to
be in. Her nightmare and his fantasy. It was no use however. Her torturer
held
the key, and in an instant brought her back to him. She jolted up in her bonds
and screamed at the top of her lungs, eyes wide opened. The bastard had
attached alligator clips to her tortured nips, and was now blasting them with
electricity. How much, she did not know, but it was enough to waken her.

Jeannie's entire body was now awake, sensitive, and awaiting punishment.
Scooter smiled satisfactorily. Electricity did the trick. He twitched the dial
again, and she thrashed about even more violently than when she was under
the
bamboo's cunt whipping. He stopped, but the bitch kept screaming. It was
nice.
Each time, he kept the dial on progressively longer, until finally, he had to
stop, or the bitch would die. The pile of urine on the ground confirmed that.
The nasty bitch had pissed on herself.

"Please no more nn-no mmmoore," she panted.

Scooter looked down into her face. Her tired, defeated eyes looked up like a
beaten bitch.

"Apologize for being a stupid cunt and beg me to fuck your ass hole."

"Pplease sir. I'm a stttupid c-cunt. Ppplease fuck this cun-t's aaass hooole."

Scooter laughed and said teasingly, "I don't know bitch. I'm having a lot of
fun here. Why would I want that nasty shit hole of yours?"

Jeannie felt the tip of the bamboo poking hard at her tit. She yelped.

"Please. I'll fuck you good. Y-yyou'll be my ffirst man, just please. No more."

By now, Jeannie was a wreck. She could clearly feel her body expanding and
contracting with each beat of her heart. Not only that, her pussy was on fire,
her tits were raw, and her legs felt cramped after countless hours of being in
that unnatural bondage. She told herself that she would do anything to avoid
such torture in the future. The only exception was, of course, James. She
would
live eternally under such conditions if only he were to be returned safely.
For now however, she was content to offer this pig of a man her virgin ass
hole
to avoid another session.

She felt the pressure in her arms lessen, and she fell immediately to the floor.
She laid there rubbing her body. Everywhere was sore and swollen.

"That's the reason I like to keep my bitches chained. If you let them free,
they start touching themselves."

She looked towards the speaker. It was Scooter. What scared her more was
sitting a little ways off, beyond the reach of the dim basement light, were
the two men, Uncle Billy and Taylor. Both were naked like Scooter. From
the
waist down, their erections were full, hard, and menacing. On their face, they
wore something even more frightening, the contented smiles of sadists.



BDSM Library










For James
Chapter 3
By Incomplete
dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net


Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists
but must endure it for the sake of her husband.
Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious



Disclaimer: Story contains themes of rough non-consensual sex, bondage
and S&amp;M,
and is not intended for minors. All characters in the story as well as events
are fictional. This is merely a creative, erotic piece for your enjoyment.



With her face pressed to the dirty floor, Jeannie reached back with her small
quivering hands, and parted her buttocks, revealing her most previously
private
body part. Her little star shaped anus contrasted sharply to her cunt, as she
held her firm buttocks apart, as Scooter had ordered.

"It's a virgin hole for sure Uncle," commented Scooter.

Jeannie was surprised that it was Uncle Billy who was behind her. His cock
sitting right between her ass crack. He left it there, while he conversed with
the girl, who's hand still held onto to her lower cheeks invitingly.

"A pretty little hole like that needs to get pork. What happened?"

What happened?!?! Maybe because James wasn't as sick and demented as
you
bastards, or was it because it was wrong. Her rectum had other purposes. A
tug
on her black mane brought her to full attention. He wanted an answer, but
she
had none.

"Saving this for me?" the old man hinted.

Still not getting it, the girl kept silent, hoping that he would just fuck her
in the dirty hole.

"I asked, are you saving your sweet little shit hole for my big cock!!!!??!?"
and tugged harder on her hair.

"YES! I'm saving my shit hole for your cock," she replied, repeating those
humiliating words.

"Aww, that's so sweet fuck face. You would have save your virgin cunt for
me
and boys too, if you weren't such a slut."

"Yes," she replied meekly.

"Well cunt, you did one thing right. I'm sure we'll enjoy your gift. Now ask
me nicely to do the honors."

"Please sir, would you please stick your manly cock into my virgin shit
hole."
she begged, sounding sincere, but dying over having to have said it.

Spitting onto his hand, Billy lubricated his prick, more for his own
enjoyment
than out of any consideration for the girl's comfort. Jeannie could feel the
tip of his cock head at her anal entrance. She remembered from one of her
medical courses, that bearing down on her external sphincter, as if she was
relieving herself, would make it easier. She tried hard to time the penetration
with her bearing down, as if taking a shit.

"ARGgghhhhaaaaaaaaaah!" the two voices merged. One was an animalistic
cry of
conquest and pleasure, while the other, equally primitive, was one of
subjugation and pain.

As he butt fucked her, he made her crawl. With each thrust, she took a
minute
step forward, until she reached the pile of urine. Her face was drowning in it.
A dirty slut was what Uncle Billy wanted to fuck, and Jeannie was exactly
that
for him. Her bowels hurt immensely, and she knew that there must be a
million
little micro-lacerations created by that pig's cock, as it kept stretching her
out, as he dug deeper and deeper into her. Finally, he came. She felt a warm
viscous fluid being deposited in her anal canal, and even that burned. A soft
plop could be heard, as Uncle Billy removed his tool.

His sex slave laid there quivering. Intermittingly, he could hear a sniffle.
Her hands were still there, exposing to her rapist the damage that he had
inflicted upon her. Her small anus agape, open, pink and inflamed, with
traces
of semen and blood trickling out of it. With a contented smile, Uncle Billy
slouched back into his chair. It was now his turn to watch.

Jeannie was left on the floor of the dark basement. Her arms were extended
and
tied around a long bamboo pole, leaving her breasts exposed and defenseless.
Her hair was tied back, and it was tethered to more ropes, that looped around
the same pole. This made it impossible for her to lower her face to hide her
shame. She had to look at her tormentor. To add to her discomfort, a bamboo
was wedged between her legs, right at her knee joint. The coarse rope
ensured
that the cruel stick would remain in place, as her lower leg was tied to her
thigh, and anchored by the free edges of the bamboo. This forced her to
kneel
with her cunt quite accessible and vulnerable.

Had she been bad? She hadn't utter one word, or refused an act, no matter
how
humiliating, after the "disciplinary session." So why was it that they were
doing this? Would James suffer a similar fate? She wanted to cry, but her
lacrimal glands would produce no tears.

For an entire day, she had heard the shuffling of feet, and the muted
conversations of her captors. Yet it wasn't until now, that she heard
footsteps.
She didn't know how to feel. Was she miserable enough to elicit sympathy?
Or
would they just come for some new torture?

She squinted her eyes but it wasn't until the man approached the small circle
of light in the middle of the basement, did she see who it was. Dressed in his
uniform, Officer Berg walked up to the Asian girl. Jeannie tried hard to
inspect him, given her limited movements. There was already a lump in his
pants.

Stretching her eyes as far as she could, she saw that he was holding in one
hand a small bag and a bottle of water, while in the other, he held a Digital
Video camera. Seeing her trail him with her eyes, he smiled, curling his
already curly mustache up into a stupid grin. He squatted in front of the girl
and touched her face, first gently, then rougher, pinching her cheeks.

"How's my little cock holder?"

Jeannie ignored the comment. Her eyes were focused on the bottled water.
"They've told me about your predicament," he said, cupping her tits, then
letting them fall. He opened the bottle of water and drank it, until his cheeks
were puffed out like a chipmunk. Pulling her hair back, until her body was
arched painfully back, putting immense pressure on her knee joints, that was
jammed by the bamboo stick, he sprayed the poor girl's face with spit and
water. Her tongue protruded from her small mouth to lick frivolously at the
water droplets that collected near her mouth.

The scene amused the sadist, and he began to slowly pour the rest of the
water
out, while Jeannie knee walked after it. Wetting his finger in the small pool
of water near the captive, Berg ran it over the girl's lips. Her tongue helped
with the process. When it was sufficiently wet, he pushed his crotch into her
face. She stared up at him.

"You want any more water, you'll work for it. Now show me how a cock
holder
acts."

"I can't," she whispered.

He looked down at her bondage and mercifully freed her hair, letting it drop
gracefully. She bent submissively forward, until she was able to bite gingerly
onto his zipper. His cock grew larger at the sight of the beauty, with her
pretty face buried into his pants. He could feel the tip of her nose brushing
against his thighs. She was trying desperately to grab a hold of his briefs.
Yes, she was doing a good job. He could feel the tip being slowly
swallowed.

Jeannie too felt the tip of his cock. She accepted it. Her lips wrapped gently
around the familiar tool. But she was surprised when she felt him move
backwards.

"Not yet." he said, "We're going to play a game."

He took from the bag a needle pillow studded with tiny needles that sparkled
as they reflected the light. His big clumsy hands pulled one out and showed
it
to her. It was four or five inches long. A sadistic smile crossed his face, as
his other hand gripped onto Jeannie's left breast.

"No sir. Please. No more. I'll do anything, really. N noooooo!
AhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHH!"

She reeled backwards, but B pulled her back by her left tit. Jeannie looked
down to see a needle sticking about a half inch out from her tit. Tears fell
anew, as she begged him to remove it.

"No no no darling. That's not the right attitude. It's part of the game. We'll
see how good of a cock holder your mouth is. If you can keep my little B
here
in that slut's mouth of your's, and get me off, you'll get to drink my cum.
Then I'll go get you some water, and we'll watch your favorite movie,
'Where's
James'. How's that sound?"

Jeannie, through her teary eyes, nodded energetically.

"Oh you're too eager slut. I haven't finished. If my cock slips out of your
mouth, I add another needle to your tit. Makes it more exciting. But if you
don't want to play, I'll just go back upstairs."

Jeannie was thirsty, and sooner or later, if she didn't move, she knew that
she'd die. Femoral embolism would kill her from her immobilized limbs.

"Well, if you want to play, then let's begin."

At first, he toyed with her. Putting his cock just centimeters from her face,
but as she lunged for it, he would withdraw a bit, so it was perpetually out
of her reach. The stupid game continued for some time, until lust got the
most
of him. Jeannie felt her knees getting bruised, as she knee walked her way
after the man's penis.

Officer Berg was amused. "I don't know why Billy and them boys need a
leash. I
can walk you with my cock. You're a cock hungry bitch, aren't you? Aren't
you??"
His laughter was both cruel and derogatory. Jeannie wrapped her lips tightly
around her teeth to avoid hurting the man whose cock she would just love to
bite off. Instead, she bit and sucked with her cushioned lips, afraid of the
consequences. PLOP!

She looked up wide-eyed. A grin appeared on the man's face, as he slowly
opened his eyes. "Ooooh, you were so good too. But lazy. Little B slipped
out."

Jeannie started stammering, but soon stopped. It was useless. And so it
continued, until she was too weak to knee walk anymore, and he was bored.
He
needed to blow his load. So he just stood there, with cock in his cock
holder's
mouth, as his free hands stabbed at her breast. She yelped and gasped each
time, until the last needle went in, and the man blew his load deep into her
throat.

Uncharacteristically, Berg helped wiped away the cum from her chin and the
tear stains from her face. "Please, take out the needles," the girl pleaded,
looking up at her master and god.

"Not yet. I need one more thing from you, and they'll keep you attentive."
From his pocket, Berg extracted a piece of paper, and held it to the girl's
face for her to read. "Memorize these lines, and read it to the camera."
Throwing it at the floor, he went to retrieve the DV cam. Turning it on, he
shouted, "Showtime!"

Jeannie stared into the DV cam and swallowed. This was the first time that
she
could communicate to James, but she wasn't even free to choose her words.
"Please James, do as they say, and I'll be safe. I'm okay. They've treated me
nice."

That was it. Her work was done. Berg smiled and went about freeing her
from her
bondage. "Take them out yourself, then go upstairs, and we'll watch a movie.
Your movie, and then you'll thank me. Right?"

"Yessss sir," replied the girl softly. Officer Berg took another bottle of
water and placed it on the ground in front of the girl, who was concentrating
on the task at hand. With unsteady hands, she gingerly plucked a needle from
her breast. She looked so sexy as she bit her lower lip, as she extracted
needle after needle from her mammary tissue.

It's hard to tell how James would have felt if he had seen his sweet little
angel, Jeannie, now. Would he be shocked and then be pleasantly surprised?
Or
would he be disgusted with herm like the way she was with herself?
Regardless
of the moralistic debate, a man could only have one physiological response,
when he took a glance at Jeannie. This was the response Taylor was
experiencing
as he eyed his fuck doll.

The girl was dressed in a form fitting one piece white tennis skirt. Taylor had
chosen the color well, for it accentuated her innocence. It was one of those
qualities that she never managed to lose, despite all the fucking. This was
both a blessing and a curse for her, as was her grace and class a compliment
to
her. Men like James admired and loved her for her modesty and her ladylike
demeanor. Unfortunately, she was in the hands of the depraved, and her
natural
charm engrossed them, only by reminding them of their own deficiency.
Thus, at
every opportunity, they had the need to lower her to their level, like now.
Dressing her like a whore and a fuck toy, made them feel better, like a glass
of ice water on a hot day.

Because of the tightness of the skirt, her tits were pushed together, and the
V-neckline helped expose, teasingly, the cleavage that formed from her
lovely,
rounded orbs. The material hugged her wispy waist like the men's hands. The
hem of the skirt ended high on her upper thighs, leaving bare her trimmed
and
toned quadriceps. Every bit of her attire was meant to seduce and to scream
out, "Slut walking by. Fuck me."

Taylor finished off the outfit with a pair of five inch heeled shoes. They
made her point her dainty little feet forward and forced her uncomfortably
to shift all 110 lbs of her small frame onto her toes, but more than that, they
compressed her Achilles tendons painfully. Yet it made a spectacular sight
out
of her calves. Her legs stretched endless up to her well used fuck box, their
fuck box.

Jeannie was well aware of the attention her outfit drew and this worried her.
This was to be her first time "whoring." No one had explained to her what it
entailed. Uncle Billy finally came to pick her up in his pickup.

For the first time since she had been taken to their house, Jeannie was out of
the house. It made her feel a little easier, though not much. Uncle Billy's
remark made her feel more anxious than its intended purpose. "We're starting
you off real slow sugar. I'm going to introduce you to some nice folks in
town
who never seen a slant eyed bitch before. They still think your slit's crocked
like your eyes."

Jeannie gave him her usual smile. She tried comforting herself with the
knowledge that this would mean sex, but the idea of entertaining a few racist
men made her nervous. The ride was short. In just fifteen minutes, they
arrived
outside a small, but dainty house.

"Collect $100 when you're done. Remember to be nice. I better not get any
complaints. I'll be back in the morning to get you."

Jeannie nodded and gave her pimp a peck on the cheeks. Then with slumped
shoulders, she walked toward the door. Uncle Billy lingered for awhile. She's
been obedient, he thought. The combination of electric shocking her tits and
the reward, or so she thought of the fact that they had allowed her to write
to her husband, reinforced their control. It was good. They were pleasing
their
partners down south too. He couldn't help but to smile, as he stepped on the
gas and drove off.

The man who opened the door was a middle aged man, who politely
introduced
himself as Jared, and invited her in. Once inside, she saw a room full of five
other men, all in their mid-thirties. They were all hard laborers. She could
tell by the way they spoke and act. Every word was shouted, and every
maneuver
was coarse. They were people whom she rarely interacted with. Yet tonight,
between them and her, there'll be more than just interaction. She would be
fucked by all of them, and by Uncle Billy's ominous words, probably "all
night."
This came down to less than $20 a fuck and less than $12.50 an hour
depending
on how it's viewed.

"Boys, meet Jeannie."

The men all stopped their activities, and ogled the Asian girl. Though the
men
were by no means in shape, they were big, even from a sitting position, she
could tell. Jeannie smiled nervously. She felt their eyes burn away at her
flimsy outfit. In fact, she felt ridiculous for having it on, though she knew
the point. It was to tease more than cover.

Taking her hand, Jared led her into the center of the room, and then stepped
back to admire his toy for the night. Yes, just as ordered. In the tennis
outfit, she really did resemble Jane. Even Joe felt so, as the other man
remarked, "Hey, in those clothes, she looks a lot like that other chink bitch."

"No, way finer. This one is hotter."

"Yeah, bigger tits."

"The other one was taller. But I like this whore better. At least she doesn't
look as slutty."

"Bitches moan just the same," commented another, as he gyrated his hips in
simulated sex.

Jeannie stood there, turning her head from man to man, as they made their
vulgar comments about her. They talked about her legs, her breasts, her ass,
and how well she fucked. It was dehumanizing, yet she was well trained by
now.
She knew that the men wanted a smiling whore, not one that cried, unless of
course, they wanted her to. So for the time being, she just smiled blankly.

"So, who's first?" someone suggested.

With her skirt tugged up, and her white lace panties dangling off one end of
her foot, Jeannie was lying on the coffee table getting fucked away. Her first
john was Jared. He was soft and gentle at first, but as he pumped into her, he
became more violent, to the point that he began biting and gnawing her
nipples
while threatening her. "I'm gonna tear you apart. Fucking bitch. Rip up your
pussy. How's that?"

All the while, the girl just stared up at the ceiling, grimacing each time she
felt his cock hit her cervix. This, however, was infinitely better than being
beaten or tortured. At least it was just sex, albeit violent sex. He finally
finished off, and another man took his place, moving Jeannie to a new
position.
This went on deep into the night. When the last man finished, he tossed his
condom over where his fellow john picked it up, and pour its contents into a
large bowl.

Jeannie, thinking the man was satisfied, was about to straighten up her
clothes
back into a resemblance of respectability, when Jared, who was
progressively
more vindictive, shouted at her. They had paid for the night, and they intend
to do whatever they want. Clothes for a slut were impermissible. "In fact,
take everything off, save those slut heels."

"You must be hungry china doll," commented a man.

She didn't notice it until he had mentioned food. Since leaving the ranch, she
had nothing to eat, and after the extracting performance, she was starving.
An
involuntary growling emitted from her bowels, and brought renewed laughter
to
the tired crowd. "Well, here's some bread and chips. Dig in."

She was glad that they were being slightly hospitable, and thanked them.
Tearing off a piece of bread, she stuffed it into her mouth and swallowed
greedily. The men laughed some more. Jeannie didn't mind, as long as she
was
fed. She was entertainment after all. As she reached for more, another fellow
named Ted pointed at a bowl, and said, "There's some fresh home-made
sauce.
It's great. Lots of proteins to go with the carbs."

Jeannie followed his finger to see a large glass bowl, with a murky
gelatinous
liquid in it. When they bought it closer to her, she recognized its content
from its odor and looks. It was a mixture of semen, spit, and urine. She
quickly placed both hands over her mouth to keep from vomiting.

"I want you to finish all the chips and breads. Like so," Jared demonstrated,
by dipping a piece of bread into the mixture, and offering it to her. When she
made no movements to accept it, Jared snickered, "College bitch, too good
for
our food, huh?"

This brought the room of drunk men into a rage. Some threw their empty
cans at
her, while others spit more into the mess. She stared into Jared's eyes, whose
pupils were dilated with anger, and the frustration of past rejections and
scorn. Jeannie wasn't just Jeannie the exotic whore, but a symbol of pain and
hurt for him. For the others, she was just a Chinese slut, not the Asian-
American girl who worked hard, and embraced the country for what it is.
She
was an outsider, strictly because of her heritage. In their minds, they paid
for her education, and now she was here to repay them. Her body and cunt
would
be the reception to all their hate. And just like that, her mind comprehended
her position and her mouth slowly opened to receive her food.

In the morning when Uncle Billy finally showed up and honked, Jeannie,
after a
few minutes delayed, appeared. As she walk down the front lawn, he could
tell
that her gait was unsteady. It must have been a long night. She got in. Her
small hand clutched tightly to a $100 bill like the way a child did his first
dollar from a successful newspaper delivery. She turned to her pimp and
handed
him the money, which he ungratefully pocketed. Her eyelids were heavy, and
she
seemed weak. There were light traces of semen around her mouth and chin,
but
otherwise, she was in good shape and showed no indication of abuse, just as
they had promised him. That was good. He'd call up Jared to hear the details
later.

It was the midst of summer, and the sun shone brightly. Things on the ranch
couldn't have been better. The place was tidier, given the feminine touch. At
night, the boys weren't as lonely, given the feminine companionship,
although
there would be occasional arguments as to whose turn it was to use the
female
bed warmer.

For Jeannie, her life had settled into routine. She cooked, clean, scrubbed,
and did all of the normal wifely duties, including seeing to her three
husbands
sexual needs. Once a week, she would be rented out for parties or special
occasions. She had never imagined a dingy town like this would have so
many
festivities. With her new profession, her wardrobe grew too. That was
another
surprise. She didn't fathom the depth of depravity in the world. Even the
youngest of the men who rented her out, who were at least 8 years her junior,
and yet the fantasies that she allowed them to enact were so sickening. But
the sickest of the lot was Grandpa Jones.

On the old man's 60th birthday, his male progenies rented her, and she came
in
a complete schoolgirl attire, plaid skirt and short sleeved blouse, with dark
black 5 inch heels. Needless to say, she was well used, but to play the part
of a teenager who screamed and beg the disgusted looking 60 year old
pervert
to spank and fuck her was incredulous. Could he really harbor such dark
fantasies? Do people even care?

As time went by, her owners, as they proclaimed outright now, allowed her
much
more freedom. They realized that she was more than just a sex doll, though
they
never admitted to it. She was able to help them do their finances, as she had
for her husband, amongst other things. So they brought her along with them
on
some of their business dealings, at least the legal ones. Despite her obvious
intellectual superiority, the men still objectify her. Even her business attire
was to showcase her sensuality, more so than her intellect.

For the men, she was extremely useful, because in their county, she provided
a
good bargaining tool. In many ways, she was their brain, and her body
helped
with the haggling. "Five percent discount. Be nice, and I'll be very naughty."
was a well used phrase for Jeannie now. The men wanted it, even gave her
away
sometimes for free, despite their ability to seal deals without such a need.
They needed to show her that she was just that, a cunt hole.

And so Jeannie continued to live in this paradox. Her reprieve was the 30
word
notes that the men allowed her to write to her husband. Often, they would
tell
her to write encouraging ones, forcing her to think whether he was in an
equally deplorable state. It was a testament to her strength, that she was
able to provide moral support for him, in spite of her new position in life,
as a sex pet.



BDSM Library










For James
Chapter 4
By Incomplete
dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net


Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists
but must endure it for the sake of her husband.
Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious


Disclaimer: Story contains themes of rough non-consensual sex, bondage and S&amp;M,
and is not intended for minors. All characters in the story as well as events
are fictional. This is merely a creative, erotic piece for your enjoyment.



Berg sat on the rocking chair on the porch of Uncle Billy's ranch. It was
blistering hot, and he sipped on the lemonade frequently. Through the dark
sunglasses, he could see the guests were all having a good time. The barbeque
was an annual event, and this year, with the addition of Jeannie, things were
more interesting. The men were now all familiar with the girl, more intimately
than she would have ever hoped. After all, they were her customers at one
time or another. Today though, they were her guests.

Befitting of a king, the hosts, Uncle Billy and his two nephews, sat back to
relax, while their slave girl shuffled about to accommodate the guests. Today,
Jeannie was a slave, in the literal sense of the word. Living out their
ancestral traditions, the men decided to put the poor girl in a rough cotton
dress. The dress, if it could be so described, was nothing more than rags that
barely covered her body. As she moved, she would lewdly display her feminine
charms to the lustful gazes of the men. Adding to that was her well oiled body,
that glistened under the sun's angry stare. Around her neck was a large iron
collar. She hadn't been in such bondage for a long while now, and was
extremely uncomfortable with the limited mobility caused by the wrist and
ankle chains.

"You know, it's time that we send her southward. There's pressure from both
ends," said Berg, as he casually sipped from the lemonade glass.

"I know, I know," Billy replied. He was saddened to have to part with the girl.
She was certainly the best fuck he had. Yet, she was indirectly causing
trouble. A young executive and his pretty and well accomplished scientist wife
couldn't just disappear without people looking for them. Additionally, the boss
down south had other plans for her. The job was at first scary and new to them,
but it paid well, with the added bonus of having the girl for so long. Like
all sweet dreams, this one wasn't to last all that long.

Uncle Billy stared off into the distant. Jeannie was pouring lemonade for
Mitch, while two pairs of hands were on her body, one under her flimsy top,
and the other under the hem of her skirt. The old man let out a sigh. "Oh well,
Berg. You staying for the night?"

"Nah, I'll come back Tuesday, and pick her up then."

"Well, I guess we'll have the goodbye fucks now. You can get it on your trip,"
Billy commented, as he stood up with an obvious hard-on. He waved a hand to
the party of men, as he approached his slave girl. In one smooth motion, he
pushed her against the table, and ripped away at whatever was left of the skirt
that hid her snatch. The men cheered and taunted, as the old man pumped away
at the smooth soft body of the tanned Asian girl.

Jeannie was in the car for two days now. She was sure that they were somewhere
mid-way through Mexico. The trip was uneventful, though she was rather
agitated. No one told her where she was going. Just when she settled into a
routine with the rednecks, suddenly she was transported into a foreign land.
She had tried to question B for answers, and all she was told was that she
would soon be reunited with her husband, unless of course, if she were to
misbehave.

There was no reason to doubt them, for when she arrived at some small town in
Mexico, a short, fat, middle-aged woman was there with a letter written in
James' hand to greet them with. As always, the message was short:

My beloved Jeannie,

I am well. Do not worry. My current job has been keeping me rather busy, but I
will try to write whenever the time (and they) permit. As always, I love you.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; James


Officer Berg leaned over to her ear and told her to be obedient. Maria, that
lady, was to bring her to her husband. With that, the man kissed her goodbye,
leaving the girl stranded. Surprisingly, the woman spoke English rather well,
even though the first words made it quite clear as&nbsp; to Jeannie's newfound
status, "Bitch, grab your things and follow me."

The old woman rummaged through Jeannie's bag of costumes. They were mostly
such things as cheerleader outfits and schoolgirl uniforms. There were her
lacy underwear and garters as well. Her face blushed involuntarily
nevertheless.

The older woman walked over to the girl, who in her heels, stood much taller
than the woman. She gripped a nipple and twisted it. Before Jeannie could move
her hand to defend herself, the woman slapped her hard. "You are with me now,
and we go by my rules until I deliver you to your husband."

"Yes ma'am," Jeannie said.

"Mistress," corrected the lady, "That's what slaves call their owner."

"Yes mistress," the girl repeated.

"Strip!"

This was a familiar command to the girl, and calmly she took off her clothes
for the woman's appraisal. As the fat woman walked behind her, Jeannie felt
the cool touch of a thin cylindrical object slide up her upper thigh, over the
curve of her buttocks, and onto her lower back. Involuntarily, goose-bumps
rose on her skin. Satisfied with the effect that the cane had on the helpless
girl, the woman patted the girl's buttocks softly, as the girl shuddered in
terror. No, she wasn't to mark the girl yet.

She walked over to a broken down couch and dropped her skirt, revealing a
bushy pussy. Maria caught the girl blushing. That made her juices flow even
more.

"On your knees bitch! Whenever you see a pussy or a cock, you're mouth has to
be ready. Do you hear me?" she said with a husky voice. Her Hispanic accent
made the command even more fearful, simply by being foreign. With the cane,
she lifted the girl's chin, making her look at her face and at her pussy.

"Ever licked cunt?"

"No, ma'am," Jeannie quickly replied, as if her hastened declaration would
save her.

"I'll teach you. For starters, bury your face here," the older woman said, as
she lightly touched her sex. Then in a loud, harsher tone she added, "Get to
it!" and gave the Asian girl a hard tap on the arm with the cane.

Immediately, the girl crawled over to the older woman and buried her face into
the pussy of the woman. It was repugnant, and a musky smell infiltrated her
nose. The smell was suggestive of the lack of cleaning. As if knowing what the
girl was thinking, Maria remarked, "I've been saving the cleaning for your
tongue."

She continued, "With one hand, spread my labia. Yes, that's right! Now lick
that lollipop bitch! Yes, slower, yes." She sucked in her breathe, as she felt
the warm, wet tongue slip over her tender bulb. The Asian girl was learning.
Like a mother teaching her child, the Mexican woman continued to give
instructions, "Now lick the sides. Yes. Good chica. Now with your lips. Suck
my lips. Uh huh, stick your tongue in. Penetrate it deeper. Deeper. Yes. Now
keep doing it. Alternate."

Maria was in paradise. The sticky cunt juice on Jeannie's face was a testament
to that. Between the lapping, the girl would occasionally lift her head up to
breathe, only to be pressed back down to action by the big strong hands of the
matron. Three hours and five orgasms later, both women were exhausted.
Jeannie's tongue was numb and extremely fatigued. The cunt penetration forced
her to use muscles from parts of her tongue that was previously not required.

Finally, the old woman sat up and looked at the sex slave on the ground.
Jeannie, despite her fatigue, knelt to action and awaited her instructions.
"Do you like cunts or cocks, whore?"

"Cocks," the girl blurted out, but quickly added "are what this slut is used
to. But I love your cunt ma'am." She tried her best to smile.

The old woman, on the other hand, smiled sincerely. This girl was trying to
be smart. "Well, that's good. Because you'll get both. Now go clean up slut,
and wait in the room for my hombre, Juarez. He'll give you all the cock you
want."

Juarez was excited to get home. He had spent the day at the local whorehouses
and clubs pimping. However, he had long received news of the transport they
were to run. He had even seen pictures of the girl. She was Asian. They had
told her that she was American, educated, and basically, the type that he
would never see, unless she was kidnaped here. An added bonus was the fact that
she was Chinese. In this part, the hatred for Chinese immigrants was as old as
whoring itself. The chinos came and worked hard. They integrated and moved up
in society. Then they hired back the natives. This made the locals mad. It was
in this culture that Juarez grew up in. Gringos and chinos were utterly
despised. He smiled at the thought. It was good that he hated them.

So today, he left early. As he entered the apartment, his wife, whom he
lovingly called baca behind her back, greeted him. She seemed especially happy.
"Dinner?" she asked in Spanish.

He waved her off. His mind had run through the scenarios, and he now wanted to
see her in the flesh. Seeing this, his wife simply pointed to the bedroom. He
practically flew over to the door, stopping to catch his breath before entering.
With one hand on the knob, he turned it slowly like a child unwrapping his
birthday present.

In the room, was the Chinese girl, Jeannie. She was in a black lacey bra with
matching panties and suspenders that held up her garter belt and black
stockings. Her slender body was tanned and lean, in striking contrast to his
wife's. Her perk breast rose with each deep, nervous breath.

Jeannie looked up at her new owner, who was practically drooling over her. She
was scared. She had been in such circumstances before, but that was still
nonetheless in the US. Now she was in Mexico. Things could go wrong, and if
they did, would there be help? She trembled when he held her up. His smile was
as crooked as his teeth. He smelled of cheap liquor and decaying meat, probably
still caught between his molars. Surprisingly, or not so surprisingly, as
Juarez marketed to American tourists as well, he gave his bitch a command in
English, "Kiss me, like you do your esposo."

Jeannie stared into the eyes of this lust-filled man. She put her mouth to his
and felt the stubbles scratch her delicate skin. She pressed on. His tongue
entered her, and with it, the smell of dead meat. She quickly withdrew and
gagged. Juarez was angry. Fucking Chinese whore. He grabbed her hair and back
handed her, sending the tiny girl flying onto the bed. Tonight, he would make
her pay.

With her panties around her neck and her bra misplaced under her tits, she was
kneeling by the side of the bed. Cum was in her hair, and cum was dribbling off
of her chin, while she gently nibbled at Juarez balls. His erect cock rested
on her face as she swallowed one of his balls, and teased it with her tongue.
She could feel some of his pre-cum being smeared on her face. Was she playing
the part of a loving wife as he demanded, or was she acting out her role as
the Chinese puta? She didn't know. All she knew was that the man wouldn't be
happy if her mind wandered away from the task at hand. So she never stayed
with one act for too long. To him, that was the sign of a mechanical whore, one
that doesn't think. He likes his whore to work her mind and body to please him
and his cock.

The girl began licking his cock. The base, then kissed the sides, the tip, and
finally, she took it in. All the while, her small hands, rested on his hairy
thighs. She wasn't allowed to use them. That was cheating. Cock sucking was a
whore's skill. If he wanted a good hand-job, his own would do. So Jeannie's
tired tongue was put to work again. Her lips wrapping itself around his cock,
trying to squeeze yet another humiliating spurt of cum into her mouth.


The next three days passed by in a haze for the girl. She was mentally and
physically exhausted. Seemingly without end, the woman and her husband used
her for all their sexual needs, taking turns raping her. On the third day, the
man brought home six or seven men, maybe more, to enjoy the rare Oriental
beauty's skills. Finally, after such rampant usage, Jeannie gave out, her mind
reeling into unconsciousness.

When she came to, she felt sore, but mentally refreshed. Surprised that she
wasn't awoken for her "laziness," she rose to the sound of bustling footsteps.
"Oh my little pet. Well rested I hope?"

"Yes ma'am," the girl replied weakly.

"Good, then shower and make yourself pretty. Mr. Rodriguez and Choco are
coming."

After reaching the dirty shower stall that smelled of urine, she turned on the
water. She felt the warm water run down her body, and saw the steam rise. She
pretended that she was home, and that this was one of those mornings before an
outing with her husband. Maria's voice jolted her back to reality. A rush of
adrenaline burst through her arteries. She realized the mistake that she had
made and quickly shut off the hot water. The cold water landed on her skin,
erecting her nipples. In her fatigue, she had forgotten the house rule. A bitch
never uses warm water. Cold was for her daily washing, and hot was used to
punish her.

She hurried up and finished. After a half hour, Jeannie looked almost brand
new. Standing in the middle of the room for her owners' appraisal was the
cute Chinese American. She was at the precipice of full bloom of womanhood, or
at least she should be. This was the time when a woman thinks of motherhood,
of her career, and be at the height of her beauty and confidence. Yet, what
stood before the two Hispanics was a stunning fuck doll, who tremored at the
slightest touch, and was burdened by the heavy threats of losing the one
person in her life that she loved most.

A knock at the door brought in a new man into Jeannie's life. He was a father
figure. A man with a brownish gray beard, a round pot belly, and a jovial
smile. At forty eight, he was at the peak of his career. Mr. Rodriguez, or
Senor R, was a procurer of flesh. Today, the flesh to be procured wasn't really
his, but he was entrusted with the task by reputation, and he needed to upkeep
it. With a cigar in hand, the man in the tacky green suit strolled in, and
with every lewd movement or uncouth gesture, an acrid smell of too much cologne
and too much cigar smoke filled the room's air with its pungency.

He too spoke English. The man took pride in that he had studied a full semester
at a junior college in the States. He was every bit an equal, if not superior
to this educated bitch. So the first thing that he did was to push the girl
into a more appropriate position. This allowed her to meet his friend, Choco.

The dog, unlike his master, was more calm. Not familiar with pets, Jeannie
couldn't make out what type it was, except that it had short light brown fur,
and that it was probably maltreated since its rib stood out prominently against
its skin. Otherwise, he looked calm, tired even.

Not bothering with speaking in Spanish, they spoke about the girl in English,
so that she could take in all of the humiliating details of the trade. "She's
to go south? To the plantations?"

"Yes. We give you $200 dollars for the transport."

"No, no, surely you can offer more."

"Look at her. She's a beauty. Fucks well, cock or cunt. Obedient."

"How many do you think that she can do a day?"

"40-50 maybe even more. She's young. She'll make the trip and earn you a
profit along the way."

The man look at her again, cupping her tits, and touching and probing her
inner holes. "$275." The deal was made. Yet there was one more thing. They all
knew it, except for Jeannie. To own a whore, they needed to make her the most
abject being in their possession. A girl like Jeannie, who was modest, smart,
and independent, needed to be brought down several pegs. Kneeling wasn't low
enough, especially not for a Chinese whore.

"Say hi to Choco," the man said.

The girl looked at the dog and greeted the dog, "Hi Choco."

"No bitch. It's 'Hi Sir."

Feeling foolish for doing so, Jeannie repeated herself with the correction.
Senor R continued, "Ask for what all sluts want."

Glancing up at him, the girl asked, "Please fuck me sir."

He smirked and shook his head. "No cunt. I am very selective. To be my cunt
hole is an honor that you have not earned yet. Yet I'm kind, and so is Choco.
Since you need a cock to live, I generously offer his. Beg Choco for it."

Jeannie's heart almost burst from her bosom. Wide-eyed with fright she shook
her head, "No. Please no. I'll fuck you. I'm very good. Sir, please!" then
looking at her previous owners, "Please ma'am, sir, tell him. Tell him I'm a
good whore."

Cruelly, the couple shook their heads. "She's a lazy slut. She'll make a good
doggie bitch, until she can learn respect."

"But I do!!! I respect my masters! Please!!!!!! I'll fuck anyone. All the time,
anytime. Please, just not the dog!!!" The girl was desperate. Her eyes darted
back and forth. There was no sympathy though. The three wanted a show and a
demonstration. They wanted to see her that last vestige and boundary of
humanity be muddled. What transpired next, surprised Jeannie, and to a small
extent her captors. For at that transient moment, nothing mattered more than
her escape. Even James was out of her mind. Grabbing an astray, she hit Senor
R on the head, and bolted for the door. Yet by the time she realized that it
was locked and started to fumble with it, a hand had wrapped itself around her
long black hair and yanked. She fell backwards onto the floor and a foot was
planted on her abdomen, ribs, and back in rapid succession. Finally, the dirty
sole of Senor R's foot was upon her throat, choking and squashing her slender
neck. She held still, watching the dark cold eyes of her irate owner. Though
he liked blood, Senor R didn't like to see his own. He motioned with his hands
and something was placed into it. He held it to Jeannie's panic stricken eyes.
A cattle prod lit up, sending sparks into the invisible air. A cruel smile
before she remembered the familiar kiss of electricity on her sensitive nips.

She flapped about widely for a few seconds, before another wave sent her back
into her mad frenzy. This continued despite her attempts to withdraw. There was
nowhere to run. Like a trapped animal, she sank to her knees and took the
abuse. Sooner or later, she thought, she would be electrocuted to death, and
that would be the end. However, it wasn't. Senor R finally stopped, but not
out of mercy. He had zapped the girl countless times, producing a fine layer
or perspiration on the girl's lithe body. She was really the best looking
non-white in his possession ever.

Sensing the benevolent act, the girl knelt and prostrated herself before her
master, with head touching the floor, she groveled, "Please sir. I'm sorry. So
sorry. No more. Please."

He stopped her. "Stand up." The stunned girl quickly stood. "Spread your legs.
Finger your clit, and show me what a good whore you are. I knew that all of
you Chinese cunts were whores. Now beg me to zap your clitty."

The girl fell back a step. This man was crazy. She glanced around hoping to
find another escape, but the zap of the prod killed the thought. Beaten, she
begged, "Sir, please zap my clitty."

"Why would I do that? Unless of course, you think you're our equal or even
better than us, that maybe you're not a slut. Oh I know, maybe you think you're
too good for Choco. He's been with me for 3 years now, a loyal friend. Yet you
would fuck anyone but my best friend???"

The girl shook her head, "No sir. I am not. I don't think that way."

"Then tell us, especially him, what you are."

"Sir, I am a whore of the worst kind. This dirty whore is the dirtiest filth.
This whore cunt is not worthy of Choco's cock. Please sir, let this whore cunt
fuck a dildo. A large 14 inch one, or a bottle, since this slut is unworthy.
Let me start there. Punish me, zap my clitty please."

"Don't worry. We're not the cruel. We'll start by your punishment, only so that
you'll remember it. Spread your nasty fuck lips."

ARHHHHHGhhhhhhhhAAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhh! The piercing scream rang for an eternity
as the girl thrashed about wildly as she fell back, banging her head on the
ground. Her hands instinctively cupped her tortured clit. It was the worst
pain she had ever felt. "Will you beg Choco to fuck you now?"

Without needing a repetition, Jeannie still rolling about quickly answered,
"YESYESyes..."


The girl sucked gently on the long protruded tongue of the beast. On all fours
with a dog collar around her neck, and leash attached to it, which Senor R was
holding. It was a sight to behold. The dog licked at her face, and she smiled
lovingly back. She returned the favor by licking around its large salivating
mouth. There was vomit on the ground, from when she vomited, but she promised
that she would lick it back up. For now, she was too horny, and too much of a
doggy slut. She begged her masters and Choco, to let her fuck Choco.

Her hands, as taught by the well experienced instructor, Senor R, to reach back
for the canine's hidden cock. Stroking it sensually, she begged the dog to
allow her to suck his member. She begged and begged, until finally the dog
barked its accent. Before that, she had thought that it was a mute, or that
even it was taunting her. She vomited for a second time, when her lips sucked
at the animal's cock. His clear fluid discharge squirted onto her face, as she
sucked, feeling the organ enlarged. Finally, she pleaded with her dog husband
to consummate their unholy union. She had five minutes to seduce the dog into
barking, or she would be zapped yet again. Luckily, seconds before her allotted
time was up, the dog accented.

Senor R extracted from his pocket a small vial, and smeared its content on her
cunt, or as Maria joked, Choco's bitch cunt. The dog walked over, licked it,
and then instinctively mounted her. Her face was a contradiction, just like
the dog/human fucking. Tears streaked her doggy cum stained face, while a
protective smile remained on her face. An endless progression of tears rolled
from the corner of her eyes, as she stared up at the cracks in the sealing,
while rocking back and forth with each thrust.

Her mind retreated, just as her dignity had receded. There wasn't any dignity
left, she'd now do whatever they wanted, including having sex with animals.
She wasn't even worthy of James anymore, or any man for that matter. She's a
dog's whore, and had to beg for it fuck her no less. The only thing stopping
her from killing herself, was the fact that she still loved James. As long as
that remained, she would endure. All these thoughts weren't transparent to the
eyes of the pleased owners of this doggie bitch. What they saw was a horny
slut, desperate to fuck a dog.

The dog's fuck bone spread and tore at the human bitch's cunt. Choco was a
killer, panting endlessly, pumping eternally. Even this beast had never had a
better fuck, and probably felt the effort that the dog whore put into pleasing
him. Her cunt walls contracted, as cruel Senor R instructed, "Squeeze that
worthless cunt. Milk your hubby's cock. Kiss him back, yes? Lovingly hug him.
Raise your legs."

The petite beauty's leg, still with the heels on them, wrapped themselves
around the furry back of her assailant. Finally, the dog came, and a gush of
doggy semen rolled forth from her cunt. The dog collapsed onto the human bitch.
She was a bitch mattress for the beast. She smelled his bad breath, which was
as bad as the men's. Patiently she waited for the knot inside her to shrink.
Tears still fell from her eyes, but she was also smiling.

"Kiss him, and thank him "

Gently, like a wife would, she kissed the dog, licked it even. Then as softly
as possible, she whispered into her animal lover's ears, "Thank you Choco.
Thanks for fucking me."

With dog cum on her face and even more leaking from her pussy, the Asian cunt
was collared and leashed and on all fours like her new man, Choco. She thanked
her previous owners for their hospitality, and crawled after her new one. Men
stared at her, as she crawled into the awaiting van. Choco, climbed onto the
only other available seat in the van, while Jeannie, the dog whore, laid on
the floor. Senor R's feet rested on her body, as if they wanted to trample her
even lower into the ground. The tears that started never did stop. Her hair
was in disarray, and she wasn't really sure whether she was human any longer,
or really a dog bitch. It didn't matter much now.

"Do you love me?" R asked.

Lifting her head, the cunt looked up, nodded, then replied, "Yes. I love you
sir."

"What about Choco?"

"I love him too."

"Everything about him?"

"Everything."

"You'll drink his piss and eat his shit?"

The girl thought for a moment then broke down into a soft sob, but even at
that state, she knew her place and replied, "Yes master. I love Choco so much.
I'll eat his shit, and drink his piss. Maybe one day sir, this dog slut would
be worthy of your marvelous cock." As she said so, she clutched at the feet
of her owner.



BDSM Library










For James
Chapter 5
By Incomplete
dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net

Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists
but must endure it for the sake of her husband.
Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious

Disclaimer: Story contains themes of rough non-consensual sex, bondage
and S&amp;M,
and is not intended for minors. All characters in the story as well as events
are fictional. This is merely a creative, erotic piece for your enjoyment.


Doggie bitch was a real fitting name for Jeannie. She wasn't being raped by
humans anymore. Senor R took her on the road, and each time there would be
a pero show. She would fuck Choco, dressed humiliatingly in a white suspenders
and garters to signify their relationship. Afterwards, R would take her home.
No man would fuck such a disgusting doggie bitch, or at least so she thought.
In fact, the local populace was often sexually ignited by the sight. Jeannie,
despite her ill treatment, was still extremely attractive and clean. Her
animalistic sex act only spurred the men's carnal desire for her more. Yet, to
her owner, who wanted to accentuate her worthlessness, he never allowed her to
even touch human cocks. So each time, the doggie bitch performed
enthusiastically, trying and hoping to earn the honor that she once had, of
being raped by a human pricks, no matter how vile or disgusting the man was.

Back at home, she was literally lower than Choco. She had promised to eat his
shit and drink his piss, and Senor R made good on that promise. She even
cleaned the dog's anus, carefully licking any debris left. She was lower than
low. Yet, she was also excited by one thing, seeing James. The last letter,
which the greater power that now controlled her fate allowed, mentioned that
in a few months, she would be reunited, more or less, with James. So she held
out.

"So how's Choco's fuck bitch doing?" taunted R, as he saw the girl carefully
cleaning her lover's ass with her small tongue.

She quickly swallowed the foul tasting decrement and replied, "Fuck bitch is
well sir " she wanted to continue, to ask whether she could be elevated to
being a whore.

As if reading her thoughts, the man replied, "You've been good. I'll tell you
what, you can be my human bitch. You know crawl after me, eat my shit, drink
my piss, and fuck men for me, to make me rich."

The girl was ecstatic. She hugged the man's feet and kissed his house slippers.
And so her new life began. Senor R had prepared a special chair for the
occasion, and he would use it often. The chair resembled a training toilet,
with a hole in the middle. After shitting, he would go sit down in the chair,
and read a paper, while Jeannie would crawl under the finely engineered piece
of furniture and lick away. His hairy ass never disgusted her, neither did his
occasional passing of gas in her face. When he would fart in her face, he would
then make her take a deep breath, to fully take in his essence. Instead of the
doggie shows, Jeannie now whored.

On weekdays, she would prowl the tourist places, because she didn't know the
native language. Horny gringos would jump at the chance to find a perfect 10
Chink bitch and fuck her. And she always gave full service. Her ass plundered,
her cunt used, and her mouth fucked until her jaws were sore. However, Senor R
didn't have her just servicing foreigners, on weekends, he would take her to
factories, docks, or mining camps, where the local men worked. She would be
their cheap whore, for the men to take their lust out on. For less than a dime,
she would fuck any man. This was her pro-bono work.

All the while, Senor R never laid a hand on her. She began wondering whether
the man was interested in women at all. Today she would know. It was her off
day, and while doing her laundry, Senor R came in. Immediately she fell at his
feet. Surprisingly he lifted her up, and sat her down on the couch! This was
the first time that she had sat in his presence. He looked gently into her eyes
like a father would, and then asked, "Do you want to be mine? My fuck slut, my
cunt pet, my slant eyed bitch?"

Jeannie didn't know what to say. What did this man want from her? She was his.
This was a needless tirade. Those words no longer humiliated her so she
responded, "Yes sir. I am honored if you would allow this human bitch to be
your fuck slut, your cunt pet, your slant eyed bitch, or whatever you think
this worthless bitch slut is worthy to be."

He kissed her lips gently. It was a light kiss, as a lover would. Her training
told her to kiss the man back, but she didn't know how to reciprocate love.
Sex was easy, but not love. It was withheld. He put his hands on her bare
thighs and moved it up to her sex. She spread her legs, as she always spread
her legs for a man. Rape no longer applied with Jeannie. She was accessible to
all. "Tell me what you want to do to be my private cunt."

And so Jeannie did. All the things she had ever learned not to say or do,
because it wasn't proper, nor lady-like, she said. All the abuse the men ever
put on her in the past year, she used on herself. She wanted to be a play thing
for just one man. She felt really dirty and cheap. Senor R was right on, when
he told her that, "Being my fuck toy, fucking what I want, whom I want, is
always better than the alternative. Maybe you can even salvage some pride
before seeing James." This was her way to becoming closer to being human. A
mistress for man might be like being a human sex doll, but human nonetheless.
She would be owned by a man, not a dog, or some invisible mass of horny
deprived workers.

Thus, that night, Jeannie gave Senor R all she had. Every trick, every move,
every position, everything was put forth, to earn the privilege of being the
man's whore.

It was extremely distracting for the two men to be talking business with Senor
R, when a gorgeous petite Asian girl was kneeling between their thighs. On her
slender frame she wore a dark red, one piece, silk dress. The shoulder straps
were hair thin, and the hem was exceedingly short. The smooth shiny material
flowed over her body like a waterfall, reflecting the light with utmost
eroticism. Her bright red silk panties peeked out at the men shyly, while her
dark black hair was tied up in a bun. On her small feet were tall 6 inch red
heels, that enhanced her slender legs even more. Yet they wanted to see her
angelic face, but it was buried in the crotch of the older man.

The expected sound or head bobbing never came. Instead, she just knelt
there, with her tiny hands on the man's naked thigh. Noticing the men's
attention, Senor R said, "Gentlemen, I hope you don't mind my darling here.
She loves me too much. Don't you?"

Without turning around, the girl nodded slowly and carefully. "She loves my
cock you see. I think in a previous relationship, she had the name, Cock Holder.
I like that name. Don't you?"

She nodded again. Senor R continued, "So I even gave her a gift," pointing
to something on the ground. It was a medium sized penis gag and on the base
was her nickname inscribed on it so that when her mouth was seductively
stretched with the device, her name could be made out by anyone looking.
"This way, when she's not holding my cock, she can still fill her slut mouth
with a cock."

The men, not knowing what else to do, could only smile their approval. During
dinner, the meals were lavishly prepared by whom they believed was Senora R.
With the penis gag in her mouth, she drooled consistently, wetting the front
of her dress. Each man wished they could replace the gag with their own meat.
However, they feared Senor R, and could only steal a passing glance each time
she strutted in with the food.

While the men ate, the girl sat with another sexual object. A long fleshed
colored dildo was placed on her plate. Her mouth was now freed, and expertly
she let some of her spit fall onto the flesh, then with her hands, she massaged,
stroked, and then sensually sucked at the object. Beside her was a glass of
water, which she reluctantly drank from time to time, as reminded by her master.
Unbeknownst to the men, Jeannie was never allowed to to piss or shit without
Senor R's permission. So the extra intake of fluid was torture to her. She also
wasn't allowed to ask for permission to relieve herself either. It was only at
his whim that he allowed her to do so.

Another secret shared by the master and his whore, was the egg shaped vibrator
lodged deep within her feminine folds. Senor R held the remote, and whenever
it pleased him, would send her into wave after wave of stimulation, but never
enough for her to climax. She was to please him, not herself. As he ate, he
saw the men look at the strange sexual display. Smiling he explained, "Do you
think that my lovely wife has a nice body?"

The two men lustfully agreed.

"Do you think that she's born with it? It must come from proper diet and
exercise. So she eats sparingly, but drinks plenty of fluid. Right honey?"

"Yes my love," replied the sex slave, pretending to be his wife.

"What's this diet of yours called?"

"Slut fest," she giggled at the self-degrading humor.

The two guests were besides themselves, seeing the tiny nympho continuing to
play with the dildo, as if it were the only thing in the world that mattered.
Was this Chinese bitch really that horny? They wanted to fuck her pussy raw,
and put the slut out of her misery.

"H-hhow did you guys meet?" asked one of them.

The older Senor R gave a self-content smile, and his eyes rolled upwards. He
the softly, like recounting a tale of first love, said, "We were both animal
lovers. I think Jeannie loves dog el amor del perro, right?"

If there was displeasure, it was evident in that short flash, when Jeannie
dropped her smile for a mere millisecond at the mention of dogs, bringing back
memories of just a mere month ago, when she was living her days betrothed to a
dog and servicing it. Then she quickly reclaimed her composure and replied,
"Yes, I loved dogs. They're so adorable."

The conversation went on to various subjects, and the guests politely involved
the woman. To their surprise, and contrary to their prejudice, she wasn't some
dumb whore, kidnapped from Asia, but rather a very intelligent woman. Yet she
always spoke reservedly, and always deferred to her man. The dinner continued
with the men speaking in their own tongues about business, while the slave
mistress played with her "food."

"Are you full honey?" Senor R asked.

Jeannie looked at her man and knowing the cue, she replaced the gag into her
mouth and cleaned up for the man. Her long slender legs were a sight to behold,
as she strutted back and forth. Knowing the erection his wife had caused in
his business partners, he asked them one final question, while she was away
washing the dishes after dinner.

"I saw you two staring at her legs. What won't a man give to have her wrap
them around him?"

Wife, fuck toy, mistress, slave, toilet whore, and many other things were part
of Jeannie's job description. Her one respite, was that she was no longer
required to wear the cock gag. Not out of mercy by any means, but because she
developed TMJ from her constantly extended jaw. Senor R cruelly joked, "Stop
sucking so many dicks, and maybe it'll heal."

Good times usually pass by swiftly, and so after three months, the procurer
prepared for his divorce from his play toy. The ceremony was rather painful.
Despite being on her best behavior, Jeannie was tied at the foot of the bed,
with her hands spread wide and lashed around the bed posts, just as her leg
were. Her B-cup breasts, that were so ample for her small frame, hung
invitingly, and Senor R saw no reason to refuse. With cattle prod in his hand,
he zapped at her tits, watching her twist and fight at the bonds. She pleaded,
asking for the reason for her punishment, and begged. In the end, she just
screamed in pain.

Finally, after being drenched in sweat, the man explained, "I want you to do
two things from now on. Love and adore General Rio, as you have me, or you'll
suffer a million times worst. Second, I want you to remember me forever." And
so he drew another scream from the girl before finally untying her. Looking at
her sweat drenched body, the old procurer asked, "How are you going to thank
me? Come say your final goodbyes."

Jeannie, with the remainder of her strength, crawled into bed with the man.


The road through the jungle leading to the compound where her husband was being
held was brimming with vegetation. Along the bumpy dirt road, she could hear
the warning calls of nature, as if even the animals knew of the terror that
lied deep within. Her heart fluttered. She was both apprehensive and excited.
How long had it been? It must have been almost a year.

Intermittently, she could hear gunshots, and perhaps even shouts. It was hard
for her to trust her own judgment, given the state she was in. Her confidence
had been all but shattered. This proposed another problem. How should she face
her husband? Was she even worthy to put her dirty mouth on his?

Not knowing when she dozed off, she awoke later in the afternoon. Before her,
in the midst of the jungle was a large compound, guarded by skinny, desperate
men. This fact was terrifying to her, given the automatic rifles that they
possessed. Luckily, the vehicle didn't stop. The distance between James and
her was closing, and somehow, uneasily, she felt that so was that of her
freedom. As the jeep trotted and bumped its way into the bowels of the
compound, more scenes of beauty and terror presented itself.

Along the jungle vista were gardens, ponds, and Spanish styled houses. They
were a testament to a different time, a more tranquil place. The scene of
native women, in their dark skinned nudity, hanging, tied to poles, or tethered
to the ground, were like the imaginations of a dark, mad man. Their skin wept,
hanging from them like loose, bloody rags. Jeannie had her share of whippings,
but what type of whips, and for how long were these women under its abuse in
order to cause such a devastating result? Jeannie shuddered at the thought.

Finally, the road opened up to a large, grand mansion. There were, as expected,
armed guards. When she alighted, she was greeted by a most disgusting man. He
was in his mid-fifties, short and round. He had a curly mustache and a bald
head, which he did not bother to hide. The remaining hair on his head wrapped
around his thick skull like a grotesque headband. He held a cigar in one hand
and his free hand was tucked straight into his pants.

"General Rio!" Senor R greeted the all important man.

The man however paid him no heed. His attention was on the Asian girl. She was
wrapped in a thin skirt, that twirled around her hips and legs like a spiraling
staircase. On one side, her thigh lay completely exposed, showing the thin
strap of the lacy underwear she had on underneath. Her top was equally
provocative, as it was nothing more than coarse shirt with frilly edges, that
gave the appearance of decay and wear. It clung tightly to her around her
bosom, and the neckline plunged to reveal her ample orbs' upper and lower 
surfaces, while it lacked the threads to cover her midriff. So the result was
every curve of her body was on display. Her smooth skin had a light coffee
tanned appearance and tracing it around from where the very lower tit flesh's
surface began, to where her lower back met her rounded buttocks, was that
sought after curvature, a result of strenuous exercise and good genes. The
girl would make a perfect fuck pet.

Customarily for man of his stature, General Rio was a gentleman. He had to
lead the lady inside. With a wave of his hand, which by now had freed itself
from his bulging privates, a towering black man appeared with a choke collar,
and an extendable leash. He fastened the object of slavery tightly around the
girl's neck, and handed the leash to her owner.

Satisfied at this display, the General waved off Senor R, and proceeded to
walk his new pet into his studies.

Silently, the slave girl stood in front of her owner, and once more, like meat,
was appraised. The man, with big hairy hands motioned for her to sit on his
lap. General Rio was perhaps the best connoisseur of female flesh in the
Southern Hemisphere. Feeling the soft body of the tiny girl melt into his was
heavenly. Her lightly scented body and smooth skin greatly enhanced her charm.

His hands were as swift as his words, as they parted the flimsy clothing that
covered her tit meat. All the while he questioned the new girl, "What's your
name?"

"Jeannie sir."

"It's master now. From here on out, you're mine. Forever." He informed her, as
he twisted, pinched, and flicked at her nipples.

"Forever master?"

"Yes my little fuck slut. The women you saw on the way here. They were my
mestiza servant girls, fuck slaves, the whole lot. Some I got bored with,
others misbehaved, and some just got too old."

Jeannie involuntarily jumped at the thought. Afraid that her new owner would
misinterpret that as a sign of disgust or withdrawal, she bit her lower lip in
simulated ecstasy. A fitting movement, since the general had his hands on her
slit, roaming and feeling its contour. He wasn't to be fooled however. "Don't
be afraid. They were second rate fuck meat. You are grade A bitch material.
Something that is very hard to acquire. I will not part with you so easily,
but if you misbehave, your end would be infinitely worst. Be an obedient cunt
hole, and you will get to spend time with your loved ones."

"Thank you master." To show her appreciation, the girl reached under her dress
and slid off her undergarment.

Like Senor R, General Rio hung the material around the girl's neck, like some
obscene fetish that the two sadist shared. His rough callous hand brushed
cruelly at her tender flesh. Her love knob swelled from his touch, as he rubbed
and also pinched it between his nails. Jeannie knew from experience that
begging would be frivolous. Instead, she gave him what men wanted to see.
Arching her back, she let her mane hang, while her long slender neck bent
backwards until it was near the ear of the powerful man, and she let out just
one, ever so gentle, girlish yelped. The general was very pleased. With two
fingers, he penetrated her sex, feeling its warmth and softness. Yes, she was
a man's delight. Grade A fuck meat. He worked feverishly, jabbing and poking
at his new toy. She parted her legs more, despite the pain, and in spite of
her body telling her to remove the intruding fingers.

In contrast to his maddening hands, his voice was calm and patient. "James has
been well. He's been a very useful man."

"Thank you master."

"You love him?"

"Yyyessss," she moaned in a seductress' voice.

"You love me?"

"Yessss, of course mast..." her voice trailing off in a fake climax.

"How can you love two men?"

"A slut loves cock. Jeannie is fuck meat," she said, gasping for breath.

"I love a loyal slave. But now that you are here, and live under my roof, I
think we need to give you a new name, to signify your new beginning. What can
you think of?"

Jeannie searched through all the names given her, but none suited her new
owner. Finally, in a childishly enthusiastic tone, he said, "How about Cunt
tits? It helps you remember what you have, and what you need to do with them.
Why won't you tell me your name, just so that I don't need to get it tattooed
or branded on you."

"Master, this bitch is Cunt tits. Cunt tits is your slut."

The general laughed heartily. It was loud, boisterous, and demanding, much
like the man. Suddenly, he pushed her from him and stood up. The greeting
ceremony was over, and it was now the time to taste her cunt and see tits.

He pushed her against his table. Like true professionals, both played their
roles well. The slave girl, without further instructions, sat back, spread her
legs, and slightly arched her no so private fuck box. Her aggressor lifted her
skirt material, over her head, revealing first the Chinese cunt, then tits.
Jeannie tried to reach for the material to take it off. The material, though
light, would surely impede her breathing. She knew the sex act would take a
lot out of her, and she wanted to be fully oxygenated. However, a hand
stopped.

"Cunt tits," she heard the man callinh out her degrading name, followed by a
laugh. "This is what you are. A uhgg..fucking .tight ugghhhh cunt." he muttered,
as he slammed his cock into her pussy. His hands, however, didn't leave her
tits alone either. He mauled and pulled them, using them like he would, and
should use her slim waist, as leverage for his next brutal thrust.

Jeannie grunted with each thrust, whether in pain or in pleasure, no one knew
nor cared. What hurt her more, wasn't being raped, at least physically
brutalized but rather the humiliation of having to pretend to enjoy being
raped. She continued to wonder how these men knew what hurt. Splayed across a
man's desk, she was literally cunt and tits. Her pretty little face and smarts
were nothing to these people, and nothing was more indicative of this than
having her own skirt covering her face, while her most precious feminine parts
exposed, only to be fucked and abused.

He was about to cum. She was very good at judging these things now, and so
she thrust back against his cock, and tried her best so squeeze his tool with
her cunt muscles. She wanted him out of her, and she knew that the quickest
way to do this was to make him cum.

"Ugggghhh!" His brutish grunt ended with a long, exasperating sigh. She was a
great fuck. But did she really cum? How did her cum face look like? He was
curious. He could see her little cock sucking mouth suck in air. The fabric of
her dress moved in and out with each life preserving breath attested to that.
He wiped the dribble of cum that was on his thick cock onto her thighs, and
gave her a few quick slaps.

"Tonight, you meet my associate James. I'm sure you two will get along fine."


James Lee sat uncomfortably at one of the larger rounded tables in one of the
General's entertainment/reception room. He was very much an outcast and stood
out from the rude, animalistic figures around him. Instead of a military
uniform, James wore dress shirts and slacks, like he would have back in the
States. His youthful face, that once had a trademarked calm, now clearly showed
agitation. He was looking around. The room was full of men speaking in a
foreign tongue, and if English was spoken, it was dotted with a thick accent
and peppered with profanity.

He should be happy, just like the men around him. The multimillion dollar
delivery was a success, and in his days as the youngest senior level managers
at his import/export firm, this would be a joyous occasion. The difference now
was that his talents, connections, and knowledge of the trade routes were put
to use for these parasites of society. He was trading in unnamed terror and
unspeakable depravation. Nonetheless, there was still something to be
celebrated. Tonight, for the first time, he was promised his wife, in the
flesh.

Deep inside, the emotions were mixed. He wanted to see her, and yet, he feared
the worst. To have Jeannie Lee, would be to corrupt and taint the most purest
thing he had ever laid eyes on. But in his rational mind, he knew what all men
knew. His wife was very attractive, and if someone this powerful were able to
separate and reunite them, that person wouldn't stop at just that. James Lee
was right, and General was about to prove it to him.



BDSM Library










For James
Chapter 6
By Incomplete
dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net


Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists
but must endure it for the sake of her husband.
Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious


Disclaimer:&nbsp; This story is a work of fiction and includes adult situations and
extreme acts of sexual depravity, including rape and torture. It is intended
for adults only. If you are under the age of eighteen or, in some jurisdictions,
twenty-one, do not continue past this point. If you desire to read on, it is by
your own choice and responsibility as a free adult in a free society. All
characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living
or dead, is purely coincidental. The author does not condone any non-consensual
sexual activity in the real world. This is fantasy, not reality, and it should
stay that way.



There was a loud uproar, and James instinctively turned his head towards the
make-shift stage. General Rio slowly appeared. He tapped the microphone a few
times before starting.

"My brothers," (cheers) "we have just accomplished what the government has
tried to prevent us from doing. We have survived and lived." (more applause
and cheers) "Those dirty politicians who condemn us, and milk the very blood
from our bodies, will never get a penny more from us. Thanks to our new comrade
here."

The men all turned their eyes to James.

"As such, I would like to present him with a just reward. I hope this will
motivate the rest of you to do better and try harder. We will not be coerced
by the officials to pay more in bribes!!!"

The crowd went absolutely wild. After soaking up the cheers, the General, with
a simple wave of his hands accomplished what few can do without a brutal fight,
and completely silenced the men again. He clapped, and appearing from nowhere
stood a woman in a pair of black high heels and a revealing evening dress. She
wore no jewelry, save for a black leather collar, and a bright metallic leash
that hung at her mound.

The General whispered a command into her ear, and she blushed. Stripping was
natural for her now, and any sexual act, no matter how depraved, was second
nature. However, knowing that her husband was here, and watching her, made
her feel uncomfortable. Yet she had to obey, and slowly she peeled away her
clothing. The catcalls and whistles increased to a feverish pitch. She ignored
them, and all the while tried as best as she could, to direct her gaze
downwards.

James had already recognized the woman. It was Jeannie. Yet he controlled
himself. This world belong to an evil god, and both he and his wife were at
his mercy. The General grabbed the leash, and woman fell onto all fours. When
dressed, she was a slut, a whore, a fuck toy, and Cunttits for men. When she
was naked, she was a bitch and so naturally, she crawled. She had been trained
to do this by her lord and master.

"James, my friend, you have done well. I'm sure you know how to make use of
this gift." he said, as he handed the leash to James.

With unsteady hands, James accepted the leash, and whispered in a cracked
voice, "Thank you."

Jeannie crawled all the way to James quarters. Once inside, James immediately
enveloped his loving wife, but she pushed him away. She shuffled into a ball
into a corner. When he walked closer, she shouted, "NO! Please don't touch me.
I-II-I'm not worthy. I'm not who I used to be "

"Honey, I-"

"James look at me! I've done very bad things I I..." she started to say, but couldn't
continue.

Both of them were crying. He hugged her, despite her feeble attempts to push
him away. "It's okay," he soothed continuously. "I'm here now. You're safe
now."

"I'm, James, I'm a whore." she finally got out.

"I love you," James stammered, before she was allowed to finish.

That night, Jeannie had sex for the first time in almost a year. It wasn't
rape nor blackmail. She let herself go, and for the first time, she was able
to completely let her emotions run wild. The result was several long orgasms.
The other men who had raped and abused her were able to manipulate her body,
but they were never able to free her mind, body, and soul like James did. She
loved him, and only him.

That morning, the young couple sat in one another's arm for a long while,
before finally departing for the General's chambers. Jeannie had dropped to
her knees before entering, to avoid angering the sadistic beast. When he saw
James, who reluctantly led his wife like a pet bitch, the General smiled.

"James!" he shouted.

"Thank you, sir," replied the young man.

The old man's smile widened. "I've been thinking James, that since you've
been so kind to me, I need to do more. From now on, she will be off the pill.
I want you to have a child. For now, I'll take care of her until you return.
This way," he said, as he took control of the leash with a harsh yank, "the
slut won't go fooling around. She will get her share, but under my supervision.
I want to make sure the child is yours." The man gave James a sickening wink.
"Go on now and get packed. Jorge will go with you this time."

With that, he led Jame's bitch wife out with him. James kept a smile on his
face the entire time, until the man was out of sight. Then suddenly, with all
of his might, he smashed his fist against the wall, frightening even himself
with its force and brutality.

Jeannie Lee's well oiled body glistened seductively under the dim light. She
laid on top of a long table. Her long toned legs looked even longer strapped
into the 6" black stiletto shoes. For the moment her legs were slightly spread,
and her back arched, as one of her hands covered her sex. The other hand held
an 8" dildo, that she inserted into her mouth. Each time, her lips wrapped
tightly around it, loud slurping noises could be heard intermittently between
her moans. Like a wanton slut, she masturbated herself while she sucked on the
dildo.

The General sat on his bed. His naked hairy body was exposed, but his cock was
limp. It was the whore's job to get him up again. Fucking her all day was
taking a toll, and he wondered whether he needed a little help from the doc.

"Spread those legs a bit further." and she complied. "Show me that cunt!" and
again she did as he asked. "Fuck yourself with the dildo!" he demanded, but
when she went to stick it into her cunt, he corrected, "No, in your ass slut."

One by one, Jeannie obeyed those commands like a remote controlled fuck toy.
She was gasping for breathe as she tried hard to relive her night with her
husband, but it was difficult, as she was forced to stare at the fat man. Her
cunt was juicing up due to her intimate caressing, but she was unable to cum
naturally or convincingly. The man's cock was still semi-rigid. Not until a
long while later, when she was compelled to talk dirty to the man, did he
become hard again.

"Oh please, daddy. Fuck my useless cunt. Yes, soooo good." she said, continuing
to talk dirty, as her soft cunt flesh enveloped, vacuumed, and milked his fifty
year old cock. General Rio looked up at his private whore. Her tit flesh, two
golden orbs, perched invitingly on her chest. He grabbed them with his hands
and squeezed them. Jeannie wanted to defend herself from this assault, as she
felt his paws tighten around them, almost crushing them. Yet she kept her hands
behind her head, while her hips continued to grind painfully on his thick cock.

He lifted her and threw her onto her side. One of her long slim leg was thrown
over his shoulder, as he split her cunt wider. She was now on all fours like a
bitch. Her hands moved to her back, lying flat on the bed. He grabbed her arms
and lifted them straight up, so as to put tremendous pressure on her elbows
and shoulder joints. "Bark!" he shouted.

"Woof wooofwoooooof!" she barked with each thrust. Despite the humiliating
scene, it was also the most fitting. The scene of a powerful older man raping
a young woman less than half his age was as brutal as it was animalistic. And
in this part of the world, there was only one alpha male, and that was General
Rio.

Barracks A looked structurally like a very long, large barn. It was located
about a mile from the large estate of the General. Here, it housed "La Guardia"
or The Guards. These were a group of 30 or so men that comprised the General's
personal bodyguards. They were his very best men, which also meant they were
his cruelest.

Inside, there were amenities that few other barracks had. The long sleeping
area was lined with 30 or so cots, where the men would lay each night to
reflect upon what cruelty they had failed to, but should have committed that
day. A little further in was small kitchen area, and a bit further in was a few
shower stalls. Adjacent to that was the men's bathroom. Usually, it was dirty,
smelling of piss and shit. Today however, it was cleaner, though by no means
could anyone have made it truly clean again.

It was inside this room that a sad, sorrowful creature knelt. Cunttits was its
name. She was collared, leashed, and shackled hand and foot. Even on her tits
were chains that connected to two vise clamps. The only hint of her humanity
was the high heeled shoes that she wore on her dainty little feet. In her butt
was a small tail protruding, and only upon closer inspection did one realize
that it was the remnants of a long string of anal beads, that someone had
stuffed into her rectum. Although this, and the other cruel devices that
tortured her feminine flesh, could be removed by her, since the chains on her
wrists didn't complete immobilize her, but she dared not to remove them, just
as she dared not to neglect her duty, when she heard the door open.

Raul Diaz had just returned from guard duty, and sorely needed to sleep. He
went to the bathroom to piss, so that he could sleep undisturbed. He opened
the door and was surprised to see a lovely young Asian woman on all fours in
the center of the room. When she saw him, she quickly crawled over to an empty
corner by the stall. She knelt upright with her chained hands behind her head,
thrusting her tits forward.

Raul moved in front of her. Her face was at his crotch level. He ignored her
and read the sign on the wall. It was in English, but Raul could read it, since
he belonged to the General's elite group. The writing was neat and clearly
done by a female hand. It read:

"Cunttits is on toilet duty. Pull tit lever to flush, but not required. Auto
flushes with new user. Also substitutes as douche. Please test Cunttits out."

He looked again at the girl. With her hair tied back, he could see every
feature of her face. She was really very pretty. Another gift from the General,
he thought, and unzipped his pants. The girl opened her mouth and formed a
perfect seal around his cock. With a grunt, he let loose his hot, salty urine.
He could hear the girl choking on it, and feel her mouth sucking, in a
desperate attempt to swallow as much as possible. When he was done, the girl
opened her mouth to show that the last mouthful still remained. She beckoned
with her eyes for him to "flush" by yanking on her tits. Instead, he smiled
and walked away, leaving Jeannie with a mouthful of piss that she dared not
swallow.

"This place looks pretty damned clean," commented Torres as he dropped another
stool into the toilet with a loud PLOMP.

"OOoooh yea," replied Tio, the only middle aged soldier in the General's elite
group. "Have you fucked the bitch?"

"Nope. Not like that."

Tio turned around. The girl stopped and looked up quizzically. They spoke in
Spanish, which all was foreign to her. She was a mess. Her face, hair, and
body were flaky with the loads of dry semen. It looked like she was peeling.
She also reeked a little of piss. Her face was also contorted in a melancholy
look of pain and sadness. Torres was right. She was hot and fuckable, but it
was best to save it for later, when she was at her best. They had all week.

"Her mouth is pretty good though. I think everyone fucked her mouth like a
hundred times," Torres added with a laugh. "I think my cock would melt if I
fuck her mouth any longer."

Tio understood what he meant. She was a good cock sucker. She had a deft
tongue. A loud fart erupted in the small bathroom, and both men laughed.
Jeannie didn't react, rather she kept up her work. SLURP SLURP. Her beautiful
face was buried between the ass cheeks of this soldier. Her lips kissed and
sucked at his ass hole, while her tongue licked and probed into its infernal
depths, scavenging for more feces. This was her job as human toilet paper.
Finally, the man had enough and pulled up his pants.

"I'll see you," Tio said to Torres.

With her primary duty completed, Jeannie looked at the remaining man. His shit
stank, but she kept at it. She knew better than to vomit. They would just make
her lick it up. Torres felt his cock twitc,h as he caught a glimpse of the
beautiful girl. No matter how many times he fucked her mouth, he really
couldn't get enough. He smiled and gestured to her with his finger. The metal
chains began to jingle, as she crawled to the man on the toilet, and enveloped
his cock, rocking her body back and forth in the small space.

Jeannie couldn't have abhorred life anymore than this. Never in her life had
she ever envisioned that she would come to this, and live out her life as a
fuck toy and human toilet. The men treated her like scum, and ensured that she
lived like it, eating only the left-overs that they discard. They fed her
because they didn't want the already petite girl to lose any weight. She would
then be unattractive to fuck. Water was another thing though.

Cunttits was perpetually thirsty. She drank only urine, though right in front
of her was a large bucket of water, next to another bucket of urine. The men
left it in her "work area" to taunt and dare her. Once she was caught drinking
the water, and the men didn't stop her. Instead they brought in another and
another bucket. She drank, but was then prohibited from pissing. For almost a
whole day, she fought her urge, until she literally burst, but still she dared
not piss. For if she did, the men would burn her piss hole shut. After begging,
pleading, and swearing to do anything and everything, no matter how obscene
did they allowed her to release herself. The price of course was a doggie
bitch show.

The poor girl had almost forgotten what it was like, but now she knew that
she'd never forget. They brought dog after dog out from the kennels, and she
had to suck and fuck two of them simultaneously. The men held the dog up to
her, as the dogs barked and yelped while she pleasured the animals. Afterwards,
she swore that she would never drink water again. Piss was better than to be a
dog's bitch. She was wrong again.

Her stay was coming to an end, and her body showed signs of the wear and tear.
There were bruises on her inner thighs, around her round tits, and under her
arms, and anywhere where that it could hurt, it did. Though now she only
focused on the pain in her joints, and the painful reminder of her predicament
as Cunttits. Put another way, she had been reduced to fuck meat. Her current
position was the best illustration of this.

Her slender legs, still strapped into those infernal heels, were wrapped over
the top of a large bamboo pole. Her small wrists were then tied to her knees,
were they wrapped around the pole. She could either lift her head, or let it
hang, but both positions were exceedingly uncomfortable. Her well used cunt
was exposed, as her legs were tied a good distant apart. Cum still oozed from
her slit, as another soldier stepped forth to fuck her. She would rock up and
down with each thrust.

Sometimes, the man would want her to scream, and encouraged her to do so with
his belt, lashing it across her sore tits. Others, despite the administration
of the whipping, wanted her to keep her slut mouth quiet. She would grind her
teeth, and merely grunt with each blow and each pelvic thrust. The anal beads
continued to stick obscenely out of her inflamed anal passage. Every now and
then a man would fuck her with them, while he humped inside her cunt, savoring
the feel of the beads pushing against her vaginal walls from the other side.

Tio watched from his cot. He massaged his package and then got up. The kettle
in the kitchen was about ready, almost boiling. He picked it up and walked
towards the fuck meat. She was still swinging back and forth on the stick. He
stood over her, and finally got her attention. Immediately, Jeannie began to
shake her head.

"NNnnnn-ooooo " she stuttered through the humping.

Slowly, the man let a small trickle of near boiling water drop onto her tits.
The soldier fucking Cunttits let out a slow "OOOoooh."

"You can really feel her cunt spasm huh? It's a neat little trick." Tio said
smiling broadly as he poured a little more onto her tender flesh. The girl
screamed weakly. This wasn't the first time that Tio had done that to her. She
knew what was next.

After he had emptied enough water to turn her chest a bright red, he mauled 
her tits. They felt warm to the touch. He ran a finger in between her cleavage
and imagined that it was his cock. He poured a little more onto her to keep
the temperature warm. The girl thrashed about a little, and gave another weak
yelp. He laid the kettle down and pinned her tits together. Then slowly he
sawed his prick between her tender tit flesh. He could still feel the heat,
warming up his cock. Yet he was still not satisfied. Tio crushed her nipples
between his thumb and index finger, and pulled them upwards.

Jeannie got the point. With much effort, she lifted her tired neck, fighting
the fatigue and pain in her neck muscles. Her pretty face was once again
meshed into this man's filthy ass cheeks. As he pulled backwards, Tio could
feel the girl's face and tongue on his ass crack. He thrust forwards, and felt
the warmth and softness of her tit flesh. Either way, it was heaven.

The young soldier fucking the whore's cunt gave him a mischievous grin. "Sir,
may I have the kettle?"



BDSM Library










For James

Chapter 7

By Incomplete

dark.dreamer@sbcglobal.net





Synopsis: A young pretty Asian wife falls into the hands of several sadists

but must endure it for the sake of her husband.

Story Codes:&nbsp; M/f slavery real reluctant humiliation Serious





Disclaimer:&nbsp; This story is a work of fiction and includes adult situations and

extreme acts of sexual depravity, including rape and torture. It is intended

for adults only. If you are under the age of eighteen or, in some jurisdictions,

twenty-one, do not continue past this point. If you desire to read on, it is by

your own choice and responsibility as a free adult in a free society. All

characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living

or dead, is purely coincidental. The author does not condone any non-consensual

sexual activity in the real world. This is fantasy, not reality, and it should

stay that way.







The one valuable lesson that Jeannie learned in life, is that no matter how bad

things turn, it still will pass. It was that idea and belief that allowed her

to survive. Now her week as the cum dump for the soldiers had also passed.

James had returned, and their lives resumed a certain level of normalcy. She

was allowed more "fuck-time" with her husband, and her hours spent as a sexual

plaything were also changed, with the introduction of Luisa Santos.



Luisa was a thick lady. She had big burly shoulders, tree trunk thighs, and

huge mammaries. It was difficult to assess her age, as her face often cringed

and wrinkled up upon the slightest provocation. This was the Mistress that

Jeannie was assigned to work under. She could no longer be an independently

horny slut, but be a fine tuned and disciplined one. After all, she was to be

a mother.



Working under Luisa was not easy. And ironically, she feared her female owners

even more than the men. They knew a woman's body well, and were able to extract

almost any sensation that they wanted from her. And so, Jeannie spent nearly

all of her time with a vibrator buried in her slit. This was, as Luisa pointed

out, for her own good, as she was to be proper wife, only allowing James access

to her cunt. Yet, it hummed and twisted itself within her body, but it was

never enough to bring her off, so that she was constantly at a state of high

arousal. Her panties were constantly wet, and whenever she moved, a new wave of

sensations would wash over her tortured sex. The batteries would last for a

couple of days, and like a battery operated fuck doll, she would need to find

and pay for new ones.



She had to buy the batteries from her mistress. To solve the income problem,

Luisa generously offered her own precious time to take Jeannie to town to find

work. So for three days of the week, instead of servicing soldiers, she had to

work for the extra cash to buy the batteries. Each visit to town was a

miserable experience.



While her short shorts or skirts would change, her top would remain the same,

a cut-off T-shirt, that she had to wear without a bra. It was like a

condemnation. It was tight and thin, but more than that, it was adorned with

phrases that advertised her to be living fuck doll. On the front were saying

like:



"My name is Cunttits"



"Fuck me"



"Love slave for rent"



And worse, the back advertised her prices: "Cheap SLUT: 5 peso bj, 20 peso ass

fuck, Group fuck discount, and Double Digit sized cocks: free fuck." The prices

were made artificially low enough, so that even the poorest farmer could

afford to fuck the poor, unfortunate wife, and this contrasted sharply to the

over priced batteries. Additionally, because of her activities, Jeannie was

taken to the army doctor for prophylactic treatment for VDs. And these visits

she had to pay for herself, both in cash and with her flesh.



As she lay in bed, between the fat thighs of her mistress, she wondered what

was left, and how long she must endure these stupid games. A heavy hand patted

her head, and she glanced up immediately, fearful of having made a mistake.

"You like my cunt, don't you?" the woman asked.



"Yes, ma'am," eagerly replied the slave girl.



"Good," the rotund woman commented, as she sat up and smeared her cunt juices

over the girl's face, making it glisten. "You can spend all night with it. How

you like that?"



"Thank you, Miss Santos."



Luisa lied back into her large bed. She fell over to one side, and lifted her

fat thigh slightly. The girl looked for a few second, before figuring out her

new position. Taking a deep breath, Jeannie crawled halfway up the bed before

placing her pretty face between the woman's legs. She felt the heavy leg fall,

clamping her in between the fat thighs. This is how I'm going to die? she

thought. Suffocated between a lesbian's thighs. She wasn't sure whether to

laugh or cry. Then suddenly, she felt the familiar gentle, but threatening tap

on her head. Reluctantly, Cunttits pink tongue slid out of her mouth and

gently penetrated the woman's engorged pussy lips.



The news of his wife's pregnancy was a mixed blessing. James was relieved that

she was now given to him full-time. Even when he went away, she was left alone

in his chambers. No one uses her, and she was allowed time to take the baby to

term. However, James was also desperately worried. First, he was afraid of what

the General might do to their child, and second, he was afraid that the child

wouldn't be his. As much as he would like to ignore it, he was still a

practical man, and knew what his wife was doing. His fear wasn't so much for

himself, but rather for his wife. If the kid wasn't a by-product of their

coupling, she would never forgive herself.



His anxiety and anticipation was finally dispelled when Jeannie finally gave

birth to a healthy Chinese boy. The imprisoned couple was congratulated and

greeted by their master. Yet their joy lasted as short as the visit. Within

two weeks, the child was ripped from Jeannie's arms. In their long stay, they

finally tried fruitless to fight to preserve the integrity of their family.



The baby was taken. James, despite his great patience and endurance to wait

for the right opportunity, thrashed out, and was beaten down. It took him

almost three weeks to recover. The poor young mother was strapped down, and

through a combination of threats and promises, was finally persuaded to calm

down.



As she finally regained her health and strength, Jeannie was invited once

again to the General's chambers. The fat General could hear the clicking of

her high heels as they approach the door. He heard the door open, then close

again as the clicking resumed, louder with each successive step, until finally,

the slave stood before him.



She was even more beautiful than before. Despite motherhood, her body was

still as slender as he last remembered it. The only change was perhaps her

tits had enlarged slightly, giving them a fuller appearance. He marveled at

his ingenuity.



The girl wore white stockings that hugged her legs, and ended on her upper

thighs, with large black frills. Her top was little more than a black top that

lashed around her chest with a few layers of black furrows. The thin straps

climbed up and over her small shoulders, and the whole outfit outlined her

beauty magnificently. He stared dumbfounded. He could only feel the throbbing

hardness of his cock, until finally her soft seductive voice broke the silence.



"Sir, Cunttits would like to know where Daniel is? I, Cunttits," she corrected

herself quickly, "worries about her son."



"Sir? Now you call me sir? Remember just a week or so ago, you called me a

'Fucking fat pig,' 'A bastard,' 'the devil,' and 'tiny cocked fag' amongst

other things. Wow! I didn't even know your pretty little mouth was so dirty."



"Please sir, Cuntttis wasn't thinking. Cunttits is a slut. Sluts know little

about manners. Please forgive this filthy whore," and she fell to her knees,

and crawled to the man, hoping the display of servitude will change his mind.



The man stood silent for a minute, as if in deep thought. Then he walked over

to a drawer and took out a 20" long dildo. He handed it to the slave. "My

cock might be small, so I don't want you to be unsatisfied. Fuck yourself with

this until you cum."



Jeannie stared wide-eyed at the pole. That was what it was, a cold metallic

pole with a bulbous head. A slap to her face woke her up from her stupor, and

she got up and moved back to the middle of the bed chamber, and placed it on

the ground. Dropping to her knees she opened her mouth. "NO!" she heard the

man shout, "Fuck it raw."



Spreading her long legs she straddled the tip of it, while holding its base

with her other hand. She tried to lower herself onto it, but it was difficult.

After several minutes, she finally got the head inside of her, and she tried

to ride herself in that manner, as her free hand stroked her clit, to help

arouse herself, and get her lubrication flowing as quickly as possible.



She heard another protest. "No. Don't play with your clit, spank it with your

hand. And move your cunt off of the dildo. I don't want a lazy whore. IN and

OUT! IN and OUT!!"



She felt the large bulbous head stretch her tender flesh, as it fell out with

a loud PLOP. Then gingerly, she fell back onto it. She didn't need to look at

it to see how wide it was stretching her tight pink flesh. How she could cum

while riding this pussy torturer was beyond her. Nonetheless, she knew that

she had to do it.



General Rio had what he wanted, what all men wanted. He had money, power, and

a real good looking woman doing anything and everything that his mind fancied.

Sure, he had plenty of fuck toys. Some were bought with cash, others taken by

force. Yet none satisfied him more than the knowledge of complete dominance

and control. The woman bobbing her pretty head on his rigid cock was surely

different.



He imagined how at some point in her life, she must have sworn an oath of

fidelity to her husband. At one point in her life, she must have thought that

she would remain loyal to him, and that her body was sacred. At one point in

her life, she must have been independent and educated. When given permission,

she spoke eloquently in a myriad of topics, though her current events was a

little out of date, but in general, she held her own with the rest of the elite.

In fact, she was better than them, even better than he himself was. He knew it.

His empire was built not so much by smarts, but by cruelty and a stroke of

luck. She and James on the other hand, lived and excel with their intelligence

and charm. For that, he hated them.



He looked at her. Not once did her eyes leave his face. She always looked at

him while she sucked and fucked him. He could see the corners of her mouth

curve into an involuntary smile, as if sucking his cock was the most wonderful

thing that she could do. Her transformation scared him. Are women really such

capricious creatures? Are they really capable of such endurance if its for the

people they love? The philosophical implications are really too interesting

and too frightening.



A soft voice beckoned him away from such thoughts. "Cunttits is a bad cock

sucker," the slave girl said, as she gently lifted his cock and began to lap

lavishly at his balls.



A squirt of cum shot from his cock. The girl blinked for a second, before

gingerly opening her eyes. A strand of cum stretched across her right eye, as

it stuck precariously to her long eyelash. "That's right you whore," answered

the old General, despite the obvious satisfaction, "be glad that I'm giving

you a chance to practice."



In between the loud slurps and suckling noises, the General could hear the

muffled reply of his fuck pet, "HmmThmmakkkkymmou siimmmr."





Over the next two months, Jeannie's skin tone changed. The healthy golden tan

that she sported in her previous life, changed back to a smooth light creamy

complexion. General Rio wanted her to be more exotic, more befitting of her

own lineage. Dark complexion whores were plentiful in Southern America. What

he wanted was a real Far Eastern bitch, that was solely his, and his she was.



Jeannie no longer visited James. Even when the three crossed paths, the General

noted that the husband and wife merely glance at one another. Has she given up

on her husband, or has James given up on his slut wife? The man was more of an

enigma than his wife. In fact, it was because of him that the General took an

interest in Jeannie. He wanted to control James, and profit from his genius.

Some might think the General had gone too far, for James became increasingly

reclusive since his beating, when they took his son away.



Though many had expected the man to revolt, and were surprised by his actions,

or rather inactions, it was the General who was undisturbed and unsurprised.

His domination of Jeannie and his child was the ultimate hold on the man. I'm

the King. I'm God. Those were the profound invisible declarations that James

heard, and it had its desired effects.



The same was true of Jeannie. She had long ago stopped resisting. The General

was able to take, from day one, anything and everything from the young wife,

but now, she gave actively. She lived to please and adore him. It was one thing

to have a woman love a man. It was another to have her anyway that he wanted

her, just because he wanted it from her. Jeannie was his. Even when he was

briefly married, the General's wife didn't entirely give up her being for him.

Jeannie did. For a man as powerful as the General, this was still a new

experience, which made the creature with which he controlled that much more

interesting and desirable.



Tonight, he had her strung up in his room on her tip toes. Her fabulous tits

were looped together with a thick coarse rope, into two round packages, capped

off with her small jutting nipples. Around each of those sensitive buds, were

two sets of chopsticks, tied tightly together. Together they clamped down on,

and squeezed her nipples painfully. By the look of her face, General Rio knew

that they were very effective in drawing out her pain.



Tied to her primitive nipple clamps was a small, thinner rope that ran over

and down her back. Continuing still, the rope ran through the globular cheeks

of her bubble shaped bottom, and exited through the valley formed by her cunt

lips. It was this rope that the General held on to, as he continuously pulled

on it. The chopsticks were unyielding in their hold of her nipples, and the

rope, as it wounded down and through her crotch, was knotted and frayed. So

the entire apparatus was made to make her feel very uncomfortable, to say the

least.



Even her arms were not spared, as they were lashed cruelly to each other at

her elbows. Drool continued to drip in an endless torrent onto her tits, as the

perforated ball gag kept her from closing her tortured jaws. She tried shifting

her weight, but did so cautiously, as a slip from her weakened calf and 

quadriceps would mean further pain around her tits, as the ropes that bound

them were the same ones that kept her standing on her toes. If she fell, then

her tits would surely be strangled, and dangling from her tits was the last

thing that she wanted. However, she wasn't sure how long she could keep this

up. It had already been three hours, and her master was still toying with her

crotch rope. By now, her sex had been rubbed raw. She wanted to disappear, die

even, but knew the power which kept her from doing so.



"Do you want to speak?" the General asked.



The girl nodded, and so he removed her gag. She tried to work her mouth, but

it failed. Gently, like a kind father, he pressed her lower jaw against her

upper one. She licked her lips, and tried opening and closing her mouth a few

more times, slowly at first then a bit faster later.



"Thank you, sir," she said.



The man was holding a long cylindrical leather whip. He dangled it onto her

body. It felt heavy. He twirled it a few times into the empty air, making a

heavy WHOOOSH sound. Jeannie was scared. It had been a long while since she

was last whipped.



"Cunttits is sorry for being a stupid bitch," Jeannie apologized.



"OH?" inquired the old man.



"Cunttits is a stupid bitch, and that's why master is punishing this whore,"

said the girl dejectedly.



General Rio ran a callused hand down her face and wiped away a streak of tears

as he tenderly kissed her. She reciprocated lovingly, like the way a wife

kisses her husband. As he withdrew, thick strands of saliva parted, and he

smeared that around her lips. "Actually, you're a good bitch."



The girl looked at him puzzled. He stood back and lashed at her. A sharp shriek

rose from her throat. He aimed continuously at her taut calves, until finally

she fell. "YEEEOOOOOOOOOW!" she said, as all of her weight was transferred to

her tender orbs. As she tried desperately to find her footing again, and at

the same time, minimize her swaying, a firm strong hand caught her, and held

her horizontally. "Do you know why?" he asked.



The girl shook her head. He dropped her, and she scrambled again. General Rio

patiently waited until she found her footing. Then repeated the torture several

more times, until the girl stood unsteadily, shaking involuntarily. The same

gentle hand held onto leg. Slowly, it lifted one, and like a husband, slipped

onto her foot a strappy high heel. He did the same for her other foot. It was

still uncomfortable, but at least she wouldn't fall. He sat back down on his

chair, and replaced the whip with that same crotch rope.



"Fuck yourself on it." he demanded, and she complied. Slowly she sawed her sex

on the rope. "Faster and deeper." She tried lowering herself more, so that the

rope would cut deeper into her sex. She felt every prick of the frayed hemp.

She was riding the rope. Mercifully, he didn't compel her to continue

indefinitely on it. He closed in on her, and with one chubby hand, slapped at

her sex. SPAT! A finger hooked itself into her slit, as it probed harshly.



"Can't get wet on a rope, huh?"



"No sir. Cunttits needs a cock," she said, knowing all the right lines.



Another large hand cupped and lifted her buttock until she was now at a 45

degree angle. She could feel the large bulbous head of his cock at the tip of

her raw, red cunt. The General too felt the heat of her inflamed passageway.

Slowly, as if he wanted to savor her pain, he pushed into her. His cock was

buried to the hilt in her cunt hole. She grunted and ground her teeth. He

rocked back slowly, then thrust forwards with all of his might. "Argggh," she

grunted again. He repeated that same movement, a slow, soft withdrawal; then a

quick, hard penetration. In each instance, the same reaction was extracted, a

weak defeated grunt, followed by a slight grimace.



"Look at me bitch, and don't squint. You're still not wet. Is my cock not

enough for you?"



"No sir," Jeannie quickly replied. "Cunttits is thankful for the master's manly

cock." She tried to squeeze and grasp his thick cock with her cunt muscles in

an attempt to convince her assailant that she needed him.



"Do you know why?" he repeated the question, as he grabbed an end of the

chopstick titty clamp with his free hand and twisted it. Her body reacted by

squirming, kicking, while her inner muscles spastically clamped onto his tool,

much to the delight of the cruel man. Jeannie was in too much pain to respond,

hoping that he would just quit. Yet he continued to twist, first one way, and

then the other, as he continued to saw into her with his cock.



Then in a final act of cruelty, he dropped her, grabbing just her slender

ankles and pulling them wide apart. "AYYYYYEEAAHhhh," she screamed, until her

voice broke. He continued the same methodical fucking; a slow, soft withdrawal,

followed by a quick, hard penetration. As she stared into his face, as she was

compelled to do, she finally realized the answer he wanted.



"Do you know why?" he asked.



She wetted her lips and nodded. "Because you can master. Because Cunttits is

yours."









BDSM Library












The man in a neatly tailored suit stood amongst the run down brick
building


 
  Jimmy Lam
   jim
  2
  604
  2006-06-13T12:40:00Z
  2006-06-13T12:40:00Z
  1
  4094
  23336
  JQL Inc.
  194
  54
  27376
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The man in a neatly tailored suit stood amongst the run down
brick building. In the distance, he could faintly hear the sound of gunshots.
Yet he stood firm and motionless. His gaze was distant as if nothing in this
world was worthy of its interest. Yet when a group of school children ran by,
his pupils constricted to focus in on the scene and slowly expanded to take in
their joy and youth. Just as quickly, his gaze reverted back to its former glossy
state. Time floated by and night fell. The figure of the man can no longer be
seen amongst the ruin. It was not until later when the headlights of an old,
beaten SUV driving by that the outlines of the man could be seen. 

&nbsp;

The car stopped and another man got out. He was shorter and
much less handsome than the man in the suit. Yet he was much happier. The
swagger, the wide-eyed grin, and his tone all pointed to this single glaring
difference. It was hard not to be happy. Everything was going well for Mr.
Jorge Barros. Tonight, he felt, would be the defining
moment in his life. It was here and now that the demise of his arch enemy would
begin. 

&nbsp;

Dont make me wait again, said the well dressed man. I
dont have much time, you know. 

&nbsp;

I am sorry man, he said in a heavily accented voice. Jorge
could be as amicable as a dog when the situation called for it. While he did
not like the mans attitude, he did need this foreign man to bring his dream to
fruition. Lets speak on our way. Come get in. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

The two men sat on the cheap cloth sofa where the seat
slumped heavily to the right, where the black man sat. Shits boring. Got
anything else? said the heavy set black man. 

&nbsp;

His companion got up, and after a few minutes, came out with
a disc in his hand. This is from my PRIVATE collection. Its a little
hardcore. Dont know if

&nbsp;

Just put the shit in.

&nbsp;

The screen went blank before the face of an Asian girl
appeared. Her face was in full view as her hair was tied up in a neat bun. She
was naked save for a pair of obscenely high heeled shoes. They were made of
cheap see-through plastic and contrasted with the elegance of her being. As the
camera panned out, the viewer could slowly make out the other characters of the
film. All were men, and all were Hispanic and wore green military outfits. They
formed a quasi-circle around the girl. 

&nbsp;

The audio on the film was not high and the two men can only
guess at the command given to the girl as she sat to spread her creamy thighs. Her other hand pinched and pulled at her nipples. It was
clear that she was masturbating for the enjoyment of the crowd. She was slow to
get wet and took about ten to fifteen minutes before her fingers glistened with
her own juice. When that occurred, a short but extremely muscular man came up
and grabbed her hair, wrapping it several time around his hand. Using that as
leverage, he yanked the girl to her knees. 

&nbsp;

He stuck two fingers into the girls mouth, probing it. The
girls cheek sunk in as she sucked at it as if it was a man cock. The large man
turned to his companions with an incredulous look on his face. Look what this whore is doing! He was
already hard and with that tool he finally jammed it into the girls open
mouth. His thick cock disappeared and reappeared before disappearing yet again
into the girls throat. The small Asians chin was a shiny mess so he did not
want to waste more of his erection on her mouth. Pushing her down, he made her
held her thighs apart. Then in one fell swoop, he stabbed into her cunt. Even if the audio was clearer, no noise could have
come from the girl as another hardened cock was already in her available mouth.
The man penetrating her throat had his leg splayed indecently about as he jack
hammered into her face. 

&nbsp;

Hey Tay,
the white man said as he poked the mesmerized black man. 

&nbsp;

Annoyed, the Tay Johnson spatted, What!? 

&nbsp;

He was enjoying the way the man used the girl. On the
screen, the soldier face fucking the tiny girl had filled her mouth with cum.
Another was now having his tool cleaned by her tongue while several others were
masturbating, cumming, and spitting on her face and
breasts. The large soldier was still at it, fucking her cunt.
Her slender hands still wrapped between her bended knees, holding her thighs
apart. 

&nbsp;

What THE FUCK!!! screamed Tay
when the TV turned bright blue. Put the disc back in.
Im trying to bust a nut bitch. 

&nbsp;

The white boy held the disc between his finger
with a small grin. The money I owe you-

&nbsp;

Fuck you! You owe me close to $20g. Even if your faggot ass
offered to suck me cock, youll still owe me $20g. Now put the shit back on. 

&nbsp;

Shes a good fuck. Her pussy is like velvet, continued the
white boy. 

&nbsp;

Perplexed and very much annoyed, Tay barked, How the fuck you know? 

&nbsp;

I fucked her.

&nbsp;

What does this have to do with anything? asked the black
man with a slight interest.

&nbsp;

The white man smiled. Ill show you how you can make a few
hundred dollars for at least eighteen years plus all of this bitchs greatest
hits. 

&nbsp;

Tay Johnson looked at the man for
a very long time before saying in a very serious tone, You better not fuck
with me. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

James Lee lied in front of the television with little Daniel
bouncing off his stomach. The small 15 month old child giggled incessantly.
Dinners ready, he heard his wifes soft voice. Lifting Daniel up, he placed
him back into his crib. He walked into the kitchen and saw Jeannie, with her
hair in a bun, wearing a modest black knee length skirt and a pair of oversized
bunny house slippers. His life was bliss. He touched his face and pinched it
slightly. Yes, this is real. This is life.
My life. My wife, my child, my life.


&nbsp;

He went behind Jeannie and wrapped his hands around her. She
looked up with adoring eyes, and they kissed- a soft passionate kiss. One hand
held her firmly at the waist while the other pressed lightly at her rib, slightly
below her breast. It was sensual. Did Daniel eat? he asked. 

&nbsp;

She nodded. 

&nbsp;

Good, then its my turn, he said with a mischievous grin
and placed his head on her bosom like a child. She giggled. 

&nbsp;

Dinner? 

&nbsp;

He swept her up, and she let out a scream in mocked
surprise. Holding her in his arms, he said, Nope, dessert first, and carried
her upstairs to the master bedroom. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

It was Saturday morning when Jeannie woke up. She had heard
her sons giggling sound and went downstairs before stopping at the doorway.
Her husband was lifting their son in on his shoulder as the kid kept drumming
his head. A smile involuntarily crossed her face. Life was so beautiful now
even though...She shook the thought away and retreated back upstairs. 

&nbsp;

Turning on the shower, she tried to wash away all her
unhappiness. She tried to smile but found herself crying instead. No, I cant let that happen. It cant happen
again. Weve gotten so far, and Daniel. James. She let the warm water fall
onto her face, diluting away her tears. 

&nbsp;

Honey, Ill be home late tonight, she closed the door as
she said that, not waiting for a reply. She got into the car and checked her
watch. She was late. Jeannie quickly backed the car out of the driveway and
drove off. As she was driving, she stared at the duffel back on the passenger
seat and mentally thought about each item she was to bring. When her mental
checklist was complete, she sigh a breath of relief. She was always anxious
when she had to meet him outside of work on the weekends. It was always harder
to get out of the house without having James suspect foul play even though she
knew he trusted her completely. He never even questioned her twice on how she
got Daniel back. Only she and HE knew, and she wanted it to stay that way. This is my family. YOUR FAMILY JEANNIE LEE.
As she drove, her mind traveled back to how she first met HIM, and she
shuddered. Her small foot floored the gas pedal, hoping to drive away the
thought. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

She was exhausted, utterly so. The ordeal was physically and
mentally draining. She wanted to just sleep away, but she knew she could not.
James was still behind in South America so that she could
come back first and retrieve their child. It was a simpler task than what her
husband had to face in order to get them out. She could not fail him or their
son. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie sat waiting, watching. Every so often her gaze would
alternate between the piece of paper with the address scribbled on it and the
number on the house. The people at the orphanage did not give it to her, but
the Jeannie Lee of today would never let a triviality stop her. 

&nbsp;

After hours of waiting, she finally saw her son and his
guardian. The man was a buffoon- large, black, and clumsy. She followed them.
The more she saw, the more it pained her. He frequented shady establishments,
leaving the child in the backseat, sometimes for hours. When he finally went
home, she snuck around only to catch yet another glimpse of neglect. The man
would mix sleeping pills into Daniels milk, sending the baby into an oblivious
slumber. This was too much for her. Slumping against the wall of house and
clasping her mouth, Jeannie Lee broke down into a silent cry. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

The lawyer was right. She had no proof the child was hers,
and even if she did, it would only show she neglected the child and gave him up
for adoption. Worse still, she and James had very little money left. Tay Johnson, their childs guardian, at the very least had
an import/export business. If the man refused, there was no way they could get
back Daniel. She swallowed hard before knocking. She had watched him and knew
he was home. 

&nbsp;

Slumped in his couch watching another one of those hardcore
discs, he heard a knock on the door. He opened it and was about to put a fist
to the persons face but stopped midway. Tay Johnson even stuttered as he tried to say, How may I
help you? 

&nbsp;

Standing in front of him, in a neat business suit was a very
attractive Asian girl. Hi, are you Mr. Johnson? 

&nbsp;

Yes-yesuh- come in, he said as he felt his heart skip a
beat. 

&nbsp;

As she walked passed him, he could smell the fragrant only
the certain women could have- The sweet, flowery scent of innocence. Yet he
knew better and a knowing smile crept over his face. 

&nbsp;

Uh-can I, may I help you? 

&nbsp;

Mr. Johnson, did you adopt a baby? Of
Asian descent? Daniel. Thats his name. 

&nbsp;

Sorry miss, but I cant-gi

&nbsp;

Sir, please. Hes my son! 

&nbsp;

Tay Johnson could hardly contain
his surprise. Um

&nbsp;

PLEASE! 

&nbsp;

Well, you see-

&nbsp;

No. I need to see him. My husband is still in South
 America just so I can come and find my son. I want him back. 

&nbsp;

I dont think I---ah, oh well. Come with me, the black man
said. 

&nbsp;

When the girl saw her son, she ran to him and began mumbling
gibberish as tears fell incessantly. Tay
could only stare in bewilderment. Wow, a
girl like that with a kid. Fucking whore. She looks
like shes barely 20. Ill leave you two alone, he said and walked back
out. That fucking Berg.
No wonder he said wait and see. His
devilish mind had already by this point concocted a plan. 

&nbsp;

The girl, holding her son, began to stroke him. Yet he was
unresponsive. Swallowing her anger, she took the baby and accosted Tay. 

&nbsp;

I know what you have been doing. If its money, take this,
she said, holding out a check with all their life savings. 

&nbsp;

Huh? Tay
said, feigning innocence. He looked at the number and was not impressed. I
cant. You see, I love-

&nbsp;

SHUT UP! she shouted, unable to contain herself further. How can you say that when I know what you did?!?!? YOU
FUCKING MONSTERIm taking him back! 

&nbsp;

No, youre not. Ive got all the paperwork. Hes now Daniel
Johnson. 

&nbsp;

Not when youre poisoning him. 

&nbsp;

Wheres proof? Youre
trespassing. 

&nbsp;

Ill sue. 

&nbsp;

Sure. Well see how a porn slut can win custody of a kid
that she does not even know. Only then did Jeannie saw herself on TV. 

&nbsp;

NO! she screamed as the scene brought back the nightmarish
hell. She yanked the cord from the TV. Tay
just smiled. 

&nbsp;

Leave the baby or Ill get it myself. Dont blame me if he
falls on his head. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie backed away and realized she was in a compromising
situation with the much larger man situated between her and the door. She
turned to run into the room but felt a hand grab her hair. AHHHhh,
she said as she fell backwards, still clutching to the baby. A feet was jammed into her back, and she crouched into a fetal
position. StOP!! Youll
hurt him. HERE take him back! 

&nbsp;

Tay took
the baby back and gave her one more vicious kick to the abdomen as he took the
boy back to his crib in his bedroom. Jeannie was still gasping for breath and
massaging her stomach when he returned. 

&nbsp;

Hes a cute kid. Just like the chink baby I never had, he
said laughing. Well have some good times. Weed, booze, all
the good stuff. Just me and him, father and son.


&nbsp;

No please, Jeannie stammered. Mr. Johnson, I want my son
back. If you want money, I can get more. Ill work. Ill get a job or
something. Just dont do that to my son. 

&nbsp;

Tays eyes widened. This was what he wanted to hear. With a
large finger, he lifted her chin. Beautiful. More so in the flesh. He had wanked
off thinking of her many times before. Tonight,
shell do the wanking. Tay began unbuckling his pants. He kicked them
off to reveal a large semi-erect cock. 

&nbsp;

Ill be nice. Ill let you show me how persuasive you are.




&nbsp;



&nbsp;

The small Asian girl was kneeling between the fat thighs of
the larger black man. Behind her, where the attention of the man was focused
was the television. She could hear the sound quite well. Deep within her mind,
she knew too what was happening. How could she not? Without having to turn
around, she knew the poor starlet was tied, hand to elbow, leg to thigh. There
was also a collar around her neck and she was paraded around a band of sex
deprived soldiers, crawling on her elbow and knees. 

&nbsp;

Tay Johnson enjoyed the show. His
large cock was fully erect. Whether it was the content of the movie or the
skillful hands of the porn actress, he did not know nor care. Her two small
hands continued to massage and stroke his cock. On the screen, she was being
anally buggered. How would that feel? He smiled. Hell find out. His cock
twitched. 

&nbsp;

Aim it on your face, he said casually as he continued to
focus just on the film. Ugghhggghhhhh.whooooooa, he screamed and finally came, replacing her
hand with his as he wiped the last of the semen onto her face in spots where
there wasnt any. She kept her hands down by her side as she looked up. She
knew better than to wipe away a mans precious cum. Tay
Johnson was not surprised by her professionalism. He was, however, curious
about her story, but that was for later. 

&nbsp;

He patted the empty seat next to him, which the naked
Jeannie quickly filled. Tenderly he scooped the semen into her mouth. She
licked and sucked at his finger until they were clean. Only a thin coat of smeared
cum remained on her face giving it a particular shine. He pulled her closer to
him and she leaned in, kissing and sucking his neck, ear, and face. A passerby
would certainly mistaken the tender moment as one shared by two lovers. 

&nbsp;

The hardcore porn of the young mother continued to play on
the screen. On certain parts, Tay
would tell her to stop and watch. He would shift his attention from the screen
to her face to decipher any emotion or thoughts she might have. It was not hard
to gauge her discomfort. At such junctures, he would press her head to his
broad shoulders while his giant hands slid down to her sex. It would part,
press, and massage her sex knob. He could feel it growing. 

&nbsp;

Like the man on film, he pushed her onto her back as he
began sucking on her delectable tits. Jeannie suddenly fought back. Go ahead, fight. Ill conquer you just the
same. He continued to grab on and like a skilled cowboy, he was determined
to ride his ride. Tears began to roll freely from her eyes as she was reliving
her rapes. More than that she feared what might happen. 

&nbsp;

She had given birth to Daniel no more than 5 months ago and
her body was still in disequilibrium. Her oxytocin level were still high in preparation for milk ejection. An
unwanted side effect was the ease of orgasm upon nipple stimulation. She could
feel her insides spasming. Jeannie was a scientist,
and she understood her own physiology. She had to fight this humility. Cumming
for James was fine, but not for this man, and definitely not when being raped. 

&nbsp;

His huge cock stretched her cunt. A grade-A whore.
The cunt was spasming and
already near orgasm. Her panting was increasing and her eyes narrowed into a dreamy
bliss. Thats right, think of a big black
cock up your little slit. She was screaming No the entire time, and even
offering her cute little ass for him to fuck. Thats a first. An anal whore. Tay
chuckled. Jeannie wanted to avoid giving this man her orgasm at all cost, but
it was too late. 

&nbsp;

She felt her body grow tensed up as that indescribable
urgency to pee filled her being as she came. Tay
can literally feel her cunt juice spurt. And in a
moment, both came, almost simultaneously. What
a gusher. She covered her face with her small hands while the big beast
fell atop of her- fat, smelly and sweaty. This time, even the large frame of
her assailant failed to flatten away her shame. She had cum hard. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Tay was an
experienced man, and he can definitely tell the difference between a simulated
orgasm and a real one, especially in this case when he had the films for
comparison. This bitch really did cum.
He patted his crotch in self-admiration. Nothing a large black cock wont solve. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie appeared from the kitchen with a can of beer in her
hand and nothing on her body. Even the small patch of pubic hair was removed,
much to the girls embarrassment. However, she was afraid of the large man and
the power he had over her. Lowering her eyes, she tip toed over to him. This
was TJs improvisation on heels. Like all men, he
liked them- the higher the better. However, that applied only with regards to
outings. At home, he preferred them on their toes. This made the woman more
conscious of her purpose- to entice. 

&nbsp;

She sat next to him, like a loving girlfriend. He turned to
her and pointed at a bag. Put them on, he said. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie went over and did as commanded. Dressed in a black
cotton mini-skirt and a white spaghetti strapped top, she looked youthful. In
fact, she had expected it. Men are strange creatures in many ways. When a woman
was clothed, he would do everything to get her naked. Yet when she was in the
nude, he would compel her to accessorize, to don skimpy outfits to seduce him. 

&nbsp;

The large plastic see-through high heels completed her
outfit. They click rhythmically as she walked into the bedroom to find TJ. She
also expected to be fucked. What she did not expect were the lighting and
camera equipments set up. The man looked at her and explained, Were making a
video. 

&nbsp;

WhNO. I cant, said Jeannie. Sex with him was bad. Cumming
due to the physiology of motherhood was worse. Having sex and cumming on camera was absolutely intolerable. She backed
toward the door. 

&nbsp;

Thats fine if you dont want to, said TJ. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie knew the veiled threat and quickly retracted her
stance, Not that I dont want to, but Im just not prepared. 

&nbsp;

Dont worry bitch, I got your lines all worked out there,
he said pointing to a stack of paper. 

&nbsp;

TJ did spend some time working on this. Ever since watching
the unfortunate girls ordeal on cheap film and inaudible audio, he wanted to
help the reluctant star and do her justice. In fact, he wanted to be a film
star himself, one way or another. What better way to get a hit then to have a
girl like Jeannie on film with him. Most of the porn stars were straight out sluts-
tattooed bodies, piercings, and faces that showed
signs of age and mileage. This girl was different. Better yet, she was Asian
and quite different from the batch of Asian starlets that fuck on film. She had
the air of innocence and class that the professionals could never match. One look, and any man would be convinced of her educated and
proper upbringing. 

&nbsp;

These lines- I

&nbsp;

Better memorize them. You dont have much time before my
son wakes up. An infant watching his slut of a mother fuck is bad for the
psyche. Some Freudian shit. Seeing her reluctance, he added, If you do a good
job, Ill let you take the little guy home. He caught her glance and nodded. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie went silent and stared at the lines. After about ten
minutes, the bedroom was turned into a makeshift porn set. The director/actor
stripped down revealing a huge erection. The idea of making Jeannie willingly
participate was surely a larger turn-on then anything he had done to her in the
preceding weeks. 

&nbsp;

He gave a signal and the girl in mini-skirt and high heels
strutted seductively into view. She sat on the bed and stared into the camera. 

&nbsp;

Hi, she said in the most slutty voice she could manage, My name is Pussy
Lee. I have a Masters in bioengineering but dont let that deceive you though. Im
still a horny girl. A cunt with
brains. I still need a huge, gigantic cock, on cue, she closed her eyes
and licked her lips seductively before continuing, Do you have a big dick?

&nbsp;

Yeaaaaa? she moaned. Want to
fuck my pussy? 

&nbsp;

The camera panned out and slowly scrolled up the endless
terrain that was her legs. She now had a finger in her mouth which she was
sucking. She stared back into the camera. Want to see what the rest of the
package holds before deciding? Teasingly, she began to strip off each article
of clothing. Again, the camera lingered on her body. With a little special
effect (via a spray bottle), her body looked wet and sparkly. Im a small
girl. I hope you dont mind if I call you Daddy. 

&nbsp;

The lines were very well rehearsed, and TJ was pleased. What
progressed next were Jeannie masturbating, dildo play, and then a blowjob
scene. This latter scene was skillfully done from a first person point of view.
There were no other cocks around and so TJ had to offer his own. Hard already,
Daddy? the girl practically moaned her lines out. As she continued with her
role, TJ almost dropped the camera and had to repeat a few shots. Fucking natural. He
came a short while after. Embarrassed, he made Jeannie blow him a second and a
third time around in order to dull his senses. 

&nbsp;

Slowly the girl crawled onto the bed. With her small bubbly
ass to the camera, she turned around and smacked her cheeks a few times.
Pussys a bad girl. Shes been dreaming of cocks. Full, hard
cocks. Daddy, come spank me. Without further invitation, TJ, and thus
the viewer, moved closer. A big black hand replaced hers on her bottom. The
hand squeezed and slapped at the smooth meaty surface until it blushed a
crimson color. Her bald cunt was equally attractive
as a large finger spread and pushed into its inviting pinkness. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie with her head down and mumbling obscenities the
entire time could feel the mans cock at her cunt
entrance. Whats he doing? He pushed
in gradually, the way James had the first time she ever made love to a man. She
felt his bulbous head slowly split her, but the pace was agonizingly slow. TJ
wanted the bitch to feel every minute and every inch of his tool. He was to
conquer her. One inch. Stop. A few slaps to her ass
cheeks. Two inches. Pinch them fucking nips. Her pussy spasms. Three inches. A grab at her tits. Four inches. Kisses on her back. Five inches. A
hand wrapped around her long silky hair. Six inches. Slowly increasing pressure on her hair, his reins. Seven inches. The pull on her hair was now stronger, more
dominating. Eight inches. Her neck was arched
backward. Nine inches. Time for her
to feel it. TENELEVENAWHOLEFOOT. He speared
her, causing a painful yelped. He stabbed at her cervix as if he wanted to
pierce it and fuck her uterus as well. She kept playing her part. This was all
too much for TJ and for Jeannie as well. He could feel her spasms grow
stronger. Not this time. He groaned
and flushed her insides with his seeds. They spilled out of her pussy in
torrents. Pulling out, he gave her ass a final blow. Slut! he spat. 

&nbsp;

Jeannie collapsed, unsatisfied. She finally broke. Burying
her face with two hands, she sobbed. When
will her body recover? Fucking oxytocin.
Im so dirty. The camera zoomed in on her pussy a little longer before
fading to black. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;



The summer heat was just as it
were when he first left this country. Returning to it was certainly a relief. Yes, the nightmare is finally over. When
he looked and saw what he was looking for, he felt so whole. If a man ever
cried, it was because that was how he felt. It was not some side effect of some
hormonal action or a power play in a relationship. It was real tears- joy,
sorrow, pain, relief- all mixed in one. The little childs hands were real.
They were soft and small. His smile, giggle, and drool were real. The beautiful
little lady walking beside him was real too. Shes his wife! 

&nbsp;

The window was down. He was not
driving. Usually it was he who drove but not now. He was very tired. He took a
peak on the rear view mirror and his little boy was fast asleep on the baby
seat. Turning over he saw his wife, who catching his stare, smiled back. The
glow of the warm summer sun highlighted her face with an almost angelic glow.
Her short sleeve T and jean skirt showed off a little of her skin which was
turning tanner again. This was the mother of his kid and yet she looked barely
twenty. If he didnt know better, he would say she was virginal. He closed his
eyes again. 

&nbsp;

Can either of them really forget? He opened his eyes again, but his
eyelids were heavy. She was talking, and he mechanically answered though he
knew not what. It must have been the right ones though. Shes sleptno fucked how many men? Here she is, driving. A carefree woman in a free industrialized nation. Educated. Yet a few months ago, she was on the end of a
leash- collared, chained, humiliated. The sounds of his wife begging to be
fucked by a bunch of unknown men- ruffians- dirty, animalistic men. His eyes
droop once more. This time it took awhile before he opened them again. They
droop yet again.

&nbsp;

The gunfire. Screams. He was riding back with one of the
Generals elite- a man who had fucked his wife countless times. The smile was
disgusting. Yet he smiled back. Tonight, he would be all smiles. The car
stopped. The driver shouted wildly before a group of men shot him. Yes, even
the elite killer was perturbed. He took out a gun and fired back. Just one
round before James surprised him with a blow to the head. There was no time for
recovery as his brains spilled all over the back seat and splattered onto James
clothes. The smell of burning flesh

&nbsp;

Honey---honey?
Wake up. 

&nbsp;

He opened his eyes expecting to
see the ghastly half rotten face of a skull. Instead, he was greeted by his
wifes caring eyes. Does she dream? What
was her story? He opened his mouth to ask, but instead he licked his dry
lips instead. There were things he didnt want to know. He wanted to leave it
all behind. He did what was necessary for them to live and so did she. He saw
her unbuckle Daniels seatbelt and lifted him into her arms. Was either of them worthy to be parents?


&nbsp;

He stared at the small quaint
little house that was his new home. He turned back to stare at the used
Japanese car that was their only ride. It was a little different than before but
at least its a new beginning. 

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Incomplete


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





