BDSM Library - Woman In The Dark




Woman In The Dark
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man pleasures his mistress, not being able to see her in the dark.


Woman In The Dark

by Some Writer

I hoped that she would visit.  I was like a child on Christmas Eve, hoping that Santa would come.  A mixture of expectation, excitement and 
anticipation.  We never saw each other during the day, but she always visited each week, as regular as clockwork.  Although I could never see her 
beautiful face, I knew that she enjoyed her visits.

I was hard thinking about it and as I lay in bed, the room illuminated by the lamp beside me, my hand instinctively slid down into my boxers and I 
began idly stroking myself.  I imagined my face buried in the clefts of her vagina, pleasuring her.  And then afterwards she would take my cock 
and... I stopped myself - she would be here before long.  I knew it.  I turned out the light in anticipation of her arrival.

I was awoken from my light sleep by the sound of the door closing.  I heard her approach the bed, and then a jangle of metal.  I reached out and 
fumbled for the hand- and leg-cuffs that I knew she held in her hand.  I sat up and quickly fastened my legs to the metal posts at the end of the bed.  
The metal was cold against my skin, but I suppressed a shiver.  I lay back and clicked the handcuffs into place around the metal rail behind my head.
leaving me ready for her/

"All tied," she noted.  "Just the way I like you.  I could leave right now, and you'd be left here, helpless."  Her words sent a slight chill of 
danger through my body but I was not worried.  The woman in the dark would do no such thing.  I may have had no influence over what she would do,
but I knew that I would enjoy what she did to me.  She was amazing.

The mattress sank down as she climbed on to it.  She planted her feet beside my hips and folded her body down on top of mine.  I felt her hair brush 
my face and knew that her lithe body was only inches above mine.  Our lips locked and we kissed.  She tasted of strawberries.  "I want to do something
different tonight," she whispered to me.  "Open your mouth."  I immediately obeyed, and tried to make out the sounds of her actions.  I could not
figure out what she was doing even when I felt the large piece of plastic pushed down onto my teeth.  My lips closed around it to hold it in place.
I guessed it was a dildo - I would hold it in my mouth while she pleasured herself.

The movements of her feet on the bed told me that she stood up, moved toward me and turned around.  She was squatting above my head.  I felt the
thing in my mouth move as she touched against it.  I heard her moan softly as she began her descent.  Her skin touched mine, and I realised that
I could feel her buttocks on my cheeks, her soft derriere surrounding my face.  The toy was in her ass.  My cock twinged as my face nestled into the
smooth globes of her ass.  When I thought that she could go no further down I released my lips from the toy in a chimp-like motion and gave it a final
push to its destination with my tongue.  She let out a final moan as the butt plug slid home into her ass.

Nothing moved for a minute until she shifted her position.  Her legs settled beside my head and the angle of her pelvis changed so that it was no 
longer her ass that covered my face, but the smooth skin surrounding her pussy.  She was hairless, as the woman in the dark always was, her shaven
lips at right angles to my own.  I tentatively pushed my tongue between all of it and reached for her clitoris.  She moaned softly - always softly -
as I found it and began to lick.  My tongue wove intricate circuits around her clitoris that overlapped with occasional tours around her entire slit.
My tongue glided easily over her honey slickness that was progressively lubricating her inner-most passage.

I struggled to keep my concentration as I felt her delicate fingers undoing the buttons on my boxer shorts.  My cock sprang free naturally as I 
continued caressing and stroking her inner creases eagerly.  She put the tip of her tongue on the back of the head of my penis, and ran it teasingly
down to the base.  It was my turn to moan in the pitch black room.

She continued teasing me, as if she was just idly playing with no regard for my desires - as if putting on the condom was just because she was bored 
rather than in preparation for future activities.  Every touch of her mouth and hands on my dick was heaven.  The woman in the dark had a grander plan 
however - I knew that much.  She always had something planned for my enjoyment.
I capably steered her toward orgasm, as I always did.  She began slowly - subconsciously, I had come to realise in the past - writhing
on my face, smearing the juice of her love all over my face.  I tracked her clitoris as best I could, not letting her enjoyment stop as her orgasm
built.

She moaned quietly, long moan after moan, until she had finished coming.  All I could hear was her catching her breath as she sat up.  All I could
feel was her around my head, all I could smell and taste was her sexuality.  I could not move.  I was hers.  I could not see anything else.

"Do want me?" she asked in the darkness.

"Yes," I replied, as if speaking into her pussy.

"Do you want my ass?" she asked.  My heart skipped a beat.

"Yes," I said hurriedly.  I felt her pelvis shift again, and felt the plastic base of the butt plug bash against my teeth.  I understood what was
required, and grasped the plug with my mouth.  I held firm as she tugged upwards, and there was a jerk as she separated from the toy.  She got up from
the bed, and removed it from my mouth.  She swung herself onto the bed again, and her body was on top of mine.  Her hard nipples bumped against mine
and we both drew in breath.  Her hand was on my cock, and guiding it towards her most private entrance that would be more of a privilege than even
her sacred pussy.

"Tell me you want me," she whispered in my ear.

"I want you," I told her.

"Tell me you'll always want me."

"Always," I said truthfully.  I would always desire the woman in the dark.

I felt something pressing against the head of my sheathed cock.  It pressed harder and harder.  For a moment I thought she had the wrong place.  I 
opened my mouth to say something, and then I slid inside.  She gasped, and I felt her breath mix with mine. 

"My god," she said aloud.  After a pause she added: "Yours is the first cock I've ever had in my ass.  You're my first."

"Your ass is the first I've ever penetrated," I replied.

I reached my head upwards, and we kissed.  Our bodies locked together at both head and hip, my arms and legs bound in submission to her beauty that
my eyes were unable to perceive.  She tasted herself on my lips, and it seemed to invigorate her kiss.

"How does it feel?" I asked her.

"Intense," she said, and we kissed again, sharing ourselves.  I could feel her inching slowly backwards onto me, allowing me to enter deeper.  It was
a different feeling to being inside her pussy, as I had been before, but I could not describe how.  She settled down onto me, and I felt the kiss
of her wet labia on my abdomen.

"Not many other women would let you be where you are now," she whispered to me.

"I know.  That's why I don't want anyone else," I whispered back.

I felt her brace herself, and then she slowly slid up my length, teasing me.  I could feel the ridges of the muscles in her ass sliding over
my shaft, twitching to try and expel me from within her.  She slid slowly back down, accepting my member deep inside her like a jigsaw piece slotting
into place.

"I think I need a moment or two," she admitted.  We remain in silence for a moment, but she spoke again.  "Tell me, if you could come anywhere on a 
woman, where would it be?"

"Anywhere?" I asked.

"Yes.  Would it be the face, to defile her?  Or the breasts, a more sensual option?  Maybe it would be on the outside of her pussy, to claim your 
territory.  Or inside, to impregnate her.  Or maybe, akin to now, you would like to come in her ass, where nobody else has been?"

"Wherever she would be happy for me to come," I replied.  She laughed.

"That's no answer."

"In her ass.  To show I was special."

"I think we can arrange that.  Would you like me to take off the condom?"

"Yes," I said, not expecting her offer.  She slid quickly off me, and peeled the warm condom from my dick.  She resumed her previous position, and 
slid down onto me.  I am not sure if I physically felt the difference, but in my mind there was a big change.  There were no barriers between us.  
Only lubricant separated us as she began sliding up and down my dick, encased in her tunnel.  To my delight, she slowly increased her speed.

I moaned and groaned and writhed beneath her as she slowly drew my orgasm from me.  I finished, bucking beneath her as I spurted inside her, my semen
being pushed along my internal ducts and out into hers.  When I had finished she leant forwards to whisper in my ear again.

"You know, I always preferred the idea of coming on the face.  You might want to close your mouth."  With that, she pulled herself off me.  I felt her
rearrange herself so that she was sitting on my face.  Just as I had earlier, I felt her soft derriere on my face, and I knew that her asshole was 
above my mouth.

I could not see the scene in the darkness.  I opened my mouth.  I felt my come drip down into my mouth and I accepted it readily, swallowing the
salty cocktail for 
her.  She lowered herself, and wriggled around, smearing come directly on my face.  I was hers, to do with as she pleased.  My cock twitched even
in its slumber.  When she had finished, she got up off the bed.  My face was a sticky mess.

"Did you enjoy that?" she asked.

"Yes," I said, not knowing which aspect she was referring to.  Not that it would have changed my answer.

She lent over me and kissed my forehead while she worked to uncuff my hands.

"Obsession is blind," I thought I heard her whisper.  "See you next week," she informed me, and I heard her footsteps heading to the door.  I closed
my eyes, to avoid the flinch of the bright light from outside the door, to avoid catching a glimpse of the woman in the light.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





