BDSM Library - Execution of Danish cartoonist




Execution of Danish cartoonist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Some iranian people abduct 2 danish cartoonist and make them stand trial






Execution of Danish cartoonist.



1. The events leading up to her capture.



Sarah sat in her cell and thought about the event leading up to her execution. It was only two years 

ago that she received an order from a Danish newspaper to drawing a picture of the damn prophet.



She had lived her entire life in Denmark and had devoted her life to her work. She liked her work as 

a cartoonist even though it was not well paid and she had not a say of what kind of drawing she 

should draw. It was her employer who decided what to draw. She had never had a boyfriend and she 

was still a virgin. She had never been outside Denmark. Even tough she thought that she did know 

about other cultures because she like the most of the population in Denmark did have a 20 canals 

sat-TV.



Like many Danes she did not know much about Islam. Of course she saw the news program where 

Muslims did blown them selves up and of course she like the most of the Danish population did buy 

her Colas in a small shop owned by a man from down there. She did not know exactly from which 

country the shop owner did come from.



It was not even the same shop owner every time because he like most of these shops owners in 

Denmark did sell his stop to a "cousin" after some 3 or 4 months and then left Denmark. The 

Danish Tax department would otherwise close the shop if the shop owners did not do it because 

they sell false bus cards, stolen phone cards and colas smuggled in from Poland.



So of course she like the rest of Denmark was surprised when the whole drawing conflict did 

explode all over the Middle East. At once she was contacted by the Danish secret police that 

assigned two cops to her protection. At first she was frightened especially because some guy down 

in Iran did promise a reward for her and the other cartoonists death. All she had done was to do her 

job.



After some time the Danish government decided that it was time to stop the international 

involvement of Denmark. The troops were redrawn from various places around the world. Human 

aid organizations where dissolved because none wanted aid from Denmark anyhow. The Danes did 

get tax reductions and a happier times seems to come to Denmark. The drawing crisis as far as the 

Danish population did concern did have a positive outcome.



Sarah continued her work. She did cartoons but of course none did order new drawings of the 

prophet. After 18 months the Danish secret police did redraw their protection but she was tolled not 

to tell about her line of work.



After a busy week she one Saturday did went down to the small shop after some cola. Again it was 

a new owner. She was the only customer in the shop. Just as she was ready to pay a trapdoor opened 

in the floor below her. She went down in the basement where she landed on a stack of pillows. At 

once the trapdoor closed above her and someone in the dark seized her. She did feel a needle in her 

arm and then it went black..





2. In Iran and the trial.



When she woke she did not know for how long she had passed away. She woke in a kind of prison 

cell. It was rather hot in the cell. Then the door of the cell did open.



A kind of priest did come in. He presented himself as Haji Rezaii and that he was a religious judge 

of the small town of Neka. He did inform her that she was about to be put on trial along with 

another cartoonist they too had abducted.



He also informed her that she was free to call the Danish embassy in order to get a lawyer and that 

she properly did have a need for a good defense because her crime was to serious that she would be 

punished by death.



She did a she was tolled and the next day her lawyer - Ahmed - did show up. He said. "All tough I 

personally do not like these cartoons I am a lawyer and would try to get you acquitted. The Danish 

government have protested and every Muslim in Denmark have been captured by the police and 

have been put into camps and Denmark have of course like UN made a protest against Iran. But I 

feel that now even a pressure from the entire world would influence the outcome of this trial."



After some two days it was time for the trial. Sarah tried to explain that she only did draw cartoons 

that other ordered and the newspaper did decide the subject the cartoon should be about. The judge 

did listen and the prosecution did not say anything but a statement that the case spoke for it selves 

and no further evidence was needed.



The judge then said that he would announce the verdict next Tuesday so the town could have time 

to prepare the execution if she was found guilty. She would have to wait for two days. She was 

asked if she used her left or right hand she worked. She did find it a rather strange question but she 

replied:&nbsp; "Left".



The next day her lawyer did visit her in the prison cell. He was very sad. He tolled her that the other 

Danish cartoonist who also was abducted had been found guilty. His sentence was that he should 

have his both hands chopped off and then when the doctors have stopped the bleeding he should be 

taken to the execution place where he should be flogged with 50 laces and finally he should hang by 

his neck until he died.



"Why both hands?" She asked. "He would not inform the judge of with which hand he did his work. 

The Judge ruled that any hand that did such a crime should be chopped of. Chopping is a hard word. 

Actually a team of professional doctors would operate him so he can survive for the rest of his 

punishment." Ahmed replied.



Sarah cried now that she realized that she not only would loose her life but also loose her hand 

before she died.



On Tuesday she was brought back to court for her sentence. The Judge ruled: "You have been 

found guilty and you would be sentenced to be hanged by your neck until you die on the next 

Sunday. I personally would have condemned you to loose your left hand too, but you have been 

willing to work with court and the court would reward your co-operation by letting you get off as 

easy as the law permits.". "Easy off" she shouted and was pulled kicking and shouting out of the 

courtroom.





3. Preparation



Now it was Sunday morning and Sarah was looking out the windows thinking that this would be the 

last sunrise she would ever see.



The cell door did open and a man nearly 6 feet high did enter her cell. He said "My name is Ibrahim 

and I am your executioner for today. Personally I do not have anything against you and with the 

whole event televised on several international TV-canals I also would have the entire process run as 

smoothly as possible. We would have more than 10000 people as spectators and large TV screens 

have been set up, so even people which can not get close to the newly constructed platform can see 

you close-up."



"First I must ask you if you are virgin. We are not allowed to hang virgin and I expect you to tell 

the truth right away because you would be examined by a doctor later." He said. "I am a virgin" She 

shamefully replied.



"OK this we must take care of. Iran have been under immense pressure from the outside world and 

with the whole event televised we would spare the TV spectators outside Iran from the worst of 

your suffering" he said.



"I will now take you to the preparation room where we together would prepare you for the main 

event." He continued.



Two guards did enter the cell and they took hold of each of her arms and literally carried down the 

hall to another dungeon looking bathroom.



"It is time for a checkout by our doctor. Take off all your clothes and lie on top of this table on your 

stomach with your feet on the ground" she was commanded. As she did lie down wide leather straps 

was bound around her body and her feet was secured to the ground by two leather cuffs bound to 

some D-rings on the floor. Her arm was pulled out in front of her and always secured by leather 

cuffs to the wall. The she was stretched out until she could not move. As she cried out because 

someone did touch her at her genitals, a wide leather gag was forced into her mouth and now she 

could only bring muffled sounds on.



"First we must clean out her anus so she do not make a mess of her self and the fine new 

platform. To do this properly we are going to give you up to 4 enemas of 4 liters. Try and hold them 

as long as you can. If you can hold them for a long time we could be content with only two enemas" 

- a man properly the doctor explained.



A sharp pain struck her body as he put tube into her ass. She could only let out a grunt. Slowly she 

did feel the hot water filling her stomach. It did hurt her so much and she fought her restraints but it 

did not work. A huge pressure did built up inside her stomach and when the 15 minutes was over 

and the enema bag was empty she immediately did spill the contents out over the floor. "Oh. It was 

not good. Now we have to do all of the four bags" - the doctor said. 



Sarah cried quietly in her gagged shape. 3 further enemas did follow and finally the doctor was 

satisfied. Then they cleaned her entire body with cold water, which made her scream and shiver. 

"Now for a solution of the virgin situation. All must leave the room". Sarah waited in fear.



"Just a minute. I have to take this hollow strap-on and put it over my penis. Your Danish girls have 

a so bad reputation that I would not risk a sexual disease even though you claim that you are a 

virgin. Technically I would come in your cunt. Of course you would not have the pleasure of my 

juices but it would count as your losing your status as a virgin." - he said.



He did step behind Sarah. With a powerful trust he forced the strap-on into cunt making her 

screaming into the gag. She bit a hard as she could into the gag with tears streaming down her 

cheeks.



It did not take long. He did come after 10 or 12 strokes because he like most of his countrymen 

were not able to use his "tools" for long. However the strap-on did make it possible for him to work 

on Sarah properly and when he finally did pull out she was bleeding a lot from her cunt. "Shit" - He 

thought. She must be able to participate on the main event in the afternoon.



He quickly seized a bottle of surgical spirit and did poor out over her genitals. Sarah almost did 

jump of the table but of course she was bound to thoroughly in order to move. She shivered and 

cried quietly when the doctor did clean her and called for the guards. 



"We have been ordered to secure that you do not suffer the entire 30 minutes a hanging like yours 

normal take. The TV-canals have paid huge amounts for broadcasting this event and in return our 

government have promised that the length of the event would not exceed their normal time between 

the commercials."



"First we are going to put you in this corset to we can minimize the air you would be able to have in 

your lunges. Remove the leather straps around her body but keep the cuffs and the gag" - he 

ordered.



It was a under breast leather corset and they started to lace it on her back. Slowly she felt how she 

was nearly cut in halves. Two of the guards did pull the laces and the doctor climbed onto the table 

and sat a foot on her back. She began to feel dizzy and the room was floating around. After some 5 

minutes of tugging they stopped and the doctor said: "It is made of leather and the fabric have to 

rest before we continue". They left the room leaving Sarah sopping and bound.



After some 5 or 10 minutes they returned. They removed her gag, which was wet and nearly ripped 

from her biting into it. She could not however take air into her lunges and could only grunt when 

the continued their lacing. "Fine" - the doctor said. "We have reduced her waistline by 2 inches."



"Next for securing that she do not make a mess of her selves during the event. Even though we have 

cleaned her we must secure that no accident happens during the event." He went for another table 

where he took some kind of leather strap up. "First we must put this wide butt plug into her rear." 

As he started Sarah cried out as soon she found the gag put in place again. When the widest point of 

the plug, which was a little over a inch wide passed her ring she started to shiver uncontrolled. 

Finally it was in place. Then came a dildo for her cunt. It was quickly rammed into her, which gave 

her a shock and she screamed but of course they could not hear her because of the gag. The strap 

was buckled onto the corset in the front and in the back holding both the plug and the dildo in place. 

The plug could be pumped and so they did until their was no room for an accident.



"Now her bottom is prepared. We must hurry with the rest. Release her" Sarah was released from 

the cuffs but she was so shaken that she had to be supported by the guards. She could hardly 

breathe. The gag did not make it easier.



"We have to secure your hands. Put then behind your back. We would not have the usual rope burns 

on your body as result of your rope dance when we return it to Denmark after the event. So we have 

bought these fine classic armbinders from an American company call Axovus." They bound her 

arms on her back and secured the two straps on the top of her arms so she could not move.



"There is a problem with your gag. We would prevent you from taking in air trough your mouth and 

therefore we have another gag. Remove her gag and blindfold her." As she was blindfolded and the 

gag removed she was ordered to open her mouth. She did feel something entering her mouth. She 

did panic when she felted that it was some kind of penis almost passing into her throat. She coughed 

and almost vomited but finally it went into place and a panel at the base of the penisgag sealed her 

mouth up. A leather strap secured the gag, which were tightened on the back of her head. A second 

strap went under her cheeks to prevent her from opening her mouth. Other straps went over her 

head making the movement of the gag impossible. 



"Now you are ready. Bring on the clothes. First we have to dress you in our traditional chador but in 

order to hide the gag you will also wear niqab so only your eyes can be seen. Within the execution 

starts the customized nizab have a flap so we can spare you of the sight of the spectators during 

your dancing time". Sarah screamed into her gagged and tried to kick him when he mention the 

dance. "Bitch. Get some ankelcuffs. There is no need for her to have her entire legs free. Only the 

lower part would also make a good entertainment."



After being dressed she was taken out into the hall where her executioner was waiting. "I hope it 

was pleasant". Of course Sarah could not respond. She was taken to a lorry where she was sat on a 

seat. As she sat the corset pushed against her stomach with great gain and she could feel the plug 

painfully in her ass.



4. The national festival



After a haft hour the lorry stopped at the execution place. "Look this construction was made 

especially for you and your colleagues." - the executioner said. A huge noise from more than 

10.000 people arised when they discovered that Sarah have entered the execution place. "Let me tell 

you how it works. You can see the platform. We do not believe in trapdoors because a lot of 

miscalculation could happen and we still have to care about our agreements with the TV-stations. 

At the top of the crossbar above you we have mounted a small motor to the rope, which is 

connected to your noose. With this remote control we can hoist you and lower you as we feel 

necessary."



"But you and your colleague are the main event. First we have a warm-up event. Sit down and wait 

for your turn".



The judge stepped on to the platform and announced in the speaker that the national festival was 

official opened. "Today we are going to revenge all Muslims around the world by executing two of 

the twelve cartoonist today. But first we have a warm-up number. Bring on Maryam. Maryam: You 

have been convicted to 20 laces with a bull whip because you have posed in the weekly newspaper 

in your burqa in order to earn money so you could study. A crime against morality which you shall 

now be punished for. The 20 laces would be delivered at a dry spot due to your financially situation. 

Continue:".



The poor girl was brought screaming on to the platform where her hands were fastened by two 

leather cuffs. The cuffs were attached to the rope from the crossbar. Two leather cuffs were attached 

by chains to some D-rings on the floor a meter apart. A rubber bit gag was pushed into her mouth so 

she did not scream as lout. Slowly she was hoisted into the air until she hang stretched out between 

the cuffs in the air and those mounted on the floor.



The executioner approached with the whip. He did play with it before he suddenly stroke her back 

with it. The girl let out a small scream (as much as the gag allowed). She shivered and her agonies 

were very visible. Then came the 2'nd stroke. The fighting the girl put up in her bonds were 

powerful but she did not have a chance. The Executioner quickly delivered 5-6 more strokes and 

blood was now visible around her mouth. After the 15'nd stroke the girl did lose consciousness and 

they were forced to put some smelling salt on to a stick so they could continue the punishment. The 

girl was lowered and because she was unable to stand they carried her away on a stretcher.



The judge came on to the platform again. He announced: "Now the TV-stations are on a 

commercial break. Please prepare the male cartoonist".



Sarah was in shock. From an ambulance nearby two guards came with a man between them. He was 

hooded with a heavy leather mask and something was wrong with his profile. "God. He is missing 

both his arms." - she screamed silently into her gag. He looked like a Venus statue. He was carried 

to the platform where they put a wide leather straps around his tights so he could dance. The 

man did struggle a lot with his body and tried to avoid the noose when they put it on to him. But 

without his arm he was no match for the guards. The executioner pushed the button on the remote 

control a slowly the rope was pull up so there was no slack in the rope. The male cartoonist was 

now standing on his tip-toe and sopping sounds could be heard from the inside of the hood.



The judge announced: "Welcome back from the commercial break. We are about to bring justice to 

our religion. Let the punishment begin". The executioner pushed the button and the man was lifted 

into the air. No sooner did his feet leave the ground before his feet started to kick in the air. His 

whole body turned and his legs went up and down. The crowd of 10.000 did shout "Allah Akbar" 

several time almost as they were at a football match.



After some 4 minutes Sarah toughed that she could see a bulge in the front of his trousers. Suddenly 

it started to drip from the body and his pants did become darker in the front. Sarah cried but she did 

also feel some tension in her cunt. The executioner came over to her and he could see on the look of 

her eyes that what she just needed was another pump of her plug.



After 10 minutes the body of the male cartoonist began to slow down it's kicking. After 5 more 

minutes the body went limp. The only sound was the dripping from the body hitting the floor. The 

the judge did enter the platform again. "Justice has been done. Now for the woman. But first a 

commercial break."



The body of the male cartoonist was lowered and soon carried back to the ambulance where they 

did wrap it up for shipment back to Denmark.



Sarah was brought on to platform. As she was wearing a chador it would be difficult for spectators 

to she her dance so in order so assure a good view they did put a leather strap around her tights so 

the chador did look almost like a hobble shirt.



The judge came forward again. "Welcome back from the commercial break. As a last chance for 

this poor girl to get pardon we are going to hear from her if she feel sorry for her crime." He put the 

microphone close to her face but because of the penisgag Sarah could not utter a single sound. "No 

remorse." He shouted. "Then it is time for you to pay for your crime."



The executioner came forward with the noose. Sarah tried to move away from the noose but soon it 

was tightened around her neck. Using the remote control the noose hoisted so there was no slack 

and Sarah was forced up on her toes. The rope did dick into her neck but because of the fabric of the 

niqab it did not hurt so much.



The executioner came forward a pull to the flap down on her niqab so now Sarah was in darkness. 

So she waited for almost a minute because one of the camera crew did report that they needed time 

for a minor adjustment. Sarah did sweet. "When do they start?".



Suddenly she could hear a sound from above and 10000 spectators shouting "Allah Akbar". The 

rope duck deeper in and suddenly her feet could not find a place to stand on. She tried to reached 

the ground but it was of no use.



Her entire body began to fight the proceedings. She tried to pull free of the leather armbinder. Her 

hands were trying to get hold of something but there was nothing to get hold of. Her body turned 

and turned. She could only breath with great difficulties and it became harder every time she 

moved.



Suddenly her windpipe was shot completely off. She could not breathe and every time she made 

small gasps her lunges were crumpling like a plastic bag. She chocked and convulsed. Suddenly she 

felt an odd feeling from her genitals. It felt so nice. She could not control herself. She was cumming 

and a small muffled sound was heard from inside the niqab. The dildo was totally wet and it began 

to drip down on the platform.



Total in darkness as she was she could not see that her vision was failing. Her kicking have become 

frantic and she lost control of her bladder which of course became quiet visible on the chador. It 

made the crowd cheer in a final "Allah Akbar".



Sarah continued to panic. "I am going to strangle" If she did not have the large butt in place she 

would have shit all over. She had a second orgasm and then she did lose consciousness. Her body 

did shiver a little and some 20 minutes after it went limp.



"It was in the last minute due to the commercials" the executioner tought. "Where did she get all 

that air from?" He had to visit a tent because he did get a hard-on. He had to relieve himself. He 

could from the length of the queues in front the toilets see that he was not the only one with

this problem.



The judge came back of and stated: "Thank you for watching the show today. It has been a fine day 

regarding the history of Iran and it has set the standard of fighting crime committed by people 

outside our country. Never again should our fait be threaten by foreigner because we are going to 

bring them to justice."



Sarah's body was lowered and it was put in to the ambulance to be cleaned up before it would be 

returned to Denmark with only a slightly rope-burn on her lovely neck.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jens Jensen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





