BDSM Library - Brain-Busting Diana




Brain-Busting Diana
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kevin is intrigued by what others guys have said about Diana.  Could she really be what he truly wants, truly needs?







Brain Busting Diana 

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-03-21T01:00:00Z
  2006-03-21T01:00:00Z
  1
  3929
  22400
   
  186
  52
  26277
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








ADVANCE
\d4Brain Busting Diana 

by oliverc 

ADVANCE \d4

&quot;Who's that,&quot; I asked
Georges, my buddy and roommate. I was mesmerized by the sight of a blond
goddess across the dining hall. She was pretty, not stunningly beautiful but
clearly athletic, which was given away by the fact she was still in her field
hockey uniform. It had only been three weeks since I transferred to this
university from my local community college for the remaining two years of my
bacaulaurite degree. I hadn't had a steady girlfriend back home but Georges
already knew I enjoyed viewing women. It was a guy thing. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Oh, man, Kevin, you want to stay away from her,&quot;
Georges replied, any hint of his Hungarian ancestory long assimilated out of
his family. &quot;She's bad news.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Why? What do you mean by that,&quot; I asked, a little
confused at his reaction. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Well, that is Diana Kendrow, she is captain of the
field hockey team. Good-looking, sure, but she has a bit of a
reputatation.&quot; Georges looked part conspiratorial when he said that and
part gossip columnist. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;A reputation for what?&quot; I persisted. Georges knew
we were too far down the path of this tale to stop now, so as we sat down to
eat, he continued. &quot;I know a couple of guys who dated her. According to
them, she demands that any boyfriend of hers must be willing to down on
her.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4I found this line of conversation so far a little silly. So,
she likes oral sex. Big deal. In this day and age it is virtually a requirement
for both partners to be willing in that department. I told Georges that. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;No, no, no, you don't understand. Apparently, she is
very particular about how it is done. She insists on squeezing your head with
her thighs. Hard. The guys I know have nicknamed her Brain-Busting Diana. She
doesn't date much anymore, I don't think.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4Little did Georges know at that moment was how much that
last piece of information intrigued and excited me. I am the type of guy who
likes it when a woman takes physical charge in the bedroom, although I dared
not share that detail with anyone I know. Most people would think I am just
weird. I got a hard-on right there. I knew I had to speak with Diana, and hoped
she gave me the time of day, but I didn't want to do it then and there. I
waited until our meal---and Diana's---was over. Georges had to rush off to
class but I lingered until Diana was finished so I could speak to her. 

ADVANCE \d4As I caught up with her going out of the dining hall, I
realized that was Georges told me was not a trivial thing. I am 5'8&quot; and
average weight and build. Not particularly athletic but not a couch potato
either. Diana, on the other hand, was clearly in good physical shape. She was a
bit taller at 5'10&quot;, looked to be about 150lbs, had sculpted, muscular
legs and a very tight, albeit not real small butt. 








ADVANCE \d4&quot;Hi,&quot; I said, catching up with her and matching
her stride, &quot;my name is Kevin, Kevin Cromwell. I am pretty new to the
school.&quot; Diana gave me a sidewards glance without moving her head or
changing her pace or her expression. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;So?&quot; was all she offered. 

ADVANCE \d4I swallowed. She of course wasn't making this easy.
&quot;Uh, well, I confess I was admiring you from afar during lunch and was,
uh, wondering if you'd like to go out to dinner or something on Friday.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4Her answer was crisp, almost slashing. &quot;You were
sitting with Georges Siminches. You're his new roommate, I gather. I am not
particularly fond of him---or some of his friends.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4I felt embarassed and a bit ashamed for Georges. &quot;Well,
yes, he does tend to gossip. I am sorry. If it is any consolation, I didn't
pick him as a roommate, he was assigned to me.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4She continued walking but didn't tell me to go away. She
then asked: &quot;He didn't tell you about my 'reputation' yet or the
'nickname' then or you wouldn't be here trying to keep up with me.&quot; It was
partially true. Her legs were longer than mine and they made it easier for her
to keep a fast, steady pace while I had to scramble a bit. It was now or never.
She opened the door very fast, so I needed to jump through it. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Actually, he did tell me about your nickname and what
it supposedly means. It is kinda why I am here.&quot; Diana stopped and turned
on me skeptically. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Oh, really? Why? If you are trying to embarass me,
forget it. You're friends did that last semester.&quot; Her eyes bore right
through me as she had the height advantage as well as slightly higher ground. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;I wasn't here last semester and my 'friends' don't
know I am talking to you right now, unless they're looking at us.&quot; I
lowered my voice. &quot;I just think we would have fun together. I am willing
to play by your rules, be a water boy to you the star athlete.&quot; I felt
proud at my poetry, such as it was, and being able to play on something she is
obviously proud of. 

ADVANCE \d4Diana looked at me for a long time. &quot;Okay, fine, I'll
have dinner with you. But that's all right away. Any 'fun' I decide to have
will have to wait to see if I like you. But I will warn you right now, if we go
down this path, you had better be prepared to live up to your responsibilities
when the time comes or I'll REALLY hurt you.&quot; With that she wrote her dorm
room number on a slip of paper and gave it me. &quot;Pick me up at 7:00 pm
sharp at Friday. Don't be late. I'll decide where we're going then.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4The look of excitement and joy on my face must have been
very obvious because Diana's expression softened and then she added: &quot;It
would be nice to date someone with mutual 'special interests' for change. At
this conservative school, it hasn't happened.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;I know what you mean.&quot; And with that she walked
on, leaving me barely able to contain myself for the rest of the week. 

&nbsp;








ADVANCE \d4Friday Night 

ADVANCE \d4It was an interminable three days waiting for Friday. I ran
across Diana several times during the week but she barely gave me any glance of
recognition. When Friday arrived I knocked on her dorm room at 7:00 pm sharp. I
had to restrain myself from knocking too much or too loud, to avoid a spectacle
in Diana's hallway. She answered herself. All seniors get a single room if they
want one, but I as a transfer student and a junior still had to share a room.
Diana looked nice but clearly hadn't gone to a lot of trouble for our date. She
didn't wear much makeup, not that she needed it, but did wear a pair of jeans
(which I noticed were nicely tight fitting), a university sweatshirt, and a
pair of black ankle boots with a slight heel. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Hi,&quot; was her only greeting. &quot;Come in.&quot;
I went in but Diana left the door slightly ajar. &quot;Do you have a car?&quot;


ADVANCE \d4&quot;In fact, I do.&quot; I explained that I had gone to
community college for two years to save money, as I was putting myself through
school. But it required the additional expense of a car to get to and from
classes. 

ADVANCE \d4Diana nodded approvingly. &quot;Good, in that case we'll go
to the Phoenicia. Great food, nice atmosphere. I'll drive. Come.&quot; And with
that she walked out and waited for me somewhat impatiently to exit so she could
lock the door. 

ADVANCE \d4Dinner went very well. Diana was a great conversationalist
and we had no trouble filling up the time with a variety of topics. There was a
never a hint, however, of the topic that seemingly (to me) brought us together
in the first place. 

ADVANCE \d4After dinner was over, Diana suggested we see a late movie.
I readily agreed and she selected the new thriller that was out. Not the
science fiction or action movie I might have chosen, but at least it wasn't a
chick flick. By the time we returned to her dorm, it was very late. As we
approached the outside door, Diana whirled on me and said: &quot;Kevin, I have
really enjoyed our evening. With that, she took both her hand and grabbed the
sides of the head and gave me a goodnight kiss. It was a gentle, yet forceful and
controlling action. &quot;Same time next Friday, Kevin, and don't be
late.&quot; She turned back towards her dorm. &quot;Oh, and one more thing, be
a gentleman.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4She didn't specify, but I knew what she meant. I wasn't to
go talking about the details of our date to anyone. I could do that. I had a
really good feeling about the evening, about her, about everything. I would do
nothing to blow it. Nevertheless, during the week, Diana never gave me the time
of day, although on the few ocasions our eyes did meet, she gave slight smile. 








ADVANCE \d4Next Friday took agonizingly forever to arrive. When it
finally did, I rapped on her dorm room door at 7:00 pm sharp. Somewhat to my
disappointment, Diana was dressed the same as she had been the previous week.
But no matter, we went out again and had a great time. Again, however, Diana
initiated no conversation on any subject that even remotely touched on sex. I
figured she was going to keep testing me for awhile. But when it came time to
say goodnight, Diana grabbed the hair on the back of head, pushed and held me
in front of her face for a long deep penetrating kiss while at the same time
using her free hand to grab my right wrist and twist my arm behind my back. It
was a domination kiss if there ever was one! &quot;Same time next Friday,
sport!&quot; was all she said once she let go of me and disappeared inside her
dorm. 

ADVANCE \d4All week I felt a little like I was in a time warp. Friday
seemed to take forever to arrive but when it did, it felt a little anticlimatic
because I wasn't sure anything was going to happen. Diana and I seemed very
compatible: it was obvious we shared many interests in common. We had no
trouble carrying conversations on all night long, but the shadow of our
would-be sex life loomed over it all for me. Worse, I had no idea what Diana
was thinking. Around campus we would occasionally see each other and while this
past week she did not ignore me, nor did she ever do much more than
occasionally wave or give me a smile. Diana was clearly a private person,
though, because none of her friends took any special notice of me either when
we passed each other. Clearly, Diana, unlike many women, did not discuss her
private life with many people, if any. 

ADVANCE \d4When I picked Diana up for the third night week a row, she
again drove and this time we went rather afar from campus to nice, quiet
restaurant. This time, however, Diana steered our conversation rather quickly
to the issue of sex. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Kevin,&quot; she started quietly, after we had given
the waiter our orders, &quot;I have enjoyed our time together very much. You
seem to be a much higher calibre gentleman than some of the people you
associate with.&quot; Georges had really pissed her off apparently! &quot;I
look forward to spending more time with you in a more intimate setting.&quot;
She smiled. 

ADVANCE \d4I gave her what I am sure was a stupid grin back. &quot;Me,
too. I was kinda hoping maybe we could spend some of that time together
tonight?&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;I had the same idea,&quot; Diana replied, &quot;but let's
talk through this subject at hand a little more. Tell me more about you, about
your fantasies. What made you want to ask me out?&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4I hesitated at first. What comes naturally and like
lightening in one's head can be more difficult to express in words. Finally I
took the plunge. It was clear that Diana considered this a crucial point and
defining moment. &quot;Well, I guess I don't know how to put this other than to
say that I fantasize all the time of being sexually dominated by a woman. To be
honest, I can't explain why or even how it came to be that way. But from the
time I was boy and had my first sexual thoughts I have wanted to be dominated.
I didn't even realize it or understand it at first until I came across issues
of the Penthouse's Variations magazine. They would run features and letters on
the subject which utterly captivated me.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4Diana just nodded and looked at me, expecting me to
continue. I hesitated some more and she finally decided to prod me on. &quot;Go
on, Kevin. Tell me what specifically happens in that fantasy world. What do you
do? What does the woman do? If we are to continue you must totally expose
yourself to me. I have been burned by a few guys who at this point feigned
interest in this just to get into my pants. I won't make that mistake anymore.
So you're going to have to talk this through a lot and tell me what you know
and from that I will be able to tell if you're bull-shitting me.&quot; 








ADVANCE \d4She had put her cards on the table, I had to as well. So I
told her of my fantasies regarding sexual domination, bondage, and discipline.
I told her that I hadn't actually ever been able to experience any of these
things, but they seemed exciting from the magazines. What I was all done, she
nodded approvingly, and then spoke. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Well, Kevin, to a large degree the rumors you have
heard about me are true. I tend to be a dominant woman, especially in bed, and
I do dominate. Completely. Thoroughly. I'll have a submissive lover or not at
all. Do you really think you handle that---live?&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;I understood that when I heard your nickname. It's,
uh, why I asked you out in the first place,&quot; I replied. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Yes, I remember that's what you said, but some have
said that before and didn't really understand or didn't really mean it. Still,
unlike the others, you said that before we started dating and thus long before
we got to this point. Our discussion tonight clearly shows you know more about
it and have thought more about than some of the frat boys I have known. So
perhaps you do mean it. We'll just have to find out if you can handle it---and
on a regular basis---one night doesn't count. I should warn you fantasy and
reality are not the same thing. I am reality.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;You're right about that,&quot; I said, &quot;but at
this point the fantasies consume me and I have never had a relationship with a
woman because conventional relationships haven't worked for me. We never even
get to the bedroom.&quot; I hadn't actually meant to say that, but there it
hung in the air. 

ADVANCE \d4Diana's eyes narrowed. &quot;Do you mean to claim that you
are a virgin and submissive?&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Uh, yeah,&quot; I said panicked, &quot;is that going
to change things between us?&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;No,&quot; Diana replied straightening up, &quot;but
since I have never heard a guy who is in college admitting to being a virgin
before, I believe want you told me earlier. I had already come to believe it,
but this makes it a slam dunk.&quot; With a twinkle in her eye now, she added:
&quot;This will be exciting and fun for us both. I don't come across many truly
submissive guys and none who were virgins.&quot; She winked at me. 

ADVANCE \d4After that, Diana steered the conversation elsewhere,
especially as our food arrived. We finished our dinner and left the restaurant.
Diana announced we would take a room for the night at the local motel and if I
had a class on the morning I should expect to miss it.

�

ADVANCE \d4It's Not About Me 

ADVANCE \d4We pulled into to a nearby Best Western. Diana made me get
the room, which I was happy to do. Once we were settled inside, Diana got down
to business. &quot;Strip,&quot; she ordered. &quot;Take it all off. When I said
I wanted you completely exposed in all ways before me before we went any
further, I meant it.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4She sat on the edge of the bed, staring at me, waiting for
me to start. For my part, I now had a rock-hard erection. I think I had had it
since our dinner conversation. Fumbling a bit, I finally took off the last of
my clothing---my underwear. Diana just looked at me from head-to-toe. As I had
said, I wasn't a stud, but I didn't consider myself repulsive. I wasn't carry
much extra weight and had smooth, pretty hairless skin. Diana gave me look of
satisfaction. 








ADVANCE \d4&quot;Get down on your knees, Kevin.&quot; I did so.
&quot;As you must know, it will be your job to give me pleasure, for as long as
I demand, under the conditions I demand. I don't know if you have any talent in
your tongue but we will find out. If not, I am sure you can be taught. Practice
will make perfect.&quot; With that, Diana began to expose her gorgeous,
athletic body to me. She took off all her clothes except a black bra and black
lace panties. It was clear she was true blond. She pointed to her crotch and
said: &quot;You will kiss and caress me there until I say to stop. Use your
lips at first and then your tongue. Do it right through the panties for now. I
should warn you, Kevin, we'll start off gently, but it will soon get rougher. I
like my lovers physically weaker for a reason.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4Diana sat on the edge of the bed and I crawled to her on my
hands knees. As I moved in to kiss and caress the front of her panties, Diana
gently but firmly grabbed my head with her hands and guided what I did. She
gave me encouragement and instructions as I needed them. After about 10
minutes, she ordered: &quot;Take them off---with your teeth, no hands.&quot;
This took an awkward few minutes, but once it was done she grabbed my head more
forcefully and put me back to work. She had a hold of my hair now. Within a
couple more minutes she had locked those beautiful long legs of hers around my
body---I couldn't escape now even if I wanted to. When it was clear to me that
she was approaching climax, she forced my head into her with enormous strength.
I couldn't breath because her pussy lips had formed a perfect seal around my
mouth and nose and, even though I was starting to resist, Diana had all the
leverage and all I could do is struggle---but lose the struggle. &quot;Don't
even think of stopping now!&quot; I think I heard her say. The struggling
seemed to excite Diana more, however, because right when I was starting to
panic over my ability to breath and make noises to that effect, she came, long
and kind of violently. 

ADVANCE \d4Diana then let go of me and laid back on the bed. I fell to
the floor, recovering my breathing. She then leaned up: &quot;Oh, Kevin, that
was delicious for a first timer.&quot; &quot;Yes, well, after a certain point I
don't think I was doing much, just acting like your dildo.&quot; She smiled at
that and leaned over toward me. &quot;Get used to it!&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4Diana then invited me on the bed. &quot;Crawl on my lap with
your ass in the air.&quot; When I did that, she grabbed my right wrist and
twisted it hard behind my back. &quot;While you have done nothing wrong as yet,
Kevin, I need to make clear early how this will work. In minute I will give you
your few basic rules, but as my submissive lover, I will discipline you when
and for how long as I like.&quot; And with that she began spanking my behind
hard, but rubbing erotically in between blows. &quot;This is an important
feature of our togetherness, Kevin, if you are prepared to take it. If you
can't, say so now and we can go our separate ways,&quot; and she continued
smacking. My penis was rock hard at this development and even though I didn't
really enjoy the spanking, the whole situation, this pretty, sexy, dominant
blond authoritatively, firmly, and even lovenly disciplining me was fast
becoming addictive. She finished after about 10-12 blows. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Now lay back and spread your arms above and you
legs,&quot; she commanded. She pulled out a bunch of men's ties and tied all
four of my limbs to the bed frame. Then she slapped my face, rather hard!
&quot;Understand this completely, Kevin, in this relationship I command. Completely.
In the bedroom, of course, your submission must be total, but even outside I
decide what we do, when we do it, and I expect your deference to me at all
times. I won't embarass you, but I won't put up with any macho behavior on your
part for show. If I call you at the last minute to go out, then you must cancel
any plans you have and come to me. Do you understand?&quot; 








ADVANCE \d4&quot;Yes, Ma'am,&quot; was my natural reply. &quot;I like
that Keven, but you should also expect to address me as 'Mistress' when we are
together, in private. Clear?&quot; &quot;Yes, Mistress!&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4With that she undid her bra, exposing a most gorgeous pair
of breasts, bent over and ordered me to suckle her. I did so with enthusiasm.
But her enthusiasm began to grow, too---into smothering me. After first
offering me her nipples to pleasure, she pulled away briefly before
repositioning my nose and mouth between them. It seemed like an affectionate
embrace at first, but she then grabbed my head with one of her hands and press
herself harder onto me, all the while grinding her groin against my leg. The
more excited she became, the more she sealed my face to her breasts, cutting
off all my hair. Within a minute I was uncomfortable, within a minute and a
half I was struggling to grab a breath. After what seemed like an eternity she
let go long enough for me to loudly exhale and suck in life-giving oxygen. Then
she repeated the process several more times, only stopping after she had
masturbated herself to an organism. As scared as it made me, I was intensely
excited, certain my cock was going to explode, yearning for some relief from
Diana---my mistress---but there was no indication she too concerned about my
needs. It wasn't about me. I could only hope she would before she was through
with me. 

ADVANCE \d4Brain-Busting Diana 

ADVANCE \d4Diana now untied me from the bed and retied my hands behind
by back and my feet together. We were taking a bit of a rest, but Diana made it
clear she wasn't done. She snuggled in beside me, resting my head near her
breasts gently stroking my hair. &quot;Don't worry, Kevin, I haven't forgotten
about you. I know you want to come, but I am having too much fun to take care
of that just yet (giving my cock a firm squeeze), but we will. You won't leave
this room as a submissive virgin.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;Thank you, Mistress,&quot; was about all I could
manage in the swirl of emotions and sensations of the evening thus far. 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;You still have to learn what the nickname you heard is
all about, before you decide you want us to continue dating.&quot; After about
10 or 15 more minutes of idle chatter in which Diana asked about a few scars on
my body or shared a story or two about some of hers, or other small talk, she
began to maneuver our bodies suggesting our activities were resuming. 

ADVANCE \d4The hotel had a king-sized bed. &quot;Scoot down,
Kevin,&quot; she said, pointing to the lower half of the bed. In the meantime,
she had taken all of the pillows and propped them up behind her. She laid back
and parted her legs. I was laying on my side on the bottom-half of the bed and
saw once again her magnificient body in all its splender. With a twinkle in her
and slight smile on her lips, she said nothing but called me forward by
repeatedly curling her index finger in the universal &quot;come here&quot;
motion. I was to worship at her female alter once again. 

ADVANCE \d4With some difficulty that amused Diana, I wriggle my face
and body where she wanted them and resumed licking her pussy again. As she did
before, Diana grabbed my head firmly with the hands, but unlike before, she
immediately enclosed her muscular thighs around my head, locking her ankles and
resting them on my back. I could not move my head an inch and could hear very
little. As she took pleasure from my tongue, she began to squeeze. 








ADVANCE \d4The more exited she became, the harder she crushed my head
between her gorgeous thighs. As it became uncomfortable, she suddenly let go
and pulled my head up and looked me in the eye. &quot;Continue,&quot; was all
she said, before shoving my face back into her pussy and applying the vise-like
clamps of her legs again. A couple of times we did this, start, stop, start,
stop. But then she didn't stop. As I continued it became clear that she would
soon come again, but rather than stop she squeezed harder and harder. She was
moaning loudly, had a fiece grip on my hair with her hands, but was crushing my
head so hard between her thighs that when she lifted her legs off the bed as
she came, my whole head and chest went with her and I blacked out to a state of
semi-consciousness, and barely able to hear her scream of sexual peak. 

ADVANCE \d4When I became more awake, I had a tremendous headache, I was
still down again on the bed, and my cock was semi-hard. Diana laid beside me
and seeing I was coming to offered me some water. &quot;Yes, thank you,
Mistress.&quot; She had me sip from a cup with straw from the hotel room.
&quot;Well, Kevin, I guess that is where my 'nickname' came from.' I hope you
can recover quickly, because we aren't quite done yet.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4&quot;My head really hurts, but it is getting better
already,&quot; I answered. &quot;That wasn't what I was hoping would recover
quickly,&quot; she dead-panned. She climbed onto and then straddled my chest.
As she looked me in my eyes, and I into hers, she quickly stroked my cock back
to a raging erection. &quot;This is it, lover,&quot; she said and then moved
down and impaled herself on a part of my body that had never known such bliss
before in its life. It was warm and velvety, and I was in a physical and
emotional esctasy. Alas, it did not last long because I did not. I came within
a minute, screaming so loudly she put a pillow over head to muffle the sound. A
fitting end that Diana clearly expected and probably wanted. 

&nbsp;

ADVANCE \d4Epilogue 

ADVANCE \d4I am Diana's now. We're both in college and still have lots
to do, but we try to see each occasionally during the week. Every weekend
night, however, I must submit to her demands. I am working on trying not to
pass out when she &quot;brain-busts&quot; me but I don't always succeed. Her
friends and mine know that we are &quot;dating,&quot; but I never talk about
it. When I first told Georges, he first thought I was joking and then pumped me
for details, which I never gave, and then asked, &quot;how can you do it?&quot;
My answer is always the same: &quot;I don't know what you are talking about. We
have a great, normal relationship. The stuff people said about her wasn't
fair.&quot; Diana heard about the whole exchange, although I am not sure how,
was extra special (read a little gentle) with me the next time we got together.
When we had finally, intensely climaxed together, she whispered in my ear:
&quot;I was right. You are a gentleman.&quot; 

ADVANCE \d4What I told Georges were all lies, of course, but in this
case lying was good for my soul. 

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  oliverc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





