BDSM Library - Down, Out, and Fucked




Down, Out, and Fucked
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  a weird meeting, a crazy commin together






(a story)they both sat silently in the black cab as the cockney cabbi chatted inanely about the previous evenings the girls was dresses like some sort of neogothic cyber pixie, thigh length bright orange boots, and a mini skirt that barely seemed to go below the pale white of the top of her legs. A cheap leater jacket barely covered her petite frame. richard seemed to hide behind his glasses as the cabbi sped through the deserted street of central london heading east.



they arrived at what appeared to be a deserted shop front. Richard tossed a ten note at the cabbi, and they both went inside.



the pixie , her wrists covered with prerequisite spikey bracelets, while her hair was braided into neon dreads that were tied back into a tight pony tale. they both remained silent.



the flat was a dingy two room affair. She directed richard with the tip of her hand into the bedroom. richard opened the door tripped over something on the floor as he fumbled for a light switch.



the switch found the room filled with soft red light. Revealing pagan symbols that were more akin to to 13th century witches coven rather a a shitty flat flat, above a shut chip shop, on a tatty street, in a deprressed area.



Richard tried to take notice of his surrounding, a grotty mattress layed straight on the floor, two plastic chairs, and a small white table that seemed to wobble in the light. the embers of a old fire glowed behind a metal grate on one wall. 



the girl came in with the drinks, she put two fearsome smelling mugs on the table. she watched silently as richard quickly downed the conents, gagging as the strong alchol hit the back of his throat.



the effect of the drink began to take effect. richard felt the heaviness start in his feet as a warmth came over his body. the contents of the drink bagan to have their way with his mind. movement of the body was impossible as richard tried to move his unresponsive body. the eyes worked but the body was imobilised



she stared directly into the eyes of the drugged richard. her eyes shined with the thousand yard gaze of a prehistoric preistess. she got up slowly, stepped across to the wide eyed specimen slumped on the other chair across the nasty table. suddenly she slapped him hard with an open palm, the stinging slap rang out in the otherwise silent room. she slapped him again. taking his bottom lip in her mouth she bit down hard on his dry lip, spraying blood across his white shirt.the blood stopped as she strapped a peice of heavy duck tape across is torn mouth. she spat in his face as the light finally embedded from his eyes.



richard woke, yet remained imobile, he was lying naked curled up in ball his blindfoled face buried deep in the sodden, bloody, dirty, mattress. a slave bar was stretched across the broad shoulders of his slightly overweight form, the wrists were held in place by heavy yale padlocks.



he felt the warmth of the fire heating his naked body, an ember jumped out landing, burning on his bare back, the restraints unoticed he struggled, like bird locked into a cage. he felt a heavy kick to his ribs, a mangled, barked order induced stillness.For the first time he heard heavy bass as psy trance boomed into his ears.



the preistess stripped naked slowly and deliberately, snsuausly sliding out of the tiny shirt to reveal a hairless groin. hanking up the leather jacket on one of several large hooks placed around the room. she unclipped the bra leaving the pholorescent boots the trance throbbed.



she rumaged around on the garbage filled floor, saw what she was lookin for it and went to grap it. 



the girl strapped a large and deepely idged dildo to her gymnasts frame. tightnening the straps until the reddess showed on her white body.



she strutted over to ther bed picked her way easily through the shit covered floor. using the heal and toe of her right boot she began to violently probe and stretch the sweaty arse of the prone body. removing her foot she sank to her knees. she pushed the tip of the dildo into the arse. Suddenly and with one movement grabbing the slave bar with both hands she heaved her small but compact body and with all the force packed into her frame she pushhed the entire length into the unsuspecting colon of the dofy.



she smiled as she felt the entire length of the body embedded on her a direct line of control passing through her crotch into the sternum, along the spine, into the neck and across the shoulders. the body heaved as the heavy tape suppreseed the guttral squeal of the body.



she fucked him



the perspiration streamed across their bodies, mingling with the blood and shit that was dribbling from the savaged ring. Her heavy metal bracelets had cut deep gauges at the bac, straming blood in angry rivers across the naked back. The drugs had worn off has richard entire being raged with intensity.



pulling out the dildo she rolled the lumbering body on to its front. ripping away the gaffa tape, she pulled away the remainder of the torn lip. blood flowed again across the body.quickly she forced the full length of the meared dildo into his mouth leaving him to gag coughing on the end of the spear. raising her palms to heaven she rejoiced at the amazonian beauty of the moment





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  acidflux


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





