BDSM Library - Dr Bio




Dr Bio
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  The beginning of a psychotic doctor, and hie experiments






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr Bio and his experiments(extreme,body mod,rough,teen,preg)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -by stHell66

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A story of horror and violence, beware! a doctor and his uncontrolled lust of violent rapes. A warning to the reader. You have been warned-ah ah aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; About a psychopath doctor practicing medicine, doing surgery's on helpless teen girls.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The cries of the hapless teenage a scream that could be heard thru the asylium. As Dr Bio bites into the moist teen breast, ripe to be bit. The hapless teen, armless of a surgery he did a week ago, fights her straps that hold her legs wide apart on a exam table. The bad Doctor comb his bald hair away from his face to see the horror in the girl's face. These is what turned him on not just the sex but the prey and game the torture of the sample that he labeled and called them not by names but numbers and letters. He thrust&nbsp; his jabbed metal condom into the sample, making her scream again. Oh what a lovely sound to his ears. He ripes off his shirt showing his many scars of other prey that gave him a fight. But this one wouldn't as he continues to jab the cutting condom into the bleeding cunt. His sweat drips onto the victims belly as he fucks her. The end of the condom bust so he can inject his vile sperm into her womb. He loved making the samples pregnant making them carry a baby to full term and then torturing them as they give birth. He grabs her nipple rings and yanks on them and bites her neck till he draws blood. This time was too quick but the whore knew better to say any thing. Many times he came to quick, but if it was to quick the sample would pay the price. THe sample gasps for air lite headed from the torture, blood loss and screaming. Her blood and his cum drips down to her ass to the exam table on to the mable chess style tile floor. He cums inside the sample, as he commons down "good bitch good bitch making your Master cum. I'll give you a good potion today, A full bowl of roach soap." He gently and carefully takes his cock out between the stuck jabbed condom inside her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I should get that out but not today, sleep my little whore." As he gives her a shot to make her sleep.

&nbsp;&nbsp; He was such a gifted surgeon, to bad he wasn't very moral. Both him and his Sister Helga where made not born pyschopaths, but social pyschopath if you were to see them on the streets about their reign of terror they were quite likable. Dr Bio was on his way of finishing his degree, one of the bright interns at Capital City Memorial hospital, as a surgeon he had no equal, so precise so gifted. But he hated and lacked the personal skills of basic physician skills, he was impolite, rude to the nurses, especially when they question his orders, and caught his mistakes. He lived with his sister in a incestous relationship of some type. His Sister Helga, let her brother practice on his sewning with her own body, today was a deep long cut that she did herself on the right side of her thigh. He sewned her up in minutes with medical sewn that he stole in the hospital. Helga was a big girl 70ins tall about 230 pds vs Dr Bio 69ins tall 170pds, both of german accent and proud of it. Some of Dr BIo's favorite books is the manuscripts of the doctors in the consatation camps. After his first book of some german surgeon in south america that did experiments on prisoners, he knew what he wanted to do. The german surgeon made the women have sex with dogs and horses injecting them with hormones, he experiment was to come up with a muliations.&nbsp; He came close but none of the pregnancy made it thru the 2 tri-semister. He last one was 9 mons when he was caught, him and and pregnancy girl was shot.

&nbsp;&nbsp; He did have to work on a few community cases to finish the last 2 yrs, before he became a full registered doctor. One was this girl barely 15( 9 mons pregnant) very pretty who's boyfriend had left her and she was depressed. He was delighted with this case, he could prevert this, make it his stand out case. The girl had no family, mother kicked her out of the house, she lived in a homeless shelter. She came in every 2 weeks as he requested. He would make her strip as he start exammed her breast inject both nipples with hormones that made them produce milk and swell. The room was cold he would give the nurse a order to leave him and his victim. HE would exam her most private and sensitive of parts with the cold metal spectum, that he made sure was in the refrigerator just mins before. But today a patient in the morning had a yeast infection, he was going to use that instrument on her- "that would show that cunt" he thought, "I would take care of this bitch she's to young to mess up her life but I don't mind messing it up for her."

&nbsp;&nbsp; He got off on her pain, he would tell his siter Helga about his exam and visits with the poor girl. THey would make wild freaky sex after the conversation. He started her on pyschotics, gave her hormones that she had to inject in her pecky teen breast to make them produres milk. He told her that she was only 6 mons pregnant that the doctor badly miscaluated the delivery date, he was going to make her carry the baby 2 to 3 months more.&nbsp; He would get next to her stretched wide cunt and smell her teen cunt, even those she was homeless, she still washed herself esp before her exams. She was clean and fresh for now. He would drop his pants and jack-off as he exammed her, he would explod his seed in a medicine cup that he said was medicine that she had to take. HE would inject her labia lips with fluid that make her lips swollen and itch, he couldn't resist seeing her clit, he had inject that filfty little thing. He gave her his cell-phone #, and to call him if she had any problems.

&nbsp;&nbsp; It wasn't long just that night, she couldn't pee, her pee hole was swollen, and she was itching, cramping and her bladder was full. The hormones he gave her would start to make her cramp, even start having constractions. He was going to make her carry the baby with constractions as long as he could make her suffer. He saw her at the hospital, he catheterized her so she could pee. He enjoyed seeing her labia lips were so swollen it was hard to get the speclum inside her. She was so red and raw, he enjoy ea min of the exam. He gave her genetric "do nothing" pills he knew the fluid in her clit and labia was only temporany but the yeast infliction wasn't, but he didn't tell her a thing.

&nbsp;&nbsp; She came in 2 days later with fever and cramping pain, after talking her out of going to the hospital that night. She looked horrible her eyes baggy blood shot,with no sleep cause of the cramping. She complainted about the cramps, hard to pee,and when she did it was burning pain, and a smelly yellowish discharge from her vagina. She was in pure hell, all he thought is how long could he keep her in this hell. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Each week was worse, and pain was worse, the smell,then finally he knew he would have to do something, her mother came with her. He had got away with it for months, he got off on her agony and pain, making her indure another week after week. Her labia lips were swollen shut, yellow puss and urine oozed out and the smell she dropped the gown and the odor filled the room. But mother was there,She said he didn't have the experience to deal with her daughter. Before he could clean her up put her on stronger antibodies/anti-fungal for the yeast, another doctor saw her,and it was his teacher.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Fortunely the child liked Dr Bio and her mother didn't care enough to press charges or told that she could. The state and school hind the situation, so he wasn't charged. His linenses to practice in that state was revoked. He moved to another state and stole and killed doctor's linences and idenity to practice and run a asylium. He makes a pretty fortune running a asylium for the criminal insane,he called "misunderstood" for a small fortune. The patients were the worse, the state had no death penalty(more then just murders,psychotic rapist). His money cames from the state and private indivivual that can't handle their insane loved ones. He loved it he could work on his experiments now all he needed was samples to experiment on.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Club Asylium teen goth club" was invented, he would work on his experiment as Helga would run the Asylium.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  stHell66


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





