BDSM Library - Woman Of The Night




Woman Of The Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The true goal of these stories is to excite women. This one takes an unusual approach. You can actually star in this fantasy. The only question is. Will you take this challenge?










v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


 &quot;Woman Of The Night&quot;





 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  1
  1
  2006-04-27T14:45:00Z
  2006-04-27T14:46:00Z
  1
  2867
  16346
   
  136
  38
  19175
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;&quot;Woman Of The Night&quot;

&nbsp; &nbsp; Are you an independent woman between thirty-five and sixty years
of age?
Are you in good health, bright, up for interesting challenges, sexy when
motivated, and do you have a good earthy sense of humor? Would
you enjoy being
erotically tortured until you have at least five major climaxes in five hours
with each more powerful than the last? Clearly you might have some marks
on your
body but they should fade in a few days. This fantasy, of course, is only for
a very sensual woman.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We are searching for a rare woman with these interests. If
chosen you
will star in more feature length documentary films than any one woman has ever
starred in. &nbsp;Your life will be forever changed and you will certainly
never
need to worry about earning income. If you are in a major relationship this may
not be a desirable role for you. &nbsp;These films are about the study of deep
pleasure and challenging passion in your actual life. &nbsp;This is a true
documentary
series. It would be a very rare, self confident, and
broad minded lover who
would be comfortable with you being our 'woman of the night&quot;. &nbsp;Also,
if you are


or have been an actress, this series is not for you. We will not work
with
anyone who pretends to have emotions she doesn't actually feel.
&nbsp; &nbsp; For the record, we do not seek a woman who looks in physical
appearance
like a typical actress. The series is about real life. We will make the final
casting decision based on your inner qualities and spirit much more than your
outer appearance. However, we have been preparing to do this series for many
years so we do have a general image in mind. If several women of good
comparable inner qualities emerge we might tend to select a larger woman rather
than a
smaller one. Our series would be of greater interest to women if our star was
six feet tall, weighed one hundred eighty pounds, and looked as if she enjoyed
being in her mid forties or mid fifties. It would be unusual for us to cast a
five foot, hundred pound woman whose appearance might irritate other women.
&nbsp; &nbsp; We are a couple. I, the male, have spent my
&nbsp;entire life creating a wide
variety of documentary programs. I am something of a video pioneer. We are
not famous or rich but you have heard of some of my projects. We have high
artistic and technical standards and do own and operate a modestly successful
broadcast quality production studio. We make a living doing music programs but
our
primary focus is creating idealistic documentaries about the lives of women.
We are two single parents of three children each. We each have an older son and
two younger daughters. So far we have eight grand daughters and two grand
sons. Clearly we tilt toward the interests and needs of women. I am a radical
feminist. I am also seventy-five years old and while I enjoy excellent health,
I
need to do this series in the next year or so or it may not get done. My bride
of twenty-four years is younger than I. We co produce, co direct, and co edit
our programs. I focus on technology, artistry, and creativity and she focuses


on management and marketing.
&nbsp; &nbsp; If you try out for this role and get on our list of possible
choices we
will eventually need to meet. Though we spent our full adult lives and careers
in Hollywood, our current studio is near Branson, Missouri.
If chosen, you will not get rich while we create this series. We will feed
and house you in the same simple but pleasant manner we feed and house
ourselves. Your in depth compensation will, like ours,
come from a fair share of future
income this series will generate if properly created and marketed. This is a
very unique series. No producer has ever created as many films as we plan
starring and exploring in depth the passion of one woman. Recently I wrote a
brief
overview of the you that exists in my mind. Before we
get to the details of
torture you might explore in this documentary series, perhaps my thoughts about
you will interest you.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Many
Women Inside You
&nbsp; &nbsp; It is important that you understand that your body has two basic
parts.
Each part lives its own unique life though there is constant interaction. This
is true only of the bodies of women. The basic division into two distinct
parts began when you were a very young girl. Perhaps by the age of three you
began to realize that you had an outside and an inside and these two parts were
very different.
&nbsp; &nbsp; For all of the years between then and now everyone but you has
responded
to and at times interacted with the outside of your body. Only you have been
aware of the inside. While the outside has changed somewhat
over the years
these changes have been gradual and somewhat predictable. This is not
true of the
inside of you. A group of women have been born at different times inside you.
They are not only different ages. They are radically different in
personalities. They have an amazing variety of very distinct desires, opinions,
needs,


and fears. They compete with one another endlessly for control of the
outside of
your body. One is shy and she is born when you are quite young...and as your
outside ages she remains young. In time, a different woman is born and she
rather enjoys showing off now and then. She may begin as a tom boy but when your
outside body changes in the teen years she becomes at times nervously sexy.
She is curious about life styles and is particularly interested in some other
bodies. In your mind she may at times become brazen...and when she wins
temporary control of your outside she has far more fun with your outer surfaces
than
the shy girl ever does.
&nbsp; &nbsp; A &nbsp;'can do' independent women is
born in you some time during your early
school years. Though out your life she is often in control of
your outside.
She is practical. She has common sense. She is good in school and after that
she is good at the work you do to produce income.
&nbsp; &nbsp; She often argues with a completely different woman born in you as
your
outside changes from girl to woman. This one is a romantic dreamer. She loves
certain fantasies and she is idealistic. She and the 'can do' practical woman
argue about relationships throughout your entire life. Right now, each has her
own list of who you should or should not relate with and absolutely different
ideas of what to do with your outside body as a relating tool.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; And then, perhaps after some early life relationship
failures, a woman
may be born in you who is simply a hot sexy woman
ready for new challenges to
explore. Sometimes she only gets control of your outside by getting you drunk
or loaded. She is one of the least explored but most fascinating women in you.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sometime after high school, but still in younger years, a
sweetheart is
born in you and perhaps at some point a wife. Eventually, a true lover may be
born in you though this is quite rare and never comes before sweetheart and


wife. Each of these is a totally different woman. They dress, act, and
speak
differently because their interests, desires, and life experiences are very
different. While the shy girl is binge prudent, and the 'can do' practical one
is
earning a living, and the sexy one is impatiently waiting for Saturday night,
the sweetheart and in time wife is living and exploring an actual
relationship. Clearly, this affects most decisions about what to do with the
outside of
your body. These choices involve actual physical sensations. When the outside
of
your body is touched the nerve endings in your skin rush messages to that
gang of very different women who live inside you and there are extraordinary
arguments about what to do next or not do and why or why not can get very
confusing and noisy.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;None of these different types live in males. I am a male
and I can tell
you exactly who lives in us. There is a demanding two year
old you have all
met often. There is a horny sixteen year old. There is
a self absorbed grouch.
That is about it and these three rarely talk at the same time. It is quiet
inside of us. You ask us &quot;what are you thinking?&quot; &nbsp;We say
&quot;nothing&quot;. &nbsp;You don't
believe us because it is never quiet inside you. But usually we are not
thinking and if we are, the dialogue is very short. We want simple things.
Food, sex,
booze or drugs, play and sleep. The two year old is usually in charge. The
sixteen year old wakes up when new breasts appear. The grouch works with the
two
year old when someone wants us to do something or perhaps stop doing whatever
we are doing. So, that's us. &nbsp;You may believe or hope that you have just
met
inadequate or disappointing males &nbsp;and that
better more interesting ones exist
and in time you will find some. This may be a false hope on your part.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, back to you. The outside of you
clearly has unlimited potential.


The women who live in you, however, never agree about what you should
do with
the desirable, amazing, sensational outside. There is a mean old woman who
lives
in you and she hates almost everyone in your life. If she gets angry enough
she is an absolute terror. There is a very caring humanist who lives in you and
when she sees unnecessary suffering she wants to fix things and see that real
needs are actually met. There is an artist living in you who is absolutely
unique but often is held back by the practical woman. The second half of your
life will be far more enjoyable and meaningful than the first half and she
needs
to come out more in those years. A spiritual woman lives in you, and the
habits of organized religion and political and economic reality offend her. She
also needs to be heard more in your second half. Some will say an employee may
live in you and in time a career woman. These women, of course, have their own
hair styles, wardrobe, and use well organized word choices and rehearsed
mannerisms in public.
&nbsp; &nbsp; One of the most unique and powerful woman who lives in you is a
mother.
If this one never appears, you may technically be a female but much of your
human potential will never develop. When the mother in you is born, she stays
forever. She may include the other interior women in some dialogue but she so
focuses on the humans she creates inside her own body, that the others simply
are pushed back. They wait for brief minutes or hours when children's needs
briefly rest. Sometimes in life the mother is a wife and sometimes she is not.
&nbsp;In
the long run children run so much of both your outside and inside that you
mostly seek and need rest.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now, children do grow up, though often not in the minds of
many of the
women in you. They usually eventually leave and evolve semi independent lives.
As this happens, some who have impatiently waited for years in you, now


compete more intensely for control of your outside parts. They have
long lists of
experiences never tried. They believe, as you age, they may run out of time. Do
listen to them. For so long you have met the needs of others. Finally half
way through life as you approach fifty, it may be your turn to be first on your
list. There is a long list of things you have explored enough. The women
inside have lists and challenges you might enjoy but simply never allowed
yourself
to try. You might think you won't like something but if you have never tasted
it, you are not sure. Full life involves trial and error.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And then there could be a woman in you that truly startles
you. One
day, while minding the business of the moment, you &nbsp;look
in the mirror and your
mother is looking back at you. You will never forget the first time she seems
somehow to be in your image. This could be a pleasant moment or an upsetting
one. Whatever your relationship is with other women who live in you, when you
see traits, expressions, and mannerisms that absolutely come from her, you will
clearly react. Males relate to their mothers as they often
relate to you...the
two year old wants everything and gives little. If you discover your
mother
living in you, it clearly will affect your moods.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There may be other unique women who live in you. The truth
is, the most
interesting and important dialogues in your life all take place
inside your
mind. We out here never hear those conversations. We see the outside of you and
hear your carefully edited words. Inside you compare, analyze, discuss
everything in your life. Outside, you play the careful role of whichever
inner woman
is at the controls at the moment. Your closest friend or most intense lover
does not really hear or understand &nbsp;your endless
inner thoughts, feelings, and
dialogues.
&nbsp; &nbsp; One of the reasons you are so interesting is that no one, including
you,


know which inner woman will get control of your body next, much less
have a
clue about what she might do with your various parts. We can only study the
woman you show us. We cannot know the ones you hide. My goal is to get you to
let
some of those hidden ones that make you most nervous come out and play. I
think it is their turn. They are interested in new challenges for your body to
explore. They have waited a long time. Now it's their turn. Your outside can be
a lot of fun to play with if you will let it come out and play.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We absolutely apparently do exist for at least one life
time. You
cannot learn what most pleases or excites you unless you explore. Trial and
error
teaches. Not exploring wastes life. You are totally unique. No one like you has
ever existed or ever will. Let your hidden women have their rightful days and
challenging nights.
&nbsp; &nbsp; So, now you know how I think of you. Do you want to explore this
project
with us? &nbsp;Before we explain how, you should try out for this role, we should
give you a sense of how the documentaries will be created and in particular
what will happen with both your inner women and your
outside body in the studio.
&nbsp; &nbsp; In the first five or ten feature length movies, you are not only
the
star, you are the only complete body the viewer ever
sees. We meet the women
inside you by a process we call black box video. You will talk...about your
life
so far, your most intense experiences, your hopes,
needs, and desires. We will
try to learn from and with you who lives in you and what they believe you
should explore at this midway point in your life. No script will ever exist for
these recordings. Only you can chose your own words and expressions as you tell
us how you became the unique woman you now are. We will capture your moods,
feelings, and life stories. No one on earth is as good as we are in recording
stories told by fascinating women.


&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other part of these programs
involve trial and error. We know you
can be extraordinarily passionate. What we and you have not learned is how to
arouse and excite you to the most intense levels. Eighty percent of this
process involves touching your body in ways that create sensations that totally
turn
you on. Twenty percent may be ambiance...candlelight, music, erotic hot tub,
massage, the voices of lovers, and, of course, how your body is positioned,
oiled, lit, displayed, and enjoyed.
&nbsp; &nbsp; Much love making begins with soft touching, teasing, and gentle
foreplay. That, well done, may create a first climax. Our interests, however,
focus on
your bodies desire for more intense and challenging
stimulation. What can you
handle when really fully aroused? In the beginning neither we nor you knows,
but the fascinating process of trial and error can teach us everything we wish
to learn. The outside of you can handle an amazing amount of ints
sensation....our job is to create major changes in your breathing rate, skin
color,
perspiration level and clearly to get you pulsing with pleasure, sensation,
erotic
pain and ultimately explosive climaxes. &nbsp;You teach us when you talk. We
teach
you when we stroke. To learn our real thoughts about how to excite you, look
up our story &quot;The Challenge&quot; posted in BDSM Library August 11th,
 2004. &nbsp;You may
enjoy reading it.
&nbsp; &nbsp; How long might this process take, you ask? &nbsp;No one knows. Perhaps a few
weeks. More likely the rest of your life, especially
if you and my wife like
one another.
&nbsp; &nbsp; At some point what you learn about new passions and pleasures
will bring
a new lover into your life and into our series. I believe it will be the
woman runner up you beat out for the starring role. You and she may be
different
colors on the outside and some of the women in her may be different than the


women in you. Every woman is totally unique because of this infinite variety.
She, of course, has watched every moment of every film. So far, you may have
been the student...the submissive learning what most excites you. &nbsp;It may
be her
turn now to explore that role and you may be the teacher...an independent
totally healthy woman is a sub when that pleases her and a Dom when that is
most
exiting.
&nbsp; &nbsp; Eventually perhaps, you and the other women in this learning,
exploring,
enhanced living process may consider including a male student or two in these
adventures. Clearly, any males that could meet your very detailed and
stringent criteria would study the films intensely and compete exhaustively
with one
another to be chosen to be tested by you.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Few males have learned to be great lovers because few great
lover women
have bothered to teach them. Women are great at love. Males, with their short
attention span, their fear of women, their real low sexual self esteem, and
their too quick triggers, make poor students of great intensive multi hour love
making. However, some can learn. Those who restore antique cars pay a great
deal of attention to detail. Those who fly fish have patience. The important
thing is to find males who are fascinated by women and
given a choice, always
spend time with women rather then other men. Never waste time on pretend
heterosexuals who lie about their interest in women in a vain attempt to
impress
other males. The greatest lovers will always be women but some males can be
good
students now that women are taking over the power positions males have had in
recent centuries not by merit but simply by default.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, this is our project. You are interested because you
read these
erotic fantasies and in your mind are always the star of the ones that excite
you.
In life you are either a reader or a writer. In this project, only you can


write these films. No one has ever or will ever know your inner
dialogues,
interests, fears, and passions. Only you can write and live the story of the
rest
of your life.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, if you are interested, what should you do?
&nbsp; Send an e-mail. Tell us the essentials about you. You have had
relationships, marriages, careers, kids, and you are ready to explore or you
won't send
an e-mail. &nbsp;Introduce yourself to us and encourage us to get to know you
and to
tell you more about both this project and about us. That is a beginning. Only
you can take that simple step. We hope this has given you some arousing
fantasies. Thank you for reading us.
&nbsp; &nbsp; Sincerely, The old Outlaw and his hip wife.
PS: It will be fascinating if this becomes the first major documentary series
inspired by the BDSM Library. Perhaps our films should be marketed to and
viewed and evaluated first by readers just like you. We will do a brief chapter
a
month about who tries out for our star role and how the series evolves.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Teacher of O


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





