BDSM Library - Schedules




Schedules
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Could what we fear the most actually provide the freedom we desperately crave? Do we work so hard to guard our secrets only to hope they are discovered?  A busy submissive finds out.






Schedules

by Abe Froman (c) 2006



The following story is a work of fiction. It contains scenes of an adult nature, so if you are under 18, stop reading now. This story contains explicit sexual language and fantasies involving the mental and physical control of others. If you are offended by such activities, do not read any further. This is purely a fantasy. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead is purely coincidental.



This story is written for and dedicated to Miss Porcelaina Valeriana. She is my love and addiction.&nbsp;&nbsp; Please send any comments/suggestions to me at froman.abe@gmail.com. They are appreciated and warmly received.



This story may be reposted or archived provided the following conditions are met:

1) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The story is not altered in any way

2) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The story contains my name and disclaimer

3) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You do not make money from the story





Introduction:



It is funny and wonderful that there is a powerful connection between our fears and our dreams. Could what we fear the most actually provide the freedom we desperately crave? Do we work so hard to guard our secrets only to hope they are discovered? With this, and my Lady, in mind I wrote this piece. It is my gift to her, and hopefully through Her to all those who read it.



Abe





Schedules



He hadn't seen her in too long and he missed her control acutely, as if he were missing a limb. There hadn't been any falling out, just a battle of schedules, and it was frustrating them both.



Finally, an opening had materialized, and they were both going to be free and in-town on Sunday. He begged, and she agreed to see him. He took her out to dinner at a wonderful new restaurant of her choosing. As usual, she signalled that she was ready to go when she asked for his wallet. He didn't hesitate before sliding it out of his jacket and sliding it across the table to her. She placed the pair of pink frilly panties over it, and he took them into his hand. He wasn't allowed to move too quickly, as she loved the idea that the waitress might see them before he could slide them back to his side of the table and into his trouser pocket.



While she settled up the tab, he left quietly to go the washroom. He had to put on the thong she had chosen and simply discard the boxers he had worn. It was a ritual by now while it had really embarrassed him the first time, making him frightfully aware of the possibility of panty-lines under his suit pants, now it was a welcome signal that a powerful evening was beginning.



It was a powerful evening, to be sure. She started with teasing him and moved on to restraining him in order to tease him even more. When he was ready to burst, she switched to torment, and she reddened his ass thoroughly, made his nipples pulse and swell in pain and used his mouth and ass roughly. Next she allowed him to touch her with his tongue and lips, commanding him to bring her to slow, satisfying release. Finally, as she was feeling gracious, she pushed him back and rode his rigid cock hungrily. She pulled off of him before his own release, and he was reduced to licking up his own mess from the hardwood floor.



He fetched them both drinks, and was sent into the washroom to clean up and perfume his body. He retuned to sit at her feet they drank and chatted together, reliving those moments they had both particularly enjoyed. That was the last he remembered until he awoke.



It was strange to wake up standing. Though, to be accurate, he wasn't really standing so much as he was suspended. His wrists were held in cuffs, and pulled up towards the ceiling. His feet could feel a thick carpet beneath them, but something was holding them wide, likely a spreader bar from his experience. Since attempting to open his eyes didn't get him anywhere, he could tell he was blindfolded effectively. Speaking was out of the question too, as he became uncomfortable aware of a rubber dildo gag stuffed into his mouth and buckled tightly.



He felt air moving over his body, but could also feel the tightness of some soft fabrics on him as well he was wearing something, just not much.



He moaned a bit, to at least feel the satisfaction of making some noise. He heard her voice from behind him and turned his head toward the source.



"Finally, you're awake. Nod if you feel okay."



He nodded, as her version of "okay" meant "not bleeding, not suffocating and not in blinding pain."



"Good," she said and sounded like she meant it. Her hands were moving softly and lovingly over him. "I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed last night, and how it made me confirm a decision I'd been thinking about regarding you."



Her phrase "last night" made him realize just how long he'd been asleep, but he didn't have time to think much about it, since she was continuing.



"I think we've both been frustrated by how your work had gotten between your tongue and my pussy. I know I've been annoyed that I can't simply have you when I want. So, I decided that, since I wanted it, I wouldn't be a very good Mistress if I didn't insist on it. But, since I'm compassionate, I'm going to help you give me what I want."



At that, she moved around him and pulled down what he now recognized as panties, exposing his cock and ass. She massaged his shaft and he grew quickly hard. Once his size satisfied her, she buckled a tight leather harness around his member, trapping his balls as well. Since he couldn't really bend over, trapped as he was, she gave him the gift of generous lubrication before she pushed the sizable plug up into his ass. He moaned deeply behind the gag, and she giggled as she tucked him all back into the panties. She moved upwards on his body, and she had to release one wrist at a time to get him into what he realized was a bra. With it strapped onto his chest, and him back fully in restraints, she tucked in moulded breast forms into the cups, filling them perfectly.



As he was sinking into the helplessness of his situation, feeling all the strange sensations, his body jumped a bit when she spoke again.



"You see, the recall your boss, Amanda, has been experiencing the most frustrating occurrences. It seems every time she goes to her gym, someone breaks into her locker and steals her most expensive lingerie. It's an expensive and exclusive gym, so she's quite upset, as you can imagine. She'll be even more upset if she finds out you're currently wearing it, don't you think?"



He could hear her giggling from behind him when she removed his blindfold. He wanted to scream and run when he realized where he was but that was, of course, impossible.



"Silly of you to get yourself tied up in her very own office then, slut."



He was panicking, wanting to scream. His was shaking and writhing, even though he knew he could never pull himself free of the wooden frame that she had set up in the middle of Amanda's large and luxurious office. He was set up right in front of her desk, and facing the door that could open at any time to his doom.



She leaned up close, still behind him, and whispered into his ear. "You are going to get fired so well, it will be a legend here for years to come, my slut."



He heard her gathering up her things as his writhing was turning into a kind of acceptance.



"Oh, and don't worry, I'll be right here when she calls."



He was confused for a moment, wondering how his boss might know to call his Mistress, but as she turned back to blow him a kiss as she slid out of the office, he saw her dressed in a perfect police uniform.



He could only wait now, for his world to end.





Please send comments and/or suggestions to froman.abe@gmail.com.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Abe Froman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





