BDSM Library - Underground Tournament




Underground Tournament
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bored master slaver wishes for more entertainment.  Therefore, he sends out one of his henchmen to search for strong fighters.  Sixteen fighters will enter a tournament, but only one will have their wish granted.  The rest will become slaves...






(Meh... just an idea. Leave a message bout what you think and who you think should be in here.)



"Hmm... these same people again?" A gruff voice came from behind a large chair. In front of this mysterious person was a large window looking out over a wrestling arena. He wore a black ivory mask that covered his entire face. He had on a black cloak and combat boots. Long green seaweed-like hair covered half his mask. He was watching a fight with boredom in his body language.



"Erm... sir? We've got another slave for you," a tough-looking thug came into the room. His hair was dyed blue and in a crew cut style. He wore a green tank-top and purple pants. Several dog-tags were around his neck, each with the name of a past victim. In his hand was a leash and attached to the leash was a naked girl, crying.



"Another one you say?" The masked man sighed as he took a sip of red wine. He lifted his mask just a bit to stick a straw under it. "The same fight goes on and on. These underground fighters... they do the same thing over and over again. Winner gets rewarded the same way. Loser gets punished the same way. If only we could somehow raise the stakes and gets better fighters."



"Sir?" The blue haired thug tugged on the leash. "What should I do with her?"



"The same thing you've done to the last seventy-two girls you've caught," the masked man growled as he slammed the table beside him in anger. "Train them till they're nothing but slaves. Then take the ones that show any fighting potential and stick them in the ring. Whoever wins gets to do whatever the hell they want with the loser. The loser will come to me for further punishment. Male-slaves go to the Madam for 'training', 'punishment', and 'rewards'."



"Uh... okay sir," the blue-haired thug shrugged and pulled on the leash to force the slave girl to follow him.



"Please, let me go!" The leashed girl cried as she was dragged away. "I'll do anything!"



"Anything huh?"



"Anything but that!"



"I suppose I shouldn't expect a good fight from these 'fighters' here," the masked man muttered as he watched the winner, a female whose been here for two years, finish off her opponent, a relatively new male-slave. "These people were captured by small-fries of all people. How can I capture stronger fighters? Fighters that could match my own strength? It's too risky to do this myself. Perhaps... yes... that's it. Goro!"



"Yessir!!!" A green haired goon in ninja gear drop down from the ceiling and landed on all fours on the coffee table. He took the bottle of red-wine and glugged it down as he awaited his instructions.



"I'd prefer it if you didn't do that, Goro," the masked man muttered. "Anyways, go out and find the strongest fighters. Comb the world if you have to, I'll pay all the expenses. Find at least sixteen fighters and give them invitations to my tournament."



"Tournament, sir?" Goro asked with interested eyes.



"Yes, and remember that they have to be strong. Choose those whom you think have a chance to defeat me. Convince them to join in any way you can. Tell them that I can grant them any wish they want. If that doesn't work, the 5 billion prize money should. If you must, then resort to blackmail."



"Okay, so how do I know they're strong enough?" Goro asked.



"Use your own judgement," the masked man growled as he slapped a stack of tournament invitations into Goro's hands. Goro backflipped off the table and walked out of the room. The masked man stared at the wrestling arena with a wide grin on his face. His battle-spirit was revived and his anticipation grew. He couldn't help it. His body became surrounded by a dark purple aura. The window in front of him shattered into millions of pieces. "Soon... I'll be able to break the strongest of spirits."



(Leave a message please bout what you think and what kind of characters should join this tournament.)











Deep beneath the ground... even lower than the underground base a tournament was planned. The basement of the underground base consisted of state of the art technology. The computers were not preassembled when they got here in the first place. In total there were around 10 computers all linked up to each other through a router which also connected them to the internet. The computers also had access to several satelite signals whether it was theirs or was broken into. For this mission, however, only their own satelites could be useful. A certain ninja, under the orders of the owners of the base, used the satelites to his advantage.



"Hmm... this might be a bit... difficult," Goro smirked as he sat in front of a large-screen computer monitor. The green haired ninja leaned back as he typed away on the keyboard. A search engine appeared in neon letters along with a large list of names arranged in alphabetical order. The database compiled until it included every single address that existed on the entire planet. Goro stopped his work for a few seconds and looked down. "Well now... how're you down there?"



"Mmm..." a brunette complete in leather bondage equipment responded with a whimper. She had the ninja's entire tool in her mouth which she pleasured quite eagerly. She was nude except for the collar she wore around her neck and shackles around her ankles and wrists. She appeared to be of college age though Goro was pretty sure she had a full-time job of some sort. Definately below her mid twenties though as the ninja recalled.



The slave-girl had very supple mounds and an athletic body. Her hair was braided into two pony tails which reached all the way to the small of her back. She was around 5ft 5 and weighed around 120lb. She had a very soft face with few traces of freckles if examined close enough. Her wrists were each hand cuffed to the back legs of her captive's chair and her legs were chained to the floor beneath the desk. She knelt there beneathe the computer lab desk as she sucked on Goro's cock.



"Keep it up, slut," Goro smirked as his hand brushed against the slave girl's hair in an affectionate manner. Then, he grinded the girl's face into his crotch which caused her to gag and force the cock deep down her throat. After some time, he finally allowed her some air before he returned to his work. "Now... let's see here... people whom could defeat the boss, huh? I suppose... a battle level of around... 600? Hmm... better type in 500 then."



Just as soon as he typed in numbers and he pressed enter, the screen changed into a global map of the world. Goro leaned back as he looked at the world map and enjoyed the sensation the slave-girl below was giving him. When a beep sounded Goro quickly sat up in time to see a red circle surround a small part of Japan.



"Oh! Already found one, I see..." Goro smirked as he moved the mouse and clicked on the circle. The map zoomed in on the selected area. This was soon followed by a profile that appeared on the screen.



Energy signature unknown

Energy type: demon/nature

Name: N/A

Age: N/A

Location: unknown village in Japan

Battle level: 772bp

strength: B-

speed: AAA

defense: D-

spirit: C+



"Oh! Well then... an unknown already? This just keeps getting better!" Goro exclaimed. He suddenly realized that the slave-girl suddenly stopped and looked at him. Angrily, he said, "did I tell you to stop? You'll be punished for that... now keep sucking."



"Yes sir..." the slave girl replied before she resumed sucking on the ninja's cock. After a few minutes, Goro finally released his jism into her willing mouth. She was ordered to clean up the mess with her tongue before she was finally released from her bonds.



"Now... I don't know what to do next so you'll have to take over," Goro smirked as he stood up and patted the seat. After the now free slave girl sat down, the green haired ninja began to walk off. Before he did though, he grabbed a random lab coat someone left before and threw it towards the slave girl. The girl gratefully wore it over her body. Goro continued his instructions, "you try and find out as much information as possible about this unknown fighter. Try and locate some other energy sources while you're at it. Inform me when you learn something."



"Um... Master Goro... what will you do then?" The slave girl asked with her head bowed down.



"Hmm... to meet this mystery person of course," Goro replied with a sly grin as he carefully returned his tool back into his pants. "Now don't do what I won't do while I'm gone. You know what will happen."



"....." the slave girl shuddered at the thought before she resumed Goro's unfinished computer work.











Whoosh!!!



The subway train went back again... and again... and again... they were really fast.&nbsp; Not a lot of people were out tonight, either.&nbsp; Dark and damp.&nbsp; That's what it was.&nbsp; The subway station, anyways.&nbsp; Well... the alleyway was close enough to the station to hear the trains.&nbsp; No matter... tonight was the night she arrived.



"Arf?" A young puppy within a cardboard box looked up, trying to see past the square opening.&nbsp; He was only a couple months old, weighing around 10 ounces.&nbsp; He had moon-lit silver fur and glowing yellow eyes.&nbsp; He was a siberian husky and grey wolf hybrid.&nbsp; He was abandoned shortly after he was born.



"Hello, Kiba-chan!&nbsp; How are you?" Rose, around 16 years old, asked as she picked up the young puppy.&nbsp; She held Kiba and stroked his silver fur gently and comfortingly.&nbsp; She had auburn red hair that hung down in braids to her waist.&nbsp; She had emerald green eyes, so full of life and innocence!&nbsp; She was around 5 ft 3 and had the measurements 32B:22:28 (I don't know how measurements work!).&nbsp; She wore a black tank top, a pink sweater-jacket, jeans without leggings to show off her long and slender legs, and 3 inch stilleto heel shoes.



Rose discovered Kiba around a month and a half ago when school started.&nbsp; Her apartment building did not allow pets, but she did not like leaving the dog alone.&nbsp; Each night, she would take the subway and visit Kiba in the alleyway.&nbsp; She would take care of the puppy, then leave hoping that someone would adopt the little critter.



"Here, I bet you're hungry, huh?" Rose asked as she opened up a can of dog food, then set it down along with Kiba into the cardboard box.&nbsp; A giggle escaped her throat as she watched the puppy chomped down the food.&nbsp; She took out another can of dog food, opened it, and set it down into the box.&nbsp; She scratched Kiba behind the years, then got up to leave.&nbsp; "I have to go now, Kiba-chan.&nbsp; I'll see you tomorrow, I guess.&nbsp; That other can's for breakfast tomorrow, so don't eat it too quickly!"



Kiba whimpered, sad that this angel had to go.&nbsp; He turned his head upwards and licked at the fingers that were scratching him behind the ears.&nbsp; Another giggle.&nbsp; He stopped when the fingers were taken away.



"Hey, I didn't know there'd be girls here," a gruff voice grunted.&nbsp; Rose quickly whirled around to face four thugs who greedily took in the view of the girl.&nbsp; Rose cringed at the perverted eyes which were greedily looking at her entire figure.



"Hey, how'd you like to have a good time?" One of the thugs asked as he approached Rose, licking his lips to show how interested he was.



"St-stay away," Rose stammered, backing away to show how uninterested she was.



"C'mon, don't be like that.&nbsp; How much you charge?" The thug asked as he grabbed Rose by the wrist.&nbsp; "Why else would you be out here in the middle of the night, dressed up like that?"



"What?&nbsp; I'm not a whore!" Rose screamed as she slapped the thug right across the face.&nbsp; She quickly turned around and ran as fast as she could, all the while shouting, "help!&nbsp; Someone!"



"Bitch, that's gonna cost ya!" The thug growled as he sprinted after Rose.&nbsp; He jumped through the air and grabbed the girl by the ankles, making them both fall to the ground.



"Oof!" Rose grunted as she fell to the floor, face down.&nbsp; Her eyes widened when she felt herself being pulled backwards.&nbsp; With great desperation, she clawed away at the ground to get away, but to no avail.



"Now... what should be your punishment for slapping me like that, hmm?" The thug smirked as he gripped Rose by the throat.&nbsp; His tongue slowly licked along the side of the girl's neck, causing the girl to shiver in disgust.&nbsp; He turned Rose around and stood up over the girl.&nbsp; His three friends came over to get a closer look.&nbsp; "Now... I want a blow job.&nbsp; Don't make things worse for yourself.&nbsp; Just do what we say and you won't get hurt... much."



As if to illustrate his point, he pulled out a switch-blade from his pocket.&nbsp; Rose gulped and decided that resisting was probably a bad idea at that point.&nbsp; Tears appeared in the corner of her eyes as she nodded in understanding.&nbsp; She knelt there in the alleyway, her first blow job only a few seconds away.



"Get to it, bitch!" The thug in front of her growled as he placed his free hand on his hip.&nbsp; "Do a good job of it, too, or else."



"....." Rose sobbed softly to herself as she slowly unzipped the thug's jeans, trying to delay the inevitable as much as she could.&nbsp; She timidly and tentatively took out the man's tool and gasped at its length.&nbsp; It had to be at least eight inches long.&nbsp; She gulped and swallowed her pride as she leaned forward and licked at the head.



"Ahem," the thug grunted, flashing around the switch-blade in his hand.&nbsp; Rose instantly got the idea and took the cock into her mouth.&nbsp; She gently sucked at it, eliciting a groan from her captor.&nbsp; Feeling a bit more confident now that the cock was in her mouth, she took more of it in.&nbsp; She felt her hands being slapped away and she had no choice but to allow her arms to fall to her sides.



"Oh yeah... nothing like feeling the mouth of a whore," the thug groaned as he grabbed hold of Rose's head.&nbsp; He roughly stroked the girl's hair with his dirty hands.&nbsp; He stood there and enjoyed the mouth that was giving pleasure to his little guy.&nbsp; "How'd you like to make a few bucks?&nbsp; Not that you've a choice, of course."



"Mmm..." Rose whimpered at those words, unsure as to what was next.&nbsp; She felt the cock in her mouth throb a few times.&nbsp; The thug was ejaculating and there was nothing she could do about it!



"Oh yeah... that's right... now swallow" the thug groaned as he shot his load directly into Rose's mouth.



"Aie!!!" Rose exclaimed as she instinctively tried to move away, but couldn't.&nbsp; The thug's hands were still holding her head.&nbsp; She was forced to swallow the jizz pumped directly into the back of her throat.



"Hey, you've had your fun!&nbsp; Now it's our turn!" One of the other thugs shouted as he grabbed Rose by the arm.&nbsp; Another thug grabbed Rose by the other arm.



"Fine, whatever, take your turn," the first thug waved his hand to indicate for the others to take Rose away.



"What?&nbsp; Please, I'm not a whore," Rose pleaded as she was forced back onto the ground.&nbsp; The thugs holding her forced her onto her hands and knees, like a dog.&nbsp; One thug stood behind her while the other stood in front of her.



"Now, bitch, you're gonna suck me off as well," the thug in front of Rose grunted.



"Heh... gonna fuck you like the dog you are," the thug behind Rose smirked as he grabbed Rose by the hips.&nbsp; He unzipped the jean-shorts and pulled them down to the knees.



"Please... I... I haven't... not there," Rose pleaded, fear evident in her eyes. "Not my vagina."



"Oh... don't worry, I'm not taking your cunt," the thug replied with a sadistic grin on his face.&nbsp; He poked the head of his cock against Rose's anus and gently rubbed them together.



"Please..." Rose was cut off when the thug in front of her jammed his cock into her mouth.&nbsp; She gagged in response, but managed to keep herself in check.&nbsp; She realized she had no choice but to take the abuse.



"Oh... this is nice," the thug behind Rose groaned as he slipped his cock into the anal tract.



"Ugh..." Rose groaned in pain as she felt her 'other hole' suddenly invaded.&nbsp; The intruder was forced deeper into her, causing her great pain.&nbsp; She tried to focused on getting the guy in front of her off to decrease the pain.



"Take it, bitch!&nbsp; Take it!" Skin pounded against skin as more cock was forced into the girl's bowels.&nbsp; Rose tried to scream in pain, but the cock in her mouth refused to allow her to.&nbsp; She could feel herself getting full and getting more helpless at the same time.&nbsp; The cock in her back hole was causing her pain greater than anything should could ever imagine!



"Oh yeah... that's good." Both thugs came at the same time.&nbsp; Rose felt her anus being filled with semen.&nbsp; The cock in front of her was pulled out and she reached a face full of cum.&nbsp; She was also forced to lick the remaining cum off, including the cum on her face.&nbsp; The thug behind her scooped up some cum that was dripping from her anus and fed that to Rose as well.



"....." Rose was allowed to fall to the ground.&nbsp; Her lifeless green eyes simply stared at one of the brick walls that made up the alleyway.&nbsp; More cum was dripping from her anus, making its way down her legs.



"My turn," the remaining thug grinned as he grabbed Rose by the waist.&nbsp; He turned the girl over onto her back and spread her legs apart.&nbsp; He gently brushed his hand up against Rose's breats behind her tank top.&nbsp; He found the girl's nipples, causing them to harden instantly.&nbsp; He rubbed his hand against the pussy, eliciting a moan from the captive.



Smack!



"AAAHHHH!!!"&nbsp; Rose screamed as she felt the thug's hand slap against her pussy.&nbsp; She tried to get away, but the two thugs that recently used her held her down.



Smack!



"Please!&nbsp; Stop!&nbsp; Please!&nbsp; I'll do anything!&nbsp; Just stop!" Rose screamed as she struggled against the strong hands that were holding her down.



Smack!



"GGGGRRRRRRR!!!" Kiba growled as he bit into the hand that was bringing harm to his beloved.&nbsp; The puppy finally found a way out of the cardboard box.



"Gah!&nbsp; Stupid mutt!&nbsp; Get lost!" The thug screamed in pain as he threw the puppy into a wall.



"Kiba-chan!&nbsp; You bastard!" Rose shouted as she tried to get free again.



"Heh, that your dog?" The thug asked as he picked up Kiba by the scruff of his neck.&nbsp; He held the puppy up to Rose's face and said, "no matter.&nbsp; Lick his crotch."



"What?" Rose's eyes widened and she shrank back away from Kiba's crotch.



"You heard me, lick his crotch or I'll neuter him the old fashioned way," the thug threated as he pressed Kiba's crotch up against Rose's lips.&nbsp; "Would you rather I finish slapping your pussy?"



"Uh... okay... just... okay..." Rose's face fell in defeat as her tongue reached out and gently stroked Kiba's crotch.&nbsp; The puppy shivered in pleasure as he felt his mistriss' tongue in his special spot.&nbsp; Then... he let loose a stream of piss!



"Hahahahahahaha!!!" The thugs laughed out loud at this and dropped the puppy on Rose's piss-soaked face.&nbsp; As the thugs left, one of them said, "hopefully, we'll see you later!&nbsp; If not... we'll just play with your dog!&nbsp; I need some piercing practice, anyways!"



"Kiba-chan?&nbsp; You alright?" Rose asked as she held Kiba against her chest.



"Arf?" Kiba replied as he licked Rose's face to clean his own mess.









The streets were filled with darkness for all lights were out. All the lamp posts were either shattered or had long sinced burnt out. The ground was littered with trash which many were simply too lazy to search a trash can for. One of the buildings in front of such a quiet street burst open. A drunken man was kicked out of the bar.



"Urgh..." the drunk threw out all over the street. Then he wiped his greasy lips and went back to hitting the bottle he still had in his hand.



One month ago...



"A german suplex! Zombie boy's going for a german suplex!" The announcer shouted as he looked on with excitement. Loud cheers filled the underground arena. The spectators cheered on the fighter whom they bet on. Many of them were either stupid enough or courageous enough to bet a small fortune on them. The odds were 7:3 against Zombie boy.



"Heh heh... that should've hurt you," Zombie boy quickly whirled around in time to face his opponent whom was down face flat on the ground. The young wrestler was around 6ft 3in with rippling muscles and the body frame of a heavy weight. He wore grey army pants that reached down just past his knees. On each hand he wore black bike gloves along with a metal bracelet on his left wrist. He had silver grey, long hair that reached past his ears. His face was painted with black and white to create a skeletal look.



"I... give up..." the opponent groaned as he slowly raised his hand into the air. He was very close to 7 feet tall and appeared to have a lot more muscle than Zombie boy. However, the fact was was that he lost and he admitted to it.



"I see..." Zombie boy smirked as he grabbed hold of his defeated opponent's hand. All of a sudden, he sent a kick right into the opponent's face. Many cheers were mixed in with jeers at the act of poor sportsmanship.



*Death scene taken out*



"Uh... winner... Zombie boy!" The ref shouted as he lifted the young wrestler's fist into the air. Even more cheers and jeers filled the air. After 3K was pressed into Zombie boy's hand, the victor left the arena.



*****



"Eugene, congrats on your win today, baby," a female's voice spoke out as soon as the apartment door slammed shut.



"Hey Sandy," Eugene replied as he entered the living room with his suitcase in hand. He threw the 3K he had in his hand onto the coffee table. The paint that was on his face was washed away revealing a young, but rough looking face. He looked to be around in his twenties. He had on a leather jacket over his grey army pants. Around his neck was a metal crucifix. He set that down on the table as well. "How'd you know I won?"



"Cindy told me over the phone," Sandy replied as she held up her cell phone. She placed it back on the coffee table.



"Heh... heard she made twice the amount I did," Eugene smirked.



"Did you remember to lock the door this time?" Sandy quirked her eyebrow up at the young man. She wore a white tank top and miniskirt. Her slim arms were thrown back behind the couch jutting her 32C breasts out. Her pixie short, strawberry blond hair was brushed aside as she leaned forward. She was petite, but at the same time she was lithe and had an athletic built to her body. She had very soft, pale skin and looked to be around her early twenties. Her sensual red lips parted as her fingers hooked into Eugene's pants. She looked up with her piercing, emerald green eyes and said, "you know it was pretty embarrassing when that pizza guy showed up, right?"



"Don't worry, I locked this time," Eugene assured her as he brushed Sandy's hair back and stared back down into her eyes. He helped her with his belt to speed up the process. His tool was already standing in salute when the pants were undone.



"Mmm..." Sandy smiled as she reached out with her hands and grabbed the cock. She pressed her lips against the shaft and started leaving butterfly kisses. At the same time, her fingers gently massaged the base, making her way down to the balls.



"Urgh..." Eugene grunted in pleasure as he felt the girl's tongue come in contact with his cock. His hands gripped the back of Sandy's head as if urging her to let the cock enter her mouth. After what seemed like forever, Sandy finally opened her mouth and gently slide the cock in. Her left hand was pressed against the small of Eugene's back while the other played around with the balls.



"Oh yeah..." Sandy moaned as she began to furiously massage the balls in her hand. She leaned closer and allowed more of the cock to enter her mouth. She only allowed just enough before it could hit the back of her throat. Her head moved back and forth while her tongue worked feverishly. When she felt the precum begin to leak out, she stopped. Her finger waggled in front of Eugene's face. "Nuh uh... not yet."



She sat back into the seat of her couch and made a motion for the man to follow. She pulled her legs up onto the couch, hiked up her skirt, and slowly spread them revealing her pussy. She fingered herself for the man until her juices started flowing. Eugene bent down and climbed onto the couch on top of Sandy. His finger came down and replaced Sandy's finger. His finger was soon replaced by his cock.



"Oh yeah!" Sandy groaned in pleasure as soon as she felt the tool enter her. She bucked forward to get more of it into her. Eugene began to thrust in and out while Sandy pushed her hips up and down to meet his rhythm. Juices started flowing down Sandy's pussy and across her ass crack.



In order to spread her pussy out more, she lifted her legs up against her shoulders and held them there. Eugene bent down even further to help pin the legs against Sandy. This way, he was able to thrust in and out with more precision and speed. Both of them grunted with effort as they met each other's rhythm with great synchronization.



"I'm... c...I'm CCCOCOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!" Sandy shrieked as she orgasmed. Eugene's cock throbbed with excitement at the same time indicating that he also orgasmed. He quickly pulled it out and sprayed it all over the girl's legs. When both of them calmed down enough, Eugene leaned down and pressed his lips against Sandy's. They kissed.



"So... when are you going to retire?" Sandy asked as soon as they broke the kiss.



"What?" Eugene blinked at the sudden question. He pulled away and looked down with surprise written all over his face.



"I mean... well... you know... I was just wondering," Sandy replied. "I know how much you like fighting, but it's not exactly a very stable job."



"What brought this on all of a sudden?" Eugene asked.



"We've been together for almost three years, I realized because our anniversary's near!" Sandy exclaimed as she pulled herself up against the arm of the couch.



"Anniversary? For when we first met?" Eugene asked with a raised eyebrow.



"Yes... so..." Sandy looked away, her face all red. "Isn't it about time..."



"Not right now or anytime soon," Eugene replied as he stood up with a stern look on his face. "Don't think so much about these things. Isn't what we already have good enough?"



"It's not just that..." Sandy replied with a low voice. "What if... what if... something happens to you?"



"Nothing will happen to me, I'm the champ, remember?" Eugene smirked as his hand rustled Sandy's hair. He turned away from her and went to take a shower.



*****



One week later... Sandy died in a car crash.



*****



"Hurk..." Eugene threw up all over the sidewalk yet again. He staggered along the empty street with his bottle of beer in hand. His eyes turned towards a familiar shop. In the display case was a manequin wearing a wedding dress.



*Flash*...



"Hey, Eugene, do you think I'd look pretty in that?" Sandy joked as she pointed teasingly at a mannequin wearing a wedding dress on display.



"Let's keep walking," Eugene replied as he grabbed Sandy by the wrist to pull her away.



"Come on... it's going to happen... right?" Sandy asked as she tugged back to stop Eugene. "You'll also quit wrestling, right?"



"Uh... sure... after we get married," Eugene replied as he pulled Sandy along. However, as soon as he did, his right glove fell off revealing a nasty scar.



"Oh... oh my god!" Sandy exclaimed as she clutched Eugene's hand. Questions came afterwards... as usual. "How did this happen?" "Did you get into a street fight?" "Were you hiding this from me?"



"It's nothing," Eugene growled as he tried to pull his hand away. "I got it from last night's fight. Some punk brought a knife with him, that's all."



"A knife? It could've been a gun!" Sandy screamed in horror as she pulled back.



"Will you let go already?!" Eugene growled angrily as he pushed Sandy away... onto... the... street... right... into... a... speeding... car...



*End of flashback*



"GGGAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" Eugene screamed in agony at the memory and hurled his bottle right through the glass of the display case.



"My my... such anger," a vaguely familiar voice smirked.



Eugene quickly whirled around in time to face the wrestler he killed a month back. His eyes went wide, "no... I killed you... I remember it..."



"Well, let's just say I had a little resurrection," the taller man smirked against as he stretched his right arm. Suddenly, he dashed forth with a head on tackle.



"Oof..." Eugene flew backwards right through the hole he made in the display case earlier.



"Heh heh... you've gone soft," the taller man remarked as he climbed into the store after his prey. He grabbed the youngster by the collar, then slammed his head right into the floor. "What's ah matter? Can't fight? Mr. Wuss miss his puss? The slut's probably in down hell doing it with the devil. She's probably enjoying every moment of it too. Can't you hear her screams of joy? Can't you hear her grunts while she fucks..."



"Rah!" Eugene's feet clamped against either side of his opponent's head, then slammed the head right down into the ground. As soon as he straightened himself out, he jumped on top of his opponent's chest and commenced punching the crap out of him. However, he was stopped short when he found himself thrown off and their positions reversed.



"Heh heh heh..." the taller man grabbed his opponent by the leg and began swinging him around and around and around... then released. Eugene found himself flying through the air... through the hole again... and out on the street.



"Guh..." Eugene staggered to his feet, blood pouring out of his forehead. He brought his fists up and prepared to face the man he thought was dead.



"Time to die, little man," the taller man smirked as he climbed out of the store and approached the younger wrestler. He dashed forth and tried to grab Zombie boy by the neck.



"I... think... NOT!!!" Zombie boy growled as he purposely fell backwards. He grabbed his opponent's wrists as he fell and brought his right leg up against his chest. Once his back was against the ground, he pressed his foot right up against the taller man's stomach and released the wrists. The alledgely more experienced wrestler was sent flying over Zombie boy's head and into the wall behind.



*Clap* *clap* *clap*



Eugene quickly sat up and looked around for the source of the applause. He looked up in time to see a green haired ninja drop down from above.



"That was purely golden," Goro commented as he reached his hand out to help Eugene up.



"Who the hell are you?" Eugene growled.



"Ah... I see... want to be that way, huh?" Goro smirked as he pulled his hand away. He stretched it back out, but this time there was a card. "Let's see now... I'm here to recruit people into this underground tournament. You see, that 'fighter' over there was supposed to be chosen. However... well... he lost to you and this tournament is for the strongest. If you're stronger, then you should be invited."



"Forget it," Eugene growled as he pushed the card away. "I quit illegal wrestling... fighting... whatever you wanna call it."



"Hmm... boss won't be pleased..." Goro smirked as he touched his chin thoughtfully. "The prize is quite a lot, but you won't be interested in that now would you?"



"No," Eugene simply replied. He saw how much the prize money was from a glance at the card. "Still not interested even if it prize were a hundred trillion."



"Then... how bout resurrection? We'll bring back the life of anyone of your choice," Goro grinned devilishly.



"You... can do that?" Eugene's eyes went wide showing a glint of hope.



"Of course, we brought that guy back to life, right?" Goro replied with a grin on his face. He threw the card up into the air and let it drop to the ground as he walked away. "Let me know if you change your mind."



"....." Eugene looked down at the card in astonishment. He couldn't really believe it... but even the slightest... a prank... no... but what if... what if... better pick it up... just in case. Not a lot to lose anyways... now that Sandy's gone.



Energy type: Earth

Name: Eugene Eugene

Age: 28

Location: New Jersey, United States.

Battle level: 885bp

strength: AA

speed: A

defense: B+

spirit: D

Goal: To resurrect his beloved dead Sandy.











The sky was blue and the clouds were white. The grass was green and the water was clear. Streak of yellow came down from the sky. A streak of red came up from the ground.



"In the name of thy lord, I will defeat you! For Michael!" Tareal screamed her usual warcry as she descended towards the earth. Her snowy white features glistened in the sun as her wings beated ferociously with the wind. Her soft brown hair flowed behind her; they were long enough to reach just past her waist. Her emerald green eyes, which could pierce through the soul, were narrowed into angry slits at her incoming opponent. "Begone demon! Back to the world of the corrupted you go!"



"Oh, come on now, let's just get this started already," Sylvia sneered as she returned the glare with her own, equally hypnotizing emerald green eyes. She hissed at her opponent, showing off her four vampire-like fangs, as she raced against the wind. Her bat-like wings, leathery to the touch, reflected the red trail of fire she created behind her. Heart-stopping red hair, tied into a pony tail, reached just the small of her back.



"Kyaa!!!" Tareal shouted as she pulled out a short sword from her golden sheath. The sword whistled as it arced through the air, aimed directly for the demoness' neck.



*Clang!*



"You've a lot to learn, prissy face," Sylvia smirked as she parried with the attack with her three-pronged claws, which were strapped onto her wrist. She pushed the sword away and reached out with her left hand. The two inch, red polished nails were aimed right for Tareal's throat. However, the angel was able to move her left hand in time to catch it.



Both warriors, of light and dark, were beautiful in their own ways. Tareal, dispite the scowl she wore on her face, had the face of an angel (uh... I know... but whatever). Her face had a hint of childish innocence, but also had an expression of protectiveness and safety. She had a very athletic body, which was no wonder since she was an archangel. Her limbs were long and skinny, yet muscular at the same time. Her skin was silk-skin soft and pale to the touch. She stood at around five feet six and had B cup breasts. She wore a golden, sleeveless battle armour with metallic straps. She had on chainmail leggings and golden combat boots. The boots were highheels around five inches.



Sylvia had tanned skin, which was no wonder considering where she lived most of her life. She had a very lithe and athletic body, built like a gymnist. Her lengthy legs and arms, even in the air, allowed her to move with swiftness and grace... like a cat. She stood around at the same height as Tareal, but had significantly larger breasts: E cup. She wore shiny silver armour that barely even covered her at all. It was a magical artifact, otherwise it could not really serve as protection against various types of weapons. The cups of the armour showed off the top part of her breats. The armour stopped just below Sylvia's breasts, showing off her middrift. She wore a metallic "thong" which was really only a rectangular piece of metal that covered her pussy and fishingline-thin strings to make it wearable. She was barefoot and wore no sleeves nor gloves.



"Holy flames!" Tareal shouted as a burst of glowing flames erupted from her outstretched hand. The flames formed itself into a fiery cross as it came down upon the demoness.



"Hell fire!" Syvlia shouted in response as she cancelled out the projectile with a fireball just as large. She quickly dived low and swooped through the air, sending out multiples of more fireballs.



"Heavenly lightning!" Tareal sent several streaks of electricity through the air as she flew higher up to avoid the fiery attacks.



"Lightning bolt!" Sylvia countered as she sent her own streaks of lightning. She quickly followed that up with another spell, "Fierce wind!"



"Sharp breeze!" Tareal shouted yet again.



"Hail!"



"Rain!"



"Flood!"



"Water of life!"



"Earthquake!"



"We're in the air!" Tareal exasperated when the ground below shook violently. She shook her head at the unnecessary act, especially since the place was uninhabited.



"I know," Sylvia smirked as she crossed her arms in front of her chest. "You're in angel. Go save some lives."



"What?" Tareal looked down, searching for any signs of humans. Perhaps they were travellers? Campers? People shooting a movie? No... there weren't any below. Now why would...



"Psyche!" Syvlia grinned devilishly as she slammed both fists right against the back of Tareal's head. The demoness then slashed with her claws at the feathered wings, causing the angel to scream out in pain. The next thing Tareal knew, she was plumetting towards the earth.



"Temptare! I summon you!" Sylvia shouted as she swooped down after her falling opponent. Suddenly, three tentacles shoot out from the ground, wrapping themselves around the angel. One grabbed her ankles while another grabbed her thigh, just inches away from her sexual region. They were smooth and thornless vines with a thick bulb one each end.



"What... is this?" Tareal demanded as she felt more tentacles wrapped themselves around her arms and waist. She struggled with the restraints, but to no avail. The vines were simply too strong for her to break free from. She cursed her own mistake on trusting the demoness. She was careless and she was going to pay for it.



"Hehe, what have we here?" Sylvia giggled as she landed on a vine prepared for her. She stepped down lightly, then commanded the vine to bring her to her new captive. Once she was close enough, the bulb of the vine she was standing on reached out to her. Sylvia took the base of the bulb and stroked it lightly. As she rubbed her cheek up against the creature's bulb, she purred, "good boy. You were very helpful today, weren't you little Tempy?"



"Release me at once, or... I'll scream!" Tareal shouted as she concentrated on something else altogether. She focused on the sapphire pendant she wore around her neck. It was a gift from the archangels themselves. In case she was ever in trouble, all she had to do was focus all her powers into the pendant and help will come.



*Crack!*



"Oh no you don't," Sylvia sneered as her claw shattered the pendant into a million fragments. The shocked angel looked at her shattered jewellery in horror. The demoness leaned in closer, dragging her claws upwards, making their way towards Tareal's face. A hand gently touched the angel's face, brushing the brunnette hair back.



"Don't... touch..." Tareal stammered as her heart began pounding at a faster rate. She tried to say something, anything! However, as soon as she opened her mouth, nothing came out.



"Oh, how I've waited for this," the demoness purred as she leaned in to kiss the angel. Sylvia's tongue wiggled their way between the soft, full lips. Like many demons and demonesses, she had a 9 inch long tongue. The soft, pink flesh freely explored the depths of the quivering Tareal's mouth. It was seeking... searching... defiling. In an instant, Tareal forgot all about what she was, where she was, and what she was supposed to do.



Sylvia's hands reached out behind Tareal's back, stroking it. She leaned in more, emphasizing on her dominance over the angel. Her left hand sought out the clasps that would remove the armour. No such luck, of course. Instead, she re-extended her claws and made her way down. As soon as she broke the kiss, Tareal moaned. The angel wanted more. Of course she will have more.



Sylvia snapped her fingers and a single vine got to work. The bulb was forcefully pushed into Tareal's mouth, pushing back and forth like a cock in a pussy. The angel moaned with both pleasure and discomfort. Her tongue pushed back against the phallus-shapped vine, seeking out more pleasure.



"What a naughty little girl you are!" Sylvia exclaimed as she indicated the enlarging wet spot on the crotch of the angel's leggings. Tareal's face got redder with embarrassment. She was utterly humiliated by her own reaction to this sort of treatment... and she liked it!



The demoness snickered with glee as she ripped a hole right where the wet spot was. Tareal moaned even louder as she felt the wind on her vulnerable pussy. She could feel the wetness on her slit. She could feel the breeze gently carressing her clit. The demoness reached behind the angel and tore another hole in the leggings. She tore a hole so that yet another vine reached out and pushed against the angel's anus.



"MMMMMMMMM!" Tareal tried to scream out for the vines to stop. However, her mouth was still occupied by the bulb using her face as a fuck toy. She shuddered with both excitement and shame. She could feel the vine pushing itself into her darker regions. Soon, the vine impaled her, causing her to cry out.



"Now now... just enjoy the feeling, angel slut," Sylvia smirked as she made her way up to the breast plate. She licked along the curves of the golden armour, covering it with a sheen of saliva. As she did so, her left hand reached out and gently stroked the angel's pussy. A single finger was inserted into Tareal, eliciting a moan. A devious smile crossed the demoness' face as she inserted a second finger. Another moan.



Back and forth. Back and forth. Sylvia pushed her fingers in and out of the angel. She crammed a third finger in, this time intent on exploring the depths of the slippery canal. She searched and sought out until she fought a hardened area. She stroked that place and was rewarded with even more moans.



The demoness crouched down until her face was level with the angel's. Her tongue lashed out and snapped at the clit. Tareal's shuddering and shivering was similar to a washer gone wrong now. The angel began leaking more juices, soaking Sylvia's fingers. Sylvia looked up into her captive's eyes for a long moment. Their eyes met. Then, the fun really got started.



Temptare moved its (his?) two vines back and forth, fucking Tareal in the mouth and ass at the same time. Two more vines wrapped themselves around the angel's breast-plate, seeking out more flesh. The vines drilled their way through the golden armour, going directly for the nipples.



"Mmm... tasty," Sylvia smiled as her tongue finally got to probing the slit. She reached out with her other hand and gently pulled the lips apart. She leaned in and forced her long tongue into the angel's vagina.



"Oh..." Tareal felt an organ on each of her nipples. They were twisting, teasing her to no ends. Then there was the tongue in her pussy, intruding her most sacred of places. She wriggled about, helpless in the hands of the demoness in front of her... and she enjoyed every second of it. She moaned and groaned again, trying to tell Sylvia not to stop. She could feel her orgasm nearing its height now.



"Now Temptare," Sylvia ordered her creature. The bulbs reacted instantly, shooting out loads of what could only be Temptare's semen. They were white and sticky, just like the kind human's shoot out. Tareal felt the substance pumped into her mouth and up her ass. She could feel in on her breast and every inch of her body. Her golden armour sizzled from the demonic fluids, eating away at the armour. At the same time, Sylvia grabbed both of Tareal's buttocks and stabbed the full length of her tongue into the angel's pussy.



"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! I'm CCCOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!" Tareal screamed out as soon as she felt the bulb leave her oral orifice. More juices leaked out of her body much to the delight of the demoness. Tareal could feel everything all at once. She could feel the air brushing up against her exposed skin. She could feel it carressing her vulnerable breasts. She could feel the vines stroking her nipples. The wet bulb rubbing up against her cheek. The phallus in her ass pulling out. The tongue leaving her completely empty. More fluids, most not her own, leaked out of her mouth, ass, and pussy. She felt more of the semen dripping from her tits.



"Hehe, did my little angel slut enjoy my little treat?" Sylvia gave her new pet a gentle, but domineering smile. She scooped up some of the angel's juices and forced it down her throat. "Here, have some of your own juices, slut. You like it, don't you?"



"Yes..." Tareal managed to gasp out. Her licked up her own juices, tasting it for the first time. Her tongue sought out more of the juice as she swallowed it.



*Smack!*



"From now on, you will address me as mistress and you will respond to me as such!" Syvlia barked out her orders as soon as she slapped her new captive in the face. She glared at the stunned angel, "do you understand?"



"Yes mistress," Tareal replied, quick to learn.



"Good, I was hoping you would," Sylvia smirked as she leaned in to kiss the angel again. Her tongue intruded the angel's orifice once more, exploring every nook and crany. Tareal could taste her own juices again as she licked at the exploring tongue. Suddenly, the demoness broke the kiss and stared off into the distance. "Shit... more angels? Temptare, you hold them off. Little angel slut here is coming with me for more action."



With that said, the demoness grabbed Tareal by the arm and flew down towards the earth. She wrapped her arms around the nude angel, cupping Tareal's right breast in one hand while stroking the pussy with her other. "Now, I can't bring you to hell because too many demons will want you. That leaves earth, of course. We'll live among the humans and perhaps we'll have even more fun. They're a creative bunch, these humans, you know? I've already a few ideas as to what to do to you once we get to our new home."



Meanwhile, down on earth. Goro looked up at the two strange creatures with delight in his eyes. "An angel and a demoness? Surely you jest! Their battle powers are only around 900 apiece! Hmm... perhaps..."



To Be Continued!!!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deathnote


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





