BDSM Library - The Guest




The Guest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman comes to stay and discovers the pleasures of being dominated


The Guest

by Some Writer



"It's very kind of you to let me stay with you Paul," Helen reiterated as I helped her carry her bags inside.  She was a close friend of my sister who I had met once or twice before.  Training for work demanded that she spend a week in the town where I lived.  She had contacted me and offered to pay me the money that she would have given to a hotel.  I had a spare room in my house so it all seemed to make sense.  The only thing that I seemed to have forgotten when agreeing was how attractive she was.

She was wearing a fairly tight white top that showed the contours of her copious bosom, and dark blue jeans that wrapped themselves to her legs.  Helen was not thin particularly - her build could be described as solid.  Her stomach pushed out slightly around her waist, but her arms and face showed that she was not fat.  She had a slightly long face with short to medium length brown hair that was styled to stay fixed in position against her head.

"My back is killing me," Helen complained when we finally sat down after bringing in from her car what appeared to me to be all her worldly possessions.

"Do you want me to massage it?" I asked straightforwardly.

"That's quite a forward proposition considering I've just arrived," Helen joked.

"Take it or leave it," I said, spreading my hands.

"Go on then," Helen said as she turned herself round to face away from me.  I placed my fingers between her neck and shoulders and began running my thumbs in circles and in lines up and down her spine.  The room was quiet, with neither of us volunteering any more conversation.  All I could hear was her slow breathing.  The soft cotton of her top was clearly hampering my efforts but there was no suggestion from either of us that it should be removed.  After a few minutes, Helen turned slightly and I understood to stop as she turned round.

"TV?" she suggested.

"Sounds good."  The evening passed quickly as we chatted about anything and everything - it looked like the week was going to be less awkward than I had feared it might be, if we had not got on.
* * *
The next evening Helen arrived back from her training quite late, and I was already cooking food.  She disappeared into her room and came back changed into ultra-casual clothes - a big black woolly jumper and jogging trousers.

"I could really do with another back rub," she said as she sat down on a chair in the corner of the kitchen.

"I think I could manage that," I told her.  I sat down on the chair beside her and she turned away from me.

"Now, no peeking," she said as she pulled off her thick jumper.  Her back was a plateau of smooth white skin, unblemished but for a handful of moles dotted around.  Helen sat upright as I began gently kneading her back with my fingers, and as I leaned forward slightly I could see the tops of her breasts jutting out in front of her.  They looked perfect: round, soft, tender, big and full.  Like the rest of her skin they were coloured perfect milky white - something I much prefer to sun-tanned skin.

I worked away at her back to her quiet enjoyment; she made very small sounds akin to purring or mewing which I could just discern despite the hum of the oven behind me.  I began to wonder whether I should suggest that -

The oven timer went off and it made both of us jump as it beeped.  I considered leaving it, but Helen was already reaching for her jumper anyway.  I got up and silenced the incessant beeping before starting to serve the food.  After we had eaten Helen presented me with a bottle of wine for my culinary efforts, which we duly opened.

Despite me only making very slight efforts to steer it that way, the conversation headed towards sex once we were tipsy.

"So what's your fetish of choice then?" Helen asked boldly.

"What makes you think I have one?"

"All men do it seems, whenever I've asked them about it.  They all have one thing in particular that floats their boat."

"Maybe I have more than one," I suggested.

"Ooh, do tell."

"If I did, would you tell me yours?"

"I don't have one."

"No fetishes or kinks at all?" I asked.

"No, not that I know of.  I haven't tried too many though - I spent far too many years with one guy, who wasn't interested in trying new things."

"Don't you just know what turns you on?"

"No, I don't."

"So what was this one guy's kinky interest then?"

"That would be telling.  You're only trying to avoid the subject of telling me yours anyway."

"I don't have to tell you," I said guardedly.

"No, you don't.  I'll find them out before I leave though."

"An interesting proposition," I said, raising my eyebrows.  Helen laughed, the laugh of a drunk woman, loud, exuberant and over the top.

"Anyway, one odd thing about my ex was that he must have been one of the few men on the planet who didn't like watching porn.  So I've never actually seen more than a tiny glimpse of porn.  And I'm, well, mid-20s now."  I smiled at Helen's attempt to be discreet about her age.  If she was the same age as my sister, she was twenty-nine.  "Have you got any porn here?" she continued.

I thought of my collection.  Never was it more obvious than that moment quite how much your porn collection says about you.  I thought about the rows of bondage porn which dwarfed most other genres (if you can call them that), and realised that Helen would get her wish to find out my kinks within a minute of asking.  "Not really, no.  No, I don't."

"Come on, you must have some..?" she insisted.

"Maybe... maybe we should both get some sleep."  Her face fell.  It really killed the mood.  We went to bed soon after.  When we awoke the next morning we barely said anything to each other before heading off our separate ways.  The silence persisted until after our meal the next night.

"Look, last night, I think I may have made a bit of a fool of myself," Helen said haltingly as we cleared away the plates.

"No, you didn't.  I was afraid that I had snapped at you."

"No, not at all.  Let's go and sit down - you can tell me how the training went today."

"We were doing one of those crazy trust exercises.  It involves tying your partners hands together.  I'll tell you all about it - in fact if you had something to tie your hands together with I could show you."  My heart leapt.  This seemed unreal.  I paused for inner composure before replying.

"I think I might have some handcuffs someone gave me as a joke present," I said vaguely.

"They'd do," Helen replied.  I went upstairs and pretended to take a short time looking for them, as I selected an innocuous pair from my collection.

Helen demonstrated the exercise, to our mutual amusement.  "It's all about trust apparently," she said as she finished.

"Would you trust me to tie you up with these?" I asked, trying not to make the question as blunt as it probably sounded.

"I think I probably could.  You going to give me a safe word or something like that?" Helen asked teasingly, treating the idea as a lark.

"Antelope," I suggested off the top of my head.  I never was sure what would be a good safe word.

"Antelope it is," Helen said as she turned round and put her wrists together behind her back, waving them at me jokingly.  I put the cuffs on her, and gently eased her back so that she was sitting looking forwards on the sofa.  Her arms being behind her back made her push her chest forward.  Combined with her already large breasts, this made them look enormous as they protruded forwards enough that neither of us could ignore them.

"Does wonders for my chest," Helen joked.  "It looks as if my blouse may break."  She was still wearing her work clothes; a white blouse just thick enough to conceal the outline of her bra beneath, and a knee-length simple grey skirt with light-coloured pantyhose.  

"We'd better not do that," I said with a laugh, and I deftly undid the top buttons of her blouse to reveal her bosom, which was faintly jiggling as she breathed.  She looked incredibly sexy - a sultry temptress with her blouse undone as if for a photograph session.  The room was quiet, and the moment lasted.  There was undefinable tension in the air that felt as if it had stopped time.  I think neither of us knew what to do about it.  It seemed to pass due to our inaction, and I decided to lighten the mood.

"I know you probably haven't seen what I'm talking about, but you could almost be a naughty schoolgirl from a porn film," I joked.

"Oh yeah, what would happen to them usually then?" Helen asked, looking directly at my eyes.

"Bent over the teacher's knee I imagine."  There was a slight pause while I looked back at Helen.  I don't know whether she did move her eyes slightly or just that I could recognise something in there, but I knew that she would not mind what I did next; I took firm hold of her, and pulled her sideways over my lap.  She pulled her feet up on to the sofa of her own accord, leaving her slumped sideways over my legs.

"Then they'd get their skirt pulled up," I explained, lightly pulling Helen's skirt up and over her cuffed hands to reveal her pantyhose that went all the way up to her waist and covered her panties, which I noted were quite old and faded and relatively big; underwear that I recognised as not being intended for anyone else to see.  

For a moment I paused.  This woman, a friend of my sister's, had only been staying with me a few nights, and yet I had her tied up and bent over on my sofa.  She clearly wasn't expecting this, and I wasn't even sure she was single.  It all felt quite sudden and not quite fully consenting.  But then she had her safeword, and she hadn't even said stop.  Overcome by my own excitement I proceeded.

"Then they'd get their underwear pulled down to reveal their bottom," I said as I gently tugged down her pantyhose and panties until her buttocks were exposed, with a couple of strands of pubic hair showing over the waistband.

"Then what?" Helen asked croakily.

"Then they'd probably get spanked, but I don't think you want that."

"No, I'd rather not," Helen said.  I could not discern her mood at all - did she want me to go further or not?

"It would be a shame to ruin such a lovely bottom," I said, and before I realised I had done it, my hand was gently stroking the curve of her derriere.  Helen said nothing.  I placed my right hand on her right buttock, the one furthest from me, and gently stroked.  Holding my breath as I did so, I slowly snuck my thumb into the crack between her beautiful white globes and felt for the hole within.  Helen visibly tensed but said nothing.  I began making slow circles, running my thumb around the ridged circle of her skin.

"That feels sort of nice," she said as she relaxed.

"Has no-one done this to you before?" I asked.

"No-one's ever played with my ass before, it's something new, and... odd," Helen said.  I could feel my erection, which I had been trying to prevent, growing with the knowledge that I was toying with this woman's virginal ass.  I pulled my thumb up to my mouth and dribbled saliva onto it as subtly as possible.  I returned my hand to the same position, placing my thumb against the centre of the well that I had been the first to fondle.

Slowly, ever so slowly, I applied pressure and she yielded to my digit.  There was an intake of breath as it entered her, followed by a quiet "ohhhh" as Helen experienced a new sensation.

"How does that feel?" I couldn't resist asking.

"Different, just totally new.  Not painful, but sort of uncomfortable.  Just strange really."

"This might give it a different spin," I said as I boldly turned my hand and slipped two fingers beneath the waistband of her underwear that created a dividing line between her bottom and her sex.  I reached my fingers along her surprisingly slick crack to where her clitoris lay and began gently rubbing.

"Ohh," Helen said, loudly this time.  "That's.. ohhh, ohh my."  I gently slid my thumb even further inside her ass as my fingers made circles and lines on her clitoris.  I felt in complete control of Helen's body as I worked my manual magic, the bound woman across my lap oh-ing and ah-ing as I demonstrated the pleasures of anal stimulation during clitoral stimulation.

Her orgasm was inevitable, and took slightly longer than I had expected.  Helen seemed to spend a few minutes on the brink of orgasm without tipping over, almost the same if she was trying to sneeze but it kept escaping her.  She did come though, and I withdrew my fingers when her shudders had subsided.

"Could you uncuff me now?" she said weakly.  "I think I should clean up in the bathroom."  I freed her and she quickly walked off to the toilet, her underwear still part-way down her thighs.  I got up and found some tissues to wipe my hand clean, then sat and waited for her return, wondering what she would say.

Helen returned a minute or two later, and sat down next to me on the sofa.

"TV again?" she asked cheerily as she reached for the remote.  We watched the program without talking other than to make comments on the particular programme, something involving house-building.  During the course of the programme my erection faded.  Only as the credits rolled up did Helen speak about what had happened half an hour earlier.

"I don't know whether I should be angry, or grateful, but I'm certainly embarrassed," she said.  It was so sudden that it took me a moment to realise what she was talking about.

"Why should you be embarrassed?" I asked.

"Well, I've only been here a couple of days and you've already seen me semi-naked, and, well, felt as well.  You must think I'm such a slut."

"No, not at all.  It was just how it happened."

"Not only did you make me come, but you put a finger in my ass." Helen said the last three words hushed, as if someone else might hear.  "And I enjoyed it, so humiliating."

"Don't worry yourself about it.  The only people here were me and you.  You enjoyed yourself, and I am pleased that I made it happen.  Nothing else needs to be considered.  I'm not going to tell anyone, and I don't think you're a slut."

"I feel like I'm having - had - a one night stand," Helen protested.

"Nonsense," I said.  "After all, you're here for a few more nights," I added, trying to lighten the mood, and then regretted saying it.  "Not that I mean... that I expect..."

"No, I know you don't.  Although maybe I should just give in to my sluttiness and do it every night," Helen joked.  I laughed, recognising her nervous attempts at humour.  "I feel like I should say thank you, so thank you."  Her thanks were wooden but genuine.

"That's ok, I enjoyed doing it."

"I bet you did," Helen said quickly, seizing the chance to shift the focus.  "So were they any of your kinks?"

"Maybe."

"I think now you can at least say yes or no.  I'll leave any others alone.  Which bit was particularly to your tastes, the ass or the bondage?" 

"Both," I admitted.

"Both eh?  Ok, so you must have definitely enjoyed it.  Any more for me to find out about?"

"Maybe," I offered vaguely.  

"I think I'll leave them for another night," Helen said.
* * *
The next day there was no mention of the incident.  Helen seemed unwilling to go near the subject.  I decided that it was a one-off, but then she surprised me the day after with a question:  "Were those handcuffs actually a joke present?"

"Not so much," I said, trying to be vague.  Helen's eyes lit up.

"Do you have a collection?"

"Sort of."

"Can I see?" Helen asked, with great enthusiasm, out of the blue.

"Not really."

"Why not?"

"Only my girlfriends who are willing to try it all out get to see it," I said inventively, trying to steer her away from the subject.

"I'm willing to try it all out," Helen said, to my surprise.  Judging by the look on her face as she realised what she had said, she was surprised as well.

"I don't think you really are..." I said.

"Sure I would.  After all, you've already tied me up and tried new things with me.  What could be worse than that?"  I had the feeling that it was now some measure of bravado to avoid going back on her blurted-out claim.

"I'm just not sure that it would be your thing, you know?"

"What do you want from me before I can see it?" Helen asked, annoyance evident in her tone.  "Do you want to make some deal or something, you'll show it to me if you get to use it on me X number of times, something like that?  You want an orgasm in return?  Or what?"

"No, nothing like that.  I didn't mean it like that.  Look, let's go and have a look together.  No obligations or deals or anything, I'll show it to you, and that will be all.  Just don't run off screaming, ok?"

"I won't.  I didn't mean to snap, sorry.  I'm just still feeling a bit... silly... from earlier."

"That's fine, I understand.  Let's go and see my collection of sex toys."  Helen laughed, and I led her upstairs.

We were soon having a laugh delving through my collection of assorted sex toys and bondage gear.  I was expected Helen to be a bit intimidated or shocked by some of it, but if she was then she hid it well.  Instead she seemed curious.

"So would you try any of those, given chance with the right guy?  Any of it appeal to you?"

"That's quite a personal question," Helen observed.

"True, but then you know I like all of this so I figure it's only fair for you to confess which bits look fun."

Despite Helen's earlier protestations that she didn't know what she liked (which I now suspected were to throw me off the scent), she answered my question: "Well, I've never been tied up so I might give that a try, but I'm not sure about the whole blindfold-gag-ear-plugs thing, I think that would be quite scary.  The beads and plugs look interesting, but only the small ones obviously.  The nipple clamps seem strange, and I think they might hurt.  Maybe vibrators, but I'm not really a vibrator woman."  She reddened.  "I can't believe I just told you that."

We were both silent as Helen rifled through more of my erotic possessions.  "So these anal toys, are they just for women or do you use them as well?"

"I've used them in the past as well."

"What do they feel like?"

"It's hard to explain.  I think you'd really have to experience it yourself," I said.  I could have described it, but the scheming-male part of my mind was hoping that she might want to take up such an offer.

"I'm not looking for a repeat performance of earlier," Helen said sternly.  "You're not getting any more action."

"Think of it more as a medical experiment," I suggested.  "I even have the coat," I said with a laugh, holding up a stereotypical white doctor's coat that lay amongst the sex toys (from a previous role-play scene with an ex-girlfriend, I remembered).

"So I'd be your young female patient to experiment on?" Helen asked, raising one eyebrow.

"Yep, why not?" I said cheerfully.

"Ok," Helen said, to my surprise.  "Let's play doctors.  But you have to promise me, no matter what, that you won't touch my..." I looked at her inquisitively, as if I didn't know what she was going to say, "my pussy, or my boobs.  In fact, you aren't to take my underwear off at all."

"Would that make it a bit hard t-"

"Leave it to me.  Put on your coat, tidy up the place, and I'll be back to see the doctor in a minute or two."

Once Helen had left the room and bounded downstairs, I quickly tidied up the room and pulled out a table into the middle of the room.  It had a solid wooden top and three solid wooden sides.  It looked like a fairly normal table that happened to be in my bedroom.  In reality, I had used it several times before for other role-play scenarios such as the one I now had planned.  I had long ago added innocent-looking rings to the table-legs for use with bondage.  

I stripped naked, then put on a shirt and the doctor's coat.  Sitting on a chair behind the table, it would not be obvious to Helen that I was wearing nothing below the waist, my modesty only covered by the fastened coat.

Helen entered the room, wearing the same blouse and skirt as before.  She closed the door behind her.  "I'm here to see the doctor," she said, with a serious expression on her face.

"Take a seat," I told her, motioning to a chair that I had set up on the other side of the desk.  "What is the trouble?" I asked as she seated herself and crossed her legs.

"I'm having a little trouble with my bottom," Helen said, looking embarrassed.  I wondered if the embarrassment was genuine, or in character.  I sensed it was the former.  "An odd pain," she added.

"Let's take a look at that for you.  I'm going to have to ask you to put these on," I said boldly, and handed over two wrist-cuffs and two ankle-cuffs, trying to be as nonchalant as possible.  Helen opened her mouth, closed it, waited, and then spoke.

"Are these strictly necessary doctor?"

"Yes, I'm afraid so.  Is that a problem?"  I looked Helen directly in the eye, trying to read her reaction.

"Only in that I was hoping to... understand the procedure and the tools involved."

"I think that is still possible."  

"And you wouldn't do anything to break the doctor-patient understanding?" Helen asked, her eyes narrowing.

"I can assure you, I am very professional."  Helen seemed to make up her mind, and she began to put on the cuffs.  I got up and moved to the side of the table, where she could still not see my legs.  "I'd like you to bend over this table for me now."  Helen did as she was told, bending over the table edge.  Her chin was about level with the opposite edge to her legs.  I stretched her hands out sideways, along the length of the table, and fixed them to the table legs.  I used short chains to attach her ankles to the table-legs nearest them, without making it uncomfortable for her.  I pulled up her skirt, teasingly slowly, and saw why I would be able to avoid removing her underwear; Helen had cut out the back panel of her panties, leaving her ass bare except for the two elastic strips that ran diagonally across her buttocks.

"The first step in diagnosing problems of this kind is a manual examination," I explained in my role as doctor.  "I use lubricant to prepare my finger, and then I insert it like so."  I pushed my finger gently against her exposed ring, and watched gleefully as it slid inside her.  Helen let out her breath audibly.

"How does that feel?" I asked.

"Sorry?"

"Does that feel any better?"

"Yes, slightly."

"Interesting.  I have a device here that may help."  I picked up a small plug with curved ridges that made it look almost like anal beads without the string, and held it front of Helen's face so she could see what I was going to use as I withdrew my finger.  "We apply lubricant to this as well," I said as I did so, "and then we insert that."  I pushed the first bead in, and then the next and the next, until finally the neck of the plug was in the tight grip of Helen's sphincter.  With each bead that had gone in, I could hear her emit quiet groans.

"How does that feel?" I asked.  It was a few seconds before Helen replied.

"Like it went on forever," she said huskily.

"Good?"

"Oh yes," she answered emphatically.

"I'll just leave it in for a few moments, to help you relax.  In the meantime, I have a few standard questions I need to ask, in case this problem may be sexually transmitted.  When was the last time you had penetrative sex?"

"Nearly a year ago."

"And was that with a condom?"

"Yes, I always use a condom."

"Good, that's what I like to hear.  When was the last time you gave oral sex to a man?"

"The same sort of time."

"Was that also with a condom?"

"No, it wasn't."

"Hmmmmm.  Did you swallow?"

"No, I never swallow."  Helen was answering all my questions, staying in character.  My cock was hard beneath my coat.

"Ok, that helps.  I think it's time for the next treatment."  I held in front of Helen a butt plug of the classic design, a tapered point that widened and then narrowed to a slim neck, an inch and a half thick at its widest point.  Her eyes widened.

"Will that fit?"

"I'm sure it will."  I gently pulled at the plug, but after the first bead came out, the rest was ejected automatically.  I began lubricating the other plug, and put its head against Helen's slightly open hole.  I could hear her breathing heavily, and her cheeks quivered slightly in anticipation.  I applied steady pressure and the plug began slowly pushing her open as it made its way inside.

"It feels so big," Helen said as it was two-thirds of the way in.

"Nearly there," I said reassuringly.  She began breathing very heavily as the plug stretched her to the limit, and then it was all the way there, and she visibly relaxed as her ass closed around the neck.

"How do you feel now?" I asked, as I had before.

"Turned-on," she admitted.  "Very turned-on."

"Really?" I said, pretending to be surprised.

"Can you just... please... touch my clitoris.  Please."

"I don't think that would be appropriate," I said, trying to stay in character.

"Forget all that.  I'm asking you to touch me," Helen said bluntly.

"I promised not to," I said, knowing that it would frustrate her.

"What if you let my hand free, I'll do it myself."

"Oh, I don't think that's called for."

"Then what do you want?" Helen said, exasperation showing in her voice.  "What if I said you could fuck me?"

"That's an interesting proposition," I said, walking in front of her.  I opened my coat and my hard cock sprang out, and dangled in front of Helen's face.  She stared at it for a moment, surprised, and then opened her mouth and pushed her tongue forwards.  I shuffled forwards, using my hand to guide my penis onto the moist carpet of her tongue.  Helen closed her lips around the pre-come covered head, and began winding her tongue around my sensitive end.

"Look at me," I told her, and she cast her eyes up at me.  I looked down at her wide brown eyes, her face contorted by the suction on my member, and smiled at the sight of this woman, tied up and sucking my dick, longing for me to pleasure her.  I couldn't imagine a better situation to be in.  Well, maybe just one.

"I'm not going to break my promise," I told her as I stroked her hair while her mouth bobbed slightly on the end of my dick.  "But I am going to fuck you.  I'm just going to fuck you in the ass."

I pulled out of her mouth, and waited for a second to see if she said anything.  She did not.  I reached for a condom and tore the wrapper open.  I unravelled the rubber sheath in front of her face.  She was silent.  I lubricated my dick while she watched, and then walked behind her.  I tugged at the plug, and she groaned as it forced her wide open again during its exit.  I pressed the head of my cock against her gaping hole, and pushed it even further open as I entered her.

"Ugghhhhhhhh, uhhhhhhhhhh," she groaned as I pushed my way further inside, feeling the pressure of her muscles against me as I pried them open with my dick.  "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh," she managed as I slid all the way in.  I waited for a few seconds, to see if she would ask me to take it back out.

"Can you... take it out now?" Helen said weakly.

"The pain will fade in a few seconds," I said helpfully.

"No, it's not that.  I've... I've come," she admitted quietly.

"Oh." I was shocked.  "Oh," I repeated dumbly.  "Right."  I stayed for a few seconds, enjoying the sensations, and then reluctantly withdrew, knowing that I was not going to come in her ass as I had planned to.

"Sorry," she offered.

"That's ok," I told her as I untied her.  She left the room while I cleared everything away.
* * *
We didn't speak of our adventures the next day.  Like before, Helen behaved as if it had never happened.  Then, the day after that, she suddenly brought up the subject of sex again.

"So can we watch your porn this evening?" Helen asked as we ate our curry.  I almost choked at her sudden suggestion.

"Do you want to?"

"Yep," she said with a broad grin.

"I think we probably can then," I told her.

Half an hour later we had begun watching a DVD.  It was straight down to business; within five minutes the dominant man of the piece already had the submissive woman tied up, bent over the bed, and he was lubricating her ass.  The camera focused on the woman's face, contorted by an unknown mixture of pain and pleasure, as the man forced his way inside her anus.

"I bet you enjoyed doing that to me the other night," Helen whispered in my ear as she turned towards me, and I felt her hand running up the inside of my thigh.  My cock began unfurling and hardening inside my trousers.

"Stop it," I snapped.

"What?"

"I want you to stop this, game, whatever you want to call it.  One night you're all sexual and submissive, the next you refuse to even acknowledge it happened.  Which is it - do you want the sex or do you not?"

"I do enjoy it, but it's just... when I'm horny I just want you to take charge and make me try all these crazy new things, but when I'm all done and sober again, I feel ashamed and I'm not interested at all."

"Ok, let's keep it simple.  Do you want to be dominated right now?  Yes or no?"

"Yes."

"Good.  When I come back downstairs, I expect you to be standing in the middle of the room, naked."  I walked upstairs, resisting the temptation to run.  I gathered up all the equipment I thought I would need and headed back downstairs to the kitchen, where I picked up an ice-cube tray.  I rounded the doorway of the lounge to see Helen standing in the middle of the room.

She was naked.  She stood with her hands by her side, and looked ready to cover her modesty at any moment.  Her self-conscious pose made her look slightly vulnerable and charming.  Her breasts dominated her figure.  They were not too large, but with any enhancement they would be.  Her left breast was slightly, but noticeably, larger than her right.  Pinky-red nipples adorned the tip of each breast, and they looked to be hardening in the open air.  Her stomach curved outwards below her bosom, forming a slight belly that narrowed down into her bushy pubic triangle, just visible at the top of her legs that were firmly together as if glued.

I walked into the room after staring at her, and sat on the sofa in front of her, placing my bundle of items next to me.  I quickly eased off my trousers and underwear.  Helen gazed down at my rigid cock, anticipation written on her face.

"Turn around and watch the film," I told her.  She did so.  I pulled her hands behind her and cuffed them together.  "Spread your legs."  Helen shuffled them apart, and I squirted lube onto my finger before prodding it up between her buttocks to her ass.  I smeared it all around her closed hole.  Helen was pushed forwards slightly, but did not move her feet.  I poured more lubricant into my palm and then grasped the anal beads besides me, squashing the jelly against the beads until they were sliding easily around, and almost out of, my hand.

I pressed the first bead against Helen's ass and it gave way quickly, as if snatching the bead from me.  She groaned softly.  I quickly fed the remaining beads into her eager ass, each insertion accompanied by a small moan.  When I had finished, I realised that I had no tissues to wipe my lubricated hand on.  I put my hand against the outside of Helen's thigh and wiped my slippery hand against her, transferring the lubricant to her legs.  I then did the same against the outside of her other leg with the back of the same hand.  Helen shivered but said nothing.

"Kneel down."  I blindfolded my willing slave.  "Turn around and come closer, still on your knees."  Helen shuffled awkwardly towards me, her breasts sticking out, pushing towards me, begging to be played with.  I took an ice cube and touched it against her chin.  Helen jumped backwards slightly as the cold block touched her.  I held it against her and slowly ran it down her neck, and then to the right, down towards her right nipple.  It hardened and expanded outwards as I circled it with my melting ice.  Her nipple was like a tower on the hill of her breast, a cone jutting out towards my naked groin.  I repeated the procedure on her larger breast, until it was similarly erect.

I clipped nipple clamps onto her delightfully large nipples and she flinched as the clips pinched her sensitive teats.

"How's that?" As usual, I couldn't resist asking.

"Uncomfortable.  Slightly painful."  I pulled at the chain joining the clamps, until it was taut.  "Ahh, owwww that hurts," she said between heavy breaths as she instinctively pushed her torso upwards to follow the direction I was pulling in.  I pushed my hips forward and leant forwards as I pulled the chain gently to my groin, and then eased it over the top of my near-vertical erect dick.  Helen's tits and mouth were now trapped inches from my member.  I put my hand on the top of her head and guided her mouth to the head of my penis as I leant back again.  She opened her lips and took me in her mouth.

"Show me how deep you can go," I told her, and she slid her lips over half-way down my cock.  I felt the roof of her mouth against my swollen dome.  Helen pulled back and slid up until she almost released my dick, breathing heavily.  I had intended to make me suck me for longer, but I was too eager for the next part of my plan.  I moved her chain over the end of my member again, releasing her.  She caught her breath as I tore open a condom and rolled it down over my dick.

I pulled at the chain, and used it to get Helen to her feet.  I pulled it backwards over my head, and released it as Helen stumbled forwards and fell onto the sofa, her knee falling awkwardly into my thigh.  She regained her balance and adjusted her legs so that she was straddling mine.  With one hand I pulled her up using her chain, and with the other I reached down and guided my cock to her vagina, which was as wet as I had hoped it would be.  I teased her by rubbing my rubber-sheathed cock against her clitoris before pushing it back to her entrance.  She understood, and slowly lowered herself down onto me.

"Ride me," I commanded her, and she began awkwardly sliding up and down on me, her hands still bound behind her back.   Occasionally she lost her balance and fell forwards against me.  As the clips hit my chest she whimpered slightly in pain, but she kept going, her groin slamming down onto mine.  We both began breathing faster, our hearts racing as we raced towards our climaxes.

Overcome by my arousal as I closed to within seconds of my orgasm, I grabbed her nipple clamp chain in one hand, and reached around with the other to grab the ring that hung from the end of the string of the anal beads inside her ass.  As my cock overloaded with sensation and I felt semen begin pulsing down the back of my shaft, I pulled her chain upwards while I yanked the beads from her ass.

"AGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH," Helen shouted as her own erogenous zones were all harshly stimulated, the chain caused a small burning sensation in her breasts while her ass muscles rippled against the beads that I tore from her ass while her clitoris banged against my pubic bone.  She came loudly, shouting in pain and pleasure as she climaxed.  I kept on coming, releasing my sexual frustration of the past week inside her rippling pussy.

I peeled Helen's blindfold off and undid the nipple clamps before reaching round to release her hands.  Her face was flushed bright red.

"That was intense," she said, her eyes blinking and unfocused.

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked.

"Despite being in pain a lot, yes.  Pretty weird I guess."

"Not as uncommon as you might think though," I told her.  She suddenly snapped out of her stupour and climbed off me.  I went to the bathroom to clean up.

When I returned to the room, Helen was sat on the sofa fully clothed.  "So let me see," she said, "your kinks are anal play, bondage and sadism."

"I think that covers most of them," I admitted.  "They fit quite well with your love of having your ass played with, being tied up, and being in pain."

Helen looked slightly embarrassed but did not look away, or avoid the question.  "I guess they do," she said.  "Shame I have to leave after work tomorrow."

"It is.  Who knows, maybe we'll meet again some time."

"I'd like that," Helen said, and smiled.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





