BDSM Library - My Blonde Experience




My Blonde Experience
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lustful feelings for a girl at work allows this brunette to fulfil his lustful desire to battle a blonde in a nude all out wrestling war.







Since I first laid eyes on him I wanted to feel my hand in his beautiful
long blonde hair tugging and pulling

 
   jim
   jim
  1
  2
  2006-05-26T23:57:00Z
  2006-05-26T23:59:00Z
  1
  1812
  10330
   
  86
  24
  12118
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Since I first laid eyes on him I wanted to feel my hand in his
beautiful long blonde hair tugging and pulling. He thought he was so cute and
smug. I knew I needed to pull his hair out. That was the only thing on my mind
except for this beautiful girl at work that I wanted to make love to so bad.

&nbsp;

Let me set the stage for this wrestling war. This happened three
summers ago. I was 40 at the time and I had a lifelong desire for catfighting.
I just loved it when two gorgeous girls,especially a blue eyed blonde vs. a
brown eyed brunette who were both evenly matched,got into catfights and nude
wrestling. Nothing turned me on more. I spent a long time searching thru all
kinds of ads for a perfect matchup for me to wrestle and after many long months
I finally found him. I'm a dark brown eyed,dark long brunette haired male,
40,Italian/Latin background,&nbsp;and I stand at 5'10&quot; and weigh 170. I
built a beautiful strong muscled body thru years of weightlifting and working
hard at my job,but my body was very lean and slim muscled,not bulky. And very
summer I would get an overall dark tan and I mean overall including my cock and
balls. I loved tanning in the nude in my private yard.&nbsp;&nbsp;I 'm 9&quot;
fully erect but with huge balls. That's my best feature,huge thick round very
full balls. I'm totally smooth shaven,no body hair at all including armpits and
crotch area. That's the way I like it. 

&nbsp;

This blonde male I wrote to in a wrestling directory called the
Amfem was just what I was looking for. He's 40,Nordic/Irish background and
stands at 5'10&quot; and is 170 lbs. with a lean slim beautifully built body
the exact same body size as me and he is totally smooth with no body hair and
shaved his pubic hair and his armpits like me. It was like a dream come true
for both of us since we were both searching for this matchup. He has long
straight blonde hair and blue eyes and light golden blonde skin and his cock
measured 9 and a I/4&quot; but his balls were not quite as big as mine but they
were spectacular nonetheless. He was so super cute like a beautiful sexy
looking Uma Thurman,his long blonde hair reaching a little past his shoulders.
My long thick slightly curly dark hair reached past my shoulders too and came
down in sexy bangs. That's the way I liked it. I resemble a sexy looking Alanis
Morresette. We looked like two super cute super sexy male strippers. We wrote
to eachother exchanging photo poloroids in tiny g-strings and exchanged vicious
verbal taunts. He told me he sets up mats in his apartment and wrestles girls
that he meets,just fun wrestling but also had a desire to have a real match
with a long haired brunette male who's evenly matched with him but could never
find the right matchup with someone who had the exact same tastes in wrestling
and the exact same fetish. Well we both finally found the perfect matchup and
we were not gonna let this slip by.

&nbsp;

I wanted to keep this a secret from everyone I knew but one day
before I set up our fight and just before I left work for my summer vacation, I
just had to tell this one beautiful girl at work,a super gorgeous ,super sexy
dark eyed dark haired Peruvian girl who I was in love with,or at least, in lust
with. We used to talk a lot,she admired my super strong lean muscled body.I got
so aroused when I just looked at her and especially when I rubbed up against
her beautiful dark Spanish body. She looked a lot like the actress Penelope
Cruz but only sexier and more exotic. I used to show her poloroids of my nude
sensual body and she was so turned on by it. One day she told me how bored she
was sitting at her desk at work so I decided to tell her about my secret match
I had set up in just a few days. I brought her to my car to show her this photo
of my blonde opponent and another photo of me to show her how evenly matched we
were and told her I was gonna get into the wildest nude wrestling match with
him. She spoke ok English but not great&nbsp;and she made it look like she
didn't understand what I was describing to her but I know she did. It felt a
little embarrasing cause I didn't want anyone else to know about this.

&nbsp;

I never told you about this match Ruthie because I couldn't risk
anyone else at work know so if you&nbsp;ever get to read this,this story is for
you.

&nbsp;

The day finally came. I was so nervous as I traveled to his NYC
apartment from NJ where I lived. It was very hot.middle of summer. I had a
super dark bronze looking tan wearing a black tank top and jeans. I reached his
door,knocked. He knew I was coming up and he opened the door. We just stood
there, hands on hips,both of us staring eachother down. I never felt anything
like this. The primal energy was unbelievablely intense. We both had huge
erections in our pants and we're both totally straight,not gay at all,it's just
that our matchup was so perfect and we both looked so incredibly cute with our
long hair,especially blonde hair vs. brunette hair,that it aroused us so much.
He then yelled &quot;Bitch!&quot; and pulled me inside his apartment by my
black t-top,ripping it to shreds. I was so stunned actually trembling with
nervous excitement and so was he. I grabbed at his white tank top and pulled
and pulled ripping his shirt right off his blonde body. We stood there sizing
eachother up then proceded to strip down so we were both totally nude. Our cocks
and balls just dangling,swaying slowly from side to side,hanging heavy and
aroused. We lightly oiled our bodies for a shiny smooth look and feel and we
smelled so good from the fragrant oils.

&nbsp;

&quot;Blonde pussy remember what we said,this is for real,anything
goes except no punching or kicking.&quot; I said to my blue eyed blonde
opponent.

&nbsp;

&quot;Brunette slut,let's do it you biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

&nbsp;

Fucking blonde biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!!!!!!!!!!!&nbsp;

&nbsp;

We attacked eachother pulling at eachother's long&nbsp; sexy hair,
both hands in eachother's hair pulling,tugging. I felt I was the slightly
stronger of us. He worked with computers and I lifted heavy boxes all day. We
both worked out with weights and were evenly matched. I flipped him over by his
hair. He looked stunned as he crashed down to the mats. I picked him up by his
blonde hair and pulled him around the room. He grabbed my huge dark tanned
balls and squeezed hard. &quot;Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!!!!! I
screamed. Now he had me by the hair as he flipped me up and over by my long
brunette hair. Uuuunnngghhh,I never felt pain like this before. We both rolled
around,our sexy strong lean muscled smooth hairless bodies pressed together,so
slippery,we could barely hold on to eachother. We did pour more oil than we
thought. I slapped his gorgeous blonde&nbsp;arms and legs so hard but he
returned the favor slapping my dark bronze tanned arms and legs. We pulled on
eachother's thick muscled asses,slapping and punching eachother's butts. We
were tiring badly but now it got personal cause it got so dirty. We both did
not want to lose. I had to prove that brunettes are tougher than blondes and he
had to prove the opposite. What a fight we got into. I didn't want to get into
a cockpulling contest cause I know how much that would hurt but it happened. I
started it by pulling on his blonde erect dick so hard that he shot out a huge
load of white hot cum all over. I knew he would retaliate and he did,pulling on
my brunette dick so hard,I never felt pain like this. I shot out the hugest
load of white hot&nbsp;cum ever in my life. We were dead tired at this
point,about a half hour into our nude vicious match. We then got into the
wildest hairpulling you'll ever see. I wish Ruthie could've seen this. I know
she would have been screaming and cheering us on and having orgasms. There was
hair all over the mat from the pulling. I could feel and hear my dark strong
hair being ripped out by the roots. I ripped out a handful or two of his blonde
hair. I slowly got up.picked up my opponent by his blonde hair and flipped him
hard. I could barely stand as I leaned down to do it again,he pulled me down by
my hair,then picked up my tired limp brunette body and threw me across the room
by my hair. I came crashing down with a grunt as I slid across the mat on my
belly my dick squirting out more cum. This blonde cunt slowly walked over to
me,falling at my side,turned me right side up and grabbed my cum in his blonde
hands and smeared it all over my face. I was so humiliated,but he started to
look tired so I wrestled him down and got on top of him,sitting on his torso. I
then pulled his dick savagely as he shot out more cum right into my face. I was
momemtarily stunned when he grabbed my long dark hair and pulled me backward. I
lay on him not able to move as he kept pulling,my sexy dark face dripping with
cum. Then he let go from exhaustion. We somehow got into a 69 position,both our
faces buried in the crack of our sexy smooth hairless butts. I smelled and
tasted his blonde ass and balls and he smelled and tasted my dark tanned
brunette ass and balls. We rolled around like this for about three minutes. How
humiliating it felt but also so sexy. We both stood up and slapped our balls
and cocks so hard,trading slap for slap then he grabbed my huge balls and twisted
it in his blonde hand. I screamed and pulled his hair out. He screamed.

&nbsp;

&quot;sissy lolita biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;
I screamed at him.

&nbsp;

&quot;Pussyyyyyyyyyyyyyy slut!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; he screamed
back at me.

&nbsp;

We wrestled eachother down to the mat again so totally spent and
tired,almost nothing left.

&nbsp;

We both lay there for about two minutes just to catch our breath
and strength. We just kept calling eachother &quot;&quot;bitch&quot; and
&quot;cunt&quot; and &quot;pussy&quot; and &quot;slut&quot;. Then we slowly sat
up facing eachother and started slapping eachother's faces. I viciously slapped
his super cute Uma Thurman like face and he slapped my sexy Alanis Morrisette
looking face so hard. We got so horny at this point rolling around biting and
scratching and pulling every body part we could get our tired hands on. We just
got so horny that we just said screw this and decided to fight like two little
fifth grade schoolgirl lolitas in a schoolyard catfight. We were both a
mess,our bruised&nbsp;bodies all red and scratched up,our dicks a little
mangled, I pinned him again this time by his blonde hair,but it was a big
mistake for me. His blonde arms were free and he started to slap me, They were
so light and weak slaps,with nothing on them. I laughed them off saying,
&quot;that all you got cunt? then this is gonna be over soon.&quot;&nbsp; But
he just kept slapping and slapping and now they were starting to sting. These
light girlie lolita slaps were actually doing the job and soon he was slapping
me all over,my arms,chest shoulders,face,legs. I fell backward lying there. He
slowly got up picked me up by the hair,we both looked into eachother's eyes,his
cute blue eyes into my cute dark brown eyes and we knew this was the payoff. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm gonna end this bitch&quot;, my blonde opponent said to
me almost in a whisper. He grabbed hold of&nbsp;my long dark beautiful thick
strong hair and pulled as I grabbed his blonde hair with what little strength I
had left.&nbsp; &quot;I'm still the stronger of us two and I'm
gonna..........&quot; but right in the middle of what I was saying,he flipped
me up and over by my hair as I went crashing down. I was totally finished. The
hairpulling did me in. I knew I was the stronger and tougher of us&nbsp; but I
never faced an evenly matched cute long blonde haired blue eyed male before in
a wrestling match and he never faced an evenly matched cute brown eyed long
haired brunette male&nbsp;before. I was the one that gave out first. This sissy
blue eyed blonde beat the shit out of me but not after I beat crap out of him
too. It's just that I got the worst of it.

&nbsp;

Oh Ruthie I did this for you. All those days I used to see you at
work,your beautiful dark Peruviun arms and legs I would always stare at and
your sexy beautiful shaved armpits. I could see a closeup of tiny shaved
stubble sometimes. It drove me wild and you smelled soooooo good. I would do it
again and go thru all this hairpulling just for you. I love you,you know that.

&nbsp;

Would love to hear any comments. Especially by women.










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  latinlover69


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





