BDSM Library - Swings and Things




Swings and Things
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  D/s relationship, new toy.. a swing!!!






In a message dated 4/18/2004 11:25:14 PM Pacific Standard Time, XASpecialWishX writes:

"Did you write today my sweet peach?" 

A question heard as your footsteps walk down the hall to our bedroom door. You see me sitting at my desk, lost in thought and typing away. You walk directly behind me and grab each one of my breasts, pinching my nipples with your index finger crooked and thumbs. 

"OOuch," I cry out as your face nuzzles in my neck, low masculine tones whispering words in my ear slowly and clearly,

" did you get hot today thinking about my cock in your mouth?" your hot breath teasing my touch receptors, causing goosebumps to swell and pop up down my neck and arms.&nbsp; I stop typing, turn my head around, inches from your crotch, I lay my head against your left hip, bedroom blue grey eyes look up at you affectionately.

" OOOhhhh yes Master, I got very hot ( emphasize Hot!) thinking of sucking your thick hard love rod ." 

I hear the sound of a zipper as you unzip your pants, pulling your cock out and stroking against my cheek. I purrr contentedly, leaning my head into your cock and balls. I nuzzle my face between the hanging oblong orbs taking a deep breath in and inhaling the scent of you. I run my soft cheeks along the length of your shaft, every once in a while, flicking my tongue out&nbsp; to trail saliva and lubricate your thickness.&nbsp; I open my mouth wider, sticking my tongue out, trying to lick your mushroom head, and then circle back down.&nbsp; Your hand presses against my forehead stopping me from succeeding to steal anymore sweet treats. In a Domly stern manner you said

" No baby doll, you know the rules, you have to ask for my permission before you can kiss my cock."&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My head turns in shame, looking down at the keyboard. My pony tails fall forward over my deep cleavage that is being held tightly by a pink lace and white satin corsette. Hands lying loosely folded in my lap, bedroom fuck me eyes looking up into yours passionately, sullen tones spoken softly, 

"yes, Master, I know the rules Sir. " 

You step closer to me, cradling my head against your cock and the soft fur of your balls rub against my face.&nbsp; Still maintaining the gaze, you say to me 

" It pleases me when you do so. " 

Chills up my spine, face flushing from the heat rising in my pussy, my body reacting to your words so typically. I can feel your cock getting harder against my soft skin. My mouth starts to water when you place the head on my bottom lip, rubbing it back and forth, deep penetrating stares into my smokey blue eyes. Almost a plea is heard..... 

"Please Master, can I please suck your cock?"

 You answer tenderly, " Yes My Love, you may"&nbsp; and you slowly feed me the thickness that my mouth craves for... very slowly... one centimeter at a time.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You moan out and thrust you cock deeper down in my hot wet mouth, and I can tell from the sound of you, that you are feeling very pleased. I stop sucking, and look up at you

 " I am here to please you Master, what ever you desire" 

I feel my throat being stretched as I close my eyes and you push deeper into my mouth, my gag reflexes being quieted by your probing head, getting my first taste of precum as you wrap your hand around the shaft and gently squeeze forward as if you were feeding it to me. Seductive smiles down at me as you speak ever so clearly, and slowly.. purposefully

 "Yessss...suck your Masters love juice Princess, if you are really good Master will give you a facial. 

" MMmmmmmm"&nbsp; moans are all you hear for a response, while you cup the back of my head, guiding your thick rod as you deep throat me. 

In a whiney lil girl voice, I stop sucking and say&nbsp; 

" please Master, I want to taste your cum, pleaaseease," 

stretching out the please a lil longer this time,...

" I need all of your love juices." 

"You must be patient My Pet, Master will give you his hot cum when he feels he is ready to give you a&nbsp; treat" You tap the end of my nose with your index finger and smile " I do so love a good cock sucker, then you pause, your tone deepening, " you do well at pleasing me Princess." 

Your finger trails down my nose, and you continue to watch me fuck your cock with my red glossy lips. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Luscious lips&nbsp; leave a smeared red ring around your cock,&nbsp; as my tongue twirls under the rim, then glides&nbsp; up and down the length of your shaft as if I was&nbsp; playing a harmonica. " such a pretty cumslut you are for your Master" 

I gently nod, still looking up at you, mouth filled, sucking harder and faster, up and down. You pet my hair; and, in a loving voice say to me 

" thats a good girl, baby,&nbsp; suck your Masters cock, suck it harder... yesss" coaxing me on ... "that's it."&nbsp; You grab your cock and remove it from the suction of my mouth. Then you&nbsp; grab my pony tails and push your cock into my mouth and pulling my pony tails guiding my mouth open wider and deeper, until I felt the familiar pull of my throat, your hips thrust against my chin, our eyes boring into eachothers lustfully and hungrily. In loving soothing tones I hear your words " You are going to be Masters good lil slut and drink up all of my love juice, aren't you My Sweet?

I stop sucking, pulling my mouth slow off of your cock, slowly smiling as my mouth gets closer to your head. 

"Yes Master, I will do anything to please you, and I loooove the way you taste."&nbsp; Then licking my almost puffy fucked looked mouth I said "Yummm MMmmmm."&nbsp; Still pumping and grinding your hips into my face, fucking me like a good lil cumsucker" I have a present for you My Sweet Peach," and if you are a good girl and drink all my cum you will get to see what it is." Then you continue&nbsp; "But first, we must put on this black satin eye cover" You pull the eye cover out from your back pocket, and place it down over my head, stopping at my ears and nose, asurring that there is no ability for me to see. "There now, don't you look adorable!?! I hear your low funny chuckle and I stand there blindfolded, pouting. "Your making fun of me!!" I don't like that!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel a hard smack on my ass as the ping pong paddle comes swooping down on my ass cheeks. "OUCH!!" Silence. Then " ahem"&nbsp; continuing to make love to your cock with my mouth, and not answering you.&nbsp; Regaining my rhythm and flow, sucking hard on, sucking harder off, remembering to keep my tongue twirling under the rim each time my head bobs off and on your cock head and down to the base of your pubic bone.&nbsp; " You will learn to like what I give you and never question it. " You take in a big breath, to continue on your mini rant "&nbsp; You will say Yes Master, or as you wish Master, " pause " do you understand?" I speak quickly "&nbsp; Yes Master." 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Just as my mouth was about to open completely to say thank you, I feel spurts of hot sweet cum squirting against my cheeks, up my nose, over my eyelids, my hair and in my mouth. I slurp up hungrily, closing my eyes and moving my head around blindly trying to catch every last drop. Your hips stop jerking as your moans wane down, and then one final jerk and an " ahhhhhh" almost a grunt. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I lick my lips while the tips of my fingers rub&nbsp; semi big circles, blending your hot cum like a facial, "I've been told cum is&nbsp; a natural tightener, with collagen and elastin and lots of protein." Certain that I have paid enough attention to my hygiene I turn my head back around, and our eyes lock. Your face bends forward into mine as we exchange a passionate kiss that lasts over a minute. You break the kiss before pulling me up to a standing position.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then your hand covers mine and we walk out the livingroom leading&nbsp; me into our bedroom, stopping under the doorway and you remove the blindfold and tell me 

"Look over there in the corner" Your right hand extends and then points to the swing that is completely assembled and secured&nbsp; in the ceiling. My eyes widen and a big bright smile appears on my face as my eyes travel over our bed and into the far left corner near the window.&nbsp; Elated tones, almost a scream 

"Oooohhhhhh You bought me a Swing!!!!!!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I jump up and down a little bit, big breasts bouncing under a cropped pink t-shirt...and in my sweetest lil girl voice I say&nbsp; " can I try it... please?" I&nbsp; pause and ask again " Pretty Please with sugar on top????" 

Your chuckle resonates in my heart 

" Of course, but have you been a good girl today? 

You look into my eyes and watch my face as I answer. A smile creeps across my face,&nbsp; I nod yes,. remembering that earlier today I had to stop writing to masturbate because I was tooo excited to write. 

"Do not lie to Master precious, I know when you have been bad." Your feet step closer to the bed, you pull the cool blue linen sheets back looking for a sign, your hand brushes over a damp spot. Your head turns, I hear tones of disappointment. " Do you want to tell me the truth now?" 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I can tell by the tone of your voice you are displeased with me enough to spank me. My pussy craves the feeling of your hands smacking against my ass. In a sweet assured voice I reply&nbsp; " No, Master, I did not lie to you" 

My cheeks flush and get warm instantly as I look into your eyes.&nbsp; Ice cold looks back at me. 

"Assume the position, "you say harshly and then you snap your fingers.

" Right now... Lisa, c'mon chop chop! "

You clap your hands waiting while watching me move quickly on my knees to the end of the bed. My palms open and lay flat in front of me, my head turns to the right,&nbsp; looking at the closet doors as my body bends over, ass high in the air. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hear your pants unzip, your buckle clank against the leather of your belt, and you snap the leather once you have it doubled. I flinch, goosebumps raise on my skin. Stern voice " you know you why you are getting this spanking, do you not My Little One?" 

" Yes Master, I know. I masturbated and came with out permission." 

Feeling the first sting against my soft ass cheeks, I whimper.

 " You know better.... do you not My Pet?"&nbsp; Your voice filled with disappointment. 

" Yes Master" is all I can say in return, feeling another hard smack against my ass.&nbsp; "Please no more Master, I promise I will be good, I won't play with myself anymore unless I ask your permission first. " 

Another hard spank across my thighs and ass, I yelp out in pain. "Oooowwwwwww" 

"You're right My Pet, you will not play with yourself again, because next time I leave you alone, you will be bound to the bed. 

Emphasis on is, "Is that Understood? " 

"Yes Sir,&nbsp; Master Sir, I understand." my fingers trembling against the quilted wedding ring pattern&nbsp; bedspread, getting ready to push my body up and off the bed. I feel your strong arm in the middle of my back stopping me. 

" Not yet My Sweet, your work here is not complete."

&nbsp; You attach a silver chain to my diamond and sapphire studded collar, and place the blindfold over my eyes again, helping me to a stand and&nbsp; leading me to the swing.&nbsp; You pull on the chain, motioning me to spread my legs position, I needed assistance with my legs into the holes.&nbsp; My hands feel blindly in front of me for a place to hold on to as I feel the swing moving under me.&nbsp; You place my hands on the cool steel chains on at a time and then secure leather straps around each wrist. 

 " Do not move your hands Precious." 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You lubricate the double headed dildo with kama sutra oil, and place one head against my pussy, running it up and down my slit, then stopping to circle my clit counter clockwise. I moan out, loving the feeling, my pussy hungry for your love. "Open your mouth my little Cumslut" Your hand squeezes a few drops of precum to the tip of your cock and you smear it across my lips before I have the chance to open them. " Lick the sweetness Precious, and suck on your Masters cock head" I immediately obey your direction, lapping the precum up and flipping my tongue back and forth across your head. 

" Yes Master" I pause to say to you, 

" thank you Master for letting me suck your cock. " 

You pat my head, taking a few moments to stroke through my silky tresses. You say to me lovingly&nbsp; " Such a good girl you are for Master My Sweet."&nbsp; Still circling my clit with the head of the dildo, then rubbing down past my taint to the pink starfish. Swirling it around and around my puckered asshole while you press your cock deeper into my mouth. I can feel the head almost at the back of my throat. You probe the head of the dildo against my ass, watching it pop into the&nbsp; tight hole, " relax Precious, and take it all in like a good nasty slut. " You say to me. I don't say anything in return, instead I close my eyes and relax, allowing the width and length of the dildo to sink deep into my ass. Feeling it stretch and burn going in, but knowing better not to complain. I have to stop sucking your cock to say&nbsp; " yes Master, I love having my ass fucked Master" in a sweet school girl voice "thank you for taking the time to fuck my sweet ass Master." 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You push your hips forward, pressing the dildo in deeper, sliding the other head up and down my slit until it slips into my wet pussy. I can feel both heads going in and out of me as you pound your hips into my mouth. Fucking my pretty face, telling me 

" thats a good lil cumslut, suck your Masters cock, and let me fuck both of your hot holes at once, you know you want it... " 

 Your hand grabs a handful of my hair to guide my head into your thick hard cock as you begin to pound the double headed dildo into my pussy and ass. 

In a begging pleading voice I reply, 

" Yes Master, I wish to please you Master, what ever you want to do to me, make me your fuck toy,&nbsp; your sex slut, use me for your pleasures."&nbsp; At the sound of my words your cock explodes into my mouth, splashes all over my cheeks and shoots into my hair. I slurp up with my tongue what I can catch, what shoots in my mouth I swallow quickly, I can feel myself riding the wave of orgasm, getting closer, on the edge.....

I beg " Please Master, may I cum now?" 

You look down at me lovingly, my clit hard, you know from the juices flowing out of my pussy that I am soo close, you don't want to torture me further, in a soothing commanding voice you say " yes My Love, you may cum." 

I scream out loudly as I feel the wash of ecstasy over me, my cheeks and upper chest flush a bright pink, my mouth parts as moans of pleasure escape, peaking a high pitched "OHhhhhh Myyy Gaaaawwwwddddd" my walls squeeze the dildo so hard you can barely pull it out. And when you do.. sweet creamy cum juices squirt out and onto the bottom of the swing seat, leaving a small puddle on the black leather seat. . My orgasm wanes and you wipe my hair from my face, kissing my lips passionately. 

" I love you baby doll" you say to me in the most tenderest of&nbsp; tones.

 " I love you too Master, thank you for treating me like such a nasty naughty lil slut!"&nbsp; You help me out of the swing, and swat my ass, leaving a light pink hand print on my left butt cheek, then you take me into your arms and hold me close.&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lisa Marie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





