BDSM Library - The Game show




The Game show
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Watched a TV Game Show recently and found them repetitive and insipid. Where�s the excitement in a contestant answering a question and winning loads of money. However, if she was in jeopardy of sexual abuse, rape and death if she failed then it might be more stimulating 







THE GAME SHOW by BlackStar second edition
Watched a TV Game Show recently and found them repetitive and insipid.&nbsp; Where the excitement in a contestant answering a question and winning loads of money.
However, if she was in jeopardy of sexual abuse, rape even death then if she failed then it might be more stimulating
x
To reply to certain criticisms about this story as published before, I have removed the offending part and edited and added to the story, I hope you enjoy. Further to add to your enjoyment I have constructed several phoney photographs, purporting to show the contestants, their ordeal, and the consequences. 
If you feel that these would enhance your enjoyment of this story, please e-mail me at or if you would like to donate some of your own please feel free to send to peter@ read354.Freeserve.co.uk


THE GAME SHOW by BlackStar
Synopsis.&nbsp; The year 2050.&nbsp; The place The Planet. . 

The contestant felt the excitement rise in her body; a question had been asked that she was positive she knew the answer to. Visions of being elevated to a high position in the Government swam before her eyes. 
Of being given the honour of a head of the community. However why stop here, when with such a easy question she could go for broke. However, indecision showed in her face. 
The shows host, a jolly character, looked at her in sympathy. It a hard choice isn't it. 
However if you answer this one correctly. At the lower end of the risk scale, you stand to gain 15 places in your career. And receive 40,000 credits. 
But your reward if you succeed in the higher bracket are spectacular. You will rise 30 places, and receive not a robot but be able to employ a human as your manservant. And you will easily afford his salary, as you will take home 100,000 credits. But remember the forfeit will be equally spectacularly raised

 The consequences of her failing to answer correctly were left hanging in the air as nobody even wished to consider them, least of all the contestant but it was there. A horrible threat of a forfeit that must be undertaken in full. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
The quiz-master let the tension increase as the contestant agonised. The tension rose to almost an excruciating level as the contestant, braved her all, and said, in a husky voice. I will go for higher risk. 
A concentrated hush of excitement ran round the crowd watching on their video screens, and in the theatre itself, the tension rose dramatically. 
The shows host repeated the question, and said in a theatrical voice.&nbsp; 
Am I correct that you are going for a answer that carries the higher risk? The camera zoomed into the contestant smooth young attractive face while the contestant agonised. 
Remember this is 4th level question and you could be made to pay for quite a unpleasant forfeit if you do not answer correctly. The contestant didn't even blink. She knew the answer and was going for it. 

Excitement showed in her face as she excitedly said, YES! I am. 
The watching hostesses also held their breath. But in this case, they were willing the contestant to fail horribly. If contestant were successful then they would have to go through all the boring stuff of calming and convincing a contestant she was unbeatable again, coaching her through the lower levels.

But if this one failed, then life would get very interesting, for them, and for the contestant but in a more dramatic way.&nbsp; 
They had seen the list of forfeits she would be obligated to undertake and they were very dramatic. Just the thing to spice up one's life for several hours.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
There was no doubt about it, her slim, tight, trim backside was of just the right build to take a good hiding, soft enough to dance in torment. 
 And even if she got through this question, they were sure the next one would defeat her, but she could always retire with quite a good profit.&nbsp; 
No, let the bitch get it wrong, and even at this level the poor cow would suffer quite severe sexual torment, and her backside would be red raw from the caning they would give her.&nbsp; Lets take the &#8220;Bird in Hand&#8221; and have fun with her
However, Delilah had bet her money on her failing at the fifth level when they could completely de-sexed the broad in the name of entertainment. She loved mutilating female flesh in the name of show-business. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 Delilah had been eyeing up her trim frame from the moment she had appeared on stage. At 21 years of age, she was ripe for exploitation.&nbsp; Hopeful, expectant, gorgeous and above all naive.
With a very nice, trim backside, a long lean body ending with a very fuckable cunt sitting on two very glamorous long legs, and such an superior face.
 A clear skinned face that contained a sweet succulent mouth that was definitely intended for sucking and consuming revolting objects.&nbsp; 
It would be so gratifying to force something obscenely vile between those sweet red painted lips right at the start of the forfeit and make her look as if she enjoyed it before forcing her to suck, chew and swallow. 
Then she would wriggle in complete humiliation as her cute round bottom was exposed to the sunlight and carefully presented and prepared to have red angry welts tattooed across it: from the nip of her petite waist, to the soft tender skin of her thighs. 
 At this level, her misery would be enjoyable enough, hopefully though the bitch would get through to the next level then she would really have a worthy forfeit to perform.

Back on stage, the spot lights concentrated on the apprehensive but energized contestants face. Suddenly she summoned up enough courage and in a very firm voice: spoke the answer she was sure was correct. 
The shows host paused gravely, and let the tension build to a crescendo. When he spoke the crowd gasped, as the tension washed over them. &#8220;I am so, so sorry he said in a grave voice. Unfortunately that is it is the wrong answer.&#8221; 

The young lady on stage dressed for the occasion in a very fetching designer suit looked absolutely devastated. It was not until one of the spectacularly costumed hostesses approached her brusquely and without ceremony and no compassion that she realized she had a sacrifice to make
The hostess very efficiently wrenched her hands behind her attractive body and firmly crimped them in a set of handcuffs while the host showed his regrets. Her aggressiveness was made even more by the disappointment of the silly bitch failing now, not at a level where they could really take her apart. The lady had a forfeit to perform and perform it correctly: she would.&nbsp; 


The young lady was now seen in the eyes of the audience as a felon and as such was being treated appropriately. 
The young woman, looked beseechingly at the show's host, who smiled sweetly as one of the other hostess is came up, stood in front of her holding a cane which she bent horribly in front of the contestants eyes. 
 Saying as she did so, in a sweet gloating voice. I really do think the young lady is going to get a smacked bottom.
Delilah standing behind her emphasised the punishment by stroking the young ladies curvaceous bottom where it pouted so divinely and the contestant was horrified to hear her say.&nbsp; 
It&#8217;s got to be 25 very hard strokes at this level; possibly, if the viewer takes a liking to her she&#8217;ll even get a full blooded 50. The contestant screwed her eyes up in shock as the very sexy hostess nodded in agreement and grinned evilly.
The fact that she had failed had still not sunk in and she looked around desperately for escape. 

 However the viewers watched as the failed contestant got a swift boot up her trim curvaceous bottom and she was very brutally dragged to the stage cell where she would be held in full view of the cameras while her forfeit put to the voting public and its severity voted on. 

The contestant, mind was in a whirl as she felt a change in the atmosphere of the theatre. Suddenly it was filled with lust and anticipation but against, not for her and she struggled violently though ineffectually as she was dragged to the cage that was to be her confinement while viewers decided exactly what she should have to do as a recompense for being so impudent. 

The screen on the videos cut to the adverts as the producer of the show went into violent action arranging the viewers poll that would decide how much, and exactly how she would suffer.
The scene opened again, with the contestant weeping miserably with a whipping bench set centre-stage.&nbsp; 
However, the hostesses had been wrong, the contestant was going to be birched not caned as they thought the sentence 40 solid full blooded cuts. However, Delilah had been commissioned to completely desexed the bitch, nipples and clitoris, once she had been gangbanged.
&nbsp; 
The year was 2030
The whole world was now living in peace after the catastrophe of the Hussein II War in which the Western/Christian area of society was violently overrun by the Muslim fundamentalists.&nbsp; The Christian fraction losing mainly due to the Army's insistence of a 40 hour week, six weeks holiday and strict observance of E.U. Health and Safety regulations.

For three long years, they found themselves being arrested, and summary convicted of moral offences. 
The law on this was clear, public humiliation, a bare bottom, and a good hiding was the norm. Many a student and male or female found themselves trembling, as their jeans were lowered, and they were forced over a metal bar to receive a minimum of 15 strokes of the cane, across their decadent backsides as the immoral masses were re-educated.&nbsp; 

Standard courses of punishment were. 
Dressing immodestly&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 15 strokes in a public flogging&nbsp; 
Consuming alcohol&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 40 strokes in a public flogging
Dancing lewdly&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 strokes in a public flogging 
Sex outside of marriage, 120 strokes of the cane for 1st offence, for the 2nd 200 strokes and death
Adultery&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 strokes of the cane and death. Taken in doses of 50 before execution

In the first year alone four million people, in the UK alone were arrested and compelled to bend over in front of a merciless mob, which had come specifically to see the immoral young Westerners get their wicked bottoms soundly whacked.&nbsp; Public opinion changing drastically in the immediate aftermath of the war as billions found religion and Islam

Mass execution of 20 or 30 people at a time, segregated of course by gender was not unusual in many towns and cities across Europe and the U S A.&nbsp; While western fashions and customs&nbsp;&nbsp; were accepted back in time, a female still had only three statuses, Married, Virgin or Circumcised.&nbsp; If there was, any doubt, trial by ordeal was used to determine her status 

 However, as the wealth of the Arabs and society in general increased so eased their rigid perspective.&nbsp; 
 Everybody now had ample leisure time with all production being done by machines.
People didn't even have to request a car to drive them wherever they wanted to go.
Cooked food delivered to their table, a clean house as a right not a privilege.&nbsp; Moreover, travel to holiday destinations was almost an obligation.
Even the sexually unfortunate could easily obtain sexual relief by employing a mechanical head to masturbate them to an organism.
In addition, for people with deviant sexual tastes mechanical androids in discreet brothels were available for anybody who needed that form of mitigation
The result.&nbsp; Total boredom. 

Cathy stood confident and elegantly knowing that she was on a winner.&nbsp; She was a contestant in a TV show known simply as &#8220;The Game Show.
Organised by the Arab collective that had taken over the world to combat the boredom their religious strict work ethic society had produced.&nbsp; They had introduced a Game show rooted in "Who Want to Be a Millionaire "with it pre- known questions and viewer participation. &#8220;Japanese Games Shows" which loved to humiliate the contestant and the "Ancient Roman Games" which were cruel and sexually sadistic in which the crowd had a big say in the end result.&nbsp; 
 
When the Cathy was set the question, she instinctively knew the answer and immediately without hesitation went for the greater prize, choosing "High level Reward and Jeopardy" completely oblivious to the risk part of the game.&nbsp; If she got the question correct, at level 7 the rewards would be tremendous.
 However, if she failed, she was in for severe forfeits and at this level, would most probably involve her demise.
That was without the obliquity sexual humiliation she would sufferer just for specifying high level,&nbsp; 
 
The game show was a complicated but addictive game to watch or play, allowing the contestants to compete with little risk and achieve a high rise in status, money and power. 
Many who took part, receive great reward for their efforts and the crowd love them for it.
However, for the ones who misjudged or were downright reckless, draconian penalties awaited them.&nbsp; 
Up-held by the law of the world ruling body if necessary, the disgraced contestant would be compulsorily made to carry out any commitment they had contracted to complete the forfeit 
This was the great fascination and exhilaration of the game

 No excuse of embarrassment, revulsion or mental or physical discomfort or pain would be accepted. They had made a contract and they would keep it. 
Contestants would be if their forfeit required, humiliatingly stripped, made to position their bodies in the specified fashion, spanked, whacked, beaten, burnt, or scalded, impaled, hung, drowned, gassed, or electrocuted depending on the level and nature of their forfeit.&nbsp; All in the name of entertainment. 

 Bizarre cuisine or other obnoxious substances as specified in the forfeit would be, if necessary by force, put into their mouth or other orifices.&nbsp; Their body parts could be cut, slashed, caressed or fondled.&nbsp; Instrument of embarrassment, pain or torture could be inserted into their body orifices, all while the contestant screamed and the crowd roared

The age limit was strictly controlled and applied fully to both male and female competitors
 Competitors 8 to 12 years old had to have full parental permission and their lifestyle changes if they were successful were limited to changing schools, changing or retribution on teachers, sweets, toys or minor acts of revenge. 
Their forfeit were mainly confined to physical chastisement&nbsp; [limits were placed on the number of times they could be spanked by a person designated by the quizmaster, being five hard slaps for each year of their age].
 Confining for no more than five days in a room or cage or humiliating practical jokes including the painting and decorating of their body parts. But even at that age, bottoms were bared and flesh rigorously smacked.
 
Above 12 years old the contestant was deemed to be capable and knowing their own mind. 
Subsequently this meant that if they failed their questions they would pay dearly for it. 
The rules deliberately stating that after 12 years of age, forfeits containing physical contact must be severe and so prolonged that the contestant showed serious mental distress. 
 Limited sexual abuse also started at this level, only injury to the body parts involved being seriously curtailed. In fact, at this age, a lot of the punishment were sexually based.
 
A young boy contestant would not only find his cock being exposed, fondled and having its forcibly masturbated until he shot cume on to the floor.&nbsp; But this would be done while he was held bent over, trousers around his knees while his young succulent bum-hole was very humiliatingly reamed out by a huge cock before shrieking loudly as their backside were soundly birched

Young ladies who tried and failed would most certainly find their tender young vaginas being put to good use, singularly at low level.&nbsp; For the higher risk, in a multiple gangbang scenario. Young bottoms would be not only smacked and spanked, but traditional school implements, straps, birches and canes soundly applied to the failed competitors backside.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
They would also find their young sensuous mouths tasting and swallowing any detestable fluid or objects that the audience felt they should experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Often adolescents, who wouldn&#8217;t eat their vegetables, chewed and swallowed slugs or kept upped hosts a animal penises with a horrified look on their face. These youngsters were not allow to go above the level five

However to stop unscrupulous parents exploiting their children, parents were still responsible for their children's actions. As they would share in the reward, so if it were found they had exploited them they would share their forfeit. 
While not very often implemented this ruling kept serious abuse at bay. The many a young mother had shrieked, face down over a low bar as her backside received the same treatment as her child before she was spread-eagled and her loins used to educate and utilized, by maybe 12 curious, randy teenagers in a very practical sex education class on stage.&nbsp; 
If it was at a high level, often she would be kept to demonstrate the practical difficulties of childbirth as she gave birth to the subsequent brood

 After 14 years of age, there was no threshold on the unsuccessful competitor including up to and including the removal/ destruction of body parts and the destruction of their bodies in painful executions
A win would be rewarded almost instantaneously, though the contestant would be deliberately made to squirm horribly in anticipation while be quizmaster hung out the tension. 
Paying the forfeits were a little different. 

Once a contestant had failed then the quizmaster while showing deep sympathy and sympathy:&nbsp; at losing all their won prizes, sadistically took his time in explicitly describing approximately what forfeit they would be expected to do.
Making the contestant suffer agonies while he waited for the poll of the audience to know the exact truth of what they&#8217;re forfeit it would be 
Again, in the name of entertainment, he would delay the results of the viewers poll, by making small talk.&nbsp;&nbsp; Deliberately speculating on the result, emphasising how much pain and mortification could, if things went badly, be inflicted
When the contestant had the verdict pronounced, if it was to be a minor task, like being spanked, caned or whipped, made to eat revolting thing like slugs, suck a live animals penises, or submit to indecent assault or fornicate. She was made to endure it there on the stage, the equipment being kept in store for just such a contingency.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

However, if it was more complicated, the contestant would be confined on stage in a exposed metal cage for as long as it took to set up their forfeit.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
This was greatly appreciated by the audience as it meant that they could study in full detail the emotions that the contestant displayed while unable to do anything escapes her fate.&nbsp; 

In fact it was almost a obligatory for the host to torment the unfortunate person, on the position she would be made to take up, explicitly taunting her with just how she would be positioned for her prolonged bonking. What area of her body would experience stimulation, and up to what pain level, and just what she was going to have to suck and swallow or copulate with


If the forfeit were grave or of long duration then the viewing of the particular contestant question and answer session would be delayed for several weeks.&nbsp; 
 She would then be given a small demonstration of its horror in the studio, to wet the viewers appetite then over the coming weeks the cameras would visit her at her place of penance recording her labours on hourly or daily basis.&nbsp; However, executions were usually done live but possibly weeks after the loss of their liberty.
 
The show's was a great success and it was shown on several channels simultaneously, some depicting the show live, others showing excerpts that interested different social levels. 
Several, concentrated on the spectacular winnings of some contestants, others went for the human interest side but many as was human nature concentrated to on the cruel and humiliating failure of the small proportion of contestants who received forfeits
People often followed a handsome or beautiful contestant, some willing them to win, but many watching for a sexually attractive contestant to be soundly humiliated and penalized. 

Sent out from 15 stations on 20 channels, in any 1 hour average, 128 contestants could win or lose most taking their prizes and backing out around level 4. 
80 % of the contestants, pulled out before the final question winning power and prestige. 10 % failed below the critical level five. Those suffering minor various levels of smacked bottoms, unpleasant tasks or substances to take into their bodies or suffered extreme anxiety being made to do dangerous sport's. It was fun to throw a contestant off the roof of a building even if they did have a bungee cord.
However, that left 10 per cent who suffered exquisite torture, before being executed publicly and humiliatingly. 
In the course of the day, a dedicated viewer could watch 12 a day being painfully executed on screen providing great entertainment
 
 Level 1 was a simple question with the forfeits being more humiliating than unpleasant.&nbsp; The higher and lower levels defining the rigorousness of the forfeit.&nbsp; 
 Contestants failing at this level could be expected simply to being sprayed with bad smelling liquid and made to make their way home via public transport. Contestants could be in spanked on stage over the hostesses knee, or garments remove and body parts painted.&nbsp; All wholesome stuff
 
At level 2 things got, more interesting, as sexual stimulation was allowed to be incorporated in the forfeit.&nbsp; 
A contestant as well as having her bared backside well tanned with a instruments could be made to determine exactly how much punishment her bottom got, by, before hand, being made to give head to a male. The severity of the punishment increasing the longer she took and also at this level viewer participation started. They had the choice of instruments to be used on backside, the choice being made simply by their impression of the contestant

 At levels three, four and five things got tougher and more perverted. Forfeits would always have to be finally arranged, and this would mean a contestant would be held usually naked on stage while the forfeit was set up and at this level there were several options for the forfeits, viewers would be invited to an vote on which they thought was the most appropriate. 

At the lower level, this would usually incorporate full sexual intercourse, buggery, giving head to several chosen male or females. The inserting of torture instruments into their sexual orifices causing damage, and of course, full scale whippings on any part of the body. 
At the higher level, all these would be allowed, but the introduction of animals for sexual activities was often the norm. And mutilation and removal of body parts was allowed and usually undertaken

 At Stage 6 things got particularly tense when the rewards for answering the question correctly increased dramatically.&nbsp; Conversely, the penalty the contestant would have to pay if they failed the question included their possible putting to death. 
This appealed to the cruel Arab mentality and added to the viewer's fulfilment. 
If a contestant failed a stage 6 or higher, the list of forfeits to be voted on was displayed.&nbsp; The viewing public could also decide whether the penalty should include death or just a life punishment of utter degradation and total humiliation.&nbsp; Often a particularly good looking female contestant would charm the audience while winning then find that she was being condemned to a life of misery and perversion out of spitefulness
 
 
This was helped by a secret undisclosed device developed from touch screen computers of the 1980. 
The instant a competitor failed her question; a computer-controlled force field would sneakily be switched on.&nbsp; Such was the sophistication, it could control it if necessary every individual muscle and nerve leading to some very interesting scenarios.&nbsp; 
 If the contestant submitted then so much the better, however any contestant who felt they shouldn't comply, would find their limbs, and sensations being controlled for them.&nbsp; 
So accurately could the field be controlled that even the muscles of the vaginas could be made to twitch and experience overwhelming sensations.&nbsp; The hardening of a penis or stimulating a vagina was child&#8217;s play

The computer would allow those movements that were television drama friendly but freeze any that would detract from the viewer's enjoyment of the contestants misery. 
Thus, a disgraced contestant could be instructed first then to stand up right, open legs, bend over etc., if they didn&#8217;t however reluctantly, then they were compelled and then locked in that position. 
After that, any wiggling, squirming, screaming and repositioning would only be allowed providing it did not detract from the spirit and completion of the forfeit. 
&nbsp; 
Thus a competitor due to receive 25 strokes of the cane could be made to stand motionless while the level of flexibility in the instrument to be used on her, was discussed and the effect of each type demonstrated on a dummy before suddenly finding her torso was taking up the traditional position for getting a smacked bottom. 
 Then depending, how much sexual abuse she would have to take, feeling her legs being opened invisibly, her vagina stimulated so she orgasm before, or after her thrashing and her and mouth and throat, being stimulated to produce saliva ready for giving head.&nbsp; 
However her body would be allowed to show the tremors of fear, she would be allowed to screech, scream and protests, and if necessary her body would allowed to rock in artificially motivated passion as her tormentor finished off with a sex session up her anus.

 The expression and dread portrayed on a young 14 year old girls face as she found herself staring at the floor and her legs spreading slowly apart themselves was itself entertainment. The horrified look on her face as she found her legs and waist taking up the standard position for getting her bottom paddled as in American schools was what people tuned in to Channel 16 to see. 
&nbsp; She would be unable to move much to change position even if she felt frightened and scared by the way her aggressor, deliberately undid her belt and slithered her trousers down her legs, or stroked and caressed her legs as he raised her dress and tucked it into the waistband. Her trembling, shock, pain and intense discomfort would be shown in great detail&nbsp;&nbsp; 
However, the viewer had deliberately tuned in to see a contestant fulfil her forfeit, and was going to make damn sure she did exactly as she was told, got exactly what she deserved and watch it suffer. She was going to suffer a spanked bottom no matter what. 
If she tried to alleviate any of the suffering they had tuned in to see her undergo then they would simply vote that she did it all again. 

Found themselves having to voluntary remove their clothes so that their rape would be more passionate and humiliating, or find that the machine did it for them, 
 Usually making them perform obscene and explicitly lewd acts and take up particularly humiliating positions. 
A girl who refused to open her legs, might find that she was forced to do a handstand with her legs wide apart, while her rapist, held her thighs and not only inspecting her orifice in great detail, but kissing and dribbling saliva into it 
Or forced to by the computer to do the splits while has rapist lay on the floor waiting patiently for her to get low enough to impale herself on his penis
 No matter what was forced on her at the beginning, all contestants were then held in a position that allowed the camera to capture every detail of their ordeal, no matter how undignified or traumatic
However such was the control, that any emotions, involuntary movement, facial expression of disgust loathing or pain would be allowed and if necessary amplified.&nbsp; 

Thus, a woman could be made to kneel, suck and swallow what ever was put in her mouth. Copulate with what ever was in her vagina or anus, and the humiliation, disgust and despair would show clearly on her face and body language.&nbsp; 
 Subsequently the female, now with belly and thighs exposed and trembling in fright and horror, could now be approached, and thrown into dramatic hysteria by the sight of a nicely erect, randy penis. 
 But discovered to her dismay she would be unable to flee, fight off, or any way try to protect the intended target, her trembling sickened mouth, luscious genitals or now, very apprehensive back passage If her hands reached forward, she could touch her rapist prick but not fend it off.

A youth would allow a rampant homosexual to caress', touch and torture his genitals while the pain of a outsize dildos being forced up his anus or a birch being applied to his naked bottom would show clearly on his tormented face.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;.
 
To keep the entertainment value to the maximum, most behaviour would be allowed to be portrayed unless it endangered the realisation of their public humiliation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then it was decently muted so to keep it compelling

One control the audience love to exhibit was the power of passion. 
There were many ways to do a forfeit, but only one in a spirit of the game. 
A girl could successfully complete her 10 blow-job, with hardly any oral contact with her abuser. To combat this, all forfeits had a fervour indicator, and this was set by the viewer. 
If it was obvious that the young teenager when told she had failed, was looking to reduce the level of her liability in a forfeit, the rating would reach its highest. 

 This would mean that the girl would not only had to lick, taste and consume the penis but do it in a way that was enthusiastic. Her mouth would be made not only to stimulate the organ but to swallow it whole no matter how much she choked, and her throat would work with a mad yearning.&nbsp; 

 Her hands would not hold the organ, but wander, caressing all over the testicles, anus thighs and legs and she would be made to savour and taste the outcome of her exertions for several seconds before swallowing and the moving on to devour the offerings of the next waiting penis. 
 They may feel she was a cold fish, and make her make mad passionate love to her rapist.&nbsp; Being made to respond in artificial ecstasy if, kissed, cuddled or leeringly fondled.&nbsp; Enjoying and feeding on her loathing

Or maybe they wanted to see her real emotions as she was ravished deliberately make her respond lovingly and passionately to her ravishing but allowing the despair, pain and humiliation of being fucked in the public to clearly show.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Both ways the entertainment value was maximized and the misery of the woman increased accordingly&nbsp; 
She would still be able to entertainingly struggle squirm, squeal, and plead as the rapist penis was thrust firmly into her genitals or up her arse. But would have no option but to endure it

The same fate waited a young woman sentence to Corporal Punishment. The girl had one option, do as she had contracted to do and bend over or be manipulated by computer control.&nbsp; 
Watching a horrified teenager feeling her legs, of their own accord, positioning her bottom for the vicious stroke of a cane was one of the hilarious aspects that people tuned in for
Once properly positioned voluntarily or not, she would be skilfully controlled, her muscles not responding unless the action was allowed. 
 So, when she felt the unbelievable pain erupt in the flesh of her bottom as she was beaten mercilessly with a disciplining implement, the computer would not permit her to make any shielding movement.
However, she could buck, squirm, twist and plead and her hand could reach back but her body and bottom would stay satisfactorily in position, waiting and trembling for the next stroke.

 
Chapter one
Cathy had been launched on stage and introduced to the three stunning hostesses who would help her achieve the calm and concentration to achieve her goal.
The observant viewer also noticed that they also showed covert but strong attentiveness in her trim body, shrewdly calculating that if she failed, she would be theirs to torment and torment. Their interest markedly increased when Cathy announced resolutely that she had every intention of going all the way on the top. 

Their eyes taking in her well-built tits, and the slight depressed indentation in the tight material covering her derriere.&nbsp; Cathy would make brilliant meat to torment. 
 Clandestinely speculating what the viewers would let them do to her if, she was past level six when she suffer defeat.&nbsp; Privately amongst themselves, they conspired to make things as easy for her as the game would allow up to level 4 and then increasing the risk as her confidence increased. 
 Already thinking how forlorn she would look in the cage was she waited for her forfeit to be setup.&nbsp; 
So confident were they that if things went well they could engineer her demise that they were already deciding among themselves who would have the pleasure of positioning her globular titbits which sat so well on her slim body, and who would have the pleasure ramming in the heavy duty meat hook impaling it. Ready had to hang her up by her tits. 
 Seeing that she was top heavy, they had already agreed that she would need a 3rd up her tight little anus if her very exploitable cunt was to be positioned so the viewer could watch it being shagged

She had dressed that day hoping to impress the fickle viewer by being calm, swarve and sophisticated rather than sexy, flirty and clever as viewer impression were crucial if she failed, as their vote would finally decide her fate.&nbsp; And now had reached the critical level six 

Even at the lower level, the forfeit she had to pay would be painful, humiliating, and most likely fatal once she had got to level six.&nbsp; By going for the higher level, she had increased her potential prize tenfold but get the question wrong and you were agreeing to sexual cruelty in front of 20 million leering viewers and a spiteful death 
 
She gave her reply and waited in dread while the Quizmaster played for maximum drama.&nbsp; The lights dimmed, a back spotlight silhouetting her tall, slim, highly attractive figure with its lovely young baby face and blond hair.&nbsp; In the spotlight, her full pert breasts and curved backside glistened in the reflected light.&nbsp; Still the questionnaire waited to give her the verdict, Accolade or Penalty? 
Repeating the question slowly to her, he pauses dramatically and repeated the question.&nbsp; Saying and your answer was. 
20 million viewers held their breath.&nbsp; Was this young lady going to get riches and power beyond belief, or was she about to be subjected to a horrific, humiliating sexually oriented, but very entertaining, demise. 

The cameras panned in to the uncertainty and tensioned distressed on the young girls face. 
Suddenly the Quizmaster spoke and acted at the same time.&nbsp; Crack!&nbsp; A strap he kept handy for the likes of Cathy descended viciously across her gorgeous slim bottom.&nbsp; Hitting the curved contour of her shapely buttocks nicely on the exciting centre part.

The astonishment and the sting made her buck forward as if receiving an electric shock.&nbsp; She had in her ears the ring of "Unfortunately your answer was wrong". Said it in a completely unsympathetic manner. The disbelief had left her face white and she felt her stomach lurch as shell-shock took over.
 The crowd loved this compare, he always did the unexpected to overconfident young ladies. Combining the shock of having to accepts the impossible forfeit and loss of all she had won with intense physical discomfort. The combination was deadly destructive to a contestant
&nbsp; Sometimes he would train a laser beam on their assets and physically burn painfully burn their skin.&nbsp; Sometimes he would have a bucket of cold water emptied over their heads.&nbsp; Whatever it was it would be a hilarious shock, bringing them back to the reality of their failure with a bump

Letting the now shocked and disgraced contestant recover a little, sympathising earnestly, he made her walk so she was more centre stage.&nbsp; While he walked slowly around her smirking and admiring her assets, followed by the spotlight and then pausing, leaned forward and leered in her face, gloating.&nbsp; 
 Cathy felt and a terrible fear in her body
 Nice pair of Titty's you have young lady, and her backside jerked painfully again as it received a second resounding slap as his eyes travelled down her very desirable body to the area he personally liked to abuse, the female rump. 
This time she just rocked on her legs as the computer had subtly taken control of her muscles.&nbsp; However, it did allow her to jerk violently forward and to clutch, but not rub her bottom. 

Fancy a invigorating bunk-up do you, you little prick teaser.&nbsp; Don't worry once the viewers get to vote on the forfeit you will be undertaking, I expect the little hot area between your legs will be getting plenty of stimulation.&nbsp; To emphasize this, the compare very slowly but with deliberate intent reached out and caressed the hollow of her dress between her legs.&nbsp; Knowing that no matter how much she objected the computer would force her to it consent to it.&nbsp; 

Cathy went red with embarrassment as she realised that all the cameras were now zooming in on and flaunting in all its luscious detail her tight crotch and 20 million viewers were lusting after it.&nbsp; All lusting to see it exposed, shaved and shown in close-up in all its naked beauty, and savour her distress knowing for certain that she would be unquestionably made to fornicate publicly and that would be just the undemanding part of a highly perverted forfeit she would pay
 
Cathy was devastated not only for failing the question but by the whole change of mood. She suddenly found she were being treated as a non-entity, she was sure she had the right answer, but she had been distracted by whisperings from the hostesses. She looked around wildly for some way of escape knowing that she wasn't going to like one a bit what they were going to force her to do. 
 She was bitterly regretting her foolishness, it had seen so easy a way to get instant fame and fortune and she was suddenly aware she was going to get a notoriety and an really humiliating forfeit to undertake she was scared witless

 However, she still would have to wait the exact result of a poll of viewers to see exactly how she was to pay that forfeit. The slap across her backside had been extremely humiliating and sudden, God it had hurt!
 But now having to stand and let him stroke her between the legs while her bottom still stung badly, as if he owned her, was absolutely devastating. She could not understand why it was so difficult not to slap him around the face, or at least shriek and move away. God this was awful! 

The compare had absolutely no sympathy for Kathy, she had come on the show determined to show them how it was done now the smug bitch was going to stand and let him have a little fun all he had to put up with from her. 
 He had thoroughly enjoyed whacking her prim arse with the strap; the 2nd one had been even better because he was able to use full force.&nbsp; 
I bet her arse was sore now and still have stinging and enjoyed himself stimulating her between the legs knowing the whole of her lower body that she was so proud of was being highly over enthused. His main concern was now was to have her positioned so he could personally benefit from her misfortune.&nbsp; There was no doubt about it, at the level she had failed this sexy little twat that he was now massaging was going to suffer all sorts of horrible indignities and hopefully she would be revolted by every single one.

 Once her forfeit had been decided, he would lose the initiative. Mainly he wanted to send her on her way with a backside that was not only a little sore from a couple of hard whacks but that one that was throbbing intensely in agony. 
He enjoyed giving arrogant young lady a damn good hiding and he wasn't going to miss the opportunity of making Kathy incapable of sitting down ever again 
 She knew exactly what she was doing when she had gone for the higher level of risk, no doubt greedily imagining all sorts of glory.
 Every contestant had a very explicit consultation before they agreed to the show and had watched several videos explaining, not only the high rewards she could get but the humiliating forfeit as well as a very graphic illustration of the risk of going for high-level risk
 
In it, two contestants young teenagers had answered a level 2 questions incorrectly. 
In the first example, it showed a lower-level response.&nbsp; The Quizmaster in this case, a women, had a routine of not telling the contestant if they had they had got the answer right, but showing them an object with double meaning to keep up tension.&nbsp; 
A Golden Key, meaning a prize of a nice shiny car or a forfeit with handcuffs. 
A Golden Horseshoe meaning either an animal as a pet prize or that she was to be mounted and ridden like one, 
This time it was a golden hairbrush, meaning either she had won an expensive beauty makeover or she was going to undergo it spanking her bottom.
With an elated shout she announced, she had just won for herself. '(Pause for Tension) to highly amused laughter 'A Smacked Bottom&#8217;.

The teenager in question was placed, petrified, kneeling on a table in full view and her cute young bottom received, a sound spanking with the implement.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Which while done in a comical manner and for amusement, was definitely designed to produce unbearable and intense stinging into her very attractive tight Denim skirt covered bottom.&nbsp; 

To add to the clowning effect the golden hairbrush had a small pouch containing powder and other chemicals which were slowly released on to the girls skirt clad seat. 
So when being beaten, dust farcically rose from the young lady's bottom and suddenly her panties emitted chemical steam as she was released, causing her to hilariously run around clutching a hot botty. 
While looking extremely funny, the girl in question had to be treated for minor burn blisters afterward.&nbsp; All part of the forfeit and done unsympathetically and ruthlessly for its entertainment value.&nbsp; The hostesses giggling knowing that not only had the chemical raised blisters on the girls arse, but it would have chemically scorched her fanny as well
 
The number of times she was spanked was determined by the compassion of the viewer using the red coloured voting buttons, and did they enjoyed making her squirm by callously specifying 50 good hard spanks be applied to the girls deserving rear.&nbsp; They got huge entertainment from her wriggling, yowling and pleading
 
In the second example a higher level penalty was shown on a comparable young lass but was conducted in a much more solemn way.&nbsp; This time the compare used derogatory language, shocking her into realising she had failed. 
 She knew only when she was instantly frozen, panic stricken, immobile and made to wait intolerably long for an old-fashioned school desk was brought on set. 
As once the desk was centre stage, the two hostesses walked over to where she was frozen immobile and totally ignoring her as a person, preceded to roughly lower her jeans, and remove her underwear and sent her over to the desk with her shirt tails barely covering a ivory coloured arse. 
They drove her with a several sound smacks across the pale soft round cheeks of her cute young impudent arse.&nbsp; Even before she had got to the desk, she had yelped and bucked several times. 
 From the loud crack that came each time a hostesses hand landed across her bum cheeks, they had landed very soundly. 
 
With her sexy young legs exposed to the leering gaze of the viewer, the girl was curtly told to bend over the desk face down and stay still. 
Fear took over her movements and she had to submit to the added indignity and awfulness of feeling her muscles involuntary do as commanded.&nbsp; But even more sexual humiliation was need to fit the criteria of a higher-level forfeit

Once she was correctly positioned and the desk, one of the leering hostesses took her time in exposing her trembling bottom by carefully and neatly folding back her shirt tails and pinning them up around her waist. As she did so her hand gently fondled the bottom that was going to be beaten, and gave it a couple more sharp slaps just to remind the girl why she was there.&nbsp; 
Each time the girl's head jerked Preparing for its sadistic beating as a smirking Quizmaster stood at her lowered head, his penis exposed and ready. 
The viewer had no problem working out the young lady's next task.&nbsp; But first, the Quizmaster had extra treat for her.&nbsp; The Quizmaster sadistically took his time peeing hit in a container in front of her horror struck eyes then leeringly broadly, revoltingly dribble it onto his Dick, rubbing it well into the foreskin, to give it a little zest, and Tang. 

 The computer slowly raising the appalled teenager head, so she could stare at mesmerised the soaking wet penis and then opening her mouth for her, manipulated so it involuntary and hideously closed around the offered member. 

The video camera recording in slow motion every sick making moment and the viewer watching avidly as the youngster retched even before she tasted it.&nbsp; The thought of it in her mouth enough to nauseate her.&nbsp; 
The quizmaster patiently waited until the girl had taken in his urine covered cock, finally pushing her head hard down so that&#8217;s she started to splutter as it went down her throat. This was quickly controlled by the computer as not being in the spirit of the forfeit 
The friction being provided by the Quizmaster thrusting his thighs back and forth in her computer controlled mouth.

To provide even more distress her tits had been flipped from her top and the Quizmaster firmly grasped and pulled on her dangling young breasts.&nbsp; Milking her as she horribly milked him.

While this was happening, a hostess was carefully bringing scarlet colour to her bottom by spanking it with a dainty, but very effective hand, preparing it for it&#8217;s thrashing
They watched even more avidly as the computer, by manipulating her throat muscles, made her unwillingly suck the slimy body fluids from his fat hairy testicles.
 
Her distress plainly showing on her wretched young fresh face, as first her throat contracted involuntary, and the computer oblige her to suck so hard and franticly the viewer could see her eyes bulge with the physical exertion.
Then as she gagged and the Quizmaster jerked, it slowly opened her mouth so they could watch in close up, the organ jerk and spurt, filling her mouth with fresh cum, then with the fat cock pushing it to the back of her throat, distressingly made her gulp down the nauseating mess. 
&nbsp; 
The viewers input this time, was by voting on what implement was used on her bottom.&nbsp; Each pressing a button on their controller specifying their preference.&nbsp; A good hard slapping with a hand, a rubber paddle, a leather strap, a birch or a cane.
They magnanimously chose a hard strong trouser belt, to whip her adolescent bottom with, specifically stating that it should be first folded over double 

They specified no particular number, stating that the times her bottom should be whipped should equate to the number of seconds x 15 she took to bring the quizmaster to orgasm. . They may have been lenient about using the cane, but the quizmaster knowing the longer he took the more she would be beaten stretched out the pleasure for as long as he could. 
That time translated into slashes of the hard flexible leather belt across her now trembling pantie covered buttocks.&nbsp; One slash across her tight, trim teenage bum for every 15 seconds she took in accomplishing cum into her mouth. 
 Being a very desirable sexy bit of cunt, she was very lucky not to have had her bottom caned.
Only her charming delightful smile influencing many of the voters.&nbsp; A charming smile that the Quizmaster had deliberately taken the trouble to reward with a rampant cock that spat cum in her mouth and had the revoltingly tang of piss. 
Then it was time for the Minx to buck and scream. 
They specified no particular number, stating that the Times her bottom should be whipped she should equate to the number of seconds she took to bring the quizmaster to orgasm. . They may have been lenient about using the cane, but the quizmaster knowing the longer he took the more she would be beaten stretched out the pleasure for as long as he could.

One of the hostesses, the tall dark one with long flowing hair and wearing a nice cut purple jumpsuit decorated with sequins stood behind the soon to be screaming victim and at a nod from the quizmaster who was standing with his erect cock still twitching simply raised the strap and preceded to larrup the girl's naked backside. 
She may have been a female, but she knew just where she wanted to inflict as much agony as possible and it soon became obvious how much of a risk going for high level was. 
The girl in the 1st video had been humiliated and spanked, the girl in the 2nd video had been subjected to a humiliating face rape and was now getting a flogging not a spanking. Both for getting the same question wrong. 

The strap raised heavy welts across the girl's tender white backside, and if the computer had not muted some of her screaming it would have been quite upsetting for some the audience 
Once the whipping was over the girl was made to walk by the computer as if she had been able to handle it all along, slightly reducing any possibly sympathetic feelings the audience might have had. But the sadists had been wanking themselves silly
 
 Cathy had found this very harrowing when she watched it as she applied for her place in the show. Though she had often watched the show, it was only now obvious that that if high level was specified, serious sexual abuse was par for the course, even at level 2 and she was aiming to go to the last stage, level 8.
However, as she ruefully admitted to herself that if she had a voting button and been a viewer, the young bitch would have had her bottom very soundly flogged with a cane. As it was blatantly obvious she was a flighty bit of stuff and had played on her charm in the hope of receiving a milder sentence if she failed. 

She would have preferred to see how the horny bitch liked the experience of a stick whipping across her arse, leather straps were so tame 
If she had really been honest with herself, she would have had the girl not only give head. But would have had her naughty little cunt reamed and filled with spunk halfway through her thrashing. 
 And at the end would have made her take it up the arse while doing a second blow-job, thus insuring her that her digestive tract was full at both ends. The main reason she watched the shows was to get her kicks by watching the various expressions on the faces and horrified body language of young ladies who were being raped 
 
Chapter 2

 Cathy trembled as her time came to pay the Forfeit.&nbsp; She felt sick to her stomach as she stared round the bars as the show progressed without her
She already had to watch while waiting for her viewers to vote, the next contestant Sadie downgraded in status by a level 5 question to a common prostitute 
This service was usually now provided by the state by Androids.&nbsp; However some people preferred human contact as a form of sexual pleasure as a change from the mechanical enjoyment provided by the, while perfect androids, they lacked that warmer human contact.&nbsp; A job that was allowed only for humans as long as the person was circumcised, which Sadie had not realised and now was going to have to be, hideously and painfully and in public.
 
Normally she would settled back to watch enthralled, ecstatic and getting wet between the legs as the young lady was forced to amuse her with her antic of wretchedness.&nbsp; She loved to see naughty, badly behaved tarts being made to take it distressingly between their legs.&nbsp; Getting her kicks from envisaging how horrible and distressing it must be for them 
 And when a really depraved female got the snip between her legs, feeling righteous and sanctimonious, however this time her own forfeit made it to close and too to real

 One of the reasons she was addicted to the show was because she could feel righteous and sanctimonious.&nbsp; She often tuned in specifically to watch unsuccessful young lady contestants have their clitoris painfully removed.&nbsp; What a ghastly extra legal penalty for girls who usually were being condemned to a long forfeit obliging them to shag many guys. 
&nbsp; The multiple screwing would eventually finish but never again would she experience a orgasm.&nbsp; But if the girl was obviously flirtatious, so much more appropriate 

 Sadie had been confident she was going to be a real power in the world and feeling cheated was sure the Game Show would change all that.&nbsp; She arrived dressed ready to join the world of the power people.
She was greeted as if royalty by the show host chatted and made her feel like an important person, which she was. Without people like her, greedy with ambition, they had no employment. 
 
If she was willing to chance all to go for a better life, it was no part of their job spec to warn her of the small risk of terrible embarrassment and humiliation, she would be subjected to if she gave a wrong answer.&nbsp; That had all been legally signed and sealed when she had applied
 Talking to her, he could not but note she was very seductive and felt that one way or the other she would have the viewers watching avidly, whether she won spectacular rewards or was punished hideously for her conceits.

However, the Quizmaster did think momentarily that if that small possibility came about, she would make great entertainment. .
And slyly giving her figure the once over, the thought of her squirming as a cane tickled her bottom, made him hard between the legs.&nbsp; 
Then being made to open her legs so someone could explore and excite her clitoris before running a blade around it and removing it for ever would be a suitable reward for the young ladies obvious sexual allure.
 And for that to happen all he had to do was get her to fail at a level four question

Studying the woman's proportioned body, he secretly hoped that if she was going to fail it would be after at least after the second level.&nbsp; It would be interesting to see her having her bottom tightened, exposed and smacked which was obligatory at that level. 
 A secret vice that he had and he couldn't help accidentally rubbing his hand around her posteriors.&nbsp; This got an angry look from the contestant.&nbsp; Just from that reaction, he decided a dam good smacking was what she needed and even though the rules were strict he knew that sometimes just the way a question was framed would lead to a wrong answer
 
Thing went well for the young lady and she appeared gorgeous having changed into a velvet evening dress that clung to her body and she was doing well with a huge audience urging her on their own hopes and fears with her to great things until she let them down. 
Suddenly she was just object of fun and hilarity when at level five she failed a simple question 
The Quizmaster suddenly after receiving her answer after a long pregnant pause unexpectedly asked her ". Nice arse, looked great, ever had it smacked"?&nbsp; The crowd groaned, Sadie coloured up, her belly suddenly feeling hollow.&nbsp; She had it wrong.
&nbsp; No, she falteringly replied.&nbsp; Why? 

 This exchange was purely to allow the message to flash a on viewers&#8217; screens saying she had failed and would they consequently vote on her forfeit. The compare deliberately chose a specifically derogatory statement just for the kick of it, knowing at this level it wouldn&#8217;t be long before those magnificent firm bottom would be bathed in daylight along with the rest of that attractive body. She was in for a serious forfeit

&nbsp; The Quizmaster knew roughly, what fate the viewer wanted for her now, viewed through prejudiced eyes as a jumped-up floozy, to take as a forfeit and it was not pleasant.&nbsp; However, he liked it: so subtle and so very suitable.&nbsp; The results still kept secrete so as to build up the tension and entrainment value in her downfall.&nbsp; .
 
Well young lady you have just given me the wrong answer.&nbsp; He said in a mock apologetic voice.
Which means at this level, unfortunately part of your forfeit means you are going to have to allow someone to upend you and smack it for sometime to come.
Sadie face took on a revolted haunted look. She had firm neat backside and was horrified at the suggestion that anybody would be allowed to spank it&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 However, that was not all as the Quizmaster went on in a low gloating voice.&nbsp; The question now is what the audience feels you should do to atone for your sins.
Regrettably, you have reached quite a serious level to fail at, which not an only means that we see you having to endure the pain of a soundly smacked bottom, but we'll all get to see it parted and screwed in various acts of sodomy
Sadie was shocked, stunned by the announcement, she just had not contemplated failing, the compere smiled, some contestant never did

The viewer has decided your fate.&nbsp; Taking in your general work shy and casual attitude, the high level and its associated rewards if you had achieved your goal.&nbsp; And here the quiz-master paused sadistically to enjoy the look of despair and dread that had appeared on the young woman's face then in a delighted voice informed her of her forfeit

They have decided that five years rigorous labour working, as a Prostitute/Hooker/Whore would be a admirable character building forfeit for you to have to undertake.&nbsp; As this task will be totally unpaid, it is hoped in undertaking this forfeit you will realise the magnitude of your gamble.&nbsp; 

 As from this minute young lady, those admirable assets of yours are available for anybody with a sexual need and for the next five years, we will follow your progress as you rut and fornicate in squalor.&nbsp; You will rate a Christmas special all of your own.

 He had chosen the words &#8220;Working as a Prostitute/Hooker/Whore&#8221; carefully and watched as Sadie's face opened in horrible disbelief as the full horror of what she had to do struck home 
The TV staff and the audience had giggling fits as they enjoyed the irony of the forfeit and her fall from grace.
Seeing this elegant sophisticated young lady standing on the stage once so and arrogant and now she had been condemned to rut and whore her proud, superb body for undesirables and lowlife who would copulate with her like a dog. 
A terrific piece of human interests entertainment. 

"What do you mean she stuttered?&nbsp; I don't understand&#8221; 
Her mind refusing the fact she had suffered defeat.&nbsp; The mirth increased at her naivety.&nbsp; Therefore, the Quizmaster deliberately put it in plain word meaning deliberately to shock and mortify her.&nbsp; You have been reclassified as a voluntary worker in a Brothel.&nbsp; That means you are going to allow your body to be used by any punter who fancies you, in any sexual manner, for "Free bunk- ups", for the next 5 years. 
The laughter got even worse as he, added sarcastically. 
 You could say you have fucked up badly in your quest for advancement couldn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; You're not even going to be paid for being enthusiastically and constantly shagged 
 
What happens now she said faulting?&nbsp; Nearly in tears as shock took over 
 Delighted in the fact, that this Broad seemed so dense that the fact she had been sentenced to being used as a shag bag for the next five years still had to be explained to her. 
 
Well first lady, you're going to stand in the spotlight and the viewer and myself are going to enjoy watching you getting a good hiding once we have your clothes off so we can admire your whoring bits, then we will have you touching your toes
 We shall enjoy seeing you blubbering and squirming as that adorable bottom of yours is to be bared and soundly smacked in public. 
Then so the public can see you fulfilling at least the start of your forfeit, we have arranged for you to start work immediately, now on stage servicing your first four punters. Before you leave here, we will have seen you make love to four of your punters on the floor here. He said pointing down
The camera crew tittered at her horrible shocked expression.&nbsp; 

Then we have a special room set up where you can fornicate with the others fourteen.&nbsp; Today Sadie you start your &#8220; rigorous bout of labour&#8221; with the viewers watching you turn 18 tricks one after the other.
Then tomorrow we will follow you to start work in a brothel, where I expect you will have plenty to keep you busy with 20 million viewers knowing you are accessible. 

Suddenly Sadie felt her limbs go tight as she felt the terrifying feel of a force field holding her firm.&nbsp; She panic, and tried to fighting it, experiencing total horror at her inability to do so.
Feeling her limbs take on a life of their own she had to stand appalled and unmoving while the Quizmaster had brought on stage a vicious looking wooden paddle.
Turning her so, she stumbled around, allowing the studio audience to see the target, he let fly a meaty whack just where her elegant dress velvet evening dress nicely curved around her curved sexy arse. 

Enjoy it, he laughed as the computer let her squeal, buck but not reach back to hold her bottom.&nbsp; I've six guys waiting in the wings, who not only want to smack that rear end of yours.&nbsp; Once you're nicely installed in the whorehouse, they're going to come and spread those arse cheeks of yours and give you a good hard ramming up your arse, every day, for five long years.&nbsp; 

He then continued to eye up Sadie's soft bottom and hit her again solidly across her rump, Crack! 
Again, the unfortunate Sadie yelped, bucked her hips and felt a searing pain in her buttocks.&nbsp; He then stood, back, and grinned as he watched her desperately but unsuccessfully coping with the pain.
 
He leered at the unfortunate woman, while he patiently waited for the pain to subside a little; he slowly reached out and caressed her flat stomach. 
His hand creeping slowly down her belly until with the evening dress dimpling between her legs he enjoyed himself fingering her pussy. 
Satisfied he had outraged her, hand still between her legs, he leant back, raised the paddle and again smacked the woman's backside enthusiastically. As she bucked from the waist; his hands gripped her crutch and squeezed it sensually. 
Sliding his hand up the now shocked and distressed woman's tummy he took his time in undoing the top button and popping both splendid tits on to the front of her dress, the nipples nice and firm.&nbsp; 
 The woman's body was trembling as she fought the computer control that was forcing her to accept this abuse.&nbsp; Deliberately saying, Time to let a little sunlight caress your body, along with others more revolting things
&nbsp; 
Leaning forward, he gently kissed the ladies breasts fully on the nipples and then his hand reached out and powerfully squeezed and palpated the flesh as if milking a prize cow so the Nipples bulged and pouted.&nbsp; 
Sadie's facial expression was a picture of horror, shock and anger as her mammy's were palpated with in such a casual fashion
Then squeezing and simulating lactation with one hand, the other gripping the paddle smacked her backside as hard as he could.&nbsp; This was what he liked to do humiliate and demean a young female and whack her bottom at the same time. 
Then it was time for her to be stripped and caned. She was led away sobbing and appeared three minutes later completely naked, looking miserable wretched and terribly afraid.&nbsp; And made to stand in the middle of the stage, the spotlight full on her flawless skin with her long legs parted, and the light reflecting from her blonde pubic hair. 
The compere walked around behind her and after her caressing her backside made her thrust out her pussy by sticking his finger up her firm arse.&nbsp; 
Well gentlemen and possibly ladies, as from 9 o&#8217;clock tomorrow morning this whore will be available for you to stick your cock between her legs, up her arse and down her gullet, I do hope though you will take the time to give this dirty little slut a soundly smacked bottom before and after you use her carcass.&nbsp; 
To whet your appetite I&#8217;m now going to give the young lady 25 cut across her smooth posterior which should give her a uncomfortable night. 
With that, he barked. Bend!
 A thoroughly subdued Sadie sobbed and did as she was told. 

Ceremoniously selecting a cane the compare bent down and stroked the woman's bottom, the camera catching it as Sadie flinched and wept.
 Then tapping the young lady lightly on the bottom raise the cane and hit her as hard as he could. The cane whistled in and sunk into the flesh of the woman being flogged. Instantly a red wheal appeared first white against the skin, then quickly darkening. 
Sadie eyes flew open along with her mouth, though she managed to suppress the scream. Very quickly, the next one tormented her arse.
The compere was going to give her six of the best very fast and very hard, knowing she would break roundabout the third or forth
As the fifth slammed into her bottom, Sadie her lost it, she screamed a unearthly scream, her body shook and her tits flapped. Her face was twisted in agony, but the computer made her stand absolutely immobile as her bottom was flogged. 
At the rear, the compere relaxed a little while he decided where to give they young woman her next bout of pain, he mustn't take too long she had a good long day ahead, of having her arse and sexual organs thoroughly reamed out so he settled down to the official rate of one every 15 seconds. 
Pausing enough for the pain to settle in, but enough to keep it as a crescendo. By now, Sadie was demented. As the compere caned her bottom, the camera zoomed in on her snatch that was opening and closing like a fish out of water. That will get plenty of customers for her, commented one of the producers. Make sure she's ready to start screwing the instant he is finished giving her larruping. 



Outside camera range, the producer was lining up the 18 guys who were going to Gang-bang her for starters. 
While he was tenderising her bottom, he was telling her that the viewers had kindly voted for her to be placed in a mechanical Brothel side by side with the mechanical heads and android bodies. 

A matrimony bed would be installed behind lace frilly curtains and there she would hump on her back at least 12 punters a day.&nbsp; As this would most probably be a low estimate, with her being on the show, the viewer had taken pity on her and to put a safety limit of on of 18 guys to entertain per day.
 However, had specified all three orifices should be used by any punter and judicious smacking of her bottom as a aphrodisiac would definitely be approved.&nbsp;&nbsp; The beating over she was allowed to rise and taken of to be united with her clothing, but not for long thought the audience. 
 
20 minutes later, a very subdued Sadie was marched to on to face her multiple gangbang. Standing her in front of the spotlight, he gave her some good news.&nbsp; The of viewers have decided that you are to be a whore for the next five years
 However, they have also stated because you were let down by your phone again friend, A little mercy will be shown by allowing you antidepressants and the mind numbing drugs which should allow you to fulfil your forfeit in complete unawareness.&nbsp; 

You will fulfil your obligation as a mindless slave, but that won&#8217;t happen until you have been installed in the whorehouse for six weeks. Only then will you be a mindless piece of flesh. Tonight and for a six weeks programme, you will dwell in the misery of being used 18 times a day. However the of viewer hasn&#8217;t forgotten your stress levels and has decreed that you will make love passionately to every punter. No quick bunk up, no quick blow jobs, each punter will have at least 45 minutes with you to take you as how and often as they can in that time

 He then continued slyly. If she looked to her left, her first days work was waiting to be dealt with, meaning the long line of studio audience who were swallowing Viagra in anticipation of giving her one.&nbsp; Already six of the guys had their Dicks out and were crudely caressing them. 

While said he was waiting for her gang-bang squad to be assembled the quizmaster had a nice surprise for her.&nbsp; 
Showing her the clip of where she had been misled by her &#8220;Phone a Friend&#8221;, it showed a interview with her friend Vivian who apologised profusely for giving the wrong answer but could not help sniggering when she thought of Sadie being rammed repeatedly between the legs as an very reluctant prostitute.&nbsp; 
However damming herself, then she made the silly mistake of making the observation. That it really was a vocation that suited her to the ground; the quizmaster queried this, looking for a new angle.&nbsp; 


Vivian sensing the limelight let slip that she thought Sadie was a slut anyway and she would look forward to going to visit Sadie from time to time to see just how many punters were queuing up to give her one. The big screens around the theatre switched to a live broadcast direct from Vivian home, where she sat scared and apologetic
Sensing a new perspective, he quizzed Vivian saying.&nbsp; Therefore, you're glad she failed.&nbsp; At this, Vivian blustered and changed her tone by saying. 
No Of course, I feel sorry for her, all that lost opportunity; I just feel that if any person was going to do her forfeit dancing on her back as a Hooker, it couldn't have happened to a more appropriate young lady.&nbsp; 

 
The quizmaster turned to the audience and commented.&nbsp; It looks to me that Vivian deliberately misled poor Sadie here. Vivian blustering red face told the story.&nbsp; What do you think we should to do with the vindictive Cow? 
The audience immediately responded by voting and shouting.&nbsp; Send the bitch to the whorehouse with Sadie. 
 
Turning back to a now shocked and panicking Vivian, he pointed out that he thought that would be a very harsh punishment, however what if she's was made her, her Mentor, would that be better.
&nbsp; Vivian now thoroughly scared falteringly asked what that meant. 
What if we appointed you full-time schedule manager of the punters who are going to fornicate with your friend?&nbsp; You could supervise and make sure that she got up to her full quota.&nbsp; 

Vivian smiled with relief.&nbsp; I could do that OK.&nbsp; You mean make sure she didn't slack off and maybe report her for extra discipline
The quizmaster let her to dwell on the thought as she went on.&nbsp; Yes, I would enjoy that.
If you're going to do a forfeit somebody must make sure you don't slack off.&nbsp; I'm sure if the traffic got a little slow I could drum up a little trade for the Strumpet to do. 
 The quizmaster pounced.&nbsp; Yes, we need someone to make sure she does a good job.&nbsp; But who is going to make sure you are up to scratch? 

What I suggest is that if you don't do your job then Sadie is given a rest, while you take her place on the marriage bed and punters get to fornicate with you.&nbsp; The audience cheered their approval
 
The camera zoomed in on Vivian's shocked and horrified face.&nbsp; You can't do that.&nbsp; I wasn't in the show. 
 Oh!&nbsp; However, we can sneered the quizmaster, what you did was the illegal and sadistic and turned to the audience. 
How'd you feel about that this?&nbsp; Pushing the point callously home. 

If Sadie gets one complaint, then it's not to her that is punished but you as her manager.&nbsp; And what about adding, having your bottom agitated with a cane before your spread-eagled ready for humping on the bed? 
 
The lights on the voting panel flickered with a fury.&nbsp; Looking at the now shocked and terrified face peering out of the monitor, he laughed and said. 
Looks like you have talked your way into being included in the forfeit. 
 The viewers have specifically said that if you do have to take Sadie's place for the rest of the day.&nbsp; You start again from scratch and you service a full day's punters, 18 one after the other
I have sent the security stuff around and they will be bringing you to the studio, where together with Sadie your full forfeit will be explained.


Four hours later, a thoroughly disgraced, terrified and pleading Vivian was brought into the studio and made to watch Sadie being prepared for life as a whore.
While she had been travelling to the studio locked in a prison van, the quizmaster had&nbsp;&nbsp; decided not to lock Sadie up in the onstage cage. Deciding it would be much more fun if she were made to get in character or straight away while she waited for Vivien to arrive 
 Being a glamorous, young lady he had her taking offstage under computer control where after a costume change she made her debut dressed appropriately.
 The crowd roared its approval when Sadie reappeared on stage, now stripped of her fine garments and dressed in the gaudy costume very low cut dress of a Cat house showgirl. 

 She had been badly made up, with scarlet lipstick, lightly rouged cheeks, a flowing garish loud dress that stopped just above the knee showing a hint of a Garter and other delights higher up her leg.&nbsp; 
The hostesses had made a brilliant job dressing her as a cheap floozy&nbsp; 
Making her stand in the stage dead centre, held immobile, he had one of the hostesses lift up her skirt at the back and discreetly remove her panties, letting the dress fall demurely back into place. 

Sadie stood, at first mystified, listening puzzled as a unmistakable tune struck up.
 Then under computer control Sadie was made to dance an extremely energetic and revealing Can-Can. squealing miserably as the computer made her pick up the hem of her long can-can costume and pull it way up to her neck as she kicked her legs wickedly showing her all 
 Revealing a elegant pair of stockings encasing slim legs and a nice bushy pussy, which winked and pulsed as she extremely vigorously and lewdly pranced, her legs wide and kicking wildly. 

Sadie was now a living, dancing advert for the erotic areas between her legs, proclaiming her a Whore and inviting everybody to indulge in shagging her. For several minutes, she was forced to demean herself. While the males in the audience imagined what it would be like, to have their cock stuck in that warm orifice
After she had displayed her wares, she turned and stuck out her now still red naked bottom for the punters to admire, frozen in the classic skirt up, in the bottom exposed pose so the viewers could admire her rump .A rump that the quizmaster had not finished with.&nbsp; He liked to spank bottoms and this one needed a lot.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

The hostesses haven't finished with her either, turning her around, they lifted up the young floozies skirt at the front, and Delilah the delightful petite redhead hostess efficiently applied a waxing strip to Sadie&#8217;s pussy and then occupied herself slowly pulling it off, ripping the hairs painfully from Sadie crutch. 
 The crowd thoroughly enjoying Sadie's anguished expression, as the wax strip, bodily wrenched each hair individually, knowing that very soon that orifice would be being pounded in lust
 
Approaching the trembling, exhausted woman, he knelt down in front of the woman now sporting a bald, sore twat and with the camera looming in and with Sadie still held in Computer Control, carefully examined, probed and fingered the sexual orifice. 
Commenting that Sadie did not seem to be entering into the spirit of her forfeit, he called for a little incentive 
The crowd shook with laughter, when a technician appeared with a transparent box containing six large, very active cockroaches. They laughed even more as with Sadie shrieking hysterically the compare took one and very efficiently popped it into her now cringing cunt. 
The hysterical screeching from Sadie took on a new crescendo as she felt it wriggle and squirm its way inside her, out of the light. 

The compare grinned at her, and repeated it with the second one. By the time he had finished Sadie&#8217;s vagina was home to six squirming, crawling cockroaches, that being stung by the lubricant Sadie was producing scuttled excitedly around inside her flesh. 

The computer allowed the frantic squirming and squealing as Sadie felt them crawl inside her. And they weren&#8217;t motionless; the wet atmosphere causing them to wriggled and stimulate the sensitive skin of her vagina.&nbsp; Only the computer control stopped the now thoroughly revolted Sadie from going into hysteria.&nbsp; 
Occasionally a cockroaches head would appear then disappear back inside.&nbsp; Each time Sadie screeched and shuddered in torment 

Closing the gap with a couple of paperclips to hold them inside he then stood back and watched Sadie dance with a lot more enthusiasm. 
The audience roared with laughter as each time Sadie did a high kick, several insect legs could being seen waving beckoningly from her pussy. With one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Hostesses spanking her bottom with a paddle every time she was made to turn, bend, throw up her skirts to display her naked bottom
Then a totally exhausted Sadie was allowed to a rest with an appreciative roar from the audience.

 While this was happening, Vivian had been frog-marched on to the stage, gripped by the computer control, and made to watch her former friend cavort showing her assets. 
Even considering her dire situation, she couldn't help sneering at her friends antics. Commenting that Sadie looked so natural as a whore, she hoped the orifice now prancing on the stage would be continually reamed and now she was in charge, that dirty little orifice, would be working overtime.&nbsp; 
There was no-way she was going to put her well-being in jeopardy, just because the little tramp was too lazy to perform her fittingly applied forfeit.
As from now, if the little Trollope did not reach her target, she would make sure she regretted it bitterly. If necessary she would force her to entertain any weirdo that wanted to use her body for any disgusting deviant perversion just to make sure her quota was filled. 
 
Bringing the two now shocked and trembling women together, he had a hostess pull down Vivian's black trousers revealing legs encased in knee high black boots, and deliberately removed her lacy knickers so the viewers could get a good look at her horny succulent cunt set in a delicately haired pussy. 
 
He then took great delight in pushing his hand between her thighs and with a forefinger wanking the woman off so she horribly and humiliating orgasmed in front of 20 million people.&nbsp; Vivian being a prim and proper prude was horrified, and sicken, her shame showing on her face as her loins shuddered in a horribly induced ecstasy.
 
Then retribution would be quick, she would be grabbed by one of the robots, and in front of the complaining clients, would be stripped and forced over Sadie&#8217;s bed and after being secured, her bottom would receive 12 solid strokes of the cane. She would then find herself spread-eagled on the bed, her bottom raised to make her cunt more easily attended to asked his forgiveness by letting him fuck her
. 
 She would then find herself with a chain around her neck and be expected to cavort, fornicate and allow herself to be screwed by a whole day's quota of 18.&nbsp; Being kept there until, she had screwed all of them.&nbsp; The chain around her neck insuring she did a excellent job on the punter as being electrical it would deliver excruciating shocks to her neck if she wasn't up to the job. 

Vivian showed enough spirit to protest that Sadie only has 12 to do a day.&nbsp; The reply was that Sadie wasn't a scheming treacherous vengeful Bitch. 
She was then made to open and hold her legs wide while the three stunning hostesses, leered and leached around her genitals.&nbsp; Making her accept a large dildo in her cunt, and compelling her to stand horrified and shocked but accommodating while a giggling, grinning stunning Hostess stooped behind her, spreading her fleshy bottom and forcing a fat dildo up her back passage.
 
 Then Vivienne worse fears materialised, the quizmaster indulged in his passion of spanking deserving women by thoroughly humiliating her by putting her over his knee and spanking her soundly like naughty schoolgirl. Knowing that a little later he was going to cane her
&nbsp; Vivien screeched like a banshee, mainly because the fat dildo up her backside was prodded up and down every time her rump took a smack
 
She was then allowed to get dressed and accompanied a weeping Sadie for her to meet her first forfeit punter.&nbsp; The image was perfect.&nbsp; One showgirl on her way to meet a client, the respectable elegantly dressed women her pimp, both women weeping bitterly.&nbsp; 

Making Vivien stand and watch. Sadie was simply thrown to the punter
The punter simply took hold of Sadie's hand and pulled her terrified and panicking into the spotlight fully dressed but of course with no panties gripped her waist, and lifted her up and literally plonked her onto his greased Dick. 
 
Sadie alarmed and shocked jiggled and squirmed ineffectively as if a blow up doll, with her feet off the ground the guy energetically rammed his Dick into her orifice, her face screwed up in anguish and misery. 
It took approximately one minute for him to cream her cunt and then he literally lifted her off and threw her to one side once he had finished with her.
Almost before she had regained her feet, she found her head being pushed violently down between her legs and her long dress up around her neck as the next punter tried out the other unused orifice. 
 
Again, with all the contestants taking Viagra, the wretched Sadie soon felt spunk spurting wetly up her backside.&nbsp; 
 Leaving the cameras trained on Sadie in her misery, a second screen was opened catching Vivian who was smirking evilly as her colleague was legally raped.&nbsp; 
 Moreover, worst still she was heard to comment to a Hostess.&nbsp; Can't think why the silly Bitch asked me to be her phone a friend, can't stand the woman she really deserves what she's getting and I look forward to her loathing every second of the next five years.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; The quizmaster sensing a bit of fun called out as a punter groaned as he shot his lot up Sadie's bottom
Was that a possible complaint?&nbsp; If that's what I think, it was.&nbsp; Then turned to the crowd and put the question to them.&nbsp; Was that a complaint if it was then because of it, should Vivienne have her bottom caned as an example for tomorrow, and then she should finished off the rest of the punters waiting in the wings.
 
Vivian was in no doubt that; her bottom was for it as a roar went up from the crowd and the voting board flashed angrily.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The result was flashed up. 40 per cent feeling that Vivien should be caned and made to take on a full quota of 18. 
60 per cent felt that Vivienne should have a taste of the cane then work with Sadie in supplying sexual services to the waiting 16 punters. It was obvious at they wanted to see both women working their butts off in prostitution

 Predictably, Vivienne protested blustered and eventually swore at the audience in panic. As she was dragged away to start humping on her back, swearing that Sadie would be damned in hell, the quizmaster threw in the bomb shell that as she was technically a prostitute, she would have to be circumcised by law.&nbsp; The hostess is taking her away stopped, and Vivienne started to beg. Her answer came as they dragged her back screaming to the centre-stage
The blonde hostess, once she was again centre stage, made her stand with her legs open, while she gently stroked the petrified, trembling woman's crutch through her dark trousers. 

 As she erotically rubbed her crutch she pushed her face closer to the terrified woman she said in a quiet, sensual voice. 
 I'm so sorry my dear, but it's a legal requirement, it won't take long, just a few minutes and you will be free of all those horrible disgusting erotic sensations for ever. Just spread your legs nice and wide, and I will be as quick as I can

Vivian by now was pleading desperately, as the hand continued to lecherously stroke and caress her twat.&nbsp; Be 
She was panicking, no I'll do what ever you want, I'm a happy married Women. No! the hostess reminded her, your now a whores back-up. Your husband will have to visit you in the brothel 
 Now you have been told that you're going to have to do the backed up, that legally means a continually bloated cunt, but no clitoris and no sensation, just work

Vivian felt her loins below the waist gripped by the computer paralysing them and was horrified to feel her legs gradually being stretched apart.&nbsp; She started screaming obscenities
Once her legs were nice and wide, one of the other hostesses came up and asked what the problem was, showing her concern, 
 She is doesn&#8217;t like the idea of being circumcised, said the first hostess grinning. 
 Oh is that all, and gently took Vivien&#8217;s arm. 
It's nothing to be frightened of. It will hurt like hell of course, but once it&#8217;s been done I'm going to have to cane your bottom as punishment for not doing your job. That is going to really hurt. I'm quite good at it as I think you will find out. But then you can try out your new de-sensitised&nbsp;&nbsp; vagina by having it raped at least 16 times and I think you'll find a couple will come back for seconds. It is nice being a whore. You Ian was beside herself begging and nearly collapsed
Quickly slipping a drug capsule into the unsuspecting Woman's mouth as she tried to protest 
 Vivian went to pieces, crying pleading, screwing her face up in distress.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The hospitality girl completely ignored this display of disgusting emotion and took her time in undoing the woman's trouser belt.&nbsp; Lovingly caressing the woman's crutch before opening the flies of her jeans wide, folding the flaps back so her pubic hair and belly were nicely framed for the camera. 
Then slowly pulled the terrified woman trousers down just enough so that's her still slim bottom poked her over the top of the lowered trousers and was nicely positioned to be soundly thrashed, a bottom she was going to hit as spitefully as she could with a cane. 
 
Her long slim gentle fingers inveigled to their way between the now begging woman's slim thighs and gently parted her sex lips.&nbsp; Vivian all the time staring horrified and unbelieving at her exposed crutch
&nbsp; The hostess continued, telling her in a professional but silky sexually charged voice.&nbsp; This won't take long but you may find it a little uncomfortable if not downright agonising.
As compensation let me give you one, last long, delicious orgasm to remember what you're going to be missing.&nbsp; 
Bit like a condemned man&#8217;s last cigarette.&nbsp; Would you prefer a dildo or I have lovely soft caressing fingers. 
Please, please begged Vivian I'll do what ever you want. 
 The woman in a silky voice replied.&nbsp; What I want is for you to scream nice and loudly and pathetically. 
 
Not waiting for an answer she knelt down and put her tongue lightly on to the doomed bud of pleasure, she was very sensual, her long tongue flicking lovingly across the object of her attentions. 
Vivian somehow didn't seem to be in the mood to oblige.&nbsp; But the computer held her tight in its grip making her seem composed nonchalant and un-interested. But inside she was screaming. 

 So standing and kissing a seemingly disinterested but horrified revolted Vivian deep and succulently on the lips, she leered into her face as her gentle finger erotically massaged Vivian's clitoris.&nbsp; 
 Her other hand caressing and squeezing the nipples of her breasts telling her amiably.&nbsp; Once you have orgasms and you will, I'm going to cut your clit out. You Pimp!
Then she went to town on Vivienne, using all her guile. She licked the her clitoris, massaged her finger deep into her cleft, while one of the other hostesses licked, sucked and milked her like a cow.&nbsp; 
She then bent the woman forward and deliberately smacked her backside hard with a rubber paddle marked in red letters slut! Knowing the sting would seek out her crack and stimulate it and the slogan would stay tattooed on her arse for several hours. Vivienne cried and shrieked as her bottom got a good smacking. Then it was back to the flickering tongue. 

 
Under this intense pressure a totally seemingly unroused Vivian shuddered in horror as her body betrayed her and she again horribly but this time due to the drug exceedingly spectacularly, orgasmed, panted and shuddered in public. 
 The audience had gone silent while they gaze at the poor woman have her last shuddering orgasm.&nbsp; She was then put over the hostess knee and thoroughly spanked extremely hard, with a wooden paddle. The crack each time it smacks into her naked bum made Vivienne scream beg and plead but the hostess callously continued enjoying making this woman suffer. 
 Then the computer allowed her to be dragged to her feet and made her stand naked thighs thrust forward offering her cunt for circumcision. 

As her shuddering body recovered slightly, she was again terrified by the hospitality girl standing in front of her leering and deliberately clicking a pair of outsize nail clippers.&nbsp; The click, click, click sadistically raising her terror to a peak as her hand reached out and sort out Vivienne pleasure centre
Time for a little pain after an illicit pleasure young woman, and after I have circumcised, I am going to force open your mouth and you're going to eat it
 
In 20 million households across the world's, men and women instinctively leaned forward to get a better view, wishing the treacherous Bitch a long and protracted agonising spectacle. 
Reaching between Vivian's legs, she gripped the offending organ between her soft sweet fingers and squeezing it tight, enjoyed making Vivian wiggle and screech.&nbsp; 
 Then slowly the hand holding the cutters reached down while she stared very cruelly at Vivian&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Kneeling so she could concentrate in getting it right, she ignored the squealing and begging coming from above and gripped the bud tightly in the blades of the cutters. 
 
Then slowly to the demented screaming accompaniment she cold bloodedly snipped out the clitoris.&nbsp; And Vivian's mouth opened in a unearthly scream.&nbsp; 
 Then standing up as promised she held the bloody piece of flesh in front of Vivian&#8217;s eyes before the computer opened her mouth. Once in she was made to chew it and swallow&nbsp; 

Quickly walking to the back, she retrieved the cane she had rested in the corner and measuring it briefly across the woman's curvaceous bottom, struck as viciously as she could.&nbsp; By the time, she had all 12 Vivian would carry the welts for months.&nbsp; 
 Vivian nicely played to her watching millions by responding with a very energetic bucking of her hips which forced her cunt forward so her watching fans could see the bloody wound where her clitoris had been.&nbsp; 
Then she was bodily picked up and laid face upwards on a bridal bed, her limbs tied to each corner. Then it was time for her to finish what Sadie had started. 
However, the audience were not bored, watching her being forcibly made to copulate
 
After being relieved of her quota for the day, Sadie was tidied and brought back on stage then held struggling, horizontal off the floor between the four Stunning Game Show Hostesses, one on each leg.&nbsp; Each one smiling evilly as Sadie struggled in terror.
A fifth, a sadist Brunette standing at her waist, holding the large set of nail clippers drew back her expensive can-can costume.&nbsp; Decorously arranging it around her hips and displayed a set of highly desirable, sexy thighs which she caressed briefly
The Brunette then reached in-between the screaming, begging young woman's thighs and using two fingers parted Sadie's sex lips, allowing the camera to get a perfect close up of her well fucked cunt.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Already the inner lining was showing signs of stress, despite being lubricated; the viewer could see it was very red and puffy and swimming in slimy cum. 
 
When Sadie felt the cold steel of the clippers encompassing her engorged clitoris she desperately tried to escape, but the computer would only allow her body to twitch violently as she stared horrified between her legs.&nbsp; Fingering it gently so it concentrated Sadie's mind the leering Brunette turned her attention to enjoying Sadie's face as she slowly squeezed the cutters shut. 
 
The viewers screen was getting a similar view by splitting the screen into two.&nbsp; One showing Sadie's horrified agonise face, the other a close-up of the new Hookers clitoris firmly gripped in the clippers
And much body fluid spurted or oozed between the legs of the viewer as they avidly watched the naughty hooker being circumcised. 
As the cutters nipped Sadie's pleasure bud Sadie entertained the crowd by screaming begging and pleading. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 3
Cathy had watched the show many times and especially enjoyed it when level 6 contestants lost spectacularly, as this was the first level for the introduction of possible death as a forfeit.
Great care was given to making sure she knew the possible consequences of her actions.&nbsp; However they mainly they dwelt on the rewards and the success would bring 
One of her favourite punishments, which she always used to vote for, if offered, was to have two males chained naked in an arena and given the choice of sexual disfigurement or death. 
The two modern Gladiators had a choice of staying close to each other and hacking, or standing back and waiting for an opportunity to gain the upper hand. 
However this was actively discouraged and this was always a bit that Cathy loved, by strong elastic rope attached not only to a metal pillar in the centre of the arena but tied tightly around the testicles of the modern Gladiators. 
&nbsp; 
Loose, they were in maiming range of the other.&nbsp; However as soon as they stepped back the rope tightened on their Bollocks, cutting off the blood supply to their testicles and slowly converting them to a nothing sex.&nbsp; The elastic was so designed that the excruciating grip only slackened off slowly. 
Cathy had love to watch two teenager's bollocks being gently squeezed to oblivion as the youngsters tried to summon up the courage to either release the tension but risk mutilation and death or suffer castration. 
A female variation was the tying up of the woman's breasts in a similar fashion until the loser was either cut down or lost her tits through radical mastectomy. 

The Muslim system treated those who failed extremely harshly.&nbsp; She had no exact idea what televised execution she would have to endure.&nbsp; However, having watched similar contest with the losers being burned to death, beheaded, or dragged to their death by horses, she knew that the crowd watching on their TV sets would enjoy it immensely. 
&nbsp; 
She had been shocked to see that 87% had voted for her to be ruthlessly put to death.&nbsp; Not realising that her age and beauty had given the baying viewer a mistaken expectations of her ability. 
When analyse of the reasons for voting were displayed it seemed that many just wanted this suave, sophisticated young lady to be brought down a peg or two. 
 With many a female wanting her to undergo some excruciating sexually orientated ordeal and to see her cute backside painfully whipped just out of spite for her serene composer beautiful desirable body. 
Most of the male viewers just desired to see her sexy confident body stripped naked and made to copulate in public.&nbsp; To see her naked tits and juicy pussy put to use on screen, to wank over 
&nbsp; 
 Each of the quizmaster had their own and distinctive style
George liked to almost physically attack the losers, making it quite clear that they were scum.&nbsp; It was not unusual for his losers to be total naked on stage within minutes of failing, being exhibited for maximum vulgarity.&nbsp; 
If a contestant especially female lost and was now facing a degrading forfeit, often the first they knew was when he grabbed their face and spat deliberately in it. 
Demonstrating the contempt, he had for them and how much he was going to enjoy watching them sufferer.&nbsp; The shock and horror of being defiled nicely mingled with the shock of realising they were going be made to copulate in public.&nbsp; He has been known to make an especially desirable contestant suck the snot from his nose
&nbsp; 
Kathleen was a little subtler just exposing the contestant's genitalia.&nbsp; The men having their prick dangling from their flies within seconds of the announcement, which they often liked.
What they did not like was the blob of super glue in the eye of their prick that agonisingly stopped them ejaculating when it was fastidiously massaged by one of the smirking, leering, glitzy Hostesses. 
The ladies she took great delight in masturbating them to a humiliating public orgasm.&nbsp; After exposing their pubic area to the TV vouguer gaze, they suffered in controlled repulsion as a massive dildo was introduced between their pleasurable thighs.&nbsp; Their tight little cunt's being painfully wrenched open.&nbsp; Feeling horrified and mortified as they were wanked off in public 
&nbsp; 
Paul was sadistic but delicate.&nbsp; A female contestant would be informed of her failure by the sudden shock of his hand caressing her crutch and belly in a very licentious way. 
This would be the first that the Damsel would know that she had lost and the shock of being touched so intimately was an indignity on its own.
Then to find she had to accept the hand wandering slowly inside her panties often made them break down in total misery.&nbsp; The crowd loved it when they did that.
As a contrast he used another abrupt introduction into the world of an unclassified thing by having an enema apparatuses uncovered on stage, the now bent contestant quickly have to cope with a desperate urge to relieve themselves on in public.
&nbsp; 
Joe had a technique that he loved to use every time.&nbsp; He announced the verdict with a gift. 
Unveiling either a golden plastic apple for each question correctly answered, for the contestant to take home as a permanent reminder of their triumph. 
Alternatively, they would uncover a glass box containing a fuzzy mouse, a hairy long legged spider or squirming maggot, which would be quickly slipped into their underwear, for them to feel exploring the inside of their panties 
&nbsp; 
The shock of being seeing a horror, then having her jeans pulled opened at the waistband, for the box to be upended into her underwear was a double devastating horror for the young lady concerned.
Single things, like mice and spiders meant she had to wait an eternity while containing bands were placed around each thigh, her eyes watching mesmerised as the object of her torment scuttled around in their plastic box. But the effect was the same total horror, shock and devastation to her composure.
&nbsp; 
If wearing a skirt, the transparent box had a large adhesive aperture, which was simply pushed her against the woman's exposed pussy after raising the skirt and pulling aside the crotch of her panties. Superglue welding it solidly to her skin.&nbsp; Allowing the creatures to explore around and wiggle inside her cunt.
This was also used for tiny creature like bugs, baby snakes and wood lice and of course cockroaches that hated the light
&nbsp; 
First the suspense of waiting to see if it was plastic or alive.&nbsp; Then the shock of seeing the creature, coupled with the horror on having their pants exposed and opened.&nbsp; Knowing something awful was going between their legs made him a much hated compare.
Even successful candidates hated the suspense while the box was uncovered.&nbsp; This tension even if a contestant was successful made brilliant television 
 
On top of that was the real horror that the female felt as what ever she had been awarded announced itself by slithering or creeping around her genitals.&nbsp; Baby snakes were a popular gift
The sight of a young lady, her emotions suppressed and their screaming muted by the computer, struggling to express the sensations she was feeling as hairy spiders legs crawled around inside her knickers was a very hilarious sight.
At the very least, her eyes bulged from her head as her arms flapped near her cunt as contact would be prohibited. 
Her face pulling the most comic expression as she wiggled and squirmed in horror and misery as the very visible bulge in her trouser crutch pulsated and moved. 
 
The cringing immobile woman would have them crawling around her pants for maybe 2-3- minutes until a pronouncement was given on what the viewers wanted to do to her as her main forfeit.
Depending on the forfeit, sometimes she was made to copulate with baby snakes still hanging, wiggling from her vagina or beetles popping out of her anus 
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
Chapter 4 
A young woman called Zoe aged 19 had been sentenced before Cathy had also been level four participants, but unlike the woman Sadie, condemned to be a whore she had unwisely declared High Level. 
Therefore, while getting similar punishment as Sadie before her as a forfeit, being made to perform degrading sexual work.&nbsp; Moreover, she was going to have to endure working as a Prostitute without the benefit of mood enhancing drugs.&nbsp; Moreover, her body would be available to any type of sexual pervert who desired it. 
&nbsp; 
For that reason, her quota was only four a day but during the time she was forced to do it, she would be in abject misery and distress as well as extremely humiliated. 
&nbsp; 
The audience always loving to humiliate a loser, especially if they were a vibrant and arrogant young woman and voted that she take the place of an Android doll in a deviants mechanical brothel, where normally only a plastic body would simulate the pain, humiliation, and degradation, of its human equivalent.&nbsp; 
 Now a real living feeling person substituting for an android would feel every cut thrust and impalement for the pleasure of a sexual deviant. 
Her time had been limited to one year but it was expected that she would pay for her gross failure within three months.&nbsp; Dying while slaving away as some pervert took out his gross pleasures on her slim trim, desirable body. 
&nbsp; 
Compelled by the computer to stand centre stage she been verbally abused by the Quizmaster who took delight in sexually and lewdly rubbing her crotch through her tight fashion denims.&nbsp; Then slowly and leeringly unzipped the flies, and folded back the material so the crutch of her pink brief panties was nicely framed.&nbsp; Then slipped an exploring hand inside while she stood embarrassed, shocked but held inert. 
You could see her straining to protect herself but her crutch stayed motionless as the hand slowly found her pussy and slipped a fat finger inside. 
&nbsp; 
Zoe face was a depiction of disgust, shock, horror and panic while she struggled to escape, as he masturbated her to a full juicy orgasm in secret in her trousers.&nbsp; When he then pulled down her denims and lifted the jacket the crowd watching on TV leered at a cunt that had just orgasmed and that would soon be working overtime. 

Then while still making the woman cum a second time he produced a large dildo, passed it to a glamorous Hostesses who lovingly and forced it, smirking slowly and painfully up her arse. 
The computer allowing her to thrust forward her hips trying to alleviate the pressure on her anus but stopping her clenching her arse cheeks or preventing its painful thrusting.&nbsp; She was then as Sadie was introduced to today's quota of punters. 

But first, she had to comply with the law.&nbsp; Her first client obligingly offering to do the job for free, leering and smirking as the panic stricken woman was bent painfully backwards over a cable drum, pushing her working equipment lewdly forward, her long slim legs pulled open to display a nice lightly haired pussy but not for her the quick snipe. 
 
Using.&nbsp; Superglue a glass rod was attached to her clitoris and when set it was used to slowly stretch and elongate her pleasure centre to six times its normal length:&nbsp; which took several painful minutes to achieve after which it was simply snipped with a pair of scissors
To increase the viewer sense of endorsement he then proceeded to rape the newly designated prostitute.&nbsp; The first of many clients who would sample her delights without her getting even near an orgasm.
&nbsp; 
The spotlight spun onto Cathy, and the crowd hushed.&nbsp; On billions of TV screens across the world, a contestant in a dream-making quiz was about to be made to pay the forfeit for failing. 
That in the eyes of the TV voters meant that that trim well busted body should be tormented and destroyed in an especially sexually perverted way for their amusement. 
Like the Roman crowd at the Circus they had come to see someone pay at the altar of entertainment, the penalty for daring to challenge the system and failing miserably at level 7, to be a hounded to an ignominious death 
&nbsp; 
At first when as she had answered question after question correctly, she had had them right behind her, as she calmly and cheekily specified that her answers would be High Level.&nbsp; Increasing the risk but also the rewards. 
The crowd had edged her onwards until suddenly she had made that a key fatal mistake in her answer.&nbsp; Disappointed now the crowd were going to tear her apart. 
&nbsp; 
Up on the screen came her forfeits, for the crowd to vote on.&nbsp; The Quizmaster took up the role of commentator 
As it you can see the young lady has taken great delight in presenting her body in the best possible light for this programme and your visual enjoyment and it is only fair that we take great delight in destroying it as pleasurable, for us, as we can. 
I personally will love to see Cathy first flogged so the delightful curves of her delectable backside were reduced to a welted agonising mass before her of obviously sensuous cunt was stimulated to distraction by the rape by domestic animals including a big fat hairy pig.&nbsp; Nevertheless, you the viewer decides. 
&nbsp; 
The options are.&nbsp; And to this was displayed in on a large display board in heavy red writing. 
The compare walked over to the display and verbally emphasised the writing. 
&nbsp; 
1 Being made to bend over, legs open for a caning.&nbsp; Then subjected to rape by a pack of dogs.&nbsp; Finally being hung naked by the neck to till she died 
&nbsp; 
2 Caned as 1.&nbsp; Released naked, before being hunted until caught and torn apart by a pack of hounds 
&nbsp; 
3 Held standing upright and publicly raped 20 times before suffering 1000 slow painful sensual cuts of the knife, until she bled to death. 
&nbsp; 
4 Her sexual parts burned then suffering 1000 slashes of a whip.&nbsp; (Itself a death sentence) 
&nbsp; 
5 Being thrown from a skyscraper building after multiple animal rape 
&nbsp; 
6 Being skinned alive and roasted on a fire. 
&nbsp; 
7 Being immersed in a vat of starving rats and being eaten alive. 
&nbsp; 
8 Being a boiled alive over a slow fire in a transparent container 

9 Being eaten alive by being immersed in a vat of soldier ants. 
&nbsp; 
10 Being thrown to a pack of human perverts to be mauled, raped and dismembered 
&nbsp; 
The lights dimmed as the crowd voted.&nbsp; Cathy stood trembling as her fate was declared by a push of millions of buttons. 
She had tried so hard to better herself as the system demanded.&nbsp; She had wearied at reading forms, deciding an outcome, stamping them and passing them on.&nbsp; Knowing that in the next building someone else was re-evaluating her decision and sending the paper for recycling by other human drones. 
&nbsp; 
The Quizmaster knowing that the young lady trembling there on podium in the spotlight was going to suffer a extremely painful and unquestionably sexually orientated punishment summoned up a mechanical mouth, Type 3 female, to suck his cock while he lustfully stroked the condemned young woman's arse.
Getting great pleasure from the machine on his dick and great mental contentment that this arrogant attractive Bitch was going to pay a very humiliating and painful price for daring to buck the system.&nbsp; 

Cathy held immobile while tears of despair coursed down her cheeks as the Quizmaster goosed her trim backside knowing he was enjoying the thought that soon she would have a very sore arse 
In front of the 20 million viewers, he moved his hands from the girl's backside and deliberately and sensually lifted the smart skirt at the front and caressed the condemned pussy over her silk panties while he loving stuck his tongue down her throat.&nbsp; Unable to effectually move, Cathy had to accept the humiliation as par for the course&nbsp; 
The crowd loved it as the contestant squirmed and trembling was made to publicly acknowledge the viewer now had a full right to humiliate her sexually as well as destroying her delectable body. 

The Quizmaster proudly announced them in reverse order.&nbsp; The preferred punishment were ready 
3 million want to her to be publicly raped by domestic animals and then thrown from a30 story public building 

4 million for having her skinned and roasted alive like a barbecue lamb while she screamed in torment. 

4.5 million .For having her placed in a clear plastic tub and being covered in starving rats until she was totally consumed 

4.7 5 million for having her dismembered by perverts while being raped and sodomised. 
Would have been a nice way for her to go, commented the quizmaster, making Cathy tremble in horror as she imagined what they would do to her before she died. 

5 million want her publicly raped before having petite pieces of flesh and skin removed 1000 time. 
And I know just the juicy bit I would cut first joked the compare eyeing up Cathy's succulent crutch 

5.5 billion.&nbsp; Would love to see the delectable young lady placed naked in a transparent pot full of oil and boiled until her flesh cooked&nbsp; 

At this point Cathy was feeling extremely faint as the perversions she was not going to suffer added up.&nbsp; The Quizmaster after getting their camera trained back on the fearful pale and drawn face and went on. 

6.75 million.&nbsp; Want her cute little tits, bum and tight cunt seared with a burning petrol flame before having the flesh peeled from her bones with a whip 

6.95. million people want to see this young lady being stripped naked, being multiply raped and sodomised publicly in front of the hunt.&nbsp; Then released to be chased, cornered and dragged to the ground and literally torn apart by the hunting hounds. 
&nbsp; 
At this point, the Quizmaster paused dramatically, and the camera drew back so that the viewing public could see the delightful outline off the condemned woman could be seen as a dark but highlighted silhouette. 
The light emphasising the tight upward thrust of her breasts, the silky V between her sexy slim legs, 
The light glistened on her tight little backside that she had displayed arrogantly.&nbsp; So pointedly to get public sympathy on her side 
&nbsp; 
The Quizmaster knew that 40 million eyes would be speculating excitedly whether that delectable trim body would soon be completely covered in biting devouring crawling ants. 
Alternatively, whether her beautiful eyes would be popping from her head as a choking noose tightly caressed her cute dainty neck.&nbsp; Her struggling causing doggie cum to drip from both her lower sexual orifices over a welted backside. 
The indications definitely seemed to be on making the young lady suffer some sort of depraved sexual intercourse before having her flesh flayed. 
&nbsp; 
Well ladies and gentlemen again a pregnant pause.&nbsp; The result is a tie with 7.45 million people wanting to see her struggle and choke naked on the end of a rope after being made to copulate with 12 randy hounds. 
While the same amount want to see a close-up of the younger ladies tight little cunt as it is invaded by biting, stinging slithering crawling soldier ants and its sensuous, delicate inner lining stimulated to agony as the acid they produce literally liquefy her internally 
&nbsp; 
As this is an unusual occurrence, a split decision, the judge's decision will be final.&nbsp; And that has already been made.&nbsp; Here the dramatic pause and then the drum roll 
It has been decided to combine the best of the both forfeits 
&nbsp; 
The young lady will first have her backside exposed after being held in a bending forward position and will then suffer 100 cuts of the rattan cane welded by a professional. 
Then while suitably displayed ten sexually frustrated and immensely randy dogs will be allowed to mount and copulate with her. 
After which her body will be prepared and she will be immersed standing in a tank of soldier ants for her final prolonged demise. 
&nbsp; 
While this all happens special close-up shots will be taken as the ants first crawl up her long sexy legs and special attention will be taken to capture for your delight, the moment when her shaven, pouting cunt gets its first unwelcome invader.&nbsp; And the intense emotions that she will be feeling 
This will be recorded in slow motion for you to replay at your leisure, as it will also include a full body language insert shots showing her horror and abhorrence and humiliation. 
&nbsp; 
He went on to say, as there has been so much interest in this young ladies payment of her forfeit this half of the programme will be extended. 
 After a short interlude, this will show some of the recent favourites of other contestants as they pay their forfeits.&nbsp; We will come back and cover in full detail and depth this contestant's payment of her well-deserved forfeit. 
Now the contestant was officially condemned as a renegade the Quizmaster took the opportunity to have a little fun.&nbsp; In addition, gave her a taste of what it would be like to get a dog long thick Dick flickering in and out of her cunt. 
&nbsp; 
Under the very public gaze of 20 million viewers, the Quizmaster decided to introduce the contestant to a favoured torture of his own 
Gesturing forward the two gorgeous Hostesses he had them simply grab the shocked young lady's hair and make her bend at the waist so her tight little bum displayed nicely through her tight slim smart skirt, knowing the computer would hold her in position no matter how much she protested. 
&nbsp; 
Once the young Tart was bending forward, he slowly raised the lady's short skirt folding it neatly over her hips, while the contestant gave out shocked protests wiggling her trim desirable body violently.&nbsp; 
Then with her neat little bottom exposed, he gently stroked and soothed it in delight giving it several light but stinging slaps, which the computer allowed to be translated into jerks, and loud shocked OOh-Ouch-Oh! 
Then the enjoyment of the woman's bottom over he gestured to the Hostesses who like giggling prefects at a University sonority party proceeded to pull down her white panties exposing her neat ivory pink bottom cheeks and her genitalia. 
With a gesture from him, the young lady's legs were pulled wide apart.&nbsp; Allowing the ever-watching camera to capture in colour and close up a picture of her wet juicy cunt.&nbsp; On screen the woman's lightly haired pussy winked at the viewer 
&nbsp; 
With the young woman protesting in shocked horror he then caressed her slit and pulling his hand into a hard fist proceeded to give the woman a fist-fucked cunt, something that is extremely distressing and painful to any women.&nbsp; To one who had just had their ambitions destroyed, it was devastating
With her held squirming and struggling in position he forced a fist painfully and forcibly between her legs, into the squirming young woman's cunt.&nbsp; 
Let's open you up and let in a few creepy crawly&#8217;s for you to fuck with", he said grinning as she howled her agony&#8217;.

For a couple of minutes he forced the now classless socialite to wriggle her agony as he forced her cunt to a cavernous gap in preparation for it to become liquid ant food.&nbsp; Her cries kept to an acceptable level by the computer 
Giving one last push so, she wiggled extremely energetically.&nbsp; He extended his arm so she was completely impaled up the cunt; she wiggled on the end of his outstretched arm, his hand deep within her.&nbsp; He mockingly said to the camera, "She's wiggling like a Bitch with ants in her pants".&nbsp; He pulled out leaving the woman with a yawning slit 
At this point the camera cut and up came the adverts 
 

Chapter 5
Off camera, the producer quickly organised his crew, he had a sensational programme to put out. 
Get out the tank of ants; I want the glass-viewing panel completely crawling with them for the opening shot.&nbsp; Phone up the Kennel and get those dogs for the copulation shot ready. 
I want them huge, ferocious and randy but have them muzzled.&nbsp; I don't want the main event diverted from that wet succulent cunt by weeping dog bites.&nbsp; The ants we will use will leave her alone as far as biting her until they find s something moist, and then they will bite hard. 

As a treat for your coverage quizmaster, you can administer the cane strokes to the ladies backside.&nbsp; Take your time I want her to scream and wriggle right from the first, but at no time must she faint or lose consciousness.&nbsp; And remember those cuts pink her arse but don't cut it. Her arse will be covered in creepy crawly's soon enough, I want them first tormenting her cunt 
&nbsp; 
Right!&nbsp; This is the scenario.&nbsp; Make her walk escorted to the trestle, but formally position her over it.&nbsp; Make her do what you want from the start.&nbsp; Don't let her take control. 
Deliberately and slowly spread her legs until she is a nice extended V. That's without disturbing her other clothes, run a knife up the back of its skirt and expose its pale buttocks. 
She will look more ridiculous and humiliated if she is still smartly dressed while exposing her white pale bottom and hairy pussy in between her legs. 
Then you Quizmaster are to administer the cane strokes.&nbsp; Take it slow.&nbsp; And don't cut her, remember the ants. 
&nbsp; 
Once her bottom has been agonised, we released the dogs.&nbsp; No!&nbsp; Change that.&nbsp; Let us have them in as soon as her hairy pussy in full view but don't let them touch her. 
Being in such a vulnerable position, the knowledge that soon the dogs will be fucking her should make her wet up and glisten nicely in the spotlight.&nbsp; Once the cane starts to whip her arse, she will go drier than the Sahara desert. 
&nbsp; 
The whipping over, before releasing the dogs to ravish her, hold them on a tight leash and let them explore her cavities with their wet noses.&nbsp; That should make the Bitch yelp in expectation. 
Once the dogs are ready, slap grease liberally between her legs.&nbsp; I want the Bitch to feel and portray for the camera every vestige of the horror and disgust she is feeling slithering between her legs. 
Make sure that one dog only mounts her at a time.&nbsp; I want no fighting over the bitch. 
Each shagging is to be a long and sensuous affair from each one.&nbsp; I want each viewer to personally savour her horror at being made to copulate not with one dog but a dozen horny hounds. 
I want a split screen.&nbsp; One showing the penetration as the thick horny dog's dick is forced up her.&nbsp; The other picture showing of her face, showing the horror, disgust and degradation she will be experiencing. 
Even if all 12 dogs have had her, if any show inclination to do her again let them, then clean her up ready to be a feast for the ants. 
&nbsp; 
The preparation for that needs to be thorough.&nbsp; The ants will naturally crawl over her, and there should be some nice shots of her screaming and trembling as she feels them on her skin, 
However, keep one camera constantly on her cunt.&nbsp; Even before that first entry, that cunt will be a literally trembling in anticipation.&nbsp; I want every juicy shot captured. 
&nbsp; 
The other cameras, I want one on her anus as that will also be moist and once her cunt has been fully explored and crawling inside and out with ants: the next area they will swarm in will be her back passage. 
One of course on her face, and at least three cameras taking semi-close-ups of her lower body and two taking full-length shots from front and rear. 
The action will be delayed by 30 seconds to allow the programmer to pick the best shots to put out on air 
&nbsp; 
If we plan it well enough, her jerking and jiggling as her cute, little sexy bottom is repeatedly nipped will provide humiliating comic relief well before she feels the first one biting the tender morsel of her pussy lining.&nbsp; He drawled over the scene in his mind .she was a tasty morsel and sending her to a painful death would make great TV and be remembered for a long time. 
&nbsp; 
Where was I!&nbsp; Yes her preparation for her being eaten alive.&nbsp; Once the bites start come thick and fast, the slag will start to swell internally.&nbsp; To arrest that, tubular rolls of wide mesh will have been inserted into her orifices.&nbsp; To keep the action moving this will be done in a humiliating way as possible.&nbsp; 

Have her completely stripped and have her held upright and shaved, a blunt razor should tenderise her pubic area and concentrate her mind on her predicament.&nbsp; Then place her over the lap of one of the Hostesses as if in preparation for having her bottom smacked, again like a naughty child. 
However, instead of having her bottom smacked, the tubular rolls of mesh will be slowly inserted up her bottom and in-between her legs after being heated in the microwave, that should really make the bitch twitch. 
&nbsp; 
From there, it's into the tank and suspend by her wrists from above with her legs wide apart, bending slightly forward, as if about to get it up the arse.&nbsp; Then we pause for a commercial break.
Once that is all ready, it's then that a matter of simply releasing the ants to turn her into a hollow fluid filled husk for them to soak up and take it back to the nest. 
As these ants won't attack anything that not wet they will literally hollow out her lower cavities from inside so we need to keep up the drama with a running commentary. 
&nbsp; 
At this point one gleeful voice asked if she could be hung up by her tits, they would hold her light body. 
 Well my younger Brenda, if you and we feel the need.&nbsp; She is going to have to be held somehow in the tank.&nbsp; How would you like the job of slamming a meat hook in each of her plump luscious Bristol&#8217;s? 
What about her bottom questioned Brenda I've never stuck a woman up the arse with a meat hook, they say it makes their eyes water.&nbsp; 

Oh, I have said Paula interrupting.&nbsp; A couple of years ago very nice slim 16 year-old, a she had got to be quiz happy, tempted fate and gone for broke.&nbsp; 
I had the exquisitely task of hauling her up by her bum so she could be gang banged vertically and then her cunt was cauterised with a nice fat red hot number one iron.&nbsp; 

God I bet that made her shout a little.&nbsp; Didn't she tear herself when she struggled, queried Brenda?&nbsp;&nbsp; 
No said Paula, a woman's arse muscle, is remarkably resilient.&nbsp; Even as I sterilise her cunt, the hook stayed nicely jammed up her bum. 

The trick is to get them to lie flat on their tummies, then with them nicely relaxed, get someone to yank their bum cheeks as wide as possibly apart.&nbsp; Don't let them wiggle too much as the anticipation seems to make them go tense.&nbsp; Then holding it tightly in your right hand let her have it hard, 
I put her young head between my legs, leaned over and along the teenager's slim body and whacked the point firmly down it into her bum.&nbsp; Make it sure you drag it toward you as you thud it into her flesh, that insures the tip of the hook slides, nicely engages in her back passage 

You can aim the point and just chop down firmly so the tip sticks into their tight little anus about an inch or two.
You then finish the job by hitting the metal hook with a mallet so it is deeply shoved up her arse.&nbsp; 
Yes, She did screech a little, in fact she went rigid and screamed her silly head off but not as much as when I hauled her arse skyward on the rope.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Ok then said the quizmaster moving it on from the reminiscing.&nbsp; You Brenda get to stick to hooks in her breasts and you can watch Paula jam the third one up her arse. 
 
See if you can get a small miniature camera and if we can take shots inside her belly as the ants literally eat her alive so much the better. 
Stand by!&nbsp; We go back on air in five minutes but were still not finished shouted the floor manager 
Ok get in the reserve couple

Chapter 6
Desperate for a fill in replacement, the compere called in the new contestants. Normally only one person was allowed to compete at a time but at the managements discretion two or more people could take part. 
 However, before their taking apart an agreement of responsibly must be agreed, so that the rewards of their labours could be correctly allocated
Chelsea and her mother, a 35 year-old black Caribbean had pushed and pushed to get on the show.
Dennis the mother had ambitions for her daughter Chelsea and nothing was going to stand in her way in getting advantage for both of them.

Charlie the ever jovial host welcomed them in to the studio and decided that the shows producers had made a brilliant decision in getting these two. The mother even though 35 was still a sexy bitch and her daughter oozed sex appeal. At 19, she just did not quite have the audacity to go for broke that her mother had.
Before the show, the two women had to decide liability and the mother Dense was very insistent it had to be 3-1 in her favour. While she fought for her daughter, she did not want to lose too much influence if they made a spectacular win.
Then with dreams of several leaps up the ladder in organization, high extra privileges and large amounts of cash they waited to be called to the studio floor 

Chelsea was confident that everything would be OK, however Mum Dennis was racked with reservation 
However, the shows organisers tried to quieten her fears by quoting some figures. 
They reckoned that 85% of contestants finished the game in a winning position 30% with substantial gains in prestige and position .10 % gained a little but got a lot of enjoyment playing. That left 15% who where penalised to some extent. Only 5 % actually got very bad forfeits thrust upon them.
However, what wasn&#8217;t said was that theses were biased statistics and did not take in the policy of the program. And that the five percent suffered horrendous pain, disfigurement and sexual humiliation
It made much more sense entertainment-wise if the contestants were sorted so that the seemingly deserving got the rewards and the greedy and work shy got their bottoms smacked, thus impressions were so important

So on average, most of the winners were plain decent family people who the crowed wanted to prosper.
The desirable or sexy people or ladies with blond hair and big tits received strong forfeits with frequent regularity provided the entertainment side
Unknown to the top managers of the operation, theses figure had been further slewed by a practise known as desirability.&nbsp; 
Which meant that if a certain persons were seemed desirable for the entertainment value they would bring, boosting the viewer&#8217;s figures, then every effort would to encourage them to overstretch themselves by the compare and also the hostess.

Getting the call, Denise suddenly felt nervous, statistics are okay but someone had to fail at least no other reason to give the show its risk aspect that pulled in the viewer. 
So nervous was the woman that the compare asked if she would like a confidence booster.&nbsp; It was definitely would be unofficial. But no record would be kept and they wouldn&#8217;t tell if she didn&#8217;t.
 
Reassuring her that it would not affect in the slightest her reasoning power and would most probably help, as it would allow her to concentrate on the job in hand.
Denise took the drug gratefully, what she hadn't been told, was it would boost her confidence to a level that was almost reckless and would make her almost a danger to herself and her daughter. Not that that worried the organisers, they would claim they had no knowledge.
 
On stage thing went well with Denise and Chelsea easily winning up to level 5 and Denise could see them sailing up to the heights of level 8. Though her daughter was getting more and more worried about her mothers carefree recklessness. Several times, she tried to take the rewards and run, but her mother ignored her.

At level 6 Denise so confident was that she went for high-level risk without even hearing the question first. 
When the question was put, even she bulked slightly then the drug pushed her to give an answer to an easy question that could have got them vast increases as prizes. 
However in her eagerness to answer she got her metaphors mixed and the viewer received a message across the screen saying in bright red letter that flashed and screeched FAILED! FAILED! 

Charlie was one of those people who love the whole showmanship of the game called The Game Show. 
 He loved the excitement, the thrill, and the feeling of generosity as he awarded power and prestige to the winning contestants. But more he enjoyed subjecting those unfortunate failures to the excess of sexual humiliation, pain and degradation that defeat brought on their wretched bodies. 
 Once a contestant had failed, he had complete power over them, up to the rules of the game and he always took full advantage of the erotic thrill it gave him. A losing contestant could expect no mercy just total deprivation
 Even if it was at the beginning and he just made a contestant bend over for a bottom spanking, he enjoyed making it as humiliating and as painful as he could.&nbsp; Once things got to the level where sexual, humiliation and forced copulation were the norm he was in his element. He cherished making contestants voluntary do things they loathed 

 The hostesses were even worse, being spiteful and mischievous well beyond their official duties. 
They would make sure male or female, that they suffered as much fear, pain and humiliation they could inflict. 
 That was the name of the game, everybody loves a winner, but lose and they would make sure you squirmed as much as possible for the reputation as of the show.
 Now after a long run of winners, they at last had a loser. Now for a little bit of plain simple anguish. In fact, a lot of suffering, very humiliating suffering, for these young ladies' had made their deadly mistake at the level when the consequences were very, very serious.

&nbsp; Keeping a poker face, he realised that the couple had failed in their bid for advancement he carried on playing for his own personal lust and enjoyment 
Giving a sign to one of the Hostesses, he engaged Denise in light friendly banter while his eyes strayed to Chelsea firm tight bulge in the back of her designer dress, where her derriere sat so pertinently.
The hostess catching sight of the signal knew exactly what was expected of her, having carried out similar actions on other contestants.&nbsp; Slinking to one side, she selected the implement she felt was required. And quietly sneaking up behind the two excited, hopeful contestants prepared to deal the younger girl the biggest bombshell in her young life. 
Standing behind the 19 year-old, she eyed up the tempting, curvaceous, sexy bottom of the girl standing in front of her. She felt the excitement rushed to her head as she prepared to let fly with a cane. 
 
She smiled as she thought; the poor cow had absolutely no idea how much this was going to hurt. In a moment she would enjoyed seeing Denise tight backside crinkling violently as the cane cut into her soft&nbsp;&nbsp; malleable backside, and it would hurt like hell. That thought made her very wet between the legs

While Charlie was keeping the mother engaged in conversion the computer quietly clicked in locking the very desirable young Chelsea in its silent grip.&nbsp; 
Denise to her dismay saw Chelsea suddenly started to act crazy. Terrified at the power seizing her body, her eyes bulged as she found she could not cry out as she fought fruitlessly back
Under total control she suddenly developed staring eyes and her mouth twisted grotesquely as the computer slowly made her hands reached back to hold her bottom, so attractively contained in her dress.
What really caught Dennis&#8217;s eye was the fact that she wickedly started to thrust forwards her pelvis and grind it like a stripper.
Dennis was horrified, how dare her daughter let her down so outrageously, and while being watched by such a vast audience. She was for it, once they had got their prize. 
But to trying to cover up, smiled sweetly for the camera.&nbsp; 

Charlie looked over Chelsea's shoulder and nodded perceptibly, the hostess grinned to herself, rocked her weight back on her rear foot, and raising the cane high in the air, deliberately and sadistically whipped Chelsea hard across her rump.&nbsp;&nbsp; The cane whistled in and caught Chelsea square across the centre of her deserving backside. 

At this point Charlie let his eyes dwell on Chelsea face with his eyes flickering to her neat backside. Suddenly the switch that the hostess was welding came into violent contact with Chelsea firm young arse. And though her body stayed still except for a violent flinch, her face showed sudden shock and agony. There was not doubt the girl did not enjoy having her bottom smacked grinned Charlie
The hostess had deliberately waited till the horrified but dumb Chelsea was released partly from control so her loins and legs came free and she franticly stood up straight and horrified at her actions put her hands up to her mouth, which for some unknown reason, still was not working.

Even though the computer had control of her limbs, Delilah the hostess, felt the thrill run through her body as Chelsea's exquisite agony showed itself in her demeanour
Denise convinced, that she had answered correctly was even now debating whether to go for the ultimate prize when they reached level eight. Failing was not in her mind, so when out of the corner of her eye she saw the hostess assault her daughter violently she couldn't comprehend what was happening. 

Her mind went into turmoil, and at first almost ignored it in her effort to play for the camera. When the second cut landed across her daughter's rear end, her first thought was that the hostess had gone mad due to jealousy at their success.
&nbsp; It was Chelsea&#8217;s controlled demure that threw her. She just stood there, her eyes popping in pain, her mouth working as she tried to contain the agony that was her bottom
Her next thought was indignation as the mad hostess, eyed up her daughter&#8217;s bottom to land a third stroke. 
Turning abruptly, she faced the demented blonde, and demanded. What the hell do you think you are doing? The hostess smirking let fly with a third cut. 

By now Denise had begun to realise something was not right, but was determined to protect her daughter, and started forward in anger. 
Stand still! Barked Charlie as Denise started to go mental. Surprisingly Denise obeyed and at least outwardly did a she was told as Charlie continued. Relax and I will explain. 
What Denise in her anger had not realised was that she had been lightly subdued by the computer, a state she rationalised in her mind as Charlie getting the situation under control. 

Unfortunately, the last answer you gave was not correct, and even now, the audience is voting on what you should be made to do as a forfeit.
Sadly, you failed a level six question at the higher level so I thought your daughter was ready for a little taste of the retribution that is coming. 

 And turning to Chelsea, said in a polite voice.
 If you wouldn't mind bending slightly forward Chelsea dear.&nbsp; Delilah would like to continue your thrashing, and she will be able to whip it so much painfully if it&#8217;s better positioned. Unfortunately, you will find it quite agonising each time she hits you but she will appreciate having a much tauter target to whip. 
As Chelsea struggled vainly to protest, but obligingly found her body bending forward, so the skin of her arse was tighter and better positioned to cane. He said to the hostess in an entirely different tone of voice.

Hit the bitch hard across the back of the thighs for the next couple of cuts, that should really hurt, then go back and hit her dead centre in the middle of her cute arse cheeks. Again, use full force, at this level of forfeit this a little Minx is not going to sit on that backside again so you might as well shred the skin off it
 Then I think we will let her rest so the pain and agony sink in while the audience think of what she&#8217;s going to get between her soft silky thighs as a penalty.

Charlie liked free bondage in which a Tart was blackmailed to do something she loathed and hated. That was Dennis role; she would crawl, beg and do as she was told in total wretchedness and misery
Chelsea on the other hand was going to find herself stage-managed like a blow up plastic doll, she wouldn't even be allowed the option of positioning herself, her lithe young body was going to find itself taking up the most demeaning, humiliating and optional position, until her forfeit could be satisfactory concluded, so the camera could catch every revolting action. 

Stand back Dennis. It seems that the answer you gave was incorrect and unfortunately you have now entered the forfeit zone and at a high level.
While I'm waiting for the viewers to vote on your trials and tribulations to come. I thought we would entertain them with a little display of Chelsea&#8217;s dancing, that&#8217;s before she really has to dance on her back which I am sure the viewers would love to make her do.

Its not right, Dennis protested I&#8217;m sure it was right, touch her again and I have you arrested, still the angry women had not noticed that her movements were sluggish, she thought it was just anger.
I demand that you check. That answer was definitely right.

The crunch came when a technician walked on stag and presented with a list that the audience had already voted on.
Even in the Arab world, there was colour prejudice and the Negroes did not help themselves mainly being at the bottom of the heap in any country they were in. The list of forfeits echoed theses sentiments 

Level Six Forfeits 

Contestants Dennis and Chelsea 

Failed At Level 6 High Risk Forfeit

Proposal one
Condemn both parties to a life of toil and slavery as African breeding slaves in the 19-century with all the misery, work and short life. Both girls to whelp as many brats as their bodies can achieve (Dennis should drop 10 more, Chelsea should at least manage 20-24 times) the children to be adopted by the state
To achieve this the two woman will be confined on a island (Along with similar defaulters) and worked till they died, at any task, utilising their bodies and attributes to the full 

Proposal two
Both girls should go back to their African roots and be made to copulate with any breed of African ape the viewer decides is related to them. The two woman would finally met their end being blown from a cannon the Indian way, 


The shows organisers suggestion are listed below
 Denise = Orang-utans?&nbsp; Young Chelsea = Young Gorilla?. 

The cameras concentrated on their horrified terrified expression while the voting board spun as it urgently analysed the votes. Charlie collected the printed outcome and stood in front of the two now demonised contestants and are read out in a loud theatrical voice

The recommended forfeit for Chelsea are a twofold encounter with gorilla and with the 3-1 ratio demanded by Denise, she will enjoy her urgent session of loving with six Orang-utans or Dog Baboons, whichever is easier for the company to procure, as we&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn&#8217;t like to keep the ladies waiting. 
Charlie stood back and watch with satisfaction, as both contestants were held by grinning hostess's, Denise had her hands dragged behind her back, and felt cold steel being clipped around her wrists. Her face was a picture of horror, shock, misery and disbelief.
Chelsea, being computer controlled, calmly placed her hands behind her, which were then manacled, but clear of her bottom, as she had a good hiding still to come 

Just for fun, the technician made her stand, part her legs and thrust out her cunt in a very lewd stance. In front of a horrified Denise, Charlie reached out and ran his hand slowly between her daughter's legs, enjoying the feel of her pussy as she was held and had to submit,&nbsp; 
Saying not yet Dear! don't be so impatient, it will take a couple of hours for us to get your lover&#8217;s ready, 
 But don't worry your encounter with our tame apes will be especially be revolting, long and protracted. 
 
 A Orang-utans has a famously long, fat thick Dick and then when it has finished with you, Zennor here, pointing to a grinning hostess will enjoy fucking your and your mother's arse with a six inch hard steel Cannon ball, you will find being sodomised this way rather violent and nasty but it will be over very quickly

He then turned to Denise, the audience has voted that you are going to enjoy the unlimited sexual attentions of three Orang-utans, such lovely cuddly animals and then you will enjoy a slightly more abusive bunk up from three very vicious type of baboons. 
 I hope you enjoy having your tits nibbled because these guys bite badly. He then and bent down and expose Denise&#8217;s plump pert tits, taking his time as the woman shrieked, to explain exactly what parts of her breast she would most probably have bitten off. 
You can expect of course to lose both of these attractive nipples, something they like to chew on as they run their horny dicks up your tight delight fanny. Chelsea is going to get a good kiss and cuddle from a couple of gorilla&#8217;s though she will be visited a couple of times by each animal as it is been decided her bum also needs a good screwing. 
In the meantime, we will continue the entertainment by having Chelsea receive the rest of her 25 cuts across her delicious Derry

The two hostesses had to hold Dennis as her face went pale and legs gave way at the thought of being shagged by a monkey.&nbsp;&nbsp; As she fell, Charlie commented, not yet Dennis you&#8217;ll have plenty of time to lie on your back as he visualized the mind blowing sight of a terrified Denise being humped by a randy ape
Only then did Dennis realise she had been cocky and now her stomach knotted at the thought of the cock she was going to get for her over confidence.

Denise out of curiosity had watched a couple of programs in which a female contestant was forced into carnal intercourse with animals. She hadn't minded watching a woman struggle with being fucked by a dog, though she thought a bull was a little extreme.&nbsp; Though she watched fascinated as the monstrous long bovine penis was forced in as far as it would go while the woman shrieked in agony as her cunt was amalgamated with her anus, then turned her head as a electric shock to the Bulls rump burst it into the woman&#8217;s stomach. Once that is, she had watch in fascination the&nbsp;&nbsp; Bulls ejaculation squirt out around the impaled cunt 

But ugly semi human apes gave her the cringes, and she had to turn off in horror even before the ape had started giving her one. The sight of its bald prick, horny and rampant, poking out from a hairy pop belly made her shudder
Now her recklessness had earned them the identify of being a monkeys shagged-bag and she and her precious daughter were going to be mated with the most ugly and the most vicious African monkeys around.

Chelsea in the meantime, had, as asked, so nicely, by Charlie, resumed her position, bent forward so her rump was just at the right height for the Hostess to get a good stroke at.
With the surprise over, she could take her time in really tormenting the black bitch and she took advantage of it. There had been no mention of the cow of a mother getting her butt flogged, but she was sure that Charlie would find a justifiable reason for getting the women&#8217;s butt welted badly 

Aiming low for the young woman&#8217;s thighs, she did as asked and cut Chelsea's thighs deeply with the cane. And thoroughly enjoyed the suppressed whimpering that was all the computer would let Chelsea do.&nbsp; She would have preferred to see Chelsea scream, twist and wriggle but seeing two vicious deep red welts appear on Chelsea&#8217;s succulent thighs gave her some satisfaction. She would wiggle and scream soon enough when she was being fucked by her randy monkey lover. 

Then she switched back to her favourite target, the curvaceous rump of a young female, she settled into a rhythm, but was careful not to go too fast. 
One stroke every 30 seconds was ideal. That way the young teenage bitch would feel every agonising cut but her bottom would not start to go numb. Each one would hurt as much as the next. 
 Taking her time, she progressed slowly down the girl's arse, making sure it was well and truly agonised in pain
. 
The only problem of flogging a blacks butt was that it did not show the marks unless you looked carefully.
When a cane struck a black, the skin went white for a second then except for a dusty line, went back to looking normal, thus the thin switch.&nbsp; 
Even through thin dresses as Chelsea had worn for the show it would raise and cut the skin. Already blood was showing slightly red on Chelsea&#8217;s wiggling dress. She was definitely looking forward to seeing Chelsea revoltingly being made to kiss her aficionado

In the meantime, Dennis had been physically restrained in handcuffs and her black naked skin being slowly unveiled and displayed to the audience as Charlie took his time in removing clothing, item by item while the hostesses held the struggling woman and leered her nudity

 Charlie had the poor unfortunate woman&#8217;s tits out and fully on display and now he was in the process of slithering her dress up around her arse, so that her neat slim legs could be followed up by the camera, to a cunt that would feel the violent jiggling of a monkey's dick inside it. 
 Once he had exposed her vagina to the daylight, to remind the nearly fainting woman of her fate, he deliberately played with her pussy, opening the orifice with fingers, so the camera could the zoom in on her genitals, as he gently caressed and masturbated her in full view. 

The woman's face was a picture of horror, disgust and sheer terror: while Chelsea wiggled and when the computer let her, screamed and shrieked in pain Charlie was explaining to a very entertainingly distraught Denise as he displayed her charms to the camera.. 
I don&#8217;t want you to get too enthusiastic, these monkeys are quite sentimental creatures so don&#8217;t show too much ardour and passion as they cream your cunt otherwise they will want to come and experience the thrill of fucking you over and over again, and we don&#8217;t want that now do we.&nbsp; 
Just lay back open these sexy little legs and let them do their business without too much fuss. Then you will find the cannon ball up your arse so much more welcoming. Denise was a picture of revulsion, terror and degradation as Charlie continued wanking her off as he explained the rules to her

Your daughter is going to have absolutely no say in what is performed on her body; you on the other hand are going to do as you are told. I need your full corporation in your forfeit for the entertainment value.
Unless you can always co-operate fully in your actions I will make sure that your daughter dies a thousand deaths before she dies: co-operate and she will get of lightly. 
When Denise begged for mercy he explained there were plenty of extra tasks he could subject her daughter to besides having her vagina and anus, impaled, fucked, and filled with monkey jihism, that were all within the viewers mandate. 

Please, what you want me to do! Said Dennis, racked with guilt and remorse for what she had led her daughter into. 
 She knew it was no good begging for her release, she knew the rules are better than that. But if she could give the crowd what they wanted which was, rich debauched fun then possibly Chelsea would suffer less. 
Charlie said I have a few extra tasks that I want you to do, give me any problem and I will have that young lady entertaining your quota of apes as well as her own, between her legs to increase the entertainment value. 
Okay. Okay! Begged Denise, even though she had no idea what was to come. 

 Satisfied he was going to have some fun with the older bitch, Charlie waved the extras dressed as police to positioned Denise. 
He had absolutely no intention of leaving Chelsea are out of the fun, she was much to much the star of the show to just get couple of animals bonking her. 
But it would be nice to see the her mother doing anything he felt like making her do in the hope it would help her daughter especially as the older cow was going to wiggle, scream, jiggle and die anyway. And he had a lot of extra entertainment planned.
 After all she would have no option but to comply if the computer forced her. But to do that he had to stay within the rules much better to make her do it voluntary so making the shame and degradation much more entertaining 

But first, the cow had a bottom-smacking coming then she could do a bit of begging and he got her to fill her mouth with assorted monkey cum direct from the animal&#8217;s sperm factory outlet. Not only one but every last one of them, one by one. 

Chelsea had not been placed in the cage as things could be organised quite quickly, she was helped crying weeping but still not able to talk, to a birthing chair that had been brought on stage and made to sit tight in the chair. 
Then her legs were raised by two grinning hostess who had no problem though Chelsea was desperately within trying to escape.

Then once she had her legs clipped to the holders slowly, a very slowly shrieking, begging Chelsea, much to her distress, had her long slim legs gently slid apart so access could be obtained to her soon to be, monkey plucked, genitals and guerrilla sodomised anus

While this was happening a shocked and devastated Dennis allowed herself to be led to a set of bars that was to be her whipping position and under the threat of more pain to Chelsea forced herself to stand still while the two blonds cuffed her ankles to the stand.

 She weep bitterly when told to lean over the bar and in this was helped by two hostess who grabbed her dark arms and strongly pulled her hard forwards, so insuring that when she was secured to the floor in front, ensuring her backside was as taut as it could be.

Then with Chelsea weeping and pleading by the side of her, with her backside nicely positioned, great pains was taken so that her genitals were fully on view,
Slowly but remorselessly her legs were dragged apart so that all her charms were nicely displayed so her the viewer could get a mental image of just what was going to be suffering violent illicit pleasure from a monkey's penis. 

Again, the unfortunate woman had her genitals played with one of the hostess&#8217;s deliberately kneeing between her spread limbs and licking and sucking in preparation for the monkey&#8217;s attention. 
Denise shrieked in horror as she felt something wet between her legs, believing that the monkey was already about to rape her. Charlie knew that when the time came for her to properly indulge in carnal intercourse with the animal she would almost be out of her mind.&nbsp; 

 But first, that backside needed a good attending to. Nodding to the hostess he got out of the way just in time for the cane to come whistling down and Denise started her shrieking session for the viewer
Now close together the two blacks, mother and daughter were showing their all to the viewers. 

But things still not ready for the forfeit to start so a male helper approached Chelsea and gave her a little taste of what it was going to be like to be held immobile while some monkey thrust their hard Dick repeatedly inside her Virgina.

 Normally Chelsea would have found it invigorating but held immobile she found it horrifying and degrading.&nbsp; 
Then when her mother stared screaming and begging as her backside was viciously caned she almost fainted in the degradation of it.

Dennis tied tightly, was finding a caning not to her liking and although the first 20 her bottom wobbled and shook as much as her position allowed as her arse cheeks danced and quivered to the tune of the cane. Each time the cane came out whistling down, she screeched and begged enchantingly
Then a halt was called, not in mercy but so she could get a reminder that she was going to get her cunt fucked and definitely not in a romantic way.
Like Chelsea, she was rutted impassionedly by one of the shows studs, before her bottom got its next round of punishment. At the next pause at 40 strokes her anus was filled and fucked 
Chelsea by this time had been host to six guys; three up her fanny, three using her arse for relief.

Then when Dennis had had 60 cut across her arse, she was released to be allowed to recover a little as the program went to an extended advert break.
 Not Chelsea though she was kept hard at work entertaining anybody who felt randy.&nbsp; 

When the camera came back on, Chelsea was still being rammed but her mother slightly relaxed by the medication was sitting taut but still weeping and not looking ecstatic. 
Suddenly Denis shot to her feet with a loud shriek as the first of her lovers came into the studio led by a helper 
 
God it&#8217;s horrible. Please don&#8217;t let it anywhere near me please! The Orang-utan had not helped Denise composer, as it was as hot as hell and its bright red penise ready and rampant 
Don&#8217;t you like it, said her tormentor Charlie, If you want we can let it make its ardour cool by letting if have first crack at Chelsea, that not prohibited as long as she enjoys the attentions of the two gorillas after, I'm sure the audience wont complain.

Chelsea&#8217;s body did not move but stayed relaxed and steady under computer control but her face and eyes said it all, She didn&#8217;t fancy her mothers paramour either, but she had didn&#8217;t have the option of saying no. If the compare added it to her repertoire then its cock would jiggle inside as extra amusement value. 

 Now Denise I think its time we got down to a little action. However even monkeys like a little foreplay. If you would like to go down on it and give it a little head I'm sure the monkey will appreciated it by coming in your mouth. Bend down and give the big ape a little suck time on his prick. 
 
Oh God no. Not that, protested Denise, I can't, I won't, and got a strap across her still very sore arse for her pains. Ok then lets see how Chelsea enjoys a prelim encounter. grinned the compare
Then remembering that it was that or Chelsea would enjoy its attention, she forced herself to submit

Dennis tried to force herself to kneel in front of the randy beast, but had to have gentle help from the control, which slowly weakened her knees till her legs gave way, and she collapsed in front of the beastly weapon. 

Charlie again quietly, out of earshot of the mic. reminded her that she would to do it or he would unleash its passion on Chelsea.
Slowly and with deep misery Dennis lowered her head until she was staring at her next meal nestling deeply in the&nbsp;&nbsp; fur. 
 Still she resisted, desperately trying to overcome her revulsion and loathing at what she was being asked to do.

Charlie was patient. He only viciously kicked her welted arse a couple of time before with a wailing sob Dennis opened her mouth and buried her face in the ape&#8217;s bald genitals.
 She could be heard to be weeping soundly even as she savoured ape cock for the first time
Once it was in though, when it did not matter, the computer took control of her mouth mainly to stop damage to the ape.
The ape was under control as well just in case it felt the same disgust that Dennis felt and ripped of her head. While that was acceptable, it spoilt the scenario and the entertainment value.
 
It did not take long for the ape to eject, as the compare said it had been a long, long time, and sensing the coming eruption Denise had her mouth pulled back a little, but her tongue stayed working so the viewer could see the jet of jisam that she had to cope with.
It was colossal and Denise had to have more control to cope with the volume. Like a beer drinker swallowing a pint, her throat was held open and she gulped while she gasped panicked and swallowed.
 
Good brew is it, quipped the compare. Then to the crowed. Isn&#8217;t she a brave girl to try something new and arranged for the next Monkey to be brought in for Denise to devour it&#8217;s cum.

Chelsea in the meantime was not work shy. One of the stagehands was given the job of keeping her occupied and he did it in a simple way. Just by standing in front of her exposed genitals and opening his flies as if going to pee, however as it was ready and rampant that was not possible so, aiming at the centre of Chelsea virgina, leaned on his prick and used her to cum in.

Chelsea had no option but to allow, with her legs held immobile in the chair, at just the right height and her arms held by computer all she could do is shudder and that she did with horror. Though she was not allowed to speak she mewed pitifully and awfully while her eyes said it all. Popping out like organ stops as she tried to blot the whole horrible ordeal from her mind. 

To make sure that did not happen one of the hostess gently stroked her hair and reminded her that the ape fellow that was going to do her as per the forfeit. It had a dick much more passionate than this lad and a gorillas body temperature is a whole lot higher than a humans so it would feel very warm as it filled her orifice.
 
And to remind her that she only had about 20 minutes to live before her body parts were blow all over the studio she ran a finger round her arse, telling her that the cannon ball would fit just about right. 
It most properly would not kill her immediately, the body was a resilient thing, but she certainly would not shit or fuck again ever, and only live long enough to see her mothers bottom fucked with a grapefruit sized cannon ball before thing went black for good. &#8230;. Have A Nice Day!

In the meantime, the other seven apes were waiting on stage for Denise&#8217;s attention, sobbing bitterly and trembling violently; the now pitiful wretch did what the show organisers wanted. Her mouth dribbling monkey come she moved on to the next. To keep her active, from time to time the grinning hostesses gave her bottom a good slap of the strap, egging her on with crude comments, and jokes.&nbsp; Making sure, she did a thorough job by pushing her head firmly down
Only when all eight had come in her mouth was she allowed to be sick.&nbsp; 

 While this had been going on Chelsea&#8217;s new boyfriend had been introduced to her and allowed her to shriek but not avoid several passionate French kisses. As each one slobbered around her lips, her shrieking increased in sound level and frenzy. After the passionate introduction the animal was led to stand between her wide spread legs
The Ape was now ready for Chelsea. the animal gave Chelsea a vicious roar, and proceeded to ram the bitch hard between the legs in an attempt to impregnate her. 
Chelsea&#8217;s body shook in spasms, her face, shrieked; fear disgust and terror as the monkey rammed its short fat thick penis in and out of her already abused love tube
 The crowd in the auditorium roared its approval, shouting: give the bitch one, Shove it up her, she is loving it, along with Cry! Baby cry! 

Immediately it had finished it was Denise turn to accommodate a monkey&#8217;s penis between her legs.&nbsp; However, she wasn&#8217;t going to get away so lightly. The dog baboon that had been chosen as her first mate, wanted a little loving, and grabbed hold of Denise and pushed its face into hers and tried to bite her. 
Charlie tried to pacify a scared and terrified Denise by saying. You don&#8217;t you want a kiss and cuddle then. You&#8217;d better otherwise, it will eat you alive.&nbsp; 

 A sobbing Denise forced herself to give the horrible almost human face a kiss before laying down, in the missionary position ready for the unnatural mating 
The ape determined to get its end up between Denise&#8217;s legs, wasted no time in leaping upon the poor naked wretch that was due to be shagged as a forfeit. It hadn't had a fill of cunt for several weeks and it went at Denise like a rutting bull. 
 And the crowd love it, as Denise shrieked as loud as her daughter, but much more entertaining as she was free to thrash about in horror, her the long dark legs, kicking in terror and disgrace as she was fucked hollow. 

Again, the monkey came quickly, but Denise was to get no respite. As soon as the gibbering monkey had vacated her lap, she was hauled up by her arms, and thrown forward on to her knees, so her bottom was nicely positioned for her to get the next piece of monkey meat straight up between the cheeks of her arse. 
And did Denise entertain the crowd, she shrieked she howled, she wept, she begged, and she still jiggled her body in horror, and waggled her black head as her bum was violently sodomised. 
. 
Charlie by this time was introducing Chelsea to the joyous experience of having a gorilla poke hard and long, thick dick up her bum. 
If Chelsea thought having a human prick pushed up her anus was horrific enough, she soon changed her mind as the ape, screamed at her in passion between her legs, then rammed her hard up the anus. 
The computer held her body still, but her shoulders, head, face shrieked, and embarrassment at being shagged in public. Horror at what was doing her, as her whole body shrank in defilement. Very soon watching viewer got a close-up of monkey cum oozing out of her arse. 
 
Wanting to keep the action coming fast and furious, he then had Chelsea&#8217;s head held, while a monkey's penis was pushed deep into her throat, then with a hostess holding her long black hair, she was forced to masturbate with her mouth, the monkey that had just rammed her up the arse. The computer making sure the monkey stayed in position while she sucked him off. 
Again while her body could thrash and shriek, her head, mouth and throat, were completely automated, to make sure she gave no trouble to the show and her mouth received it forfeit. 

20 minutes later, both women had been wholly filled in all orifices with monkey cum, Chelsea entertaining one sitting on her chest, while she gave head, as another poked her vagina full of jisam. 
While all this had been going on two brass cannons had been brought onto the stage, a plastic screen had been placed by the side of the stage, to catch the blood and entrails that would soon be exploding. 

Denise was the first to be positioned, dragging her, now exhausted but whimpering to the brass cannon muzzle, her bottom was coated with superglue and her buttocks pressed hard against the cold metal holding them firmly without Computer Control for her coming steel sodomiseing
Then she was traditionally held by ropes around her arms and legs, pulling her limbs back in a bow, so her pussy was pointing upwards at 45 degrees. 
There she was left whimpering her bottom cringing at the thought of what was going to explode up its cavity.&nbsp; 

 Young Chelsea was next; soon both females were ready for a steel buggering.&nbsp; She was allowed to squeal entertainingly as she felt the cold steel barrel pressed against her arse then to the crowd&#8217;s amusement was made to reach round and caress it erotically as if waiting for its steely penetration. 

 The crowd's attention was drawn to their fate by a long drum roll, then ceremoniously one of the hostess's walked up to the canon with a lighted taper, but first the treat she had in mind. 
Walking past the canon, she approached each begging terrified female and set light to their pubic hair. Both girls suddenly became alive as their monkey fucked pussy, still oozing ape cum fizzled in the air. 
Chelsea shrieked the loudest, though Denise&#8217;s was not far behind. With both girls now brought back to alertness the hostess went about her official duty

Then to another drum roll, she plunged the taper, into the blowhole of the cannon, and with a loud Boom, Chelsea's gave one long shriek which gurgled to nothing as her lower body splattered the sheet on the other side of the stage. 
Her upper-body swung sideways hanging on one undamaged rope,&nbsp; She did not die immediately as her brain still had 20 seconds of oxygen left. And 20 seconds can be a long time to die. Her eyes rolled sideways just in time to see her mother's loins follow hers across the stage, and splatter the plastic sheet. 
Almost all of Denise&#8217;s body sprayed across the stage and she died at the same time as her daughter. In disgrace


&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 7
The compare started the new session of the game show by sharing as promised some of the highlights from previous shows. 
The first shots was a famous one of Sylvia winning 16 million Credit's as she worked away up to level 10, risking death and destruction on her way to the top. 
Other shots showed her relief and enjoyment at getting such as huge prize entirely through her own hard work and effort. 
Several other contestants were shown winning fame and prestige and a whole programme was on an uplifted note. 
&nbsp; 
However, the organisers did not play down risks that each contestant took each time they went for a question especially above level six. 
Again, a favourite was shown.&nbsp; The image is a contestant a young American about 18 years old was attempting to improve her life. 
Successfully she answered six difficult questions.&nbsp; However, on the question seven she failed spectacularly. 
Egged on by the quizmaster, she went for a question on American culture, and being so confident specified high level in her answer, her reward and forfeit. 
&nbsp; 
The quiz-master knowing he had her, slowly repeated the question, deliberately squeezing every last ounce of drama. 
The young woman was finished; he just enjoyed playing with her.&nbsp; Pity really.&nbsp; So far, with so much already achieved if she hadn't have been greedy she would have had it made. 
Nice clothes, nice lifestyle and over two million credits sitting in the bank earning her enough to live on for the rest of her life.&nbsp; 

Now he was going to have the pleasure of devastating her and it wasn't going to be pleasant.&nbsp; At least for her.&nbsp; He was going to enjoy every minute of it. 
Before the program started, he had attended a conference where the show's progress, profitability, and entertainment value evaluated. 
One of the complaints from viewers was that the show was sometimes slow.&nbsp; The people that watched this particular channel devoted to the failures, wanted to see people pay their forfeit, and reviled in their misery.&nbsp; 
The simple message was speed up things and give the audience something to watch while the set was changed, or adapted for the next forfeit. 
That night, after watching videos he had a brilliant idea.&nbsp; Now Crystal was going to part of it. 
 
Being a level six contestant, she had wisely after seeing question dropped to a low level forfeit but she had still crossed that so critical threshold in which if she failed, her carcass was dead meat. 
However this young lady was exquisite, he had not seen such a beautiful, sweet skinned face sitting on such a beautiful pair of breasts for a long time, and it would be a pity to destroy it.
Well hopefully she would be around for a long time and be part of a collection that would be admired the world over. 

As she was only just on the border line and at a low risk.&nbsp; This time the viewer only had two choices. 
1.&nbsp; They could have her put to death, but in a civilized way
2 They could condemn her to a life of degradation and misery.&nbsp; 
Put like that the vote went to number two, the viewer hated a happy ending.&nbsp; The compare then announced that Crystal would be the start of a collection, that the company was putting together and would be held until there were five others and then they would be introduced in a special ceremony to be held this time, this place, next week.&nbsp; 

Turning to the camera, he announced that Crystal would be held drugged for the next week so as not to traumatize her before her coming ordeal. 
The camera then closed in on Crystals weeping terrified face as a technician approached with a syringe and baring her full exquisite pale ivory breasts, full, round and pert as only a teenager&nbsp;&nbsp; breasts could be
 And deliberately jabbed it in the nipple.&nbsp; Well aware that it would hurt like hell, and expecting and got a satisfying howl of pain.&nbsp; . 
The camera cut as a crying miserable Crystals lumped sideways, her tits being lewdly massaged by the quiz-master.&nbsp; 

It was the full week before she came to her senses again, her body felt weird, and as her head cleared she tried to ease the ache in her legs which didn't seem to belong to her, she seemed to be sitting in a wooden box that came up to her&nbsp;&nbsp; neck. She was horrified to realise she was naked and tried to make sense of her surroundings.&nbsp; 

Suddenly her gamble with fate came back to her, along with memories of her failing, tears welled in her bright blue clear eyes, which focused to see that she was back in the stage of the studio and seemed to be sitting along with five other fashion model looking teenage girls encased from the neck down.&nbsp; All seem to be exhibited with their heads poking through a elaborately decorated platform ,from a two holes below,&nbsp; poked her naked breasts

&nbsp; On stage in front of her was a weeping youth about her age who was bent double completely naked from the waist down and the bottom he stuck it in the air was being sodomised by an black male who was ramming him hard. 
 While this was happening one of the very attractive hostess knelt at his crutch, sucked, and manipulated his cock and testicles.&nbsp; The poor kid seemed quite distressed, as by the look from the splattering on the floor that this wasn't the first time he had been coerced to shoot his lot.&nbsp; 

It expired that he had been awarded a level five high-level forfeit of being sodomised that only ceased when he had ejaculated 10 times.&nbsp; And by the look of a distress, it had been hard work.&nbsp; And she watched the young lad shook in pain as his throbbing balls were emptied for the 10th time. 
 She then cringed as the hostess produced a knife and slowly emasculated him, taking off completely his penis complete with his testicle bag.&nbsp; He must have been drugged in some way as he didn't scream and there was little blood.&nbsp; He just stared mesmerised as the knife cut off his manhood.&nbsp; . 
The boy was then taken off stage. 

Charlie introduced Crystal and reminded the viewers that she had been kept comotosed in custody since last week and to remind them of the episode he had a replay quickly shown. 

Once the viewers were fully informed, he announced that the five other girls on their screens had also failed at a similar level. And would be sharing the forfeit with crystal
 The camera panned across showing, one after the other.
 A pretty brunette aged about 17, a adorable red head who looked as if she should have been with her mother. 
 A very cute round baby-faced blonde who could be no more than 14. A very cheeky faced blonde 18 year old and a long-faced high cheek boned teenager about 17 with bewitching red lips. 

As the camera zoomed back, showing the six girls looking apprehensive and tearful, Charlie explained that each of the girls had been awarded the same forfeit known as the" Head on a Stick" and proclaim them literally that. 
All six girls have been condemned to work out their for forfeit for the rest of their lives with only their charming heads and chest being exposed to the real world.&nbsp; The rest of their bodies had all been used as transplants

Charlie approached Crystals bemused eyes as she tried to comprehend exactly what was happening. She was shocked as Charlie bent down and poked her in the face with a large finger. As the finger approached, she was horrified to feel her lips part and her head move towards the digit. 
With a smile, Charlie placed his other hand on the top of her head and move it closer. Crystals eyes bulged in horror, as she felt her lips close mechanically around it.
 She was even more horrified when her throat muscles spontaneously started to draw and suck on the finger, like a baby at a feeding bottle teat.&nbsp; 
Watching the bemused girl face, he explained that for safety's sake, all of the six girls had had their front teeth removed, just leaving a gummy orifice. Their back teeth remained, stopping their mouths closing completely. 

This was the first time Crystals had experience the devastating feeling of her muscles being manipulated against her will. 
And she fought desperately as the computer went through its control sequence of making her mouth close and she felt to her horror her throat muscles contract and suck. 

He then waited while a very distressed Crystal slowly sucked and gobbled at his finger until it had disappeared up to the knuckle inside her mouth. 
He cheerfully joked, that this was a very nice warm orifice to be in. Much better than a mechanical head as this one was warm, moist and showed great passion. 

He then withdrew the finger, and wiping it on Crystal&#8217;s hair moved along the line of fixed heads, and selecting the very delectable 14 year-old blonde animated head, proceeded to demonstrate it's obvious use.

Opening the fly of his trousers, he popped out at not inconsiderable semi- erect penis. . 
The adolescent Baby face blonde let out a horrified shriek as she obliged by opening her mouth and felt her tongue flick out and lick the offending penis. Charlie closed his eyes, and sighed satisfaction. That's nice! That&#8217;s nice. 
She then obliged by sucking it into her pale delicate young face 

Charlie comically rolled his eyes in his head as he felt it slithering deep into the youngsters pale red lips. 
Even he didn't have to explain to the audience what happened next, as the computer took control of the unnamed, blonde, bit of cunt&#8217;s, neck, and made her rock her head backwards and forwards. 

What he did have to explain as she gently stroked her hair with his other hand was that this young lady had no need to breathe, as oxygenated, fortified blood was fed directly into her neck veins. Except for her chest, neck, and head she doesn&#8217;t exist. 
 She was now a perfect blow-job" Head on a Stick". Every time his cock would be drawn into it's full length. The youngster would have to get used to having pubic hair in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 She wouldn't retch, she would not dribble and best of all she wouldn't be allowed to stop. A bit like, but much better than an active human vacuum cleaner.
And as to demonstrate deliberately pushed his now fully aroused penis deep into the girls neck, and simpered as the young bitch was forced to suck the whole complete length of his penis. 

Too further demonstrate her use, he clicked his fingers so the blondes mouth gaped wide and putting a hand around the back of the blonde head, pulled it forward so that the young juvenile not only swallowed his cock. 
But got a very full mouthful of his testicles, which she then proceeded to suck and manipulated with her lips and tongue. 
Charlie with his crutch pushed hard against the 14 year-olds mouth shagged it violently, it was obvious where his cock was going and he was actually shagging the girl in the throat. 

Try doing that to the wife, he quipped as he rammed his dick deep, not even caring that the blonde youngster was crying bitterly as she was forced to suck 
The blonde youngster, who had never even seen a man's penis until now felt as if she was choking, she was passed feeling surprised to feel her hands reach forward and stroke and caress the compares hairy backside. 
The girl named Caroline by her mother, felt her throat muscles aching intolerably. The computer sensing this distress, did what it had been programmed to do, which was to make her increase her exertions and suck more strongly. 
The quiz-master smiled gently and sadistically as he saw Caroline paying her forfeit with satisfying pain and extreme prolonged discomfort.&nbsp; And gently stroked a finger down the desperately working throat and with his fingers pumped her tits
Five minutes later young Caroline's mouth throat aching desperately was gagging involuntarily as cum spurted deep down her throat.


Flicking her out his very substantial cock, he approached Crystal&#8217;s naked torso and the computer conveniently opened her mouth while he gently inserted his penis. This was the first time Crystal had experienced the devastating feeling of being manipulated against her will. 
Crystalfought desperately as the computer went through its control sequence of making her mouth close and she felt to her horror her throat muscles contracts in a sucking motion.&nbsp; 
 Her neck muscles contracted involuntarily, and Crystal was horrified to feel the cock being drawn deeper into her mouth
As he stroked her head gently with his other hand the compare explained that Crystal now had no need to breathe, the air going direct to her brain
 Because she no longer need to breath or swallow, any penis could be pushed far into her throat no matter how long, and every time she performed, she would kiss her tormentors pubic hair 

She wouldn&#8217;t choke, she wouldn&#8217;t retch, she wouldn&#8217;t dribble, and she wouldn&#8217;t be allowed to pause:&nbsp; life for her now would be just one long head nodding suck.&nbsp; A bit like, but much better than a active human vacuum-cleaner
 Withdrawing his cock he stroked the now weeping, crying, so, so wretched gorgeous, clear skinned adolescent face
Reaching out he caressed and manipulated the very attractive pert breasts sitting underneath Crystal&#8217;s face, and reached down and kissed and slobbered lewdly, the now desperately trying to scream, models red painted lips.&nbsp; 
 
 With each centimetre ingested, Crystal&#8217;s face got more desperate, as her eyes started to pop, the computer allowing for the fact that her throat was new to its task.
 However, once it had been fully ingested it made young teenager take it in all the way every stroke. 
 For a experiment, the quizmaster made Crystal swallow his balls. The programme making sure they were a caressed by crystals soft tongue and once the those soft lips had caressed them he decided to leave them, enjoying the pulsating feeling 

Feeling as if she was choking Crystal was horrified Crystals throat muscles started to ache dreadfully and computer sensing this, did as it had been programmed to do, made her increase its effort and suck more strongly.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
The quiz-master smiled gently and sadistically as he saw Crystal paying her forfeit with satisfying pain and extreme prolonged discomfort.&nbsp; And gently stroked a finger down the desperately&nbsp;&nbsp; working throat and with his fingers pumped her tits
Five minutes later Crystal&#8217;s mouth throat aching desperately was gagging involuntarily as cum spurted deep down her throat.&nbsp; 

Standing back he explained that all six girls would now be a regular feature on the show, housed a separate cubby-hole, any member of the studio audience could take advantage of this service offered, at any time before, during or directly after the show. 

He then invited six gentlemen who had been selected to demonstrate just how attractive this service would most probably be. 
He went on to explain that the girls would service anybody, and everybody, and the expected average would be one every six minutes.&nbsp; During the life of the three hour show each girl could expect to service 30 clients, As the show was on three times a day, the expected through put was 60 shots of sperm before during and after each show.&nbsp; A Grand total of 180 a day

 The beauty was that they didn&#8217;t required feeding, all the nutrients being contained in the fluid that was powering their brains, and he thoroughly revolted the audience by opening the cupboard below to show a clear glass jar that had a thin layer of jisam in the bottom that had tricked into it via a tube from the girl&#8217;s throat
Camera drew back on the shot that showed all six girls sucking avidly under computer control, their cute teenage heads bucking almost in unison as they sucked on the teat. 

The quizmaster then walked away explaining that this was a life sentence and the girls would spend a the rest of their life only consuming a liquid diet of jisam.&nbsp;&nbsp; . 
 Only fresh cum would pass through those cute gorgeous red lips.&nbsp; Though he did explain that if any girl was unfortunate to become unwell they would simply lop off her head
 The cameras would visit them from time to time during the programme as a interlude while the set was being changed.&nbsp; Showing courtesy and interest, in just how they were fulfilling their forfeit 

 Chapter 8
The scene faded and the shot changed to Cathy now naked and trembling as she sat in her cage waiting to undergo payment of her forfeit by first having her bottom attended to 
The eager crowd glued, waiting to see her first get her bottom smacked like the naughty girl she was then going to be forced to open her legs wide so 12 randy dogs could use the hole between to stimulate their canine penises inside her and ejaculate.&nbsp; 

But not yet, first the adverts then another archive shot of another spectacular forfeit payment The scene opened with a full length shot of a French Beauty who had dared to attain to high statues and failed. 
 
 She was splendidly dressed in a gorgeous virginal white wedding dress, complete with veil and matching Tiara.&nbsp; However, if you looked closely you could see why she was sitting so uncomfortably.&nbsp; 
Her panties had been removed and the skirt of her dress at the back had been crudely ripped open, so even though at first glance she looked a picture of radiance and beauty you could see the wedding dress was bunched around her bottom. 
 This was because her naked bottom was sitting on a cold marble slab and she was waiting terrified for the start of her wedding night. 
Failing at level 5, luckily she had decided that she would not gamble too high and specified low level and the crowd had taken to her charm and beauty and had decided intense embarrassment in a nice present setting should be her forfeit.&nbsp; Specifying specifically she should have her cherry popped delicately but very, very publicly 
Now she was waiting for her wedding, a huge public affair, but as yet did not know her bridegroom, as that would be decided by the viewers when a suitable candidate failed to answer correctly

Four other male contestants had carried on to higher levels or taken their winnings and withdrawn from the show. 
However, the next contestant a 65-year-old ugly, balding man was now sitting drawn faced as he struggled with a level 4 answer. 
 Suddenly Cathy knew who her bridegroom was to be and groaned audibly.&nbsp; He had a paunch as if pregnant and short fat legs.&nbsp; However, she knew she had no option but to rut with him.&nbsp; Just feeding thankful that she had judged the crowd's mood right.&nbsp; At level five, even though it was a low-level she could have been made to copulate with several different men. 

 The Gentleman chosen to be her bridegroom was given two options, make love to the Bride waiting in the cage or he could have his penis, delicately held and massaged and, would have it split length ways with a carving knife as soon as he ejaculated.&nbsp; 
A easy choice you would think but to take the icing off the cake he only had five minutes to complete the job and was to wear a condom made of chilli skins which would be no bother till either she wetted up or he came, at which point it would start to smart, itch, to burn, to hurt. 
&nbsp; 
If he was be unable to complete the consummation of the marriage and cream his bride in a time limit of 5 minutes, then the second forfeit would be acted on.&nbsp; 
 He would have his cock elegantly held by one very attractive giggling Hostesses while he was held frozen legs apart in rampant pose, while a second hostess pressed the sharp edge of a carving knife slowly down his prick, splitting it like a banana.&nbsp; 

Introduced, briefly to the bridegroom, the arranged marriage got underway, the attractive young lady / Bride, was made to bend over, open her legs and present a begging cunt to her lover.&nbsp; 
To make it a little more lewd, one of the hostesses popped her tits from the bodice of the dress and let them hang.&nbsp; And then while she was being banged from the rear tickling, stroking and caressing them, guaranteeing this would activate the chilli powder now coating the inside of her vagina
 
All this meant that when the sham bridegroom got between her legs he was terrified and attacked the job and the girls dry slit in frenzy 
She had been greased but her eyes bulged and popped as he shoved in and her head nodded like a donkey as he rutted her. 
 
You could see the effort in his eyes as he tried to beat the searing pain that was starting to erupt as she got a horrible, unwanted thrill from her shagging, unknown to her the chilli powder also thickly covered the outside
The bride held motionless by the electronics howled her discomfort but could do nothing to alleviate her distress though her upper body and tits wiggled and squirmed showing her distress.&nbsp; Her face showing complete torment, which was all the watching multitude needed to get their buzz knowing that her face was not only betraying raw emotion, but her cunt was getting hotter and hotter as the stimulation made her wet.

What better way to spend 30 minutes, as a nice diversion being entertained by the spectacle of a stunning, attractive girl being compulsorily and lewdly shagged in public?&nbsp; And complete satisfaction that the girl had howled and suffered intense anguish and most probably, it would never be able to fornicate again due to internal scarring
And so tastefully done, the girl made a perfect Bride. 
&nbsp; 

The Games were also used to decide if a girl was a virgin or sullied.&nbsp; As the hymen can rupture occasionally due to external reasons besides being fucked if a girl protested her purity, then she could as a last result participate in the Game Show, needing to get to level four before proving her case. 
&nbsp; 
The next clip of show memories showed an old favourite in this category, in which the young lady in question had failed at level four and was now dangled upside down from gold hooks, her legs stretched agonisingly wide apart by white satin ropes.&nbsp; 

She had failed to prove that her hymen had ruptured not from promiscuous sex but from horse riding that she loved, and was being punished for what was obviously frequent immoral sex 
Her slim lower body and sun-bronzed thighs fell exposed as the hem of her full fashion skirt slithered down to her waist. 
She screamed appalled as she felt the cold blade of the knife slide under the crotch of her panties.&nbsp; Her body shuddering in terror, as her last vestige of decency was cut and removed.&nbsp; Allowing the viewers to gaze at her light hair covered pussy 
&nbsp; 
Its job complete between her spread legs.&nbsp; The knife travelled down to caressed her full breasts and the sharp edge cut the cups of her dress away, exposing her mammary glands to public gaze.&nbsp; As the cloth was cut so it also scored the skin of her ivory sun kissed breasts. 

The viewer then had its say, the voting confined to destroying the lady's sex organs.&nbsp; The suggestions were from the viewer but selected for appropriateness by the show organisers.&nbsp; The object was to stop the young ladies obviously straying down the immoral path again.&nbsp; And the viewer decided what better way than to destroy the source of her shameful emotions.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; The viewer being given the choice of
&nbsp; 
To have a staving, wriggling rat inserted into the young bints shameful cunt to bit, scratch and ruin. 
To have acid poured into it 
To have it covered in hot scalding tar, which was then set alight.&nbsp; However there were conditions attached to all three
 If the pitch option were used then her full sensuous tits would be covered and set alight first, to be roasted on her chest. 
If rats or acid were chosen then her breasts to receive special lewd treatment from a blowlamp, her nipples heated until they shrivelled
A process many people would enjoy watching. 

All over the world, buttons were pushed and the voting board flashed angrily as the audience chose to drip feed her randy cunt with acid.&nbsp; The girl was suitably prepared. 

This was simply done by rigging up a plastic small barrel of sulphuric acid between her squirming legs and opening the tap a fraction, gravity then did the rest. 
However first her plump sexy breasts needed a lesson in decency.&nbsp; Large luscious tits that had been caressed in lust now they were about to get a taste of the Devils fiery kiss. 
&nbsp; 
Lighting the blowlamp so it hissed and spate fire in a long yellow flame the grinning Hostesses given the job of singeing her assets did a delightful job taking time to coat the large globular protrusions with pig fat.
Then lewdly massaging them until the nipples stuck out firm and hard on their firm luscious mounds, the captive girl pleading and begging but totally ignored 
With the girl, screaming for mercy she dutifully entertained the TV viewers to the sight of nipples reacting to extreme heat as she lightly flicked the flame gently across the hard nipples. 
The fine downy body hair that shone on her breast shrivelled and charred Ah!&nbsp; Aaaaaaaah!&nbsp; ...Yeeeeeaaarrrgghh!' the girls body bucking and twisting.&nbsp; The Hostesses grinned evilly and concentrated the hot, burning flame directly on the left nipple. 

Only a few seconds was necessary for the firm nipple to tighten, blacken and be converted into a weeping hardened blob on her tits.&nbsp; But first, it bubbled and blistered.&nbsp; Satisfied with the result the Hostesses switched the flame to the other, the right one getting similar treatment 
&nbsp; 
Her secondary characterise dealt with, the Hostesses reached up and deliberately, almost lovingly the tap on the barrel between her legs was turned to slowly trickle destructive acid deep into the Slappers body. 
The first drop had no effect on the now still, but moaning female but it ran down to sneak down inside the girls sex organ.&nbsp; Gradually the dangling young whore stirred as she felt, first a irritating, then a stinging in her intimate crevice.&nbsp; After caressing her tits, the Devil was going to eat her pussy. 
And eat it, it did, after 10 minutes of dropping slowly onto the tender flesh and with the tart screaming and wiggling as if in orgasm, the young lady was not only circumcised as required by law but had a fissure between her soft desirable sexy legs that a horse could have fucked without touching the sides.&nbsp; The cameras faded. 
&nbsp; 
 Chapter 9 
Cathy now sat waiting in a glass cage, engraved for effect with comic strip prison bars.&nbsp; Still fully dressed in her elegant white dress, the camera zoomed in on her slim, neat sophisticated body and her graceful, high-class, pleading, tearful face. 
Free from the glass podiums computers control, her elegant frame shook with emotion, alternatively becoming defiant and brave then lapsing into tears and pleading. 
 The camera panned to her soft juddering tits, then down to the hollow of her dress between her slim desirable legs, where she was going to get it. The final scenario decided 
Then sliding around, concentrated on the bulge of her dress at the back, which concealed a firm delightfully rounded derri&#232;re that was soon was going to experience plenty of stinging cuts of a thin, flexible rattan. 
&nbsp; 
She was now a part of the studio props.&nbsp; An object to entertain the viewer with, in three hours she would be no more.&nbsp; Any suffering was not going to be prolonged and once deceased she would not feel a thing.&nbsp; The viewer showed absolutely no empathy.&nbsp; To them it was like observing an animal being taken to the slaughter, they were seeing in their mind's eye&nbsp;&nbsp; the equivalent of a roast lamb dinner. 
&nbsp; 
All around her, off camera, activity was happening.&nbsp; In one corner the glass tank that contained the insects that would soon be crawling painfully inside that juicy cunt was being moved carefully into position. 
The door that led to the set was nearly knocked over by the frenzied bounding of 12 eager hounds that smelt a human bunk up. 
&nbsp; 
Trained in a similar fashion to the dogs used in the Ancient Roman Games by letting them lose on captive prostitutes until they got it right.&nbsp; Learning that humans could excite canine dicks. 
A role the now prostituted previous contestant Zoe would soon be allowing taking place rather than suffering painful electric shocks. 
The dogs were taught not just to treat a human female as a good bunk up, but to make slow sensuous love to them, Zoe would have tasty titbits placed in her orifices for the dogs to explore with their tongues before the apprentice canine sort out her cunt to have a revolting bunk -up in.
Before long, they could only react to human cunt and these young hounds had not had a good fuck for several weeks.&nbsp; Their behaviour showed that they knew that would be soon rectified and were eager to go.&nbsp; Several were already dripping cum from hard erect dicks that soon would be thrusting into the young Trollop imprisoned in the glass cage. 
&nbsp; 
The producer primed his crew and Cathy was dragged terrified from the cell to the podium.&nbsp; She went pulled on a rope around her bound hands head bowed, cowed, scared, miserable and mortified and placed on display, made to stand upright so her elegant body and assets could be meticulous studied and commented on by the viewer. 

She stood humiliated and miserable while the crowd admired her slim, trim body and salved, and lusted after over its painful destruction

Around the base were let in the baying hound and to even the most prudish of viewers could see that those dogs needed to urgently mount and screw the bitch on the podium. 
Several, in their eagerness to get inside her, tried to get up on the platform, one hugging and rubbing its dick on the edge in a revolting show of sexual frustration. 

Stripped by the Hostesses who were gentle but firm, undressing her to her underwear, they were then allowed a little fun with the contestant before she paid her appropriate forfeit. 
Producing an American paddle, they proceeded to comically spank her around the stage, the computer controlling, but not inhibiting her actions and distress.&nbsp; Dragging the half naked woman to the centre stage.

 One of the hostesses stood in front of the lonely terrified figure and grinning approach the young woman and reached out a hand and slowly sensually stroked her cunt, saying in a seductive voice to a terrified Cathy. 
 "You look very sexy in your bra and panties, a awful lot of people wanted to screw you, in spite of this, Looking down at the hounds baying round the podium.&nbsp; Let's leave it to the little Doggies to fuck the life out of you.&nbsp; 
 How many is it to be, 12 good animated humps?&nbsp; You really will be a Human Bitch. 
 
 Cathy just stared at her, she hadn't even really taken in the fact she had failed and all her ambitions were over it, without even contemplating the fact that she was going to be gang-banged by dogs.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Therefore, she was still acted scandalised when the hand moved around from vilely caressing her pussy, to gently rubbing her cute backside.&nbsp; 
But first young lady we're to give you a "Good Hiding", ever seen one of these, or better to still felt it? 
No please, begged Cathy looking at the wooden paddle the woman was tapping in the hand.&nbsp; Now Cathy don't be silly, bend forward, put your hands on your knees, and stick out your bottom, everybody is waiting for you to get a nice agonising spanking.&nbsp; 
The crowd loved it when the Chic half naked Cathy was shown the paddle and she panicked and turned to escape. 
But with the computer controlling her legs, she only managed to half-turn her body and being held taut and bending forward in thwarted motion, presented a lovely well deserved target of her tight, prim panty clad bottom, which was then soundly and crudely whacked. 
 
To the viewer it looked comical, the "Splat" sound echoing around the studio.&nbsp; To the young woman being paddled it stung like hell, it would bruise later, but by that time, it would not matter&nbsp;&nbsp; her arse would be dissolving in some insect mouth parts 
She reacted in the time honoured way by shooting her hands back, bucking her bottom forward while throwing back her head and yelling obscenities.&nbsp; Aaahhhh "Fuck", "Fuck", "Fuck" 
Several times, she was chased around the stage and at the appropriate moment computer frozen, presented and whacked with the paddle. 
Released from the control she fled to the edge of the podium where the computer made her turn and under light computer control crept weeping, and cringing towards a beckoning finger waggled by one smirking Hostesses. 
When near, the Hostesses twilled her finger and the apprehensive young woman was turned and made to, present and hold the traditional slightly bent forward position 
This time the assistant Hostesses took her time and gently and tantalisingly pulled down the back of the young desperately pleading tarts panties. 
While her pale downy cunt was still decently concealed, her now scarlet coloured rump pouted out of her underwear at the rear. 
After taking time in stroking it tenderly, the other grinning charming helper understandably slowly raised her paddle right above her head and gave it an extra hard whack using all her considerable strengths to make sure she really hurt her
Free again to move she howled, bucked, squeezed her eyes shut and gritted her teeth in agony 
Then it was back to the chase for several more stinging, unsympathetic whacks to her delectable rump. 
 
The fun over, one of the hostesses caught her by the ear and like a naughty school girl dragged her bending, half naked in her bra and panties, stumbling, weeping and pleading to get her bottom properly smacked 
This was to be a grim, serious affair.
 In the centre of the glass podium, the Hostesses/Prefect continued to steadily pull on her ear until she yelled and yielded, assuming the traditional school girl caning position, hands touching her toes, slim body slightly slopping down, and bottom proud and vulnerable. The computer gripped her tight
Then walking behind her briskly and efficiently gripped the hem of her panties, pulling them down below her knees, exposing a firm red&nbsp;&nbsp; but swollen bottom that was soon to feel terrible pain and with her juicy cunt peeping mischievously between her legs.&nbsp; A cunt that was soon going to be so delightfully abused. 

The camera zoomed in between her legs, giving the excited crowd the view they wanted.&nbsp; A tight virgin Cunt that soon would be paying the price of failing by being prised open in revolting lust.&nbsp; The caning considered secondary by most to the appalling but very watchable and fascinating invasion of her genitals she would soon be getting from various animals and insects.&nbsp; Though it would-be very pleasant to watch her squirm her delectable body

Not that Cathy waiting to be caned near naked thought so.
The caning, and its associated agony was coming at this moment, the tickling/biting invasion of her private parts was in the future.&nbsp; She trembled in fear, humiliation, terror and shame as she felt 20 million viewers minutely inspect her genitals and comment on their future state after paying the forfeit and whether really she should have been used by a human before being animal shagged. 
The opinions seemed to differ.&nbsp; Some saying it was better she was never experienced a normal human dick giving her sensations; others wanting the whore to be utterly degraded by a human rapist before suffer the horrible indignity of having her cunt used by 12 ranting; salving sexually frustrated dogs.&nbsp; That way she could compare the two emotions&nbsp; 
The Hounds at the base sensing human cunt to fuck increased their padding back and forth. 

The Quizmaster mindful of the entertainment value sadistically left her to stew while the adverts came on during which he took advantage of the young lady's predicament and had fun shagging her like a dog, not to ejaculate but to intensify her feeling of abuse and horror and to take her virginity without pleasure
To this end as soon as they were back on air to heighten viewer expectations he had the one of the stunning sexy hostess first hold back the outer lips of Cathy vagina with a finger and thumb so that the pink interior could be surveyed by the camera 
Then to increase the woman's embarrassment the Hostesses worked her fingers so the fleshy organ gaped opened and shut, mouthing, "Fuck me" to the camera.&nbsp; Cathy squirmed in mortification, He then had one of the Hostesses caress, slowly and sensually insert a fat long dildo and fuck her to an organism.
All this being done in a very impersonal way, she was a prop to be prepared for best entertainment value.&nbsp; Anyway, they meant to use her to the full to entertain the crowd that sucked in every indignity done to Cathy to enrich their tedious lives.
 
The pantomime over the Quizmaster picked up the cane and measured it against the now red and scarlet cheeks of the girl he was going to flog, While remembering the warning not to draw blood, he was sufficiently practised in his favoured sport to know just how hard to cane the bitch.
 
The first stroke landed tight across the young contestants superb thighs, just above the area that lurked the cunt that was to be molested and destroyed.&nbsp; Cathy lost it; the pain was so intense as the cane welted the most sensitive area on a girls bottom.
She never believed such pain existed; the paddling had been agony but a different pain, more of a burning sting.&nbsp; The originators of hitting a girl with a stick had discovered a method of introducing pain like no other, it burnt, it stung, it bit and hurt like hell, as Cathy was finding out.
The quizmaster took his time smacking the woman's bum cheeks.&nbsp; He wanted her to feel every stroke and he was very successful in achieving it 
The next he cut upwards so her soft fleshy bottom took the full force, Cathy let out a scream that while muted by the control still amply demonstrated that she was not partial to being caned on her bottom.
 
Slowly and methodically, he raised Cathy's bottom from a scarlet colour flush to a red welted contorted bottom that at first wriggled and danced to the tune of the rattan that was being applied vigorously to it.&nbsp; Th-Whack- Aaahhhhaaaa, TH-WHACK.&nbsp; Aaahhhhaaaa!&nbsp; TH-WHACK.&nbsp; Aahhhaaa 
As the number of cuts increased she tired slightly but at the fiftieth she as still very mobile and was losing control of her bodily function. 
Her head was constantly moving as she tried to accommodate the agony in her lower body.&nbsp; Her arms moved in distress as her feet danced on the floor
The computer control let her pee and the viewers giggled as she made a puddle on the floor but to shit was not felt decorous to the event so was left inside as ant food.&nbsp; All that happened was her belly strained but her anus stayed shut.
 
At the fiftieth stroke, a rest was allowed while her genitalia was prodded, probed and stimulated.&nbsp; Making Cathy squirm and wriggle her gorgeous slim young body in a parody of delight as the quizmaster watched with grinning enjoyment.&nbsp; She would really go into delirium once the dogs climbed up her and the doggy gang bang started.

With one Hostesses kneeling at the woman's breast, slobbering, and sucking the sensuous flesh played with her hanging globes of desire, four of the dogs were let onto the stage to acclimatise the young woman into the role of Human Bitch.&nbsp; Running around her baying excitedly and being allowed to taste the juices leaking from the unfortunate woman's sex orifice.&nbsp; This behaviour seemed to unsettle poor Cathy
One was allowed to mount her in rehearsal climbing up her stooping body doggy wise but not actually impaled her on its strongly rampant member.
The computer increased her distress by playing with her emotions.&nbsp; Her cunt lining tingled so she actually felt lust towards the Canine looking to spurt doggie cum inside her.&nbsp; In her mind, she was suffering gibbering revulsion as the computer made her body shake in an anticipated orgasm
Viewing figures were shooting up as the audience gathered to lust and masturbate of over the erotic spectacle of a refined sophisticated young woman being mounted, screwed and made to orgasm as each of the 12 Randy, excited hounds had their way with her.
 
The interval over the caning continued, Cathy had recovered slightly, which was the idea.
In the rest period, she had lain inert, dazed, moaning and distressed, feeling her bottom throbbing with agony.&nbsp; The abuse her vagina had received had been distressing and humiliating but a welcome relief from the pain of being caned but the sham doggy rutting had left her frantic and hysterical.
She had often laughed embarrassed to the core if a randy dog had even come close to sniffing the cunt between her legs.&nbsp; Now she was going to have to let it not only smell her cunt but also let 12 of them mount her and make ardent, repulsive love to her. 
 
However, her caning had a long way to go.&nbsp; Her backside was covered in red welts but while sore was not cut and the abused flesh could easily take fifty more, carefully aimed, timed extra strokes.&nbsp; The quizmaster aiming the whippy rattan so the whole of her cute bottom was red but not raw.&nbsp; He grinned as he portrayed in his mind the discomfort she would be feeling while sitting&nbsp; seemingly snug on a painful and still stinging bottom while being shagged revoltingly by her canine lovers.
Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; The rattan caressed up and down her buttocks raising the pain she felt to an intolerable level.&nbsp; She bucked, screeched, shrieked and howled as the computer held her curved, fingers locked onto her toes. 
Her head shaking as if in disbelief and terror, the face a depiction of pain and misery as her rear was smoothly repositioned, held steady for the next dose of pain
Too soon for the quizmaster, who loved caning bottoms she was ready for part 2 of her forfeit
 
 To this end it had been arranged that she be offered reposing in a lounger, her long slim legs resting on a foot stool parted but not lewdly so.&nbsp; Her long slender carcass dressed for amorous effect in sexy underwear and held loose and relaxed by the always authoritarian computer.&nbsp; Her young unsullied cunt shaved and aromatically oiled but left exposed and waiting under the panties
However, her extremities were unrestrained to allow her to exhibit the sensations and emotions she was feeling as her Canine lovers set about shagging the arse off her
 
So that explicit shots of her cunt as it was fucked by the dogs could be transmitted to the viewer, all sizes of hound and positions had been arranged. 
Tender love
The first was a passionate love scene in which the woman would receive her doggy incarnation lover as the dog cuddled her, lying sensually on her lap and slobbered all over her face while it madly humped its bottom and plunged its prick between her legs and ultimately creams her cunt.&nbsp; The camera under her legs capturing in full glorious detail the moment she was wed
&nbsp; Back to back
The in-reverse position in which the dog backs up and its prick was held by one of the charming hostesses and guided backwards between the dogs legs into its pussy receptacle.&nbsp; The dog then humps the girl frantically until it shoots its bestial lot . usual but means that the action can be watched easily
Bottoms up
The doggy position which was the traditional and so prized by the viewers as it was so degrading, in which the Human bitch would repose bending forward while the dogs bang her from behind, fucking her bottom distressingly well as ramming her succulent cunt. 
&nbsp; A dangerous position but comic as the dogs lovers knot which expands as the dog shoots his lot is well into the woman&#8217;s pussy and it inevitably will swell enormously holding her tight to her lover while the dog&nbsp; frantically tugs at his prick Cathy would find it very painful and distressing. If as planned Cathy gets it up the arse first, she will have piles till she dies
Help for the&nbsp; disadvantaged
The other position was in which small exited dogs were held between her legs by a smirking Hostesses and allowed to poke its small prick between her legs and up her tight bottom and after cuming its little lot, encouraged to pee inside and on the now well dog shagged human bitch.
 
All was ready with Cathy being led to the lounger and compelled to relax, flaunt, and pose excited covetousness.
The scrabble and noise from the released dogs eager to get cunt was a spectacle in itself.&nbsp; Each fighting to get its end away up the terrified slut before the other.
However, training paid off and a big Labrador was chosen to give the Bitch one between her composed calm parted legs, her Pussy acting as a beacon. 
 
 While Cathy&#8217;s hips lay ready and waiting, the rest of her was having hysteric as she saw and envisage the horror on four legs coming to have sex with her.&nbsp; To rape her unresponsive body. 
To the voyager on the box it was sheer heaven.&nbsp; It was obvious the attractive bitch was loathing every moment of her ordeal even the more so in that 20 billion people could see her shame, disgust and revulsion as a public spectacle. 
Mounting the trembling, traumatised young woman between her parted legs, the Labrador first stopped to have a meal at the gapping cunt lifting the edge of the loose panties aside with his cold nose. 

 
One of the hostesses stood by her head like a caring nurse and stroked her head in sympathy at the degrading ordeal Cathy was being forced into: like a midwife consoling a new mother in her labour.&nbsp; 
However, the eagerness of wanting to see her patient dog fucked showed plainly visible on her hot glowing face as her charge twitched and wiggled in horror as the slobbering tongue&nbsp; slobbered around her cunt.. . 
 
When as trained the dog jumped up on to the couch and licked her slowly and passionately around the lips, pushing his face close so she could smell his animal bred, her body went rigid when their computer opened her mouth and theirs tongues met in a passionate, wet French Kiss.. 
 Though she kept her face in position, her eyes cried out in revulsion as first of the canine body fluids flooded into her mouth. 
The computer then forced her to pull its head closer while&nbsp; her tongue flickered down pass it wicked canine teeth so she could&nbsp; fully savour the feel and the taste of its mouth. The nurse at her head got a great satisfaction imagining her nausea and loathing when she was made to French kiss&nbsp; the slobbering boxer dog. 

When the hound jumped down and went for her prime sexual area her cunt, Cathy tried desperately to protect her self.
However, as she tried to clench, at least her legs closed then she felt the computer slowly reverse the motion so she was seen resting, legs wide open, as if begging for it. 
 
Her body shook with the horror and terror she felt.&nbsp; Her slim body lay tense, but her neck, face and body language showed a different story. 
Her eyes were nearly popping from her head as she, in panic rolled her eyes as her eyes compellingly followed the dog dick, that by now had grown to immense proportions, dreading the moment she would feel it touch the entrance of her now computer wet cunt. 
But first the tongue. This again licked out and stimulated the sensitive area that was Cathy sex slot,
 
Cathy literally jumped as her highly sensitive cunt felt the touch of the Cold slobbering tongue.&nbsp; However, as her bottom was still giving immense pain and stung like hell she instinctually wiggled it on the soft bed in an attempt to escape her fate.&nbsp; 

The computer let her limbs respond and the pain and effort showed graphically on her face as the viewer was reminded that her backside had recently been soundly thrashed and she was about to be rutted by a dog 
Cathy felt herself cringe as the disgusting act took place between her languishing legs.&nbsp; Her mind went into complete horrified distress as she felt the dogs&nbsp; tongue first flicker of around her highly aroused sex lips, before feeling it flickering horribly inside her vagina. 

It felt alive and throbbing as the thick fleshy hot tongue flickered and slobbered its way and around her most sexually sensitive area. 
Without the computer control, she would have been almost demented with horror that was happening between her trim, sexy thighs. 
The viewers watching so avidly on their large wall TV screens could see exactly how much she detested, hated, and degraded by the copulation that had been arranged for her.&nbsp; Moreover, they wanted more. 
 
Everybody was waiting to see the moment when this smug self satisfied whore was made to feel, and be sickened by doggie come shooting deep into her birth canal. 
Getting great satisfaction from the fact that this was only the first lot of doggy come she would feeling inside her and even then they it would not stop the fucking, until she acknowledged the prick up her cunt by orgasming. 
 
This was to be the set-up, each dog would continue to ram its dick into her juicy cunt until not only did the dog come, but Cathy showed enjoyment by returning a shuddering orgasm. 
The hostess handler who was directing exactly how Cathy was shagged now made her lover crawl up her body and mount her while reclining and give her a longer slobbering French kiss.&nbsp; Again the computer made Cathy respond with passion
At the same time she guided the dogs ridged member at its target, even under computer control, Cathy's long slim highly desirable body tremble in shock and disgust. 
 
This seemed to make the act of actually pushing the dogs throbbing, pulsating cock into Cathy's trembling slit even more enjoyable, knowing that the young lady was about to be forced to have full sexual intercourse with a rampant dog against her will, that she would feel degraded and horrified, revolted by the whole depraved act
 
As the dogs Dick now weeping wet slimy doggie come from its tip was forced into the cavity in Cathy's lower body, thousand of hands mimicked' the dogs action and massage their cocks or clitorises frantically. 
The dog started its violent, urgent jacking of it lower body, ramming its member fast in and out of Cathy's unwilling cunt.&nbsp; .&nbsp; Giving her the horror of being rutted by a canine dick and the viewer the satisfaction of knowing that the bitch in front of them was being disgustingly, revolting humped by a big black dog dick. 
 
The dog obviously was highly aroused and shot his lot deep into Cathy's vagina very quickly, still the horror continued. 
The Hostess handler grinning continued to egged the now exhausted dogs on said that it prick still ran in and out of Cathy's' cunt squelching as it did so. 
Cathy was going to be made to come in front of 50 million viewers whether she liked it or not.&nbsp; Eventually the dog got the shuddering result that was needed, and the hostess let the dog give her one more lingering kiss before pulling it away. 

Within seconds Cathy's' next lover was clambering up her desirable frame, cuddling her plump tits with it body, as it Dick frantically probed under her panties looking for her hole to impale it revolting black dick in. 
 
Cathy had gone to into shock, her glazed eyes staring blankly at the camera, her mouth moving silently as she felt her next love pushing up inside her.
She only came into horrible consciousness as she felt the second lots of slimy cume, being injected inside her, and then she stayed conscious while she was forced to orgasm before collapsing back into a comotosed. 
 
The quizmaster seeing that Cathy wasn't enjoying it at the moment, forced her to turn and kneel seductively on the lounger and present her bottom which she then dutifully waggled sexy at the third dog that was waiting to give her one. 
Her body language though showed abject fear, misery and despair with head bowed and tears streaming down her face she felt her body being manipulated into the traditional and much loved doggy position before her next passionate encountered with a disgusting dog.&nbsp; 
The computer made her take up the kow-tow position.&nbsp; Head the right down, bottom right up, legs apart or she waited for her lover to mount from the rear. It also made her look between her legs so if she could see exactly what was going to fuck her this time. 
She was horrified to see that dogs knot, the&nbsp;&nbsp; bulge in the dick, was already partly swollen and watched with horror as the dog approached her with a weapon that could possibly be jammed inside her for several minutes. The nurse was determined she was going to be welded to her lover and encouraged a full deep penetration. 
Kathy shrieked in horror as she felt the penis slide into her cavity, and wept tears of shame as for the second time she was dog fucked. 
This time it was even more horrendous, as the dog managed full penetration and allowing the knot to slid well inside her and stayed there while she was rutted. It felt so enormous and unnatural, feeling the tip pounding up near her cervix, and this large lump first pushing hard against her clitoris, and then expanding her like a bicycle pump.&nbsp; 

As this was a very popular and often specified position for women to be animal fucked in the handler made the dog take his time, while all the time tears of despair flowed down Cathy's face. 
Suddenly that face turned to panic, as the randy dog neared ejaculation, its penis had swollen alarmingly and was causing her pain as well as revulsion. 
Suddenly as the dog ejaculated it swelled to gigantic proportions. Jamming itself into poor demented Cathy's love slot. As the dog still tried to ram Cathy, she felt her vagina lining being pulled in and out in a most peculiar and alarming way. 
And with her cunt now stuffed full of doggy cum she was even more like a bicycle pump and as the abusing prick pushed up her hole, it collected and forced it well up into her cervix as it was designed to do. And then stuck solid. 

As always its task over, the dog went into even more of a panic as it tried to disengage itself but nature was having none of it. It was going to stay jammed up Cathy's hole until its sperm had a chance to find and fertilise her eggs. Only then would it allow withdrawal for its successor to again shag the arse off her. The watching viewer jeered and tittered as the farcical shagging of Cathy came to it's comical conclusion as with a loud almost audible pop it came free and leaving Cathy ready for her next assailant

Thus arranged the viewer had a excellent shot of her pouting cunt sitting in the middle of a extremely painful, welted sexy bottom, which was weeping excess doggy come down her legs. 
Her twat was literally moving, pouting and pulsing as it tried to rid its self of the horrible substance that was filling it. 
 
The camera below her legs had a perfect view as the next doggies prick was poised to ram into her. 
And they saw the squirt of cum. shoot out of her delectable cunt as the incoming thick, excited prick displaced the liquid in it. 
The full shots camera took in the whole revolting acts as Cathy was publicly, shamefully rammed by a dog for the third time,
 
Deciding that things weren't moving along enough he had the blond handler, who had taken such delight in baring Cathy's bottom for the paddling, moved the excited dogs member up so it was poised to give Cathy a thrill up the arse. 
She lovingly, and considerately left its excitedly tapping on her anus before giving the dog the go ahead to ram her strongly up her back passage. 

That way she was sure that Cathy knew exactly what was coming her way up her arse and giving the camera an explicit view of the victim getting extremely distressed as she anticipated her impending buggery. 
 
The three now horny hostesses' grinned at the each other as Cathy gave vent to the classic exhibition of someone having something nasty pushed violently up her bottom.&nbsp; She vomited
The large piece of meat had to literally torn her anus so that later the large creepy-crawlies would have a easy entrance into her bum to devour it from within. 
The dog cuddling Cathy's bottom was shagging her like a trooper, its large fat hairy arse shaking as he shoved its Dick in and out of Cathy's back passage. 
On top of this the pressure and friction on her already sore and painful bottom was making the whole scene very distressing and unpleasant for the young lady being shagged. 
The showed even more when the dog creamed her anus with Cathy it truly shattering as she felt the liquid being squirted into her
 
Now to make the Bitch orgasm.
Which because it was not directly stimulating the young ladies cunt would take a long time and it because it was not the usual route, would be excruciating the embarrassingly for the unfortunate young woman when it happened. 
The blonde haired Hostess edged the dog into top gear making Cathy&#8217;s head shake and vibrate as her bottom got the treatment. 
Her face was a picture of misery as she vibrated in time with the horror up her arse, humiliation and terror as she felt the large piece of meat in her bottom start to horribly stimulate her. 
Kneeling as she was, head bowed bottom raised, legs slightly parted, she made a truly magnificent spectacle of herself when the orgasm hit her head.&nbsp; . 
 
She shook violently, her head nodding with pleasure, shame and, her face bright red with embarrassment as her body took pleasure in the revolting things that were happening to it.
To increase the girls embarrassment one of the hostess, this time the sun-tanned brunette beauty stood authoritatively front of the prone whore and gently and seductively pulled and stroked her hanging tits and milked her while she shook from the orgasm produced by a dog fucking her arse
 
Cathy had to endure a full five minutes of terrible masturbation in her back passage once the dog had creamed her arse, before she shuddered into her third orgasm.&nbsp; The agreement was that no matter what, Cathy was going to orgasm with every dog even if her cunt ran blood from the friction. 
 
The next dog to clamber up Cathy's heaving whipped flanks was a St. Bernard, a dog not only known for its huge sized black penis, but for the huge capacity of its bollocks. 
When this huge hairy monster shot its lot in to Cathy's cunt hole, She would not only feeling it hot and slimy inside her, making her feel extremely uncomfortable, the sheer volume she was going to get was going to fill it to overflowing and the excess would have no option but to inflate her womb. 

Having watched the monster ram a captive weeping prostitute in practice the stunning blond hostess knew that the inflation would give Cathy much more than period pains in her belly, the expansion would feel more like the labour pains. 
The prostitute, that they had let the dog rape had squealed in horror at being fucked by a dog, but had screamed when her belly took what the dog stuffed up her. 
In fact the young slag had to be taken off the breeding program so badly damaged was her baby making machinery and her neck was slowly wrung by a pervert so not to waste her, before she died from her injuries. 

While Cathy was a little older than the dead whore was .with possibly more capacity in her womb when she got the lot from its gigantic reservoir of spunk in its ball's she would know she had been filled and impregnated. 
Cathy had dropped back into her glaze expression but the shock of getting such a huge piece of flesh pushed into her soft vulnerable cunt, brought her back to staring pop-eyed with the reality
 
As the piece of meat was forced slowly up her now well stimulate sexual organ the stimulation of feeling a tremendous stretching in the sinews holding her cunt made Cathy throw back her head as her eyes popped and make terrible moaning mewing sounds. 
The watching viewers got the distinctive impression that the human bitch having her cunt filled with doggy meat was giving a very good caricature of a bitch in heat .it was completely obvious that her mind was going with the horror that was being perpetrated on her body. 
 
The quizmaster was enjoying himself it was not often that such a new, delectable piece of cunt was made available for abuse. 
Lot of the contestants were plain dowdy people just hoping to improve their lot in life.&nbsp; Just occasionally, a vibrant sexually attractive tart got so confident that the world owed her a living ,that she bet all and lost. 
 
The three stunning hostesses' were enjoying themselves, so often they had to mince their way around, soft-soaping some silly young tart whose only ambition was to go for a little pleasure with no risk.&nbsp; Grinning and congratulating them when they won some insignificant increase in status or power. 
They were good for a laugh when they were humiliated by a mild forfeit, usually by being made to bend over a hostesses lap to have their naughty young bottoms soundly slapped. 
Once a sufficient number of slaps had been administered, the criteria being that they were to be made to cry, they were then held, their red, sore bottom squirming while a thick, rapidly pulsating dildo was pushed between their kicking squirming legs.

The young men would have a cord tightly tied to their dicks after massage to erection, which would then be tied tightly to a hook between the hostess legs making sure the young man could not wiggle too much as his bottom was spanked and his anus stimulated without ripping his dick off 
 
Though they did enjoy making half naked harlots, stand facing the camera while it probed between her leg knowing that now her hymen had been breached it was going to have her pleasure bud snipped and trimmed as required by law.&nbsp; This was not necessary compulsorily as evidence was obviously available proof that she had not voluntarily had sex.&nbsp; 

The voting being left entirely to the viewing public as to whether the girl was going to be circumcised or not and this was where the presentation of a contestant was so vital.&nbsp; Presenting an image at each stage that was acceptable but looked upon differently&nbsp; 
Be witty sexy and vibrant and in the early stages the crowd would love you even if you failed.&nbsp; 
Appear stuck up and aloof, those very characteristics which would help you, as you progressed up the ladder if&nbsp;&nbsp; you failed, they would cheer as you were painfully and horribly circumcised.&nbsp; 
After level three being witty and vibrant got you the name of a slut, if you slipped up, being swarve and sophisticated was a great advantage if you are about to get your neck painfully wrung for their amusement

This could be quite a diversion in itself especially if the young lady made a spectacle of herself by shouting and protesting in devastated horror at being so publicly humiliated.&nbsp; When all they wanted was a little comfort when they fail to achieve their ambition. 
However, the rules were very strict, win and you got accolade, but fail and you were publicly humiliated, by compulsion if necessary. 

However, after tormenting a few of these silly little tarts they looked to be a little more adventurous in their thrills
This sophisticated and charming young lady they could really degradation, humiliate and abuse. 
The spanking of her bottom with a paddle had been great fun, especially as this was only a preview for the real abuse to come. 
The real kick came when the silly bitch was reclining, looking so refined and sophisticated on the recliner and watching her get her repayment which was so vile and degrading.&nbsp; 

Her expression as the dog slowly crawled up her long slim body to make passionate love to her had been hilarious.&nbsp; 
 They nearly disgraced themselves when she was French kissed. It had been so hilarious watching her body literally tremble as the computer opened her mouth and she sucked on the dog's long pointed face so that its tongue could flicker around her mouth even further down her throat. They had deliberately fed it on strong fish food, and it's breath, let alone the taste of its drool must have been stomach churning

And even though the under control, when she felt it probing around, looking to stick it obscene black dick into the smooth shaven crack between her leg horror, disgust, shame and revolution had radiated out in waves from every pore of her tormented humiliated body. 
Once the bitch had been made to take up the traditional animal screwing position, sexual tension really hung in the air and when the first dog, sniffed, reared, mounted and took her in true life animal copulation position they could hardly believe how horny it made them. 
 
The decision to makes the prim and proper whore orgasm every time had been a excellent decision, with her over stimulated cunt taking longer and longer to reach stimulation.&nbsp; By the time the last canine shot its lot deep inside her the bitch would have a cunt that would be raw and juicy ready to be nibbled and eaten by the bugs that were soon to be crawling so irritatingly around her crutch.&nbsp; .&nbsp; 


So that Cathy's ordeal did not become boring she was changed from position to position, with several notable incidents. As the hostesses had predicted she really loved having a slobbering, dribbling boxer dog gobing excessive saliva into her mouth in a passionate French kiss. It hung around her lips and from her teeth like evil slime and it must have felt revolting as it slithered down her throat like disgusting ectoplasm. Just the sophistication she deserved

They really enjoyed it as the little terrier she had been made to give a blow-job to, then decided to pee all over her face, possibly expressing the contempt they all had for her.
 And then watch it being held in a hostesses slim slender hands while it's a little dick pulsed in and out of her and it body shook from the thrill as it got satisfaction from her now enormous cunt was definitely one of the highlights
 12 times different dog was allowed to deposit its come deep within her slim body the, with several of the dogs coming back to do her again, so all in all she had to experience 17 revolting intrusions into her body. 
The spectacle over the cameras faded out as one last time she groaned in stimulated orgasm.

The hostesses were over the moon, along with the producer and the camera crew.&nbsp; Working with animals no matter how well trained was always a problem on a live show and it would have been terribly embarrassing if one of the dogs had fancied shagging one of the hostesses. 
Though to keep up the atmosphere, she would most probably have been blackmailed into copulation by the threat of losing her job.&nbsp; Which would have really put up the viewing figures?&nbsp; 

Once the girl was off having a scented bath after her amorous adventures, the hostess giggled as they selected a nice set of sharply pointed thick meat hooks 

The woman would be unable to stand still even under computer control and it looked much more spectacular if the woman was bound physically in someway. 
 Using thin nylon ropes she was going to be held loosely in position, but still able to wriggle and squirm due to three meat hooks holding her body.&nbsp; Two pushed in through the nipples and one jammed up her arse stopping the spinnaker muscle from closing.&nbsp; These would also would be suspended on the nylon ropes hanging down from the top of the cage.&nbsp; 
The argument raged between the girl's, would it be more cruel to slowly push them in or simply aimed at her tits and whack them home. 

 The opinion settled at that her nice plump, fleshy tits would be whacked with the points, as it was not crucial if they went slightly off target.&nbsp; 
However, the one up her back passage had to be high enough to allow a cavity to develop underneath for the hungry hoard of ants to easily chew their way inside her.&nbsp; 
The method of assessing the attachments into her body would be quite simple, she would be laid flat on a table, her fleshy lobes hanging nicely over the end, her bottom pointing at the ceiling.&nbsp; To hold her on the marble slab, belts were placed around her waist, across her ankles and the young woman's long blond hair tied to the nearest bench. 

 One of the girls would massage and simulate milking the girls tits: then taking aim, a second girl would attempt to gain a balls-eye by swinging the meat hook as hard as she could, pulling it backwards and upwards attempting to piece the nipple.&nbsp; 
Cathy was brought into the studio which had been designed to look like a old butchers shop and stripped completely naked and a large pigs head placed under her belly tits hanging over the end as she lay very wide awake and terrified on the cold slab.&nbsp; 

This was pre-recorded as it took quite some time to make the bitch lay the way she needed to, and if anything went seriously wrong she could be stitched up and the scene done again.&nbsp; 
With Cathy in an exaggerated kow-tow position one of the girls Katie, bending down, firmly pulled and stretched her hanging tits.&nbsp; Encircling each globe with her slim fingers and squeezing hard while pushing the fat down firmly towards the nipple.&nbsp; 
Not an authentic milking but it looked very unpleasant and humiliating and that was all that was desired. 
 Cathy showed that she was not definitely not enjoying the stimulation, by groaning, wincing and generally making a fuss as her tits were stretched and elongated.&nbsp; 

When the breasts were nicely red and sore looking, the blond haired hostess who had so enjoyed cutting Sadie's clitoris out bent down and looked over Katie's shoulder and swung the vicious meat hook straight up into the eye of her left Tit.

 The sharp meat hook entered with hardly a sound, just a plopping sound as it tore into the fatty living tissue.&nbsp; The sounds being provided by Cathy as her prime left asset was impaled on the hook.&nbsp; So violent was her struggles that she actually broke free and had to be firmly re-fixed in position.&nbsp; 
Checking that the left one was still deeply imbedded in her breast, her right breast was re-stimulated while Cathy beg, pleaded, and generally made a spectacle of herself.&nbsp; 
 The brunette, who had so wickedly circumcised Vivian, desperately wanted the thrill and experience of imbedding a woman's tits on a sharp hook so, was given the job of puncturing the second swinging globular fat pouch.&nbsp; 
 Leaning right over the woman's right shoulder she took several, trial swings before gaining the confidence to raise it right above her head and swing it viciously down.&nbsp; The hook missing the nipple by hairsbreadth penetrating almost to Cathy's rib cage.&nbsp; Again, the amusing unearthly scream from a woman having her tits impaled.&nbsp; 

Taping them in place in case they worked free, attention now turns to Cathy's arse hole.&nbsp; 
This was a fairly simple process, stand at her shoulders, take aim and with a light downward chop the point firmly it in her anus.&nbsp; From there, it was a matter of simply banging it home with a mallet.&nbsp; 
Again, Cathy made an unearthly fuss, as her bottom was plugged with a cold sharp piece of steel.&nbsp; To check that the arse flesh would stretch, a rope was attached to a pulley overhead and with her hands scrabbling desperately for balance, Cathy's bottom was hauled unceremoniously up into the air while the assembled recesses giggled and probed checking they could still get their finger up the girls arse. Yes, they all agreed, the ants could nest quite nicely in there.&nbsp; And grabbing the unfortunate young woman hauled her to her feet and positioned her upright in the tank.&nbsp; 

 Two leather straps went around her ankles as a now defeated Cathy allowed her legs to be spread nice and wide. 
 Thin nylon almost invisible, ropes were quickly attached to the hooks in her tits and she was made to stand proudly erect.&nbsp; To keep her legs from sagging they pulled the one up her arse firmly into place, making sure the rope was nicely out of sight behind her back.&nbsp; 
To keep her head up, two very small, almost invisible fish hooks, were hooked into her nostrils.&nbsp; 

She was nearly ready for the cameras to switch back from where a contestant had just won a brilliant post of area supervisor and the salary that went with it.&nbsp; 
However the viewer had been kept in touch with the goings on the other studio and in a lot of sitting rooms around the world, bums were fidgeting on Sofa's.&nbsp; 
The screen opened with a extremely long shot, only in the distance could be seen a tall oblong shiny object, slowly at first, then gaining speed the camera zoomed in till it was possible to see a shadow figure imprisoned in a glass cage. 

 As the camera continued the zoom, it was clear it was a badly frightened and distressed young lady waiting to be eaten alive by ants, a spectacle that the viewers had waited hours to see.&nbsp; 
The camera then zoomed in close, concentrating on the hooks imbedded in her breasts and taking time to linger on the one that was forced up her bottom.&nbsp; 
The camera slowly panned down her body to a small metal trap door in the floor. 
 The trap suddenly open dramatically on its own, showing a dark sinister cavity below
&nbsp; An anticipation pause for dramatic effect, then first one then two ants crawled to the edge of the cavity and hesitated, feeling in the air with their tentacles.&nbsp; 
Soon the floor of the glass cage was swarming with the little horrors.&nbsp; 
Each were about six mm long, with long sleek bulbous bodies and as they scurried around, their mandrels clicked with a just audible snip.&nbsp; 

The victim hanging on her hooks had been passive while they explored their new surroundings.&nbsp; Unable to look down because of the hooks up her nose and it wasn't till one crawled onto her foot that she suddenly yelped and struggled to shake it off.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
With that one, she was successful, but her movement has attracted the others.&nbsp; Soon her lower legs had ants exploring all over it, and no amount of shaking would put them off from slowly exploring higher.&nbsp; 
It must have been at least 10 minutes of terror and horror for the young woman being made to undertake her forfeit, before one has hesitated at the opening of her vagina.&nbsp; 
Sensing what it was looking for, warm moist tissue, its paused from its wanderings and took a nip out of Cathy's lower lips.&nbsp; 
It is doubtful whether Cathy even felt the slight irritation.&nbsp; However, it found what it had come for, food.&nbsp; 
 It let out chemical pheromone which would send the message 'Dinner was served" within minutes they were swarming around the succulent flesh that was Cathy's moist pussy.&nbsp; 
At first it was almost titillating as they struggled around her crutch with a delicate fluttering and as planned Cathy's cunt started to drip lubricant or ideal ant food.&nbsp; 

Cathy stopped her squirming and started to wiggle her hips rather urgently as she slowly became conscious of a burning sensation starting in her crutch.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Now things were getting interesting, the camera panned in and as expected caught the first reddening of her pussy, and the first invasion into her dark mysterious depths.&nbsp; 
Cathy could no longer contain the horrible emotion bubbling up inside her, and to the amusement and entertainment of the watching viewer started to thrash her body around in panic.&nbsp; 
 Split into four separate screens, the viewer had a good view of her tits as her motion made them wobble on her chest.&nbsp; A good shot was also possible of her anus as it was pulled and stretched by the hook stuck up her bum.&nbsp; .&nbsp; 

Once the ants had gained access, a continual stream of several hundred ants made a procession are up her slim legs and back to the cavity in the floor, carrying with it liquefied flesh.&nbsp; 
Because the ants carried a local anaesthetic in their saliva.&nbsp; Cathy was not subjected to unbearable pain.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Otherwise, within 30 minutes she would have become unconscious and unaware that she was being eaten alive internally.&nbsp; The ants being picked specifically for this property, 
Though her pain centres were subdued, her sensory nerves still felt every minute tickle from the ants many legs.&nbsp; However, what she did feel was the terrible scalding burning, as her flesh was slowly dissolved, sucked up and carried away.&nbsp; 

By now exploring ant were all over her body, crawling between her legs the first creature slithered into her anus, and was very soon was emitting chemical pheromones.&nbsp; 
Within 45 minutes of the trap door automatically opening, Cathy's lower limbs were a seething mass of black insects.&nbsp; From outside, the tomb for that was what it was, Kathy looked as if she was wearing a black pair of skin-tight ski pants, except these ski pants shimmered as they moved and the outlines of her pussy, was a pouting black shimmering protrusion, almost as if she had a black cock.&nbsp; 
That black cock extended deep inside Cathy's now burning, agonizing cunt.&nbsp; 
The shows producer loved it.&nbsp; Much more subtle than jamming a red hot poker up her cunt, this way her mind was slowly being fucked as well.&nbsp; 
 
He was pleased; the camera covering the close-up of her backside were showing that the ants had practically ignored the welted skin on her back side, and had formed a fighting seething rod that appeared to pulsate up and down her arse crack. Making it look as if a black snake was wriggling up her arse. All fighting in a organized way as ants do, to take a slice of her back passage back to the eggs.&nbsp; 
Cathy&#8217;s ordeal had been going on now for one hour 30 minutes, and by now her whole body was encased in a skin-tight shimmering wetsuit.&nbsp; 
The ants had found her moist mouth and even though she chewed and swallowed them, they still started to overwhelm her air passages.&nbsp; 
They had invaded her nose and were busy making it swell with the inflammation of the acid they were spraying to dissolve the flesh, and Kathy was blinking almost incessantly as her eyeballs were inflamed.&nbsp; 
The bets were on in the studio whether the contestant died from fluid loss or whether she choked to death.&nbsp; In another 15 minutes it was obvious she was going to snuff it by being choked.&nbsp; 

The view had been watching avidly for the last two hours as Kathy struggled, wriggled squirmed and howled in despair as her intimate parts were taken away by thousands of ants, down her legs, and there to be fed to the grubs.&nbsp; 
The producers now are realizing that the death of the young contestant was close decided not to prolong the agony, so pressing a button a technician released a mixture of explosive gas and air.&nbsp; And suddenly the whole glass coffin exploded in a blast of flame.&nbsp; This spectacular end for the contestant caught many viewers by surprise and they applauded her dramatic exit.&nbsp; 
Once the gases had dispersed, they re-zoomed the camera in again, slowly over the horrifying results of the explosion.&nbsp; 

 Cathy's left tit still hung severed on one of the hooks, the producer meaning to congratulate brunette who had impaled it for doing such a brilliant job.&nbsp; 
The one up the arse had been torn free, as her backside had literally exploded from the concentration of gas that had been deliberately aimed at it.&nbsp; Now, Kathy hung slumped to one side, blackened and sooty by her right tit.&nbsp; Her black face peering up at the sky as the nose hooks still suspended her head.&nbsp; 
The camera faded, leaving the watching public with a sense of satisfaction, that nobody got nothing for free.&nbsp; 
By wanting to jump the queue with no thought for others, this bitch had been taught a lesson.&nbsp; 

The producer, called over the quizmaster and congratulated him on his canings, but time was short.&nbsp; 
 A new eager set of contestants was waiting down the corridor and he had spotted an absolutely sexy bit of cunt eager to pitch her wits and her body in a gamble of a lifetime.&nbsp; 
Pulling the quizmaster to one side, he speculated on how they could at least get the knickers off the bitch, promising the quizmaster at least a good crack at her arse with a cane if he got to screw her.&nbsp; Off stage of course, for entertainment's sake, they were able to beguile her to believing that an incorrect answer was the one that was going to get her fame and riches. 

As they walked off of the set he casually mentioning, that the blonde Hostess had been a little too impertinent during the planning of this show and wouldn't it be a great jape if next time they had a pack of randy dogs on the show looking to shag a human, one of them made a blunder and approached her. 

 It shouldn't be beyond the realms of possibility, if the mistake happened, for it to be a dog big and ferocious enough to forcibly rape her, especially if the crutch of her panties had been inadvertently soaked in chemical pheromones.&nbsp; 
Ok she may be bitten and chewed, but those tits of hers were getting a little pass their sell by date.&nbsp; However, think of the publicity it would get the show if one of hostess inadvertently was mounted and screwed between her legs by a thoroughly determined dog. 
 
 The quizmaster thought about it and grinned.&nbsp; It would have to be a very experienced one possibly the St. Bernard, the one with the big bollocks.&nbsp; Then even if the crew would desperately try to pull it off, a big dog like that it would most probably give her a good seeing to before they pulled her free.&nbsp; 
With the skimpy knickers and short skirt she liked to wear, it would be fun to see her rutted while she screamed, and beg as her tits were savaged and chewed on.&nbsp; Its possible, if the crew felt their lives were in danger that they would leave her to try to get help, wouldn't it be a shame if the poor Bitch got to be Gangbanged by the rest inadvertently.&nbsp; 
 They say never work with animals or children. 
THE END





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blackstar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





