BDSM Library - That a girl




That a girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A male got blackmailed by his female housemate and fell into a trap of endless humiliation and degradation






﻿Please find illustration for this chapter at

http://i2.tinypic.com/1zodj07.jpg





01



It’s already after the dinner time and I haven’t had my lunch yet, my belly is now making hungry noises and my stomach feels very empty. However those aren’t the feelings which bother me the most, what’s a lot more uncomfortable is that I’m standing in the shower cubic in the bath room, hands and feet tied up; I’m almost completely naked, well at this point I wish I was naked, because I’m wearing some women’s underwear that feels terribly wrong!

The shower door is open, which leaves no block of sight between me and my vision in the full sized mirror on opposite wall, the pink bra is very noticeable even without the lights on, and the cups are now shrunken as they don’t have any regular content in them. Underneath I’m wearing a pair of similar colored panties; G string is tightening in between my butt cheeks which made me very uncomfortable since I’m always use to manly briefs. The front piece is pulled down to expose my genitals and hold it there from the bottom of my scrotum. As the bondage has more than one rope to secure my upper arms and chest, elbows, wrists, knees and ankles; it’s almost impossible to squirm effective enough to either get free or at least to shake off the embarrassing outfit I got put in.

Every time I try to struggle, more frustration would strike me from the odd feeling and view around my face. A pair of panties is wrapping around my face like a mask; my vision is not blocked as I can still see through the leg holes, the thin strap in the middle which usually protects panties owner’s sex is now pushing against my nose and lips; although I can only smell the rather pleasant scent of washing powder as it’s clean, but the displacement and the view in mirror make me look ridiculous. My long hair is no longer in a neat ponytail form which I always have; it got tied up and formed into 2 pigtails, one on each side; it’s incredibly girly and embarrassing. 

My instinct is to get rid of them immediately, however it’s impossible as my hands are tightly bound behind, every attempt to free myself leads only to failure and more desperation. I can not move or scream for help as I can’t be seen like this. Whilst seeming endless waiting, I start to search my brain for the cause of this. 





It started couple of weeks ago after I got relocated for my job. I came to this town and moved into a shared house. The young lady who’s subletting the house has lived there for couple of month and was in a rush to find someone to share the rent. On the profile she did say prefer a female but after a phone call, an interview and couple of meetings for signing the paper, I moved in.



Her name is Jo; a tall, fit, beautiful white woman in her early 20s, she has long brown hair with blond highlights, her job is a manager in a local hotel. She usually spends 2 nights per week going to gym, rest of other weekdays evening watching TV and usually goes out with friends on weekends. I, as a professional designer, I spend most of evening doing same work as day time, or play games on my PC. We do chat about things such as HBO TV series and films as entertainments are our common field; she also asked me to design a few menus for the party dinner events she hosts. 



It was the Friday 2 weeks ago when I got back from work late, noticing that she was in the upstairs bathroom taking a shower, her humming singing came with sound of water splash, I knew that she must have just got back from the gym.&nbsp; When I was trying to get myself a drink in the kitchen I noticed that her laundry basket besides washing machine; on the top of pile laid her exercise underwear. I picked up the small blue Adidas t-back, could still feel her body temperature on it. The kitchen was dark and I was there standing in the cold light from inside of fridge, wondering why that women underwear uses very little material but sometime cost as much as a suit. From a close distance, I could smell her body scent mixed with sweat; in a none gross way. I stretched it with both hands, couldn’t help but picturing what was in it only half hour ago, then I tossed it back to the basket and got back to my stuff. 



I do have a girl friend who’s studying in Germany, we chat quite often online and talk through the phone, with the one person away, I try not to let myself wonder too much and too far about certain objects. 



The morning after, I got up late as it’s Saturday, had a shower and went downstairs to get a coffee; where I found a note Jo left me saying that she had to work all day from early morning as there would be a wedding in hotel, also wondered if I could take time to have a look at her computer as it’d been functioning funny.

The house was quiet in morning as it’s located in an expensive neighborhood, the weather outside was gloomy again but as I wasn’t planning out it didn’t bother me. I entered her room in my robe felt a little strange as I was there only once or twice and never only had my robe on, then I comforted myself thinking she’s away, no one cares about it apart from myself. Her room was a little messy as I could tell that she was in a rush to get ready for work in the morning, I sit in front of her computer spent a few sec reading the stick notes she left around monitor for herself.

I must admit that I’m obsessed with peaking. Especially the content from a strange computer, as my work and life is pretty much based on computer, I’m always very curious about what others have on theirs, thus I was very glad that she asked for such favor. I just couldn’t wait till I got changed.

Her room had light scent which is a mixture of her favorite perfume and lotion. It felt similar to what I smelled and remembered from previous night, from her exercise panties. I switched on her PC and logged in with password she left me, the problem was simple as there were only a few worm, it took me 10 minutes, to get rid of them and made sure the web browser will not be modified by cantankerous websites. I then spent the time after enjoyed having privilege on her machine to browse around. Apart from her work documents which doesn’t interest me, I found some of her digital pictures took on various occasions; some at party, some at holidays; she looked very pretty and happy in those holiday photos. I’ve never seen her in bikini before, without noticing I was turned on by looking at those photos, I couldn’t take my eyes off those breasts which could barely be contented in that small light yellow bikini top and peach shaped butt wrapped tightly in panties. I soon noticed that I had an erection; I suddenly desired badly wanting to touch that yellow bikini she was wearing.

I looked around in silence, her room was still that quiet and peaceful, there was no sign of her to show up at this moment, I then stood up and opened one of her drawers.



My thoughts are breaking by the noise of people entering the house, it brought me back to the awkward reality which I’m still suffering; knowing that she’s coming back made me again very nervous and trying to escape the bond; what’s more shocking is that I hear more than one person’s voice, there are at least 3 girls talking and laughing at downstairs!, I started to get really terrified about the fact that I will be seen this way. But the rope doesn’t get loose by my increasing desperation; no matter how hard I struggle to get free, I’m still standing there being bound and squirming in those girly outfit. 



02

I could only turn my head around as far as I can when the 3 young ladies passed 1st floor corridor and now standing at the bathroom door, Jo walked in while saying: ‘there you go sisters, my captive.’ Without looking I could tell that the other 2 girl were completely gob smacked as they were standing there with mouth wild opened; almost 1 minute passed which seemed like an hour to me, the blond said: ‘oh my god did you do this to him? You dressed him like this?’ ‘as a matter of fact yes, SHE’s beautiful isn’t she? What do you think Anna?’ the brunette made a face and said: ‘so you have been serious.’ Jo replied in a perky ton: ‘of course I have, I told you I was gonna get one and now I have one.’



All I could do is to squeeze my legs tightly together, but that wasn’t going to help me hide my exposing private parts, being watched in such situation made me keep trembling and it became worse when the blonde started approaching me, Jo said: ‘go ahead Christine, we have the whole night and he’s not going anywhere.’



Christine’s attention immediately went to below my waist, which made me twist even harder try to hide myself, because there’s only one thing more humiliating then being forced to expose my penis in front of stranger female.

‘oh look at that, he’s not circumcised!’

Jo is now leaning against the door and nodded: ‘yeah, interesting isn’t it, and it’s gonna be more fun.’ 

‘it surely will, haha this is so cool.’ By saying that, Christine reached my penis and started to play with the foreskin, stretch, squeeze and peel it back, despite how much I didn’t want to have an reaction, I couldn’t control myself but to have an erection. 

‘so you like that huh? Having girls exam your uncircumcised cock give you a hard on doesn’t it?’ 

SPAT! SPAT! SPAT!

Before I could come up with any sophisticated line to save my dignity, she slapped my penis few times; it waved to one side and quickly came back and became even harder. 

‘You like that too don’t you? Don’t stare me with that pathetic cock of yours!’

She was giggling loudly right next to my ear, the sound of that echoed in the small bathroom.



Anna seemed getting a little inpatient: ‘come on Christine, move to the lounge already, my feet hurt in those boots!’

Jo came back from her room holding a few things and handed them to Christine: ‘untie her from the tube but put these on her, you girls can have all the fun in a minute but I want her to become my bitch and the training starts right now!’



A collar buckled around my neck, it wasn’t very tight but after hearing her keep calling me ‘her’ and the brief of her long term plan, I started to realize what kind of trouble I’m in right now. The collar had leach attached to it, which is dangling in front of my chest, then it came a long piece of pink silk, Christine started to wrap that around the bottom of my penis and made it as tight as possible, she finished by tying up a bowknot around the top, then she held it in hand and stroked it back and forth playfully: ‘stay hard, if it goes soft I’ll give it a good slap.’ 

Before untying me from the tube, she tied my ankles together, then she stood up and handed the leash to Jo: ‘all yours Jo, I’m gonna go grab us some more drinks.’



A thrash on the leash made me jump out of the shower, I twisted my body to keep my balance, for the first time since them came back, I felt a little secure as I’m not completely exposed to strangers, and I begged her: ‘Please Jo, this is madness, I said I’m sorry and I’ll make it up to you, but this is too much! Please stop!’ 



Jo turned around and pulled the leash, I had to hop nervously towards her, the pigtails were brushing my shoulders, and the exposed private parts were dangling rapidly which drew my attention once again onto the fact that what I looked like.



Jo pulled the leash so we are face to face, she whispered to my still panties covered face with a cold grin: ‘you have to realize that this is no longer about what you can do to repay, this is what you have fell in and after all, I am in charge, you better do as I say, because you can’t afford not to.’ 



How did I get myself into all these? I didn’t want to look back at that moment, there were quite enough to process, all my attention were focusing on how to get downstairs without falling over, plus I never want to look back, I was ashamed of myself and there were no one else to blame, Jo might have set the camera in her room just to see how I would react of being along in her bedroom, it might have been a trap but it was me who voluntarily walked straight into that one; for the whole time I thought I was the one who’s peaking, in truth it was the other way around, why did I have to go through her stuff and masturbate with her yellow bikini? Was it because of my girl friend was too far away or because of she was too attractive in those bathing suits? I would rather explain it as it was meant to be, a destiny, because it was the only reason I could let myself to live with.



I made it to the lounge without crash myself on the wall, but the shame of hopping behind her wearing bikini and collar drove me mad, I struggled a little before entering the lounge, where I use to sit back in the sofa watching TV, now it has became a dungeon. My entry made both girl laugh and I could see which part of me they are staring at that caused all the laughter. 



Jo ripped off the panties on my head and pushed me to the floor; I could no longer keep my balance and fell in front of Anna, right in front of my chin were Anna’s fine leather boots, I could smell the leather from that distance before Anna raised my face by pushing my chin up with her foot. I tried not to look up In her eyes, and I didn’t say anything as begging under such circumstance would make me feel even lower.



‘May I? I really had enough of those boots today.’ Anna says while she was undoing her zip on right boot; Christine made an ‘ewwww’ sound, ‘how long have you left them in there? 6?8 hours? don’t you let me smell them.’

‘Shut up Christine, or I’m gonna tie you up and make you mouth wash my feet.’ Anna shouted, she didn’t sound happy, neither did I a second later when the boot came off, suddenly it was a warm stinky cotton sock covered foot pressing against my cheek, I could clearly feel the moist around the toes area as they are sticking up my nostrils; it was full of stuffy smell of sweat, I squirmed on the floor trying to avoid it when Jo sit on my back: ‘hold still young lady, this is your first lesson or first training session if you like!’ I couldn’t move much with her weight plus the bond, meanwhile right in front of my face the sock came off, I didn’t even had a good chance to look carefully at that foot before Anna shoved it into my mouth. All 5 of her toes, now stretching my mouth and pressing my tongue to make more room for each other; I immediately tasted the very salty flavor from the foot, I moaned into the live gag and tried to pull away from it, but with hands and feet tied up and a lady sit on my butt, there was no way I could avoid it; plus even within each of the smallest movement I make, I feel Anna’s foot was pushing deeper and deeper into my mouth, more toes and sole touched my inner mouth and tongue, more saliva came out which I couldn’t control. 

Her toes had a good swim in my mouth before she took it out, I was drooling all over, but it wasn’t at all because of the desire of her feet, she didn’t allow me to get much rest before the other one came in, while the saliva and sweat soaked foot wiping on my face; in such vulnerable position I dared not to bite, the embarrassment smashed my courage of trying anything violent.

‘You were right Jo, he is a natural sub, I haven’t had a good tongue massage on my feet for ages, it’s worth wearing those boots today.’ Still, Anna was saying it without a smile, she’s that kind of cold beauty that make you feel distanced, yet now I wish there are some distance between us. After a few minutes, she pinched my nose close with her free foot, cutting my air supply and forced me to breathe through my mouth, through the slit between her toes and thin gap between her foot and my lips to be exact. before I could allow myself to drool just to get rid of those foul tasting saliva which tasted just like the smell of her feet, but now when fighting for air, I had to swallow the most.



Sitting on a chair with my hands still tied behind, I’m now wearing only the bra, the legs are individually tied to the back of chair so they are hanging at my side, Anna just cleaned her feet with her socks but I can still smell them, I don’t know whether it’s from the air around or my face where she spent ages to rub with her feet. Christine had me tied up like this and now she’s stroking my penis softly, she did it slow enough to keep my excitement building up without being able to have an orgasm; my embarrassment and frustration has driven me mad.



‘Oh please, I’ve had enough of this…. Just … get off me!....’ I shook my head from side to side and it is the only way to let off some steam, I am stuck few inches away from cumming but it was always a little short, without being able to close my legs I can’t squeeze my legs to help myself, I was totally at their mercy. More I show my frustration with subconscious body language, more amused Christine seems to get; everytime when she sees it gets too hard and start to jerk, she just stopped stroking and blowing air on to it, she sometimes tickle at the bottom of my feet as they are very easy to reach, the tickle from her blowing and scratching ruins my built up energy to get pass the line, it repeated over and over again.



Jo went upstairs and came back with her lipsticks in hand, she picks up Anna’s socks, give them to Christine and says: ‘make her cum and stuff the socks in her mouth!’

‘hahaha good idea, I love doing that.’ She then wrapped my rock hard cock with the socks and start to stroke faster and faster, all of a sudden I prey to myself not to cum, eating a girl’s stinky feet is enough for me but now….. ‘ah…stop!... please, ah…ah…I beg you! Christine…ah…don’t! please don’t…stop…’



It is already too late, I lost control of my sense long time ago, as much a man I always see myself as, for this very moment I’m simply manipulated by a 20 something girl with just one hand on me, I shot all over the socks. 



Jo take over the socks, carefully wipe my penis clean with them, balls the sock and pinched my nose to force me open my mouth, it took me 1 min to fight against the suffocation before I open my mouth and as soon as I did, the sweat and cum soaked socks are stuffed into my mouth; I try to push them out with my tongue but it is too weak; and harder I push, more I feel the sticky taste, I muffle into the disgusting gag and struggle against the very effective bondage, they are no use. 



Jo speaks again with that evil grin on her face, ‘not so smart anymore being like this huh? You need to learn to accept who you are now. you are my bitch with a huge clitoris, you better learn to enjoy that fact because there’s nothing you can do to reverse.’ She pulls my hair to make me look her in the eyes, while the other hand keeps flicking my limp penis, ‘and I hope you enjoyed your orgasm, because you may not get another one for quite a while.’



Christine picks up the lipstick and start to write on my chest and belly, ‘do you have a name in mind?’ 

Jo paused a sec and said: ’Talia.’ 



Christine writes; ‘My name is Talia, I’m Jo’s bitch, my mouth belongs to Goddess Anna and her feet, my ass belongs to Christine, and my big clit belongs to my Mistress Jo.’ 



I feel dizzy reading what’s written on my body. Camera flashes, series of digital pictures are now taken.

Jo secured my mouth shout with few pieces of wide duct tape, she kisses my forehead and says: ‘good night Talia, have a slutty dream.’











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stormrage


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





