BDSM Library - My blonde Experience part 2 Blonde/Brunette Warfare




My blonde Experience part 2 Blonde/Brunette Warfare
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This cute blue eyed blonde guy who resembles a cute Uma Thurman pissed me off so much by beating me in our first nude wrestling match That I needed a rematch badly and got one. This time it\'s a fight to the finish with this cute brown eyed brunette that resembles a cute Alanis Morissette.










v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


My blonde Experience part 2 Blonde/Brunette Warfare

 
   jim
   jim
  1
  4
  2006-07-23T10:31:00Z
  2006-07-23T10:35:00Z
  1
  2340
  13339
   
  111
  31
  15648
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My blonde Experience part 2
Blonde/Brunette Warfare

&nbsp;

synopsis;&nbsp; This cute blue eyed
blonde guy who resembles a cute Uma Thurman pissed me off so much by beating me
in our first nude wrestling match That I needed a rematch badly and got one.
This time it's a fight to the finish with this cute brown eyed brunette that
resembles a cute Alanis Morissette.

&nbsp;

author;&nbsp; latinlover69

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

story codes;&nbsp; m/m,cbt,d/s,real,consensual,heavy

&nbsp;

&nbsp;Story;

&nbsp;

I couldn't stand it that I lost a nude
marathon length highly erotic but very real wrestling war to this cute blue
eyed blonde pussy of a cunt. I knew that I was the tougher and slightly
stronger of us,I always thought that brunettes are sexier and tougher than
blondes when totally evenly matched and I was shocked when I knew I lost and
had nothing left after our savage dirty catfight style fight. Now I have to
tell the whole story. I kept it secret for three years but I have to get it
out. Read &quot;My Blonde Experience&quot; and this takes place three months
later.

&nbsp;

I had to swallow my pride for taking a
horrible beating at the hands of this cute blonde but he also took a horrible
beating at my hands. I wanted to contact him so bad so a couple of months after
our match I called him up and demanded a rematch. At first he hesitated because
he knew the pain he went thru himself but then he agreed. We had one month to
train and get prepared,then we would set the
rules,time and place. We cursed eachother out over the phone. This fight coming
up was gonna be the nastiest&nbsp;fight ever. You can't train for dirty tactics,that just comes naturally,but I was gonna train and prepare
my body like never before. There was no way I was gonna lose again to this
blonde punk. For one month I went to a wrestling gym in NYC twice a week and
wrestled&nbsp;these huge guys,6'2&quot;,6'3&quot;
around 230 lbs. There were no dirty tactics,just
straight wrestling and I trained for endurance. I beat the crap out of these
two big dudes in long marathon length matches&nbsp;that's how determined I was.
I stood at 5'10&quot; and 165 lean super strong lbs. I was leaner than our
first fight but stronger. In between all this I worked hard at my job lifting
constant heavy boxes. But my blonde opponent was training too and he had lost a
few lbs. and got leaner but stronger himself. We agreed to no sex or
masturbating for at least one week before our match to build up our savage
demeaner and get more vicious for our match. I also trained my dick for the
first time. I attached heavy weights to my dick and did dick lifts just to make
sure my cock was gonna be stronger and able to take more punishment. I think my
cock got a little thicker and maybe a quarter of an inch longer to match my
opponent's dick length at 9 and 1/4. 



&nbsp;

So a month went by and I called him
again to set up our match. He had reserved a private gym with a
wrestling/boxing ring and we decided it would be an oil wrestling fight and he
would provide two fishnet body suits,his white and
mine black to represent blonde vs. brunette. I just wanted to go at it nude but
he had a plan and after our match I realized why he wanted us in sexy fishnets.
The rules? Anything goes this time I requested and he
quickly agreed and that means anything we wanted to do to eachother to inflict
pain. We also agreed to grow our crotch hair this time,no
shaved cock area.

&nbsp;

This time I wasn't gonna tell Ruthie
about our match. I was just gonna secretly use this sexy gorgeous Peruvian
slut. I had a sexy photo of her she had given me of her at a party in a sexy
tiny dress. For two weeks I kept shooting cum all over her photo wishing I
could grab her by her long thick black hair and pull hard riding her like a
horse. I wanted so bad to see Ruthie get into a nude hairpulling body slapping
catfight with the cutest evenly matched blue eyed blonde Nordic girl with long
beautiful hair like hers but I figured this wasn't gonna happen. She's the
cutest sexiest Peruvian girl ever and I wanted to see her get hairpulled and
viciously slapped in an even give and take catfight with a cute blue eyed
blonde girl.&nbsp;This thought became an obsession with me that's how I got
into all this catfighting myself.

&nbsp;

Ok,this was
it,the day came for our sexy fight. I was so aroused by not masturbating for a
long week. My blonde opponent claimed he had sex only four days before with his
female wrestling workout partner. He trained with a cute female a little
smaller than him while I trained with huge muscled bodybuilders. Who do you
think had the advantage? I got the directions for the gym and met him there. We
locked the door to the private backroom ring. His female workout partner had to
see this so she was there too. It was only us three. She was turned on and
soooo aroused when she saw us staring eachother down and getting into our
fishnets. She was attracted to me so I flirted with her and told her that after
I take care of her pussy blonde cunt of a boyfriend that I was gonna ride her
like a horse,pulling on her hair while fucking her in the ass. She was totally
turned on but my blonde opponent was pissed. 



&nbsp;

'This is it you brunette fuck now its'
gonna be a serious fucking up that I'm handing you.&quot;&nbsp; He said.

&quot;What up dude,I'm
gonna fuck your shit up&quot; I said.

&nbsp;

He stands at 5'10&quot; and 160 lbs.
long straight blonde hair (a little shorter this time to the top of his
shoulders) and blue eyes,lean slim and beautifully muscled and totally smooth
except for his thick blonde crotch hair flowing all around his 9 and 1/4&quot;
blonde dick. And his smooth skin is a light golden color. I stand at 5'10&quot;
165 lbs. of lean and slim beautiful strong brunette muscle. My hair was a
little bit shorter than our last fight but still long and thick to the top of
my shoulders and I was totally smooth too except for my thick heavy dark
brunette bush flowing around my 9&quot; dick. And I tanned at a tanning bed and
outside so I was so dark tanned like those sexy Brazilian Rio sluts you see
dancing nude. We're both 40 years old but look about 10 years younger and in
great shape. We had just showered then poured oil all over us. Both of us
staring daggers at eachother,our beautiful bodies tense
and trembling with nervous tension. It's the only time we ever felt like this
cause we were so evenly matched and so cute,looking like to slim lean sexy
exotic dancers,two cute guys,an Uma Thurman look a like and me,an Alanis
Morissette look a like ready to battle it out no holds barred.

&nbsp;

It was quiet and you could hear loud
echos as his girl screamed out to begin. I took a deep breath and so did he. We
were both a little hesitant to start just knowing what we'd be going thru again
but only more rough this time. I was so savage and vicious knowing I couldn't
lose this time. We quickly got so pissed at eachother that all inhibitions went
out the window. We both went right for the hair,pulling
and twisting and dragging eachother around the ring by our long hair. I flipped
his blonde ass up and over by his blonde hair and he came crashing down hard,yeah,we both could tell I was the slightly stronger of
us,but not wanting to admit it,the dumber.&nbsp;He reached up and pulled me
down by my black fishnet ripping it. He kept pulling and ripping my fishnet to
shreds. I felt so violated and it hurt tearing against my dark tanned
Italian/Latin&nbsp;smooth skin. I started ripping and tearing his white fishnet
off his cute Irish/Nordic blonde body. Both of us were not gonna give in and
scream in pain so we just silently took all this pain. I had to tear off every
last bit of his 

bodysuit.I wasted a lot of my strength pulling it off of him. It had
to be in tiny shreds for me to win this stripoff contest. What a big mistake
that was for me cause even though we stripped eachother totally naked,my fishnet was in a few pieces while his was in about 20
tiny shreds. I used up more strength than him. I could see his sexy cute Uma
smile knowing that he tricked me into using up more energy than him. I wanted
to rip him apart I was so pissed. I had to rest a second but he wouldn't let me
so he grabbed my dark hair and pulled me around the ring and threw me flying
into the ropes. We both had red welts where we tore at our fishnets. We were both
starting to get exhausted after only about 20 minutes and I would never get
tired at all thru long workouts and all my wrestling matches I had with these
huge bodybuilders.&nbsp;

His girl was a slut and kept yelling
out to her boyfriend to rip out all my hair and pull my brunette dick off. We
got into an embrace and fell to the canvas clutching at eachother's hair. We
rolled around at a fast pace from one end of the ring to the other,my face buried in his sexy smooth blonde armpits. I could
smell him how sexy he smelled, how sexy we both smelled,our
bodies covered in&nbsp;oil as we slipped&nbsp; and slid across&nbsp;eachother.
Our sexy smooth arms and armpits&nbsp;pressed against eachother's cute faces.
We still pulled on our hair hard and savage. I could feel a handful of my hair
being ripped out and you could hear it too. I was in heavy pain. I tried to rip
out his hair but I just couldn't. My beautiful strong brunette arms and hands
were too tired to rip any of his blonde hair out but I still pulled viciously
keeping him in pain. As this blonde pulled and dragged me by the hair again I
could see a clump of my dark thick hair&nbsp;on the ring canvas as I went
sliding by. My cute big brown Alanis eyes just stared at the ceiling in shock.
I couldn't stop him from dragging me by&nbsp;my hair. I had to silently take it
and wait for my chance to get even.&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Hi girl kept screaming obcenities at
both of us to rip eachother apart. I was getting sooooooo incredibly horny and
lustfilled as she was yelling more and more&nbsp;and so was my blonde opponent.
You could hear the heavy body slaps with a&nbsp;huge echo thruout the closed
room. We both stood up,our dicks hanging there just
begging to be pulled so I grabbed his blonde dick and pulled for all I was
worth. He grabbed my tanned brunette dick&nbsp;and squeezed so hard,I shot out my load of cum first then he shot his out after
I squeezed some more. We punched out eachother,closed
fist punches. You could hear the huge loud smacks as our heads went flying up
and back and sideways. I grabbed his blonde ass and punched him repeatedly in
his ass,he kicked me in my huge balls and as I went
down from the pain,I reached up and grabbed his hair finally ripping out a tiny
handful as I went down. I knew he felt that as he cursed out.He reached down
and picked me up by my thick heavy strong brunette dick and balls. I thought
all that dick training would help me but it didn't. Then he dragged me by my
dick around the slippery oiled ring. His girl was screaming to rip it off. I
came in his hand. Then he grabbed me by my dark brunette hair and with his
other hand grabbed my dick and pulled me off the canvas and threw me flying
across the ring.

&nbsp;

&quot;Fucking blonde cunt!!!! you're nothing but a bitch little
schoolgirl lolita you fucking hussy pussy cunt!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; I'm gonna rip
you to shreds you fuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;I screamed to
him.

&quot;Why you fucking little brunette
lolita bitch,nobody calls me that. This is it you
fuuuuuuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; he screamed right back.

&nbsp;

We tore into eachother like never
before. We both agreed to cutting our fingernails and
toenails and it was a good thing as we started scratching eachother all over
our sexy smooth bodies. We traded incredibly hard scratches&nbsp;leaving huge
red welts all over our arms legs,chest,back,shoulders,ass


,every part we could get our hands on. Then he grabbed my thick
dark crotch hair in his mouth and pulled and tore out my crotch hair. I
screamed a little in pain as I pulled his hair to stop him but he wouldn't let
go since my hairpull was weak. I lost most of my sexy brunette strength. Then
he grabbed a handful of the thick dark hair covering and flowing over my dick
with his cute blonde hand and pulled and ripped out every last bit. I screamed
out as his girl laughed and screamed for this blonde to finish me off. I pulled
on his flowing blonde crotch hair and managed to rip out&nbsp;
a lot of it. He suppressed his scream,I don't
know how he did that. We got so lustfilled and horny from his girl screaming at
us that we started to bite eachother's arms and legs and asses then we bit and
scrathed our huge thick dicks and heavy ball hanging down. We scrathed our cute
faces then we started to spit in eachother's faces. It got so dirty and out of
control,we couldn't take eachother's presence any
longer. Huge long red rakes up and down our legs and arms and asses chest and
shoulders. I grabbed his blonde balls and twisted and mangled it until it was
out of shape and he grabbed my balls and twisted and squeezed until it was so
mangled and almost totally flat,he squeezed all the cum out of me. Both our
dicks didn't even resemble dicks anymore. Mine got the worst of it hanging so
torn and in pain so scratched up and my balls all flat and mangled.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm gonna make sure you never
fuck anyone with that again.&quot; he said to me as I we both lay there totally
exhausted.&nbsp;I thought he might be right with the way my cock and balls felt
and looked

&nbsp;

He was hurting too,I
could see it so I grabbed his blonde hair and started dragging him around the
ring by his hair while he was clutching at his mangled dick and balls. I just
gave out and fell from exhaustion. Then we both crawled toward eachother and
got into an embrace,our sexy sweaty oiled scratched up mangled bodies pressed
together for one final roll around,a slow sensual roll from ring post to ring
post still spitting in eachother's faces. He sat up on me and shot a huge load
of white hot cum all over my tired face. I could hear his girl masturbating
with orgasm after orgasm,screaming in lust. I pulled
him down by his hair and we rolled around some more. I could taste his sexy
blonde cum. Our bodies shining in oil&nbsp;under the lights
of the gym. I moaned loud as he grabbed my mangled dick. I shot out
probably the hugest load of white hot cum I ever did all over his cute Uma
looking&nbsp;blonde face and body. We both lay there not moving for a few
minutes,our arms outstretched in
total&nbsp;exhaustion. I looked at his cute sexy smooth blonde armpit as I lay
next to him and he turned and gave a tired stare at mine sexy luscious smooth
brunette armpit. We both thought we were the sexier over the other. Both of us
covered in oil and sweat and cum and spit. I turned over onto my torso and
reached out to pull his blonde hair one final time but he just reached over and
slowly grabbed my dark bruentte hair as he still lay on his back staring at the
ceiling. I moaned pretty badly. I was in bad shape,could
not continue but so was he. His hairpull hurt so incredibly bad. I tried to
stop him grabbing his cute blonde arm with both of my tired sexy brunette
hands. I couldn't get his hand out of my hair. Every part of my head hurt soooo
much that I just let go of his arm and lay there as he pulled and pulled and
pulled for over 5 full minutes of light weak pulling. He had no strength left
but just enough to rip out one more handful of my weakened hair. All the
hairpulling during our match weakened my strong brunette hair so much that even
his light weak pull did great damage and he did rip out one final handful of my
dark hair. I moaned again as I turned to see him just drop this clump of my
sexy thick bruentte hair from his blonde hand. 



&nbsp;

UUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How could I have lost to this blue eyed sissy blonde bitch again.
I just could not believe it. I knew I was the stronger and tougher of us with
my dark brown eyes and dark brown hair.










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  latinlover69


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





