BDSM Library - Pillow Talk




Pillow Talk
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The realistic story of a couple in love who enjoy tying each other up.




Pillow Talk part 1
by Some Writer



David lay in bed, listening to the hum of the shower that seemed to vibrate the walls faintly.  The sun streamed through the curtains despite them 
being 
closed.  He found himself thinking about Kate showering, and wondered whether he should try to join her.  He decided she would probably not appreciate 
the intrusion and instead let his mind envisage her wet, naked form.  Despite Kate staying over the night before they had not had sex as she had been 
too tired.

David rolled over and then rolled back.  Becoming too hot, he threw off the quilt.  His hand slid, unbidden, down and through the 
slit in the front of his boxers to find his hardened cock.  He began idly rubbing it as he thought about his girlfriend.  They had been going out for
nearly half a year, and despite the early, madly passionate, stages of the relationship having faded he was still just
as attracted to the beautiful brunette as he ever was.  She had a cute, round, lightly freckled face with sparkling deep blue eyes and medium-brown 
hair that fell just beyond her shoulders.  Being a man in the midst of fantasy however, David was concentrating on her body.  She had a curvy figure, 
with slightly smallish breasts with perky nipples.  Her stomach was slightly rounded, and her thicket of pubic hair slightly too dense.  Her legs 
were fairly toned but her bottom was slightly large, which David found very attractive.  Her skin was delightfully smooth and soft.

He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he did not hear the shower stop.  When the door creaked open a few minutes later, he hastily withdrew his 
hand, his face flushing with guilt as Kate walked in, wearing a light pink towelled dressing gown, her face obscured by the small towel she was using
to massage her hair dry.  Kate looked over at David.  He had black hair, which was currently tousled by his sleep but was not usually much more kempt
than that anyway.  He had light brown eyes, and an attractive face.  It was slightly more feminine than masculine (as male faces go), with round 
curves that gave him more of a boyish heart-throb look than a jutting jawline and chiseled features.  David was slightly thinner that he should have 
been, but it was only really obvious on his ribs, which gave his sides subtle ripples.  His chest was slightly sculpted but not muscly.  
In his haste, he had left his erection showing through his boxers, a feature that caught Kate's eye.  His legs were not as hairy as most men, but they 
were toned and had more obviously muscles than most parts of his body.

"Morning big boy," Kate said jokily, her eyes on his cock.  "Are you expecting someone?"

"There's a woman who comes by sometimes and has her way with me," David joked.

"Oh really?" Kate said, conspicuously cocking her eyebrow.  "What's she like?"

"Very pretty.  Brown hair, blue eyes.  Great body."

"She any good?" Kate asked, continuing to rub her hair as she walked round the bed.

"Amazing."

"Shame I don't have time to meet his wonderful woman who pleasures you, as I have to be going."

"Really?" David said, the disappointment clear in his tone.

"Yes, afraid so."  Kate looked at him, and then reconsidered.  "How about if I start now but finish later - give you a little sample of what will 
happen later?"  She knelt on 
the bed beside David and bowed her head over his crotch.  Her wet hair fell down from her head and tickled his abdomen.  He pulled his head back
out of habit as he felt her lips wrap around his swollen prick.  He looked to the side as her tongue began tracing patterns around the head
of his penis.

In the mirror by the side of the bed, David could see the reflection of the soles of her feet and above them a sphere of pink towelled dressing gown
that covered her behind, thrust into the air as she leaned forward over him.  David leaned his body slightly in that direction and pulled the gown up 
and onto her back, revealing her smooth unblemished buttocks to the mirror.

"What are you doing?" Kate asked, irritation at the edge of her voice.

"Just admiring the view," David said plainly.  Kate returned to her ministrations but within a few seconds she felt David's hand on her thigh.  She 
tried to ignore it but then she felt his fingers running through her pubic hair.

"Stop it," she told him, "You know I don't have time."

"Get back to licking," he told her sternly.  With his free hand, he reached out and gently pushed Kate's head back towards his cock, which felt cold 
as the air in the room blew against the saliva now coating it.  David expected Kate to snap at him for his attempt, but to his surprise she yielded 
to his touch, her head nestling into his palm as he pushed her onto his cock.  She followed the movements of his hand as he began moving it back
and forth, causing her mouth to bob up and down on his dick.  Meanwhile, he eased two fingers of his other hand into her slit and felt for her 
clitoris.

Kate felt a strange feeling akin to satisfaction as she let David take over, following the directions of his hand while he began to pleasure her.  His 
fingers slid easily over her clitoris, much more easily than she would expect.  Could she really be that wet already?  She knew she should really stop 
him and continue getting ready to leave, but she did not stop him.

David clumsily grabbed a handful of hair and pulled Kate's head free of his manhood.  He rolled away from her and then shuffled round behind her 
bent-over form.

"Time to go I'm afraid," Kate said as she tried to stand up.  David pushed her head back down to where it was.

"I don't think so," he said jovially.

"Hey!" Kate said indignantly and she rolled over onto her side to be able to look up at him.  "You're very boisterous this morning."

"What can I say?  I can't stop wanting you."

"If you want me, you'll have to stop me," she said with a glint in her eye, and she began squirming to try to roll off the bed.  David quickly 
straddled her, using his weight to pin her down, his legs astride her stomach, his exposed cock pointing up into the air lewdly.  "I don't think this 
position will work somehow," Kate said with a laugh, and continued her struggle to get out from under David.  She rocked sideways to try to push him 
upwards but only succeeded in rolling over onto her front.  He grabbed her wrists and held her arms but she continued to wiggle her body underneath 
him.  David spotted the cord from her dressing gown hanging loose on the bed and releasing her right hand, he grabbed the cord and quickly wrapped it 
round her left wrist, finishing it off in a makeshift knot.  He wrapped the adjacent section around her right wrist and tied the two together.

"Looks like you've got me," Kate said breathlessly, and she could feel her heart pounding against the mattress beneath her, making the springs in the 
bed strum.  David elevated himself 
and moved backwards, allowing enough room for him to grab Kate's hips and roughly pull them upwards, dragging her onto her knees.  Kate waited, her 
hands bound behind her back, her view obscured by strands of wet hair that lay across her face.

David pushed her dressing gown over the top of her bound wrists and looked down at her pert buttocks.  He could smell her sex now, and could see 
wisps of wet pubic hair straying at the top of her legs.  Silently praising Kate for taking the necessary pills each day that obviated the need for 
condoms, he guided his cock into her waiting pussy.  He slid in very easily, and almost fell forwards as his cock filled her.

Kate gasped quietly as her walls were suddenly pushed apart by his invading prick.  She felt his hands on her hips, holding her firmly.  He slid out 
of her until it seemed that he was going to withdraw completely, and then he pushed himself back in deeply, very deeply, until his thighs were firmly 
pressed against hers and she was sure that his cock was against her cervix.  He repeated the procedure, but much faster.  Kate was jerked 
forwards slightly as he rammed home.  She exhaled sharply.

"Not so hard," Kate said, her devious subconscious streets ahead of the sensible part of her mind.  David took the bait and suddenly he was 
thrusting in and out as fast as 
he could, pleasure to the point of pain for Kate who could do nothing but take it, hard and fast and long and forceful and rough.  She willed him to 
come and finish the process, and 
before she realised it was verbalising her thoughts:  "I want you to come," she squealed.  "Come inside me!"  David stopped thrusting and grabbed 
her bound wrists that lay half way up her back.  He used them to pull her upwards towards him until her torso was almost upright and her soft buttocks 
were squished against his hips.  He reached round and yanked the two halves of her dressing gown apart before roughly grasping her breasts.  With 
a handful of thrusts that had Kate groaning, he fulfilled her request, and Kate could actually feel his cock pulsing inside her.  They both breathed 
heavily, exhausted.

"That was amazing," Kate whispered as she felt David tenderly nuzzling her the side of her neck.  She became aware of quite how turned on she was.  
"Please, finish me off," she pleaded, willing him to touch her swollen throbbing clitoris and provide her with the release she needed.

"Girls who don't have time to pleasure their boyfriends don't have time to be finished off," David admonished her as he slowly withdrew his flagging 
cock.   Kate tried to turn to face him but without the use of her hands, she overbalanced and fell softly onto her side.

"Hrrmmmph.  Well at least get me some tissues then," she asked after a pause, sticking her legs up into the air to prevent David's seed spilling out 
too soon.  Despite his arousal fading quickly, David still had one last, forbidden, idea.

"Naughty girls don't get tissues either."  He picked up a pair of Kate's knickers from her bag beside the bed and slid them down over Kate's ankles 
that were high in the air.  She was so surprised that she did not offer resistance.  When he had tugged them around the final contour of her buttocks, 
she struggled awkwardly and managed to stand up beside the bed.  Her breasts pointed outwards, as if pouting.  The expression on her face was one of 
disapproval.

"Well at least untie me then."  David obliged and Kate hurried to put on the rest of her clothes.  She grabbed her keys and bag and fled from the 
house, realising how late she now was as she quickly got into her car.  As she extended her legs to the pedals she felt a glop of come fall from her 
vagina.  It was not a pleasant feeling.  She sighed with resignation and started the car.  Next time, she would at least make sure she got an orgasm 
for her troubles.

* * *

It was three days before the couple met again.  It was not until they lay in bed together late at night that Kate finally decided to bring up the 
matter that had been bothering her.

"David."

"Mmmm?"

"The other day, when you, when we - that wasn't the first time you'd done that to a woman was it?"  David rolled over and looked at Kate in the light 
of the bedside lamp, sliding his bookmark into his book without even realising he had done so.

"No, it wasn't," he answered simply.

"If - if I'd asked you to stop, properly asked you, you would have wouldn't you?"

"Yes.  Of course.  Of course I would have."

"Good.  I mean I thought so, I just wanted to be sure." 

"I wouldn't ever force myself on you if you didn't want me to."

"I know.  You liked it that way didn't you, a bit rough?"

"Umm, yeah."

"You don't have to be coy about it.  That's fine.  I'm glad you liked it."

"It is one of my guilty pleasures.  Did you... like it?" David asked falteringly.

"I might be willing to try it again some time," Kate admitted, and then moved swiftly on:  "So when you've done that before, what did you use?"

"Use?" David questioned.

"Yeah, you know, use.  Rope, chains, handcuffs, dressing gowns?"

David laughed.  "Handcuffs usually, they're nice and easy."

"Do you have some then?" Kate asked.

"Yeah," David said after a pause.

"Can I see?"

"Erm, well, you know."

"Go on!  Think of it as repayment for the other day."  Kate thought then added: "You never know, I might even like the look of some of it."

David rolled away from Kate and off the bed.  He tugged and pushed boxes around under the bed before lifting one up onto the bed.  Kate 
eagerly pulled aside the plastic lid that lay on top.  She immediately began pulling out the items on to the bed.  She found handcuffs, and various
other bondage things, including blindfolds and gags.

"What's this?" Kate asked, holding up an item she didn't recognise.

"A plug," David said.  "You put it up your bum," he added when Kate looked puzzled.

"For mine or for yours?" Kate pressed.

"Both.  Either."

"But which do you use it for, you or the woman?"

"Either," David admitted.  Kate frowned slightly, and moved onto the next item.

"I know what this is, but is it actually any good?" she asked as held up a fake pussy.

"Not a patch on the real thing."

"So do you just enjoy tying up women, or do you like it the other way too?"

"I enjoy both."

"Fair enough."

Kate piled all the toys back into the box and pushed it towards David, who got up again to put it back under the bed.

"So what's the verdict?  Would you use any of that?" he asked as he slid back under the covers, his cock hardening.

"Oh I don't know.  Maybe.  I'm not sure," Kate said with indifference, a plan already forming at the back of her mind.  She turned out the light and 
they both settled down to sleep.







Pillow Talk part 2
by Some Writer




David blinked his eyes open, dimly aware that he had been awoken by a noise, but not yet conscious enough to process the thought.  He saw Kate 
reaching over him.

"Morning," he said smiling.  He looked over to where she was reaching, to see her snapping a handcuff into place around his right wrist.  He 
instinctively tugged at his left wrist and found that it too was restrained.

Kate looked down at him and smiled.  "Surprise," she said gleefully and then with one swift movement, hurled the quilt from the bed.  David shivered
slightly as he was exposed to the cool morning air, naked except for his boxers.  His modesty was not protected for long however, as Kate hooked her 
fingers inside the waistband and began sliding them down his legs.  His customary morning erection sprang free, twitching as if of its own accord.

Kate swung her leg astride David's torso, and he felt the cool satin fabric against his bare skin.  She wiggled backwards until her warm crotch was 
nestled atop his hardness, only her pyjamas separating her from him.  Kate leant forward and whispered huskily in David's ear:
"Do you like your surprise?"

"Yes," he murmured.  She began slowly rubbing her crotch up and down the length of his dick.

"Want to fuck me?" she asked idly.

"Yes.  Please."  His words were halting, his mind distracted by the sensations she was causing.

"Or would you prefer it the other way... "  She pulled her torso upwards and swung her body round.  David watched as her mauve-satin covered thighs 
encased his head and  her clothed crotch sank down on to his face.  Her sex was warm, and he could make out her scent.  "Like this?" she asked.  He 
was about to reply but he faltered as he felt the tip of her tongue running down the back of his cock.

Kate laughed, a sparkling laugh that made David smile without thinking about it.  She got up and knelt beside him.  "Time for me to get naked I think.
But somehow, it's always a bit more exciting when the lights are out."  David frowned, but then understood when she began slipping a blindfold over
his eyes.  The world went dark, and he became more aware of her breathing as she sat beside him.  He heard rustling, and then felt her soft 
delicate skin on his as she settled down beside him, the her body parallel to his, the two touching.

All David could concentrate on was the feel of her body against his; her breasts squashed against his ribcage, one leg against his, the other lying 
perpendicular across his own.  Her hand began caressing his still-hard dick, her nails rubbing lightly up and down the sensitive skin of his shaft.  
Then she suddenly grasped David's prick in her hand and began pumping it up and down, as hard and vigorously as a fifteen year-old male would 
masturbate.  Kate could feel David's heart-rate increasing, could hear his breathing pick up pace, sense the twitches in his legs.  She stroked and 
pumped and slid and tugged until she was sure that he was just about to come, and then she stopped.

To her surprise, he said nothing as she lay waiting until his heart had calmed slightly.  She began stroking him again, more slowly this time.  His 
pulse picked up again, and he began subtly writhing around, trying to find his orgasm in her slow movements.  When he had almost managed it, and felt
the climax building up inside of him again, Kate stopped once more.

"Don't stop," David pleaded in a hushed voice.

"What would be the fun of tying you up if you had it all your own way?" Kate asked with a laugh.  "First, you're going to have to do something for me.
I want you to tell me what you'd be doing to me right now, if you had me tied up."

David paused, doubting her sincerity for a moment.  Then his brain clicked into gear.  "Err, I'm not sure.  I guess, erm, I'd have you tied up, like I 
am now, and I'd, I'd give you head until you were incredibly wet, and then I'd have sex with you."

"David," Kate said in a stern tone as she removed her hand from his cock.  "I'll give you a hint: if you want to have sex with me, I'm going to need 
to be wetter than I am right now.  I 
want you to excite me with your ideas.  So you're going to have to do much better than that.  The more outlandish, the better.  Don't hold back, even 
if you don't think I'd like it.  Start again."

David reddened slightly under the chastisement.  He swallowed and licked his lips, trying to decide how to improve his story.  "Ok.  To start with, 
I'd strip you naked and I'd strip as well.  I'd tie your ankles to the corners of the bed so that your legs were spread apart."  He felt Kate's hand
on his dick again, slowly stroking him.  "I'd tie your wrists together, and then tie them to the top of the bed.  I'd blindfold you so that you 
wouldn't know what was coming.  I'd finger you a little - teasingly until you were wet enough for what was to happen next.  I'd get a small butt plug
and slide it carefully into your pussy.  Then I'd pull the plug out and hold your nose to force you to open your mouth.  I'd put the plug in your 
mouth and make you suck it, to lick your own taste from it.  Then I'd pull out the plug, which would be all sloppy and wet, and I'd slide it into your 
ass."

Wordlessly, Kate rolled over to straddle David.  Her naked labia squashed down against the horizontal shaft of his dick and split apart, her own 
lubrication coating him, and her clitoris pressing against the solid cock beneath it.  As David continued, Kate began slowly sliding backwards and 
forwards, stimulating herself on her bound boyfriend.

"I'd free your hands, then I'd straddle your head, facing down your body, and force my dick into your mouth.  I'd tell you to suck it, and also get 
you to finger yourself while I watched."

"And then?" Kate asked quietly as she slid her hand underneath his member and elevated it skywards, pushing it into her soft opening that yielded 
easily to him.  David suppressed a groan in order to continue as her pussy slid down over his engorged dick.

"Then I'd wait, with you sucking me, and fingering yourself, until you were close to coming."  Kate began sliding up and down, knowing that it would 
not be long before David came.  "I'd pull your hands away and pin them down, to stop you having an orgasm.  Then I'd bow my head and start licking you 
while I began fucking your mouth.  I'd fuck your mouth until I came in your throat, all the while licking you until you came at the same time... 
as...  uhhhhhh!" David's words became faster and faster until he came before finishing his sentence, his earlier frustrations from being teased
contributing to his explosive ejaculation inside Kate.

"That was amazing," David said after he had recovered his breath.  Kate slid carefully off him and began untying him.

"Well, I try," she said modestly.  David's blindfold prevented him seeing the big grin across her face as she said it.








Pillow Talk part 3
by Some Writer




David knocked on his own front door.  He had known he would be working late, so he had given Kate his key to let herself in.  Hearing the knock, Kate 
skipped down the hallway to open the front door, excited by what she had been doing.

"Stay right there," she told her boyfriend.  "Don't say a word.  In fact - yes, stay there, don't say anything."  David opened his mouth to speak, 
before his mind caught up and he stopped himself.  He took off his shoes and waited patiently, a little puzzled, as Kate dashed off into the flat.  
She returned holding, 
much to David's surprise, a rubber ball-gag from his bag of toys.  Kate put a finger to her lips to emphasise that he should stay quiet, and David 
obediently opened his mouth, allowing Kate to insert the rubber ball.

Kate had never used a gag before, but she quickly observed how the ball popped into David's mouth, wedging his jaw open while his teeth trapped the 
ball in his mouth.  She pulled the leather straps up behind his head and buckled them quite tightly.  David's eyes continued to indicate his 
bewilderment as Kate took his hand and led him into the kitchen, like she would a child.

David sat on the chair as directed.  Kate left the room and re-appeared holding a piece of paper and a pencil.  She set them down on the table in 
front of David.  "Fill this in," she explained.  "No questions, rap on the table when you're done so I know to come and collect it."  David frowned as 
Kate flounced away and then he looked down at the paper.

It was a questionnaire, but like none that David had ever filled in before.  Each question asked his opinion on a different sex toy or fetish.  He 
flicked through the pages; the list was fairly comprehensive.  Toys ranging from different bondage gear to strap-ons to whips, and questions about 
role-playing and discipline and things David hadn't even heard of before.  He set about filling it in with relish, arousal and curiosity growing in 
equal measure.

Kate waited impatiently in the other room for a sound from the kitchen.  He seemed to be taking ages.  Well, the questionnaire was long she supposed, 
but still - she wanted him to hurry up and finish.  Finally she heard the tap of his knuckles on wood and she leapt up and hurried into the kitchen.
She snatched the questionnaire from him, and left the kitchen immediately, calling "Stay!" over her shoulder.

David waited for twelve minutes before Kate came back, according to the clock on the kitchen wall that he was reduced to watching.  Occasionally 
during that period Kate had shouted that he should wait, and that she was almost done.  When she finally did return, she was in a jubilant, bossy 
mood.

"Stand up," she told him.  When he had done so she added: "Strip from the waist down, I want to see your cock."  David obeyed, quickly removing his 
socks, trousers and underwear.  His cock was still enlarged, but hung loose and flimsy in the evening air.  Kate was feeling incredibly horny, but she  
did not want David to know that just yet.  "Follow me," she told him, and she walked off.  David followed her into the bedroom, 
feeling slightly foolish at being semi-naked with the gag still in his mouth.

Kate put her hands above his waist and guided him into position, standing beside the bed, facing it.  "Stay still," she ordered him.  David stood 
still, listening as he heard Kate undress behind him.  "I guess you're probably pretty perplexing right now," she said.  "I got a bonus at work today 
and I 
decided to spend it on us.  So having found out what you liked and didn't, I just placed a rather large order online for a whole load of toys for us."
David's heart start beating faster, and his cock began to harden.

"It's going to be a surprise as to what I've bought," Kate continued, "but it's fair to say that your ass," she said as she grabbed one of his naked 
buttocks and squeezed it, "won't be safe from my attentions.  Now, close your eyes."  David shut his eyes and Kate, now naked, walked round in front 
of him and lay on the bed.  She lay on her front, with her head facing David's rapidly hardening dick.  "Take a small step forward," she murmured and 
he obeyed.  She took the head of his cock in her mouth and helped it reach complete erection.

"Come over here and fuck me," Kate said huskily.  David opened his eyes and looked down at Kate, who was stretched out on the bed, her smooth back 
leading to her pert buttocks, and her legs stretched out beyond that, slightly spread.  David, still gagged, eagerly clambered onto the bed and took 
up a position above her, his body exactly above hers.  He reached down and guided his cock between her legs, below her buttocks to where her drenched 
pussy lay waiting for him.  Kate gasped and shudder as he entered her, the position making him feel larger than usual.  David was all over her, his 
legs straddling hers, the weight of his hips squashing her derriere, his torso above hers.  She could hear him breathing heavily above her, and yet 
she could not see him at all.

Unsure of what to do with her hands, Kate fidgeted.  To her surprise, David grabbed her arms and pinned them down forcefully.  He began to thrust, 
hard, forcibly, strongly into her, his body in total domination of hers.  Yet he did not speak, the gag prevented him, a symbol of her hold over him, 
a brand on him.  Kate's man fucked her relentlessly, driven by the passion she incited in him.  Kate found it almost too much to take, and yet when 
she cried out it was ecstasy, not discomfort, that powered her exhortations.

She came slightly before him, calling out his name as he reached his own climax and poured his seed into her.  They panted for a few seconds and then 
David release his grip on her, withdrew and elevated his body.  Kate rolled over beneath him, and reached up to release his gag.  He exercised his jaw 
and then smiled at her.  Kate wrapped her arms around him and drew him back to down her.  They hugged, a naked and sweaty embrace between two lovers.

"Looking forward to our new presents?" Kate whispered in his ear.

"Can't wait," David said, the excitement evident in his voice.  "Is there anything for me to use on you?"

"There might be," Kate said circumspectly, "but I'll be busy with you first.  You don't get a say in that."

"Sounds good to me," David said, and he drew back from the hug so that they could begin the unexciting, unglamourous process of cleaning up.







Pillow Talk part 4
by Some Writer




Kate knocked urgently on David's door, excited by the simple text message he had sent her: "The parcel has arrived."  Since they spent most of their 
time at David's flat it had made sense to send it there, but she had made him swear that he would not open it.

"It's here then?" Kate asked when David let her in.  "You haven't opened it have you?"

"I wouldn't dare," David said as they walked into the living room where the box sat in the centre of the floor.  "Do I get to see what you've bought?"

"Why would you want to see when you can experience?" Kate asked suggestively.  "Sit on the sofa and don't look."  Kate dragged the box behind the sofa 
and tore it open.  She had spent the last few days planning what to do, so all she needed to do was find what she was looking for.  David listened 
intently to the sounds of ripping cardboard, the rustling of packing foam, and the ripping of plastic packaging.  Suddenly Kate tossed a blindfold 
into David's lap.

"I want you to go into the bedroom, strip naked for me, get on the bed on all-fours, put the blindfold on and wait.  Understand?"

"Yes," David said, and got up to go the bedroom.  As he walked around the sofa he tried to sneak a look at the box but Kate had closed the lid to deny 
him any information.  While David removed his clothes in the bedroom, Kate found the other items she would need, and prepared one item that she knew 
would surprise David later.

David did not have to wait long before he heard Kate enter the bedroom behind him.  His cock was already hardening, and because of Kate's warning a 
few days before, his ass seemed to be extra sensitive.  He could feel the cold air against his exposed hole, vulnerable to her unrevealed intentions.

"Hands by your sides," Kate told him, and he moved his arms from beside his head to beside his feet, lowering his head onto the mattress in the 
process.  Kate smiled as she watched his ass rise slightly.  She was not particularly attracted to David's derriere, or at least not the wrinkled ring 
that she could now see before her, but the thought of playing with it was delightfully taboo.  So many men seemed aghast at the idea, automatically 
associating 
the penetration of their rear entrance with homosexuality.  They assumed that any activity in the area would cause terrible damage to their 
their masculinity and dignity.  Kate wondered briefly if homosexual men had any such problems or resistance to the idea with their partners.

Kate knew that David would willingly surrender that part of himself that so many other men would fiercely guard, and it felt like a much 
more important submission than allowing her to restrain him.  The restraints only prevented physical resistance, but David was choosing to allow her 
control him.  His body would be completely hers.  Kate snapped herself out of her thoughts, and picked up David's wrists, pulling them up onto his 
back just above his bottom.  He offered no resistance as she attached the new leather cuffs she had bought, and the attached the two cuffs to each 
other using two clips separated by a short length of chain.

In one of his hands, she placed a new medium-sized plug, ready-encased in a condom.  She grasped the fingers of his other hand in her own and extended 
them before squirting lubricant onto them.  "I want you to show me you do this," Kate told him.  David ran his lubricated fingers all over the plug in 
his other hand until he had managed to coat the plug.  He felt for his exposed asshole with his greased fingers.  He began 
pressing the centre of his ring until it slowly gave way and accepted his finger.  He slid it in and out, before deciding that two fingers would be 
necessary prior to trying the plug.

Kate watched avidly as David used two digits to finger-fuck his own ass in front of her.  She had made him do it himself this first time so that she 
could watch and learn.  The process was not in itself very visually appealing but him doing this for her had a certain sexiness to it, an intimacy 
that Kate could  not describe.  She smiled as he put the tip of the plug against his still slightly open ass, and moved closer for a better look.

David felt his ass widen to accept the plug that he was forcing in.  He pushed firmly and it went easily.  He gasped as it passed its widest point and 
he felt his ass suddenly close around it.

"How does that feel?" Kate asked, as she tenderly rubbed his buttocks.

"Good."

"Yeah?  Does it turn you on?"

"Ummm-hmmm," David answered affirmatively.  Kate took her hands away and suddenly David felt his ankles pulled out from under him.  He fell onto 
his torso, and his erect cock was slightly crushed beneath him.  He cried out slightly, more in surprise than in pain.  His ankles were pulled, one  
over the top of the other and David instinctively rolled with them, onto his back, his own weight trapping his bound hands beneath him.  He felt cloth 
around his ankles, and realised that Kate was putting his underwear back on him.  He was confused, but lifted his pelvis  
up when she commanded him to, and then his dick was covered, as yet untouched.  He hesitated when he felt his trousers being pulled up his legs.

"Is there a problem?" Kate asked nonchalantly as she redressed her charge.

"Well, it was just - I thought..."

"You thought what?"

"Never mind."

"Tell me," Kate said sternly.

"I thought you'd - you know - pleasure me," David said, almost whining.

"Pleasure you how?  What did you imagine?"

"I thought you would give me head, or maybe go on top for some sex," he admitted.

"Well, you'll just have to forget those ideas for now.  Bum in the air," Kate said, and slid David's trousers up before zipping and buttoning them up 
and helping him to his feet.  She removed his blindfold and led him back to the sofa in the living room.  He walked awkwardly, hampered partly by his 
hands being behind his back, but mainly because of the plug nestled in his ass.  Kate was bemused by David's slightly bizarre gait, but pleased by the 
sight she had caught of his hard cock as she had dressed him.  He was as turned on as she had intended him to be.  She led her man, naked from the 
waist up, to the sofa and helped him sit down.

"I'll show you some of the other things in the parcel now," she told him, and began opening more of the items and laying them out on the floor in 
front of David.  There were some more plugs, some vibrators, various bondage gear and also a pair of porn DVDs.  Kate slotted one into the player and 
turned on the TV.  She skipped through the facade of a plot until there was a sex scene.  The couple watched in silence, each becoming more aroused by 
the images in front of them.  David shifted position slightly, to better sit with the plug in his ass.

"I'm getting quite turned on," Kate announced artificially after a few minutes.  "Say - how would you like to lick my pussy?"

"Yes.  Definitely," David replied, slightly startled.

"Say it."

"I want to lick your pussy."

"Beg," Kate said, with a slight sneer on her lips.

"Please let me lick your pussy," David said woodenly.  "Please, just let me lick it and then stick my cock in it, please let me come, or just lick 
you, I want you."  He suddenly realised quite how desperate he was for her to do something, anything, other than just sit here, his erection bulging 
untouched, unserviced in his trousers.

"I'm afraid you can't.  Do you want to know why?"

"Yes, tell me."

"Because my pussy is inaccessible at the moment."  As David watched intently, Kate reached down and unbuttoned her jeans then unzipped her fly 
agonisingly slowly.  David 
caught sight of black leather in a line across her abdomen as the two sides of her jeans fell away, and wondered what she was wearing.  He got his 
answer when she reached the bottom and a long beige dildo flopped out into view.  She was wearing a strap-on dildo.  His own cock felt like it was 
going to burst free of his trousers of its own accord.  He had not dared hope that she would buy one, let alone use it immediately.

"You'd like that in your ass wouldn't you?" she teased.  David stared at it.  He was still shocked - had she been wearing it all this time?

"Yes.  Yes, I want you to put that in my ass."

"And then?"

"Then I want you to fuck me with it."  Kate smiled at David's pleas.

"Well, I'm not going to satisfy your request.  Do you know what I'm going to do instead?"

"Make me lick it?" David asked, still unable to take his eyes off it.

"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" Kate asked, her eyes narrowing.  She had not considered ever doing that.

"Yes," David realised.  "Yes, I would."

"Say it."

"I'd like you to make me lick it, and fuck my mouth with it."  Kate had not expected him to want that, but decided to remember it for the future and 
instead continue with her original plan.

"I'm not going to do that either.  I'm going to make you wait."  David felt like shouting at her in frustration.  If his hands had been free he might 
have considered taking her there and then.  But he stopped himself and said nothing.  They watched the porn in silence.  Kate was looking straight 
ahead but out of the corner of her eye she could see that David was frequently casting his eyes down to the dildo in her lap.  She smiled.

"Go into the bedroom," she said softly after a few minutes.  David immediately did as Kate suggested.  She stood up and let her jeans drop to the 
floor before stepping out of them and following David into the bedroom.  She made him lie on his back before removing his trousers, noting with 
satisfaction that his cock was rock-hard.  She lay down beside him.

"Straddle me," she told him, and she helped him balance as he awkwardly stretched his leg to the other side of her, leaving him on his knees astride 
her.  She picked up his blindfold from where she had discarded it on the bed, and he ducked his head to allow her to reach up and put it back on him.

"I want you to take out the plug, and put my cock in your ass," Kate said, enjoying the reference to her new prosthesis.  David tugged the plug in 
his ass and it slid out of him with a slightly unpleasant sensation.  He tossed it aside before taking hold of the slippery rubber head of Kate's 
new toy.  He guided it to his still-dilated ass and began easing it inside.  Kate watched the 
slightly pained expression on his face as he took the large phallus inside himself.  Once he was sat on top of her, impaled on her rubber rod, she 
ran her hands down his thighs.

"How does that feel?" she asked, slightly concerned that it was too much for him.

"Good," David answered, enjoying the stuffed, stretched, sated feeling in his ass.  It was as if he was somehow complete with the intruder inside 
him, filled with something that only Kate could give him.  He wondered if this was how she felt during sex.  Below him, unseen, Kate was slowly 
removing her T-shirt and bra.

"Lick my finger," Kate said as David felt her press it against her lips.  He did so, and once she had drawn it away he heard her moan softly.  His 
cock twitched in the open air.  "My nipples are all hard now," she told him.  "Would you like to see them?"

"Yes," he said earnestly, longing for more stimulation.

"Would you like to come over them?"  With that, David thought for a moment that he might come over them right then, without any stimulation.

"Yes," he groaned.  His blindfold was removed, and he blinked in the light before staring down at Kate's breasts.  They were flattened slightly by 
gravity, but David could still make out the gorgeous curves where they joined her body.  Her nipples were hard as she had said, formed into flat 
topped cones that pointed into the sky and outwards from her chest.  Kate picked up the tube of lubricant from where she had left it earlier, and 
lathered her hands in it.  David pushed forward slightly as he watched her reach out and grasp the base of his cock in her fist.  She began pulling 
along its length towards her, and then her other hand did the same.  She kept pulling her hands along his swollen cock in rotation.  Each time the 
foreskin covered so much of the head of his penis that it gave him almost no stimulation.  Kate continued teasing him like this for a while, and then 
looked up at him.

"Do you want me to go the other way - towards not away?" she suggested.  David merely nodded, his eyes revealing his frustration.  Kate obliged and 
watched his anguish 
turn to bliss as she slowly dragged her tight fist down his cock towards him.  It felt to him as if he was entering her over and over again, the 
pleasure never having to end as he ploughed deeper and deeper inside her.  He shouted as he came, jet after jet of hot come spilling forth onto Kate's 
stomach and breasts as he watched it defile her naked body.  Kate watched the effects of her domination with glee.

"So what did you think?" Kate asked when he finally finished.

"Best orgasm I've ever had," David panted.  She looked up at him and knew that he meant it.

"Well, I'm sure I can do better next time," she said with a laugh.  "Now let's get this all cleaned up."











Pillow Talk part 5
by Some Writer




"You're perfect, did you know that?" David told Kate one evening, as they lay in bed together.

"How's that?" Kate asked.

"What do you mean how?  You just are.  There's nothing bad about you."

"Are we talking girlfriend, or are we talking sex?"

David felt a pang of guilt.  "Sex-wise," he admitted, then tried to make light of it: "You're definitely not perfect girlfriend-wise; you make me do 
half the cooking and cleaning!"  Kate laughed indignantly and playfully tried to swat him with her pillow.

"I'm not perfect sex-wise.  There's loads of things wrong."

"Come on then - like what?"

"Well, my body for starters.  My breasts are only a B-cup, and the nipples look like they're trying to run away from each other."

"I think your breasts are just the right size.  Not big enough to droop, but large enough for me to cup.  And I think it's cute that your nipples 
point like that."

"Hmm, well my stomach is curved not flat - "

"What little curve there is, is very cute."

"Let me finish a sec," Kate said.  "I know you'd like me to be shaved down below but I'm not so that's not perfect for you, and my bum is a bit too 
big.  My legs are ok I guess."

"Come on - you know how much I like bottoms!  I love yours.  It's better the size it is than being too small - there'd be nothing for me to 
grab.  And as for the shaving, I understand that it gets itchy and that's why you don't like it, but better to have a woman who does what she wants 
than just blindly agree with all my requests."

"I'm well aware that you like a woman who does what she wants," Kate said, raising her eyebrows devilishly.

"That just helps prove my point.  You're surely perfect in the sexual preferences and adventure category.  You seem to love just about 
everything I love."

"It's true, but I'm not actually very good at the basic things.  I don't give a very good hand job, my blow jobs 
are not very good, I can't really give a tit job, and I'm not amazing at the actual sex.  I'm awful, frankly!"

"That's not really -"

"Ok," Kate interjected.  "Answer this completely honestly, I won't get mad at all.  Am I the best you've ever been with at any of those things?"  
David paused.  He considered a white lie to try and save Kate's feelings, but he knew she wouldn't want that.  She had asked for the truth, and she 
meant it.

"For most of them, no.  I'll tell you something that you are the best at though - you are not afraid to go on top, unlike all the other girls I've 
met."

"More fool them.  So now I have to ask - who was the best at the other bits?" Kate asked.  David felt like he was edging onto thin ice.

"The best handjob was probably Sarah.  The best blowjob was definitely Veronica.  I've never really been into tit jobs, but that was probably Sarah, 
because she had quite large tits," David spoke slowly, feeling incredibly awkward.

"You don't like talking about things like this do you?" Kate asked.

"No, it feels kinda strange, talking to you about how good previous girlfriends are."

"Ok, I'll stop.  I think I proved my point anyway."

"Maybe not total perfection then," David admitted, "but you're still the best I'm ever going to have."

"That," Kate said, planting a kiss on David's forehead, "that I can be happy with."

David paused, appreciating the tenderness of the moment.  He thought for a moment, and then decided to obey his impulse; he slid his hand over to 
Kate, and inside the waistband of her pyjama trousers.  He felt her knickers, and the hardness of the sanitary towel beneath them.

Kate looked condescendingly at David.  "If you'll remember, this is the wrong time of the month for that."

"Oh," David said sheepishly.

Kate couldn't stifle a laugh at his ill-conceived attempt, and it burst out of her in a snort.  David looked hurt for a second, but then couldn't help 
joining in, and they both began laughing.

* * *

Several weeks later, Kate lay in bed, her book open, but her eyes were not focused at all on the text.  She was concentrating on trying to find the 
words to bring up the question nagging at her.  Something that she had wanted to ask David all day but had kept putting off.  She steeled herself, and 
blurted it out: 

"Do you think we should move in together?"

"I thought we already had," David observed.

"Hey!" Kate said, slapping his arm.  "I only stay over... almost every weekend.  But it would be good to make that permanent, and move my stuff over.  
Except that I think we'd need a bigger place for the both of us."

"I'd love to move in with you," David said, smiling.  Kate beamed back.  "Should we hunt for houses to rent then?"

"Yep, sounds good.  That was a quick decision!"  Kate was surprised by how smoothly it had gone; for some reason, she had expected David to be 
hesitant.

"I guess so.  But if we both want it, where's the problem eh.  So what sort of thing do we want?"

"For the right sort of size we'll probably want a two-bedroom place.  We can use one of the bedrooms as a spare bedroom and store lots of things like 
books in there, then put the computer in the living room with the TV, and then have a kitchen and bathroom of course.  Another room wouldn't go 
amiss."

"Not that you've been thinking about it already," David teased.

"Well, it may have crossed my mind.  Of course, we'd want a king-sized bed and suitable bedroom."

"So suitable means large?"

"Yes.  And anything else we could think of," Kate said cryptically.

"Ooh, say like a place to put some bolts and eyeholes in the ceiling?"

"Now you're talking.  The bed would also have to have a suitable frame - maybe wrought iron headboard with lots of holes and bars?"

"Naturally.  Anything else?"

"A dungeon would be brilliant," Kate laughed.  "But somehow I don't think many houses come with their own S&amp;M dungeon!"

"Shame, I think it would put the value up," David observed.  "So moving in, huh?  The start of a new era."

"A wonderful new era," Kate promised.  They drew closer to each other, and kissed.  They kissed for a long time, tenderly.  Kate reached her arm 
around David and drew him to her tightly.  They kissed again, and slowly rolled over so that David was above Kate.  As their lips gently tussled with 
each other, David's hardening penis began pressing against Kate's crotch.  Kate reached down and began tugging her pyjamas down her legs.  David drew
his own legs up to straddle Kate's chest and allow her to pull her trousers down her bent legs.

David shuffled his legs back down as Kate reached underneath him and tugged his hard dick through the slit in his boxers.  She guided the head, slick 
with pre-come to the bottom of the fur between her legs.  David pushed gently forwards and penetrated her slowly, causing her to exhale slightly.  
They kissed again once he was inside her.  Kate pulled her legs up and wrapped them around him as he began softly rocking his pelvis backwards and 
forwards.  

After a time, they stopped kissing and David buried his head over Kate's left shoulder.  She put her left hand on the back of his head tenderly, while 
she put her right arm across his back, her legs still wrapped around him and her ankles locked, one over the other.  David began thrusting harder, 
his back arching and straightening like the tide, rocking the two intertwining bodies as he swelled forward and then drifted back.  Kate held him to 
her as tightly as she could without interrupting his movements, revelling in each thrust.

Their murmurs of pleasure were quiet to the point of silence, but pleasure surged within them both; feelings of joy that went beyond the physical 
pleasure in their loins.  However, it was their bodies that dictated the duration of their coupling and they could both feel their climax welling up 
inside them.  They came together, their bodies buckling and rippling against each other, an ecstatic clash of limbs and torsos.

"I love you," David said, pulling his head up.

"I love you too," Kate said, and neither of them could stop smiling.







Pillow Talk part 6
by Some Writer




"David."

"Hmmm?" he answered in the darkness.

"Why haven't you dominated me recently?"

"I tied you up for sex last week," David told her, puzzled.

"You've tied me up for sex a few times, but you haven't really gone for it, you know?  It's just been cuffs plus sex, no drive behind it.  No... 
inventiveness.  Do you understand what I mean?"

"Yes, I do."

"If you're not interested any more then just say so, but I thought it was your thing."

"It is.  It's just... I've been under quite a bit of pressure at work and I haven't had time to think of anything exciting.  I want to, though."

"Ok.  Well I'm going to be away this week, so why don't you try and think of something before next weekend?" Kate suggested.

"Ok, I'll try."

Kate rolled over and tried to get to sleep.  After a minute or two, David spoke again: "Part of the problem is that I'm not sure what you like."

"Isn't the point of the thing that you should do what you like, and make me go along with it?"

"Well, yes.  That's the way I usually would have done it before.  But when you take control with me, you always do things that you know I'll enjoy, so 
I feel guilty of I think of things that you wouldn't like."

"Well, why not just try some things, and I'll let you know which bits I liked?"

"Hmmm ok, maybe," David said weakly.

* * *

A week later, Kate arrived home from her trip late on Friday night.  She had promised David she would be at his house the following morning.  Just 
inside her door she found a letter with David's hand-writing on the front.  Intrigued, she picked it up and ripped open the envelope.  The letter 
inside read simply:

"Have a shower before you come round.  Wear your hair in a pony tail and wear your best underwear."

None of that was a huge surprise (Kate usually showered at David's because his shower was superior to hers).  And yet, David had never done anything 
before that this level of preparation indicated.  Kate could feel excitement building in her stomach.  However, it did not surpass her overwhelming 
tiredness after a busy week, and she headed to bed and fell asleep quickly.

* * *

Kate knocked on David's door.  She was apprehensive, and strangely nervous.  David answered the door and smiled at her.

"Strip naked," he said as soon as the door was closed.  A second of shock passed for Kate and then the message filtered through to her brain.
She obeyed and began taking off her clothes, quickly folding them into a neat pile.  "Go into the bedroom," David added and followed her through his 
flat.  "Lie on the bed on your back," was David's last command before he blindfolded Kate.  He picked up the spreader bar, one of his original toys 
that was not bought in Kate's order and used it to cuff her ankles.  He took a collar and fastened it around Kate's neck.

"Don't worry, it's very loose," he told her as he picked up the bar between her legs and pulled it strongly up and over her head.  Taking a length of 
light chain he looped it around the bar and tied it to the front of the collar.  If anything the chain would pull the collar forwards, away from her 
windpipe.  Kate wondered what David would do next; her arms will still free, but with her legs now held high above her head, her pussy was very 
vulnerable and she suspected it was for a reason.

David silently undressed, not wanting Kate to hear his movements.  He knelt on the bed just beyond her exposed derriere and glanced at Kate's exposed 
pubic bush.  He subconsciously licked his lips even though he did not plan to taste her just yet.

"Spread your pussy open with one hand, and use the other to masturbate," David said, surprising himself as much as Kate with his bold command.  
Although he had done similar with previous girlfriends, he had not yet ordered Kate about in such a fashion.  He hoped she would enter into the spirit 
of it.  Kate slid her left hand between her legs and then the first two digits of her left hand down into her slit.  She opened the fingers wide, and 
felt the air against the tender skin inside her spread lips.  She followed her left hand with her right, and extended the first two digits of her 
right hand down, onto her clitoris.

She began rubbing herself, imagining David sitting on the bed, leering over the sight of her most guarded secrets as she abased herself at his 
command.  The thought was incredibly arousing.

David sat, idly stroking his cock into hardness as he watched Kate masturbate.  He knew it would take her longer than him to get close to orgasm as he 
wanted them both to be, so he was in no hurry.  He wondered what Kate was feeling - whether she was embarrassed or turned on.  When you have someone
blindfolded and tied up, it becomes hard to tell.

As Kate rubbed herself, she found her mind wandering to what David might have planned.  Would he let her finish himself off or did he plan to stop 
her?  Would that be it then or did he have a much longer day planned?  Would she be his sex toy for hours on end, forced to obey his every sordid 
desire?  She felt herself becoming more turned on.

Kate was becoming wetter than David had expected - perhaps the result of not having had sex for a week, he was unsure.  Not only was her pubic hair 
becoming moist now, but he could see her juices flowing down over the lip formed by the base of her vagina.  He watched transfixed as the wetness ran 
to the exposed corrugated bud of her bottom.  He reached out his left middle finger and pressed it against her rear entrance as her natural 
lubrication paused in the well formed by her sphincter.

Kate gasped loudly as suddenly David's finger slid inside her ass.  She felt herself opening up in a way that she never had before, her rear 
invaded for the first time ever by her captor's finger.  "That's weird," she reported, "that's very odd."

David's heart swelled at the feeling of Kate's warm muscles gripping his finger tightly, as if trying to crush it.  He felt her muscles tightening 
reflexively, trying to expel him.  He revelled in the sensation, and stroked himself faster, imagining that it was his dick rather than his digit 
inside her tight derriere.

"Ugggh, no, that's too strange," Kate said more urgently as she squirmed as best she could, impaled by David's finger.  David saw that she was getting 
very uncomfortable and quickly withdrew his finger.  Within a minute Kate seemed to have forgotten about it and was beginning to moan quietly as her 
pleasure began accumulated towards her final release.  David realised that they were both almost ready for the next stage.

Kate felt something against her vagina, and then David was sliding inside her, entering her with his hard dick, penetrating her vagina easily.  She 
began rubbing faster, knowing that she was well on her way to her climax.  Then her arms were pulled sideways by the elbows and David was grabbing her 
wrists, pulling her arms away from her body and pinning her down.  "Do you want to come?" he asked her from somewhere that sounded far above her.

"Yes," she said, dizzy with excitement.

"Then call my name," he told her as he began thrusting, slamming his hips forward against her thighs, just hard enough to catch her clitoris with each 
thrust.  His strong arms pinned hers down easily, leaving her totally at his mercy.

"Oh, David, David, David.  Fuck me, make me come David, harder, harder, make me come make me makeme makemecome!"  Kate was screaming as she came, and 
David was driving home into her, finding his own release inside her.  He withdrew, and Kate lay for a second, recovering her wits.  David took off her 
blindfold, and as she blinked her eyes against the light flooding in, he took advantage of her situation by grabbing one hand and cuffing it to the 
nearby corner of the bed.  She had no time to resist before he did the same to the other hand, leaving her helpless once more.  

David released her legs from the spreader and removed her collar.  He stuffed a wad of tissues into the crack of her ass so that they protruded like a 
white flower blossoming from underneath her.  Then he left the room.

Kate considered calling after him, but decided better of it.  This was the second time he had denied her the opportunity to clean herself up after sex 
- it must be a fetish of his, she decided.  She felt some come running slowly out of her vagina and grimaced when she felt it emerge with a popping 
sensation and flow down on the tissue.  It was certainly not something that she enjoyed.

She lay and waited, unable to free herself, and finding it very hard to take her mind off the unpleasant sensations in her crotch as David's parting 
seminal gift dribbled from her.

David sat in the other room, reading the newspaper.  He had cleaned himself up and was waiting until he felt a faint stir in his loins that indicated 
he was almost ready to return to Kate.

Kate strained her neck to look up as she heard David re-enter the room.  He was still naked, his penis hanging flaccidly between his legs.  He removed 
the sticky wad of tissues and threw them in the bin before picking up Kate's blindfold from earlier and putting it back on her.  Kate shivered 
slightly in anticipation.  She felt David's hands between her legs, pushing them apart and putting something over her groin and lifting up her bottom 
to attach some straps.

David smiled as he fixed into place one of his favourite of Kate's purchases, although he had not yet used it.  It was a clitoral vibrator held on 
with straps, but with a wireless remote control for turning it on and off.  Impulsively, he shifted up the bed and straddled Kate's chest, resting 
lightly on her ribcage, his dick flopping between Kate's breasts - they nestled in the gaps between his scrotum and thighs, in the same way her 
ass did during certain sex positions.

Kate felt a humming in her crotch as the vibrator strapped to her was turned on.  She tried to settle down to enjoy it, despite the distraction 
provided by David rolling her small breasts towards each other to wrap around his cock.

David watched a smile creep across Kate's face as she began to enjoy the buzzing of the mechanical toy on the most sensitive part of her body.  He 
continued to amuse himself with her tits, squashing them against his hardening cock, rubbing them slightly up and down its length, tweaking and 
pinching the nipples.  Kate ignored David's fondling and instead concentrated on the powerful vibrator between her thighs.  It felt very good, and she 
could feel tension building up inside her.  She began to moan softly in anticipation, and David stopped the vibrator, and climbed off her body.

"Don't tease," Kate said softly but indignantly.  There was a pause, and the room was silent with anticipation, before the vibrator was turned on 
again.  Within half a minute she was moaning again, her orgasm building again, and David switched it off again.  "Hey!" she cried.

David leaned over slightly and said calmly: "You'd better be nice if you want me to turn it on again."  Kate felt like shouting at him, but swallowed 
heavily and composed herself.

"Please," she said meekly and the vibrator was switched on again.  She began to moan, and her legs began to shake as the sexual tensions built up 
inside her.  David switched it off again.  Kate bit her lip gently and said nothing.  A minute later, it was switched on again.  Kate was determined
not to moan - not to give him any signs of how close she was.  But her body betrayed her, trembling all over now, like a volcano building up to 
eruption.  She was on the edge, on the precipice willing her descent into ecstasy.  The vibrator was switched off.

"Please let me come, let me come, let me come!" Kate begged insistently, her body still shaking, denied its release.

"Maybe I will," David said, idly running a teasing finger up and down the inside of Kate's thighs, where he knew her skin was especially sensitive.

"Please," Kate said, injecting as much emotion as she possibly could into the single word.  David relented and switched the vibrator on.

Kate began writhing around as the toy commenced its buzzing, the temporary denial of her pleasure only enhancing the sensations now she had finally 
been rewarded.  Her legs shook and her climax spasmed through her body.  Instead of relaxing though, her body remained tense, all her muscles 
strained.  This time her whole body shook, uncontrollably, and Kate felt like she was going to tear herself apart, and then the second orgasm went 
through her, pleasure so intense that she thought she might pass out.  As her body continued to shake, she felt a third and final, tiny, climax pass 
through her.   "Turn it off," she said weakly.

David slid the switch to off.  He had never seen a woman have a multiple orgasm before, and had always thought it was a myth.  It was real, and it was 
incredibly arousing to watch.  He shuffled round to her spread thighs and swiftly removed the toy.  He pressed the head of his dick against her 
opening.

"No!" Kate cried urgently.  "No, please don't."

"Why not?" David asked, puzzled.

"It's so sensitive, so sore.  Please don't."

"I want to come," David said, half dominant-insisting and half plain-fact.

"Don't, don't fuck my pussy."

"Maybe I should fuck your ass instead?" David asked, picking up her legs and pushing them towards her, exposing her ass.

"No, not my ass!  Not my ass."

"You have to choose," David said, enjoying the effect of his power on Kate.  He loved it when a woman squirmed and begged under his influence.

"Neither," Kate said.  And then, her senses returning to her after her powerful triple orgasm: "I'll use my mouth instead."

"So now you want me to fuck you in the mouth?"

"Yes, I do."

"Say it."

"Please fuck me in the mouth, please," Kate begged, aware that there was no way her pussy could stand up to the rough attentions of his cock.  She 
felt her head being gently pulled forward, and a pillow (or two?  she couldn't tell) being slid in underneath to elevate her head.  Then David was 
straddling her, legs almost wedged into her armpits, exposed by her arms still being bound to the corners of the bed.  She opened her mouth and 
stretched forwards to try to find his cock.  She bumped against the head and then took it in her mouth.  She began awkwardly sliding her head back 
and forth.

David took hold of her head and held it still.  He whipped off her blindfold and she closed her eyes to protect them.  "You didn't ask to suck me 
off," he said firmly, "you asked me to fuck your mouth."  Both hands on her head, he held there her while he began thrusting his cock in and out of 
her maw, his cock sliding alternately along her velvet tongue and the smooth roof of her mouth.

Kate had never said David so in control, so stern and commanding.  Her arousal had evaporated during the heat of her orgasms so it did not excite her 
now, but she instead thought about it dispassionately, her mind trying to flee her body, sore and worn out and being violated by her boyfriend.  All 
she could see was his abdomen swinging towards and then away from her face, and all she could do was watch and try not to choke.

David steadily fucked her mouth, his male instincts having taken over, the motion totally natural to him.  Fucking a woman's mouth was different to 
fucking her vagina or her ass.  It was not as tight as either of those, but it was more textured.  The feeling was not the flowing one of vaginal sex, 
but more like lots of small awkward blow-jobs, each thrust either catching hold of a wonderful sensation, or instead bouncing awkwardly off the walls 
of the woman's mouth.  David gained extra enjoyment from the additional feeling of domination it inspired in him, and the corresponding feeling of 
submission in the woman beneath him.  The mouth was used to give pleasure, skillfully and artistically, not be passively fucked, wantonly.

David began thrusting faster, mirroring the increase in the pleasure he was taking.  Kate began to struggle beneath him, her words muffled by his 
cock as she tried to plead with him not to ejaculate in her mouth.  Spittle escaped from the point where the corners of her lips encased his pistoning 
shaft.  When he could not hold it off any longer, David suddenly pulled out and grabbed hold of his cock in his fist.  Kate gasped, drawing in air 
while she could.  She looked at his hand, furiously stroking his cock, and realisation dawned.

She shut her eyes and her mouth just in time, wincing as the warm jets of semen landed on her face.  David groaned, his orgasm fuelled by the 
sensations and incited further by the sight of his come lacing Kate's face, defiling her visage.  He finished ejaculating, and Kate's expression was 
one of displeasure and disappointment.  For a brief moment she felt as if she might cry.  She kept her eyes and mouth closed, and she felt as if 
she was in limbo.

David tenderly pressed a tissue against her face, mopping up his own produce.  When she could no longer feel the wetness on her, Kate opened her eyes.
"You ok?" he asked her warmly.

"Yes, I think so," Kate said, and her face relaxed, and she smiled.

"I was worried that was too much."

"Almost," Kate admitted, "but not quite."

"Good.  You did well."

"Did you enjoy yourself?" she asked as he set about freeing her.

"Yes," she admitted.  "I think you've found what I like," she added with a smile.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





