BDSM Library - The Charm




The Charm
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: one mans fight to find myself






He sat on the bench and stared into the park, his spirit crushed and his heart broken...

When he had first appeared at the club he was naive and clueless but he was bold and full of ego...





The women of the club had seen right thu him.."Are you a Dom?" they asked, his ego and selfpride would not let him answer anything but "Yes"...

They had made short work of him...ripping away the facade that he had made for himself, in no time he was beaten and kneeling on the floor....the women had tricked him into removing his clothes..he was not shy....even in his forties he still had a well toned body...

they had swarmed around him...playing to his ego...he was in heaven...slowly they had run their hands over his chest...tenderly touching him...moving him slowly backward to the bar..

the blonde woman with large breasts had opened her shirt..he stared at her tits with the rings thru her nipples and small chain between the them ...the way her tits moved held his gaze..he grabbed the chain...playfully pulling up on it...causing her nipples to yank upward....she moaned with pleasure....he was lost to the fact that the other women were slowly moving him to where they wanted ....they held his arms outward...kissing his neck and rubbing his chest...he bearly felt the ropes being placed on his wrists....A woman with long dark hair slowly knelt in front of him...his cock now hard as stone was inches from her face...she rubbed her hands up and down his legs....moving from the outside to the inner...bringing her hands slowly up to his cock...just brushing it with her fingernails...

he felt someone pulling on his legs..so he widened his stance...again he felt ropes being tied to him...this time his ankles....he tried to push foward with his cock...to shove it in her mouth...she moved back easily...laughing she leaned away from his cock...it was pulsing and dripping with precum...





His world changed in a instance...heaven became hell..the dark haired beauty at his feet with lightning speed slapped at his stiff cock...the pain shot thru him...she rose up...leaned into his ear.."I don't think so lover" her smile was one of a predator looking at her prey...he tried to move...but the ropes held him tight....she took hold of his cock..holding it like one would if they were holding a gear shift lever..she let her nails bite into the soft flesh under the head...the pain made him jerk and try to pull away..she laughed at him...Free me bitch..he screamed at her...he had begun to sweat...his cock now on fire with the pain from her nails...."Dom..huh?.I don't think so"..she slapped his cock again....they had spent over a hour whipping and teasing him....his cock would go soft...they would tease it, being it back to attenion..only to whip and torture it more...never letting him cum....when they had finished with their fun...they had cut the ropes and just walked away...he lay on the floor...covered in sweat and welts...

He was lost and confused, he wanted to belong but his battered ego told him to run....

Then like a shining light she had come thru the crowd..she offered her hand to him...she talked with him...gentlely guiding, helpping him to understand who and what he really was....they had talked for hours....when he left that nite he did so with a new direction in life....he was happy...





It was she who had given him his club name...and she gave him a small gold charm...

he wore the charm about his neck with pride...not as a symbol of ownership..or possession...but as a reminder of the beautiful lady who had been so kind..and helpped him find his way....it reminded him of who and what he was...he would never take it off...

When asked about his name or the charm her wore...he would smile to himself and reply.."the name was given to me..as was the charm..."...oh really?....who?.. they would ask....he would bow his head and say "it is not my place to say...."letting all the world know he was a sub...



&nbsp; 

As time passed he saw less and less of the beautiful lady...till one day she no longer appeared at the club....he was saddened by this but he knew time changes all things...

Then one day while talking to another member of the club...again the charm was mentioned...he told the story of the name and charm...this time the person knew the lady and had been there the night he was given the charm...so he openly said how he missed the beautiful lady and how nice it would be to talk with her again..

she had helpped him learn his place....he would have happily knelt before her...to kiss her feet...to grovel before her...wanting only to be at her command......

The reply stopped his heart and left him stunned....

"oh she's not gone...just changed her name and looks is all"





When he walked out of the club...he felt the charm around his neck...gone was the shinning reminder ....in it's place was a lifeless chunk of golden metal..gone was the pride ...the charm now only a weight that hung about his neck.....





he had wandered into the park...not caring where he went...he had tired and sat to think....

he wanted to cry...to scream....he was angry..

He would have done anything she asked...taken any punishment she wished to give...

he would have worn her marks with the pride.....taken any pain she wished to inflicked....

but the pain he felt was more then he could bear....

He did'nt know what to do....he wanted to throw the charm as far as he could...she had abandoned him...left without saying a word...only to return as someone else....

he felt like she had betrayed him....

It was then that he formed a plan to get even with her....two could play at her game....

He returned to the club...Using another name ...signing himself up for the next big meeting..



He knew what she liked...he knew her...or at least he thought he did.... He returned to his small apartment to make ready for the meeting that was in just two days.............



The meeting was more of a party then anything else...and this year it was to be a Masquerade .....he new just what to wear...it would draw her attention and he would close the trap....

 The party had was in full swing when he arrived...with flashing lights...ballons...subs walking around handing out drinks...He was wearing a full mask so drinking was out of the question...he would not remove his mask to even drink....The outfit he wore was of the finest slik...a pail yellow jumper and a mask of gold and black....the mask made him look evil...with the eyes outlined in black..with thin jagged stripes also in black running the lentgh of it..the jumpers arm and leg cuffs also lined with black....



He saw her across the room...holding court as usual...she was beautiful...in her bright red dress...her long black hair untied and flowing around her shoulders and down her back...she 

wore a small mask of matching red,trimmed in sliver...the dress was low cut...showing off her wonderful breast and tight little ass..... the dress and silver heels she wore made her toned and tan legs look a mile long....she looked like a ruby..glowing in the sun...



He walked passed her...just brushing against her...her drink wobbled in her hand...spilling a bit of fluid on her wrist...she turned to say something...and looked right into the golden mask...with the evil eyes..."Hey" she said..her background showing a bit....

Quickly he held up his hand....gently placing a finger on her exposed red lips...slowly shaking his head back and forth....Her eyes widened....she was not used to being told what to do...let alone in such a controling manner....

He turned and walked away....heading into the hallway that led to the private rooms the club kept in the back....

He knew she would follow...she could do nothing else....

He walked to the shadows and waited..soon she appeared..straining in the dim light to see where he had gone....as she walked right in front of him...he stepped out of the shadow and moved at her....she turned to him...and he moved in close..she backed against the wall...this time her drink completely spilling....the heavy rum drink had landed on the side of her dress and was running down her leg...again she started to say something but again he stopped her..holding a finger to her lips....he slowly brought his other hand up to her breast...pinching her nipple thu the thin fabric..she let out a moan..he held her tight against the wall....slowly using his free hand he placed it behind her neck....tighten his grip he twisted her nipple...she moaned louder as the pain shot thru her body....then he slowly began to run his hand down her stomach...making small circles as he went....

he let his hand slowly move to her side and down her hip...heading for the hem of her dress..he began to run his hand up under her dress...she pushed his hand down and way...looking down she said..."please not here..not in the hallway"...

He turned from her and walked down the hallway to a door...passing inside...he had not said a word the entire time....she followed him to the door..stopping inthe door way to look ...

the room contain a single padded heavy table and a chest in one corner....it was lit by candle light...It had a victorian look to it....



he turn to her and held out his hand....slowly she walked to him....he placed both hands on her shoulders..and began to move his hands up and down her neck...he moved his hands slowly back to her shoulders...this time taking the straps to her dress with them....



He pulled her dress down slowly...her beautiful tits freed from their restraints....

he let her dress fall to the floor....she was naked in front of him...he took her hand and lead her to the table...laying her on her back he moved her into place....genty he placed her wrists and ankles into the restraints...one at each corner.......



Her golden body glowed in the candle light..laying there spread eagle she was magnificent...her firm tits ached slighty upward...and the soft skin of her belly shinning in the glow of the candles....



slowly he ran his hands up her belly and down again...teasing her...a soft pur coming from her lips....gently he ran his hands to her breasts...circling her nipples..she began to moan slightly.."please" was all she would say...her eyes closed..enjoying the touch....

he placed both her nipples between his fingers and began to kneed them...slowly at first...applying more pressure and speed as time passed....he was pinching them hard now....her body ached to the pain....her lips parted and she began to moan louder....he took his hands from her nipples and began rubbing her belly again....she lay flat on the table...a slight disapointed sound coming from her mouth...he moved his hand to her cunt...rubbing gently on the lips of her sex ..letting one finger slip between her lips to just brush her clit....again she began to moan....pushing her pussy to his hand.....he smiled under his mask...removing his hand once again, he stepped back from the table....



Again the soft disapointed sound came from her lips.....he turn his back to her and walked to the chest in the corner.....he return and placed a box at the base of the table...

she could not see what was in the box.....the first thing he removed from the box was the clover clamps...with a small chain between them...these he placed on her nipples.....

A hiss of air excaped her lungs as he tighened them to her already sore nipples....her back arched as the pain wracked her body...."please sir...it hurts" she looked at him...tears began to run from under the mask she still wore...



He grabbed the chain between the clamps and lifted it up...pulling her nipples with it....

she screamed as the pain was now ten fold what it had been....he leaned in front of her face and slowly shook his head from side to side.....her eyes now wide with fear...she bit her lip to keep from begging him again....





he let go of the chain and walked to end of the table.....he returned to her and looking at her he held up another clamp...this was a massive thing with wide flat ends....

"oh god no" she said...please no she begged....

 

Using his free hand he parted the lips to her cunt...taking the clamp he placed it on her clit...tightening it till she was wailing and struggling to get away from the pain that invaded her body.....she arched her body...pulling on the restaints...the pain was massive..

it felt as if her entire body was on fire....again he return to the box...

This time in his hand he held a dildo...she was panting and sweat rolled off her body...she had never taken this much pain before....she saw the dildo in his hand and closed her eyes....it was hugh...at least 12 inches long and 2 1/2 inches thick...it was a monster....

he placed the head of it at her opening and twisting it slowly he push it in a inch....

she began to moan...the pain and now this rubber cock was pushing her to new limits....

he leaned into her...looking at her face...he spoke for the first time...in a deep voice he said "more?"...her body was wracked with pain from the clamps...and this fake cock just beginning to stretch her cunt open....



Still with her eyes closed she nodded....and whispered...."yes"..he shoved the cock into her...driving it 4 inches into her cunt...."aaaahhhhhh" she screamed ..her body slamming aganst the bonds that held her....slowly he pulled it back out and then gently push it back in...fucking her with it...over and over her slowly fucked her with the massive cock..pushing harder each time he shoved it into her....harder and harder he pushed...the monster slowly disapearing into her cunt....6, then 8, then ten inches were inside her...

fucking her cunt&nbsp; slowly moving in and out....



she began to moan wildly now...her orgasm building....he push the dildo into her...a full 11 inches and stopped....her coming orgasm stopped with the fucking....

he reached into the box and removed a thin silver chain...this he placed on the end of the rubber cock buried in her cunt...running it up to the chain that passed between her nipples he took out any slack and locked them together with a small hook...now if she tried to push the cock out of her soaking wet cunt...the chain would pull on her nipples..and still not let the cock be removed....



He walked to the head of the table and reached under it...flipping a catch the top part of the table he flipped it down...her head tilting down with it....

he placed his hands on both sides of her neck....slowly rubbing her throat with his thumbs...moving his hand up to her face he placed his thumbs to her lips...pushing them in he opened her mouth...she looked up at him and nodded...he quickly undid the front of his jumper...his cock sprang free...hard as a post....he placed his cock at her lips....

she stuck her tongue out and ran it around the head....it was drippng with precum and she lick it away....slowly he placed his hands back at her neck....thumbs again rubbing her throat..he began to push his cock into her waiting mouth...slowly at first..then with more speed he began to fuck her face...driving his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth...

he hit the back of her throat abd she gagged alittle..he pull out just enuff to stop her from choking...slowly he pushed again...hitting her throat..this time he did'nt stop...he shoved alittle harder and his cock entered her throat...her eyes were wide...the lack of air 

was causing her to panic...he pulled his cock out of her throat just long enuff for her to take a breath....she took a gasp and he drove his cock again down her throat....rubbing her neck with his thumbs he began to fuck her mouth....driving his cock in and out....his balls hitting her nose as he shoved it to the hilt....

she was moaning under his cock...her body was on fire from the clamps...and she had mistakenly tried to use her pussy muscles to expell the massive dildo shove in her cunt...

and the chain had yanked on her nipples causing them to once again send fire racing thu her body....

He would fuck her face for a short time then pull his cock back far enuff she could grab a breath of air...then he would shove it back again...doing this over and over....she could feel his cock start to pulse...she knew he was going to cum down her throat....she began to tighten her throat muscles...working his cock as it moved in and out...

her own fire was beginning to build...her cunt was dripping juice down the crack of her ass...and dripping on the table...she began to moan ....he knew she was also about to cum....while still fucking her mouth...he leaned over and spoke for the second time....



"CUM SLUT" was all he said....that was more then she could take...pushing her over the edge....her cunt locked onto the massive dildo and her throat tighened around his cock....

her orgasm rocked thu her..her body shaking from the power of it.....she felt him explode

into her throat....shooting load after load of cum into her belly...



he reached down and returned the table to it's up right&nbsp; place and released her from her bonds...she got off the table and knelt before him...she bowed her head and said....

"Master..that was wonderful".. he placed his hand under her chin and lifted her head...

he slowly removed his mask....her eyes flared at seeing him....then as if a light came on in her head....she smiled....again she bowed her head..."Master...you were wonderful"...

he placed the golden charm around her neck...it was a copy of the one he wore...

after all...sometimes we need a reminder of who we are....













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Twister


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





