BDSM Library - The Interrogation




The Interrogation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female Israeli interrogates a Lebanese boy. She's a professional torturer who uses a mix of sex and violence to get results. This story is based on current events in the middle east; I've tried to make it as authentic as I can, basing it in up to the minute events. More parts may follow depending on feedback, and how the current conflict pans out.







Story ideas



 
  Kennex
   jim
  2
  661
  2006-08-07T22:30:00Z
  2006-08-07T22:30:00Z
  1
  4925
  28076
  233
  65
  32936
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The Interrogation.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's him.
Uthmaan Sedek.&quot;

Hedya Zwieg sighed inwardly as the S�gen
mishne pointed at the man on the monitor. Of course it was him, he was the only one in the room. Hedya was a woman who
disliked irrelevancies, and the five minutes she had spent with the young
officer had been more than enough to convince her that he was the type of man
who would chatter on endlessly when there was simply no need.

Her face showed
no sign whatsoever of her irritation. Hedya's face very rarely showed any sign
of anything that she didn't want to show. She tuned the S�gen mishne's
voice out as he began to ramble on about how the man had been captured; nothing
she didn't already know, and he was only talking to try and show her how brave
and important he was. It was only natural, since S�gen mishne was the
lowest officer rank in the Army. She already knew that he was attracted to her
- no surprise there, most every man she met was - and that if he talked long
enough, he might actually convince himself that she would agree to spend some
time with him later on.

She almost smiled
at that thought. If he irritated her enough, she might just accept the
invitation when it came. Let him experience just what an evening in her company
would lead to.

Although the
image on the monitor was black and white and of poor quality, she could see
that the man was an Arab, perhaps in his late teens. He'd been picked up on a
sweep through Kafr Ham&#257;m, a town just a few kilometres over the border.
Most of the residents had already left during the halt to air strikes her
government had held. Anybody still there deserved a second look, and the man
had been acting suspiciously according to the platoon that captured him.

Of course, he
probably wasn't a member of Hezbollah. Like most terrorist groups the
organisation was small, especially the military wing, and given the current
conflict 'looking suspicious' was synonymous with
'looking Arab' to the Israeli army. But Hezbollah enjoyed considerable support
from the average Lebanese citizen; the kid likely knew something useful.

Not that it
mattered to Hedya one way or the other, of course.

She turned to the
officer, hardly any older than her victim. &quot;That will be all,&quot; she
announced, cutting him off in mid word. He looked hurt but nodded and left.

She removed her
long coat, dropping it over a chair, then picked up
her shoulder bag. One of the two men she had brought with her followed her down
the corridor and took up position outside the cell; the other would watch the
monitor, monitoring the interview. She'd trained the men herself, years ago.
Chaim had been quite a struggle, but she'd broken him completely within a
month; both men literally worshipped her now, and could be trusted to keep
people out of the room no matter what happened and to keep their mouths shut
afterwards. She proceeded inside, dropping the bag just inside the door.

The kid had
already been stripped and his hands tied behind his back, as she had
instructed. He was sitting on a simple wooden chair behind a large sturdy
table. He looked up as she entered, and a sneering smile crept across his face.
She'd seen the exact same reaction dozens of times before. He'd spent last
night worrying about what was coming, and now his single thought was... it's
only a woman. The Lebanese weren't amongst the worst when it came to this
attitude, and she wondered if he had spent time in Syria or Iran. If
so, his chances of being somebody important went up considerably.

His eyes tracked
down across her body hungrily. It was a simple fact of Hedya's working life
that for all their religion had to say about sex, the average Muslim was far
and away more obsessed with it than the westerners they looked down on so. It
was a double standard she used to maximum effect.

Her attire was
designed to encourage that interest. Hedya was clad in her normal interrogation
outfit; knee high red leather boots, a G-string and bra in matching material.
To a man who had probably never seen a naked woman outside of ragged pictures
swapped with his most trusted friends, the effect was electric. His jaw
literally dropped open, his eyes bulging in their sockets.

She waited a long
moment, letting him enjoy the view. Then she crossed over and walked around the
table. She straddled his lap, leaning in close so that they were nose to nose.
Her considerable breasts pressed up against his chest; she could feel an
erection rapidly growing, pressing against her stomach, feel his body trembling
under her. She held her mouth close, her eyes locked on his. Hedya had a gaze
that could practically melt steel when she wanted it to. She trailed a hand
down his side, feeling his muscles shuddering at her touch.

Uthmaan struggled
to keep control of himself. His skin was cold after a
night without heating, naked in the freezing concrete cell; the Israeli woman
felt like her body was molten lava and she was drawing a line of liquid fire
across his skin. He shuddered as she slid her hand between them and cupped his
balls gently, sliding her fingers around the top of the scrotum to imprison the
testicles in her grasp. Oh Allah, it was true what they said about the Jews,
their women were all sluts, whores to be despised. And yet, he could not stop
his reaction. He groaned and his eyelids flickered; his cock was harder than it
had ever been.

She paused, her
lips less than a centimetre from his, then smiled and moved to his ear.
&quot;Where are the rockets?&quot; She whispered sensuously, in perfect Arabic.

&quot;Wh... what?&quot; Her use of a
civilised language, and so perfectly at that, startled him. He tried to pull
back, but the chair back didn't give him room.

&quot;The rockets. I want you to tell
me where they are. Can you do that for me? I'd be... very grateful...&quot;
Hedya kept her voice low and breathy, a promise as much as a question.

She felt his body
tense. &quot;I know nothing,&quot; he muttered.

&quot;That's a
shame,&quot; she murmured. And then she squeezed.

He yelled in pain
and bucked in the chair, trying to throw her free, but it was useless. He was a
half starved kid, barely five six in his bare feet. She was eight inches taller
and a good thirty pounds heavier. She squeezed harder and he screeched, this
time in fear as much as pain as he realised that he wasn't going to be able to
get away. She kept her thumb and forefinger circled at the base of his scrotum,
so there was no way his balls could retreat into his
body as she squeezed them between the rest of her fingers and the palm of her
hand. She built the pressure, squeezing harder and harder. He wailed like a
strangled cat, thrashing under her, but there was no way he was getting free.

&quot;It hurts so
bad, doesn't it?&quot; She whispered into his ear. She
could feel the familiar tingle of excitement in her stomach, spreading down
towards her pussy. The thrill that she felt only from hurting
a man. &quot;I can barely imagine what it must be like. You must feel
like you're dying, like I'm just turning your balls into mush. And if this goes
on long enough, you'll be right.&quot;

He tried to throw
himself sideways and she looped her other arm through the back of the chair and
took a good handful of hair so that she could brace herself against the
movement. She squeezed at a constant pressure, not pulling or twisting at all,
just applying force. Unending, excruciating force.

&quot;It must be
almost unbearable,&quot; she said in the same breathy whisper she had used so
far. &quot;But of course, you have to bear it. I won't allow you a choice. What
can't be cured must be endured, I always say. And there's no way you can get out
of this, nothing you can do about it. Nothing except tell me what I want to
know.&quot;

&quot;Please...&quot;
Uthmaan begged, genuinely terrified now. How long will this go on? Oh please
Allah, not long! &quot;Please don't... I know nothing... I'm innocent
...&quot;

&quot;Uthmaan,
darling, that won't help at all,&quot; she said softly. She squeezed as hard as
she could now, and he threw his head to the side despite her grip and screamed,
screamed as if he was never going to stop. His face was red, his entire body
covered in sweat. When he ran out of breath he drew in a ragged lungful of air
and just started in on the screaming once more.

She kept it up
until he was practically limp in the chair, his screams diminished to low
moans. Then she released her grip on him and sat back, smiling brightly. His
eyes were unfocused, glazed over. She leaned back and slapped him across the
face, as hard as she could. His head rolled comically and his gaze snapped back
into focus.

&quot;Awake
now?&quot; She asked pleasantly. He drew a breath.

&quot;Let me go,
please,&quot; he said in a ragged voice. &quot;I have done nothing, I know
nothing.&quot;

&quot;Oh darling,
haven't you understood this yet? The only way you are going to get out
of this room alive is to tell me where the rockets are. That's it. Anything
else is going to result in your death. I'm perfectly prepared to believe that
you are completely innocent, you don't have to work to
convince me of that. But if you are... well, that's just too bad for you. If
you are innocent I am going to hurt you... and hurt you... until there's
nothing of you left to hurt.

&quot;For
starters, I'm going to break out my strap-on. You know what that is?&quot;

He shook his
head, too frightened to speak.

&quot;Oh darling,
I can't wait to show it to you. I've ripped many an arsehole open with
mine.&quot; She stood and stretched sinuously, feeling his eyes crawling all
over her body despite the pain he was obviously in.

Sex and fear was
an incredibly effective combination, especially in the middle
east. The Americans had discovered it almost by chance at Abu Ghraib;
the men abused by women tended to crack far more easily than those abused by a
man. It was inherent to the Arab psyche; there was a culture of machismo across
the Arab world and even the most modern and civilised of Arab nations tended to
regard women as second class citizens. The open female sexuality of
western-style nations was something shameful and sinful to many... and the
average Hezbollah member had a rather more fifteenth century outlook on things.
To be confronted by a woman who so completely epitomised their stereotypes, and
then to be so completely dominated and humiliated by her, was a shattering
experience for prisoners like this.

&quot;So do you
want to tell me where the rockets are yet?&quot;

&quot;I... I
honestly don't know,&quot; he said quietly.

Hedya went to her
bag, hooking her fingers into the G-string and yanking it down as she went. She
could practically feel his eyes on her ass as she bent down and rummaged
through the bag. She pulled the harness out and stepped into it, pulling it up
securely around her waist. She had had it custom made, and it fitted her
perfectly. The dildo was shiny red, a colossal fourteen inches long. It was
narrow and pointed at the head for ease of penetration, but the shaft rapidly
widened to two and a half inches in diameter. The entire shaft was covered in
quarter inch rubber studs to give it that extra added something. Best of all,
the base was not just a blunt circle of plastic; it was moulded to fit her
pussy perfectly, a small projection nestling against her clit.

As soon as he saw
it his eyes widened. This was surely a joke, an abomination like that could not
exist! Allah would not allow such things! He felt the walls closing in on him.
He had to get out, had to escape...

She had seen that
expression a dozen times before, she knew what he was going to do probably
before he even realised it.

He bolted from
the chair and ran for the door.

Hedya had been
taught Krav Maga by some of the best instructors the Israeli army had to offer.
She had always been particularly good in the Haganah variant, which specialised
in allowing someone at a disadvantage to overpower a larger attacking
adversary. She had repeatedly proven herself capable of defeating opponents who
were considerably larger and stronger than she was; against this weakling,
weakened by a cold night on a concrete floor with no sleep, she knew she
wouldn't even break a sweat.

Her long leg
lashed out with blinding speed, the steel-capped boot landing squarely on the
balls of the terrified youngster. He crumpled instantly to the floor, crying
out as his already tortured balls were subjected to more abuse. Hedya stepped
back and drove her boot into his solar plexus with perfect accuracy. The kid
groaned and tried to stagger to his feet. She let him up to his knees and then
launched a second kick that sent him sprawling again.

She took hold of
the thick coarse rope which was tied around his wrists and jerked his arms up
and away from his body, putting a savage strain on his shoulders. He cried out
in pain as she wrenched at his arms again and again, twisting them up past
ninety degrees, tearing his shoulder muscles badly and threatening to dislocate
his shoulders. When she was satisfied at the damage she had inflicted she
untied his hands and let them flop to the floor. Both arms twitched
spastically, and he moaned in pain.

Hedya walked
around the groaning youth slowly, drinking in the noises he was making.
Casually she lifted a boot and stamped the heel down as hard as she could on
his outstretched hand, smiling in satisfaction as she felt the bones crunch
beneath her foot.

She heard him
begin sobbing as she dragged him back over to the table and hauled him up,
tossing him over the wooden surface chest down. She grabbed a tube of lubricant
from the bag and squirted some over the slick red surface of the hard rubber,
making sure not to put too much on. No need to make this easy on the boy, after
all.

Uthmaan's sobs
turned to shrieks as she placed the tip of the strap-on against his anus, but
there was really nothing he could do - he was still too winded from her blows
to resist effectively, and she held him down effortlessly.

Hedya was not one
to take things slow and easy. She eased the narrow tip of the phallus into the
ring of muscle, took a deep breath, leaned forward and took a good solid grip
on his shoulders, then lunged forward as fast and hard as she could.

The ring of
muscle resisted for an instant, the reddish-brown colour turning white as it
stretched to breaking point. Then it split as her full weight and strength came
to bear, and the terrible, magnificent dildo slid into him in one smooth
movement.

Pain or not he
managed to fill his lungs and scream once again. Hedya smiled in rapturous joy
at the noise - the little bastard sounded as though the very torments of hell
had descended upon him. She slammed the strap-on home right to the root,
watching the split in his sphincter muscle widen and squirt a trickle of blood
onto the intruder, red upon delicious red. The base end was doing its work as
well as ever, and she could feel the excitement building within her.

Without pause she
pulled back until the tip was just barely inside him. He drew a choked breath
as he felt the huge obscenity within him withdrawing, then screamed again as
she rammed forwards once more, right to the hilt. Hedya moaned right along with
him, a sound of rapidly increasing ecstasy.

&quot;Mercy!&quot; He gasped between
sobs. &quot;Mercy!&quot;

She actually
laughed out loud at that. &quot;Oh darling, compared to what I am capable of,
this is mercy!&quot; She rammed home again to emphasise the point.
&quot;How does it feel, Uthmaan? To be so helpless, lying there like a child
while a woman rapes your ass? Do you like it?&quot; She punctuated her
words with sharp, hard thrusts, every one sinking right to the root. She had
once had a doctor autopsy one of her victims after she was finished with him.
The man had shown her what his bowel looked like when the strap-on was through
with it. It wasn't a pretty sight.

&quot;Allah
forgive me...&quot; the kid muttered. &quot;Allah forgive me...&quot;

&quot;Oh no,
Allah isn't going to help you now,&quot; she said, letting laughter enter her
voice again. &quot;You're not married, boy! According to your Qu'ran you're
committing adultery right now. And we all know how forgiving Allah is about
that, don't we? What is the punishment?&quot;

He fell silent,
weeping to himself. Hedya smiled; actually the Qu'ran was rather forgiving, of
most things. But the fanatics who her people dealt with always seemed to miss
that part of the message.

She kept pounding
away at him for perhaps ten minutes - it wouldn't do to spend too much time on any
one activity, it let them get used to it too much, begin to realise that they
were withstanding it, and might therefore be able to withstand more. The
pleasure vibrating through her body grew and grew; there were few things she
liked more than buggering a man into submission, there was just something about
raping them that was so visceral. She finally came in a crashing orgasm,
throwing her head back and screaming her bliss to the world as the convulsions
crashed through her. It seemed to go on forever, as it always did, wave after
wave of pleasure that threatened to sweep her away.

When she finally
withdrew, his sphincter gaped wide open. Then entire
ring of muscle was deep red, shading towards purple at the edge. It had split
in two places, and blood was still trickling down his thighs. She could see
deep into his bowels; it looked awfully sore in there.

She tossed his
limp body back onto the chair and straddled him again,
this time with her cock pressed up against his stomach, lubricant and
blood and shit smearing across his abdomen. She smiled at the look on his face.
&quot;Oh darling, you should see yourself! You look positively wonderful.&quot;

He was pretty
zoned out. She slapped his face again, putting all of her considerable strength
into it. It took two more blows before he began to refocus. But what the hell,
she was enjoying the feel of his skin against her hand! She gave him a dozen
more slaps, then slammed the palm of her hand squarely into his nose for good
measure. It crunched satisfactorily and blood trickled down into his mouth.

&quot;Are you
ready to answer my question yet?&quot; She asked pleasantly.

&quot;I... I
don't know anything...&quot; he whispered.

She nodded.
&quot;Never mind, we just carry on until you're dead then. But cheer up, at
least it's going to take quite a while!&quot;

She grabbed a
double handful of hair and stood in one swift movement, hurling him to the
floor. He seemed to be recovering a bit, so she stepped in and kicked him in
the ribs a couple of times, the steel toecaps on her boots thudding most
satisfactorily into his side. She launched one last particularly brutal kick,
and felt the familiar yielding crack of a rib popping.

Moving down, she
launched another barrage of kicks into his thigh muscles. She targeted the
quadriceps muscles; hit with sufficient force the muscle could be crushed
against the bone, tearing it and causing considerable pain and loss of
mobility. Hedya wanted him nice and subdued for her next little trick.

She stripped the
strap-on off and tossed it on the table, then went over to her bag and
retrieved the next toy. She kicked the boy over onto his back. He groaned and
flopped around a bit, but he wasn't going to be able to do a lot more for a
while.

&quot;Now here's
what's going to happen next, darling. You're going to put your tongue out and
lick my asshole. Understand?&quot;

&quot;No,&quot;
he cried in fear. &quot;No, I won't do that! Please, you can't make me do
that!&quot;

&quot;Oh, I don't
really think you want to be telling me what I can and can't do to you, darling.
Not a boy in your position.&quot; She held the toy up. A blocky green plastic
case with a slender 24 inch rod sticking out from it. &quot;Know what this
is?&quot; She could see from his eyes that he did not. &quot;It's a cattle
prod. A Hot Shot HS36 cattle prod, to be precise. Delivers nine thousand volts.
Here's what it feels like.&quot;

She touched it to
his chest. The effects were impressive, as usual; his entire body arced
upwards, utterly rigid. He didn't say anything - he didn't have enough control
of his muscles to even scream, let alone speak.

She switched it
off. He flopped to the floor like a dead fish, struggling to draw breath.
&quot;You know,&quot; she said conversationally as she waited for him to
recover, &quot;my name is Hedya. It means &quot;echo of God&quot;, or really
&quot;voice of God&quot;. And that's how we're going to be, you and I. When I
speak to you, when I tell you to do something, you are going to react as if I
spoke with the voice of God. And if you resist, if you hesitate even a little,
then I will put this thing on your balls. Now I am going to squat down over
your face and you are going to lick my asshole out. Understood?&quot;

He stared at her,
his eyes like saucers. &quot;I... I understand. I will do what you say.&quot;

&quot;Excellent
honey, I know you will,&quot; she said with a smile. She waited until the look
of relief began to appear in his eyes. &quot;But you did hesitate a bit there,
so...&quot; she leaned down quickly and touched the prod to his balls. He went
rigid as before, completely unable to protect himself or even flinch away as
she poured the voltage through him.

So cruel, she thought to herself. There was no reproach in the thought; she
truly lived for moments like these. She shocked him again and again, watching
the hairs on his scrotum singe and the wrinkled skin begin to burn where the
metal prongs touched it. After perhaps ten good long jolts she stepped back,
dangling the prod carelessly from her hand while she waited for him to recover.
It took much longer this time.

&quot;Now
Uthmaan, let's try this again. I am going to squat down over your face and you
are going to lick my asshole out. Do you understand?&quot;

&quot;Yes!&quot;
He almost screamed it. &quot;Oh Allah yes, please, I'll do as you ask just
don't hurt me again!&quot;

&quot;Excellent!&quot;
She truly meant it - it was the first time since she walked in the door that he
had voluntarily done as she asked under threat of pain rather than being
actively forced into it. Somewhere deep inside of him, a little voice had
started saying the old familiar mantra. You can't stop her. She's insane,
and she can do what she wants with you in here. Do what she asks and the pain
will stop. If he did know anything useful, probably he was telling himself
to save his strength for the real battle, to keep his information secret. It
was a common mistake; once a prisoner began to agree to anything to
avoid pain, he'd set a precedent that would make it easier and easier to
surrender to her.

And that was what
she wanted. What she needed. Absolute, total surrender.

She squatted down
over his face, prod at the ready. She couldn't actually use it whilst she was
in contact with him, but even if he knew that he was most likely too stressed
to realise it now.

She felt his
tongue lap against her sphincter muscle, tentatively at first.
&quot;Faster!&quot; She snapped. &quot;Push it in there, much harder than
that!&quot;

He complied
immediately, as she expected. He wouldn't last much longer...

Hedya groaned
with pleasure. If sodomizing a man was her greatest thrill, then having one
lick her out like this ran it a close second. She ground her buttocks into his
face, working to get his tongue deeper into her. He seemed to understand what
she wanted, and slid his tongue through the tightly clenched ring of muscle.
She heard him moan with her, and saw that his cock was beginning to stir.

Well, well, she thought. Given her frequent use of sexual-based tortures it
wasn't actually that unusual for a man to become aroused during an
interrogation, though they were usually horribly ashamed of themselves for it.
When it happened, it was an excellent weapon in her arsenal.

Uthmaan was
sickened by his growing erection. Surely not, he thought to himself. The
woman was insane, she represented everything he loathed and detested... but
there was no denying the raw sexuality she exuded. The women in Lebanon ranged
from those who embraced western-style immorality through to Muslim women
properly clad in the hijab. But his father had been utterly contemptuous of
anything but the most strict interpretation of Islam, and had made every effort
to make sure than his son hadn't even seen a woman without proper dress as he
grew up. And in looks and dress, this Hedya was nothing more or less than the
archetypal western-style slut, a prostitute who sold herself for nothing. Such
women were to be avoided.

And yet, although
he would never admit it, the western-style women simultaneously repelled and
fascinated him. Hedya's open sexuality was having it's effect on him, whether
he liked it or not. As he forced his tongue deeper into her ass he could taste
the bitter sting of her musk, incredibly strong even though she was thankfully
clean down there. As he worked she directed him, always urging him to go
deeper, faster. And then, the most incredible thing happened. He felt the
warmth of her fingers around his cock.

Hedya curled her
hand around his cock, amused at the rather pathetic size of it. She had
considerable experience in masturbation, of both sexes. She manipulated him
expertly, bringing him rapidly to full stretch. She worked it faster and
faster, trying to gauge his excitement so that it built with her own.

&quot;Come for me
honey, there's a good boy. Come for Hedya.&quot; She judged it just perfectly;
as her second orgasm crashed through her body Uthmaan's cock jerked in her
hand, pumping a thick wad of semen into the air which splashed onto his
stomach.

She sat back,
smiling as she ran her fingers through the sticky mess. She locked her eyes on
his as she brought her fingers to his lips, the cattle prod in her other hand
conveying a clear if unspoken command.

He didn't dare
hesitate. He flicked his tongue over her fingers, licking up his own cum. He
gagged as he swallowed it down, but managed to hold his stomach as she scooped
up a second load and fed it to him.

Uthmaan grimaced
as the taste of his own cum filled his mouth. The slimy stuff was disgusting,
and he struggled to hold his stomach as he swallowed it. When the devil-woman
had fed him every last bit she resumed her position above his face and he
winced, sure that she would make him lick her anus again - and to his shame, he
was already stiffening again at the thought.

But this time she
took up a slightly different position, her cunt directly above his face. She
angled her knees apart and a jet of urine splashed into his face. Uthmaan was
so surprised that he didn't even flinch as the stream of hot piss squirted
directly into his mouth, replacing the salty taste of his cum with an
overwhelmingly bitter flavour.

Hedya angled her
body slightly, moving her hips to wash the stream across his face and hair. He
choked and gagged as he involuntarily swallowed some of the amber liquid, and
she allowed herself a smile as she finished emptying her bladder over her
helpless victim.

&quot;There there, all done,&quot; she crooned. &quot;Now be a good boy
and lick me clean.&quot;

He hesitated, but
obediently lapped at her cunt. By now he was beginning to accept that there was
nothing this woman could not do to him. He was truly at her mercy - though
mercy was something she lacked entirely.

Hedya let him lap
away for a couple of minutes. Clearly he had no great skills in this area, but
the sense of exerting power got her off far more than anything a man could
actually do to her, and she ground her pussy into his face as she urged him on,
much as she had done when he rimmed her anus.

After a few
minutes she stood abruptly. &quot;That wasn't bad at all, Uthmaan,&quot; she
said pleasantly. &quot;But of course, you did hesitate again.&quot; She jabbed
the cattle prod into his balls once more, squatting beside him as his body
arched in agony once more. She gave him a five second burst in the balls, then
thoughtfully applied the prod to each nipple in turn. She had found that men made
a distinctly different sound according to which part of their body you shocked.
Some day she should really compile the recordings of her interviews and see if
there was some sort of pattern. Perhaps she could write a paper on it, she
mused.

She dragged
Uthmaan over to the table and hauled him up onto the chair. She checked him
over quickly; he was slumped, gazing into space while his body shivered
uncontrollably. His bruises were beginning to show, especially his scrotum and
face, and his skin was burned at several points from the cattle prod. With his
head and shoulders drenched in fresh urine, he was quite a sight.

He was right at
the turning point, she thought. It was a critical moment; on the one had, she
had battered through his macho attitude quite effectively by now, revealing the
frightened and insecure youth beneath. But he had not yet given her the
information he knew she wanted. If this went on too long without him fully
cracking, there was a risk of positive reinforcement; the longer he went without
cracking, the more the shock value of the interrogation would wear off and the
more how would begin to realise that he really could withstand the pain.

She crossed to
the bag and returned with a pair of pliers and a pair of secateurs. She sat on
the table facing him, her legs spread wide as she dropped the tools beside her.
She casually unhooked her bra and tossed it aside, then leaned forward and
punched him on the nose with all her strength. His head snapped backwards and
she felt his nose crunch again as blood practically sprayed from it - broken
for sure this time, she thought. The chair rocked back, and she put one boot on
the edge of the seat to stop it from falling over.

His eyes began to
refocus, locked onto her exposed breasts - now flecked with his own blood.

&quot;Uthmaan,
I'm getting a little bored with this. So here's what's going to happen
next.&quot; She picked up the pliers and held them out for him to see. &quot;I
am going to ask you four times where the rockets are. After the first time, if
I don't get an answer, I'm going to rip all of your fingernails off with
this.&quot; She picked up the secateurs. &quot;After the second, I'm going to
cut your fingers off. The third time, I will castrate you. After that, I'm
going to open you up and start cutting things out. And believe me when I tell
you Uthmaan, I can keep you alive for hours while I do that. I've had plenty of
practice.&quot;

She took his
broken hand, giving it a friendly squeeze. He moaned and tried to pull it away
as the broken bones ground together, but his shoulders were far too damaged to
put up more than a token resistance. She carefully locked the pliers onto his
thumbnail, making sure to get a really good grip.

&quot;Where are
the rockets, Uthmaan?&quot;

&quot;I...&quot;
his voice trailed off as his eyes began to become glazed again. Hedya jerked as
hard as she could; the thumbnail tore loose in one single motion. Uthmaan
screamed, snapped back to reality by the shocking pain in his hand. Blood
welled up from the tattered red nail bed. Hedya took a grip on the next finger,
fastened the pliers to the nail, and ripped it off in a practised movement.

&quot;No,
please!&quot; He screamed. &quot;I'll tell you! Please, don't!&quot;

&quot;Hush now,
honey,&quot; she said as she tore the third nail free. She dropped it on the
desk alongside the others. &quot;I told you I'd take all ten if you didn't
answer. Would you make me a liar? You'll get another chance to talk when I'm
finished.&quot;

She worked her
way quickly and methodically through her task, ignoring his screams. Less than
two minutes later she had a bloody pile of ten fingernails on the desk beside
her. &quot;There we go,&quot; she crooned, &quot;all done.&quot;

She dropped the
pliers and picked up the secateurs. Uthmaan's eyes were so wide she thought
they might actually pop out of his head.

&quot;Look honey,
so far nothing I've done is permanent. Talk to me, and I'll have them look
after your hand. In a few days you'll be out of here. We're not going to move
on the rockets, we just want to watch them, see who goes there. That's
all.&quot; It was a transparent lie, but in his state he wouldn't be thinking
too clearly. &quot;Nobody will ever know you helped us. You'll have plenty of
marks to show your Hezbollah friends, you can boast about how you didn't tell
the infidel Israelis a thing. In a couple of months you'll be back to normal.
Hell, you'll be a hero!

&quot;But from
here on in it starts to get nasty. The things I'm going to start doing to you
next are going to be irreversible. Things that will still be crippling you when
you're fifty. So, Uthmaan, where are the rockets?&quot;

&quot;Baalbek!
They're in Baalbek!&quot; He practically screamed. &quot;There's a base there,
lots of fighters, lots of rockets there!&quot; He described the location
exactly, practically frantic to talk now.

She dropped the
secateurs and slid off the desk, straddling his lap as he began to sob uncontrollably.
She cradled his head, pulling his face down to her breasts. &quot;There,
there,&quot; she murmured. Uthmaan's mouth wrapped around a nipple, almost
unconsciously. &quot;There, there, mommy will make it all better. Mommy will
make it better, then we'll talk some more. You can tell me everything now, it's
all right.&quot;

She looked at the
camera in the corner, nodded. Chaim would already be reporting the location;
Baalbek was deep inside Lebanon, she imagined they would assemble a helicopter
assault force to take it tonight.

Which meant
prisoners. She would have a busy day tomorrow.






aractersWithSpaces>24826
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








CHAPTER 2

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
him?&quot; Hedya asked, tossing a photograph on the table. Once the boy had
surrendered the name, it had only taken twenty minutes to get the image emailed
over from Tel Aviv. She put a friendly arm around Uthmaan's shoulder, reached
over to give his cock a stroke. She could feel the boy shiver beneath her; he'd
been hard for forty minutes now, she'd brought him to the edge of cuming and
then kept him there... kept him there... never allowing him to touch himself or
flinch away from her own touch. The poor boy can barely think straight,
she thought with amusement. His face was red with frustration, his body coated
with a sheen of sweat. She couldn't wait to get that
lovely cock of his into a birdcage, see it straining against the steel as she teased
him.

Uthmaan used
bloody fingers to turn the photo around and stared at the face. &quot;That's
him. Mahmoud.&quot;

Hedya smiled.
&quot;And you're absolutely certain about the rest? That he was trained in Iran?
That he came through Syria? That he was part of the team who crossed the border?&quot;

Uthmaan nodded
reluctantly. &quot;He was always bragging about it.&quot;

&quot;That's
good,&quot; she said. She began to masturbate him again, slowly at first.
&quot;You've done a good thing here Uthmaan.&quot; His head slumped, an utterly
wretched expression on his face. &quot;You might have saved a lot of lives with
this information.&quot;

&quot;He was my
friend,&quot; he said dejectedly.

&quot;He's not
your friend any more,&quot; she said, speeding up the pace of her strokes. He
was so close... &quot;Nobody is. I'm all you have now Uthmaan, but that's okay.
I'm all you need.&quot; He groaned; when his ballsac tightened it hurt so much
he could barely stand it, but she was relentless.

Hedya could feel his cock hardening
as his climax came closer and closer. &quot;There's only one thing you need to
think about right now, and that's what a lovely spunk you're about to have for
me. I've teased you enough, now it's reward time. I
want you to cum.&quot; Her voice became urgent, demanding. &quot;Cum for me
boy,&quot; she whispered into his ear. &quot;Cum right
now.&quot;

Her words drove
him over the edge. His body jerked, and a thin stream of spunk jetted from his
cock. She caught it with her free hand, continuing to pump his cock as another
jet spurted, and another. He fell back into the chair, exhausted.

Hedya held her
hand up and, as he watched in sick fascination, she slowly began to lick it
clean. He stared at her, eyes like saucers. &quot;Hmmm,&quot; she said with
relish. &quot;Your cum tastes nice. Much
better than David's. You must taste it one day. One day very soon.&quot;

He tried to put
that particular thought aside. &quot;What will you do?&quot; He managed to ask.

&quot;To Mahmoud? Oh, not much. If he really trained in Iran,
it'll make a nice story for the news. That means we'll have to go very easy on
him - nothing destroys your credibility like having a prisoner's face messed up
when he's confessing on TV, Hussein learned that one the hard way! No, we'll go
very easy on him. Nothing too debilitating, nothing that shows. Takes longer,
but give it a few days and he'll be all over Fox news, you'll see.

She licked up the
last of the spunk and dried her hand on a rag before gathering up the pile of
papers on the desk. &quot;Come on, let's get you cleaned up.&quot;

He groaned as she
pulled him up out of the chain, a last dribble of cum dripping from the end of
his cock. Hedya walked him out of the cell, supporting him as he stumbled along
next to her; Chaim was waiting with her coat and she covered herself up before
making her way down the corridor to the shower block, guiding the boy as Chaim
followed. Once inside she handed him the coat again and unzipped the leather
boots. &quot;Out,&quot; she said. &quot;Nobody enters.&quot; Chaim nodded and
left.

Uthmaan waited,
trembling, his eyes locked to her body as she stripped. She returned his stare,
examining his body critically.

He was a mass of
bruises; his ribs and thighs covered in big dark splotches from her boots, his
entire scrotum practically purple, his nose crooked, his hands caked in dried
blood from where she had torn out his nails. She turned on a couple of shower
heads and adjusted the temperature before ushering the boy under their spray.
He was hesitant at first but gradually began to wash himself. As he did his
shivers turned into sobs; not the hysterical wailing of the cell but a quieter,
deeper sound of complete anguish.

It was a common
reaction; when you abused someone physically and emotionally, broke what was
probably their most fundamental loyalty, this kind of abject misery often
followed. Hedya hugged him to her, holding his eyes with her own. On impulse
she reached down and gently licked the tears from his cheek, soaking in his
pain physically as well as emotionally. He began to cry freely and she cradled
his head to her breasts, making tender shushing noises as he wept.

It was not that
she was sentimental, of course. It was just good way of getting him to begin
bonding.

Once he had
broken, Uthmaan had been almost pathetically eager to talk. She'd kept him
suckling her for the next hour, only stopping now and again so he could answer
questions. He'd been a messenger of some sort for Hezbollah, which meant he'd
travelled between several of the terrorist bases; she'd got a detailed layout
of the Baalbek base and several others, along with how many they could expect to
find there, what armaments, everything. The information was priceless; she had
no doubt that a helicopter assault was already being prepared for Baalbek,
various sets of co-ordinates would be with the artillery by now, and with the
air strikes halt over the IAF would want to get in on the act.

What to do with
him? The IDF would want ongoing interrogations to squeeze out every bit of
information they could, but her skills wouldn't really be required for that.
She had a standing arrangement with her superiors that when her subjects were
used up she had the option of claiming them for herself; it was part of her
payment for the work she did. Officially, it was assumed that she was
rehabilitating them and returning them to the community. They knew better than
to ask what she really did with them. Hedya had a sizeable collection of home
made DVDs in her safe which... well, which provoked some of her fondest
memories. She had a few ideas that might be fun to try out on the boy. Then
again, she thought, I have been meaning to acquire another slave...

She soaped up and
began to wash Uthmaan, gliding her hands across his body - and causing him to
wince as she passed over his sore spots. For all his aches and tears, not to
mention the fact that he'd cum less than fifteen minutes ago, his cock quickly
began to rise as she applied a liberal coating of suds and worked her way down
to his ass. Teenagers, she thought wryly. Gotta love the stamina.

Chaim and David
were all very well, of course. She had them completely broken now, they were
virtually unable to think for themselves - no, that wasn't quite fair, they
were actually both quite intelligent men who were perfectly capable of thinking
for themselves most of the time.

It was only when
it came to Hedya that her slave's freedom of thought was compromised. She had
trained them so strictly, inflicted such horrors on them for any infraction,
that when it came to her they were almost unable to think of disobedience or
even reluctance. She had once casually handed Chaim a pistol and ordered him to
put it in his mouth and shoot the back of his head out. Though he had no idea
it wasn't loaded, he had pulled the trigger without a second's hesitation.
Thinking that the thing had just misfired, he'd actually cried because he
thought he'd failed her.

She grasped
Uthmaan's buttocks and pulled him forward, his penis snuggling cosily between
her thighs. Not a bad size, she thought, about in between Chaim's
average length and David's monster. Her fingertips slid down the furrow of his
ass, gently lathering the soap in. She slid a couple of fingers inside; his
sphincter was crusted with dried blood, but it was still easily stretched
enough to accommodate the invasion. He moaned as she moved her fingers in and
out, and she felt his cock throb between her thighs. Poor kid just can't
help himself. The splits in the muscle ring would hurt like the devil, she
knew. She put her other hand on the back of his head, holding his face gently
but firmly to the valley between her breasts. She felt carefully around the
sphincter muscle until she found one of the splits, slowly hooked her finger
inside and pulled sharply on it.

&quot;Aaaaahh...&quot;
Uthmaan groaned in pain. His arms clenched around her back. &quot;No,&quot; he
moaned. &quot;Please, don't...&quot;

&quot;Shhhh,&quot;
she murmured into his ear. His cock began to wilt as she widened her fingers,
stretching his hole insistently.

&quot;Please,
I've told you everything,&quot; he whimpered, the words almost smothered
against her skin.

Hedya smiled.
&quot;I know, darling, I know. I don't want information.&quot; She slipped a
third finger in, twisting and stretching, widening his hole even more. She felt
the crust of blood on the other tear give way. Uthmaan moaned louder as a fresh
wave of pain lanced through him.

&quot;Then
why?&quot; He said dejectedly, not really expecting an answer. &quot;In Allah's
name, why are you doing this?&quot;

She leaned down
until her lips were brushing against his ear, almost a lover's kiss.
&quot;Because it hurts,&quot; she sighed. &quot;Just because it hurts,
darling.&quot; She withdrew her fingers, making a mental note that no matter
what happened she would rape his ass with the strap-on again in the near
future, before it had time to heal. She withdrew her fingers and slid her hand
down across his buttocks, gathering more suds for lubrication and then reaching
around to take hold of his now limp cock. She massaged it gently, feeling it
stir in her hand and begin to rise once more. Uthmaan groaned again, for an
entirely different reason, as his cock rose to full stretch. Hedya masturbated
him gently, slowly, feeling his body shuddering in arousal.

Pleasure then
pain, she thought, then pleasure again. Then...

She released her
grip and slid her hand between his legs. His ball sack dangled there, an
invitation she wasn't about to refuse. She slid her fingers around it.

&quot;No,&quot;
he pleaded. He tried to step back, break free, but she was still far bigger and
stronger than he, and in his weakened state there was simply no way he could
even begin to resist her. &quot;No, please...&quot;

&quot;Oh
yes,&quot; she whispered, and squeezed. Not the sudden, hard clenching of
before, but a slower, gentler pressure. He groaned again as his already badly
abused balls sent a persistent throbbing deep into his bowels, his cock sagging
once more. Hedya sighed in pleasure. &quot;I love to hurt you,&quot; she
confided. &quot;I take great pleasure in it.&quot;

She released
Uthmaan's head. He instantly tried to move away and she squeezed his balls
hard, twisting sharply. &quot;Don't move!&quot; She snapped, her voice suddenly
as icy as it had been seductive. He squealed and went statue-still and she
released most of the pressure. &quot; You stay where I put you. Don't try to
back away from me. Now put some soap on your hands and lather it up,&quot; she
said, voice back in seduction-mode. He obeyed, moving jerkily, and groaned
again as he pressed down on the broken bones in his hand.

&quot;Very
good,&quot; she said. &quot;Now, I want you to wash me. Start with my face and
neck and work down.&quot;

He reached out
and began to obey. She said nothing as he worked, slowly spreading the lather
over her skin. Naturally, he quickly switched his attention to her breasts. His
cock stirred again, slowly beginning to return to full stretch.

It was a highly
effective technique. Mix pain and pleasure, over and over. In a week the two
would begin to become associated in the kid's mind. In a month he would barely
be able to become aroused at all without accompanying pain.

Though David and
Chaim were in many ways perfect slaves, the old problem was beginning to rear
its head; Hedya was getting bored. Their perfect obedience to her every whim
was pleasing, but it meant she had few opportunities to punish them any more.
And while she could, and often did, simply brutalise them for fun, it wasn't
quite the same. Her greatest thrill was the process of breaking a man,
shattering his ego, bending him gradually to her will as she had begun to do
with young Uthmaan. But once the process was complete there was a certain lack
of spice to the proceedings. You just couldn't enjoy kicking a man in the balls
as much when he thanked you for it afterwards and meant it.

She had been
considering bringing another man into the house, either keeping Chaim and David
or maybe losing one of them. She'd never had an Arab slave before, and the idea
was rather enticing. She knew her superiors would likely okay handing him over
to her without questions - they would officially assume she was rehabilitating
the boy, and unofficially assume she had just killed him.

&quot;Now
lower,&quot; she said. He slid his hands across the flat muscles of her stomach
and tentatively pushed one between her legs. She sighed contentedly as he
caressed her pussy. His touch was inexpert, but not entirely displeasing. And
if she did keep him, he would certainly get all the practice he needed.

She turned to the
side, keeping her grip on his ball sack. &quot;Now my ass,&quot; she ordered.
His fingers slid between her buttocks, gently caressing her anus, and Hedya
sighed again as his fingers played with the puckered muscle tentatively. She
released his balls, tensed to lash out in case he tried to back away again.
&quot;Now kneel.&quot;

He dropped slowly
to his knees, grimacing at the pain from his bruised thighs. His face was
exactly level with her ass, and she could feel his eyes locked onto it.
&quot;Do my legs,&quot; she ordered. He began running his hands up and down the
long limbs.

Uthmaan's cock
was at full stretch. His mind was a whirl of emotion, barely capable of
rational thought. He had never known such a woman, never known that there could
be a woman remotely like this. Her body was sculpted perfection, a teenager's
wet dream come alive. She was so utterly inhibited, flaunting her body in front
of him with less care than any common whore. But beyond simple physical beauty
there was something about her, some terrible feral sexuality that she seemed to
radiate. She was alluring, captivating.

And yet the
things she did... he could barely contemplate the horrors she had inflicted on
him in just the last few hours. He could feel tears pricking at the back of his
eyes once more as he thought about it; he had shed so many, he had barely the
energy to feel shame over it any more. Pain upon pain upon pain, the only
respite coming when she decided to bring him to arousal again, as if he were a
piece of meat for her to toy with as she wished. Could she be some evil jinn
who had taken Human form to torment him? If so then he was most surely doomed.

She ordered him
to stand and rinse off and he complied, wordless, as she did the same. She
turned the showers off and threw him a towel and he moved to dry off.

&quot;No,&quot;
she said, stepping close again. &quot;You dry me first. Be gentle.&quot;

She didn't say
&quot;or else&quot; but Uthmaan caressed her skin as if it was the finest
flower imaginable.

When he was
finished she told him to dry himself, and crossed to the door to snap an order
to the big man waiting outside while he did. A few minutes later another man
arrived, carrying clothes. Uthmaan's cheeks burned red at being naked in front
of another man, and he clutched the towel to himself.

She noticed, of
course. She seemed to notice everything.

&quot;Drop the
towel,&quot; she said casually. &quot;Don't mind Chaim.&quot; He did so,
reluctantly. The man leered at him, a smirk on his lips. He was almost a foot
taller than Uthmaan, an inch or so above even the woman's height. But where she
had a slender, albeit muscular, frame, this man was a walking Merkava; he must
have weighed well over two hundred pounds.

She handed
Uthmaan a blue bra. &quot;Put this on.&quot;

So, I am her
maid now? He thought in disgust, not at all
conscious of how right he was. He had never seen a bra before outside of
pictures and fumbled with the unfamiliar garment. Eventually she had to show
him what to do with it and he managed to fumble the thing into place. He
couldn't help but feel a twinge of regret as her generous breasts were covered
up. Then she actually had him stick his hands in the things and 'adjust' her to
make the thing fit right! He was painfully aware of the erection jutting out in
front of him once more, terrified that he might poke her with it by accident -
and tremendously aware that Chaim was staring at it with an unreadable
expression. 

She handed him a
pair of lacy thong panties, coloured to match the bra. These at least he could
get right! He squatted whilst she stepped into them and then drew them smoothly
up her long legs, easing them into place. He was fascinated by the way the rear
strap buried itself in the cleft of her perfect buttocks. He knew then that
pain or no, prison cell or no, he would be touching his cock when they finally
left him alone to sleep tonight... and when he did, his mind would be filled
with visions of this goddess. 

A suspender belt
came next, and he fumbled it into place with a little guidance from the woman.
She almost handed him the stockings, then hesitated. &quot;No, you'll just tear
them,&quot; she said before putting them on herself.

She added a white
silk blouse and short black skirt before bending to put her boots on. Somehow
standing stark naked was even worse when he was in the presence of two fully
dressed people.

&quot;Cage,&quot;
she said to Chaim. He produced a metal object from his pocket.

&quot;This is
called a birdcage,&quot; she announced. &quot;It's Chaim's but you're just a
little bigger than he is so I think you can manage it.&quot; Uthmaan stared at
it, wondering what she was talking about. That giant of a man was twice his
size! What fresh new torture is this? The thing was a metal ring with a
small cage attached to it. She opened the metal ring and reached out, grabbing
his balls and giving them a hard squeeze. Uthmaan moaned in pain for perhaps
the hundredth time that day, and his cock instantly softened. She pulled his
cock and balls away from his body, closing the ring around them firmly. Moving
quickly she slipped the cage over his now limp cock and fastened it to the ring
with a padlock.

She stepped back,
looking at him critically. &quot;Now take it off,&quot; she ordered. &quot;Come
on, get on with it! Take that thing off, now!&quot;

He pulled at the
cage, terrified at the tone in her voice - all day long, that tone had heralded
nothing but agony. But the steel bands of the cage were locked firmly in place,
no matter how much he tugged or twisted at it, it simply refused to come loose.

&quot;I can't,&quot;
he said miserably.

She smiled.
&quot;Good. Now dress.&quot; Chaim threw him a rumpled khaki T shirt and pants
and he almost tore them in his rush to get them on, profoundly grateful to hide
his nakedness from the giant man.

&quot;I have to
go call in,&quot; she said to Chaim. &quot;They'll want a preliminary verbal
report before I write this up. And I'll need to talk to the base commander as
well. You have the tapes?&quot;

&quot;No,
mistress. David has them, mistress.&quot;

&quot;Good. I'll
be an hour, ninety minutes at the most.&quot; She gestured to Uthmaan.
&quot;Get that to the base doctor, have his nose straightened and hand set and
have him look at the ribs. I want the three of you in the car by the time I get
there.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
mistress.&quot;

She left. Uthmaan
felt a sense of relief so profound that he almost fell to his knees on the
spot; it wasn't until the door closed behind her that he realised just what a
powerful presence she was in the room, in whatever room she happened to
be in.

Chaim put a hand
on his shoulder. &quot;She's keeping you?&quot; He said. He seemed distinctly
worried. Uthmaan shrugged, not really understanding what he meant. &quot;Come
with me.&quot;

Uthmaan found
that the eight of the cage thing she had locked to him pulled his bruised balls
down heavily, generating a constant ache. He wondered if it showed through his
trousers, but it didn't really seem to make a noticeable bulge as he walked. It
was just there, a constant presence between his legs. Chaim led him
through the base until they arrived at a doctor's office and knocked. The
elderly man inside took one look at him and pulled a morphine bottle out of a
cabinet.

Chaim stepped
between them. &quot;No pain killers.&quot;

&quot;Look at the
state of him!&quot; The doctor said. &quot;His nose is broken, hand too - I can
tell you that just by looking! Don't tell me, she's here again! I
recognise the handiwork!&quot;

&quot;No pain
killers,&quot; Chaim repeated flatly. &quot;Orders.&quot;

The doctor
grimaced and put the little bottle away. &quot;That woman should be in a mental
institution,&quot; he said angrily.

&quot;You're
telling me this?&quot; Chaim exploded angrily. &quot;Me? Believe me
Doctor, you're not the one who-&quot; his anger vanished just as suddenly and
he sucked a deep breath in, making an obvious effort to control himself as he
glanced at Uthmaan. &quot;Just... don't. Feel free to have all the moral
outrage you like, but I don't want to hear it. Just treat him.&quot;

An hour later
Uthmaan's nose was more or less straight, his hand in a cast, and he had
various bandages and plasters. The Doctor had ordered complete bed rest for
three days; Chaim had smiled and said he would pass it on.

They walked
through the base, Uthmaan marvelling at how busy it was. Trucks seemed to
rumble between the buildings constantly, heading to or from the main gate. He
wondered despondently whether any of it was ammunition, aimed at his friends
now thanks to his betrayal.

The woman's car
was a civilian model land rover, old and somewhat battered but very
capable-looking. Another man waited in the driver's seat. He was much smaller
than Chaim with a leaner, agile look to him. He had soft, almost girlish features
but he watched with a sharp alertness to his eyes, a look Uthmaan had come to
associate with danger when Hezbollah men wore it. Chaim pushed Uthmaan inside,
a powerful grip on his upper arm. &quot;Friendly warning,&quot; he said.
&quot;The back doors don't open from the inside, so don't bother trying to run.
I'll hurt you if you do, and she will hurt you a lot more.&quot;

&quot;She's
keeping him?&quot; the other man asked, surprised and nervous. His voice
matched the rest of him, surprisingly soft.

&quot;She didn't
say, but it sure looks that way,&quot; Chaim replied gloomily.

&quot;Oh, that's
great. Where does it leave you and me?&quot;

&quot;I'm not a
mind reader, David!&quot; Chaim shouted, angry again. &quot;What do you think,
that she consults me now? Explains herself?&quot;

There was a long
silence. Uthmaan was confused, he had no idea what to think. Nothing the men
said made any sense - but one thing he was sure of, they were both scared of
something. Very scared indeed.

Eventually, David
spoke. &quot;I broke that vase last week,&quot; he said quietly.

Chaim snorted.
&quot;Yeah, big deal.&quot;

&quot;It was. Her
mother gave her that.&quot;

&quot;True.&quot;
The big man looked out the window at the bustle of the base. &quot;Look, just
don't bother. We both know I'll be the one, if it happens. She wanted me big,
well I'm about as big as I can get, steroids and all. She's about done with me.
You... well, you've got your big day coming, haven't you?&quot; 

David winced.
&quot;Yeah.&quot;

Chaim laughed, a
gallows laugh. &quot;Don't worry about it, I had a good run.&quot;

&quot;Who is
she?&quot; Uthmaan asked, curiosity finally winning out over his uncertainty.

David turned,
smiling; Chaim was lost in thought, seemed barely to have heard. &quot;As far
as we're concerned kid, the only answer that matters is that she's the one that
tells you what to do. If you do exactly what she says, all the time,
without hesitation, your life will be easier. Not easy, just easier. That's all
you have to know.&quot; 

&quot;When can I
go home?&quot; He asked. He hated the whiny sound of it, but he had to ask.

David laughed as
if it were the funniest thing he had ever heard. He was about to say something
when the front passenger door opened. Hedya slid into the seat. There was a
sudden stillness in the car, the tall blonde the focus of unwavering attention
from all three men.

&quot;Home,&quot;
she said simply.

&quot;Yes
mistress,&quot; David replied instantly. He started the engine and drove to the
base gates, where a guard inspected their ID and papers before raising the
barrier. The scruffy land rover accelerated into the dusty countryside.

Uthmaan would
always remember the key points of his time with Hedya; the impact of her near
naked appearance the first time she walked into his cell, the shock of the
first time she hurt him, a hundred other moments. Many of them were moments of
great stress; in comparison, the emergence of the car from the base gates
seemed mundane, ordinary. Nevertheless, it always stuck with him. He supposed
that was because in his mind, it marked his transition from official prisoner
of the Israeli Defence Force to very unofficial prisoner of Hedya Zwieg. Later,
he would always think of this as the beginning of his life as a slave.






N-GB>Uthmaan would
always remember the key points of his time with Hedya; the impact of her near
naked appearance the first time she walked into his cell, the shock of the
first time she hurt him, a hundred other moments. Many of them were moments of
great stress; in comparison, the emergence of the car from the base gates
seemed mundane, ordinary. Nevertheless, it always stuck with him. He supposed
that was because in his mind, it marked his transition from official prisoner
of the Israeli Defence Force to very unofficial prisoner of Hedya Zwieg. Later,
he would always think of this as the beginning of his life as a slave.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wistan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





