BDSM Library - The Artifact




The Artifact
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An apparently alien object is found buried at an abandoned mine site. Experience reveals that the object is the 'stuff that dreams are made of', and can deliver one to any fantasy senerio, merely by command.






After finding a strange object following a mine cave-in, I began to experience incredibly realistic hallucinations...or are they hallucinations? The smooth black object seems to sense my sexual needs and transforms them into reality...or what seems to be reality. 



I find, after experimentation, that I am able to program the object to take me on a journey to whatever sexworld I desire, and bring me back afterward. Lying on my own bed, I experience the nastiest fantasies possible. While hours pass in the sexworld, only seconds pass real time. 



To my horror, however, I discover that I have inadvertently trapped myself in a 'cocksucker world', where I must service countless cocks in the most disgusting ways possible. I am in a sexual frenzy performing orally here, and am locked into this mode until the device releases me...in one month! 



I had set the device , mentally , to take me to any possible sexworld at random, a major mistake on my part. I vowed that in the future, I would be infinitely more selective in my choices. For the moment, however, the device had chosen for me, and I had no choice but to complete the mandate...one month sucking cock willingly, and also being force to suck cock, at times, to my utter humiliation. 



I awoke naked and on my knees...stunned and horrified to find a largre cock servicing my mouth. My mouth was being fucked forcefully, and I was unable to do anything to stop it. 



My head was held tightly while my oral cavity was being violated, and I could smell the hard peter and swinging balls, which slapped against my chin repeatedly. 



I was actually enjoying the experience, and found myself craving a meal of semen. I was in a large room cramed with ten or fifteen horny and naked men, each stroking their stiff cock waiting their turn for my mouth. My craving for dick was intense. 



Soon the male held my head firmly, and jerked forward, pumping a thick glob of semen into my mouth. I swallowed it quickly, gulping down the mess, and several more wads of scum splattered to the back of my throat, where I swallowed them greedily. He pulled his spent pecker out of my mouth and another was shoved in immediately. 



Again my open mouth was fucked mercilessly, and as several more men gathered closeby, he took his large thick peter and slapped my face with it several times. I tried to suck it while he was doing this but he withheld it from me making me beg before feeding me his dick. Two other dicks were rubbing my face now waiting for the sucking they needed. 



I went from one pecker to the other sucking dick, and was degraded as I did so, being called cocksucker constantly as I ate weiner. Time after time a new peter was shoved into my open mouth, and after awhile the whole thing became one hot and horny blur of sucking smelly dicks and gulping mouthfuls of hot dickwad. 



I swallowed what must have been fifteen loads of pecker juice, and still craved cock in my mouth. My face was an absolute mess, covered completely with thick white seminal scum 



____________________________







The group of satisfied men left the room suddenly, and just as I was about to get to my feet another group of equally horny and naked males walked in. I kneeled there licking my lips and eating the cum around my mouth, and I could see their faces light up when they looked at me down and dirty there. 



They formed a circle around me quickly, each playing with a hard dripping prick, and again subjected my poor mouth to an unspeakably raunchy blow session, during which I became so hot I moaned and grunted during each ejaculation in my mouth. Two cocks at a time would spit their nasty load on my face and in my mouth, and the more cum I was fed, the more I craved to eat. 



After a long and filthy session of suck and swallow, I had eaten fifteen more wads of slime, and the funky taste of semen filled my mouth and stomach. I belched involuntarily from the large meal of dong scuz, and the acrid aroma of semen whifted through my nostrils. 



After that two guards came in and tied my hands behind me and took me to a resting cubicle where I was released for the time being. 



I sat there alone, my head swimming, and knew that I had no choice but to endure the month of torment. Actually, real time, no more than a few hours would have passed as I lay on my own bed sleeping. Weird but true! I vowed over and over again to pick and choose my sexual worlds from now on...and I would spend blissful hours fucking pretty women and doing my thing in their mouth, instead of this. 



After awhile they came for me again, and this time I was taken to a bathroom and tied, hands behind, near a urinal. I shuddered to think what would come next, but vowed to endure it and get the whole dreadful experience over with. 









After having found a strange artifact, possibly alien, near the entrance of a mine cave-in, I began to learn of the object's ability to transport me mentally to any given world of sexual preference merely by reading my mind. In the process I would lie on my bed...mentally select the exact destination, and then be taken there for a given time period. 



I found that although I might spend a considerable amount of time at my destination, only a few minutes would have passed in my real state, lying on the bed. 



I had invented a novel form of travel in which I had merely to read the title of sexual activity on the door and open it to begin my adventure. Once inside the room I would be committed to fulfill my selected time interval there, once the door had closed...there was no turning back. 



After returning from my initial 'Hyper Voyage' into the realm of the artifact's influence, I decided to be more selective about my choice of destination...that is, unless I was really feeling horny enough to want to risk a 'random voyage' again. 



I had wound up in 'cocksucker world'...a sexual world in which I was forced to service an endless array of male hardware for a full month 'voyage time'. 



After being returned to my real state lying on my bed...I found that only five minutes had passed, according to my watch. Fortunately, all vestiges of my activiy were removed so that I had not developed a fetish for this form of sexual entertainment. 



This time I designed a useful method of embarking on my sexual travels...I would be transported to an infinitely long hallway lined with countless doors, each bearing the title of the sexual destination. 



I merely got into a small shuttle cart to travel the distances involved...and could stop at any time to go into a door. It seemed that the artifact was very solicitous in helping me enjoy every possibility of sexual entertainment, however depraved or strange. 



It became obvious that the artifact was reading my deepest thoughts, and designing my deepest sexual fantasies therefrom. 



I shuddered at the thought of what all this meant...my dick became hard just thinking about the implications. 



I would lock myself into my room with complete privacy, lie down comfortably on my bed...and begin the scenerio process. I found that I had to go through a brief mental checklist before beginning my trip. 



I would say to myself..."Beginning a new experience-transport to hallway entrance", and think the words, "lock-in...begin". 



Immediately I would find myself in the hallway beside my travel cart ready to select my door. The artifact lay beside my bed on a small table, so that it's influence on me would be powerful, and immediate. 



I knew that the device would take me absolutely anywhere for any sexual purpose, so I factored in a safety lock, stating that neither I, nor anyone else in the real world would be harmed mentally or physically during my excursions. 



Before opening a hallway preference door...I would state the amount of time desired for the experience, and once inside, with the door closed, I would be bound by that time, and not able to leave before the time had elapsed. 



I layed down and situated myself comfortably on the bed, and began the sequence for another sexual excursion. 



------------------------- 



Arriving at the hallway, I stood there looking down the endless corridor...my travel cart waiting nearby. The hallway was dimly lit from no particular source, but allowed easy reading of all door titles. It was very comfortable here, and an unseen edge of extreme sexual excitement filled the area. 



I walked slowly down the hallway and the cart followed me close behind. Every conceivable kind of sexual activity could be found here...from simple 'fucking', to endless variations of fucking. 



Among the door titles were: 'ass licking'...', 'cocksucking...female fellatio', 'female domination', 'forced masterbation...femdom', 'used for breeding...femdom', sexual torture-dungeon...femdom', sexual torture dungeon...maledom', and on and on and on and on. 



I had such a hardon my dick was pushing painfully against my pants and a wet spot was developing already...that is, on my dream body...my real body lie quietly resting on my bed in my room. 



This was so extraordinary that I had not assimilated it all, and knew this would take quite some time to do so. 



I had always liked to smell and look at women's assholes, and stopped at the door,' extreme forced asslicking and anal-oral service...femdom'. 



I opened the door and looked inside. There was a comfortable looking anteroom with a table sitting next to the wall, and a few chairs nearby. This room was also dimly lit. 



There was a chute in the wall which read, 'deposit all clothing here...before proceeding', and a capsule on the table with a glass of water..a sign there read, 'take this and enter the next room'. 



I decided to try this one, my dick was driving me nuts and I was horny for release. I stated the time limit..."24 hours duration please". I went inside and held the door open for a moment, thinking over the situation. I steeled myself, and gritted my teeth, and closed the door with a firm push. 



It locked immediately and I knew that I would be subjected to this area for 24 hours, regardless of my wishes. 



A large sign on the inside of the door read...'strip off now..and put your clothing in the wall chute'. I was breathing very hard now and began to take off my clothes as quickly as possible. 



Shoes...socks...pants...shirt...shorts...wristwatch...and I opened the stainless steel chute and tossed them in. 



They disappeared at once into blackness, lost forever I suspected. I stood there completely naked, and was actually very comfortable since the room was at perfect temperature for nudity. I took the capsule on the table and washed it down with the glass of water nearby. 



____________________________





Very quickly I could feel a stirring in my groin area, and as I reached for the doorlatch to go into the next room, I felt a wave of intense sexual craving and my pecker stood out hard as a rock. 



I went inside and the room was completely dark, I could see nothing at all. A voice came from inside and brought me to attention at once..."Close the fucking door toilet mouth!" 



The voice had to be coming from an attractive woman, somewhere on the other side of the room...there could be no doubt about it. 



I quickly closed the door and stood there in the pitch black wondering with trepidation what I had let myself in for. "You like to suck asshole don't you?", said the voice nearby. I paused and cleared my throat..."Yes I do", I said, "very much". 



The voice remained in the same position on the other side of the room. "You might have a slightly different viewpoint on that soon...but I think you're a nasty, sleazy boy and you'll do exactly what we say won't you?" 



"Yes...I'll do whatever you want." The voice came closer..."Of course you will fartbreath...there is nothing else that you can do." 



Suddenly the room was illuminated with bright lights and I found myself standing in the middle of a comfortably appointed area with a line of couches in a large circle. There were at least ten gorgeous women sitting there looking at me. 



They all were dressed in women's business suits, and had the appearance of executives. 



Each had a very pretty face and perfect ass, and when they stood, I could see their wonderful bodies filling out the tight skirts. They all smiled knowingly...they were all part of this construct...which was...interestingly, being designed by my own subconscious mind. 



Whatever I willed at this point, however, would mean nothing...and I was a slave to my own kinky inner desires. 



They surrounded me...looking at my body as though I were a toy for their use. "This toilet tongue sucks butthole ladies...what do you think of that?" 



The attractive woman grabbed my balls tightly, as she spoke. One of the women stood near me, and I could smell her expensive perfume. Her lips were brilliantly red, and moistened from her tongue. 



"You know there's nothing I like more than a man's tongue up my asshole!", she grunted... "Get on your knees and I'll give you a smell." 



The beautiful blond pulled her skirt up and took her panties off, throwing them on the couch. She turned around and bent over slightly, and spread her wonderfully formed asscheeks. I could see that she had a hairy anus, and the dark aperture opened slightly to my gaze. 



"Take a whiff you fuck!", she said, spreading her butt crack even wider for me. 



I moved in and stuck my nose into her hairy, and I might add, fragrant ass crack and smelled her tight, brown anus. I discovered that she had just had a bowel movement, and that all of the odor or residue had not been completely removed. 



She looked back and down at me..."Suck my smelly asshole!", she groaned, as she opened her rear hole even wider for me. I immediately did as she said, and licked her odorous bunghole before clamping my lips around it and sucking with a passion. 



She groaned in pleasure and moved backward a bit and began to strain as she moved her ass back and forth against my face. 



My nose was completely buried in her rear and intimate hole, and I sucked for all I was worth as she masterbated herself. She had a dark, hairy asscrack and I was tasting it's most intimate parts now. 



------------------------ 



Suddenly she farted a whiff of hot air into my mouth..and I took it in, eyes bulged open, and swallowed it. "You dirty ass eating son-of-a-bitch!", she swore, under her breath. With that she pushed back against my mouth again and farted long and hard directly into my mouth. 



I gasped but inhaled the slightly nasty fragrance, keeping my sucking mouth glued to her raunchy toilet hole. 



The women were quite entertained by all this and soon I was surrounded by ten well formed asscracks waiting turn for my services. They had all removed their panties and I could smell cunt juice and a faint ass odor at they stood waiting. 



"Start sucking butthole!", grunted the woman who had spoken to me originally..."crawl around and eat asscrack...that's what you were born to do isn't it?", she said, as she held her own brown anus open to me. 



I crawled to her and dove in sliding my tongue directly into her spread crap chute. It glistened with asscream, and the smell was powerful and erotic. I licked deeply inside and removed the faint coating which surrounded her dark hairy farthole. She was groaning and rubbing her ass all over my face as I licked, and I gasped as I clamped my mouth over her raw dark bunghole and began to work. 



She reached back and held my head firmly as she tensed her stomach muscles, and soon a long fragrant fart escaped from her obscene rear hole and filled my cheeks making me grunt as I gulped it down. 



She did this several times as she masterbated herself to orgasm and finally, after several minutes of special attention from her disgusting anal opening, I escaped and went to the next open asscrack. 



The women's asses were perfect in every respect and their deep hairy crapholes made me orgasm several times as I did the nasty on them. 



I was developing a noticeable brown stain around my lips now and was in a suckass frenzy eating buttholes and farts one after another. 



The women reveled in humiliating me while I did my dirty work on their open hehinds, and I began to feel deeply degraded as they used me. 



This session lasted about an hour and then I was taken to a comfortable room with a bed to rest for awhile. 



This sex area was everything that I thought it would be and more, and I jacked off and got my nuts again before falling asleep. 



I was awakened in a few hours by several mature women who came into my room. There were five very attractive women in their fifties, and they also had perfectly formed asses. They were all wearing short shorts and I could see their asscracks well formed against the rear of their tight clothing. 



"We need your services...hon", one of them gushed, as she grinned at me. She pulled her shorts down revealing a perfect ass, and her buttcrack was wonderful against her panties. She took her short shorts off and put her ass next to my face. 



____________________________





"Be a dear and kiss my ass please!", she snickered, touching her butt against my nose. 



I kissed her perfect asscheeks at once and went back and forth kissing each cheek. I stuck my nose in the crack of her ass, and even through her panties I could smell buttcrack. She suddenly farted against my nose, and instead of moving back I pushed forward and inhaled her efforts. 



It had a slight odor but was just about right and made me even hornier. 



She pulled her panties down around her ankles and spread her asscheeks for me. Her anus was very hairy and had an incredibly erotic smell. I shoved my nose in and smelled it up close, rubbing my sniffer up and down and coating it with her raunchy fragrance. 



I licked her asshole voraciously now cleaning every part of it as she moaned in pleasure. She was masterbating herself and yelled in pleasure as she orgasmed and farted in my mouth at the same tme. 



I had been jacking off while licking her butt and continued whacking as the next woman pulled her shorts and panties down for me. 



I sucked asscrack for a half hour, as each of them took their turn, and when I'd cleaned them all thoroughly, and had that familiar light brown stain around my mouth, the first one insisted on having my tongue up her ass all the way so that I might clean out her inner, more obscene residue. 



I spread her asscheeks and opened her bunghole widely. I probed my tongue up her disgusting rear hole and began to slide it in further and further. I had my long tongue all the way up her asshole to the hilt when she grunted and farted again. 



I fucked my tongue up her craphole in and out and wiggled it around, swallowing the residue that coated it with every movement of my long hot licker. 



I was jacking off and we both orgasmed at the same time, me groaning and squirting, and she grunting and farting again. I collapsed on the bed exhausted. 



Finally they thanked me and left...and once more I fell into a deep sleep for several hours. 



When I awoke, I was taken by two guards to another buttlicking session, this one I discovered would be much nastier than the first, in that I would be kept in the large bathroom area to do a final ass cleaning of all the women who visited the stalls. 



There were more raunchy sessions after that, and I was exhausted from my efforts, and my balls were sore from jacking off when my 24 hours had elapsed. 



Though I laid on my bed during this whole experience...I actually had to sleep for hours afterward once the artifact had released me back to real time. 



As I fell asleep I shuddered at the endless possibilities here...it was more than I could assimilate, much, much more. 









Having made several obscene voyages using my strange alien object, I became highly addicted to the wonderfully nasty sex trips and found myself once again lying on my bed ready to begin another adventure. 



I sped to the hallway entrance...the artifact knew that I craved something very raunchy, and I walked slowly down the endless corridor reading doors and stroking my pecker, which I had pulled out of my trousers for use while selecting the area of enjoyment. 



I stopped at a door reading, 'Paid jerkoff for college sorority party'. This sounded quite interesting and I opened the door to look inside. 



There were two very pretty young women there who sat in chairs grinning at me. I stepped inside and looked at them as they stared at my dick, sticking out of the front of my pants. I'd forgotten that little detail momentarily and tried to zip up, but one of them quickly stopped me..."Leave it alone dork, we're all gonna see it anyway." 



My ten inch pecker stood out dripping cum as I looked at them awkwardly. I specified my time interval as two hours and closed the door. 



One of them handed me a thousand dollars in cash. "Here's your fucking money jerkoff, don't spend it all in one place." They got up and left the room and we went into a large hallway with a huge set of stairs leading to the second floor. 



In a large front room to the right sat about fifty young women, grinning at me and talking among themselves as I entered. They all stared at my huge rock hard peter bodding up and down. 



There was an open area surrounded by the many women, and a comfy chair for my use. I stood and stared at them, the money still in my hand. "Ladies may I present our entertainment for tonight, Mr. Jerkoff." They all applauded and cheered as I stuffed the money in my pocket. 



She crossed her arms and grinned slyly at me..."Do your fucking thing jackboy, strip off and give me all your clothes." 



I did so, looking apprehensibly at the large leering crowd of college coeds, first my wristwatch, shoes, then socks, then shirt, and finally pants and shorts . My long pecker flipped when I pulled my shorts off and the coeds cheered again, making me blush a bit. 



I stood there bare naked and the woman grabbed my clothes and locked them in a nearby wallsafe. 



"You get them back when you give us what we want jackoff!", she grinned wickedly. "You better fucking earn your money or we'll shove your ass outside and call the cops...you get what I mean?" I nodded shyly in acceptance and stroked my long dick. 



She handed me a shotglass of clear liquid. "Spanishfly boy, you gonna have a good time tonight!" 



I gulped down the bitter liquid and scrunched up my face at the taste. They all waited and grinned, looking at each other. Almost immediately my balls became hot as fire and my poor dick got even harder, if that was possible. I sat in the chair which was good for this purpose since I could put my feet up on the side rails opening my peter and balls to the crowd while I entertained them. 



I began to breathe very heavily and I was so fucking horny I couldn't stand it. I sat and flipped my dong back and forth and then flipped it upward and made it bounce up and down a few times. 



I looked at the jeering ladies, with my eyes glazed over in pleasure, and jacked off, flogging my pecker rapidly. 



The crowd was yelling obscene comments at me as I stroked off and this seemed to make me even hornier. 



"Fucking jack your dick off sleazebag, jerk your fucking dong for us!" The girls were going crazy now and looked closely as my face distorted in pleasure from my masterbation. 



I massaged my large balls and swung them back and forth several times as I peeled back my foreskin. My peter was dripping cum constantly now and I could feel the huge amount of dickwad in my nuts waiting to be released. 



I was getting every kind of obscene and humiliating comment now from the nasty crowd, and there were multiple flashes from the many cameras trained on me. 



They looked on me now as a filthy sex toy and were reveling in my embarrassment. I jacked my dick harder looking from one to the other of the many coeds, and I began to drool slightly as I neared orgasm. New spectators were gathering as the lewd show progressed, and I was in a frezy now hotter than I'd ever been. 



This level of arousal was unknown to me and I was grunting like a pig nearing my absolute limit. 



"Eat your fucking cum you son-of-a-bitch", they began to chant...I was so fucking hot now I didn't care about anything, even the many video cameras I could see capturing the action. 



My huge dick was primed for ejaculation and suddenly my face went blank, and I jerked involuntarily upward squirting a thick stream of hot scum two feet in the air as the women screamed. 



They were clapping and cheering, as many of them stuck their fingers in their mouths, indicating the retching reflex to my disgusting actions. I was so humiliated and overwhelmed by lust that I just couldn't stop, and ate a large amount of salty slime as it continued to pump from my prong. 



I ate all I could and finally took my finger and sopped up globs of cum from my pisshole and ate it as the last drops of goo oozed out. 



I retrieved all of the cum I could from my lower area and devoured it...and finally licked my fingers clean, finishing my incredibly degrading ordeal. 



I collapsed in a heap in the chair as they screwed up their noses at me and began to leave. The spokeslady looked at me with true revulsion in her eyes and opened the safe, removing my clothes. She dropped them on me like they were contaminated..."I hope you know what you just did asshole...you disgusting dick jacking fuck..and we got it all on tape." 



She sneered sarcastically ..."Get your fucking ass out of here and go spend your money...that thousand is nothing to me...but as this tape is watched over time it will be to you!" 



She left me sitting there, my limp pecker still draining semen. I dressed and left...pulling the money out of my pocket. 



To my amazement and shame I discovered that the money was fake...all of it. It was authentic looking play money. I knew I would not go back to protest...I'd been had. I'd wanted something very raunchy and got far more than I ever bargained for. 



The object knew exactly what I wanted, even better than I did! 



As I waited for the session to end I sat in the anteroom smiling...this whole thing was getting more and more fantastic with each voyage! 



I waited for my session time to end, to be sent back to real time so I could take a long nap. 













I was becoming more adept at my sexual travels using the artifact, and began to experience a deep gratification therefrom. My next journey took me to a place where I could have the satistaction of being in charge, and to mold the scenerio to my deep gratification. 



I hadn't even begun to tap the outrageous resources here, the possibilities were almost literally infinite. My dick became hard just thinking of what I might do next. 



The next free weekend I locked myself in my apartment and room, and lay down to have some more nasty fun. I felt quite relaxed, and my peter needed to be relieved. I went through the beginning process, and found myself standing in the incredible hallway of pleasure. 



I walked leisurely down the hallway for quite some distance before stopping at a door title of interest. It read: 'Excentric billionaire training female cocksuckers.' 



The idea appealed to me and I stepped inside, and looked around. I indicated 24 hours duration, and closed the door. The familiar anteroom was there, and when I opened the door at the end of the room...everything about this destination became known to me. 



------------------------------------ 



At once I understood what was going on here, and my role as owner and operator of the facility. I was a multi billionaire, and I indulged my sexual fantasies by offering certain women one million dollars to be trained as compulsive cocksuckers. The women must never have sucked cock, and must be between the ages of 18 and 50, and very pretty, with a great ass. That was always a primary requisite! 



I would pay them one million dollars at the end of ninety days, and not before, if they opened themselves completely to my influence, and the training of my large staff of experts, to be conditioned to suck pecker and eat semen compulsively, and irreversibly, an addiction that would be permanent for the rest of their lives. 



I walked into the main training area and my staff gathered around me to give me the latest progress reports, and fill me in on the newest, and most effective brainwashing techniques. 



This facility was state of the art, with no equal anywhere in the world according to my estimate. At present there were twenty attractive women being conditioned here, and they were in various stages of addiction. 



I went into my large office and told my assistant to bring in the newest recruit for indoctrination. I always enjoyed these intro conversations...It was quite embarrassing for the women, who had never indulged in giving oral sex before. 



The huge sum of money offered them, however, broke every barrier of shyness and embarrassment. I sat at my desk and a very pretty woman age thirty five walked in, and stood looking at me. 



She wore a tight skirt and had a perfect ass. "Sit please", I offered, as I stood up and walked around to her. She sat in a comfortable lounge chair, and crossed her pretty legs. "So you want to become a cocksucker for one million dollars?", I smiled at her, leaning against the desk. 



She blushed terribly, and recrossed her legs and cleared her throat. "I...ah...well...ah...", she couldn't seem to verbalize her meaning. Finally she looked down and said..."Yes, that's correct." 



I smiled at her in a friendly manner..."There's no need to be ashamed Julie...if you complete the training you will be a very rich woman." She shifted again and looked directly at me..."It's worth it to me...", she managed..."I can't even imagine that much money...and just for doing oral copulation." 



"Have you ever sucked cock before?", I quizzed, standing over her now. She looked up and sighed..."No I haven't...but I've fantasized about it many times." "We will train you completely", I continued, "in the end you will greatly enjoy eating dick and swallowing cum." 



She blushed again and licked her lips. 



"Alright the process begins now", I said sternly, "tell me Julie..what are you?" She looked up and down again..."You mean...", she uncrossed her legs..."I...I'm a cocksucker!", she gushed, looking shyly at me. 



I grinned at her..."No, not yet...", I murmured, as I took her chin in my hand, "but you will be." 



"Before we begin your training Julie I want to show you something." I moved very close to her and my crouch was a few inches from her face. She looked at my zipper blankly. I reached down and unzipped my pants and pulled out my dick, which was beginning to harden from our conversation. 



I peeled back my foreskin and touched her lips with my pisshole..."Open your mouth Julie", I whispered, holding the back of her head firmly. She parted her lips and my dick was dripping on her blouse as I pushed it in her mouth.. 



She just sat there and let me shove my meat in her pretty mouth, but she didn't suck it. I slowly fucked her oral cavity, looking at the top of her head. "Ah Julie, semen is good for you...it's got so many good nutrients." 



Julie nodded her head a bit a grunted. "Umg..huh.", was all I heard as I slowly porked her cute mouth. I pulled my dick out again and looked down at her..."Tell me what you are Julie", I panted. She licked her lips and swallowed..."I'm a cocksucker...", she whispered, "a dirty cocksucker!" 



"You are a dirty cocksucker Julie, I can tell already!", I said cheerfully, "and we will teach you to like doing it all the time and eating large amounts of semen. Having my peter in your mouth is a good start girl." "Now we will begin your journey toward the one million dollars." I pushed a button and a female assistant came in. She waited for me to speak. 



"I fucked Julie's mouth just a bit and she did very well...begin her full training now, she's a bit shy at the moment." 



The assistant came over, smiled, and took Julie's arm and led her away. "Just put yourself in our hands hon", she said..."you'll like eating cum...when we're through with you." They left the room and I put my dick back in my pants and zipped up. 



I went to the main training cubicles to view the prospective millionaires being put through their conditioning phases. The first cubicle was being used to train Lindsey...a very pretty brunette. 



Lindsy had her panties off and was sitting on a special fuck penis, and was being conditioned to adjust to the taste of semen. A glass containing fresh cum sat in front of her. She still had her blouse on and a special porcelain bowl was beneath her face in the event of vomiting. 



Although the women were given anti nausea drugs, they sometimes vomited from the taste and idea of eating male ejaculate. This was normal, and in time, while they were brought to orgasm by the specially designed vibrating rubber dildo inside them, they began to associate swallowing the tangy cream with great pleasure. 



This process took weeks but in the end, by use of special conditioning drugs, and deep hypnosis, they were eventually able to drink one third of a glass of freshly donated cum, and greatly enjoy the taste and consistancy, while experiencing an intense orgasm. 



We had hundreds of male semen donors, constantly jacking off into collection containers, to keep our trainees well fed. The males were carefully screened, to insure their production of safe, viable seminal fluid. 



____________________________





When the women reached the point where they could gulp down the one third glass of cum and enjoy it...they were ready for the horse semen. 



This required a complete new adjustment, when we informed them of the type of semen they would be eating, and often resulted in more retching, but in time they were able to drink the large volume of horsecum while yelling in pleasure, as globs of horse jazz dribbled from their mouth. 



All of the activities here were extremely confidential, and protected, and no videos or other forms of recording were ever made of the women during the training process. 



The special drugs, deep hypnosis, and other sophisticated forms of conditioning that were used soon addicted the humiliated trainees to an intense and unrelenting need to eat cum of any kind. The rubber dicks fucked in and out of their wet cunts driving them into a frenzy of orgasm, and the nurses saw to it that plenty of semen was supplied to them to satisfy their needs. 



When a trainee was highly addicted to eating seminal fluid, her next phase of training began. Sitting on the same dildo device, the women were presented with erect male cocks to suck, one on each side. The women were never allowed any kind of sexual release, except for eating cum or performing fellatio on the endless line of male volunteers. 



The males wore special head masks so that the women never actually saw them...only the man's penis was visible to the woman while she performed oral sex on him to completion. 



The female trainees were subjected to constant verbal conditioning by the males, in the form of obscene epithets, such as cocksucker, cumeater, suckslut, etc, so that the women were brought to intense orgasm hearing these words as they swallowed the mouthfuls of salty scum. 



Soon the trainees were sucking off ten or twenty males in one session...and eating the hot orgiasmic fluid, having gone over the edge of the limits of their own self image. 



They were cocksuckers clearly and simply. Next the women began intense hypnotic conditioning...to insure that they continued on with their oral fetish after their payment and release. They would be permanently imprinted with an irresisible craving...the intense need to suck every peter that they could wrap their lips around. 



They would be highly addicted to sucking cock in general, and unwashed dicks inparticular. They would seek out cocks to suck day and night, and could never be satisfied no matter how many loads of thick slime they swallowed. 



---------------------------------------- 



One trainee, Lucy, was ready to leave and to collect her one million dollar reward. I always enjoyed this moment, and made sure I got a good blowjob before they were released. 



Lucy sat in a small cubicle wearing a tight, fashionable women's suit, and her face was beautiful as she looked up at me. I walked in and closed the door. My crouch was a few inches from her pretty face. 



"Well Lucy you're ready to collect your money and leave us...but before you do, I need relief...you know what I mean don't you?" 



She became very nervous and squirmed in discomfort, looking at the bulge in my pants, two inches from her mouth. She started to breathe very rapidly, and trembled as I unzipped my fly and pulled out my weiner. I stroked it until it was hard, and semen dripped on the front of her blouse. 



She looked at my pecker next to her face, and slowly ran her tongue around the perimeter of her bright red lips. 



She grabbed my dick and started to shove it in her pretty mouth. I pulled back and chastized her...holding my dong just out of range. She had a puzzled look on her face as she looked up at me. 



"You'll have to beg me you little cocksucker!", I grunted wickedly, and I slapped her mouth with my stiff dick. 



She groaned and twitched and began to masterbate herself as I rubbed my wet pisshole over her mouth. "You beg me you dirty little cocksucker or you won't finish in the money!" I was greatly enjoying her humiliation and looked down grinning sarcastically as she pleaded with me. "You know I need to suck that peter", she groaned, "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!" 



"Please, please let me suck your pecker off, please, I know I'm a dirty cocksucker and I know you have to embarrass me." "I need to eat your fucking dickwad...please call me dickwad while you fuck my mouth...I've got to eat dick several times a day thanks to your training. Please just let me suck your pisshole and taste your urine...please just let me do that!" 



I stroked my peter and looked down at her..."Open wide dickwad and stick your tongue out...I need to jackoff!" 



She opened her mouth widely, her eyes squinted in pleasure as I beat off over her tongue. She was groaning and moaning as I shot a thick glob of dick snot over her tongue and face. 



She went into orgasm very quickly...her lower body jerking in pleasure, and she looked up at me, her eyes glazed over, craving the funky dick snot filling her oral cavity. 



I pumped my hips again and again, holding the back of her head, squirting hot cum on her tongue, and soon it filled her mouth to overflowing. She looked up at me and moaned out loud, her mouth wide open and full of white foamy goo. 



"Umph...uggh...ulp", was the only sound she could make and then I nodded at her. She gulped the hot tangy glue down, swallowing several times as she ate the disgusting mess. I emptied the contents of my balls over her tongue and she ate it all, going into intense orgasm as she gulped. Soon she was finished, and slumped down exhausted, and my limp peter hung by her face dripping cum. 



"Good fucking blowjob Lucy...you cocksucking little slut!" She licked her pretty lips and cleaned around her mouth with her tongue, and swallowed the globs of paste there. She looked up at me satisfied and exhausted. 



"Ok girl...go get your money, it's over!" She grinned at me widely and wiped her face off with a handkerchief as she left. The front of her blouse was covered with thick gobs of cum but she didn't even seem to notice. 









I had become quite addicted to the hot sessions I'd enjoyed using the artifact.&nbsp; The small, smooth object had come to mean more to me than I ever imagined it would.&nbsp; There seemed to be no real damage done, however, as per my built in safeguard, and I had no doubt that once I had made an official separation from the object verbally, the addiction would be broken unless restarted.



I had no desire to break the addiction though, at the moment,&nbsp; and I craved the endless variety of intense sexual release that the artifact afforded me.



I still had a decent social life at the moment, but I was afraid that over time I might withdraw in an unhealthy way.&nbsp; That was in the future though, and I knew I had control over the object with my safeguards.



As I lay down nude on my comfortable bed I felt quite relaxed. I had set the room temperature to be just right for an extended trip.&nbsp; The room was at about seventy-eight degrees...and I knew I would not experience chills or discomfort.



After the initiation process I fell into a deep trance quickly...and as I did I could see a very slight green haze permeating the darkened room. This was normal, and I knew that the object was working properly.



I arrived at the endless hallway...sitting in the travel cart...and decided I would take a more extensive tour to search for just the right experience.&nbsp; As I perused the thousands of doors along the way...I just couldn't believe the vast extent of sexual behavior that was possible.&nbsp; I knew that I was designing the content myself...subconsciously...and that I had a very nasty libido.



I stopped finally, and began to read the door titles one by one.&nbsp; 'Toe sucking', 'Fucking the highschool cheerleaders', 'Sexual humiliation-maledom, 'Sexual humiliation-femdom', 'Forced cuntlicking'...'Forced breeding facility-femdom'.&nbsp; I paused at the last one...my dick was hard as a rock and stood out from my fly dripping cum on the hallway floor as I stroked it.&nbsp; I opened the door and stepped inside, and thought carefully.



Suddenly two hooded quards appeared from nowhere and pulled me inside the room.&nbsp; They slammed the door shut hard and quickly secured my hands behind me.&nbsp; I was flabbergasted because I had not actually chosen the room and closed the door myself.&nbsp; Obviously the artifact had thrust me into an experience&nbsp; against my will, and I knew then that I could never really trust it again, completely.&nbsp; 



I was whisked through a door into the next room...which turned out to be some kind of preparation room.&nbsp; One of them gave me a slight shock below my right ear using a long metal rod, and I was unable to move coherently after that...and stood there helplessly as the two hooded guards stripped me naked.&nbsp; Though I wore no clothing lying back on my bed at home...I was always fully clothed as I began my hallway searches.



They sat me down on a special chair and strapped my legs and arms in tightly, just in case, I assumed, of sporatic movement on my part.&nbsp; Then one of them pulled out a hypodermic syringe and drew liquid from a vial.&nbsp; She squirted the tip in the air briefly and as one guard pulled my pecker forward stretching it painfully, the other swabbed near the base of my dick with alcohol.&nbsp; I wanted to move but couldn't and soon the tip of the needle was brought down to my penis and shoved into the hollow cavity of my corpus collosum.



A trickle of blood showed and she injected the contents into my penis as the other held it outstretched.&nbsp; It stung a bit but wasn't as bad as I had imagined and she pinched the injection spot hard for a bit, and slowly stroked my near erect cock.&nbsp; Soon my peter was rock hard and draining semen as she expertly milked it to a very painful erection.&nbsp; The head skin was tight as a drum and my dick bobbed up and down involuntarily, flipping cum on the chair.



I had never had a hardon like this, and my balls were aching, swollen with cum.&nbsp; They released me and walked me into another room, where, to my absolute shock, I saw ten naked women strapped doggie style into special restraint fixtures.&nbsp; They were all attractive, with perfectly formed asses, and their tits hung below them jiggling lightly as they moved.&nbsp; Their heads were secured in comfortable restraints, and their hands and arms were strapped securely also.



I could see that they were probably comfortable from the way the fixtures were designed, and their chins rested on soft foam rubber pads.&nbsp; They were all breathing very heavily...obviously under the influence of some aphrodisiac...and cuntjuice dribbled from their hairy pussies, and dripped onto the surface below.



Most of them were begging to be fucked...and a pretty nurse came in...and stood waiting for me.



Ten cunts stood wide open to me, dribbling cream, and the guards took me over to the first captive woman, who was&nbsp; panting and using the most obscene language possible begging me for fuck her.



The nurse spoke briefly to me as she roughly stroked my stiff prick, and at the same time plunged her latex gloved hand into the pretty lady's sopping fuckhole.&nbsp; By now I had regained coordinated movement again and the two guards stood ominously behind me with their shock devices drawn.



You will impregnate all of these women as we watch, one by one, and if you not ejaculate into each of them, we will electrocute your penis and balls.&nbsp; I could see a restraint fixture over near the corner...and electric leads and probes which I'm sure were designed to produce great pain.



The guards shoved me forward and as I held onto the woman's back, my stone hard pecker slid quickly into her tight, wet cunt.&nbsp; As they pushed me forward all my ten inches were shoved in...and I began fucking her like a stallion, bucking my hips in and out as my hard weiner probed her hairy hole.



I yelled and got my nuts off quickly, shooting a thick wad of semen into her wet snatch.&nbsp; As I finished my load they pulled me to the next woman and I quickly mounted her, and fucked in deeply, feeling my hanging balls slap her asscheeks.&nbsp; She was in a frenzy now moving back against my huge prick and she milked me as I fucked her.&nbsp; I yelled again and pumped my hips forward emptying my load into her raunchy cunthole and the hot scum splattered out as my dick popped out.



I went down the line and fucked each woman...looking intently at their raw buttholes as I porked them. The women's assholes opened and closed to the rythm of my fucking, and I could see brown, shiny traces of anal residue inside as I worked them.&nbsp; The nurse and guards were forcing me to hurry all the way and after five I began to have difficulty popping my load.



It took me longer to get my nuts off each time but the perfectly formed asses in front of me made me cum eventually. My peter was still rock hard and dripping cum as I finished the eighth fuck.&nbsp; On the ninth piece of ass I was having just a bit of difficulty shooting my wad and the guards grabbed my hips and force fucked me...making obscene comments about fucking in general, and I groaned and bucked painfully as my ninth glob of dicksnot squirted into the tight hairy cunt.



They forced me into my tenth session of hide the sausage, and gripped my ass painfully as they pushed me in and out.&nbsp; The nurse grabbed my sore balls and massaged them and shoved her finger up my ass as I fucked, and just as they were losing patience with me I yelled louder than anytime before, and forced out a load of nut juice into the throbbing fuck oriface.



My legs gave way and the guards grabbed me and held me as I wobbled around, my poor peter still hard and stiff.&nbsp; 



The nurse slapped my ass hard and spoke with a snarl..."You have to reward them for their efforts now don't you asshole!", she barked...pushing down on my shoulders.&nbsp; "They gave you a good fuck, now you have to give them a little reward."&nbsp; I was on my knees now and they put a dog collar around my neck and pulled me roughly up to the first woman.&nbsp; "Clean her asshole out completely...then do all the rest of them.&nbsp; Remember what I told you about our electric treatment!"



I crawled awkwardly to the first woman's nasty rear crack...and could see cum slowly draining out of her raw vagina as I stuck my nose between her spread cheeks.&nbsp; "Clean your cum from around her cunt...then eat her asshole", the nurse commanded, and she jerked the leash and forced my face into the wide open anal area.



I dove in with my tongue extended and lapped several times smelling and tasting the brown stain.&nbsp; I ate it quickly, and the women threated me further as I did the dirty...and I think I had almost earned their approval by the time I finished my meal. I'd eaten my own cum from the outside of her sticky snatch, and all of the sticky brown substance around and inside her open hairy asshole.



This was just the start though, and I was forced to go to the next woman, crawling like a dog, and tongue lap the mess in and below her puckered bunghole, until I'd eaten it all.&nbsp; By the time I had finished sucking the last hairy, smelly, farthole there was a thick brown ring around my mouth and the shit stain was up in my nose and all over my face.&nbsp; I know I'd eaten a few tablespoons of my own dickwad, and I was&nbsp; thoroughly disgusted with the whole experience.



I was afraid I would be forced to do this for days or weeks but to my surprise, and great relief, they released me back into the front ante room after I'd finished my raunchy work.&nbsp; I waited there for my return to my real world, and admitted to myself that though I'd had a hot time here...I think I would have chosen to do it myself.&nbsp; I now knew that the artifact would trick me on occasion, and I would be thrust into unfamiliar areas, and this disturbed me greatly.&nbsp; 



I would have to give my future excursions careful thought.&nbsp; What freaked me out was the fact that underneath, I had designed the whole thing...and came to realize that this kind of experience was something that I desired on a highly subliminal level, and that's where the object would be taking me, regardless of my feelings of the moment.

















I had made a science of designing sexual adventures by now,&nbsp; and enjoyed some of the hottest sex that I could ever imagine using the small, black alien artifact.&nbsp; Absolutely anything was possible sexually, and it was all gone after the fantasy trip, with no loose ends, and I was set for another incredibly raunchy adventure at my descretion.



I had been concentrating far more, recently, on my social endeavors, and though I had a large circle of good friends,&nbsp; I could never, never tell them of the artifact.&nbsp; A thousand reasons would keep me from doing this, one of which would involve the government and national security.&nbsp; If the government ever found out about this thing I couldn't even imagine what the consequences would be.&nbsp; This must remain a secret as long as I lived.



----------------------------------



I began another 'carnal safari', as I sometimes called it, and lay on my bed rested and prepared.&nbsp; I had no idea at this time exactly what the adventure would be, but I knew it would be hot beyond my wildest desires.&nbsp; I was really there, physically, doing these things, it was exactly the same as real life, and one couldn't tell the difference while there.



I arrived at the endless hallway, and walked leisurely, stroking my 11 inch dick as it protruded from my pants fly, and the cum was draining out noticeably.&nbsp; My peter had grown in real life, and this was due, I assumed to the infinitely more intense orgasms, and extended manipulation that I had been experiencing.



I searched for maybe thirty minutes this time, driving the cart slowing along the dimly lit corridor, curious to see what was out there.&nbsp; It was mind boggling.&nbsp; Finally I came to a

section that seemed to be dedicated to 'femdom imprisonment', and I found a large number of doors dedicated to this genre.

I walked slowly, reading several of the doors and came to one titled: 'nurses of pain...punishment hospital'.&nbsp; 



My guts churned with anticipation because I craved something like this but didn't have the courage to go for it.&nbsp; I had no idea just how intense it would be.&nbsp; I knew how deceptive the artifact could be, and I carefully pondered the possbilities as I sat in the comfortable cart.&nbsp; After a long thought session, and considering all possibilities, I got up and slowly opened the door.



The ante room had many femdom pictures on the walls, and I stepped inside to look at some of them.&nbsp; I parked my cart in the doorway so that the door couldn't close, and looked carefully at the obscene photos.&nbsp; I could see that this was a very intense area, and the expressions of pain on the faces of the male prisoners was witness to this.&nbsp; I just knew that I wouldn't have the courage to do it and stood there regretting my cowardice.



I read a description of the prison facility...trying to find out more about the area, and what could be expected.&nbsp; A sign read:&nbsp; 



Male political prisoners are sent to this unique, and well hidden facility.&nbsp; The pretense is that they are mentally ill and a danger to society...the truth is that they are sent here to be punished, and to further the science of the study of pain.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are used for research here...pain research...to test new kinds of devices...to develop more effective and exotic techniques of extracting information.&nbsp; The methods used here are not horrific or babaric...but are highly&nbsp; sophisticated, and designed for unique kinds of discomfort.



I knew I couldn't do it and started to push the cart back a bit to exit the room when the unthinkable happened...the cart went into reverse gear for no apparent reason and shot out of the door frame into the wall on the other side of the hallway. 



My mind exploded with fear as I desperately tried to catch the heavy door before it closed but it was just a second too late and it slammed with a terrible thud, locking me irretrievably inside.&nbsp; I was beside myself with fear and looked around desperately, trying to figure a way out of this.



I knew it was too late though and sat in a chair holding my head.&nbsp; My mind raced from thought to thought, as I sat there, and suddenly I calmed down, realizing that I could not be physically or permanently harmed in my real life, and that the effects of the trip would be erased when I left.&nbsp; I suddenly noticed that I was becoming very sleepy, and tried to stand, but just slumped over on the long wall seat, and fell into a deep mist.



--------------------------------------------------------------





When I awoke, I was riding in the back of a van, shackled to the wall, along with four other male prisoners.&nbsp; We drove through a set of large steel gates, and entered the high security facility, driving for several minutes more before we stopped at a special loading dock.&nbsp; I now understood the prison, and why I was here.&nbsp; It was all very clear to me now.



--------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



My entry into TH-1, as this facility is called, was made possible because of my political views...which means any viewpoint not deemed acceptable by the powers that be.&nbsp; There were supposedly several of these covert hospitals...mental hospitals as they are called officially...three or four male units, and the same number of female units.



I arrived with four other males...all of us tightly bound and fastened to the inner walls of the van.&nbsp; When the door opened several female guards quickly removed us and marched us single file into the reception unit.&nbsp; They were attractive women, and each wore hand restraints, shock devices, and the usual baton and sidearm.



Once inside we were handcuffed individually to overhead eyebolts and had our clothing cutoff and pulled from us.&nbsp; Every stitch of our clothing was incinerated, along with our shoes...and we hung there with our shackled feet flat on the cold floor wondering what awaited us.



We were not allowed to speak at all, or to watch the other prisoners or guards...and had to remain silent, our eyes focused straight ahead.



Two nurses came in and began to give us each injections in the penis.&nbsp; They worked together...one holding our limp members&nbsp; outstretched, and the other forcing the needle in and injecting the contents.&nbsp; Each male in turn tried to move away but those who resisted were slapped in the face until they remained still.



A few droplets of blood were on the floor, but actually very little, and the pain was not severe.&nbsp; A male naturally abhores an injection in such a place...and we were all quite agitated by the time they finished.&nbsp; The nurses walked among us afterward&nbsp; stroking our hardening weiners, and soon we all stood there with major, and intracable hardons.



Cum was dripping from our rock hard dicks as they bounced up and down involuntarily, and it was a strange sight to behold. 



Then they took cotton swabs, and soaked them in iodine, and slid them up our dickholes , deeply coating the tender inner surface causing groans of pain from each of us. The stinging sensation was sharp and my eyes watered as I trembled and tried to remain still.



They moved the tips in and out deeply several times as each of us grunted and jerked and finished with a final shove leaving the imbedded swab deep inside our sensitive cocks.

Finally they tied a strap tightly around our elbows so that our arms were held upward and taught...and took us, one by one, to another room. 



The remaining prisoners had the unpleasant task of listening to what was going on behind the other door, the even, sexy&nbsp; female voice, and the yelps and groans of pain.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



I was, unfortunately, the last to be taken...and by now I was sweating profusely and trembling, barely able to stand.&nbsp; My arms were aching from my uncomfortable position...and I dreaded the walk beyond the other door.&nbsp; My arms were extended above me, and my fingers still didn't touch the top of the large metal door as we passed through.



On the other side was a well equiped medical room...and which also contained many wicked looking devices and instruments, whose purpose I scarcely wanted to learn.



A very very pretty blond nurse stood near a stainless steel table filled with hypodermic needles and other instruments...and her face was stern and commanding.&nbsp; My hands were attached to an overhead eyebolt...just as in the other room, but my feet, though still shackled, were strapped wide&nbsp; apart so that my dick and balls were completely exposed. A short metal pole with a thick strap was behind me near my hips, and they pulled the strap around and secured my hips so that movement was impossible.



I was stretched so that my feet were still flat but my body was pulled upward making me completely vulnerable.&nbsp; The guards left and the nurse looked at me impassively as she pulled on a pair of latex gloves.&nbsp; Her words were slow and calculated, and her manner was very professional.



"You are here for an indeterminate length of time cocksucker", she said, sitting beside me next to the metal cart..."and I hope this initial induction interview will impress upon you the need for your complete obedience while in this facility".



"Don't worry, you will not be permanently harmed here...and this is not a place of medival torture, but you will be introduced to controlled pain...in such a way that you'll wish you were anywhere else during our research sessions...but will have to endure our rather obscene activities".



"There are ways that you can greatly reduce your pain here", she said intently.&nbsp; She roughly pulled the cotton swab from my stinging pisshole, and threw it in a trash receptacle.



"If you suck cock your treatment will be greatly improved and you won't have to suffer the pain that the others do.&nbsp; Forget about traditional values and habits in this place...it's a different and isolated world.&nbsp; You think about that while I perform some painful, but necessary tests on you. I just want to impress upon you the fact that cocksuckers here have a much better situation, I assure you".



"We will brainwash you mentally and physically while you are here...but as I told you our kinds of treatments are not the&nbsp; traditional barbaric and damaging kind that you might imagine. OUr methods are sophisticated and scientific."



"Now...I want you to hold still as I do a pain theshold test on your penis...if you squirm it will just take longer so try to hold still."&nbsp; She lifted a long smooth metal rod from the tray and moved it close to my dickhead.&nbsp; The probe had a thin electric cord attached to the end of it and this led to an electric voltage dial on a nearby device.&nbsp; She coated the rod with a clear, jelly like substance, flipped a switch, and held my dick firmly as she began to insert the wicked rod up my pisshole.



I gritted my teeth and shut my eyes as the rod was slowly moved close to my exposed peter.&nbsp; A sharp stinging sensation began the instant she touched the tip of my tender dickhole...and I tensed and pulled against the restraints, trying desperately not to move.&nbsp; Soon I groaned and grunted and gasped as she slid the painful probe in and tears ran from my eyes as the test progressed. 



"You're doing well cocksucker, but I must take you to the limits of your endurance"&nbsp; She slowly turned up the current until my body became tight and quivering with pain...and I yelled briefly, unable to endure the sharp, needle like torment. She turned the current even higher now and I screamed and pulled desperately against the tight straps.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please...no please stop",I gasped , please I can't stand it...ahhh...ahhh...dam..."&nbsp; I quivered uncontrollably now sweating and screaming periodically...and was on the verge of passing out when she turned the current off.



She removed the firey probe from my urethra...and I slumped back against the restraints...gasping for air.



"You did very well cocksucker", she grunted as she pulled her gloves off..."You have a fairly high pain threshold.&nbsp; I must do things like this to you frequently...but as I said before,&nbsp; there are alternatives.



"Pain is a science...and we learn much from subjects like yourself".&nbsp; She looked at me intently..."We will do things to you that you will not believe, which are painful and degrading, but I'm afraid you have no choice but to endure them...our staff is dedicated, and most of them quite sadistic."



The guards came in then and unshackled me and led me to a cell where I was given food and water and painkillers.&nbsp; Apparently they wanted the prisoners to experience pain only under laboratory conditions.



I was then taken to a community shower where I was allowed to clean myself, and there were several other males there showering.&nbsp; There were a number of guards watching us closely.



Our feet were shacked at all times and any escape attempt or disobedience on our part was quickly rewarded with a painful zap from an electric prod.



The males all avoided eye contact, and all had erections from either their penis injections, or, as I soon discovered, the constant ingestion of aphrodisiac drugs given daily to each male.



I was taken back to my cell and placed there alone to sleep.&nbsp; The mind control drugs took a lot of the edge off my fear and discomfort, and I slept for many hours.



------------------------------



I awoke when breakfast was brought to me.&nbsp; Breakfast consisted of dogfood which was placed in the large doggie bowl near the toilet.&nbsp; I was made to eat my meal on all fours without using my hands, and drink water from another bowl in the same fashion. A guard whacked my ass hard with a flat leather paddle when I spilled some of the food on the floor.



The guards then escorted me to another of the many session rooms and I was subjected to more pain and probing.&nbsp; I was strapped into a chair, legs and hands secured tightly.&nbsp; Fear began to grip me again and the anticeptic metal tray did nothing to ease my anticipation.&nbsp; In front of me was a seating area and video cameras surrounded the chair.



Soon a number of nurses came in with the guards and some of them sat in the chairs while two of them sat near me.&nbsp; 



I was trembling greatly now and sweating already, and had been setup in my vulnerable position so fast that I didn't even have time to react.



My head was strapped to a neck restraint which allowed no movement, and I sat there completely open to them and whatever they had in mind.



One of the pretty nurses beside me spoke quietly..."This prisoner has received basic indoctrination and will now be prepared for computer analysis."&nbsp; Several leads were attached to my skull and neck and were connected to an interface to allow entry of physical data into the computer.



They gave me an injection which contained a powerful aphrodisiac, and as my dick became rock hard again, they began their sordid work.



Dispite constant instructions to remain quiet I yelled in desperation to them, sweat pouring from me as I squirmed against the restraints.



"Please...I'll do anything...I'll suck cock, anything!"



The nurses roared with laughter...and the torture nurse held my head with her hand and slapped my face hard.&nbsp; "Shup up you worthless fuck...or it will be harder for you I promise!"



The two nurses worked my dripping prick and slid a hollow rubber tube up my pisshole.&nbsp; I pulled back in pain and grimaced as the tube bored it's way up my penis.&nbsp; The tube ran to a small pump and the tubing leading out of the pump was inserted into my mouth and taped.



Apparently I was to eat my own cum at some point during the session.&nbsp; I stared at the group of nurses and they watched me intently in great anticipation.&nbsp; 



Then they forced a plastic device in my mouth and spread it open, locking it in place.



"Ladies", said the nurse, "We will induce a powerful ejaculation resulting from the pain, which will be consumed by the prisoner himself.&nbsp; We find that this greatly increases the intensity of degradation, which subsequently increases the intensity of pain.&nbsp; Pain with orgasm is a paradox that has to be seen to be assimilated."&nbsp; 



The nurse swabbed under my fingernails with alcohol, and picked up one of the needles from the beaker, it was long, with a thin rubber handle, and was about the thickness of a sewing needle.&nbsp; My fingers were completely immobile, and as she poked the very sensitive skin underneath...I tensed up involuntarily, looking fearfully at her. 



She looked at me with an evil grin on her face...and stared at me closely as she slowly forced it in.&nbsp; It broke the skin sending an intensely sharp pain up my hand.&nbsp; I grimaced and squirmed and yelled through my mouth restraint as she pushed it all the way under my nail.&nbsp; I yelled from the unbearable pain, pushing violently against the straps and the other nurse expertly stroked my dick as I was being tortured.



The needle was all the way under my nail and the cruel nurse was sweating a bit and breathing heavily now as she stared at my eyes, watching me grunt, and yell in pain.&nbsp; 



Then she took another needle and slowly pushed it into my mouth finding an open cavity in a tooth.&nbsp; I jerked violently again, the leather straps so tight against my skin that it was nearly cutting me.&nbsp; I was yelling out loud now and squirming as the nurse quickened her pace and jacked me off as I screamed in pain. 



I suddenly felt my balls begin to tighten, and in the middle of the agony I shot my wad and pumped my hips several times, ejaculating a huge amount of cum into the tube.



The thick semen shot into my mouth and I&nbsp; swallowed it involuntarily because of my spasms, and the nurse continued beating my dick until I'd emptied out completely.&nbsp; 



The nurse stopped her needle torment and removed the one buried under my fingernail.&nbsp; The pain was horrific and then they gave me an injection of painkiller...and treated my wounds.&nbsp; The pain went away, as the nurse removed the tube from my mouth, and the leads from my head, and everyone there seemed amused at the entertainment that they had witnessed. 



The nurse who had tortured me was asking questions now...looking for a reaction from the audience.&nbsp; One of the nurses spoke to me..."What is it like to cum while you're in pain", she said earnestly, does it make you ejaculate more'?



I couldn't believe my ears and was barely able to speak but I knew that I would be punished if I didn't respond.&nbsp; "I...I don't know, I said with watering eyes...I...I really got my nuts off!" 



The nurses were amused at this and spoke among themselves, laughing briefly...they had all been aroused during my torture...I could tell...and had been breathing heavily with that wild look in their eyes.&nbsp; I felt minor pain now but nothing like before and the guards released me and stood me up hands secured behind, and the women began fondling my dick and balls.&nbsp; They made me jump, squeezing my nuts, and seemed to enjoy this greatly as they stretched and jacked my pecker off.&nbsp; 

My dick was hard again and they each took turns beating my meat roughly...and soon made me shoot my wad again.&nbsp; They knew it hurt and they continued doing this until I was dancing around in pain ejaculating repeatedly to their minstrations.



Finally I was taken back to my cell again and allowed to rest. They gave me painkillers and allowed me to recover for a full day before doing their sadistic work again.&nbsp; I was hoping I could suck cock to avoid the tortures, and I hoped that I could maneuver into a position to do whatever they wanted...whenever they wanted it on a regular basis.



I daresay a substantial number of the other males were probably turning over the same thought in their minds.



-----------------------------------------------



The next day after breakfast the guards came for me again and&nbsp; I was so terrified to go with them they had to physically remove me from the room.&nbsp; A few shocks from the electric prod soon changed my mind, however, and I was pulled along stumbling awkwardly, unable make my limbs work.



I was then taken to another large room where there were about eight or ten other males standing there in shackles, and they were being watched closely by the guard staff.&nbsp; There was a wire cage against the wall and a computer beside it with a nurse operating it.&nbsp; I could also see electric cords coming from the back of the cage and I tensed in fear, not knowing what they had in mind.



The cage floor was a crisscross of thin metal slabs as were the walls, and there was some kind of high tech head dress hanging near the door of the cage, which was wide open.



The head nurse spoke loudly as we all cringed in morbid anticipation.



"This, gentlemen, is an electric pedomic floor especially&nbsp; designed to cause pain and embarrassment to whoever is unfortunate enough to be locked inside.&nbsp; You will each be placed in the cage afterwhich a strong and painful current will be opened to the metal slabs on the inside in a calculated and scientific way.&nbsp; I think I needn't tell you that we have some interesting reactions from our torture subjects."



"YOu will dance, I promise you, like you never danced before.



She paused for effect.&nbsp; The group of nurses smiled lightly...and it was obvious that this was one of their favorite pastimes.



"There is, however an alternative...one that I'm sure most of you will find quite repugnant...but which is available to you nonetheless."



"If you suck every cock here...you will be excused from the torture and allowed to go back to your cell, until your next scheduled pain inducement session.&nbsp;&nbsp; The more cock you suck while at this hospital...the easier you time spent here will be."&nbsp; 



No one moved or spoke and every male was in shock from such a proposal.&nbsp; Finally the head nurse spoke again..."Very well, let us proceed."&nbsp; The guards grabbed one of the hapless males and thrust him into the wire cage...his shackles still on his feet...and his arms bound behind.&nbsp; He fought bravely but to no avail and soon he was locked inside and the operator began to apply the cruel current. 



The man jumped in the air at the first spark...and yelled loudly boucing up and down in pain.&nbsp; He screamed as the hot sparks bit his feet...and jumped up and down continuously screaming in pain.



The current was raised to a higher level and he screamed in agony...jumping violently in the air and falling against the metal wall where he received more vicious arcs of pain...and he jumped and bounced around the cage babbling and screaming. The nurses were quite turned on by this and stood close to the cage, their eyes glazed with lust.



Finally the current was cut, and the man fell to the cage floor quivering in pain.&nbsp; They dragged him out of the cage and sat him in a folding chair in line with other men.



"Now, gentlemen," said the head nurse again...I think you get my point."&nbsp; She walked up to the next prisoner in line to visit the cage, which happened to be me and smiled broadly.



"So...what is it...suck cock, or dance for us."&nbsp; I was torn, obviously, and shook with fear, dreading my turn in the wicked device.&nbsp; I looked at her sheepishly...and dropped my eyes, not saying a word.



"Well ladies," said the attractive head nurse, "I think we've found ourselves a cocksucker!"



The guards separated me from the line and brought me to the first&nbsp; of the males.&nbsp; The head nurse was enjoying this immensely, as were all the women there, and took me by hair..."You're going to have to get on your knees, I'm afraid, if you intend to suck all these cocks...don't you think?"



I trembled with shame but slowly dropped to my knees in front of the first male.&nbsp; I hesitated and was prompted quickly by an impatient tug to my hair.



The nurse was becoming angry now and spoke into my&nbsp; face..."I'll give you five minutes to suck every cock here, and if you aren't finished in that time we'll put you in the cage and double your time there!"



I quickly took the hard penis and shoved my mouth over it and began to suck earnestly.&nbsp; The nurses stood near taunting me, and as I moved on to the next dick were commenting on my natural skill as a cocksucker.



They held my hair and forced my head in and out giving me cocksucking instructions as I shamelessly performed fellatio on the second cock.&nbsp; The head nurse called out the time and I was moving more quickly now, afraid that I wouldn't make the time limit.



I ate dick voraciously now crawling to the last few men in line, my face dripping with precum that had coated my lips.



I knew that I really had no choice...it just wasn't worth the additional agony that one could endure here...and after all...who would blame or remember later.&nbsp; Once my travel time limit was over and I was back home, what would it matter? 



I sucked the last cock and stared with bleary eyes into the lens of the video camera that had been following me the whole time.&nbsp; I was assured that my video would be sold worldwide to interested porn dealers.



I rose again and sure enough was excused from the cage and stood in line with the rest.



The head nurse spoke to the next male...and he refused with gritted teeth.&nbsp; They dragged him kicking and screaming into the cage where he was subjected to the cruel torment.



------------------------------------



When it was over five of the ten males sucked cock, and the others held out despite their terrible punishment.



I had a feeling, that as time went on all of us would be sucking but then the question arose in my mind...who would they torture if we all pleased them and sucked.&nbsp; It was more than I could assimilate now and I found myself screwing up my face at the swampy taste of cum in my mouth.



I was last in line and had to accept the additional degradation of receiving several mouthfuls of semen.&nbsp; I spit them out and no one protested...I guess, for now, sucking was enough.&nbsp; My mouth tasted real funky, and had a slight limburger cheese flavor.&nbsp; I wasn't able to wipe my face after the fellatio session, and had to leave there with cum dripping from my lips.



I and the others were once again removed to our quarters and&nbsp; given painkillers and special food supplements to enhance the activity of our gonads.&nbsp; Each of us was wanted desperately to exclude ourselves from the wicked sessions with the sadistic nurses, and just how to do this occupied most every waking hour.



The situation was becoming critical and I was terrified as to the time I would have to spend here...I had no idea how long it would be...and vowed to make important changes in the future in my sex travels. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



When I awoke the next morning I was absolutely delirious with&nbsp; joy since I was now sitting back in the ante room where I had started...and I knew it was over, it was actually over. 



Soon I was sitting in my own bed.&nbsp; No words can describe the total exhuberance I felt, and I knew that it would be quite some time before I was over the ordeal...but I also knew that&nbsp; the stress would do no permanent harm, and I decided to take break from the sex trips, and get myself back together.&nbsp; 



In the future I would design my sex voyages with far greater care...I wanted to experience so much more, and I had some terrific ideas on the back burner. 





 











 







 

















My use of the artifact had become second nature by now...and I knew that I had barely scratched the surface of what lie behind those doors.&nbsp; I planned to create some of the more uplifting kinds of sexual scenerios in the coming times, but right now I was enthralled by the extremely nasty adventures that I had experienced so far, and craved much more.



There were many childhood memories floating around in my libido...intensely erotic memories...and I planned to exploit them expertly later. There would be much more time to experiment.



I had decided to videotape myself during this voyage just out of curiousity, to observe my body during a travel session.



I carefully setup the video camera and turned it on, and after lying in a comfortable position I began the sequence. 





I noticed that each time I reached the hallway lately I had become more and more sexually aroused and this seemed to make the adventures even more intense than before.&nbsp; I would have to build in a special damper for that soon...otherwise I would be ejaculating upon entry into the hallway.



I walked about a hundred yards with the cart following closely behind, and ran across a section that looked promising.&nbsp; I had been traveling much further in the past but never knew just when the right door would catch my attention.



The door that finally caught my attention was titled: 'warden...women's penal facility'.&nbsp; There were many more nearby involving prisons, with about every variation possible.

I could be a prisoner with a male warden...or a prisoner with a female&nbsp; warden...or I could be a warden myself of a women's or men's prison.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



I had no desire whatever to become a prisoner again so soon&nbsp; after my recent ordeal so I opened the door and looked inside.

There were pictures of the facility on the walls.&nbsp; It appeared to be fairly modern in design, and there were pictures of the cellblocks, and hundreds of female prisoners and a view of the large cafeteria area.&nbsp; 



I stated my time limit: 'three hours'...I had been playing it safe, more or less, selecting short periods of time...just as a precaution.



I closed the door and once it was sealed I stood for a moment, while other the door at the end of the room opened slowly. 



I walked into my office and at once knew every detail of the setup.&nbsp; I closed the door behind me and looked out of my large window overlooking the women's cellblocks.&nbsp; On the other side of the room was another window looking out onto the large prison grounds. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I am the warden of a special prison complex in central South America, and my prisoners are of a unique category owing to the nature of their crimes. The prisoners here are all attractive females...and have been given the option of serving three months here doing filthy porn videos...or serving ten years in the government prisons...an unpleasant alternative at best. 



The government prisons are overcrowded...and mismanaged, and corrupt...and women who serve time there are unavoidably damaged physically and mentally for life...if they are fortunate enough to survive the ordeal at all. 



The women who come here have committed less serious crimes, but crimes that are particularly distasteful against innocent members of the population...the weak and the elderly, and the vulnerable. They are offered a full pardon after three months if they agree to sign themselves over to usage in the porn industry during that time. 



The videos made here are considered to be the filthiest in the world...but the women know they will not be harmed physically, and will be well taken care of in all respects, as pertains to medical care and nutritional needs, housing etc.. 



Needless to say these videos are also the most in demand on the world market...and huge sums of money are involved from these sales. 



Customers who buy these videos are also given the opportunity&nbsp; to design their own stories within certain perameters. 



-------------------------------------------------------------- 



No form of the more terrible kinds of videos are made here...ones involving torture or serious harm to anyone...this is strictly prohibited...and the production of these videos is closely monitored by the trained staff to insure that nothing of this nature happens here. Any violators are punished accordingly. 



The videos are merely sexual lust and filth of all sorts including beastiality...the kinds of fantasies that many have in the back of their minds...but are afraid to verbalize. Many of these women are prostitutes, at the outset...and so most of these activities would not be foreign to them. 



Some of the pretty women are professionals, however, who have done shameful harm to the helpless and elderly...and have chosen this course to avoid something much more severe in the form of punishment. 



Just about all of the women offered this alternative accept it. 



I run the prison according to strict standards...which allow the women to return to society after they have performed as directed in the hot video productions, and the only real harm done them is to their pride...which they put in jeopardy by their unsavory and distasteful crimes in the first place. 



If they refuse to do what they are instructed to do during production sessions...they are returned to the regular prison system, and sent to one of the national facilities. This never happens, however, and the women always give in to common sense and resign themselves to enjoy their video chores, and the pleasure that is available to them if they want to enjoy it. 



Of course the women know that they will have to suck cock and be the object of gangbangs...among other things...but three months of this...(under the influence of aphrodisiacs) will turn out to be a blessing in disguise compared to what their fate would have been otherwise. 



They are also given the alternative of certain drugs that essentually remove their sense of disgust, so that they are basically oblivious to what they are required to do, and are not subject to the challenges to their basic moral imperatives...and many of the women choose this...and are taken off the drugs before leaving the prison unharmed. 



Others choose to just do it without all that, and possibly enjoy their own kind of release from their sexual tensions. 



After interviewing the newest prisoners who have arrived during the past twenty four hours...I give them over to my capable staff for disposition, and assignment to the many video production studios in the prison. 



After selecting a few of the more attractive and arrogant of the new inductees...my staff has invited me to a session which is being held in one of the large male employee toilets. The bathroom has twenty toilet stalls, and special restraint fixtures are installed in the room to facilitate usage of the female prisoners during production. 



_____________________ 



I arrive and take my seat in the spectators section...a comfortable grouping of enclosed cubicles in a carpeted area near the center of the action enclosed by metal railings. I and others of my staff often view the sessions, and there are also military or political figures who visit the prison to enjoy hot sexual release or perhaps participate if so desired. All of the video production areas have these cubicles so that the sessions might be enjoyed anyplace in the prison. 



Today there are ten viewers...including myself...and each of them undoubtedly in great agitation for the coming filth. There are ten cubicles with one way glass panels on the doors,...so that the viewer may sit comfortably in the small room, with the door closed, to look out at the action a few feet away...and masterbate, if so desired, to the ongoing video production. 



____________________________





They may also have an attractive prisoner sucking their cock during the activities...so that they might release their spunk into an accomodating mouth during the show when they reach climax. The cubicles are designed for this need if requested. 



I, my staff, or visiting VIP's are also welcome to participate in the nasty fun if inclined to do so. 



__________________________ 



If the prisoners refuse to perform any sexual duty requested...they are immediately returned to the countrywide prison system. They know this and no one ever refuses. 



There is a farm facility at the prison, with horse stalls and a kennel for the large dogs used during production. One's imagination can make use of these items of information...and the conclusions would probably be very accurate. The women are required to be used in this respect in very interesting and creative ways. 



In today's production scene three of the large German Shepards are to be used, and are allowed to drink from the toilet stalls in this and other staff bathrooms...so that their long tongues will most certainly be tainted by residue from toilet usage. One's imagination might be tempted to run wild...but time will reveal the contents of today's script. 



A pretty and shapely brunette is brought in...and she is requested to take off all of her clothes as she stands before the cubicles. The woman looks defiantly at her invisible audience and strips off, having her prison attire placed nearby. Jumpsuit, bra, panties, and shoes and socks. 



Then she is requested to drink a shot glass of spanish fly...a well known aphrodisiac...used by farmers on their livestock for many years. 



She downs the clear liquid and is requested to kneel doggie style into the special fixture in front of the spectator's area. 



Soon she is strapped in tightly kneeling in the doggie position, her legs spread so that all of her rear equipment is exposed. Soon she begins to breathe more heavily. The drug is beginning to take effect and before long she is writhing in pleasure, her hips moving around in response to the powerful sex drug. 



She is moaning lightly, and gazes at the cubicles a few feet away in the audience area. She can't see the occupants, of course, but knows they are ogling her obscenely, possibly jacking off by now. They are taking in all of the action, and she knows that they are beginning to be aroused by what they see. 



There are several professional video cameras mounted around each staging area, and all is recorded for editing and distribution worldwide. 



The woman is perspiring slightly now as she wiggles around in the fixture...and a clear juice can be seen running down her leg on either side from her wet cunt. 



Three naked males enter and surround her face, each stroking their dripping peckers. One of them holds her head and rubs his pisshole over her face. He slides his hard pork in her mouth and begins to fuck it, bulging out her cheeks on each side as he moans in satisfaction. 



He jerks forward, and holding her head, pumps a heavy load of cum into her mouth, forcing her to swallow it as it squirts in. The hot semen dribbles from her lips as she gulps, and soon his limp dick hangs by her face as she stares at the opaque windows of the cubicles. 



The other two men take their turn, porking her open suckhole, and as they do one of the large German Shepherd dogs comes over, after drinking out of a toilet bowl, and begins to lap at her dripping cunt. His long tongue delves in deeply, and he scoops out a large amount of smelly vaginal juice and eats it. 



The woman, driven into a suck frenzy swallows two more loads of hot scum from the two greatful males, and when they leave, the dog goes around to her face and begins to clean off the semen. 



The dog's long swampy tongue licks the woman's face off, and she tries to move her head away, but the animal is very insistant, and soon he is licking up her nose and into her mouth. She gags briefly, but the dog continues his work and laps his tongue deep into her oral opening, eating saliva and cum. 



He laps into her mouth rapidly for a full thirty seconds, cleaning the back of her throat, as the woman kneels there in shock, her mouth fully open, seemingly unable to stop it. 



She gulps dog saliva and cum involuntarily...and gags, not believing what is happening to her. 



____________________________





Two other dogs have just finished drinking from the toilet bowls and they come over sniffing her rear. Soon the two animals are lapping out her sopping vagina and anus, swallowing cream that has accumulated. One of the dogs slides it's long tongue up her open asshole, while the other laps deep inside her cunt, cleaning out the fragrant inner juice. 



Soon the two dogs at the rear finish their meal, and come around to the front and begin to lap at the woman's face, as the other animal goes back behind her again and begins to eat more accumulated drainage. 



The two dogs begin licking her face rapidly, and their tongues find her mouth and force it open delving deeply inside. The long swampy dog tongues lap inside her open oral cavity,tasting of toilet water, cunt juice and feces, and she holds her mouth open for them...apparently unable to close it. Her eyes bulge out and she gags as she swallows more cum and dog saliva. 



Then the animals jump up on her shoulders in front, and their long, hard peckers soon find her open mouth. The dogs have been well trained, and she merely kneels there unresisting, as they each service her oral cavity while she looks blankly at the cubicles. They each squirt thick loads of dog wad down her throat, and despite her gagging, she swallows it all. 



She is in a frenzy now, ...unable to fully comprehend what she is doing. 



When the whole spectacle is over the woman kneels there in a trance of shame, dog cum and saliva dribbling from her lips to a large puddle on the floor. 



The inhabitants of the cubicles have done what they're going to do by now, and the doors open and the smiling men leave the room. Female prisoners emerge first, from four of the cubicles, semen dripping from their faces, and scamper away, followed by the satisfied visitors. 



The woman is then taken by male nurses to the showers where she can clean herself, and then back to her cell. 



The next day this female prisoner must watch the whole disgusting video while she is sucking several cocks. 



Having availed myself of the intensely nasty activities, I returned to my quarters for a nap.



--------------------------------------------------------------



I awoke in my bed at home, feeling quite rested, and got up and shut off the video camera...I decided to wait until later to view the video, it might be interesting, and I would take time to analyze it thoroughly.















Before my last sex voyage I had set up a video camera to record myself as I lay there asleep. When I returned I&nbsp; examined the tape carefully and discovered that there was nothing unusual, except for the green hue permeating the room and my body. 



My curiousity satisfied I promised myself that I would begin a series of experiments with the strange black icon, at some later date, to discover it's true potential...which I highly suspected was almost limitless.



The artifact was apparently some kind of extremely advanced entertainment device left by some highly developed civilization long ago...either by accident, or on purpose.



I wanted to be very careful about capitalizing on the abilities of the artifact...and feared that if I tried using it to gain monetary reward, or power...the effects would be negative, possibly disasterous.&nbsp; There was so much left to explore that I decided to take one small step at a time...and enjoy myself to the fullest on the way.



In the back of my mind thoughts were running wild...for one thing I wondered if it would be possible to use the artifact at another location...merely by having it on my body.

If so...what could I do with it?&nbsp; Could I affect the people and circumstances around me? 



These were a few of many possibilites that I contemplated on a subliminal level, and I vowed to find answers to the many questions flowing from my curiousity as time went by. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



The artifact had been a source of incredible sex and lust from the day I found it, and there's no way I could have asked for more.&nbsp; I had visited many strange sexual venues and experienced the raunchiest most disgusting sexual activities&nbsp; imaginable.



Now I had a desire to explore my own sexual past, and accomplish forbidden dreams I had given up as impossible a long time ago.&nbsp; The high school cheerleaders,&nbsp; my music teacher, the neighborhood girl who had fucked everyone but me...and a host of other females I had jacked off to since puberty, but could never have.



I could have them now.



My aunt had been the most intense fantasy in my life...though many others ranked high on the list.



When I was nineteen my aunt was about thirty five.&nbsp; She was pretty,&nbsp; petite, about five foot three, and had the most perfect little ass I had ever seen. She had dark hair, on the shortish side&nbsp; I had jerked my load off many times thinking of her...and in my fantasies, I had imagined that she knew about my activities.



--------------------------------------------------------------

After a good shower...on a friday evening...I lay down on my bed and situated myself for optimum comfort. I was going downtown with the gang tomorrow night...but for now I needed to find out just how intense my sexual imagination could be while on a journey inside my most intimate libido space.





--------------------------------------------------------------



I arrived at the hallway...and stood looking down the long dimly lit tunnel.&nbsp; I jumped in the cart and drove wildly for what must have been a half mile, and screeched to a halt when something caught my eye.&nbsp; My inner desire knew what I was looking for...and brought me to it instinctively.



A myriad of doors lined the passageway...the theme was just what I had desired.&nbsp; I read from several doors as the cart followed closely behind. 



'HOt sex with highschool teacher'... 'Fucking the neighborhood girls'...'Fucking the cheerleaders'...'Getting oral sex from sleeping members of sister's slumber party'...'Licking the pretty lady's asshole in the dime store'. 



Primative desire ruled here...unfullfilled dreams that lay dormant.. here, the nastiest fantasies that I had ever had were layed out for my enjoyment.



Soon I came to the one I had been looking for...'Fucking and sucking with aunt'.&nbsp; I opened the door slowly and peered inside.&nbsp; The familiar ante room was there...and the same table, and long wall seat.&nbsp; I grinned slyly as I played with my long dick.&nbsp; Cum was oozing out and onto my hand.&nbsp; MY pecker stuck out from my fly and no power on earth could get it back in until my mission was accomplished.



A large, full length picture of my aunt hung on the wall...her pretty face...and great tits...and that magnificent ass.



I closed the door and stated outloud; 'suitable time period', letting the artifact choose for me. I walked slowly to the end of the ante room to the outer door.&nbsp; I knew that my own psyche would construct the scene...and I followed the unknown script&nbsp; mindlessly.



--------------------------------------------------------------



I stepped into my own childhood livingroom...the one that I had grown up in, and stood, mystified.&nbsp; Dad and mom were there...dad was reading the paper and mom was doing dishes in the kitchen.



My dad looked impassively at me..."Oh there you are son...your mother and I wanted to talk to you for a minute please".&nbsp; I came over and sat down, looking all around me...absolutely flabbergasted at this incredible situation.&nbsp; Mom came in and smiled and sat down also.



My dad looked knowingly at me.&nbsp; "Steve your mother's sister Bonnie has asked us if it would be alright for you to visit with her for awhile...since this is summer vacation...just get away for awhile and enjoy another locale for a month or so.&nbsp; She's very fond of you as you know".



Mom grinned widely and smoothed her apron.&nbsp; "Yes Robert...Bonnie gets very lonely by herself since the divorce, and she would just love to have you stay at her place for awhile. You're nineteen now and need to get out more on your own." "



"It would be a great experience", she continued, "Of course I know you have your friends here...but this would just be for a month or so and I think you would really enjoy it."



I was beside myself with exhuberance...my face beaming as I grinned at them.&nbsp; "Alright!", I said quickly..."oh that sounds like a lot of fun mom,&nbsp; I think aunt Bonnie's terrific!"&nbsp; 



They were quite happy about this, and dad volunteered to drive me there just as soon as I packed, which didn't take me long.&nbsp; I was excited beyond words...and still in a state of shock and amazement at the artifact's great talents, and reliving a part of my childhhood that had been so important to me.



As we left mom kissed me and winked slyly as she spoke..."I think you're going to have a most enjoyable time Robbie...Bonnie hasn't even been dating for a whole year...and she must be...uh...well quite needful, so to speak."



I was stunned at mom's candor and stared blankly at her for a second unable to comprehend what was happening.



She whispered to me almost so that even I couldn't hear..."Use a condom Robbie unless she's on the pill, ok?"

She looked down blushing and I just gawked at her nodding my head.



Dad winked his eye also and glanced knowingly at mom..."Yes Robert...your aunt will be very very glad to have a young, handsome man around the house for awhile."



--------------------------------------------------------------



The drive took about an hour, and out on the highway I was astounded at the realism of this whole production...I could not tell this from real life. The artifact's abilities were beyond comprehension.&nbsp; I was shaking with anticipation and planning my sexual activities carefully.



When we arrived aunt Bonnie was standing on her front porch waving at us.&nbsp; She wore a very tight skirt and blouse, and her big tits stuck out obscenely.&nbsp; I had a hardon already and tried to hide it as I carried my luggage to the front steps.

"Well Bonnie, how are you", dad said, huffing with two of my heavy bags.&nbsp; "You look good!"&nbsp; 



Bonnie had the most wonderful smile I had ever seen and she put her hands on our shoulders as we walked inside.&nbsp; We sat the things on the floor and she hugged dad first and kissed him, then hugged me tightly as her bra dug into my chest.&nbsp; She kissed me too and I was sure that she noticed my hardon but she didn't indicate so.



Dad looked at us with a pleased expression on his face and took Bonnie's hand..."I'm sorry that I don't have time to visit now girl, I've got to get back, but you take good care of this young man you hear."&nbsp; Bonnie smiled her delightful smile and hugged dad again.



"He's in good hands John," she said, looking sweetly at me, "I'll take real good care of him."&nbsp; Dad winked at me again and left, and in a few minutes aunt Bonnie and I stood watching the car pull away.



I stood looking at aunt Bonnie, my mouth open and my hands shaking, and she looked down at my crouch and up at me again rubbing one forefinger with the other making the 'shame on you' sign as she made the 'tsk...tsk...tsk' sound.



Grinning slightly she took my arm and led me into the dining room and sat me down at the dining table.



She made sandwiches for each of us and brought two glasses of milk.&nbsp; We sat and looked at each other as we ate.&nbsp; She looked pleasantly at me..."Robert I'm so glad to have you here...it's been very difficult since the divorce.&nbsp; I'm well off financially but I'm very lonely.&nbsp; Getting back in the dating game is something that I'm not very good at."



 "We can have great fun together, whatever you want to do...movies, concerts...nightclubs...whatever you want."



She was quivering strangely and I smiled at her as I finished my sandwich.&nbsp; Aunt Bonnie, you are so pretty...you've always been my favorite aunt.&nbsp; She grinned widely...the kind smile that conceals nothing, and gripped my forearm.



"Robbie", she was breathing heavily now and for the first time I could smell her womanhood.&nbsp; The nasty fragrance wifted up through my nostrils like fingers of pleasure, and my erection became total, making my pants bulge out in an exaggerated manner, the wet spot from my precum showing perfectly on the outside of my trousers. 



Her perfume was exotic, and the smell of her vaginal juices combined with it to make the perfect aphrodisiac.



She gripped my arm tightly and pulled me into the bedroom.&nbsp; When we reached the bed she sat down and looked up at me, panting with lust.&nbsp; She undid my belt and trousers and pulled down strongly, making my pants and shorts drop to my feet.&nbsp; I gasped with pleasure as my ten inch pecker flipped up and down, and she licked her lips eagerly as she put her hands around it and pulled it in and out. 



I was sure she hadn't had peter in quite awhile.&nbsp; She massaged my swollen balls as she pulled on my dick and then stopped and sat back again.&nbsp; "Get all your clothes off please Robbie...I really need it bad!"&nbsp; She was rubbing between her legs and I could smell her cuntjuice distinctly now...it was driving me insane.&nbsp; She licked her lips and looked up at me as I stripped off.&nbsp; 



"I'm protected Robbie so don't worry about anything.&nbsp; I'm so fucking horny Robbie...I need some fucking dick, if you'll pardon the french."&nbsp; I stood naked now and she motioned for me to get on my knees beside the bed.&nbsp; She had her clothes still on but her crouch was becoming a little wet and she spread her wonderful legs and pushed my head down into her damp pubic area.&nbsp; She put her feet on top of my back and ground my face into her hot crouch and I could smell the nasty aroma and I sniffed and rubbed my mouth and nose all over it.



I was so hot now I was shaking with lust and when she undid her slacks and pulled her pants and panties down suddenly, my face fell into, and splattered against her hairy snatch.&nbsp; The hot smelly juice gushed all over my nose, and she spread her legs widely, opening her raw cunthole.



I was so hot I immediately began lapping the funky clear fluid out of her vagina and had soon eaten more than a mouthful.



She pushed me up so that I was standing and kneeled on the bed holding my dripping pecker next to her mouth.&nbsp; She shoved her head onto it, and it slid easily all the way into her hot oral cavity.&nbsp; She sucked voraciously for a while and them held my dick up out of the way so that she could lick my balls.

 

My pretty aunt was looking up at me now with one of my nuts in her mouth sucking on it.&nbsp; She was in a frenzy now and sucked both of my balls as she stroked my hard pecker.



I couldn't even have imagined that I would ever see my aunt like this and when she grabbed my hips and turned me around I stood there paralyzed with lust.&nbsp; She spread my asscheeks widely and rubbed her nose up and down my asscrack.&nbsp; I had taken a bowel movement before I left and I knew she must be getting a nose full by now but she was in a trance and began licking my asshole, sucking it and rubbing her nose in it.



She did this for a full five minutes slurping and gasping in pleasure as she moaned and licked my smelly butthole. 



She stopped long enough to strip off completely, and as I stood there panting she kneeled on the bed doggie style, her perfect ass pointed upward at me as she hugged the pillow.



"I want you to fuck me and cum in me," she gasped, fuck me Robbie...please...please!&nbsp; She reached back and spread her cuntlips and opened her steaming vagina to me.&nbsp; I quickly got behind her and grabbed her wonderful hips shoving my rock hard weiner into the soggy mess before me.&nbsp; Cuntjuice was dripping out as my hard peter slid all the way in and as I fucked her a syrupy cream oozed out.



I pumped my hips wildly forcing my frozen pecker in and out of her wonderful fuckhole.&nbsp; She had a real bush and her pussy was completely surrounded by thick, dark, wet hair.&nbsp; Hairy cunts always made me very horney and I'd dreamed a long time about what my aunts cunt would look like.&nbsp; I was not disappointed...I began to lose control as my large balls began to tighten in an involuntary paroxism of pure lust, and I screamed as I jerked forward, shooting a thick, massive streamer of dickslime into her funky hole.



Her bush was splashing liquid on all sides now, as my uncontrollable orgasm continued, and she screamed in pleasure also, ejecting her orgasm at the same time.&nbsp; Her cunt squirted pussy juice with great force, combining with my cumshot to produce a wave of smelly scum that shot out onto the blanket and soaked it completely.&nbsp; It looked like someone had spilled a bucket of wallpaper glue all over the bedsheet.



I finally stopped jerking, and the waves of orgasm slowly subsided until my peter was still buried in to hot hole, but it was oozing cum now, as she moaned and buried her head in the pillow.&nbsp; I don't think she'd had a vaginal orgasm for a long time and I knew that she must feel weak and spent.



She fell on her side looking up at me with glazed eyes, and I sat down heavily on the side of the bed, in a sweat from the exertion.&nbsp; Her cunt drained obscenely onto the bed as did my prick...and she smiled briefly at me...looking somewhat strange with a brown ring around her mouth.



She panted, out of breath, as she looked at me..."I hope you don't think less of me Robbie...I was so horney...I have a compulsion for the smell of a man's ass...it's one of my&nbsp; things.&nbsp; Don't be afraid to tell me exactly what you like...no matter how obscene it is.&nbsp; I was hoping you liked the smell of a woman's ass too."&nbsp; She grinned widely licking around her lips. 



"Oh aunt Bonnie...I like to lick a woman's ass to, it's one of my favorite things!"&nbsp;&nbsp; She smiled with that wonderful smile of hers and pulled gently on my limp dong..."You and I are going to get along real good," she said quietly, "I think you're almost as nasty as I am."&nbsp; 



She jumped up and ran to the shower and after we'd both cleaned ourselves and she had changed the bedcovers, we lay down naked next to each other and fell asleep.



Every time she got up to go to the bathroom during the night, I could see her magnificent ass, and wonderful body outlined against the doorway.&nbsp; I loved her large furry bush and the obscene crack of her ass.&nbsp; I vowed to taste it in time.



--------------------------------------------------------------



When I awoke I was lying in the ante room again on the wall seat, and stumbled to the door just as I was taken back to my room.&nbsp; I woke up in my bed at home savoring the most incredibly horny memories possible.&nbsp; Best fucking piece of ass I ever had...she'd had multiple orgasms, and that wonderfully hairy cunt was beyond description.





I slept with delight after that...dreaming dreams, inside of dreams, inside of dreams.















&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Artifact-part 9





&nbsp; This story is intended as sexual fantasy entertainment for adults only.











By now I had become quite addicted to my small black, oval dream machine, and could no longer resist each new journey or experimentation. It was Friday and I had just got off work,&nbsp; and after supper and a shower, I lay down on my bed. I was ready for something different, and I was feeling extremely horny and careless.



I eased into a mindless sleep and awakened in the infinitely long hallway. A hallway filled with every conceivable kind of sexual perversion and pleasure known to mankind. My good friend the travel cart carried me along at a brisk pace, and I had turned several times entering new hallways each time. They went on literally forever, and I was astonished by the possibilities here.



I had to be very careful, however, after experiencing a few bad trips, and determined to be especially vigilant from now on. I had to admit deep inside, however, that I actually hoped in the back of my mind that I would find something intensely hot and, well, maybe a little dangerous. My mind created perfect fantasies that were absolutely real to me. This whole process was a genuine reality somewhere in space and time, and could not be distinguished from the actual thing to a participant.



I drove slowly past the endless procession of doors, and paused momentarily.



"Let's see......'Nasty farm girls....pretty, and cruel'."



'Hitchhiking and a car full of cruel sluts'.



'Suck and swallow by favorite movie star.'



"Hmmmmm......here's one, I whispered to myself as I rolled slowly to a stop."



"Intense femdom treatment with unknown content."



I set the brake on the cart and opened the door. I looked inside and all around and stepped forward, slowly reading the instructions on the wall.&nbsp; 'One hour.....five hours....one day'..... (Caution intense sexual content)



I stepped back outside holding the door open, and pondered for a moment. Dam, I knew I'd wind up with something like this again and I seemed unable to resist it. I was incredibly horny, and desperate for relief and threw caution to the wind. I knew that any time spent here was simulated, and that I would awaken at home fully restored. 



I went inside and let the door slam shut. As with all the fantasy rooms, once I did that I would be forced to enter and participate if I waited too long. I actually didn't know how this was enforced and I really didn't want to find out.



I chose one hour and the butterflies tickled my stomach sharply. The sensation made my spine shiver, and I felt a little queasy. Now I'd done it, but I didn't know what I had done to myself yet.



I slowly opened the door to the other room and went inside. I closed the door and stood there in curious silence. There were four stunning women sitting in a circle of easy chairs.



"Come over here and stand in the center Jim", said one of them.



I moved over and stood before them for a full minute as they stared at me. The tension was eating me alive and I was shaking from anticipation as I turned and looked at each one. The women said nothing, but merely stared at me, their eyes not revealing what lie inside their minds. I thought it better to wait until spoken to from past experience.



I was amazed at this group of ladies, since they were my four primary sexual fantasies. A high school gym teacher, a famous and beautiful movie star, a pretty nurse at my doctor's office, and the hot checker at a local supermarket.



One of the women spoke first. The gym teacher from my high school days. I'd had the hots for her, but I could never approach this lady because of my age, and her beauty and position. She was a gym teacher for the female students and I remembered her well. She was an object of great lust from the male students. She was head of the softball team, and had various other sports positions at the school.



She smiled sweetly at me.



"We want to talk to you Jim but first you must remove all of your clothing, we want to see you nude."



I looked at them and began to strip off and the ladies inspected me closely. When I got down to my shorts my erection was enormous and precum oozed out causing a wet spot on the front. When I tried to pull them off, my hard cock slipped through the crouch opening and stuck out in front of me, standing out firmly. I had about nine inches, being well hung. I pulled back the shorts and freed my protruding member and pulled the shorts off.



"Now Jim, get down on your knees."



I did so, easing down so that my head was near the lap of the gorgeous gym teacher. 



"Lay your head on my lap," she said, "I want to talk to you. As a matter of fact we all want to talk to you. We know everything Jim, we know who we are in your fantasy life, and that we are your major sex objects, and we know what you want us to do, and we're going to do it whether you cooperate or not."



"Do you think I'm hot Jim, do you like my ass and my pretty smile?"



I looked up at her mesmerized....."Yes mam....I've dreamed of you for many years."



"I know that Jim and I know what you need now. We're going to do things to you that you've fantasized about. You may be surprised at what you find though. That is our prime directive, and we must follow it exactly. I know everything about you Jim and what you crave but also dread. I'm not the woman you think I am as I will demonstrate. You have made us all in the image of your subconscious perceptions, and we must bring the truth to you and let you decide."



She was so voluptuous and pretty and my dick bobbed painfully as I looked up at her. My movie star lady grabbed my hands from behind, and cuffed them.



She turned me around and I lay with my head in her lap. Her tight skirt rode upward, and my face lay in her genital area. 



"You've dreamed about eating that pussy for a long time haven't you my stupid friend. I know you like my ass and pretty face. You've jacked off many times thinking about me. I know every thought that went through your mind while you shot your load into your hand. I know you eat your cum when you finish."



I know exactly what's in your mind, that's why my vagina is making an odor now Jim....I know just how to make it smell the way you like it. I know you'd like to eat that mess down there but I have something else planned for you"



"Uhm....yes I...umm.."



I was unable to communicate normally now, and knew that I would just have to ride the event out for the full allotted time.



The nurse pulled me around and I lay my head in her lap. Her spotless uniforrn covered her wonderful white stockinged legs, and her clean smell was highly erotic to me. She held my chin in her hand.



I know the smell of alcohol makes you horny because it reminds you of the painful stings from all the injections you've received all your life. I know pretty nurses make you horny and that you fantasize about being tortured by them in a medical setting. 



Finally the red headed supermarket checker pulled me over and I lay with my head in her lap. Her perfect body had always entranced me as well as her pretty face.



"I know what you want too Jim, and I can't wait to accommodate you. You may change your opinion of me by the end of your time here. You're such a fucking dipshit Jim, I could tell by your lack of conversational skills, and awkward manner. I really can't fucking stand you Jim, and I've wanted to tell you this many times in the store. I'd like to let you taste what is really me so I can enjoy your reaction. "



My dreamy gym teacher pulled me back over to her.



"He'll have an opportunity to smell our privates ladies, and he'll have time to reflect on his perception of his truth, versus the real truth. We know that's what you want Jim. All of your secrets are known to us. We've got your number big time Jim. Now let's get on with the event and move into the next stage.



They stood and the gym teacher grabbed my cuffs behind me and pulled me along with her. The others followed close behind.



We went into a large bathroom and the they made me kneel in front of a toilet stool. The gym lady pulled me over in front of the stool and looked down at me with an amused look on her pretty face. 



"Now you're going to get what you've dreamed about Jim, let's see if you can handle it."



The women all stripped off, and fingered their wet vaginal openings. The gym teacher stood in front of me by the stool and grinned as she pulled my face into her dark hairy pubic mound. It was incredible, and she forced my face over her wet pussy and rubbed it in.



"There you go Jim, your dream has come true. Smell my juicy cunt." 



I inhaled deeply and the pungent odor made me gag a bit but was still extremely erotic.



"Oh baby here's what you've fantasized about for so long. My juicy pussy during my period."



She rubbed her nasty wetness over my face and I delved my tongue in deeply and sucked out some of the sticky cream, and swallowed it. It was quite heady but I was so hot I kept eating her out and my face was a stinking mess within a few minutes. I lapped my tongue under and into her butthole, and it was pungent also, and obviously had fermented for most of the day. 



"Is that what you've been wanting all this time sugar pie. I can see you really enjoyed it, and my tasty asshole too. I remember you in school sweetheart and was disgusted by you. A stupid freshman kid absolutely repulsive to me. If memory serves you were always trying to peek at the girls in the showers. I'm glad you never spoke to me because I would not have been kind to you. Thanks for the cunt sucking you little turd, that's about all you could ever dream about from me. Your tongue felt just right up my farthole"



My heart sank, and I was deeply hurt, despite the fact that this was all a just a&nbsp; fantasy. My longtime erotic dream was damaged in a disgusting way.



The nurse moved over and stood looking down at me. Her body was perfect, and her large tits were beyond description.&nbsp; She then turned and stood with her rear to me as I remained kneeling in front of the stool. She spread her deeply formed asscheeks and her buttcrack was clean and her perfect anus dark and erotic. 



"I know you've fantasized about licking my butt Jim, and you can have your fun if you want. I must warn you though that I've always had a gas problem and I want to demonstrate for you." She pulled my face into her perfect rear crack and rubbed my nose over her pristine anus.



"Suck it Jim, you've been wanting to for a&nbsp; long time."



Without hesitation I lapped her sphincter several times and clamped my lips over the wonderful anal chute. She grabbed my head and held it as she released a series of powerful and acrid farts, and after I'd swallowed several I tried to break lose. The other women grabbed me and held me as she continued to blow me nasty kisses from inside her rectum. The pungent farts puffed into my mouth and the odor became too much to tolerate. 



I had to eat them, however, and within minutes I was gagging, unable to breathe. She let up and rubbed her asshole all over my face. A brown, wet residue had developed around her anal ring and it was smeared all over my mouth. She had an incredible ass but after her little breakwind session I was numb with disgust. 



"You've been wanting that for a long time now Jim, I know everything about you. Did you like eating my wet farts?&nbsp; Mmmmm.....I really enjoyed feeding them to you."



"By the way Jim I could never stand you at the doctors office, especially when you tried to look down my blouse when I weighed you. Your fucking breath stinks, you're boring, and you disgust me sexually."



I dropped my head in shame and was again deeply hurt by the comments of women I had adored for a long time. It was very damaging to me, and I merely kneeled there waiting for an end to this painful event.



Next the supermarket lady stepped up and stood looking down at me. "Now it's my turn you fuck! You've been ogling me for ages now at the store and you make me sick to my stomach. Here's what I think of you asshole....open your mouth."



I looked up in shock at her and opened widely, not really caring what happened now. She had a terrific ass and extremely bushy vagina enveloped in red hair, but when she stepped up and shoved my mouth over her pisshole I received an education from her. A thick streamer of dark yellow piss squirted into my mouth and the bitter taste made me gag. The gym teacher grabbed my nuts and squeezed hard and I began to gulp the disgusting swill down. 



I could barely get it in me as she sprayed inside my mouth and over my face and the bitter funky liquid was quite unpleasant for me. She shook off a few remaining drops and rubbed her magnificent cunthole all over my face. She obviously had not bathed yet today and her smelly pussyhole gave me a strong demonstration of how a fantasy can be misguided. "You worthless bastard, reality is a little different than the real thing isn't it."



The movie star then sat on the stool and began to have a strong bowel movement. 



"You've been dreaming about my cunt and asshole for years now Jim and me sucking you off and swallowing. I wouldn't touch a lowlife like you for a million dollars. I see scum suckers like you every day and I tear their ass up if they get near me. I don't want to meet you or talk to you and I'd much prefer having my body guards beat the shit out of you. Celebrity women aren't the nice people you seem to think they are, and if they knew you were beating off while looking at their pictures, they would want to vomit."



"Here's what I think of you bastard.....stick your head down in this stool."



I could hardly move by now and just gave in and did everything I was told. I lowered my head down into the toilet bowl and my the top of my head was buried in her rank cunt. She was obviously not the cleancut thing I had imagined, and when she dropped several large turds into the bowl I nearly retched. 



She shoved my head down into the bowl and pissed on it as she rubbed my face in her shit. She pinched my nose and made me gasp for air and then shoved my mouth down over a large lump of crap. I tried to spit it out but much of it remained in my mouth. I was near throwing up now but was able to control my reflexes and pulled upward and out of the bowl.



My face was covered with her shit and my hair soaked with her piss.



"You know I'll forget you in an instant after I've used you for a shit dump, and in a few months I won't be able to remember you at all. That's how fucking unimportant you are. Bastards like you get scraped off my windshield every day you worthless fuck. And I hope this really hurts you, that's what I'm trying to do.&nbsp; You're laughable to me and I want you to feel it and ache over it!"



I was in the throes of misery now, and fell into a deep depression as the four continued their verbal abuse.



They dressed and wiped the shit from my face and then cleaned me. 



Next they took me over to a comfortable easy chair in the front area, and the gym teacher sat down. She had a snide grin on her face and pulled me over her knees. My hands were still cuffed behind me and she pushed them out of the way. She took a paddle in her hand, hauled back, and slapped my ass as hard as she could with it as the other women sat nearby holding me. Her tight skirt rode up as she spanked me, and I squirmed around from the sharp pain.



I was stunned by this and tried to get up but the movie star grabbed my balls from behind and squeezed hard. I yelled and lay still as the gym teacher humiliated me with a spanking. This was more than a man could take, and I became furious until the ladies pinched my dick and balls forcing a scream from my saliva coated mouth. I lay there finally and let her do it, and after she finished the movie star took her turn.



"You fucking pussy son of a bitch!", she yelled, "let me show you what a real spanking is."



She slammed the paddle as hard as possible in the same spot until I was grunting and yelling in agony.&nbsp; She covered my ass with blood red patches of seared skin as she enjoyed herself. What hurt the most was the embarrassment and blow to my male pride.



"You limp dick asshole, what kind of man are you? Not much of one for sure!"



She pushed me off and I fell on the floor and tried to get to my knees. The women pulled me up and pushed me over the nurses lap and she used a small quirt about eighteen inches long. She lashed hard on my cheeks and I screamed from the pain. She continued her lashing all across both my ass cheeks and thick welts began to form with traces of blood.



The pain was excruciating and I tried to jump up but the supermarket lady had my poor balls squeezed tightly in her hands, and pinched my foreskin causing severe suffering. 



Next the supermarket lady took her turn and as they forced me over her lap she administered a severe spanking with just her hand. My ass was in so much pain by now that this sent me over the edge and I screamed at the top of my lungs as she savagely whacked my tender ass cheeks. My buttocks and genitals were in agony and I shook and quivered violently.



They stood me before them and I grunted in pain. 



"Jack it off!", said the gym teacher. "Let your pretty sex objects see you eat your own cum."



I looked quietly at them, numb and shamed to my core, and slowly began to stroke off for them. The movie star was quite enjoying this and pulled my hand to hers and spit in it.



"Here pussy boy, use that."



I began again and her saliva lubricated my hard penis and my fingers began to slide in a regular motion up and down. I looked shamefully at them all and was not able to stop myself. I had been broken, and they were taking the last of my weak self esteem from me. I jacked faster looking from one to the other of them for some small sign of sympathy, but found none.



They got in close to me, looking at my face and laughing as I wanked off. 



"What do you think of your sex dreams now pussy boy?", said the gym teacher. 



"Come on, hurry the fuck up!"



I whacked off faster and began to grunt as they ridiculed me. Their sarcastic smiles were devastating, and as I jerked my hips forward they became very excited. My cock spit&nbsp; thick streamers of cum onto the front their blouses, and they jumped back in anger.



"You fucking moron cocksucker!" 



"Let's take the son of a bitch to the torture room....."



They grabbed me by the balls and started to pull me to the back again but were stopped by my dreamy gym teacher.



"Can't do it ladies", she said, "his time's up."



She looked me in the eye....."Well buttwipe, did you find out anything this trip?"



"Your greatest sex fantasies turned out a little different than you expected didn't they?"



She turned slowly around for me.&nbsp; "Look at this incredible ass you fuck and rest assured I was a great piece of pussy back then. She reached up her skirt and slid her hand into her panties. She pulled it back out and held it near my mouth. The other ladies did the same and they all rubbed their strong vaginal juices into my mouth and nose, and all over my face. The smell was indescribably funky.



"That's how dream pussy smells boy, take a whiff. You won't forget that, believe me."



"And here's something else you won't forget."



With that she hacked up a glob of saliva and spit it in my face. As it ran down my lips the other women moved close and spit in my face also. The disgusting fluid dripped from my chin and she slapped my ass insultingly.



"Good boy!!!!", she chuckled, "That's a good pussy!"



"Come back anytime for more!"



They all smiled at me with disgust in their faces, and the scene began to fade.



**************************





I fell into nothingness and woke up on my bed with a full memory of my raunchy trip. The strong cunt smell permeated my nose and mouth and a streamers of saliva&nbsp; covered my face. This was the first time I had brought back actual physical evidence of a session, and it frankly disturbed me.



 The whole trip was an excruciating learning experience, and a great revelation for me.



I smiled to myself.......dreams are seldom what we imagine them to be but.........sometimes they are.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aceith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





