BDSM Library -  A Tale of Two Women




 A Tale of Two Women
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman discovers her female flat-mate engaging in self-bondage and decides to try it for herself.  They end up in mutual self-bondage, discovering a love of being tied to each other.


A Tale of Two Women: Part One

By Some Writer


Amanda looked up from her book as Joanna stuck her head round the door.  "I'm off out in a minute, pub and club trip with the girls as usual.  Did you want to come?"

"No thanks," Amanda said with a warm smile.  Joanna nodded in acknowledgement and returned to her own room to get ready.  Amanda always declined her
invitations to come out with the girls, but Joanna always asked out of politeness anyway.  If she was honest, Joanna could not imagine Amanda out on the pull
with the other girls.  Amanda had dull brown hair and a plain face that was not improved by the simple round glasses that she wore.  She was 
tall; at nearing six foot, she was taller than many men.  However, this could not completely justify her weight - her large figure seemed to hang down, 
giving her a very drooping look.  Her choice of clothes, which seemed picked especially to hide her size, did not really help, and left her looking
very maternal, more like a middle-aged mother than her actual late-twenties age.  She certainly looked more maternal than Joanna's own mother, who
was short and thin like Joanna.  She hated the thought of becoming her mother, and decided to stop thinking about that and instead focus on the night ahead.
Drink and men, that was what she wanted.

"See you later!" Joanna called out, and then Amanda heard the door slam shut, shaking the whole flat.  Amanda wondered if Joanna would bring 
a man back to the flat again.  On previous occasions, Amanda had been kept awake listening to the sounds of Joanna squealing and moaning as a new man 
pounded away at her, sometimes even shaking the wall that divided their two rooms.  They were always gone by morning though; Joanna did not let them 
stay unless they were a long-term boyfriend - but those were few and far between.  It was not that Amanda disapproved of Joanna's lifestyle - live and 
let live - it was just a totally alien world to her.

Unlike Joanna, pretty, sexy, svelte Joanna, Amanda was not someone that could simply pick up a man for sex by looking at him.  She wondered how Joanna 
would fare if their bodies were switched.  A blonde princess no longer, Amanda thought to herself.
Amanda continued reading for another hour or 
two, before crossing her room to switch on her computer.  Once it had fired up, she checked her email and browsed the news sites.  After a while, she
clicked on her list of favourite sites and began idly scanning down them.  She chose a site that contained pornographic stories and began browsing
the categories.  As usual, the bondage stories were the ones that caught her attention and she began reading some.

She read four of them before realising how long she had been reading them.  She could sense signs of her own arousal; the usual wet feeling inside her knickers, the hardness
of her nipples.  Amanda checked her watch - half past ten.  Around the right time for heading to bed a little early with some fun in mind, she decided.
The pace of her heart quickened as she turned off the computer and then knelt on the floor and reached under her bed for the innocuous wooden box
that lay beneath.  She hoisted it onto the bed, and sat beside it.

Amanda opened the top and stared at the contents.  She felt like a carpenter gazing on his saws and chisels.  Or perhaps a painter looking at his selection
of colours, she decided.  She began picking out the appropriate components and arraying them along the table beside her bed.  A blindfold, two ear-plugs,
a rubber ball-gag, two nipple clamps, a tube of lubricant, two leather ankle cuffs and two leather wrist cuffs, a small butt-plug, a roll of sticky tape 
and finally a 'rabbit' vibrator.  She closed the lid on the box, and got up to slide it back under the bed.

Amanda turned on the light beside her bed, then turned off the overhead light using the switch by the door.  Standing by the door, she quickly removed all
her clothes.  Naked, she padded through the dark flat to the bathroom.  There was an enjoyable abandonment about walking through the flat naked - something she
would never do in front of anyone else, even her flat-mate Joanna.  However, Joanna would be out for another few hours at least.  She left the light off
in the bathroom to avoid catching sight of herself in the mirror.  When she was done, she returned to her room.

The large girl lay down on the bed and turned off the light beside her.  The room had enough light from the streetlights outside to allow Amanda to see
the outlines of the furniture in the room, and she could hear the passing traffic.  One of the problems of living in London was that you were never far from
traffic, and the hustle and bustle of the city.  Amanda felt for the ear plugs and picked them up.  She rolled a foam plug between the thumb and forefinger
of each hand in a practised manner before pushing them firmly into her ears.  She listened to the familiar soft popping sounds as the plugs expanded again
to fill her ears, and then she heard nothing.  She picked up the sleeping-mask blindfold from the table and pulled it over her head.  Everything was quiet,
and everything was dark.  In her own solitary world now, Amanda's heart began beating faster with anticipation.  No matter how many times she did this,
it seemed to retain an inexplicable excitement and danger for her.

Forced to operate solely by touch, she felt along the table for the ball-gag.  Opening her mouth wide, she pushed the ball between her teeth and then 
fastened the leather strap behind her head.  She put her left hand to her breast and felt for her nipple.  It was already hard.  She found the nipple 
clamps with her right hand and clipped one on.  She would have yelped if her gag had not transformed it into a grunt.  She clipped the other clamp onto
her right nipple.

She lifted her legs up and high over her head, which naturally raised her bottom from the bed.  She took hold of the lubricant and carefully squeezed 
some onto her fingers, trying not to spill any.  As far as she could feel she had not, but it would not be the first time if she later rolled onto a
sticky patch on the bed.  She felt between her sizable buttocks for her hole and smeared the cold jelly all over it.  While using her left arm to 
help keep her legs in the air, she reached for the table with her sticky fingers and found the upright plug that she was searching for.  She picked it 
up and oriented its pointed end towards her bottom.  She jabbed around in the dark, trying to find her opening again.  She suddenly felt it push 
against the hard muscle that formed her hole, and she manoeuvred it gently across into the centre.  Due to its small size it slipped in relatively 
easily.  Amanda pushed firmly against the base to ensure that it was all the way in.

She pushed herself up into a sitting position and felt for the box of tissues that permanently resided on the table.  She wiped her sticky fingers 
and then shifted slightly, subconsciously, only noticing when she felt the slight movement of the plug inside her.  She delighted in the bizarre 
mixture of discomfort and pleasure that the anal toy provided.  She felt for the ankle-cuffs - or were they the wrist-cuffs, very little difference, so 
hard to tell while blind.  She slowly buckled a cuff of some variety onto each of her ankles and wrists.  Deafened by the ear-plugs, she was unable to 
hear the metallic jangling of the attached clips as she continued her preparations by shuffling down the bed.

Amanda felt for the metal bedpost that stood at the corner of the frame.  Resting at the bottom of it, around the post next to the mattress, was a 
metal ring.  She lifted it up and clipped her ankle-cuff to the ring.  During the day the rings looked decorative, or just useless, but now at night
she was able to use them for the real reason that she had attached them.  Once she had attached both ankles to the corners of the bed, she was able to 
lie back.  Almost finished now.  She picked up the last toy from the table: the vibrator.

She guided the head of the dildo portion of the vibrator between her thighs and pushed it through the mat of hair that protected her slit.  She was 
wet, but not as wet as she would ideally be.  Which, perversely, was just how Amanda liked it.  She liked having to go slow, the greater sensation of
the dry plastic rod sliding into her moist vagina, slowly to avoid the pain.  In the dark, she slowly penetrated herself.

When the vibrator would go in no further, she held it in place with her left hand while she scrabbled for the tape with her right.  This was the 
trickiest part.  She began winding the tape around her large thighs and the end of the vibrator, trying to create a sticky web that would hold the sex 
toy in place unaided.  The difficulty was increased by trying not to snare any of her pubic hair - a type of pain that Amanda did not enjoy.  When she 
was confident that the vibrator would not move, she pressed the buttons that would turn on the spinning beads in the shaft and the buzzing vibrator 
that nestled against her clitoris.  She pulled the quilt over herself to keep warm, and then reached both hands towards the left bedpost behind her 
head.  She clumsily clipped her wrist-cuff to the post and then with her final free limb she reached over to the right-hand bed-post and grasped it 
tightly in her hand, pretending to herself that she had clipped that wrist-cuff to the bed-post too.

She let her thoughts wander, over boyfriends past and future, as she lay there.  She imagined one of them doing to her what she had done to herself; 
attaching and inserting toys on all her erogenous zones, tying her to the bed and leaving her there, by herself, pleasured by her devices.  She felt 
the quilt sliding slightly then, pulled to one side by its own weight.  She twisted subtly, trying to shift it back but it only made matters worse and 
it tumbled from the bed to the floor.  Amanda resisted temptation, and gripped the bedpost tighter with her right hand.  She would not be freed until 
she had come; the cold night air would simply form part of her ordeal.  She settled herself and concentrated on the wonderful sensations that the vibrator was giving her.





A Tale of Two Women: Part Two

By Some Writer


Joanna closed the flat door behind her as quietly as she could.  The evening had been a wash-out; one of her friends had fallen over and had to go to 
casualty, so after the pub they had all decided to head home.  Joanna decided to see if Amanda was awake.  She called her flat-mate's name softly 
outside her door, but heard nothing.  A little intoxicated, Joanna did not politely retreat but instead pushed the door slightly open.  The room was 
dark, but she could hear Amanda murmuring something in her sleep, and another strange noise.  Joanna walked into the room, swaying slightly in the 
dark, and turned on the weak light that she knew was on the table beside Amanda's bed.

Joanna gasped as she surveyed the scene.  Amanda's face was obscured by the sleeping mask that she wore, and her mouth deformed by the rubber ball 
wedged inside it, which attached to protruding leather straps that encircled her head.  Her breasts, even when she lay on her back, were like rolling 
hills, huge mounds that were topped by small metal clips on the nipples.  They were not as large as her voluminous stomach that dominated her body.  
Her pubic mound was almost entirely obscured by the wealth of hair that covered it, but ploughing a furrow 
through the brown field was a red vibrator, that was being held in place by a mess of tape that criss-crossed between her huge thighs.  On her ankles 
and wrists were leather cuffs that were tied to the bedposts.

Joanna stood in shock.  Dimly she realised that Amanda's murmurings were not a product of sleep, but of the pleasure caused by the device between her 
thighs.  She slowly, sensually squirmed under its influence, her curvaceous body rolling slightly as she groaned beneath her gag.  It began to dawn on 
Joanna that, for reasons she could not begin to explain, this was one of the sexiest things she had ever seen.  The girl, with a large, very womanly, 
curvaceous voluptuous body slowly being pleasured as she strained at her restraints.

Joanna knew instinctively that there was no man who had been in the flat and done this - this was clearly of Amanda's own doing, for her own ends; 
self-imposed bondage.  
Hurriedly, the short blonde switched off the light and silently retreated from the room, hoping that Amanda had not seen the light through her 
blindfold.  Joanna tiptoed to her room, afraid to leave it again in case Amanda would realise that she was home; clearly the tied-up girl had not 
expected Joanna home so soon, and Joanna did not want to have to face the embarrassment of admitting that she had seen Amanda, especially when she 
should not even have entered the room.  Instead, Joanna stripped off and went to bed.

As Joanna lay in the darkness, she slipped her hand down to her pussy, and found that it was already wet.  She masturbated, thinking of her 
usually dowdy, maternal flat-mate and her secret sexual exploits.

* * *

For the next week, Joanna found that her thoughts were occupied by the image of Amanda, tied up in her bed, abasing herself.  Joanna wondered what it 
must feel like, how much more enjoyable it was than 'normal' masturbation that Joanna had always engaged in.  Joanna spotted her opportunity to find 
out when Amanda announced that she would be attending a work party for the evening.

Joanna waited half an hour after Amanda left the house, in eager anticipation, to be sure that she would not return.  Then Joanna went into Amanda's 
room and began hunting for Amanda's toys, not wanting to commit Amanda's mistake of waiting too long and allowing someone to find her.  Joanna quickly 
found the wooden box of toys under Amanda's bed, and she dragged it down the hall to her own room.  She eagerly opened the lid and began rifling 
through to find suitable items.

She tested the nipple clamps on her fingers and decided they were too painful.  She found some toys that she realised, after a while of staring at 
them, were anal toys.  She hurriedly dropped them in disgust, wondering if Amanda had been using one of those the previous week as well as the toys 
that Joanna did see.  She decided against the ear-plugs - not wanting to taken by surprise if Amanda did return home - and the vibrators, for she had 
her own collection of those.  In the end, Joanna only took out the ankle and wrist cuffs, the blindfold, the ball-gag and the tape.

Joanna stripped off.  She was short - at five feet, she was almost a foot shorter than Amanda.  Her body was almost perfectly proportioned; her 
breasts were full but not too large, with perky nipples on the end that were closer in tone to light brown than pink.  Her stomach was almost flat, 
but with curves in the right places that stopped it being shapeless.  Her legs were round and her thighs were not too thin, but they did not look 
large.  She did not like body hair on women or on men, and accordingly her legs, armpits and even her groin were always carefully maintained with no 
hint of hair.
Despite being closer to thirty than twenty, Joanna considered her body to look like that of an eighteen year-old.  Her slightly dark blonde hair was 
shoulder-length and completely straight. Her face was slightly angular, more featured than some women's soft round faces, but it was in a strikingly 
attractive fashion.

Once she was naked, Joanna put on her only garments needed for her plan - the wrist and ankle cuffs.  It was then that Joanna realised that she could 
not clip the cuffs onto her own bed, as she lacked anything thin enough like Amanda's rings.  Not wanting to be deterred, she decided to take 
everything she needed down to Amanda's room.  Feeling very stupid, she almost ran down the hallway, wearing only the leather circlets above her hands 
and feet.  Amanda's bed was neatly made, and Joanna felt a pang of guilt as she cast aside the quilt.  She eagerly clipped her legs to the bottom 
corner of the beds.  Due to her legs being shorter than Amanda's, it was actually slightly uncomfortable to spread her legs so wide but Joanna saw no 
way around that; she would not be here for too long anyway, only long enough to come.

Sitting up, Joanna laid the simple 'stick' vibrator down the length of her slit, and used horizontal strips of tape across her labia to seal the 
vibrator in place.  She opened her mouth and inserted the rubber-ball that formed part of the gag, so that it sat between her teeth.  She hastily 
fastened the straps behind her head, almost a blur of motion now.  She pulled the quilt over herself and pulled the blindfold down over her eyes, 
blocking out the harsh overhead light.  She reached her arms out to the corners of the bed simultaneously, and struggled for a while to clip each hand 
in on its own.  How had Amanda managed it, she wondered to herself.

That was no concern now; she was tied up, snug in someone else's bed, a vibrator buzzing away merrily on her sex organs.  She tried to let her mind 
drift, to find an appropriate fantasy that would complement her endeavours.  She wondered what the men she picked up from nightclubs would think of 
her if they saw her now, helpless.  No, not helpless, Joanna had done this herself.  Maybe empowered in her experimentation.  No - stupid, more 
likely.  This wasn't helping - Joanna tried to shift her thoughts elsewhere, but found it hard.  She began to wonder why Amanda, who she knew had much 
less experience than herself, would dare to do something so exotic as this, and yet Joanna, who had bedded more men that she cared to count, would 
only do it to imitate her friend.  Surely it should be the other way round - Amanda should be trying to follow in Joanna's footsteps, trying to sleep 
with all those men.

All those men, and their muscled bare chests, their eager hard pricks, their athletic bodies ready to fuck as long as Joanna needed.  That was where 
the true pleasure lay.  She imagined them lining up to fuck her as she lay tied to the bed, unable to do anything but receive man after man.  Amanda 
standing by the bed, charging admission and weeding out the unsuitable ones, Amanda who was so beautiful without her clothes, silently masturbating in 
her own bonds.

Orgasm hit Joanna like a bolt of lightning, sudden and unexpected, the mighty thunderous sensations only following afterwards, not before.  That 
was amazing, but now becoming not so good, slightly painful.  Need to turn off the vibrator, Joanna thought.  Quickly.  She began trying to unclip 
herself from the bed, 
but discovered that she could not manoeuvre her hands within the cuffs enough to do so.  Urgency started to become panic as she realised that she was 
trapped, and the panic was heightened by the painful sensations between her legs as the vibrator continued to shake against her sensitive clitoris.

Joanna began tossing and turning, thrashing her body from side to side.  She felt the quilt being hurled from the bed, and then luckily, somehow, she 
managed to dislodge the tape on one side of her labia.  The vibrator was thrown free, and it banged harmlessly against her other thigh, hanging on by 
the tape on that side.

Calmer now, she returned to trying to free her hands.  Time and time again she felt that was she near to success, only to fail frustratedly.  She 
tried pulling at her restraints but brute force did not seem to achieve anything.  Exhausted, Joanna was forced to merely lie in the dark, wondering 
how long it would be before Amanda might return home, and effect Joanna's rescue.  Her jaw was tiring from the ball-gag, but fortunately she had tied 
the straps loose enough that she could eject the ball, and it fell to lie around her neck, like an obscenely large necklace.

She waited.





A Tale of Two Women: Part Three

By Some Writer


The door of the flat slammed shut, and Joanna awoke with a start.  Amanda was home - thank goodness.  But what would she think when she found Joanna 
like this?  Joanna had stolen her friend's most private possessions, stolen her bed, and made a complete fool of herself.  She wished for the ground 
to swallow her up, but the inevitably of her fate was evident in the pounding footsteps in the hallway outside, and the slight creak of the door as it 
was pushed open.

Amanda was stunned at what she found in her room.  Her flatmate, short, blonde, pretty Joanna was naked on Amanda's bed, tied hands and feet to its 
frame.  She wore a blindfold - Amanda's blindfold, a ball-gag was hanging loose around her neck, and by the side of her pussy - her shaven pussy, the 
harlot Amanda thought to herself - was a vibrator.

"What the hell are you doing?" Amanda asked in utter disbelief. 

"I'm so sorry, I've been so stupid, I'm an idiot, I'm terrible," Joanna babbled, unable to see the victim of her trespass.  "I found your things, and 
I wanted to try them, and then I did it all wrong and I trapped myself."

"Shhh," Amanda said soothingly, her anger unexpectedly replaced by concern, as she approached the bed and sat beside Joanna.  She gently raised the 
prone girl's blindfold.  Joanna immediately clamped her eyes closed as the light flooded in.  Amanda got up and switched off the overhead light.  She 
navigated easily across the dark room and turned on the weak bedside light.  She began freeing Joanna's hands as the blonde girl began slowly opening her eyes.

"So what possessed you to tie yourself up when you couldn't get free?" Amanda asked, confused.

"I don't know, I thought - I didn't think," Joanna stopped short of saying that she presumed Amanda had had a way of freeing herself - there was no 
reason to embarrass her friend by revealing what had transpired a week earlier, not to mention that Joanna had no desire to further indict herself.  
Her hands freed, Joanna sat up.  "It was lucky you were coming home tonight, otherwise this could have become quite dangerous.  I could have been 
trapped."  Suddenly the seriousness of it all dawned on Joanna, and she began shaking.

"It's ok now," Amanda said reassuringly to the trembling girl.  She instinctively reached out and hugged the smaller girl.  Joanna wordlessly accepted 
the embrace, and returned it with conviction.  "Quite bizarre, huh?" Amanda said, trying to break the awkwardness of hugging her naked, still 
half-bound, flatmate.

"Yeah," Joanna said weakly, and she ripped off the vibrator - that must have run out of batteries at some point during her slumber - and freed her 
legs.  "I'm so sorry Amanda, I should never have snuck into your room, and I should have never have used your bed like this."

"That's ok, no harm's been done.  Although, next time I suggest that you leave a hand free!"

"Is that what you do?" Joanna asked, before she realised what she was saying.  Amanda half-smiled, presuming Joanna to have made a lucky guess at her 
use of the toys.

"Yes.  I just imagine that I've tied that hand but I leave it free."

"Doesn't that - well - remove part of the fun?  Knowing you can get free, I mean."

"Yeah, it does a bit.  But then, without a man around to help me out, I don't have much choice."

"Maybe you need a bondage buddy or something," Joanna said, forcing a laugh, trying to lighten the mood, "or like a doubling agreement."

"A doubling agreement?"

"Sorry, that's what me and the girls call it.  Basically, if you're out with one other girl, you don't leave with a guy unless she is also ready to 
leave with a guy.  Either you both get lucky, or neither of you do."

"So how does that relate to...?" Amanda's voice trailed off, puzzled.

"You'd tie yourself up with someone else, so that you could only get free if you worked together.  Then, you'd agree that you'd only free the other 
person once they'd come.  So you wouldn't control when you get free, as you'd know that the other person wouldn't let you out until the right time."

"And you'd do that with me?" Amanda asked.  Joanna paused.  She had been so eager to talk to avoid the awkwardness, she had gotten ahead of herself.  
She had no particular interest in actually doing what she'd just suggested, but there was a hopeful look in Amanda's eye that combined with Joanna's 
guilt in an irresistible way.

"Yeah, sure," Joanna answered, giving in.  "Why not give it a try once?"  Amanda beamed - she would finally be truly bound.

* * *

"Are you free this evening Joanna?" Amanda asked, trying to be nonchalant.

"Yeah, I'm in this evening.  Why's that?"

"I thought maybe, we could try that thing you suggested, a few days ago.  Maybe - you don't have to though."

"Erm, yeah, ok, I don't see why not."  Joanna was reluctant to follow through on her suggestion, which now seemed rather weird, but Amanda was clearly 
keen, and Joanna liked to see her with a smile on her face.

"I've got some ideas on how we might do it - if you come to my room I'll show you."

Amanda's first suggestion was for the two of them to be tied in the usual spread-eagle position, side-by-side so that their hands were close enough to 
free each other.  "Why not something more... adventurous?" Joanna suggested, to her own surprise as much as Amanda's.  If you're going to try this, 
Joanna thought to herself, rationalising her outburst, you may as well go all the way.  After a few more of Amanda's suggestions for them being closer 
together - most of which Joanna decided would make her look stupid, dwarfed by her larger companion - Joanna made her own suggestion.

"It looks like one of the hardest things for you is keeping that vibrator in.  So why not have me where I can use my leg to hold it in place?"

"Ok, I get what you mean, let's give it a go."  The girls stood awkwardly for a moment in the poor light of Amanda's bedside light, and then began to 
both undress.  Amanda felt self-conscious about her own body, and found that she was staring at Joanna's in order to take her mind off it.  She did 
not like the look of the shorter girl's hairless pussy that seemed designed to make her look younger than she was - like a teenage girl.  Joanna tried 
not to stare at Amanda's body, which was much less attractive than she remembered it - perhaps she looked better lying down, or perhaps Joanna's 
fantasies had enhanced the image in her mind.  Amanda put a cuff on her right ankle, and another cuff on her left wrist.  
Joanna put the other two cuffs on her left ankle and right wrist.  Because Amanda only had enough for one person, the girls were having to improvise.

Next came the preparation of the vibrators.  Both girls focused intently on sorting themselves out, both secretly fascinated by what the other was 
doing, but not wanting to risk looking in case their inquisitive gaze was noticed.  Once Joanna had taped her vibrator into position, she climbed onto 
the bed, where Amanda was holding her own vibrator in place with her hand, her left leg bent at the knee while her right leg was flat against the bed 
and tied to a bar at the bottom of the bed.

Joanna straddled Amanda's left leg and placed her own right leg where it would brace Amanda's vibrator.  She reached awkwardly behind her to clip her 
left leg to the same place as Amanda's right.  Amanda deftly fastened Joanna's right wrist-cuff to the ball-gag and then put it on.  Joanna reached to 
turn out the light, and then in the dark put on her blindfold and fumbled with Amanda to join Joanna's left wrist to Amanda's right using some 
handcuffs.  Finally, Amanda slipped on her own blindfold and reached out her left hand to the far corner of the bed where she clipped herself in 
place.

Their complicated actions left them thus: Amanda was lying on the bed, on her back.  Her left wrist was tied to the far left corner of the bed, while 
her right wrist was by her side, handcuffed to Joanna.  Her left leg was tied to the bottom of the bed, but her right was free and bent.  Joanna was 
on top of the larger girl, facing downwards.  Her right cuff was strangely bound to the ball-gag in Amanda's mouth, causing her right arm to be 
stretched far out in front of her.  Her left wrist was to her side, handcuffed to Amanda's right.  Her crotch was astride Amanda's thigh, at the crux 
where Amanda's thigh met her body.  Joanna's right leg was free, but pushed firmly up against the end of the vibrator that protruded from Amanda's 
vagina.  Finally, Joanna's left leg was bound to Amanda's right, the leg she was straddling.

Amanda lay back, silently thrilled.  She was finally tied helpless, nothing left to the imagination.  Her left wrist was bound to the bed, her right 
pinned down by Joanna's wrist.  Her favourite vibrator was inside her, just as it was designed, squirming and vibrating.  It was an odd feeling to 
have Joanna perched on top of her leg.  Amanda began to imagine that some unseen male tormentor had arranged them like this, forcing them to be bound 
together while he watched on, masturbating at the sight of Amanda, not Joanna.

Joanna was finding the situation unerotic and strange.  Amanda had taken the blindfold, gag and ear-plugs to complete her experience, leaving Joanna 
only with a spare blindfold.  Somehow, the world seemed quieter because she could hear nothing than if she had been unable to hear anything.  The 
vibrations were pleasant enough, in the same way that a massage might be, but it did not feel sexual.  The feel of Amanda's slightly clammy leg 
beneath her body did not help at all, and the feeling of helplessness did not seem to aid Joanna's arousal either.

Amanda began moaning softly beneath her gag, and began slowly writhing around, instinctively moving her legs around as she enjoyed the sensations in 
her cunt.  Joanna heard the moaning, and felt Amanda's leg moving beneath her, pressing the vibrator further against Joanna's crotch.  Caught by 
surprise by the intensifying of the shaking in her crotch, Joanna almost lost her balance and she automatically pushed her free right leg forwards to 
correct her posture, pushing the rabbit vibrator deeper into Amanda.

Amanda grunted loudly, in surprise and pleasure as the vibrator was driven deep inside her.  Believing it to be in return for her own leg movements, 
Amanda pulled her leg closer to her, trying to return the favour for Joanna, pushing against the vibrator trapped between Joanna's labia.  Joanna 
over-balanced again and this time she fell forwards onto Amanda's cushioned body.  Encouraged by the aural feedback from Amanda, Joanna tried to push 
the vibrator deeper inside the larger girl, trying to make her moan and groan.  It worked, and in return Amanda pushed her own thigh into Joanna, the 
two girls now each using their thighs to try and fuck the other in a feral improvised fashion.

Joanna was jerked forwards again, and she felt something hard brush over her lips.  She realised that it was Amanda's nipple, and as a tease she 
quickly poked at it with her tongue.  Amanda moaned, and Joanna did it again, and again.  Joanna began sucking and biting on Amanda's teat as the two 
girls continue to piston their thighs, as if pawing at each other with their legs.  Amanda began grunting and groaning, and Joanna began crying out 
encouragement, unheard by Amanda.

By their sides, where their wrists were joined by handcuffs, Amanda's fingers curled up and between Joanna's.  The two girls' hands interlocked just 
as their bodies were doing as they drove each other to orgasm, both crying out loudly as their climaxes hit almost simultaneously, neither letting up 
the thrusting motions of their thighs.

When they had caught their breath, the girls fumbled to free each other from the handcuffs and then set about releasing themselves.  Neither said 
anything until they were totally free and Amanda had switched the light on.

"That was fun," Amanda offered.

"Yeah, it was.  I guess I'll see you in the morning?"

"Yeah, ok."

With that, Joanna left the room and hurried to her own.

* * *

"How would you like to come out with me tonight?  Just us two.  I figure we should find ourselves some men for a change.  Think of it as experiencing 
my world," Joanna explained.  Amanda was not sure that it was something she wanted to experience, but she stopped herself saying no automatically.  Do 
something different for a change, she admonished herself.  Take a risk!

"Ok then, let's do it.  A doubling agreement night out thing."

"Cool," Joanna said, and smiled.

So it was, later that night, that Amanda and Joanna met up with two men in a nightclub.  The slightly more attractive, but over-talkative one, Matt, 
seemed happy dancing obscenely close to Joanna, while his quiet friend Tom seemed friendly enough, and happy to sit with Amanda on the sidelines.  
Joanna suggested that they all take a taxi back to the girls' flat and no-one disagreed.

When they arrived at the flat, Joanna quickly disappeared into her bedroom with her newfound prize.  Not used to these situations, Amanda walked 
silently towards her room, with her allotted companion Tom following.  Amanda sat on her bed and turned on the bedside light, deciding that the lower 
light was more romantic.  She sat waiting, presuming that Tom would undress her.  Instead, he very quickly took off all his own clothes and threw them 
in a bundle by the floor.  Amanda couldn't help but look at his dick, and she suddenly realised quite long it was since she had actually seen a penis.

"So, do you do anal?" Tom asked straightforwardly.

"I beg your pardon?"

"Do you do anal sex?" Tom repeated, as if Amanda had simply failed to hear him.

"It's only our first night," Amanda pointed out, surprised.  "Why would you even ask that on the first night?" she continued, in disbelief.

"I figured, you know, a woman like you, that you'd offer something special.  So what is it instead - deep-throating maybe?"

"What do you mean, a woman like me?"

"A woman of your size.  I mean, if I'd wanted plain sex I would have picked someone else, more attractive, but I thought that you'd probably be up for 
something a bit dirtier than that.  I mean, that's how you get guys, right?"

"I think that you should leave," Amanda said, trembling with anger.  "Right now."

"Fine then," Tom said indignantly.  He scooped up his clothes and walked out of the door.

In the adjacent room, Matt and Joanna were naked in bed together.  She had her hand on his prick, stroking it, while he was enjoying caressing her 
hairless pubic mound.  Suddenly there was a knock on the door.  Joanna instinctively pulled the quilt over her body, expecting Amanda.  Instead, Tom 
pushed his head around the door.

"No-go with her mate," Tom explained curtly, "I think I'll be off - unless you wanted to double up?"

"I think we could," Matt said, talking to Tom.  He turned to Joanna and said: "How about it?  You go on your knees, and you can suck Tom off while I 
fuck you from behind?", as if it was the most natural, easy, solution to the problem.

"What do you think I am, a blow-up doll to be arranged how you like?" Joanna asked incredulously.  "Get out, get out of my bed, and get out of my 
flat!"

"You serious?" Matt asked.

"Yes!" Joanna said, almost shouting.

"Bitch," Matt said as he got up from the bed and picked up his clothes, redressing quickly even as he moved towards the bedroom door.  "Pricktease!" 
he called over his shoulder as he left.  Joanna heard the flat door slam shut, and then Amanda appeared in the doorway.

"Oh my - are you ok?" Joanna asked sincerely as she spotted the tears that were rolling down Amanda's cheeks.  Amanda came into the room and sat on 
the bed.  Joanna sat up and hugged her, and they sat for a long time, embracing, as Amanda's body heaved with her sobs.

"My world is a bit shit isn't it?" Joanna said when Amanda had calmed slightly.

"I'm afraid so," Amanda admitted, tears still rolling down her cheeks. 

"No more of that I think, from now on we should just stick together eh?  Just us."





A Tale of Two Women: Part Four

By Some Writer


Amanda sat watching the TV with Joanna in the early evening.  Amanda's Internet order had arrived this morning.  She had not told Joanna that she had 
even placed it, and she wasn't sure if the shorter girl was actually interested any more.  She sat for a few minutes, trying to think how to bring it 
up.

"I got some new toys today," she eventually blurted out.

"Oh?" Joanna said, focused on the TV.

"I'll show you when this soap has finished."

"So what was it you wanted to show me?" Joanna asked when the credits rolled up the screen a few minutes later.

"I have some new toys.  I mean - that we could both use."

"Oh right."  Joanna's voice was flat.

"I mean, if you'd wanted to?"

"Erm, well, hmmm."

"How about you tell me what bits you enjoyed before, and we can try to work from there?" Amanda suggested, becoming exasperated at trying to 
figure out what Joanna wanted.

"Ok."  Joanna sat, thinking about what she had enjoyed.  For some reason, the highlights were not her own two orgasms in bondage but involved Amanda 
instead.  And now Amanda would do whatever Joanna asked, just like all the men that lusted after Joanna.  "You know what - I want you to choose.  You 
decide exactly what you want, and tell me what to do.  Consider me yours to do what you want with - well, within reason."

"In that case, strip naked."  Joanna paused for a moment to check that Amanda was not joking, and then began removing her clothes and putting them in 
a neat pile on the sofa.

"You know, I've stripped for men so many times - for so many men, but this may be the first time I've ever stripped because a woman told me to."

"I think I'd just like to be told to strip by a man," Amanda admitted.  "I always get the feeling that they're happy enough to have sex with me, but 
they're not at all fussed about seeing me naked."

"Why not?  You look beautiful naked."

"You're just saying that," Amanda replied dismissively.

"No, I'm not.  I'm really not."  With that Joanna walked across the room and leaned over Amanda.  The short blonde tugged at the bottom of the tall 
brunette's baggy jumper and then lifted it up.  Amanda obligingly raised her hands in the air and Joanna lifted the jumper clear.  Amanda leaned 
forward as Joanna reached around the larger girl's torso to unclasp her bra, causing Amanda's breasts to spring free and wobble gently.  Joanna pulled 
the bra from Amanda's arms and then unbuttoned and unzipped Amanda's jeans.  Amanda lifted up her pelvis to allow Joanna to pull off the jeans and 
knickers in one go.  Joanna tenderly pulled them down the rest of the way, removing Amanda's socks as well, to leave both girls totally naked.

Joanna knelt on the chair, straddling Amanda's smooth naked thighs.  Joanna removed the sitting girl's glasses, placing them on the table, and 
then cupped Amanda's face in her hand, gently pushing her fingers into the brown hair.  "See, naked and beautiful, just like I said."  Impulsively, 
Joanna lent forward and kissed Amanda briefly on the lips.

"Kiss me like you would your boyfriend," Amanda asked softly, "like you were my boyfriend."  Joanna lent forwards again, and both girls closed their 
eyes as their lips met.  They kissed tenderly, for longer than either of them had expected.  "Let's go to my room," Amanda announced loudly when they 
finally finished.  The two naked girls walked together to Amanda's room.

"I have new cuffs," Amanda said, smiling as she picked up four of them and threw them to Joanna.  The two girls both quickly put on their cuffs.

"This could be a new fashion you know - naked except for four leather cuffs," Joanna observed.

"Ok, first: the optional extras.  Blindfold of course, gag, ear-plugs."

"I'd prefer not to have ear-plugs."

"Too much?"

"Yeah, I don't like the idea of not being able to hear anything.  I think I'd feel claustrophobic - a bit scre.  Besides, we can hear what's going on 
- why don't you try not using them for a change?"

"Ok.  Yeah, why not.  Different is good.  Now, which anal plug would you like?" Amanda asked, holding up a selection.

"None for me."

"Well, I'm in charge and I think you should have one," Amanda said bossily.

"No, I don't like the idea," Joanna said firmly.

"The idea - have you never had your ass played with before?"

"No, I haven't," Joanna said indignantly, "why did you assume that I had?"

"I don't know, I just thought, all those guys, one of them would have persuaded you."

"No.  I'm not a complete slut who will just do anything you know!"

"Sorry, I didn't mean to suggest that.  Sorry."

"That's ok, I shouldn't have snapped.  Don't worry about it, let's move on."

Amanda spoke out loud as she collected up the items she needed: "Ok.  My plan involves string, a vibrator, and this!"  With that, she produced from 
the box a large blue double-ended dildo, that flexed under its own weight as she picked it up, making it look like a writhing eel.

"Wow!" was all Joanna could manage.  "Are you - are we going to use that for what I think we are?"

"Yep," Amanda said with a smile, enjoying the look of shock on Joanna's face.  "Now, get on the bed with me, sit opposite me so that your feet meet 
mine."  Joanna did as instructed, and waited while Amanda did something complicated that seemed to involve tying their four ankle cuffs together with 
string, and attached the vibrator on a much longer piece of string.

"So what's the plan?" Joanna asked.

"You'll find out as we go along.  Stick out your arms together in front of you."  Joanna did so, and Amanda began tying more string.  Unlike their 
ankles, where she had bound all four together, she bound her own left wrist to Joanna's right, and vice versa, leaving the two girls tied to each 
other symmetrically, as if a mirror was between them as they sat facing each other.  "When we're all in position, we'll clip our hands to the bars in 
the middle of the top and bottom of the bed, ok?"  The girls were already sat sideways on the bed.  Joanna doubted that her own hands would reach, but 
their hands were tied far enough apart that only Amanda had to reach both, but Joanna would still be able to free her friend.

"So here's what we need to do to finish off.  We'll put on our blindfolds and gags, then both put our legs in the air and use our hands to help put 
the dildo in.  Once that's all done, we clip our hands to the sides.  Got it?"

"Yep."  Joanna shuffled forwards so that her arms could reach Amanda's face, to allow her to put on her own gag and blindfold.  Then Amanda returned 
the favour, letting her own arms be stretched out towards Joanna's head.  Both totally blind, the girls slowly lent backwards and then awkwardly began 
raising their legs into the air.  Although neither of them could see it, Joanna's legs were much shorter than Amanda's, but she had accounted for that 
in the bondage.  Joanna grasped Amanda's wrists and pushed herself away from the larger girl, until their pelvises were as far apart as their bound 
hands would allow.

Amanda picked up the dildo that had rolled against her side, and leaned forward in order to gain enough reach to put it between her body and Joanna's.  
Each girl took their own end and pressed it against their vaginal entrances.  They grunted as the dildo penetrated them, and they pushed enough of the 
dong into themselves that the remaining portion was taught - a further eight inches.

The girls grasped each others wrists and used it as leverage to pull themselves closer.  Joanna groaned loudly as the dildo slid further inside her 
and then even louder as she felt it reach the end of her vagina and bang against her cervix.  But still Amanda kept pulling.  Joanna realised that a 
lot of the dildo had gone inside herself, but not much must have been pushed into Amanda, since their thighs were not yet touching much.  Joanna 
wondered if she was wetter, or if her vagina was not as tight as Amanda.  Had the toll all the many men she had taken inside her finally caught up 
with her - was it responsible for the pain she felt as Amanda effectively used Joanna's cervix to push the dildo into the larger girl's vagina.  The 
girls became closer and closer until their thighs were pressed firmly against each other.

Joanna felt something bang against her labia, and she winced.  Amanda moved their hands towards the thing and Joanna realised that it was the 
vibrator, hanging down from their ankles way up in the air.  Amanda turned on the vibrator and then moved her hands far outwards, pulling Joanna's 
towards them until they reached the top and bottom of the bed, where she clipped on her hands.  It was more of a stretch than Amanda had intended, and 
both girls had to bend their backs upwards in order to make everything reach. 

Joanna felt the vibrator lying against the inside of her thigh, and she rolled slightly to try and move the vibrator over.  It worked, and the 
vibrator fell between her labia, which were held far apart by the dildo protruding from her vagina.  She enjoyed a few seconds of vibrations before 
she felt her legs being swayed slightly away from her, and the vibrator moved with them, onto Amanda's side.  Suddenly, Joanna understood the game.
She tugged at her legs and then squirmed to guide the vibrator into the right place.

Amanda tugged again, and Joanna felt the other girl's body tilting sideways to move the vibrator.  The two girls began furiously tussling to try to 
win the vibrator, both driven by 
the fun of the game as much as the reward of pleasure, which was usually short-lived anyway.  The game ended abruptly however when the string binding 
their ankles finally gave way, and Joanna found that her legs were free.  A quick few movements revealed that the vibrator was still bound to Amanda's 
leg, not her own.  Both girls grunted in annoyance, fearful that they would lose control of the vibrator's movements and be forced to abandon their 
scenario.

Joanna realised a possible solution to the problem, and pushed her legs between Amanda's - which were now bent, due to the strain of keeping them up - 
and downwards until her feet were on the bed, astride Amanda's abdomen.  She took hold of Amanda's forearms and with a huge, inefficient, effort she 
pulled her body from the bed.  Amanda began to understand, and moved her leg until she managed to position the vibrator lengthwise in her splayed 
cunt.  Joanna, now kneeling astride Amanda, bending the dildo that joined them back on itself, pushed her own pussy downwards to trap the vibrator 
inside the two sets of labia, now buzzing against both their clitorises.

Amanda lowered her legs to the bed, thankful for the rest.  She tried to roll her pelvis slightly, to better push against the vibrator.  Joanna pushed 
back, the two girls thrusting and grinding their crotches together, both enjoying themselves, rubbing against the shared sex toy.  As the feelings 
became more intense, Amanda pushed her legs upwards and wrapped them around the smaller girl on top of her, pulling her downwards.  Joanna's body was 
pulled down until it was horizontal, and her head was between Amanda's huge breasts.  The two girls continued grinding against each other until they 
came and lay panting, sweaty and depleted.

They struggled to free each other, and then Amanda dealt with the unpleasant matter of the dildo, each end covered in a different girl's secretions.  
Joanna left for the bathroom while Amanda began clearing up after their successful session.





A Tale of Two Women: Part Five

By Some Writer


Neither girl mentioned their session for a long while after that.  Both girls had their period for the following week, and it was not until a few days after 
that, when they were having a girl's night in, that the subject arose again.  The girls had been steadily making their way through a bottle of 
wine and were more than tipsy.

"We should do that thing again," Amanda said with a giggle.

"That thing?"

"Yeah that thing, you know, the tying up."

"I bet you've already got a plan haven't you, you little minx," Joanna said teasingly.

"Not really.  Although maybe we should try something different - no vibrators this time."

"But what would be the point?  How would we come?"

"Oh, I don't know - use our fingers or tongues on each other."

"Tongues?" Joanna asked disbelievingly.

"Just an idea," Amanda said, now slightly reticent.

"I think that would be too much of a challenge," Joanna said, thinking out loud.

"What's the matter pretty little princess, not up to it?  Too hardcore for you?" Amanda joked - a taunt fuelled by alcohol, 
foolishly verbalised.  She regretted it instantly.

"No!" Joanna huffed.  "I'm game if you are," she added, pouting.

"Sounds like we have a date then, tomorrow night."

"Fine."

The room was silent for a while, and then Amanda spoke to change the subject.  The girls continued the evening without giving much beyond the 
occasional thought to the silly agreement they had made.

* * *

The next evening, both girls were sat in the living room together again, an awkward silence between them.  Neither girl wanted to be the one to 
chicken out of their deal, but nor were they eager to get started.  It was Joanna, who knew she would look more like she was backing out than Amanda 
if they did not do it, because she had been challenged, who brought it up.

"So, shall we go to your room?" she said, and they both knew exactly what she was implying.

"Ok.  I think I figured out an easy way to do it."  The two girls traipsed into Amanda's room.  They stripped without saying anything, and then began 
putting on their cuffs sombrely.

"I presume we must be doing a 69 position - are we going on our sides, top and bottom...?" Joanna asked.

"I don't think I'd be able to keep my top leg up in the air for that long to avoid squashing you if we were on our sides," Amanda admitted.  "I think 
it has to be top and bottom."  It was obvious to both girls who would have to be on top and who would have to be underneath.

"Will that work ok?  I mean there's quite a difference in height between us, one of us might end up licking the other one's stomach," Joanna said, and 
Amanda laughed.

"It's not too much difference.  If I put some pillows beneath my head then that should work, I'll bend a bit and if you keep your body relatively 
straight, that should sort it out.  So, blindfolds?"

"If you don't want to look at my pussy, you can just close your eyes," Joanna said, faking annoyance.

"I didn't mean it like -"

"I know, I'm just kidding," Joanna said and they both smiled, becoming less tense.  "Let's just do this as simply as possible."

"Ok.  Basically, we just get on the bed, put all our hands and feet together, and I tie my hands to your feet, and your hands to my feet.  Then we get 
into position, and when it's all over, we just put them all together again to free ourselves."

"Cool, simple.  Let's do it."  The girls sat on the bed, and Joanna held out her arms and feet for Amanda to do the tying.  Then they began the 
awkward process of getting into position.  Joanna elevated herself, her hands and feet on the bed to support her, while Amanda shuffled around to the 
pillows, trying to keep her hands by her sides so that she did not overbalance Joanna who moved with her.

"Ok," Amanda said when she was ready and Joanna began slowly stepping her feet backwards towards Amanda's head, Amanda's hands dutifully following her 
steps.  When she had gone almost as far as her legs would reach, she dropped to her knees.  Amanda tugged the smaller girl's feet a little to pull her 
downwards slightly, and then they were in position.

Amanda stared at Joanna's pussy, hovering in front of her face.  Without any hair, it looked bald and exposed.  Almost featureless, it seemed like it 
was simply another part of Joanna's body, but with a slit down the middle.  The important part, Amanda knew, was what was inside the slit.  It 
occurred to Amanda then 
that she had never seen a girl's pussy before in real-life.  She had caught sight of them in porn, but never actually seen one for real.  And now she 
probably still wouldn't see it properly - but she would be licking it.  Her tongue inside another girl's private crevice.  She continued staring at 
the problem in front of her, as if it was a jigsaw 
waiting to be started.

Joanna's chin was resting against the top of Amanda's bush of hair.  It was very uncomfortable to keep her head tilted like this, but the alternative 
was to put it downwards, against Amanda's rough thicket, and Joanna certainly was not ready for that yet.  Looking down at the task in front of her, 
all she could think of was how much she hated pubic hair.  At least on men, the part you were meant to lick was mostly separate from the hair, but 
with a woman - it was like a barrier to entry, something you had to fight your way through before you could even get started.  Joanna wondered why all 
men did not insist on women shaving their pussy like all - well, most - women did their armpits and legs.  Amanda had it easy, Joanna thought to 
herself, and for a spiteful moment wished she had let her hair grow back especially for this moment, to show Amanda how unappealing it was.

Amanda decided that it was time to do something.  She had suggested this, so she could not simply quit without trying, even though she 
believed that Joanna would not dare to try licking anyway.  She began planting kisses on Joanna's bare pubic mound.  It was not particularly 
exciting, and Amanda would not have noticed much difference from kissing Joanna's elbow.  Knowing that she could not merely kiss all the time, Amanda 
reached out her tongue and began running its tip along the small groove where Joanna's labia met.  The body of the girl on top stiffened slightly, and 
Amanda would have smiled if she could, if her tongue was not sticking out of her mouth.  This was more exciting - more dangerous somehow.  Amanda 
continued running her tongue back and forth, wondering if this was teasing the girl above her.  

Joanna was surprised that Amanda had begun even tentative attempts.  She had begun to expect that they would merely call the whole thing off.  She 
stared down at Amanda's thicket that hid her pussy.  All very well for you, Joanna thought to herself, I can't even see your pussy amongst all the 
hair.  Joanna did not even have her hands available to reach through the hair and part Amanda's lips, to move the hair from her path.  Her neck 
beginning to ache, she pushed her head forwards, into the forest of curly hair.  She felt like she had grown a beard, and just waited, hoping that she 
would become acclimatised to the hair.

Amanda was relaxing into a pattern of running her tongue backwards and forwards when she slipped, and her tongue pushed through Joanna's labia, and 
bumped against Joanna's clitoris.  Joanna moaned softly.  Amanda resisted her instinct to withdraw her tongue, but instead began to run it up and down 
as before, but this time inside Joanna's slit.  Her tongue parted Joanna's pussy as it ran up and down, the sides of her tongue sliding past Joanna's 
dry insides while the tip of her tongue edged its way over the detail of Joanna's cunt - the hidden clitoris, the inner lips that formed Joanna's 
vaginal entrance, that tasted salty and wet.

Joanna closed her eyes and stuck out her tongue.  She pushed through the hair and into Amanda's pussy, between the lips and to where Joanna guessed 
the clitoris was.  She tried to imagine that she was being forced into this, that Amanda was holding her head down and making her do this.  The 
thought was a good one, and together with the surprisingly pleasurable sensations she could feel in her own sex, helped to take her mind off the 
feelings and tastes in her tongue.  She began flicking her tongue back and forth over the clitoris, trying to emulate the actions of the men who had 
best pleasured her orally in the past.

Amanda gasped, mainly in surprise but also in pleasure, as Joanna's tongue found her clitoris, the key to her excitement.  She stopped 
running up and down Joanna's slit but instead decided to focus on Joanna's clitoris, lapping at it like she would an ice-cream cone.  She heard Joanna 
moan, which spurred her on to go faster.

Amanda was getting wetter now, and Joanna could no longer tell the difference between her own saliva and Amanda's juices, the two were intermingled 
and everywhere.  If Joanna had opened her eyes she would have seen a wet patch developing on the bed where the liquids were pooling, but even without 
that she could feel the wetness on her chin, on her cheeks, on the tip of her nose.  It was messy and it was new and it was arousing.  The feelings of 
being buried in Amanda's pussy coupled with Amanda's licking, however misguided (her tongue motion felt all wrong, Joanna noted), were causing a surge 
of sensation to build up in Joanna, like the beginnings of a wave far out in ocean.

Amanda was breathing heavily now, snorting air in place of moaning as she licked Joanna's pussy.  Despite the copious amount of liquids that were 
coating her face, Amanda could feel that the sides of her tongue were drying, and could feel it rubbing against her cheeks but she did not let up 
in her licking, driven on by the reciprocal motions of Joanna in Amanda's own pussy.  She could not believe how good the short blonde was - just as 
good as any of Amanda's previous boyfriends.  Amanda began to suspect that it was not Joanna's first time licking pussy, and wondered if she was as 
good at pleasuring Joanna.

Joanna licked furiously now, feeling the swell of her own orgasm inside her.  She instinctively pushed her groin downwards onto Amanda's face, trying 
to grind against her for extra sensation.  Amanda's own pussy throbbed as her face was engulfed by Joanna's cunt, unable to smell or taste anything 
but the other girl's sex.  She bent her legs and tried to grab Joanna, to pull her closer.  Joanna's head was surrounded by Amanda's pussy and her 
legs, the whole world blocked out except for the brunette's body which was desperately pulling her closer, pushing up against her, holding her 
captive.

Amanda began moaning gutturally as Joanna's licking suddenly began to pay off, her climax building quickly and incredibly strongly.  Joanna began 
crying out as Amanda's tongue heightened the tension in her body, a rushing feeling inside her.  The two girls, their bodies bound together and 
interlocking perfectly, began moaning and groaning and grunting and shouting as their bodies writhed and flexed and ground and weaved.  
Their climaxes were near-simultaneous, both turned on the approach of each other's.  Their release was loud and energetic and unabashed.

They lay panting, Joanna carried up and down slightly by the movements of Amanda's chest as they both recovered their breath.  They rolled onto their 
sides and reached towards each other's hands, freeing each other from the bounds in which they had been held for so long.  Joanna turned round and lay 
next to Amanda with her head on the pillows, resting her neck.

"Your face is so wet!" Joanna remarked as she looked at Amanda's flushed face.  She put her hand up to the brunette's face, trying to wipe away the 
slickness that covered her cheek, to little effect.

"Yours too," Amanda pointed out, mirroring Joanna's motion by reaching up to the blonde girl's cheek.  There was a momentary pause and then their 
heads began moving towards each other and they kissed, their damp cheeks pushed together, their wet lips interlocking.  Their tired tongues, each 
still covered with the other's taste, felt for each other and intertwined as the two girls embraced and joined their bodies together one 
last time, their damp thighs pushing against each other's, each girl enjoying the closeness of the other.

* * *

"I was thinking we should get some more toys," Amanda said at breakfast the next morning.

"Oh?  What sort of things?"

"Maybe a strap-on?" Amanda said unsurely.

"Worth a try I think.  So who would wear it - me or you?"

"I guess that depends who's in charge," Amanda said.  They both started laughing, and did not stop for some time.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





