BDSM Library - Me and Sandy




Me and Sandy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My first time experimenting with bondage with Sandy.


When I was still in high-school, I went out with a girl named Sandy.  On this occasion, Sandy and I hadn't had sex yet but we had been giving each other satisfaction by hand (well, more her me than the me her).  


Since we were both still in high-school and living at home, privacy was a problem.  I lived in an old apartment building with my parents.  The building was loaded with basements which were had the laundry facilities.  They were also loaded with unused storage lockers.  So, for privacy, Sandy and I would go into those unused lockers.  The biggest challenge was making sure we kept quiet so that we didn't alert the people doing laundry to our presence.  That wouldn't have been good, especially since we were usually partially if not fully undressed.   


One afternoon after school we went into the basement.  I really wanted to get Sandy naked so that I could suck on her tits and her pussy (remember those teenage hormones?).  She didn't let me totally undress her but she did let me take off her pants and panties.  I then sat her down on a stool we covered with a blanket and ate her pussy.  I was new to eating pussy and I'm sure I wasn't very good.  But she didn't say anything and she came (at least, she said she came).  


One thing I remember is that I never saw her clit.  And I was looking as I hadn't really seen one before except in pictures.  I did ask her if she faked and she gave me a hug, said "No, and it felt really good" and then proceeded to remove my pants.  So I forgot all about my question (remember those teenage hormones?).    


Later that night, I was reliving the experience.  The more I thought about it, the more convinced I became that she faked her orgasm.  So I decided I needed to do something to help make sure she came.  This was before the Internet so googling cunnilingus wasn't an option.  


I came up with a plan: Get her top off, play with her tits a bit, tie her hands up, take off her pants, tie her legs up making sure they are apart, make her cum, fuck her. I'll admit I stole this from some porno bondage mags I had.  And I had no clue what I was doing other than what I could get from those pictures.  But I convinced myself that this was a great plan.  In fact, my my cock got hard and I ended up masturbating by the time I was finished with my plan.  


In thinking things through, I saw three main issues. First, I had nothing with which to tie her up.  Second, would being tied up make her freak out?  And third, after all the work, would I be able to make her cum?


So I started by searching for something to use to tie her up.  I found some string.  To see if it would work, I tied some to my leg, When I pulled, it got tighter.  Plus it left marks and was starting to hurt.  Time to look for something else.  


Then I got a great idea by looking at my mags.  I went into my moms room and stole some knee high stockings.  I tried them on my leg and thought that these would be perfect.  They don't get too tight, they aren't rough and I can release them pretty easily.  I brought these down to the basement along with a couple of condoms.  And, so that Sandy didn't freak out a bit early, I put the stuff in a dark corner of the locker. 


Now, I couldn't wait for tomorrow to come.  I stopped worrying about her reaction to the bondage but kept getting excited about it.  I finally fell asleep thinking about tomorrow.  


Morning came and I headed to school.  Of course, it seemed to go on forever.  The end of the day finally came and we walked to my house.  We didn't even go up, we went straight into the basement and towards the locker.  We started necking and I started to remove her shirt.  


She tried to stop me but I was persistent (I might have even begged a little).  I got her shirt off and then removed her bra.  She was now topless.  I sat her down on the stool and started licking and sucking on her tits.  I stood up and ran to the corner of the shed and grabbed the stockings.  I came back to her and started right in on her nipples.  At the same time, I took one of the stockings and tried to tie her hands behind her back.  And I remember thinking that doing that is much harder then it looks.  But I finally got them tied.  


Sandy then realized what I had done.  She didn't freak out but she wasn't saying anything either.  So I kept sucking on her nipples.  I then heard, "Why am I tied up".  My simple reply "Because I thought it would be fun.  Should I remove it?"  I heard a quick "No" so I continued sucking on her nipples.  After another minute or so, I stood her up and started to remove her pants.  She didn't object so I removed her pants and then removed her panties.   


I sat her back down on the stool.  I then realized I had forgotten to figure out how to tie her legs so that they would be apart, so that I would have access to her pussy with my mouth and with my cock.  I took a quick look and thought that tying her ankles to the stool would work.  So I gave that a try.  And it worked,  I could see her pussy was wide open and inviting.  It also seemed a bit wet.  


Sucking on her tits again, I heard her start to moan just a little.  In a few minutes I tired of her tits and started licking down her stomach.  I took my time and when I got to her pussy, I could see her clit and that she was quite wet.  I realized that I had never seen her so excited.  


As soon as my tongue touched her pussy, she let out this huge moan.  For a split second I was worried someone heard, but then I just didn't care.  She was squirming all over the place from my tongue.  So I just kept going.  I think it was about 2 minutes later when she came.  I could tell by the way she tensed and moaned that she wasn't faking it.    


When she came back down to earth, she asked me to untie her.  I just looked at her and shook my head no.  I then dropped my pants.  I knew it was okay when Sandy smiled.  I put on the condom and heard "Come over here and fuck me".


So, I obliged.  It was my first time fucking.  It took all of my will to not cum after the first half dozen strokes, but I knew I wanted this to last.  Here I was, fucking my girlfriend who was tied up.  WOW!.  After a minute or so, I had to stop so that I didn't shoot right then.  


My holding back was made harder by Sandy.  She was reacting to my fucking her;  everytime I shoved into her, she moaned.   


In another minute or two, I just couldn't hold back.  I shoved my cock into her as hard as I could and came, shooting my load deep into her pussy.


I stayed there for about a minute, not wanting to move.  But I then pulled out of her and untied her.  We both dressed and we left the basement.


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jeff S


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





