BDSM Library - Changes




Changes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy has his girlfriend submit to changes in her body, the changes start of mild but end up extreeme






Changes

By Ninja



It was my senior year (High School) and I started dating Tiffany who was a 10th 

grader with a killer body. At first it was your standard relationship but then 

it started to evolve.



The first step was when I fucked her 4 times one day at my house (my parents 

were out of town) and got her to put her panties on right away afterwards.



We went back to her house for dinner. Her parents of course figured we had maybe 

kissed and here she is sitting at the table with 4 loads of cum pooling into her 

panties. By the end of the meal her panties and the back of her skirt were both 

a sopping mess.



Her parents are pretty straight-laced. All of their kids are well behaved and 

nothing unusual is allowed. So next I talked her in to getting her belly button 

pierced. She didn't want to do it but I made her.&nbsp; She wore longer shirts once 

it was done so her parents never saw it.



Next I made her shave her pussy. I loved looking down at my little slut, long 

chain hanging from her belly button ring, and smooth shaved pussy that my cock 

was going in and out of. I would tell her what a slut she was for having such 

fancy belly button jewelry and a shaved pussy. She would close her eyes and cry 

as I told her this and fucked her.



And whenever possible I would then have her put on panties and go back to her 

parents house with a pussy full of cum leaking out in to her panties. And to 

make sure her mom did not find out we were fucking from her panties, I made her 

suck the cum out of her panties each night.



This was when I decided to start pushing things. I got such a hard-on at her 

parents house watching her act like the sweet little innocent girl while 

underneath her clothes if they could see her parents would have freaked out.



Next I had her get a tongue piercing. She didn't want to but I refused to talk 

to her until she did. Wonderful idea. We would drive around while she gave me a 

blow job and the ball on the end of the tongue bar felt incredible. I must have 

pumped a gallon of jizm down her throat.



When I would cum I would pull her head all the way down on my cock mashing her 

nose into my pelvis. "God you're a great cocksucker" I would yell while pumping 

my cum into her stomach.



And when we were back at her parents house, Tiffany with a stomach full of my 

cum, she would talk as little as possible. And when she did talk she looked down 

so her parents would not see the bar through her tongue. This was the start of 

Tiffany not ever looking anyone in the face.



Next I wanted to fuck her in the ass. It was the one thing we had not done. But 

I'm a thoughtful guy. I bought her several sizes of butt plugs and had her start 

with one and every couple of days move up to the next size. She wore them 

constantly.



When we were in public or at her parents house I would push up on the plug 

whenever I could do so without it being obvious. It always made her jump a 

little. And I loved the look on her face whenever she sat down and it pushed the 

plug further into her ass.



Once she had graduated to the largest plug, I gave her an enema. She was crying 

from the start and as her stomach got bigger and bigger, the tears started to 

flow freely. She begged me to stop but I told her she was my ass slut and so she 

had to do this. She then hunched her body over and cried as I filled her up.



After she let the enema out I ass fucked her. God it felt good. It was so wild I 

did it 5 times telling her the entire time that she was my ass slut and how I 

loved filling her up in the ass with my cum.



We had dinner at her house that night and I came in my pants watching Tiffany 

sit there with 5 loads of cum leaking out of her ass into her panties. That 

night she sucked my cum and traces of her shit out of her panties so her mother 

wouldn't know. She was crying the entire time as she did it.



I was getting tired of the stubble from her pussy hair when Tiffany didn't 

shave. One day I had enough and told her that since she didn't shave each day, 

it needed to be removed permanently. We argued about this and she screamed and 

shouted a lot. But I remained firm - if she wanted to keep dating me she had to 

do it.



She waited two weeks for it to grow long enough to be removed. During that two 

weeks I refused to spend time with her because of her pussy hair and instead 

took up with an old girlfriend. Each night I would call Tiffany and tell her 

what a good fuck Allie was. 



Toward the end I would call her while Allie and I were fucking and I was telling 

Allie how good her cunt felt and what a great fuck she was. I could hear Tiffany 

crying over the phone. The last night I made Tiffany masturbate as she listened 

to Allie and me go at it and cum when we came.



The next afternoon I picked Tiffany up from the beauty salon and we went to a 

park. I had her stand where people could see the back of her and she lifted the 

front of her skirt so I could feel her pussy. All around her she could her the 

sounds of kids playing and people talking as I played with her permanently bare 

pussy lips.



The electrolysis had made everything puffy and red and it hurt her when I 

touched her pussy. But she didn't want me to fuck Allie again so she begged me 

to fuck her. I pounded her pussy and she cried and cried. I told her what a good 

slut she was and had her tell me that she loved being my slut.



The next thing I thought of was nipple rings. We went and got not just 1" 

diameter rings for her nipples, but on the ring was a number of hanging chains 

with small jewels. It was like a large fancy earring on each ear, except these 

were permanent. It meant that Tiffany had to now wear a heavily padded bra to 

hid the rings and that made her already large chest gigantic.



There is something awfully sexy and slutty about a girl who is already a size DD 

who wears a padded bra to make her boobs look even bigger. I would talk to her 

about how only a slut would do that and she would see others looking at her 

thinking the same thing and realize that she was a slut.



I also enjoyed the looks she got from her parents about it. They never said 

anything to her but they made it clear they disapproved of her wearing a padded 

bra to draw more attention to her breasts. But she couldn't tell them the real 

reason so she let them think she wanted the attention.



I made a special recording on her ipod. It had us having sex as the background 

noise and my voice tell her "you're a slut", "you're a whore", "you're a cum 

bucket." And her voice saying "I love cum", "I love to fuck", "I love having 

cocks up my holes." And then it would bring up our voices as we were fucking 

"Please full up my slutty cunt with your cum", "I love having your cock up my 

ass", and more. It went on for over an hour without repeating.



Tiffany would listen to this whenever she could. At home, in class, at the mall. 

Her constant background noise was listening to us fuck and the voice always 

telling her what a slut she was. Then I started adding to it. I put in the 

recording from when Allie and I fucked and Tiffany was masturbating and her 

voice saying how hot it made her to listen to us fuck.



I had recordings of me fucking other girls and had Tiffany record her voice 

saying how much she loved to hear me fuck other girls and how hot it got her. I 

had soundtracks from lesbian porn and again had her record her voice saying how 

much she loved watching women eat each other and how much she would like to suck 

other women's tits and eat their pussies.



With each increase in how obscene the message was Tiffany would at first cry 

while listening to it. I had her switch to each new recording at the mall so we 

would sit there with her crying as unobtrusively as possible while listening. 

And then we would walk around the mall as she listened to more and more. Then 

she would go home with her mother, her mom sitting next to her not realizing 

that Tiffany was next to her listening to her own voice talk about how she would 

love to be a lesbo slut.



I found a clit vibrator with a remote control for sale on the web and ordered 

it. You know what - it works! I had Tiffany put it on, we got it positioned 

correctly under her skirt, and I then could turn it on and off as long as I was 

within 30 feet of her.



The first day we tried it at school and I would move the speed up, down, off, on 

in the 3 classes we were in together. Finally in History class they were showing 

a film and I kept working it higher and higher until she came. And as much as 

she tried to keep it quiet, a couple of the kids right around here knew what 

happened.



Nothing is a secret in High School. By the end of the day all of her friends 

knew she had come in class. And some teased her about it which had her on the 

verge of tears until the end of the day.



We would use it at various times from then on. My favorite was taking her to the 

edge of cumming at her house when she was talking to her parents. Her breathing 

would get shorter and her face redder and she would have to somehow excuse how 

she was looking to her parents. But she could not move away from them because I 

told her if she did, I would set it on max and then she would cum in front of 

them. So she would have to talk for 5, 10, even 15 minutes to her parents while 

on the edge of having an orgasm.



I decided she needed a clit ring to match her nipple rings. When we went in she 

was placed in a chair with her legs spread wide, her skirt pulled up, and her 

panties off. Several people crowded around to look at her bare pussy on display. 

Tiffany tried to cover her eyes with her hands but I made her put her hands down 

and look at the people staring at her pussy. 



No one except me had ever seen her pussy before and her she was spreading her 

legs for total strangers. "They all know you are a total slut the way you are 

spreading your legs" I told her. She looked at me and the tears started 

streaming out of the corners of her eyes.



Then her clit was pierced and she screamed. I kissed her as the ring was 

inserted. This was a normal sized ring but attached to it was a short chain and 

at the end of that was a bell. When Tiffany stood up the bell rang.



She looked down startled. She tried to argue but I told her to shut up and get 

dressed. We walked out and with each step the bell would make a faint tinkling 

sound. Tiffany could feel the bell swing against her legs as she walked.



At home she would stuff the bell and part of the chain up her pussy because 

there would be no explaining it there. But everywhere else it swung free under 

her skirt, making a slight ringing sound, tugging slightly on her clit, and 

banging gently against her legs when she walked. It made her constantly pay 

attention to her clit and her cunt. And the movement tended to keep her clit at 

a constant low level of arousal. So her life became centered around her clit and 

the movement of the bell attached to it.



I had to make it a rule that she could not wear panties anymore because I wanted 

the bell to hang free. I also reduced her to half cup bras (still padded of 

course) so her nipples were not covered or if they were, it was with see-through 

lace. And to always wear heels.



With all of her jewelry I really liked fucking her doggie style. Her belly, 

nipple and clit jewelry would hang down where I could tug it lightly and the 

bell would ring like crazy as we fucked.



I also liked having her on her back so I could look down at my cock going in to 

her smooth bare pussy. She would have to hold her clit chain so it didn't rub 

against my prick and hurt me and I would make her tug it causing her to wince in 

pain each time. I loved watching her hurt herself slightly as I came.



We were watching a porn film and fucking when I saw a woman in it wearing a 

corset. That became our next step. We got a real one, not one of the pretend 

lingerie ones. It went from just under her boobs to her hips and could be laced 

tighter and tighter.



Over the next several months she wore it almost all of the time and we kept 

tightening and tightening it. And her waist would get smaller and smaller. At 

home she would wear loose shirts to hide it. But at school and elsewhere I had 

her wear tight tops so people could see the incredible hourglass shape she 

developed.



It was hard for Tiffany to move in the corset and it restricted her movement a 

lot. She could not bend over and so when picking something up she had to squat 

and that meant her legs went apart. At school quite a few people got a full on 

view of her naked cunt with the bell hanging from her clit when she had to pick 

something up.



And as it got tighter it was more of an effort for her to breathe. Especially 

when we were having sex and her breathing would get faster and faster and she 

would have to concentrate on the breathing rather than the sex. Because of that 

she would cum less and less often and eventually she stopped having orgasms.



We talked about this but I told her that my enjoying her look in the corset was 

more important than her having an orgasm. She cried over this but I explained 

she could still be a slut even if she didn't cum. This caused her to cry even 

more.



After 2 weeks of no orgasms I relented. She could remove the corset when she got 

home as long as she stayed in the main rooms of the house. So Tiffany would find 

a part of the house where the others in her family could not see her, and 

masturbate. Most times before she would cum either she would be called or 

someone else would come in to the room and she would have to stop.



But most nights she would eventually get a chance to release herself. And she 

got very good at being able to play with her clit while her parents and brothers 

and sisters were near her. Many nights she would get herself off under a blanket 

while watching TV sitting just a couple of feet away from her parents. With the 

lights low and everyone watching the TV, no one noticed her increased breathing.



I have to wonder though, what does it do to a 15 year old girl to masturbate and 

cum a couple of feet away from her parents. I added to her ipod recording her 

voice saying she wanted to suck her dad's cock and have him fuck here. And that 

she wanted to eat her mother's pussy and have her mother eat her. She didn't 

want to do this at first but I let her masturbate at my house when my parents 

weren't there and the chance to masturbate loudly was too good a thing to give 

up. So she is saying how she wants to fuck and suck her parents while loudly 

cumming. And that was the recording she would listen to while masturbating next 

to her parents.



The rings she had were so beautiful that we had to get ones for her cunt lips. 

Seven for each side and these were big rings almost 1" in diameter. We went back 

to the same place and again she had to look at people staring at her cunt. She 

screamed and cried with each piercing and at the end her face was blotchy and 

the tears had run rivers down her face.



A locking rod was passed through the rings so that her pussy was locked shut. 

Tiffany looked at this and asked me what was going on. I told her that her cunt 

was my property not hers and I was making sure I was the only one to fuck it.



She cried and pleaded and told me that no one else had ever fucked her and no 

one else ever would. But I reminded her of how she said she wanted to fuck her 

father. She said that was only because I made her say it but the lock stayed.



That day I filled her full of cum again and then locked her pussy shut. We had 

dinner at her house and I loved looking at her knowing that her locked pussy was 

keeping all my loads of cum in here as she sat there talking to her parents. If 

only they know what she had on under her blouse and skirt. Not their precious 

little girl but instead she looked like the biggest slut in school.



I got her some contacts so that anything more than a foot away was blurry. At 

more then 3 - 4 feet she couldn't see anything. I had her wear these when we 

went out in public. With the earphones in her ears, the contacts insuring she 

couldn't see anything, the bell tugging on her clit, she was wrapped in her own 

little world and almost oblivious of the world around her.



I would squeeze her ass and tits no matter who could see because she didn't 

know. Whenever I could get away with it I would play with her clit and tell her 

others were watching me do it. At parties I would lift up the front of her skirt 

so others could see her bare locked cunt.



I got a catheter from a friend of mine and put it up her urethra. Over time I 

got pretty good at installing it where it didn't even hurt her. Instead of 

running the catheter to a bag, I cut the tube about 3 inches after it came out 

of her pussy and taped it in a circle over her locked cunt.



I then put her in a diaper and rubber pants. Over the rubber pants I put a 

frilly pair of diaper covers like those that a little baby would wear with her 

Sunday dress. Over that went a dress similar to that of a little girl and 

equally short so her frilly cover and the obvious diaper under it was visible.



We would go out like this and I would have her suck on a binky that was attached 

to a chord around her neck. So people would see this 15 year old girl with large 

breasts and makeup. But she is sucking on a binky and clearly has diapers on 

that are visible below the hem of her dress.



People would stare. Especially grown men. I would point them out to Tiffany and 

explain that they clearly wanted to fuck her. This would make her incredible 

self conscious. I also would have her drink and drink when we went out and with 

the catheter installed she had no bladder control and would slowly fill up her 

diaper.



I would then take her into the men's room at the mall and change her diaper on 

the changing table. The guys in there would pretend to not look but no one ever 

left the entire time we would be in there. And while I was changing it I would 

talk to her like she was&nbsp; a little baby and making sure everyone got a good look 

at her bare locked cunt. And the entire time tears would leak out of the corners 

of Tiffany's eyes.



I also had Tiffany wear it at home sometimes but with a longer skirt so her 

parents would not know. I loved watching her sit at the dinner table knowing 

that she was filling up her diaper with each sip of her drink and the 

uncomfortable look that would build up in her eyes.



One time I gave her a small enema and did not let her expel it. I then put her 

in her diaper and we went to the mall with her friends. She started cramping and 

it got worse and worse until she had to let it go. Most of it stayed in her 

diaper but there were some brown streaks down her leg. And the smell made it 

obvious what had happened. Her friends all moved away from her and that story 

also made it around the school.



The one imperfection Tiffany had was that she was a brunette. Her hair was 

almost black so there was no way it could be blond. One day I had her sit down 

and took some clippers and cut off all her hair. I had her watch in a full 

length mirror the entire time so she saw me first use scissors to cut it short, 

then clippers to give her a butch haircut. Then I lathered up her head and 

shaved it.



Throughout the entire process Tiffany cried and cried. Between each step I made 

her suck my cock as a thank you for doing this and made her tell me thank you. 

After shaving her head I loved the feel of her bare head in my hands as I 

slammed my cock all the way down her throat.



I had Tiffany sweep up her old hair and throw it out. She sobbed uncontrollably 

while doing that. Then I fucked here while telling here that she looked like a 

complete slut with her bare head.



I had wigs for her. One like her original hair for when she was home. But I had 

a blond and redhead one for when we went out. And both were in the teased up 

total slut look. So she was a totally different person when we went out to 

party.



After awhile I also would take her to parties with no wig. That got her lots of 

attention and comments and at first all of those comments would cause her to 

hang her head down and get teary eyed. But as she got used to the comments they 

had much less effect on her.



The father of one of my friends was a plastic surgeon and he had this 

experimental hormone treatment that was supposed to enlarge breasts naturally. 

What it would do was cause additional growth in the area it was injected in.



We forged Tiffany's father's signature on the release forms and got her enrolled 

in the experimental program. And it worked. Over a period of 6 months Tiffany's 

breasts grew from DD to GGGG. And these were firm natural teenage breasts, not 

fake ones with implants.



The shots hurt and Tiffany was always embarrassed to have a doctor pushing her 

breasts around and looking at the jewelry attached to her nipple rings. But the 

end result made it worth it.



I loved sliding my cock between her breasts. When they got to their full size 

Tiffany could kneel in front of me, hold her breasts together, and I could pound 

my cock between straight at her chest and be fully buried going straight in her 

breasts were so large.



I also loved squeezing and sucking them while fucking her. I told her that she 

was the most beautiful slut in the world because of her big whore tits. And that 

her giant tits made it clear she existed to be fucked and to let men play with 

her tits.



It was interesting seeing how others changed around her. At school no one ever 

looked at her face. Even girls would stare just at her tits. And the boys 

clearly only thought of grabbing them. Tiffany stopped being a person and become 

a pair of walking tits to everyone.



I don't know if it was because Tiffany was getting lazy or I was getting more 

picky. But her teeth were starting to scrape my cock when she gave me blow jobs 

and that wasn't helping me get off. So she went to a friend's father who was a 

dentist and he removed all of her teeth and gave her dentures to replace them.



Now when I get blow jobs, she takes the teeth out and I get the lovely feeling 

of gums on my cock. I really love sitting in my chair looking down at Tiffany 

kneeling in front of me. Her bald head and toothless mouth looks up at me. She 

has chains hanging from her nipples and clit and her clit bell is ringing. I can 

run my foot along her smooth bare locked cunt. The corset has her in an 

incredible hourglass shape. And her tits are so large that I can see them both 

below her sucking mouth and pushing out from her sides.



I fill her up with cum all the time. She always has cum either leaking from her 

cunt and ass, our spread over her face and shaved head. She always has the 

corset on giving her that incredible hourglass shape while wearing tight 

clothes. And she usually has the ipod and contacts in so she is lost in her own 

little world of constant sex.



When I left for college I told her it was time for her to find another 

boyfriend. She cried and cried but I left town. I hear she has a new boyfriend 

that is teaching her to be a dog. Apparently she's a fast learner and is now 

very popular with the dogs in her neighborhood.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ninja Turtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





