BDSM Library - Public Display of Affection




Public Display of Affection
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Makes his girlfriend go naked everywhere






Public Display of Affection

by Ninja



I had just broken up with Lisa the day before. My choice. I sat through the 

tears and the pleading and all that - and now I was done and out again. There 

wasn't anything in particular that caused me to break up with her - it was just 

that I was bored with the relationship.



So who else is at the party? Lisa. This sucks. Ok, hopefully we can just ignore 

each other. Lots of cute girls here so I don't want to leave. But of course she 

comes over. She is starting to piss me off.



She starts pleading with me about keeping the relationship going. I say the 

standard things but this is wrecking my evening. So finally when she asks me for 

the 3rd time what she can do to "fix things" I tell her.



"Strip" I tell her. She pleads with her some more but I keep giving her the same 

answer. She wants our relationship, then lose the clothes.



With her face looking at the floor and tears slowly dripping from her eyes, she 

slowly unbuttons her blouse and then hunching over towards me slowly removes it. 

She looks up at me with an anguished pleading look.



"Keep going" I tell her.



Her entire body starts to shiver as she slowly pushes her jeans down. The jeans 

drop down and pool around her ankles. Lisa seems frozen in place in her bra and 

panties with her pants around her ankles.



Her eyes are squeezed shut and she is now sobbing with tears rolling down her 

cheeks. I reach out and pull her toward me and she leans tight against me.



She is gorgeous. Very thin with a nice rounded ass and natural tits that have to 

be bigger than DD. She is only 19 so she still has a tight youthful body with no 

sag anywhere. I run my hands over her back and butt as she pulls herself tight 

against me her entire body trembling.



Her bra strap on her back is annoying me. "Lose the bra" I tell her. Others at 

the party are starting to take notice. Only one or two open stares but there are 

a lot of sideways glances. This is getting good. I don't know if I am turned on 

more by her almost naked body or everyone looking at her.



Lisa looks up at me with her face begging me to stop. She isn't moving. "Frank, 

please don't make me do this. Please" she begs softly.



"Take off the bra and panties and we're back together" I tell her. "If you 

don't, I'm leaving" I finish as I drop my hand from her and take a half step 

way.



"I'll do it, don't go, I'll do it" she whispers urgently holding on to me.



I step back next to her as she reaches up and unclips her bra. The bra falls 

down to her elbows where it stops. We now have the attention of almost everyone 

at the party. Her she is with her giant breasts naked for all of the room to 

see. She is facing me so the view is not great, but they are visible to most 

everyone there.



She then pushes down the sides of her panties until they too drop to her ankles. 

Lisa then pulls herself tight against me trying to use me to cover up her 

breasts and cunt.



The room is silent as everyone is staring at this naked beautiful woman pressed 

against me. I put my arm around her and stroke up and down her back enjoying the 

soft feel of her skin. And the idea that her she is in front of everyone naked 

because I told her to strip.



As the evening goes on I get her to step out of her pants so she is totally 

naked. I talk to others and for some reason everyone wants to come over and talk 

to me - although their eyes tend to never leave Lisa's form.



Lisa spends the evening attached to my side to cover herself up as best she can. 

And I keep stroking her back and ass. When it's time to leave I make her walk 

next to me. She does so with her head down staring at the floor, one arm crossed 

over her breasts and the other in front of her cunt.



When we get back to her place I fuck her brains out for hours telling her that 

she is a slut for walking around naked at the party. She cries and cries as I 

keep telling her about what a slut she is. But she also cums and cums.







In the morning Lisa looks embarrased. When she gets up she starts to put her 

robe on but I stop her. "Naked, always naked when you can" I tell her.



"But my roomates" she replies.



"They know what you look like and I want you naked."



Her shoulders drop and she lets the robe slide out of her fingers. She starts to 

get back in bed but I get out and tell her that she is going to make me 

breakfast. I put on my shorts making it clear that the naked rule is for her 

only.



As I'm sitting at her kitchen table I'm getting rock hard. There she is totally 

naked making breakfast for me as her roomates watch us. They are clearly 

wondering what is going on with her.



And each time she brings me over something, I reach up and rub her back and her 

ass, right there in front of her two roomates. Lisa looks like she wants the 

ground to open up and swallow her.



I walk over next to her in the kitchen and have her lean against the counter 

facing her roomates. I start stroking her ass. "Arms down" I tell her so she 

stops blocking the view of her tits from her roomates.



As she drops her arms to her side my hand moves down to the bottom of her ass 

and between her legs to reach her cunt. Lisa jerks as though shocked.



"Please, please don't" she whispers. Her nipples are so erect they look like 

they might explode. I push my fingers into her cunt. She is so wet the just 

slide right in. Lisa shudders as I push 2 fingers all the way in to her pussy.



Her roomates are staring at Lisa. I look at Lisa and the roomates back and 

forth. Lisa is staring right at the counter. I start rubbing her clit.



Lisa starts breathing heavier and heavier as she gets more and more excited. 

"Look up" I tell her. She looks at me with a pleading look in her eyes. "not at 

me" and I nod at her roomates. I stop rubbing her clit and nod at her roomates.



Lisa turns and looks at her roomates and I start rubbing her clit again. Her 

cunt is dripping juices. She is looking at her roomates but with a vacant stare 

and doesn't really see them. Her roomates are transfixed at Lisa right there in 

front of them about to cum. They can't see her blow the waist or my hand because 

of the counter but they know what is happening.



She cums!!!!!!!! Her fists hit the counter top and her body shakes as the climax 

runs through her entire body. It's amazing how incredible it is to watch someone 

cum. We are all staring at her as she shakes and almost falls down.



Lisa looks up and sees her roomates. She starts to cry as she realizes what she 

has done. Her hands go up to cover her face as she turns toward me.



I am so hard watching this. I can't help myself. I unzip my pants and pull out 

my cock.



I push Lisa down to her knees which is easy to do as she is so weak in the legs 

from her cum. I push my cock into her mouth before she even realizes what is 

going on. 



I start to face fuck her. This is not Lisa giving me a blow job. I am using her 

mouth to masturbate, holding the sides of her head and moving her mouth up and 

down my cock.



Lisa looks up at me with tears streaming down her face. I can see she wants me 

to stop but her arms are just loose by her side.



Lisa's roomates can't see her because of the counter but it's clear they know 

what's going on. I'm about to cum so I pull out and spray my cum over her face, 

from her forehead and hair to her chin, over both eyes.



"Don't touch it until you shower" I whisper to her as I help her stand back up. 

Lisa then walks past her roomates, naked with a face full of cum, back to her 

room.







Lisa and I dated for the next 6 months. During that time she never wore any 

clothes when possible. And when clothes were necessary, it was as little as 

possible. At parties I would always make her strip what little she was wearing 

as soon as we arrived.



Lisa got used to standing next to me with my arm around her. I would always be 

toying with her tits or cunt while talking to others. And she would stand so 

they could see her boobs, her pussy, and my hand going whereever it wanted.



Eventually I would get her off while people can see all of her. There she would 

be at a party, everyone else dressed, she is naked, and my hand is rubbing her 

clit until she cums. My little slut Lisa with the beautiful body that everyone 

gets to see.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ninja Turtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





