BDSM Library - A Weekend with Brian




A Weekend with Brian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Shayna meets Brian for a weekend full of fun, sex and domination.  Story starts light on the D/s but will progress and become more intense as more chapters are written.






A Weekend with Brian





I sat staring at my computer screen with a look of complete astonishment on my face. Surely I read your latest email wrong. Shaking my head, I scrolled through the paragraph once more just to make sure.



"I will pick you up from your hotel room at 8pm. From there we will stop for dinner and then on to the club for some great music, hot dancing and drinks. But first, I want to make you aware of the little gift that will be waiting for you when you check into your hotel tomorrow. I won't disclose the contents of the package yet. All you need to know is that I picked out everything it contains just for you. When I arrive at your room tomorrow evening I want you to be wearing EVERYTHING that is contained in the package. And I mean EVERYTHING. No questions asked and don't wear anything that isn't inside the box."



Sure enough...I had read the email correctly. My mind raced trying to figure out what would be waiting for me at my hotel. We had been planning this trip for weeks now. I was going to take a small vacation and fly over to spend the weekend with you. Unbeknownst to me, it seemed as if you already had everything planned out. Of course I was giddy with anticipation, but the thought of the 'gift' kept nagging at me. Finally, I sighed in defeat, deciding to try and forget about the gift and just focus on getting all my things packed and sending you one last email to let you know I had received your instructions. 



The next afternoon I strode into the office of the hotel, jet-lagged and having completely forgot about the package. I smiled wearily at the desk clerk as I signed in. The smile freezing on my lips as she sat a rather large plain brown box on the counter in front of me. The box. How could I have forgotten about the box! 



"Room 135 Ma'am. Take the elevator to the second floor and it's down on your right." The clerk's words jerked me out of my stupor.



"Thank you." I managed to mutter, before grabbing my key card and the box and making my way quickly to my room. 



Once inside the small, yet tidy, room...I dropped my belongings on the bed and went to phone you and let you know I had made it to the hotel okay.



"Hello?" You answered in a deep husky voice.



"Brian? This is Shayna. I just wanted to let you know I finally arrived here at the hotel and I'm getting settled as we speak." My voice sounded cracked and nervous. Did he think so too? Did he think I was having second thoughts about meeting?



"That is great!" You replied. "Did you receive the package, then?" I could hear the slight amused tone in your words this time and it definitely gave me room to pause.



"I...umm...yes. Yes, I got it. But I haven't opened it yet." I was sure I was acting a stuttering fool now. My cheeks were flushed with embarrassment. 



"Good. Don't forget what I said. Wear it all tonight. Don't leave a single thing out, because if you do then I will know." Your tone had changed from amusement to a flat stern one. 



"Okay, I will. See you at 8 sharp." And that ended our conversation. 



I sat there on the edge of the bed with the discreet box at my side, still unopened. After taking several deep calming breaths I began to tear at the tape to reveal the contents. The first object I encountered was a small 2oz bottle of Astroglide lubricant. What on earth...I wondered as I then spotted the second object. My eyes widened in shock and it all became clear. Laying there before me was a very large butt plug. I continued to search through the box and then found a little purple butterfly vibrator. But wait...didn't those things come with a remote? There was definitely no remote to be found inside this box of tricks. Instead, I pulled out the last few items...all clothing. This had to be the sluttiest outfit I had ever seen. A simple pair of black stockings w/ matching garter belts, a very short black skirt and a skimpy white blouse. This? This is what you want me to wear tonight? I am appalled at how slutty I will look, yet at the same time the idea totally turns me on. 



I glance up at the clock and see that it is already 5pm. If I am to be ready and waiting for you by 8 then I needed to hurry. I very quickly arrange the items from the box on the bed before heading to the bathroom for a shower. 30 minutes later I step out of the steam filled bathroom smelling of lavender and sporting a freshly shaved pussy. Still wrapped in the bath towel, I dry and style my hair as fast as possible...constantly aware of the time ticking away. As the time of your arrival gets closer and closer I find my pulse quickening and a familiar heat begin to spread between my thighs in anticipation of our night together. Turning toward the bed, I drop the towel and pick up the large butt plug. 5" long and 2" in diameter at it's widest point. I am so eager to have the plug filling my ass, I almost forget the lube! I lay across the bed on my side. Opening up the bottle of lube, I squirt a fair sized amount onto two of my fingers before gently massaging the liquid into my asshole. First one finger, then two begin to probe my tight little hole...trying to work in as much lube as possible. I then set to thoroughly coating the plug with the lube as well. Once satisfied that I will be good and slippery, I begin to insert the large butt plug into my ass. Breathing deeply and trying to relax as the plug gets larger and larger the more it slides into my ass. Finally, with a nice 'pop' sound it is completely inside and "T" shaped bottom is the only part protruding between my butt cheeks. I sit up very slowly, letting my body become accustomed to the fullness in my ass. I then grab the butterfly vibrator and spreading my long shapely legs wide, press it firmly into place against my clit.



Last but not least, I rise from the bed and begin to don the clothing that you have chosen for me. I glance up at the clock while rolling the garter belts up to keep the stockings in place...noticing it is already 7:15. My belly does a little flip-flop as I realize you will be here in less than an hour! I pull the skirt up over my hips next and realize just how slutty you wish me to look tonight. The skirt is short. So short that it barely covers my ass and if I move just the right way, you can catch a peek of garter belt. My slow deliberate movements keep me constantly aware of the plug filling my ass, causing me to squirm involuntarily. I then reach for the shirt, only to pause in wonder. There is no bra...no panties. I struggle with this new revelation for a few moments before deciding against wearing any. You did state that I was to only wear what was in the box, afterall. Grinning to myself, I pull the shirt over my head...careful to not mess up my hair in the process. The blouse has a very deep plunging neckline and it fits very snugly. My full breasts press firmly against the soft fabric and I blush slightly as I can see the shape of my small brown nipples through the cloth.



I then turn my attentions to applying my make-up. Not too much. Just a thin coat of foundation...light earthy tones and a pretty pink lip gloss. Then, just as I am doing some final touch ups to my hair I hear a loud rapping on my door. I freeze completely and my whole body tenses. You are here. Taking one final look in the mirror and breathing deeply, I walk over to the door and let you in. Your eyes roam over my body from head to toe as you take a few steps into the room and shut the door behind you. 



After a few moments of ogling over my appearance, You smile the most arrogant yet charming smile I have ever seen and then I hear that sexy deep voice again. "I see you followed my directions." You then glance down to my thighs. "But did you follow ALL of my directions?" And before I can reply, I see you pull a small remote control out of your pocket and push a tiny button. The intense wave of pleasure that vibrates against my clit causes me to yelp in surprise. You then begin to chuckle before pressing the button again to turn off the butterfly vibe. I have only a moment's respite before you speak again. "Present your ass to me so I can see if you did as you were told, slut."



I blush profusely but never hesitate at your command. Turning quickly, I bend over at the waist and tug my skirt up to reveal my bare ass to you. I can hear you move closer to me and then I feel your large warm hand slide casually down the middle of my ass...pausing at the plug to give it a little push, causing a moan to escape my lips as I push back against your hand. I hear you chuckle once again and then feel the tiny sharp pain as you pinch my left butt cheek and tell me to stand up once again. "Let's go, my little fuck toy. I am very proud that you followed my directions, but we still have a very busy night ahead of us." And with that we were on our way out the door and on the way to the restaurant. 



We arrived at the restaurant minutes later, having conversed casually in the car about my flight and your day. The waiter directed us to a nice semi-secluded booth and after he took our drink orders and left, you leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Lean forward and pull your skirt up so that when you sit back down your bare ass will be pressed against the cold seat. And when you do, tell me how it feels to have that plug drilling your ass."



I stared at you for a moment in shock. A tight commanding squeeze of your hand on my thigh told me I had better do as you instructed. I nervously glanced around the restaurant and discreetly tilted myself forward enough to tug my skirt up. The coldness of the booth against my butt cheeks caused me to gasp as I leaned back down into my seat. The plug pressing even harder into my asshole, causing me to squirm a little. I knew my pussy had to be soaked with all this teasing. As a matter of fact, I could feel the moisture of my juices begin to coat my labia. Another tight squeeze on my thigh reminded me that I was supposed to explain these things to you. 



I leaned as close as possible to you and whispered low. "It feels so good with this big plug in my ass. I feel the slightest movement and the longer it stays in, the wetter my pussy gets." 



You smiled approvingly at my words. Just then the waiter returned with our drinks and stood ready to take our order. 



"Oh! But I haven't even had a chance to look at the menu yet." The words stumbled out of my mouth.



"That is okay, sweetie." You said. "I will order for both of us." And with that I felt that sudden pulsing of the clit vibrator as it began to work it's magic on my pussy. I jumped and let out a little squeak...then a louder yelp as the jump caused the plug to shove hard against my ass. The whole time you gave our order I was sitting at your side squirming and trying to hold my composure. The waiter didn't seem to notice my predicament and just when I thought I couldn't handle the pleasure anymore, you pushed the button again and the vibrations ceased. I sighed with relief, yet my clit was swollen and throbbing with desire. 



Just as I thought you couldn't get more daring, your hand found it's way to my thigh once again. Your fingers pressed against my flesh and you whispered quietly. "Part your legs for me, slut. Don't worry. No one can see you from under the table cloth." And with your reassurance I followed your instructions. Leaning back in my seat...my thighs parted eagerly against your touch. Your fingers found their way to my wet pussy lips and you tugged the butterfly vibe free and just tossed it on the floor at our feet. Before I had time to comment, you quickly plunged two fingers into my soaked pussy....fingering and exploring my inner walls. I began to moan and rock forward against your hand and then back again, pushing the plug against my ass. You continued your ministrations, teasing and fucking my pussy with your fingers the whole time we were waiting on our food. Just as I was about to explode in orgasm, you roughly pulled your fingers from within my dripping cunt and smiled up at the waiter who had returned with our order. My face was flushed with pleasure and I dared not look up at the waiter for fear he would realize what exactly was going on beneath that table cloth. The rest of the meal progressed and finished without another 'incident' and as we got up to leave, I smoothed my skirt back down over my hips and glanced down where I had been sitting. I knew it before I even looked at the booth. Right there on the seat was a small spot of liquid where my juices had dripped from within my pussy. You took my arm though and guided me back to the car where we then headed for the club. 



Once inside, you grabbed us some drinks from the bar and we made our way out onto the dance floor. The music was loud, the tempo was hard and fast and I was loving every minute of it. The place was packed with hot and sweaty couples grinding against each other in the most sexually explicit way possible. After about an hour of dancing, we had both worked up quite a sweat. You grabbed my arm and pulled me over to the darkest corner of the club. I looked up at you questioningly but couldn't make out your words as you tried to tell me something. You had picked a spot right behind one of the blaring speakers and the only thing I could hear was the pounding of my heart in my breast. Finally, you grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands and hauled me up close to your face. Your lips a mere breath away from my ear. I heard you plainly that time. "I want to fuck you now, my little slut!" I could feel the hardness between your thighs growing and pressing hard against my navel. "I've teased you all night! And I can't wait any longer! I need to screw my dirty little fuck toy right here...right now!!" And with that you proceeded to hike up my skirt until it was bunched up around my waist. I looked around us nervously...just knowing that any of the people dancing a few feet away from us could see what we were doing. 



You, on the other hand, were oblivious to anything other than your rock hard cock as you freed it from your pants and lifting me up in your arms again, you shoved me hard against the wall before impaling my sopping wet pussy with your thick rod. My arms instinctively went up to your shoulders for support and I screamed out in pleasure as both your cock and the plug were both buried deeply into me. Using the wall behind us for leverage, you then turned your attention to my breasts by completely ripping the front of my blouse away from my flesh. Your hands slid back down to my ass...nails digging deep into my skin while your lips lay claim to my already erect nipples. I tossed my head back and continued to moan and squirm against you. After a minute or two, you finally began to pump your cock in and out of my cunt. Each thrust caused me to scream out in pleasure. You continued to fuck my pussy good and hard...the music blaring on around us. Then unexpectedly, you wrapped your hand in my hair and jerked my head forward...pulling my face down to within inches of your own. You then whispered breathlessly. "Cum with me, my slut. Cum with me now while I shoot my hot load deep into your cunt!" Before I could scream again in ecstasy your lips came crushing down on mine and we began to kiss...long...hard...deep...passionate kiss. I wrapped my arms around your neck and felt my pussy and ass muscles begin to contract in orgasm. Not a moment later I felt the first spurt of your cum gush into my pussy. There we stood...pushed back against the wall, fucking each other's brains out and cumming hard together. Finally, panting hard and dripping sweat, you dropped me down on the floor once more and dragged me to the door of the club. I was so overcome with lust that I failed to notice that my skirt was still up around my waist and my torn blouse did nothing to cover my breasts. 



We finally made it back to your car where you shoved me down over the hood of the vehicle and kicked my legs out wide. I felt your fingers take hold of the "T" shaped base of the plug and then I felt the depressing emptiness as you jerked it free from my ass. I knew what you were going to do...and I wanted it so bad. I don't know where the plug went. I didn't care. All I knew was that within seconds you had your cock buried to the hilt deep into my ass. I began to scream and moan again in pleasure. I could hear your low guttural grunts as you pounded hard into my ass. My pussy and breasts were grinding hard against the cold metal of the car hood and once again I felt myself begin to climax. Only this time, you didn't cum with me. You just kept pounding my ass unbelievably hard and unbelievably fast. I was amazed at your stamina and before I knew it, I had cum two more times!! Then, finally, I felt your cock begin to tighten and twitch as you jerked my hips back one final time and filled my ass with another load of hot cum. Moments later you pulled out of my ass and I felt you shove the plug back into place...holding your cum deep in my ass. I stood up on wavering legs and turned around to face you. I don't think either of us knew the right words to express how we felt about what had just transpired. I straightened myself up as best as possible and you drove me back to my hotel room. We walked to my door and I leaned up and gave you a soft kiss on the lips. 



"That was the best sex I've ever had. Thank you so much." I smiled coyly.



You just grinned that arrogant charming grin and said. "You're welcome, my slut. You better get a good night sleep though because tonight was nothing compared to what I have in store for you tomorrow." Then you winked and strode out the door.



To be continued... 











Chapter 2



"This is your 8 a.m. wake up call."&nbsp; 



The voice on the other end of the phone was way too chipper for

8 o'clock in the morning.&nbsp; Hastily I thanked the hotel clerk for

the call and started to hang up, only to be halted by the too

cheerful voice again.



"Oh and Ma'am?" the clerk said.



"Yes?"&nbsp; I cringed at the title.&nbsp; Lord knows I hate being called

Ma'am!



"You have a message.&nbsp; Someone named Brian left it late last

night.&nbsp; It says he will be here to pick you up at noon today."&nbsp; 



The groggy fog of sleep suddenly lifted at that news.&nbsp; Once

again I quickly thanked the clerk and hung the phone up.&nbsp; Noon? 

I had a lot to do if I wanted to be ready in time.&nbsp; After a long

soak in the tub to loosen up all my tense muscles from the

previous night, I wrapped the big fluffy towel around me and

collapsed on the bed...daydreaming of our encounter the night

before.&nbsp; My fingers drifted carelessly between my legs as I

thought of you taking me in the club.&nbsp; I began rubbing my hard

little clit while remembering the great ass fucking we had on

the hood of your car.&nbsp; 



"Uhhh!&nbsp; I need to cum!"&nbsp; I moaned to no one in particular.&nbsp; 



I scrambled up from the bed and wasted no time in finding my

small travel size vibrator I had tucked down in the side of my

suitcase.&nbsp; I lay back on the bed with my towel open and my legs

splayed wide.&nbsp; The tiny vibrator hummed to life as I pressed it

against my clit.&nbsp; My other hand went to work on my nipples,

pinching and twisting and pulling the hard little buds.&nbsp; The

vibe wandered on down and with a deep moan of pleasure, I pushed

it into my slippery pussy.&nbsp; Although the vibe was small in size,

it still packed a powerful punch.&nbsp; I turned my attentions to my

clit, rubbing it furiously as I fucked myself with the vibrator.

 I could feel my orgasm getting closer and closer as I hovered

right on the edge of ecstacy.&nbsp; Finally, unable to take it any

longer, I jerked the vibe out of my pussy and rubbed it hard

against my clit until I began to cum.&nbsp; My muscles tightened and

my legs squeezed together as the orgasm overcame me.&nbsp; 



Reluctantly, and with a sigh, I pulled my fingers and the vibe

back from my now soaked pussy and sat up, realizing I needed to

get my butt in gear if I wanted to be ready in time.&nbsp; 



After rummaging through my suitcase and fighting with the

tangles in my long brown hair, I was finally ready.&nbsp; Standing in

front of the full length mirror I surveyed my appearance.&nbsp; I

hadn't applied any make-up today and was going for more of a

natural look.&nbsp; I let my hair fall loose down my back.&nbsp; Not

knowing what you had in store for me today, I dressed simply. 

The pale yellow tank top was form fitting to my body and

followed by a light and airy skirt that fell just above my knee.

 Knowing your preference for no underwear, I once again left off

the panties and bra.&nbsp; A pair of strappy leather sandals

completed the outfit. Smiling satisfactorily, I glanced at my

watch...noting the time was 11:45 a.m.&nbsp; I grabbed my purse and

headed out to get a quick cup of coffee while I wait for you to

arrive.&nbsp; 



I ran across the street to the nearest convenience store and

ended up striking up a conversation with the cashier.&nbsp; She'd

immediately recognized my Southern accent and just had to know

where I was from.&nbsp; She was pleasant enough so I indulged her,

telling her about how beautiful it was in Georgia.&nbsp; In the

middle of sipping my coffee and her asking if I was going to be

in town long, I glanced up at the clock behind the counter and

was immediately hit with panic.&nbsp; It was 12:05.&nbsp; I hurriedly

excused myself and made a beeline back to my hotel.&nbsp; Flushed and

out of breath I came to a halt in front of your car.&nbsp; There you

stood leaning against the door, arms crossed and looking at me

sternly.&nbsp; I forced a small smile and managed to get within 3

feet of you before your gaze stopped me in my tracks.



"How long have you been waiting for me?"&nbsp; I stammered.



"7 minutes." Your tone was flat and even.&nbsp; "What time did you

wake up this morning, pet?" 



I tried my hardest to conceal the warm smile upon hearing you

refer to me as pet.&nbsp; "I got my wake-up call at 8 a.m."&nbsp; I

mumbled.



"So you had 4 hours to get ready for me and you waited until the

last minute to get some coffee?&nbsp; Do you like keeping me

waiting?"&nbsp; You still hadn't moved a muscle as you continued to

lean against the car.



"No!"&nbsp; I immediately went to defend myself.&nbsp; "I mean, I just

didn't think of it until..."



"There can be no excuses when you had 4 hours to prepare!"&nbsp; I

jumped and dropped my coffee as your hard voice cut me off. 



"I know.&nbsp; I'm sorry you had to wait." I managed. 



"Yes, well I am going to have to make sure you truly are sorry

now aren't I?"&nbsp; You strode over to me and grabbed me by the back

of the neck.&nbsp; Your long fingers cutting into my soft flesh.&nbsp; My

eyes closed and chills went down my spine as you whispered

harshly into my ear.



"You have to be punished, pet.&nbsp; I went easy on you last night

since it was our first meeting, but you knew what you were in

for when you agreed to visit me."



My whole body froze on the spot as your words sunk in.&nbsp; You were

right of course.&nbsp; We had played at the whole BDSM thing for

months online and I was very eager to take that step into the

real world with my submissiveness.&nbsp; All I could do was nod my

head in acknowledgement as you stood over me.&nbsp; Then, quickly,

you let go of my neck and grabbed my hand...guiding me over to

the passenger side of the car and opening the door for me.&nbsp; You

never uttered another word until about 20 minutes later when we

were speeding down the highway.&nbsp; I sat quietly at your side and

held my breath when you finally began to speak again.



"I thought we would spend the day at my house, playing and

exploring each other.&nbsp; You are only here for such a short time. 

I want to make sure you leave completely satisfied with your

little vacation."



"That sounds like a good idea."&nbsp; I glanced over at you and noted

your more relaxed expression.&nbsp; Without taking your eyes off the

road your right hand snaked it's way up my thigh and squeezed

possessively.



"You WILL be punished, pet.&nbsp; Don't think I've forgotten that." 

Your grip on my thigh tightened even more as you continued. 

"Before we get to my home, I want to make sure you have thought

of a good safeword to use in case any of this gets to be too

much for you to handle.&nbsp; You must know though that although I

will heed your safeword without question, you are not allowed

such a luxury when it comes to your punishment.&nbsp; Do you

understand?"



"Yes, I understand."&nbsp; My heart was pounding in anticipation. 

"How about banana?&nbsp; Will that work for a safeword?"&nbsp; It felt

silly saying it but I knew without a doubt that it was a good

idea to always have a safeword on hand.&nbsp; 



"Banana will work just fine.&nbsp; Just don't forget it."&nbsp; Your hand

released it's grip on my thigh before sliding up even further

beneath my skirt.&nbsp; I saw your smile of approval as your fingers

found my bare pussy.&nbsp; "Good girl."



Oh lord, who knew that those two innocent words of praise could

do so much to a girl.&nbsp; My thighs parted to allow you full access

to my pussy.&nbsp; You continued to tease me for the rest of the

ride...keeping me in a constant state of arousal but never

allowing me to cum.&nbsp; We finally pulled into your driveway at

nearly 1 p.m.&nbsp; You guided me into the house and took a few

minutes to show me around.&nbsp; 



"Would you care for a drink?"&nbsp; You smiled charmingly.



"No, thanks.&nbsp; I'm fine."&nbsp; 



I sat on the sofa, glancing around the classically decorated

room.&nbsp; You disappeared for a few minutes and when you returned I

noticed a length of rope in one hand and a small round paddle in

the other.&nbsp; Immediately my body tensed upon seeing the items and

knowing what they were going to be used for.&nbsp; You sat down on

the sofa beside me and took my hands...wrapping the rope around

my wrists several times and tied it off with a neat knot.&nbsp; Next

you rose from the sofa and used the rope to pull me up with you

until I stood mere inches from your body.&nbsp; You looked me

directly in the eyes and spoke calmly but sternly.



"It's time for your punishment, pet.&nbsp; I want to make sure you

are clear on everything that is about to happen."&nbsp; I could only

nod as you spoke...completely transfixed by your voice.&nbsp; "You

kept me waiting at the hotel and you know you must be punished. 

You need to learn respect for MY valuable time.&nbsp; I am going to

bend you over my knee and paddle your bottom until I feel you

have sufficiently learned your lesson.&nbsp; Do you understand?"



I nodded my head once again and swallowed hard to try and push

the fear down that kept creeping up into my throat.



"Good."&nbsp; And with that you sat back down on the edge of the sofa

and pulled me over your knees.&nbsp; My bound arms dangled uselessly

over my head and I immediately felt helpless and vulnerable in

this position.&nbsp; I felt your hands roaming over my ass, tugging

at the thin material of my skirt until it was bunched up around

my waist.&nbsp; Here I lay, a grown woman, bound and bare assed

across a man's knee.&nbsp; But all I could think of was how I

deserved this.&nbsp; I knew I shouldn't have kept you waiting.&nbsp; It

was thoughtless of me.&nbsp; Your hand gently caressed my soft skin,

sending small jolts of pleasure over my ass.&nbsp; 



"Are you ready, pet?"&nbsp; You asked.&nbsp; 



"Yes, I'm ready."&nbsp; And with that I felt the first sharp sting of

the paddle as it came down on my cheeks.&nbsp; Naturally I jumped in

response and tried to wiggle away from the offending implement. 

You were too strong for me though and I felt your grip tighten

around my waist to hold me in place.&nbsp; The next several blows

came down in rapid succession.&nbsp; By now I was gritting my teeth

against the heat beginning to take over my ass.&nbsp; You paused

momentarily to gently rub my pinkening skin, only to continue

seconds later with another rain of blows.&nbsp; The paddle

alternating cheeks with each resounding smack.&nbsp; 



"Owww!!!"&nbsp; I yelped in pain and tried, to no avail, to escape

the blasted paddle.&nbsp; The blows continued and my ass was now on

fire.&nbsp; I moaned and whimpered and cried out inbetween each loud

smack.&nbsp; Finally with tears in my eyes and my bottom throbbing

ever so painfully, the punishment ended.&nbsp; I tried hard to blink

away the tears as you stood me back up, my skirt still bunched

around my waist.&nbsp; 



"Have you learned your lesson, pet?"&nbsp; Your thumbs went up to

gently wipe the tears from my eyes.



"Y-y-y-es."&nbsp; I stuttered.&nbsp; Knowing the worst was over but still

feeling compelled to cry harder.&nbsp; The tears streamed down my

cheeks as you pulled me over and turned my back to a nearby

mirror.&nbsp; 



"I want you to look back here at your bright red ass and

remember that I won't be so gentle next time."



My head twisted around to look in the mirror and my eyes widened

at the sight of my ass.&nbsp; Both cheeks were a dark fiery red and

small welts were already forming in certain spots.&nbsp; I winced in

pain as your rough hand went down to caress my sore ass.&nbsp; I knew

without a doubt that I would be feeling that tomorrow!&nbsp; 



"You were such a good girl during your punishment.&nbsp; Are you

ready to have some fun now?"&nbsp; You playfully pinched my ass,

causing me to squeal and leap forward.&nbsp; I couldn't help but

giggle in relief as I nodded my head.&nbsp; I was so ready for some

fun, and I would never forget my first punishment.&nbsp; 



To be continued... 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ~hellish one~


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





