BDSM Library - The Scythian Academy




The Scythian Academy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of a family that discovered principles of female domination when their children were sent to the Scythian Academy, a school where girls are taught to become the leaders of the future, and boys are trained to serve.


  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Preface
This story is copyright 2006 by the author.&nbsp; All rights
reserved.&nbsp; Please contact the author at LadyDena [at] hotmail
[dot] com if you would like to request permission to copy, archive,
distribute, or do anything else with this story that requires the
author's permission under copyright law.
This story is a work of fiction about males being abused, dominated,
and humiliated in a school environment.&nbsp; Unless you enjoy reading
about this sort of thing, you probably will not enjoy this story.&nbsp;
Any resemblance between the events in this story and actual events are
purely coincidental.&nbsp; Although the author hopes that readers enjoy
fanaticizing about the activities depicted in this story, the author in
no way endorses actually engaging in them. 
The author wishes to thank the many forerunners in the "abusive
schoolteacher" genre, including Pluto and, most especially, The
Principal, for inspiration and encouragement.
Your comments are welcome. I will continue posting only as long you
remain interested in reading, and I remain interested in writing.





  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Chapter 1
Although Grant Johnson may have been a devoted husband and a loving
father, he spent at least nine hours each day confined in a steel and
glass prison where he trudged away for his corporate
masters.&nbsp; He did this, he often told himself, so that he could
provide a good life for his wife Cindy, his daughter Dena, and his son
Victor.&nbsp; On some level, however, he knew better.&nbsp; Although it
was true that as the man of the family it was his role to be the beast
of burden who toils endlessly to support the lifestyle his family had
grown accustomed to, there was more to it than money.
The reason he got up early each morning, donned a suit and tie, and
fought through rush hour traffic along with millions of his fellow
wage-slaves was because his job gave him a sense of identity.&nbsp; Who
he was in the Company was who he was as a man.&nbsp; He had been chosen
over his office rival Danny Dexminster for promotion to Assistant
Regional Marketing Manager, so he was a better man than Danny.&nbsp;
Mr. Nelson, the Vice President of Marketing, ranked Grant, so Mr.
Nelson was a better man than Grant.&nbsp; Grant, like his colleagues,
was motivated by the ancient primal urge to become the alpha male of
the pack. &nbsp;
At the moment, Grant&#8217;s quest to acquire status within the company
was
not going well.&nbsp; Mr. Nelson was sitting with his entourage in the
conference room where Grant was giving a presentation.&nbsp; As he
spoke, flipping through his notes and charts, he couldn't help but
notice Jody, the petite brunette sitting two seats away from Mr.
Nelson.&nbsp; At 5'2", with her small frame and firm, B-cup breasts,
Jody could have passed for a 16-year-old physically, but her intellect
dwarfed that of any of the men in the room.&nbsp; To make matters
worse, she seemed to have an uncanny ability to make any male,
especially Grant, into a horny, blubbering fool with a mere glance.
Grant wanted nothing more than to run his fingers through Jody's
shiny,
radiant hair . . . to slowly stroke her flawless body with his hands .
. . to fill his hands with her perky breasts . . . to fondle her until
she spreads her legs wide apart so that he can find a home between her
perf . . .
"PLEASE CONTINUE with your presentation Mr. Johnson," said Mr.
Nelson
impatiently.&nbsp; "I haven't got all day to watch you sift through
your notes.&nbsp; You should have been prepared."
"Sorry sir," replied Grant.&nbsp; Think!&nbsp; Where was he? Where
was
he?
Time to stall.&nbsp; "We are all proud of what we accomplished in
the
month of June, and I can see no reason why similar performance cannot
be expected in the future.&nbsp; If we . . ."
"You just got done telling me that sales DECLINED in the month of
June," interrupted Mr. Nelson in an annoyed tone.&nbsp; "You can't
honestly be saying that you're proud of that."
"Well, er, what I meant was that the numbers in June could be . . .
er
could be . . ." DAMN that Jody was hot.&nbsp; She was glancing directly
at Grant, smiling as him and playing with her hair, and Grant's cock
was growing harder by the moment.&nbsp;&nbsp; He wanted to lay Jody
across the conference table right now and fuck her until he collapsed
from exhaustion.&nbsp; At that particular moment, nothing else seemed
to matter.&nbsp; Job, family, life -- irrelevant.&nbsp; It took all his
effort just to restrain himself.
"Could be what, Mr. Johnson?"&nbsp; asked Mr. Nelson.&nbsp; After an
uncomfortable silence that seemed like an eternity, Grant heard Jody's
brassy voice saying "I think if we could just negotiate a reduced rate
on our ad buy in the Houston area by taking competitive bids from local
. . ."&nbsp;&nbsp; Jody was leaning forward slightly as she spoke, as
if, thought Grant, she was anticipating a kiss.&nbsp; An open-mouthed
kiss.&nbsp; Grant could just catch a glimpse of her cleavage.&nbsp;
Round, perky breasts.&nbsp; One for each hand to play with, thought
Grant.&nbsp; Better still, his cock would fit nicely between Jody's
adorable mounds, and Jody would look good nude, on the floor, with her
chest covered in his cum.&nbsp; That thought caused an immediate
reaction in Grant's cock, and somewhere beneath his trousers a tiny
drop of pre-cum was absorbed by his cotton briefs.
"Excellent idea!" said Mr.&nbsp; Nelson, suddenly interrupting
Grant's
train of thought.&nbsp; "What do you think, Mr. Johnson?"&nbsp; Grant,
of course, had been so dazzled by Jody's feminine prowess that he had
missed the majority of what she had said.
"Sounds, er, like an excellent idea, sir," replied Grant, who could
think of nothing better to say. &nbsp;
"Good," replied Mr. Nelson mockingly.&nbsp; "That's the first
sensible
thing I've heard you say all day.&nbsp; It's settled then."&nbsp; Mr.
Nelson and his entourage stood and started packing up.&nbsp; The
meeting was over.&nbsp; A decision had been made.&nbsp; If only Grant
had paid enough attention to know what that decision was.&nbsp; Grant
simply stood dumbfounded as Mr. Nelson, Jody, and the other
participants at the meeting filed out of the room.
Later that day Grant was toiling in his office when Jody walked
in.&nbsp; Grant was startled when she walked in.&nbsp; He almost
jumped.&nbsp; Jody had unbuttoned one the top buttons of her blouse,
and it seemed that her skirt was an inch or two shorter, showing a bit
more of her sexy legs.&nbsp; Well . . . maybe he was imagining the bit
about her skirt, but that button was definitely unbuttoned.&nbsp; The
sleeping giant in Grant's pants suddenly awakened.
Damn that Jody!&nbsp; Did she KNOW what she did to him?
"A penny for your thoughts?" asked Jody sweetly.
"Eh," replied Grant.
"You seemed a bit . . . distracted at the meeting this morning,"
said
Jody.
"Er, yeah.&nbsp; I had, eh, a lot on my mind," said Grant.
Jody grinned, and looked deep into Grant's eyes.&nbsp; "Like what,
Grant?" she asked.
"Like . . . er . . . stuff . . . er. . . that's going on . . . er .
. .
"
Jody picked up a letter that was laying on Grant's desk, glanced at
it,
and said, "Like Little Victor getting in trouble at school again?"
&nbsp;
Jody had picked up a note that Victor's teacher had sent home with
him,
complaining about various behavior problems that Victor had, and
expressing concern about Victor's low academic performance.&nbsp; Grant
liked to keep such matters private, but Jody's feminine charms were
such that he was not capable of keeping a secret from her.
"Yeah," replied Grant, "Victor and Dena are both having trouble at
school.&nbsp; Victor won't do his homework, and his teacher's
constantly complaining about how he goofs off in class.&nbsp; Dena
behaves okay, but I think she's bored.&nbsp; She's a bright girl and
they've been dumbing things down lately, so she just doesn't seem that
excited about school anymore."
"Ever thought of private school?" asked Jody.
"Know of any good ones?&nbsp; I'll try anything," replied Grant,
grateful to finally be talking about something that might, possibly,
take his mind of Jody's body.&nbsp; Her cute, petite body.&nbsp; Her,
hourglass curves.&nbsp; Her perfectly proportioned round ass.&nbsp; Her
. . .
While Grant was fantasizing about Jody's anatomy, Jody produced a
glossy, color brochure and handed it to Grant.&nbsp; "The Scythian
Academy -- my alma mater.&nbsp; Best education out there."
Grant barely glanced at the brochure and read aloud, "'Dedicated to
the
ideal of feminine empowerment.' Sounds great for Dena, but what about
Victor?"
"Oh, they take boys too," replied Jody nonchalantly.&nbsp; "They're
especially good with boys like Victor."
"Well," replied Grant, "any school that can put Victor on the right
path is sounds good to me.&nbsp; I'll show this to Cindy
tonight."&nbsp; Grant closed the brochure and placed it in his
briefcase.
When Grant got home that evening, he showed the brochure to Cindy,
just
as he said he would.&nbsp; Although Grant had given the brochure only a
cursory glance, Cindy seemed enamored with it.&nbsp;&nbsp; She read and
reread every word of the document, and gave it the respect and
attention one would normally give only to a great, classical work of
literature.&nbsp; The more Cindy studied the brochure, the more of a
liking she took to the idea of sending Dena and Victor to the Scythian
Academy.
After re-reading the brochure for what seemed like the millionth
time,
Cindy said to Grant, "It looks like the Scythian Academy is just what
Dena and Victor need.&nbsp; I only wish I had found out about it
sooner.&nbsp; Lets sign them up right now!"
"I don't know," replied Grant.&nbsp; "We should at least check the
place out first.&nbsp; For all we know, all that stuff in the brochure
could just be a bunch of window dressing."
"I don't see how THAT could be," said Cindy.&nbsp; "Anyway, the
meeting
for mothers of prospective students is next Wednesday afternoon.&nbsp;
That should tell me everything I need to know."
"Next Wednesday afternoon . . ." mumbled Grant, as he thumbed
through
his personal date book, "what time is it, Hun?&nbsp; I've got a 3
o'clock that day but I can probably move it to . . ."
"Oh come on Grant," interrupted Cindy, "You know it's only for
mothers.&nbsp; The meetings for fathers come . . . later." &nbsp;
Grant, in fact, did not know that.&nbsp; But admitting to that would
have meant admitting that he hadn't read the brochure (and, in turn,
that he was more interested in Jody's physical attributes than in any
written material she might have for him).&nbsp; Grant did not want to
do that, so he tried to resolve the situation by changing the subject.
"Well . . . let me know what you find out," said Grant.
"Of course," replied Cindy, with a grin.
Cindy went to the Scythian Academy the following Wednesday, and did
not
return home until late that evening.&nbsp; By the time Cindy got home,
Grant was already in bed, asleep, dreaming pleasant dreams of himself
enjoying the company of various attractive women, both real and
imaginary.&nbsp; Cindy showered, dried herself, sprayed herself with
modest amounts of her finest perfume, and donned a bright red negligee
that had been designed to emphasize her best feminine attributes. &nbsp;
She then entered the bedroom and swiftly threw the blanket and
sheets
off the bed, to reveal Grant's completely naked body, and his fully
erect cock.&nbsp; "Excellent," thought Cindy, "my work is halfway done."
Cindy sat on top of Grant's thighs, encircling her legs around
them.&nbsp; As she looked directly into Grant's still-closed eyes, she
gently stroked the bottom of his cock with her fingernail.&nbsp; This,
of course, created more than enough stimulation to immediately wake
Grant.
"Huh?" Grant grunted incoherently, seeing his amazingly seductively
dressed wife sitting on top of him. &nbsp;
"Hi sweetie," Cindy cooed.&nbsp; "Having pleasant dreams?"
"Er . . ."
"What'cha dreaming about?" asked Cindy in a playful sing-song.
"Well, er . . . I er . . ." The last thing Grant wanted to tell his
wife was that he had been dreaming about having sex with other women.
&nbsp;
Cindy held Grant's cock between two fingers, and began rubbing his
shaft up and down, ever so slowly.&nbsp; Grant became more sexually
excited than he could ever remember himself being.&nbsp; Cindy suddenly
stopped, and grabbed Grant's cock with her right hand and squeezed.
"You been dreaming about me?" asked Cindy.
"Yeah, yeah, I've been dreaming about you all night.&nbsp; Only you
baby," said Grant quickly.
Cindy loosened her grip, and began gently massaging Grant's balls
with
two of her fingers.&nbsp; "Do you love me?" asked Cindy, as she began
manipulating Grant's balls slightly more vigorously.
"Of course babe!" answered Grant.
Cindy grabbed Grant's balls in her right hand.&nbsp; "Would you do
anything for me?" asked Cindy.
"Yeah, baby, anything."
Cindy let go, and stood up.&nbsp; As Grant suddenly sat up on the
bed,
Cindy shoved him back down with one firm push and said sternly "You
wait here!"&nbsp; She then flicked his cock with her finger.
Grant waited, lying on his back with his cock rock-hard, for what
seemed like an eternity.&nbsp; Cindy returned with a long document full
of small print, and handed it to Grant with a pen.&nbsp; "Just sign
this," she said, "and then we can take care of your little hard-on."
Grant picked up the document and began to read it.&nbsp; It was full
of
incomprehensible legal gobbledygook -- something about "full power of
attorney . . . en loco parentus . . . waiver of custodial rights . . .
authority to administer all forms or corporal . . ."
Cindy suddenly slapped Grant's cock with her open hand.&nbsp; "Just
sign," she ordered firmly, as she grabbed Grant's balls in her hand and
began to squeeze.
Grant signed.&nbsp; He didn't know what he was signing -- all he
knew
was that he wanted sex.&nbsp; Now.&nbsp; No matter what.
Cindy took the document, and said "Good boy," in the tone of voice
one
would normally use on a dog.&nbsp; She placed the document on top of a
nearby dresser, and then began to slowly remove her negligee, to reveal
a nude female form, the mere sight of which would arouse any
male.&nbsp; Especially Grant.
Cindy rewarded Grant for his obedience by climbing on top of him and
fucking his cock slowly and gently -- stimulating him but not allowing
him to cum.&nbsp; Unlike all of the previous occasions when Cindy and
Grant had had sex, Cindy was on top.&nbsp; She was in the dominant
position, and She was in control.&nbsp; It was not until Grant seemed
on the verge of exploding that Cindy finally, mercifully, pushed Grant
over the edge. &nbsp;
It was the best sex either of them had ever had.





  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Chapter 2
If, as the old saying goes, "the hand that rocks the cradle is the
hand
that rules the world," then Cindy was the undisputed ruler of the world
inside the Johnson household.&nbsp; As any good anthropologist knows,
every marriage necessarily involves both a division of labor and a
corresponding division of power.&nbsp;&nbsp; Grant's role was to
provide for the family economically -- toiling endlessly in an attempt
to supply it with whatever material possessions it needed or
desired.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although Cindy had, at various times, proven
herself quite adept at generating income when she wished, the ultimate
burden of providing for the family's financial needs was Grant's to
bear.
Cindy's task was to take charge of the children, and she approached
that task with great vigor.&nbsp; Grant may have occasionally taken an
interest in what direction the children's upbringing took, and he may
have even made a rare token contribution -- like when he brought home
the Scythian Academy pamphlet.&nbsp; But, whether Grant realized it or
not, Cindy's word was ultimately law when it came to the
children.&nbsp; If Grant saw himself as the "man of the house," then it
was only because he was harboring an illusion that he was too dull to
recognize as such. &nbsp;
Cindy took charge of preparing the children to attend the Scythian
Academy.&nbsp; It was she who enrolled them, paid their tuition (out of
Grant's earnings), and bought their books and school supplies.&nbsp; It
was also she who measured their young bodies and ordered their
custom-made school uniforms.&nbsp; The Scythian Academy, it seemed, had
strict requirements governing how their students dressed, and it did
business with only one uniform manufacturer.
When the uniforms arrived, Cindy required Victor and Dena to retire
to
their respective rooms and try them on.&nbsp; They did so -- Dena to
her immaculately well kept quarters, and Victor to his own cluttered,
disorderly mess of a room.&nbsp; Dena was the first to emerge.&nbsp;
She wore a plaid skirt, cut a few inches above the knee, and a white
blouse -- showing just enough cleavage to stimulate the male
imagination.&nbsp; It was a decent, respectable uniform for a student,
and Dena seemed pleased to wear it.&nbsp; Cindy, for her part, could
not recall when she had been more proud of her daughter.
Victor's uniform consisted of pair of skin-tight, pastel blue
shorts,
and a pink tank top with the word "Boy" prominently stenciled in black
on the back.&nbsp; "This is embarrassing," thought Victor.&nbsp; "They
really expect me to wear this?"
"That's okay," he replied to himself.&nbsp; "I'll just humor Mom for
now, and then I'll bring some more fashionable clothes to school with
me." &nbsp;
Victor walked tentatively out of his room and into the hallway,
wearing
his new uniform.&nbsp; He saw his mother smiling as him.&nbsp; He then
glanced at Dena, in her short plaid skirt and her white uniform blouse,
and his mother's smile quickly faded.
Although Victor's mind was well aware of the fact that Dena was his
sister, his cock was not.&nbsp; As far as his cock was concerned, Dena
was simply a pretty, young female with long dirty-blonde hair, a pair
of firm, well formed breasts, and a smooth, flawless pair of legs that
led to a place where his cock desperately wanted to go.&nbsp;&nbsp; Had
Victor been wearing a normal pair of loose-fitting trousers, his
aroused state might have gone undetected.&nbsp; His tight-fitting
uniform shorts, however, displayed his hard-on for all the world to see.
"Eeew!"&nbsp; exclaimed Dena as soon as she noticed Victor's hard
cock.&nbsp; "That's disgusting."
Cindy immediately shunted Victor back into the room and shut the
door
behind her.&nbsp; "How DARE you embarrass your sister like that!"&nbsp;
said Cindy harshly.&nbsp; "What on earth were you thinking?"
"I, er . . . I couldn't help it Mom," replied Victor, obviously
embarrassed. &nbsp;
"Well, I can't have you go to the Scythian Academy in that state,
can
I?"
"I. . er . . . er," stammered Victor.&nbsp; He didn't have any idea
what to say.&nbsp; The situation left his speechless.
"Look.&nbsp; That hard-on has GOT TO GO before you get to school, or
you'll just end up embarrassing yourself in front of everybody.&nbsp;
So we need to take care of it now.&nbsp; Take off your shorts."
"What?!"&nbsp; exclaimed Victor.
"Take off your shorts, and jerk yourself off right now.&nbsp; Move
it.&nbsp; We have to leave soon."
"No," said Victor incredulously.&nbsp;&nbsp; Having to wear that
humiliating uniform around the house was bad enough, but he wasn't
about to masturbate in front of his own mother.&nbsp; That was just too
much.
"TAKE OFF YOUR SHORTS!" said Cindy, with something like real
anger.&nbsp; Victor's only response was to turn away from his mother.
Cindy left Victor's room and immediately placed a call to the
Principal
of the Scythian Academy and briefly explained the situation.&nbsp; The
Principal listened patently and reassured Cindy, "Don't worry Ms.
Johnson, you did the right thing.&nbsp; Obviously, you have Victor's
best interests at heart."
"Of course," replied Cindy, "but what do I do?"
"Don't worry about it.&nbsp; I'll send some of my staff down to pick
Victor up and transport him to school.&nbsp; He'll be all right.&nbsp;
You just bring Dena."
"All right.&nbsp; Sorry for the trouble.&nbsp; Victor can be such a
handful."
"He just needs . . . discipline," replied the Principal.&nbsp; "We
know
how to deal with boys like him here."
"Of course," replied Cindy, "and thank you."
Ten minutes later, four young, gorgeous women stormed into Victor's
bedroom carrying a 5'x5'x5' opaque metal box.&nbsp; Together, before
Victor realized what was happening, they tackled Victor and began
undressing him.&nbsp; Of course, being tackled and undressed by four
beautiful women immediately made Victor's cock as hard as it had ever
been, but his tormentors paid no attention -- they were
professionals.&nbsp; They simply lifted Victor up, folded him into the
box, and locked him in.&nbsp; Victor felt himself being carried out of
his house and placed inside a vehicle of some sort (he supposed it
might be a van), and then he passed out.


 content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Chapter 3
Victor did not come to until the box was re-opened an indeterminate
amount of time later.&nbsp; When light started to flood the box he was
crunched up in it took a moment for him to shake the cobwebs out of his
head.&nbsp; The first thing he noticed was that he was naked, folded up
in a box.&nbsp; Fortunately, his once-erect cock was now mercifully
flaccid. &nbsp;
The second thing Victor noticed was that he was in a location that
was
completely unfamiliar to him.&nbsp; He looked around, and saw that he
was in a small, windowless room with walls of unpainted cinderblock,
and a heavy medal door on one end.&nbsp; He glanced around and saw a
small chest of drawers and two small desks crowded against one of the
walls.&nbsp; Against the opposite wall was a simple, metal bunk bed
with two bunks.&nbsp; Sitting on the bottom bunk was young, shapely
woman with an unmistakably stern expression on her face.&nbsp; She wore
a tight-fitting leather business suit, which emphasized her ample
feminine attributes.&nbsp; Victor did not know whether he should fear
her, or covet her.&nbsp; His cock, always with a mind of its own,
decided that it desired her and became hard quickly.
"Get up Victor," the woman ordered.&nbsp; Victor complied, not
knowing
what else to do.
"Welcome to the Scythian Academy, Victor.&nbsp; I am Ms. Kester, the
den-mother."
"Den mother?" asked Victor.
"I am in charge of making sure the boys in this dormitory wing
behave
themselves, and follow the rules.&nbsp; Break any school rules in this
dormitory wing, and you will have ME to answer to."
"Rules?" asked Victor.
Ms. Kester produced a thick volume, the size of a major city's
telephone directory, and threw it down at Victor's feet.&nbsp; It
landed with a loud THUD.&nbsp; "These," said Ms. Kester, "are the Rules
of Conduct at the Scythian Academy.&nbsp; Study these well, as even the
smallest deviation from the rules will result in serious punishment."
"Er . . . okay."&nbsp; Victor moved to pick up the book.
"NOT so fast," snapped Ms. Kester.&nbsp; "You are already breaking
the
rules.&nbsp; When a den-mother gives you a command, you are to respond
properly.&nbsp; The proper response is 'yes Ms. Kester.'&nbsp;
Understand?"
"Yeah, I understand."
"WHAT?"
"Er . . . 'yes Ms. Kester.'"
"That's better, but you will still be punished for your prior
disobedience.&nbsp; We do not tolerate disobedience here at Scythian."
"For example," continued Ms. Kester, "I understand you had to be
brought here, at great inconvenience to our staff, in this metal box
because you DISOBEYED your mother.&nbsp; Isn't that right?"
"Er . . . no Ms. Kester," replied Victor.&nbsp; "I mean, she wanted
me
to er . . .&nbsp; t-t-t . . .er . . . "
"Touch yourself?" asked Ms. Kester.
"Yes Ms. Kester," replied Victor.
"I see," said Ms. Kester.&nbsp; "Why did you disobey her?" she asked
coldly.
"W-w-w-well it's jjju-st that I didn't want to - to - to . . .
"&nbsp;
Victor stammered.&nbsp; The truth was that he was embarrassed by the
prospect of masturbating in front of his mother, but he felt foolish
saying that as he stood naked, with a hard-on, in front of this
woman.&nbsp; This was a level of embarrassment that Victor had never
previously contemplated.
"Didn't want to," interrupted Ms. Kester.&nbsp; "I can see that you
have a lot to learn.&nbsp; Come over here and bend yourself over my
knee." &nbsp;
Victor complied.
SMACK!&nbsp; Ms. Kester's bare hand struck Victor's bare ass with
more
force that Victor thought was possible.
SMACK!&nbsp; This was the first time Victor had ever been
spanked.&nbsp; He didn't realize hot much it HURT.
SMACK!&nbsp; Just be quiet.&nbsp; Don't cry out.&nbsp; It will all
be
over soon.
SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!
Each spanking was more painful, as Victor's ass turned red and
painful.&nbsp; Despite the pain, Victor found the prospect of lying on
the lap of a beautiful woman being spanked terribly exciting, and his
cock got harder and harder with each blow.&nbsp; Eventually, Ms. Kester
stopped.
"Stand up Victor," ordered Ms. Kester.&nbsp; Victor immediately
complied.
"Have you learned your lesson?" she asked.
"Yes Ms. Kester," replied Victor, submissively.
"Are you ready to obey?"
"Yes Ms. Kester."
"Good.&nbsp; Now, stroke yourself."
"WHAT?"&nbsp; exclaimed Victor -- momentarily forgetting the pain on
his backside.
"Are you LOOKING for another spanking Victor?" asked Ms. Kester
sharply.
"Er. . . no Ms. Kester," Victor reluctantly touched his cock, and
slowly began stroking it.
Presently, Victor forgot where he was, forgot the pain on his red
ass,
and even forgot Ms. Kester.&nbsp; He entire attention was dominated by
stroking his cock.&nbsp; His cock, at that moment, was his universe,
and it demanded satisfaction.&nbsp; A moment later, a thick white
geyser erupted from Victor.
Ms. Kester nodded, and threw a cold, damp cloth at Victor.&nbsp;
"Clean
yourself up," she ordered, and left, locking the door behind her.


h at Victor.&nbsp;
"Clean
yourself up," she ordered, and left, locking the door behind her.





  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Chapter 4
The difference between humans and animals lies in how they respond
to
changes in their environments.&nbsp; Animals adapt to their
environments -- altering themselves to accommodate the world around
them.&nbsp; If it grows cold, an animal might adapt by altering its
body and growing extra fur.&nbsp; If there is a shortage of food in the
winter, an animal might adapt by altering its behavior and sleeping
through the season, or migrating to a warmer climate until
spring.&nbsp; Animals, in short, survive by changing themselves.
Humans, on the other hand, do not alter themselves to accommodate
their
environments -- as a human living in the frosty tundra is, for all
practical purposes, no different from a human living in the Sahara
desert.&nbsp; Humans differ from animals in that they have learned to
change their environment to accommodate their needs.&nbsp; If there is
not enough vegetation growing from the ground to feed a human, the
human will simply alter the ground around him by building a farm.&nbsp;
If the ground is too dry for a farm, a human will alter it further by
irrigating it.&nbsp; When it is too cold, the human does not grow fur;
instead, it equips its habitat with central heating.&nbsp; Such is the
human's unique approach to meeting the challenges presented by its
environment.
For boys attending the Scythian Academy, it is impossible to be
human,
as they have no way to exercise control over their environment.
Eventually, after a period of futile attempts to follow the human
model, boys will try to alter themselves to accommodate their
environment -- the animal model.&nbsp;&nbsp; They soon learn that the
women who operate the Scythian Academy are so skilled at manipulating
the environment that even by reverting to animal status boys can never
truly adapt.&nbsp; So they revert to something else.&nbsp; Something
even lower than "animal."
In his first days at the Scythian Academy, Victor, like all new
males,
was trying to be human and failing miserably.&nbsp; Arriving naked in a
metal box, only to be greeted by a spanking, did not help matters
any.&nbsp; After Ms. Kester the Den Mother left Victor's room, Victor
surveyed his surroundings in an attempt to find a way to adapt them to
suit his needs.
He first evaluated his situation.&nbsp; He was alone, naked, and
locked
in a prison-like cinderblock room.&nbsp; Surely, they did not expect
him to attend classes without clothes, did they?&nbsp; If they did,
then he would simply remain in his room, under the cover of his
bedlinens, until clothing of some type was made available to him.&nbsp;
Victor had ample practice faking illnesses -- it wasn't difficult.
&nbsp;
A warm feeling of satisfaction came over Victor.&nbsp; He had a
plan.&nbsp; Now, to implement it -- what were boys supposed to do when
they were sick?&nbsp; There was nobody in the room to ask, and he had
no desire to attract the attention of the Den Mother again, so Victor
consulted the thick volume that was the Rules of Conduct.&nbsp; A quick
scan of the Table of Contents led him to Rule 43675 &sect; A-32 on page
437:&nbsp; "Sick Call":
"All boys who claim to be too ill to attend
class
as scheduled, or to do assignments or perform assigned work details as
scheduled, shall be escorted by a responsible School Official to the
School Nurse's office for a medical evaluation."
Victor didn't bother to read on.
"Well," thought Victor, "at least that'll get me out of class." At
his
previous school, Victor had always been able to appeal to the
na&iuml;ve sympathy of the school nurse whenever he needed a "medical"
excuse to get out of an unpleasant activity.
Nevertheless, a quick search through the drawers in his room
disclosed
that he had no immediate need to visit the school nurse just yet, since
his uniforms had been brought to the school with him -- as had his
schoolbooks.&nbsp; He would still have to dress in the embarrassingly
tight pastel-blue shorts and the pink tank top with the word "Boy"
stenciled on the back, but at least he had something to wear.&nbsp; He
discovered to his dismay that no underwear had been brought for him,
meaning that his tight shorts would be that much more revealing.&nbsp;
Aside from the shorts and the tank tops, the only other garment he was
provided with was a simple pair of sandals for his feet.
Shortly after Victor dressed in his uniform, another boy was
escorted
into the room by Ms. Kester.&nbsp; He appeared to be about the same age
as Victor, but unlike Victor he was not brought in naked in a
box.&nbsp; Instead, he was shoved in, wearing a "boy" uniform similar
to Victor's.&nbsp; He appeared to be wearing a gag in his mouth.
"Victor," said Ms. Kester, "this is Steve.&nbsp; Steve, meet your
new
roommate, Victor."
Victor extended his hand, whereupon Ms. Kester immediately slapped
it.
"NO communicating with Steve!&nbsp; Can't you see he's being
punished?&nbsp; He is not allowed to speak, or be spoken to by anyone
other than a teacher, until he learns to clean up that filthy mouth of
his.&nbsp; Isn't that right Steve?"
"Mmmphttt."
Ms. Kester gave Steve a swift swat on his behind.&nbsp; "I said no
talking," she snapped, and then left the room.
Unable to speak to his new roommate, Victor had no way to tell
whether
he was friend of foe.&nbsp; So, Victor and Steve simply glared at each
other for several long, tense moments, until both apparently decided
that a fistfight was at least not imminent.&nbsp; Then, at the same
time, both boys decided that the best thing to do was to retire to bed
and leave the problem of roommate evaluation to the next day.
At that point, both Victor and Steve went for the top bunk, and a
small
scuffle ensued.&nbsp; It lasted for approximately thirty seconds, until
Ms. Kester suddenly rushed into the room and, upon seeing what was
happening, produced something that appeared to be a remote control and
pressed a button.&nbsp; The two bunks retracted into the wall, leaving
nothing but the bare, cement floor to sleep on.&nbsp; She left without
a word, and both Victor and Steve were left to make do with the cold,
cement floor at their only bed for the rest of the night.

In their efforts to modify their environments to suit their
purposes, Victor and Steve were both failing miserably.






  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Chapter 5
The next morning, Victor got his first taste of academic life at the
Scythian Academy.&nbsp; His first class was Remedial Math.&nbsp; In the
past, Victor's grades in math had been abysmal, mostly because he had
generally not done his homework.&nbsp; Thus, he was assigned to the
lowest level math class Scythian offered.&nbsp; Predictably, the only
female in the classroom was Ms. Hanidy, the devastatingly attractive
young blonde teacher who sported a leather business suit similar to Ms.
Kester's.&nbsp; The students were all boys, sporting skin tight
pastel-blue shorts and pink tanktops with the word "Boy" stenciled on
the back. &nbsp;
The classroom was a simple affair.&nbsp; It was a windowless room
deep
within the bowls of the Scythian Academy's main building, with
featureless, unpainted cinderblock walls, and a secure, heavy metal
door.&nbsp; The teacher's desk at the front of the room appeared to
have a number of complicated electronic controls installed on the
desktop, but the student desks seemed mostly like ordinary student
desks. 
Mostly.
Extending out of each of the desks were two wires, with an alligator
clip on the end of each.&nbsp; Ms. Hanidy instructed the boys sharply
to attach an alligator clip to the end of each nipple, and watched as
boys went through the motions of doing as instructed.&nbsp; She then
began the lesson, asking each boy in turn to work a math problem for
the class.
Correct answers went unnoticed.&nbsp; Wrong answers, however,
resulted
in a painful electric shock being passed through the nipples of the
offending boy.&nbsp; Each boy was shocked at least once during the
lesson.&nbsp; Victor, who rarely had paid attention in math class in
the past, was shocked three times.&nbsp; One boy, Stuart, pretended to
be in pain after giving a wrong answer, but the teacher easily saw
through the ruse.&nbsp; Stuart had attached the alligator clips to each
other under his shirt, rather than attaching them to his nipples.&nbsp;
In what seemed like real anger, Ms. Hanidy yanked Stuart's shorts down
to his knees, and attached an alligator clip to each of his
balls.&nbsp; She
then gave him an electric shock that lasted five long seconds, and the
entire class listened to Stuart scream in agony. 
"SO, Stuart," said Ms. Hanidy sharply, "thought you were clever
enough to TRICK your teacher?&nbsp; Thought you could let something
SLIP BY Ms. Hanidy?"

Stuart, who was in no condition to speak, could only whimper.

"Here you sit in a REMEDIAL math class, you and your fellow MALES"
-- she uttered that word in a tone that implied that "male" was the
lowest form of life on earth -- "and you think you can OUTSMART
me.&nbsp; So typical.&nbsp; There's one in every class.

"'Boys will be boys' they say," continued Ms. Hanidy, "and that's
exactly your problem.&nbsp; You insist on 'being boys,' and your
boyhood gets in the way of you learning math.&nbsp; Well, that won't
happen in my class. Here, if your boyhood interferes with your
education, you boyhood will be punnished."&nbsp; Ms. Hanidy then zapped
Stuart's balls for a split second to drive the point home.&nbsp; Stuart
yelped in pain.&nbsp; By this time, tears were running dowin his face.

Then, as if in answer to Stuart's silent pleas for salvation (and
those of other boys watching, whose balls seemed to ache in sympathy),
the bell rang.&nbsp; The boys immediately moved to remove the allegator
clips.

"NOT so fast!"&nbsp; snapped Ms. Hanity.&nbsp; The boys froze.

"Next week, you are all to come to class WITHOUT SHIRTS, so that I
can see that you have wired your nipples like you're supposed to.&nbsp;
Class dismissed."

The boys filed out.

Victor was fazed enough by his experience in Ms. Hanity's remedial
math class, but what he saw in the hallway on his way to his
second-period Social Studies class shocked him utterly. A boy,
completely naked, was tied to an strange contraption that Victor did
not recognize. He was bent over at a 90-degree angle, with his legs
hanging straight down, his bare ass sticking out, and his head held
upright by a sling. His unsupported torso extended, paralel to the
ground, from his neck to his ass, which was bent over a metal box.
Victor guessed that there must have been a hole at the top of that box
for the boy's cock, because it was nowhere to be seen.
Several girls, in their short plaid skirts and low-cut white
blouses, seemed to have decided to take it among themselves to comfort
this boy. They approached him and took turns massaging his back,
whispering in his ear, pinching his nipples, and even kissing him.
Victor decided that the girls must feel sorry for this boy. He further
decided that it would impress these girls if Victor appeared to feel
sorry for him too. "The 'sensitive guy' routine is a sure winner,"
thought Victor.
So, Victor approached this boy and thought of something to say that
might sound encouraging. "Hang in there, dude," said Victor, "We're all
pulling for you."
At that point, a girl a bit older than Victor suddenly appeared. She
wore the standard Scythian Academy uniform of the plaid skirt and the
white blouse, but she also wore a black sash.&nbsp; Victor had seen a
few girls in the hallway wearing black sashes, but it had not occured
to him to inquire as to what that garmet signified.&nbsp; In fact, at
the Scythian Academy a black sash was the honorary garmet worn by hall
monitors -- girls who were entrusted with both the power and the
responsibility to do whatever was necessary to keep erant boys in line
between classes.
The most visible symbol of the hall monitors' authority was their
black sashes, but as a practical matter the most important symbol of
their office were the whistles they each carried. It was with these
whistles that they exercised their true power.
In one breath, the hall monitor "blew the whistle" on Victor. As the
screach of a Hall Monitor's whistle filled the corridors of the
Academy, two teachers, clad in their tight, leather business suits,
suddenly appeared. Tha hall monitor faced them and, pointing to Victor,
stated her indictment: "Talking with a boy undergoing
punnishment."&nbsp; The first teacher grabbed and held Victor, while
the second skilfully removed Victor's uniform.&nbsp; Before he knew it,
Victor once again found himself naked, and at the mercy of a georgious
woman. 
This time, unlike prior occasions, Victor did not have the luxury of
being humiliated privately in his own bedroom, or even in the
cinderblock cell that the school had provided him. He was being
punished in the middle of the Scythian Academy's hallway, with passers by
ogling at his shame. He despirately wanted to at least cover his cock
with his hands, but a teacher had his wrists fully in her grip.
A device similar to the one on which the other boy was restrained
was brought out, and Victor was placed in it. He was bent over the
metal box, so that his bare ass stuck out for all to see and touch. He
discovered that his cock and balls fit comfortably, if a bit snuggly,
in a small chamber at the top of the box. His head, sholders and torso
extended forward, and his head was placed in a sling, where it was
supported comfortably. Victor was supprised; he expected the device to
be painful, but it wasn't. It was "merely" humiliating.
After a gag was placed in Victor's mouth to keep him silent, the
first teacher spoke to him.
"Do you know what the device you've been attached to is called?"
asked the teacher calmly.
"Mmmptt," was the closest thing to a reply Victor could manage.
"Obviously you haven't read the school rules as instructed. This
device is called a 'penal restraint.' It is a device that we use to
discipline boys who disrupt class by allowing their flounting their
hard-ons. We find that allowing boys to have hard-ons during class time
is distracting to both students and teachers, so we require that the
boys at this school . . .. restrain themselves. Unfortunately, most
don't listen, so we must train them. Do you know why you're here?"
Victor was silent, having already discovered the futility of
attempting to speak. The teacher smiled.
"Good," she said, "you're learning. Maybe you're not a completely
hopeless case after all. The reason you are attached to this device is
because you spoke to a boy who was undergoing punnishment. Rule 10043
&sect; C-12 expressly says 'any boy who, without first requesting and
obtaining permission from a responsible school official, speaks to a
boy who is undergoing punnishment, shall himself be subject to the same
punnishment.' You see, we need to make sure and preserve the intergety
of the system, and in order to do that each boy must face his
punnishments on his own. You will therefore be restrained in the penile
restraint for one hour, just like Donald here."
The teacher left. Just then, girls started surrounding Victor. They
massaged his back, ran fingers through his hair, pinched his nipples,
kissed his cheeks, and nibbled on his earlobes. A few even grabbed his
ass, or gave him a light spanking. The net effect of all of this
amorous attention by a group of very pretty girls in short plaid skirts
and low-cut white blouses was to make Victor sexually excited. His cock
grew, acknowledging the attention the rest of his body was receiving.
The problem was that his cock and balls were locked in a small chamber,
where there was no room for his cock to grow. As he became more erect,
Victor's balls were squeezed against the walls of the metal chamber,
and his cock painfully tried to force its way out of the impenetrable
box. But for the gag in his mouth, the pain would have made Victor howl
out. As matters stood, all he could manage was a highly muffled whimper.
Victor tried to resist. He tried to think about such things as
baseball, or his elderly grandmother. But it was no good. The
uniform-wearing baseball players became bikini-wearing beachball
players, and his crone grandmother became young maid -- an object of
desire. The girls were merciless. They knew that the harder Victor got
the more pain he would be in, and they were also proud of their skill
in making boys hard, whether they wanted to be or not. So, for the next
hour, Victor suffered at the hands of temptation that he simply could
not resist.







  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy&nbsp;

Chapter 6

While Victor was busy adapting to his environment, Dena was becoming
acclimated to the entirely different environment that the Scythian
Academy had created for its female students. She, unlike Victor, did
not have to be stripped and dragged to the Academy in a medal box. She
was instead driven by her mother Cindy, who was every bit as eager to
find out what awaited Dena at the Scythian Academy as Dena was.
The Academy was an extremely large, castle-like structure that could
easily have been either a prison or a medieval fortress. Whatever it
was, it certainly was not an ordinary school. Its grounds were
surrounded by a 10-foot tall iron bar fence, with only one gate at the
front. Cindy drove up to that gate, introduced herself to the female
guard, and was immediately let through.
They were met at the front entrance by a handsome, well built man
who was dressed in nothing but a pair of tight-fitting shorts, sandals,
and a leather collar. Both Cindy and Dena were a bit startled by his
bare chest, but they decided to pretend not to notice. After, as the
old saying goes, "when in Rome . . ."
"Welcome to the Scythian Academy ma'am and ma'am. May I take your
bags?" asked the man, in a much more humble tone than either Cindy or
Dena were used to hearing from a man.
"Er, yeah . . . Dena's suitcase is in the back," replied Cindy.
"Where do I park?" she asked.
"If you would leave your keys with me, ma'am, I will see that your
car is taken care of."
"Er, thank you," said Cindy, as both she and her daughter stepped
out of the car. Cindy was surprised. On her first visit to the Academy,
nothing had been said to indicate that they would be providing such
luxuries as valet service. Cindy dug through her purse for a tip.
"No ma'am," said the man quickly. "That won't be necessary. It is
our pleasure to serve you."
Cindy and Dena walked into the building, and were greeted warmly by
a tall, attractive woman sharply dressed in a black, leather business
suit. "Why hello," she beamed, "welcome to the Scythian Academy. My
name is Ms. Parker. We are SO glad to have you." She extended her hand
to Cindy.
Cindy took it and replied politely, "Nice to meet you Ms. Parker. I
am Cindy Johnson, and this is my daughter Dena."
"Of course," replied Ms. Parker, "I hear we can expect great things
from you. Let me show you around."
Dena and Ms. Parker went together to the punch bowl, where Dena said
politely to the servant standing at the bowl, "One glass of punch,
please." The man moved to comply with Dena's request, but as he did so
he noticed Dena's well developed figure, and his eyes lingered on her
breasts for several seconds. The bulge in his shorts was growing
noticeably. Dena had learned to expect to this sort of treatment from
men, even if she was a bit annoyed by it. She did not, however, expect
what happened next. The man was so thoroughly distracted by Dena's
feminine attributes that as he spilled punch all over her blouse.
Ms. Parker look outraged. "How DARE you Jordan!" she snapped. "What
could POSSIBLY have given you the idea that you are PERMITTED to THROW
DRINKS at the students?"
Jordan took two steps back, with a look of terror on his face, as if
he expected Ms. Parker to take a swing at him. "I . . . er . . . er. .
. I'm sorry ma'am. It was an accident, I swear . . .it's just . . . er
. . . .er . . . " he stammered.
"It's just what, Jordan?" asked Ms. Parker icely.
"I was just . . . er . . . er . . . er . . . "
"Just STARING at Dena's BREASTS, perhaps? Just OGGLING the students?
LUSTING after our guests?" Ms. Parker stared meaningfully at the highly
visible bulge in Jordan's shorts.
Jordan dropped to his knees and began begging. "Please! I'm sorry
ma'am! I beg you!"
Ms. Parker ignored Jordan's pleading and said calmly, as if she were
a judge passing sentence, "get Paddle number 4."
Jordan's eyes grew wide.
"Do it NOW!"
Jordan left, and another male servant quickly took his place at the
punch bowl. Ms. Parker turned to Dena who, having witnessed the scene,
had a quizzical look on her face.
"You have probably noticed by now that males, when left to their own
devices, have certain self-destructive tendencies. Perhaps the most
self-destructive of these tendencies is the fact that the mere presence
of a young, attractive woman will cause them to act like bumbling
fools," said Ms. Parker.
Dena nodded. She certainly had noticed that, in boys and men alike.
"Our servants here are well trained," said Ms. Parker, "but even
with training they occasionally slip up. Like just now; Jordan was
given the simple task of serving punch, but even that
proved too much for him once he found himself in the presence of a
superior beauty such as yourself. He couldn't function. Yet, here at
Scythian we do our best to keep our males functioning despite their
weakness."
Jordan returned, and humbly handed a large paddle to Ms. Parker. Ms.
Parker handed it to Dena.
"It is every woman's duty to help the men around her be good,
functioning members of society," said Ms. Parker. "The men in your
life, whoever they may be, need your guidance. Jordan needs your
guidance."
"You want me to spank him?" asked Dena, as she accepted the paddle
from Ms. Parker.
"I want you to correct him," replied Ms. Parker. "You will find that
the only truly effective way to correct a male -- to teach a male -- is
with classic conditioning. Good behavior must be rewarded, but more
important, unacceptable behavior must be punished. I would say that
what Jordan just did is unacceptable, wouldn't you agree?"
"Of course," replied Dena.
"Then it if your duty to correct him, for his own good. Give him ten
swats with the paddle. That should be enough to teach him to keep his
eyes on his work."
"Assume the position," ordered Ms. Parker. Jordan removed his
shorts, folded them neatly and placed them on the ground in front of
him. He then bent over and exposed his bare bottom to Dena. Dena swung
the paddle, and lightly grazed Jordan's ass.
"No, no, no, that doesn't count," said Ms. Parker. "You have to make
him FEEL it, otherwise you can never hope to train him. Try again."
Dena tried again, and struck Jordan's ass slightly harder.
"That just won't do," said Ms. Parker. "Look, have you ever played
baseball?"
"Softball," replied Dena, wondering what the relevance was. 
"Well, I want you to pretend you're swinging at the ball, and I want
you to hit a home run."
Dena nodded, took her stance, and swung.
"One," said Jordan, through clenched teeth. He had been
painstakingly trained not to shout out.
"Two," said Jordan, when Dena struck again.
"Three," came moments later.
"Four."
"Five."
"Six."
"Seven."
"Eight."
"Nine."
"Ten."
"Very good," said Ms. Parker to Dena. "And what do we say Jordan?"
she asked sharply.
Jordan stood, approached Dena, and knelt before her feet. "Thank you
for correcting me, ma'am," he said, right before kissing her feet.
"You may resume your duties," said Ms. Parker. Jordan stood up,
grabbed his shorts and put them on, and returned to his place at the
punch bowl. Another man approached Dena, bowed, and handed her a clean
white blouse identical to the punch-stained blouse she was wearing.
"You can change in the ladies room down that hall," Ms. Parker
pointed. "Grant will take your blouse and have it laundered for you."
"Thank you Ms. Parker," said Dena, as she left, with Grant following
behind her.
"Hmmm . . ." thought Dena. "This manservant's name is 'Grant' just
like Dad." Dena briefly amused herself with the thought of her father
at this party, dressed in nothing but tight shorts, sandals, and a
leather collar, waiting hand and foot on all the ladies at the party.
She decided that she was definitely going to like it at the Scythian
Academy.





  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy

Chapter 7

After the cordial reception given by the faculty at the
Scythian Academy, Dena was shown to her room by Jordan, who still appeared to be
sore from the adept beating his bottom had received from Dena just a few hours
before. Dena still relished the feeling of power that delivering that spanking
had given her, especially over such a well-built man as Jordan. As Jordan turned
to leave after showing Dena to her room, Dena gave his ass a tight squeeze with
her hand. Although Jordan winced in pain, the bulge in his tight-fitting shorts
grew noticeably larger. &quot;Yep,&quot; thought Dena, &quot;I am definitely
going to like it here.&quot;


Dena's room was as different from Victor's as any room
could possibly be from any other. Instead of a windowless cell of plain
cinderblock, Dena had been given a complete bedroom more than twice as big as
Victor's. It featured large mahogany desk, a full dresser with a 46 x 32 mirror,
and full queen poster bed with privacy curtains, which were quite unnecessary
since she had the entire room to herself. As soon as she began the motions of
unpacking, she found that the job had already been done for her. Her school
uniforms were neatly hanged in her ample walk-in closet along with the casual
clothing she would wear on breaks, and her undergarments were neatly folded in
drawers. Her books were also in their proper place on the antique bookshelf next
to her desk. All she needed to do was change into her negligee (which she also
found in its appointed place), and she was ready to relax in her comfortable
bed. She set the alarm on the nearby nightstand for 6:30, so that she could get
an early start the next morning.


Her first class was the most pleasant of her academic
career thus far -- Advanced Greek Literature.&nbsp;
It was not just the subject matter that Dena found enjoyable (Dena had
always been a literature buff), but also the atmosphere.&nbsp;
The students were all girls, who sat quietly throughout the lecture,
speaking only when recognized after politely raising their hands.&nbsp;
They paid attention, took notes, and participated in the class discussion
in a manner that made clear their interest in the subject matter.&nbsp;
Totally absent were the usual misbehaving (inevitably male) miscreants,
who would hold whispered conversations during class, pass notes, throw
spitballs, and generally make nuisances of themselves.&nbsp;
Dena could not recall a time when she had a more positive experience at
school.


The experience of the boy-free Greek Literature class made
Dena disappointed to walk in to her Home Economics class to find that 2/3 of the
students were boys.&nbsp; Worse yet, they
were boys who were in a class that boys generally had little or know interest
in.&nbsp; They would refuse to pay
attention, heckle the teacher, and misbehave in other ways, thereby ensuring
that nobody in class would have the opportunity to learn anything.&nbsp;
As if this alone were not bad enough, once it came time for the class to
divide into groups to accomplish the homemaking project (whatever it might be),
the boys in Dena's group would expect Dena to do most of the work.&nbsp;
Home Economics, after all, was for girls -- or so went the general
belief.&nbsp; Dena herself was not
particularly interested in Home Economics either, but she would pay attention in
class and do the work because she took great pride in being a responsible
student.


Dena was pleased at least to find that the teacher was Ms.
Parker -- the same Ms. Parker who she had met at the school reception the night
before.&nbsp; At the appointed time the
bell rang, and Ms. Parker spoke.


&quot;Good morning class, I am Ms. Parker, and this is Home
Economics 101, your introduction to the art of homemaking.&nbsp;
As you should know, proper homemaking is equally the responsibility of
the head of the household and the . . .&quot;


The boys, perdictably, tuned out Ms. Parker's remarks from
the beginning.&nbsp; Instead of taking
notes, they doodled in their notebooks, wrote notes to eachother, and
occasionally whispered in one another's ear.&nbsp;
One boy was even bold enough to begin folding a paper airplane while Ms.
Parker was making her introductory comments to the class.&nbsp;
That boy immediately attracted Ms. Parker's attention.


&quot;ROBERT,&quot; said Ms. Parker sharply, addressing the
boy.&nbsp; Robert looked up.


&quot;Am I boring you?&quot; asked Ms. Parker.


As several of the other student giggled, Robert replied,
&quot;Sorry Teach but . . . well . . . this IS Home Ec.&nbsp;
I mean, you've gotta admit it's kind of dull.&nbsp;
Nothing personal, of course.&quot;


&quot;Of course,&quot; said Ms. Parker softly.


&quot;Robert, since you're so eager to express your views
to the rest of the class, why don't you come up here.&nbsp; I think you'll find that I can make this class much more
interesting for you,&quot; said Ms. Parker.


Robert shrugged, and approached the front of the class
where he stood next to Ms. Parker.&nbsp; Ms.
Parker stood behind Robert and began massaging his sholders.&nbsp; &quot;Is that better now?&quot; asked Ms. Parker.&nbsp;
&quot;A bit more WORTHY of your attention?&quot;


Before Robert could respond, Ms. Parker's hands wandered
down Robert's chest, and then all the way down to his cock.&nbsp;
They barely rubbed his cock before they traveled back up his chest,
inside his pink tank top.&nbsp; As they reached nipples, and began to pinch, tweak, and
tease, Ms. Parker asked in the brassiest of voices, &quot;How's that Robert?&nbsp;
Exciting?&quot;&nbsp; Robert nodded.


Ms. Parker then lifted Robert's tank top over his head and
removed it, with Robert cooperating completely.&nbsp; Her hands then traveled along Robert's chest for a moment,
but soon found their way back down to the growing buldge in Robert's shorts.&nbsp;
She then began gently stroking Robert's cock through his shorts.


&quot;Now that we've made class interesting for you, do you
want to take those shorts off?&nbsp; I'll
bet we can make this the most . . . stimulating class you've had all day,&quot;
said Ms. Parker.


For Robert, to call events up to this point
&quot;stimulating&quot; would indeed be an understatement.&nbsp;
Robert believed that he was, at that moment, the luckiest boy in the
world.&nbsp; Like most boys, he had
occasionally sat in the back of the class fantacising about his teacher, but
here was a teacher who was actually comming on to him.&nbsp;
And a HOT teacher at that.&nbsp; At
that moment, the fact that Robert was standing in the front of the class, with
so many students watching him, was forgotten.&nbsp;
The only things that existed in his universe were Ms. Parker, in her
tight leather business suit, and his desparately hard cock.&nbsp;
His hard cock was revealed to the entire class when Robert happily
complied with Ms. Parker's suggustion that he remove his shorts.


Robert may not have been so excited about the prospect of
undressing for the beautiful Ms. Parker if he had been able to see what the rest
of the class saw.&nbsp; While Robert was
bent over, pulling down his shorts, Ms. Parker was operating a control on her
desk, and a pair of heavy chains was being lowered from the ceiling against the
wall immediately behind Robert.&nbsp; At
the end of each chain was a shackle.&nbsp; As
soon as Robert stood up after removing his shorts, before he realized what was
happening, Ms. Parker grabbed one wrist and locked it into a shackle, and then
the other.&nbsp; She then operated
another control on her desk, and the chains were raised, so that Robert's wrists
were pulled up above his head.


&quot;What the . . . &quot; began Robert in protest, before
he was slapped in the face by Ms. Parker. &quot;SILENCE,&quot; Ms. Parker said
sharply, &quot;or next time . . .&quot; she grabbed his balls and gave them a
gentle squeeze.&nbsp; Robert obeyed.&nbsp;
A woman with her hands on a boy's balls can be remarkably persuasive.


Ms. Parker addressed the class.&nbsp; &quot;It seems that Robert here has been having trouble
paying attention.&nbsp; Now, do any of
you OTHER boys think you'll have a hard time paying attention?&quot; asked Ms.
Parker.


The response was a chorus of &quot;no&quot;s and &quot;no
ma'am&quot;s, which was met with Ms. Parker once again snapping
&quot;SILENCE!&quot;


&quot;Now, before we can truly commence with today's
lesson, we will need make sure we have Robert's undivided attention.&nbsp;
I will need an assistant.&nbsp; Dena,
would you come up here please?&quot; said Ms. Parker.


Dena, having watched the scene thus far with the admiration
any good protg would have for her mentor, was quite eager to come up to the
front of the class and help Ms. Parker.&nbsp; She
knew that what Ms. Parker had in mind for her was quite different from what she
had in mind for Robert.


&quot;This fine young lady,&quot; said Ms. Parker to the
class, &quot;has already shown quite an aptitude for correcting deviant
behavior.&nbsp; She will show us the
proper technique.&quot;&nbsp; Ms. Parker
handed a riding crop to Dena and said in a stage whisper, &quot;Now give him ten
swats in the place where it will do the most good.&nbsp;
Remember:&nbsp; Don't hold
back.&quot;


Dena decided that Robert's hard cock was the place where
her crop would &quot;do the most good,&quot; so taking aim at his erect member,
Dena swung and missed.&nbsp; Instead of
his cock, Dena's crop hit Robert an inch below his belly button. 


&quot;Owwww!&quot; yelled Robert.&nbsp; The look of disapproval on Ms. Parker's face was
unmistakable.


&quot;Now Robert, you should know better than to yell out
when you are being corrected.&nbsp; Haven't
you read the rules?&quot; asked Ms. Parker.


&quot;No ma'am,&quot; replied Robert.&nbsp;
The more respectful tone that he had suddenly adopted seemed to prove the
effectiveness of Ms. Parker's technique.


&quot;Let me make it simple for you then,&quot; said Ms.
Parker patiently.&nbsp; &quot;Hopefully
you will pay attention this time.&nbsp; You
are going to get ten swats for your misbehavior in class, but you are NOT --
repeat NOT -- to cry out.&nbsp; If you
cry out, the swat doesn't count.&nbsp; Dena
is doing you a favor; she is correcting you and helping you learn to be a
functioning member of society.&nbsp; Each
time she strikes you, you are to thank you for correcting you.&nbsp;
Do you understand, Boy?&quot; said Ms. Parker.


&quot;Yes ma'am,&quot; replied Robert.


&quot;Good.&nbsp; Now,
please resume Dena.&quot;


Dena tried striking Robert again, this time hitting him in
the upper thigh.&nbsp; Robert did not cry
out, but instead remained silent.


&quot;That doesn't count either,&quot; said Ms. Parker.&nbsp;
&quot;You are to thank Dena each time she corrects you.&nbsp;
Try again.&quot;


The third time, Dena came much closer, hitting just to the
left of Robert's balls.


&quot;Thank you Dena,&quot; said Robert.


&quot;You know better than that.&nbsp; Address her as 'ma'am'&quot; said Ms. Parker.


&quot;Thank you ma'am,&quot; said Robert immediately.


&quot;Better,&quot; said Ms. Parker.&nbsp;
&quot;That one counts.&nbsp; Do it
again.&quot;


SWAT! Dena hit Robert's belly button -- far off the mark.&nbsp;



&quot;Thank you ma'am&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; This
time, Dena used a downward swoop, and struck the top of Robert's erect member.&nbsp;
Robert had to utter his &quot;Thank you ma'am&quot; through clenched
teeth.


SWAT!&nbsp; Dena did
not bother aiming for Robert's cock this time, but instead his nipples.


&quot;Thank you ma'am.&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; Direct
hit on the left testicle.&nbsp; Robert
came perilously close to crying out, but managed to restrain himself.&nbsp;
Tears ran down his face as he said a barely audible &quot;thank you
ma'am.&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; Another
one below the belly.


&quot;Thank you ma'am&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; Mid
thigh.


&quot;Thank you ma'am.&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; Score!&nbsp;
The bottom of Robert's cock felt the sting of the crop.


&quot;Thank you ma'am.&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; Another
shot to the nipples.


&quot;Thank you ma'am.&quot;


&quot;And now,&quot; thought Dena, &quot;the grand
finale.&quot;


SWAT!&nbsp; Dena
took aim at Robert's balls, and scored a direct hit on both of them.&nbsp;
Robert howled out in pain, but quickly stopped himself.


&quot;Thank you ma'am.&nbsp;
P-p-p-please, I didn't mean to shout out.&nbsp; Pleas let that one count.&nbsp;
I can't take any more.&quot;


&quot;I think,&quot; said Ms. Parker, &quot;that Robert
here has had enough for now.&nbsp; You
still have one more swat with the crop coming to you, but we'll take care of it
tomorrow.&nbsp; For now, you can remain
there for the rest of the class.&nbsp; I'm
sure you won't have any trouble paying attention from there, will you?&quot;


&quot;No ma'am,&quot; replied Robert quickly.


&quot;Good.&nbsp; You
can take your seat Dena -- good job.&nbsp; We'll
continue.&quot;


And continue she did, with Robert's naked, battered form
hanging from chains behind her, as if nothing of any great significance had
happened.&nbsp; She lectured the class
for fifteen minutes on how make Fettuccini Alfredo, and then divided the class
into teams of two, with each team consisting of one boy and one girl.&nbsp;
Despite Ms. Parker's demonstration of the importance of paying attention
in class, the girls still paid significantly more attention than the boys, so
they were designated as the &quot;team leaders.&quot;&nbsp;
Each girl was issued a riding crop, and instructed to use it to
&quot;encourage&quot; her male partner.&nbsp; Thus
the male half of each team did all of the manual labor, while the female half
provided the leadership, instruction and, if necessary, the punishment.&nbsp;
A boy named Blake was assigned to be Dena's partner, and Dena was
merciless in using the crop to encourage him to prepare the fettuccini property.&nbsp;
At the end of the class, Ms. Parker pronounced Dena and Blake's
fettuccini the best in the class, and praised Dena's leadership skills.


Dena decided that Home Economics wasn't so bad after all.







  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy

Chapter 8

While Victor and Dena were each being introduced to their
respective lots in life at the Scythian Academy, Grant's life was undergoing
major changes as well.&nbsp; It all started on the day when Cindy came home from
the Mothers' Orientation at the Academy and coerced Grant into signing Victor and
Dena's enrollment contract by mercilessly teasing Grant's cock and balls, and
then demanding that he sign before letting him cum.

Like most males of his time, Grant thought of himself as
the Man of the House.&nbsp; The Head of the Family.&nbsp; The King of the
Castle.&nbsp; To be sure, he had been manipulated my his wife on that particular
night, but that was not the way he looked at to.&nbsp; After all, imagined
Grant, he probably would have signed the papers anyway.&nbsp; He knew that
Victor and Dena weren't getting the education they needed from the public
schools.&nbsp; And in any case, he mostly left the task of raising the kids to
Cindy anyway.&nbsp; As for that cute little bedroom game that Cindy had come up
with, Grant was glad that he and his wife had spiced up their sex life a
bit.&nbsp; It simply meant that they weren't going to get bored with each other.

Grant's perception of the situation was, for the
most part, nothing more than an attempt by his imagination to satisfy the
demands of his fragile male ego.&nbsp; &nbsp;He
was, however, right about one thing:&nbsp; His
and Cindy's sex life was certainly no longer boring.&nbsp;
Cindy's &quot;cute little bedroom game&quot; continued with a vengeance,
with Grant's enthusiastic cooperation.&nbsp; It
became a routine for Grant to lie in bed on top of the covers completely naked,
and for Cindy to walk in her sexiest negligee, sit on top of Grant, and order
him to do things while stroking his cock or gently manipulating his balls.&nbsp;

At first, they were simply nominal make-work
tasks that seemed to exist only for the purpose of providing a pretext for
Cindy's &quot;game.&quot;&nbsp; Sometimes,
she would walk into the bedroom, drop some papers on the floor, and order Grant
to pick them up.&nbsp; Sometimes, she
would order him to fetch her a glass of water.&nbsp;
Other times, the tasks were more intimate.&nbsp; She once ordered him to massage her feet, and kept him on the
edge of orgasm for over an hour while she enjoyed a relaxing foot rub.&nbsp;
Every time, however, there was something Grant had to do -- some task he
had to perform -- in order to &quot;earn&quot; the privilege of cuming.

The &quot;game&quot; got more sophisticated as time went
on, and a set of rules came into being.&nbsp;&nbsp;
One such rule was established when Cindy climbed on top of Grant, squeezed his cock
between her fingers, and said, &quot;Go to the kitchen, Boy, and bring me a bowl
of grapes.&quot;
&quot;Sure thing hon,&quot; replied Grant.
Cindy then drew her open hand back and slapped Grant's
cock.&nbsp; It didn't cause excruciating
pain, but Grant certainly felt it.
&quot;BAD BOY,&quot; snapped Cindy.&nbsp;
Then, as she grabbed Grants balls with her right hand, she said to him,
&quot;I am NOT 'hun.'&nbsp; I am your lady.&nbsp; When
I give you a command, you are to address me as such.&nbsp; Understand Boy?&quot;&nbsp; Lately,
Grant always seemed to be &quot;Boy&quot; in the bedroom.
&quot;Yes, I understand,&quot; said Grant.&nbsp;
Cindy tightened her grip on Grant's balls slightly.
&quot;Er . . . I mean 'Yes My Lady,'&quot; said Grant
quickly.
&quot;Better,&quot; replied Cindy calmly, as she let
Grant's balls go and then got up from on top of him to allow Grant to rise.
Grant then went into the kitchen, completely naked, and
retrieved a bunch of grapes from the refrigerator and placed them in a bowl.&nbsp;
He brought the bowl back to the bedroom and handed it to Cindy.&nbsp;
Cindy gave the bowl back to Grant, and required Grant to place each grape
into Cindy's mouth, one by one, until they were gone.&nbsp; All the while, Cindy molested Grant's cock, and kept him on
the edge or orgasm.&nbsp; She did not
mount him and push him over the edge until the last grape was gone.
The result of the Johnsons' new bedroom routine was that
Grant was being classically conditioned associate taking orders from Cindy with
being sexually aroused.&nbsp; Cindy knew
that eventually, she would be able to assert her new authority over Grant
outside of the bedroom, but she also knew that it would be dangerous to attempt
to do so until the conditioning had fully taken hold.&nbsp;
So, for what seemed like an eternity for Cindy, she dominated Grant only
in the bedroom.&nbsp; Then, one Saturday
morning after Cindy had decided that enough time had passed, she tried a little
experiment.&nbsp; After the two of them
finished eating breakfast together in the kitchen, Cindy said to Grant in a
stern, commanding tone, &quot;Now clean up the table and do the dishes.&quot;
Grant gave Cindy a suppressed look.&nbsp;
&quot;What?&quot; asked Grant, not believing his ears.
&quot;CLEAN up the table, and DO the dishes!&quot; she said
in an even more stern tone.
Grant stood up, and Cindy could clearly make out the budge
that had suddenly formed in his trousers.&nbsp;&nbsp;
He slowly proceeded to gather up the dishes from the table.
Cindy walked around to Grant's side of the table, and
slapped Grant's ass.&nbsp; &quot;Faster,&quot;
she ordered.&nbsp; Grant sped up.
Grant gathered the dirty dishes from the table and placed
them in the sink.&nbsp; As he filled the
sink with soapy water and started scrubbing, Cindy came up behind him and undid
his trousers.&nbsp; As she did so, she
whispered in Grant's ear &quot;keep going.&quot;&nbsp;
Grant continued cleaning dishes as his trousers dropped to the floor --
followed in short order by his underwear.&nbsp; His
cock was already hard -- having been trained to respond in that manner to
Cindy's commands, but Cindy stroked it just enough to reinforce the
conditioning.&nbsp; She brought Grant
back into the bedroom and fucked him only after the last dish was dried and put
away.
Grant was now hers.





  
  The Scythian Academy


The Scythian Academy

Chapter 9

Through the use of the time-tested methods of classic conditioning Grant
Johnson, Head of the Household and King of the Castle, was dethroned. Once Cindy
discovered that Grant had been trained to become sexually aroused when he took
orders from Cindy, Cindy used that newly-acquired power over Grant without
hesitation. As soon as they got up, Cindy would order grant to cook breakfast,
order him to wash the dishes, and then give him a list of errands that she
ordered him to do after work. When he got home, she would order him to clean the
house, do laundry, and, of course, make dinner and clean up afterwards. The
division of labor within their marriage had irrevocably altered. Before, Grant
had been the breadwinner, while Cindy was in charge of homemaking and raising
the children. Now, Grant was the worker bee, while Cindy was the queen bee.
Cindy did the decision making for both of them, while Grant did all of the
menial labor. Grant, consequently, was hard nearly constantly while at home,
since Cindy was nearly always stimulating him by giving him more orders to
follow.

Cindy's classic conditioning had an unexpected side-effect, which deprived
Grant of any reprieve from his constantly-aroused condition even while he was at
work. On the day Grant had obtained the Scythian Academy's brochure from his
young, attractive co-worker Jody, he had attended a meeting with his boss, Mr.
Nelson. Jody's presence at that meeting had distracted Grant, and rendered him
unable to pay attention to what was being said. Jody had that effect on Grant --
whenever she was in the room, Grant could seem to think of nothing but how badly
he wanted to strip her nude and fuck her until she fainted.

At the meeting, while Grant's mind was busy imagining Jody bent over the
conference room table with her breasts in the palms of Grant's hands and his
cock vigorously thrusting itself into her pussy, Jody had made a suggestion to
Mr. Nelson. Grant, not knowing what else to do, had agreed to it, and a decision
(of some sort) had been made. It was not until later that Grant discovered what
he had agreed to. Jody's plan was to re-organize Grant's department, with Jody
in charge.

When Grant found out what had actually taken place at the meeting, he
couldn't very well complain, since he (theoretically) had agreed to the plan
when it was suggested. The very idea of calling Mr. Nelson and admitting to him
that he had been paying more attention to Jody's cleavage than what was being
said at the meeting didn't even cross Grant's mind. So, he simply cooperated,
and imagined that he was cooperating because he was a good employee who always
put the company's interests first.

Grant was very good at reinventing reality in his own mind to satisfy the
needs of his fragile male ego.

Fortunately, the plan did not call for any reduction in Grant's pay, so there
was no need to tell Cindy what happened. Unfortunately, as a result of the plan,
Jody became Grant's boss, and Grant spent each day at work taking orders from
the exquisitely gorgeous Jody.

Even without help, Jody had the uncanny ability to give Grant a hard-on and
thereby turn an otherwise normal man into a drooling, ravenous animal. Cindy's
conditioning, however, made matters ten times worse for Grant. Every time Jody
would give Grant an order, Grant would become sexually aroused and his cock
would become clearly visible through his trousers. The act of performing his
work -- of obeying Jody's instructions -- only served to excite Grant further.
Eventually, it became nearly impossible for Grant to concentrate on his work.
His productivity dwindled nearly to zero.

Grant initially tried to solve this problem by going to the restroom at odd
moments to jerk himself off, but that did not seem to help. After emerging from
the bathroom, Jody would inevitably call him into her office to give him more
work to do, and the problem would start all over again. Even worse, it seemed to
get harder and harder for Grant to make himself cum.&nbsp; As a result, he ended
up spending an inordinate amount of time in the bathroom. Given the fact that
Grant's productivity was already suffering, that did not look good.

Grant waited patiently outside of Jody's office, where Jody's secretary Laura
diligently screened Jody's phone calls and visitors. Laura, like Jody, was
devastatingly attractive, and just as capable of bringing out Grant's animal
instincts. She had recently graduated from the same high school Jody had gone
to, and was working her way through college. She was only 18, but Grant didn't
care. He wanted her.

A buzzing sound emitted from Laura's desk, and Laura picked up the telephone
and listened briefly. She then turned to Grant and said, &quot;Ms. Jamison will
see you now.&quot;

That was another change that took some getting used to. Jody was now
&quot;Ms. Jamison.&quot;

Grant entered Jody's large office to find the young, attractive Jody sitting
behind a mahogany executive desk. She wore a low-cut white blouse with her dark
business suit, which showed a generous amount of cleavage. Grant stared at the
top of Jody's breasts for a long moment before he snapped out of his trance.
&quot;Sit down Grant,&quot; said Jody. 
Grant approached Jody's desk and made to sit in one of the chairs facing it. 
&quot;No,&quot; said Jody, &quot;the couch.&quot;
Grant turned, and took a seat on the middle cushion of the brown leather
couch that sat several feet away from Jody's desk. After Grant sat, Jody took a
seat next to him, deliberately placing herself in close proximity to Grant. Very
close. Grant's cock immediately reacted. 
&quot;Now Grant,&quot; began Jody in a soft, sweet, pleasant tone of voice,
&quot;you've been slacking off a bit on the job, haven't you?&quot;
&quot;Er . . . er . . . I um . . . .&quot; replied Grand dumbly.
&quot;We both know you have. And we both know why,&quot; said Jody.
&quot;WHAT!?&quot; thought Grant. Surely Jody couldn't REALLY know why Grant
had been unable to concentrate on his work.
&quot;Look, Grant, you don't need to be ashamed just because you have
this,&quot; Jody grabbed Grant's cock through his trousers and gave it a
squeeze. &quot;Everyone in the office knows that you've had this hard-on every
hour of every day. The thing is, it's getting in the way of your work, and it
HAS TO STOP,&quot; said Jody.
Grant had never been so embarrassed in his life.
&quot;Now,&quot; continued Jody, &quot;what is it? Is your wife not taking
care of your needs?&quot;
&quot;Hey,&quot; snapped Grant, &quot;leave my wife out of this! That's none
of your business.&quot; 
&quot;WATCH YOUR MOUTH,&quot; replied Jody. &quot;Do you want to keep this
job, or not?&quot; 
Grant immediately deflated. He couldn't imaging facing Cindy with news that
he had just been fired. &quot;Yes, Ms. Jamison, of course I want to keep my
job.&quot;
&quot;Then tell me, are you, or are you not, getting enough sex at
home?&quot; asked Jody. 
&quot;Well . . . er. . . the thing is . . . .&quot; began Grant, searching
for a reply that Jody might find acceptable. 
&quot;Forget it,&quot; interrupted Jody. &quot;I'll just call Cindy up and
ask her.&quot; 
&quot;No!&quot; replied Grant, in terror, &quot;pleeease don't do that.&quot;
Jody turned back to Grant, grinning. &quot;Perhaps,&quot; said Jody, &quot;I
should just call Cindy and tell her that you've been LUSTING after me, and that
you can't concentrate on your work because of your HARD-ON.&quot; 
&quot;Pleeease, Ms. Jamison, I really need this job. If there's anything I
can do to make up . . . &quot;
&quot;First,&quot; interrupted Jody, &quot;I need
you to be completely honest with me.&nbsp; I
mean COMPLETELY honest.&nbsp; Are you
attracted to me?&quot;
&quot;Yes
Ms. Jamison,&quot; replied Grant, meekly.
&quot;And I'll bet the reason you're having those
hard-ons is because you're thinking about me.&nbsp; Isn't that right?&quot; asked Jody.
&quot;Yes
Ms. Jamison,&quot; said Grant.
&nbsp;&quot;You
know you can never be my boyfriend,&quot; said Jody. &quot;You're a married man.
The most you can possibly hope for is to have me as your mistress. Would you
like that?&quot; asked Jody.
&quot;Er, yes Ms. Jamison,&quot; replied Grant, this time with more
enthusiasm. &quot;Well,&quot; said Jody with feigned reluctance, &quot;if that's
what we need to do to get you producing again, I suppose that's the way it'll
have to be.&quot; She turned to Grant and said, &quot;take off your
clothes.&quot;
Grant eagerly stripped naked, and dumped his clothes into a heap in front of
him. What luck! He had thought that he was about to get fired, and now he was
about to go all the way with the prettiest woman in the office.
&quot;No, no, no,&quot; said Jody. &quot;If I'm going to be your mistress, I
can't let you leave messes all over the place. Go pick up that pile of clothes
and fold it neatly.&quot; 
&quot;Yes Ms. Jamison,&quot; said Grant. 
&quot;'Ms. Jamison?' Who told you that you could call me 'Ms. Jamison?' I am
your MISTRESS, understand? You are to address me as 'Mistress,'&quot; said Jody
sharply.
&quot;B-b-but . . .&quot; began Grant, but Jody drew her hand back and
slapped Grant in the face. Grant shut up. 
&quot;No more nonsense,&quot; said Jody, &quot;or next time it'll be your
balls instead of your face. Now PICK UP YOUR CLOTHES.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, m-m-mistress,&quot; said Grant.
Grant bent over, and began picking up his clothes and folding them neatly. As
he did so, he suddenly felt a sharp pain on his ass. Jody was standing behind
Grant with a paddle, and she had just spanked him with it. 
&quot;This is just to encourage you to be productive,&quot; said Jody.
&quot;I'm going to keep doing this,&quot; Jody spanked Grant again, &quot;until
you are finished folding your clothes.&quot;
Grant folded his clothes and Jody, true to her work, spanked kept spanking
Grant's ass as he did so. She did not stop until Grant meekly handed her his
clothes, folded neatly. She took them, and placed them in a drawer.
&quot;Now,&quot; said Jody, &quot;slack off again, and you will find me,
standing behind you, with this paddle. Obey me, and you will be rewarded.&quot;
&quot;Yes mistress,&quot; replied Grant.
&quot;Good,&quot; said Jody with approval,
&quot;you are obeying me.&nbsp; Now for
the reward.&nbsp; You may stroke
yourself.&quot;
&quot;What?!&quot; asked Grant, forgetting himself.
SMACK!
&quot;I told you that you are to obey me,&quot; said Jody sharply.&nbsp;
&quot;Now stroke yourself.&quot;
Grant proceeded to stroke his cock, but hard as he was, he was unable to make
himself cum, even after several minutes of stroking.
SMACK!
&quot;You're slacking off again,&quot; said Jody.&nbsp; 
Grant redoubled his efforts, but remained unable to cum.
SMACK!
&quot;That's IT,&quot; said Jody, &quot;I'm calling Cindy.&nbsp; Go bring me
the phone.&quot;
That did it.&nbsp; Not the threat to call Cindy, but the order.&nbsp; Grant's
conditioning left him unable to cum unless a woman was ordering him to perform a
task.&nbsp; Cindy's order to fetch the telephone caused a white geyser to erupt
from Grant's cock, and fall to the hard wood floor.&nbsp; Without even waiting
for an order, Grant ran to the adjuoining washroom, grabbed some toilet paper,
and wiped the semen from Jody's floor.&nbsp; Jody handed Grant back his clothes.
&quot;Fine,&quot; said Jody.&nbsp; &quot;But I want you back in my office
first thing tomorrow morning, understand SLAVE?&quot;
&quot;Yes mistress,&quot; replied Grant.&nbsp; He dressed and walked out,
hoping that his there were no visible marks on his ass that would alert Cindy of
what had been taking place in Jody's office.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lady Dena


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





