BDSM Library - The Beautiful Twins




The Beautiful Twins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A young man gets drawn into the strange world of a mysterious beautiful pair of twins


The Beautiful Twins: Part One

By Some Writer


Paul was sat in his Friday morning History class.  The lesson was fairly dull, but it was made more interesting by the fact that his teacher was 
wearing a slightly too tight blouse, that perfectly framed her breasts.  Through the gap between buttons in the front, Paul could just see the white 
of her bra.  At the desk beside his, a girl shuffled her legs and caused her skirt to inch up, revealing more of her thigh.  It was summer, and that 
meant almost 
all the girls were wearing clothes that left little to Paul's imagination, which was actively engaged in picturing the rest of their bodies.

Paul was a slightly bookish type.  Although he did not wear the almost-obligatory glasses of such types, the way he dressed and acted marked him out 
as being a very academic sort.  He was seventeen, and nearing the end of his first year of his A-Levels, meaning he had almost completed one of his 
two years of education at the college.  He had short light brown hair, kept in an ordinary style, and a few freckles.  He was thin; not skeletal but 
definitely not large.  Not too tall, not too short - all in all, a fairly average guy.  Which, he suspected, was his problem with the ladies.

In the row in front, a girl shifted forwards in her seat, and her top rode upwards, revealing most of her lower back, and very nearly the tops of her 
buttocks.  Paul wondered if she was actually wearing any underwear at all.  His growing erection caused him to shift in his seat slightly.

At lunch, Paul sat in the canteen on his own at a two-person table, unable to see his friends around.  He was quietly eating his lunch, looking out of 
the window beside him, when someone spoke next to him.

"Is this seat taken?"  The voice was female, and had an East-European accent that could not pronounce the "th" sound in "this".  Even as Paul looked 
up, he knew who it was; Joanna (Paul could never remember her surname, which ended in "-ski").  She was one of what were commonly known throughout the 
college as the Polska Twins, the Beautiful Twins or simply the Twins.  The Twins stood out from everyone else for four main reasons.  Being foreigners 
and being twins would probably have been sufficient but they were also older than everyone else by a few years, due to some oddity of transitioning 
from the Polish education system to the British one.  The other reason they were remarkable was that they were generally thought to be the most 
attractive people in college.

Joanna was a dark-haired beauty with a perfect body.  She was alluring and by now had probably been asked out by over half of the boys in college, but 
apparently they had all been turned down.  Joanna's twin brother, Nicolas, was an incredibly handsome man that caused all the girls in the college to 
swoon, even those that were too modern and grown-up to do so.  He was charming, and could have had any girl he wanted, but again, he had turned them 
all down.

"No, no it isn't," Paul answered about the seat, quickly clearing his coat from the chair opposite him to make way for Joanna.  She had been in his 
History class, somewhere behind him.  They did not usually speak to each other, but Joanna sat down and began chatting to him.  Paul was not so nerdy 
that he was afraid to talk to women, and he talked happily with her.

"So," Joanna said after a while, "I was wondering if you could help me with some history homework?  Sometimes it is quite difficult to read the texts 
when you are not so familiar with the language."

"You speak very fluently," Paul pointed out.

"Yes, but the reading is more difficult.  Some of the words I do not know so well."  Joanna's speech sometimes felt oddly phrased to Paul, but it was 
something he found quite charming - like her accent, it was growing on him.

"Yeah, sure.  When did you want to meet up?"

"How about you come to my house this evening - around seven?"

"Ok, sounds good," Paul said breezily, as if going round to girls' houses to help them with homework was something he did most evenings.

"Good, thank you."  They continued talking until the lunchtime ended.  Paul went on to his next class with a big grin on his face.  He considered 
bragging to a couple of friends about his new appointment with the prettiest girl in school but decided not to, in case it was called off and he was 
left looking stupid.  Besides, he did not need to tell anyone in order to feel pleased about it.

* * *

Having simply told his mother that he was off out to help a friend with homework, Paul headed towards Joanna's house.  There were a number of rumours 
that had grown up around the twins, who were slightly mysterious and never went out of their way to confirm or deny any such rumours.  The rumours 
ranged from the frivolous - that they were in fact from the Transylvania region of Romania rather than Poland - to the odd - that they were originally 
triplets but their other brother died in a strange accident.  It was known that they lived in a house together in the middle of the town on their own, 
where Paul was now walking to, but the reason why was also open to speculation - their parents were dead, in prison, still in Poland, or had abandoned 
them.

Paul knocked on the door and Joanna answered, still wearing the same clothes from college.  There was no set uniform (other than a requirement to be 
vaguely smart), but most girls opted for smart trousers and either a blouse or simple top.  Joanna was wearing a white blouse with vertical pleats.  
Paul suddenly wished he'd changed into something better; he was still wearing his black trousers and plain jumper.  Joanna led Paul into the living 
room, where her textbooks were laid out on a large dark wood table.

The ceiling to the room was high, making the room look very large.  The decor looked Victorian (or thereabouts - Paul was not an expert on such 
things), with dark red walls and lots of antique-looking individual lights dotted around the room.  There was a large, relatively modern sofa of 
simple-design in the middle of the room, but no television.  At the edges of the rooms were large cupboards of the same style as the desk with the 
books on.  Joanna and Paul sat next to each other at the table and began 
working through the history assignment.

Paul was trying to concentrate on helping Joanna, but whenever she turned away slightly to read a particular 
book, Paul could not help but notice that her blouse was unbuttoned sufficiently for him to see her breast, sitting in the cup of her bra but 
otherwise exposed to his roving eyes.  At the top of the bra he could just make out the dark edge of her nipple.  He tried to put it from his mind, 
but every time she moved in the right way, he could not help but stare at the perfect, soft smooth skin of her tit.

Towards the end of their work, when he was staring at Joanna's inviting breast, she turned back to look at him, and saw him staring at her bosom.  
Paul suddenly realised that she had noticed, and he quickly looked away, his face flushing.

"You like what you see?" Joanna asked simply.

"Erm, yeah.  You are very pretty," Paul said, trying to turn the situation into a compliment.

"My breast is pretty also?" Joanna asked, with one of those slightly odd sentences that Paul was getting to like.

"Yeah," Paul said, laughing slightly at her forwardness.

"You would like to see more?" Joanna asked, the corners of her mouth curling upwards into a wicked smile.

"Yes," Paul said, not sure if there was a right answer to such a question.  No would sound insulting, but yes sounded too forward.

"Maybe when we are done, as a reward for your help, you could see a little more," Joanna told him.  "We must finish though."

"Sure."  Paul's mind was racing.  Could he really be in with a chance of getting it on with such a pretty girl?  Even if she just flashed him her 
breasts, it would fill his fantasies for weeks to come.

A few minutes later, the door opened behind them and Paul turned to see Nicolas, Joanna's twin brother.

"Hello," Nicolas called out warmly.

"Hi," Paul replied.

Nicolas spoke some Polish, which was a blur of syllables to Paul.  Joanna replied in Polish, Nicolas looked at Paul, and nodded.  "I am going for 
a shower now - anybody want to use the toilet first?" Nicolas said, in English once more.

"No, I'm fine."

"You go ahead," Joanna said.

"Okay.  See you later!" Nicolas called as he disappeared off.

"We only have one bathroom," Joanna explained as they turned back to the history.  She wrote her final few sentences, and then looked up at Paul.

"Now for your reward, yes?  You may look, but you cannot touch," she explained sternly.

"Ok, I promise not to touch," Paul told her eagerly.

"No.  No promise," Joanna said and she got up and crossed the room to a large cupboard.  She returned with a metre-long piece of thin rope.  "I will 
make sure," she explained and then continued: "On the sofa and take off your jumper."

He wasn't sure exactly what she intended, but he quickly took off his jumper.
Joanna gazed at him for a moment.  His chest was pleasingly flat.  It was not too skinny but nor was it fat.  There were slight hints of muscle, and 
no hair at all on his front or back.  His nipples were red and quickly hardening now that they were exposed to the air.   
His skin looked as smooth as a woman's but his arms had just enough muscle shape to stop them looking like a woman's and he did have some hair on his 
forearms.

Paul sat on the sofa that Joanna was stood behind.  She gently took hold of Paul's wrists and guided them behind his back.  She 
pushed him gently forwards, just as a hairdresser pushes their client's head into position, and she tied his hands behind his back.  The rope was not 
over-tight and biting, but tight enough that he would not be able to get free on his own.

Joanna walked around the sofa and stood in front of Paul.  She sat down so that her bottom was on his knees and her legs were on the outside of his, 
bent up on top of the sofa cushion.  Paul sat looking at her beautiful face, so soft and perfect, unsure of what he was meant to do in this situation.  
Joanna began slowly unbuttoning her blouse, looking into his eyes the whole time.  Paul watched intently as her breasts and simple black bra were 
revealed.  Her skin 
had the appearance of being tanned, neither as fair as most of the other girls Paul spent his time watching, nor olive like some Europeans.  
Her breasts were full with no hint of needing to be held up by the bra - it was as if the bra just happened to wrap around them to hide them, rather 
than support them.

Elena's stomach was almost flat, curved at the edges to give it a definite femininity.  Her body was totally perfect, and Paul now had an erection 
that 
was enough to make him test the rope that bound his hands to see if he could get free.  Joanna leaned forward slowly until her lips met Paul's.  Hers 
were 
thin, soft and delicate, while his were fuller and slightly rougher.  They kissed and Paul felt like he was melting into her, his heart fluttering as 
their lips brushed and softly slid over each other repeatedly.

Joanna pulled back and ran her hand down the front of Paul's bare chest to his trousers.  She only had to lightly brush her fingers over the top of 
them to feeling the bulging erection that lay beneath.  She tugged at the fastener on the waistband of the trousers and undid it, before slowly 
sliding down the zipper beneath it.  Paul's heart was pounding and his breathing heavy as Joanna neatly parted the corners of his trousers to reveal 
his boxers.  They were checkered, and Paul instantly wished that he had thought to change his underwear to a plain white or black.  Joanna unbuttoned 
the slit at the front of the boxers with her delicate fingers, and carefully eased the vertical slot in the boxers over the top of Paul's cock, 
letting it lie outside his boxers, exposed to her gleeful eyes.

"Very good," she said, and Paul was not sure if she meant his dick itself, or the fact that she had caused him to get an erection.  "Would you like to 
see more?" Joanna asked, her hands vaguely indicating her own body.  Paul nodded, and Joanna stood up again, in front of Paul.  She slowly unbuttoned 
her own trousers, and undid the zip before letting them fall to the ground.  Underneath she wore only a black thong, that had enough material to cover 
her triangle of pubic hair but little more.  Her legs were smooth and soft like the rest of her body, shaped just as a woman's legs should be.

"My sister is very beautiful, yes?" Paul heard Nicolas say, from by the door behind him.  Paul struggled to turn round to see him, suddenly panicking 
that he and Joanna had been caught.  Joanna gently placed her hand against Paul's chest, subduing him.

"It's ok," she said calmly, with a reassuring tone.  She gave Paul a caring smile and he relaxed slightly.  Nicolas walked round the side of the sofa 
to stand beside Joanna, wearing only a white towel around his waist.  Nicolas's skin was slightly fairer than Joanna's, which would not have been 
obvious had they not been standing next to each other.  His shoulders were broad and his chest was muscled with a thin covering of hair down the 
centre.  His arms were strong and thick, but in contrast his hands looked thin and fragile.  His legs were not over-hairy, but also looked stout and 
strong.  Paul's first thought was embarrassment that his own exposed chest did not match up to Nicolas's.  Nicolas's body looked to already
be dry after his shower.

"But maybe you are beautiful also?" Nicolas said as he looked at Paul.  It was not a comment that helped Paul's unease, but he found himself smiling 
at the half-compliment.  "I see that you like what you see," Nicolas continued, indicating Joanna and then looking down at Paul's crotch.  Paul 
suddenly realised that Nicolas was looking at Paul's cock, which was hard, exposed and very noticeable.  Paul did not even have his hands free to 
cover himself.  Paul looked down at his dick, embarrassed.  It was slightly small - not discernibly so to a stranger, but Paul knew that its length 
was slightly below average.  It was uncircumcised but the foreskin was completely drawn back now that it was erect.  At the moment it was slightly 
pointing to Paul's right, which it had a tendency to do.

"Do not be ashamed," Nicolas told him.  "The body is a wonderful thing, no?"  Nicolas sat beside Paul on the sofa.  Paul resisted the urge to shuffle 
away from the half-dressed man in case he took offence.  "It is all good, mine, yours, Joanna's."  Nicolas turned slightly to try to look at Paul, but 
the movement caused his towel to move, and the two sides that had been tucked together at the front now fell away to either side, leaving Nicolas 
naked.  Paul's eyes instinctively looked down at Nicolas's groin.

Nicolas's cock lay flaccid and curled slightly atop his groin.  It was not circumcised either, and the skin was totally smooth and unblemished.  It 
seemed to Paul to be perfectly proportioned - the sort of cock that he might see in a porn movie and envy.  There was something different about it and 
Paul suddenly realised something which he should have recognised instantly - Nicolas's groin was totally hairless, without a trace of pubic hair on 
his crotch, dick or balls.  Maybe that is what makes it look bigger, Paul thought in compensation.

"You like?" Nicolas asked as he saw Paul staring.

"Erm no, well, I mean yes it's good, but it's not my sort of thing," Paul tried to explain, not wanting to cause offence.  He felt Joanna sit on the 
other side of him, the two twins either side of the startled young man, all three of them in varying states of undress.  This is very weird, Paul 
thought to himself.  He jumped slightly as Joanna brushed her fingers down the side of his shaft.  It was like electricity through his body, a sudden 
reminder that he was still very aroused.  Paul bit his lip slightly to prevent him moaning in front of Nicolas.

"Would you like me to please you?" Joanna asked Paul.  Paul nodded.  If he had thought about it at that moment, the situation was not as awkward as it 
clearly should have been.  Let Nicolas watch if that's his weird wish, Paul thought to himself.  I'm going to get some from his sister.  "Come 
forward, and kneel on the floor," Joanna told him, and her and Nicolas helped Paul shift forwards and onto his knees 
on the soft thick carpet.

"I will kiss your dick," Joanna said, her accent greatly extending the "ss" sound in a way that made Paul smile, "if you will kiss my brother's."  
Nicolas stood up and walked in front of Paul, his cock swaying loosely only a foot in front of Paul.  Paul swallowed hard, and looked at Joanna to 
check that she was serious.  She subtly moistened her lips with her tongue, and Paul gazed at the glistening edges of her mouth.  He looked back at 
Nicolas's perfect appendage that hung unassumingly, invitingly in front of him.

Nicolas reached forward and put his hand on the side of Paul's head.  Paul flinched slightly but Nicolas kept his hand there, and began tousling 
Paul's short hair.  Paul looked up and met the other man's eyes.  Nicolas's expression was kind, and he was smiling.  "You do not have to do this if 
you do not want ," Nicolas told him, and Paul felt his scalp tingling wonderfully as Nicolas rubbed Paul's head.  How bad could it be, Paul thought to 
himself, surprised that he was not repulsed as he would have expected.  He subtly nodded at Nicolas.  Nicolas took a small step closer and 
Paul reached his head forward slightly, trying not to overbalance, his hands still bound behind his back.

Paul planted a quick peck on the top of the head of the penis.  He followed it with similar small kisses up and down the length of the shaft.  It was 
not an unpleasant experience.  There was no smell nor taste, and it was just as if Paul had been kissing Elena's skin - just out of the shower, 
Nicolas's cock was as soft as a woman's skin.

"Good," Nicolas said kindly and on a whim Paul stuck out his tongue and quickly licked the top of Nicolas's head and shaft.  Again there was no taste, 
and Paul repeated the manoeuvre.  He could see Nicolas's cock beginning to harden and he smiled at the knowledge that he was having an affect on the 
other man.  He heard movement beside him and he looked across to see Joanna moving to lie down between Nicolas's legs, her body 
stretched out across the carpet with her head in front of Paul's still-hard dick.  She licked all the way up the side of Paul's dick as if it were a 
lollipop and he groaned softly.

Paul looked back at the stiffening cock in front of him, the cock of her brother.  Then he looked up at Nicolas's face.  "Will you do it?" Nicolas 
asked simply, without any hint of pressure.  For a moment, Paul did not know what the other man meant.  Then Paul realised, and it was as if someone 
else was moving the muscles as he felt his mouth slowly open wide.

Nicolas used his other hand to guide the head of his cock into the mouth of the man kneeling in front of him.  He did it gently and slowly, not 
wanting to startle the young man who was receiving a dick in his mouth for the very first time.  He fed in as much as he dared, which was not even an 
inch beyond the head.

Paul let the cock fill his mouth, and when Nicolas stopped it was almost too far, but thankfully it did not make Paul gag.  Paul's lips naturally 
closed around the shaft in his mouth, but he held his mouth open to try to avoid his teeth touching the other man's delicate organ.  Paul did not know 
what he was meant to do now; his tongue was trapped beneath the large invader, so he looked up at Nicolas as much as he could, and waited.

Joanna lay on the ground, propped up by her elbows, straining her neck to look up at where Paul's mouth was jammed open by her brother's cock.  She 
found the sight of a man's member in someone's mouth very erotic, even more so when it was a man's mouth, and especially when she was sure that that 
man had never taken cock in his mouth before.  She presumed that this was what men found so very appealing about being given blow-jobs, although 
Paul would be too busy to witness the sight of her pleasuring his cock.  Joanna waited, not wanting to finish Paul off too soon; she suspected that it 
would not take much.

Having fully taken in the sight of his cock being wedged into Paul's mouth, Nicolas withdrew slightly, until only the head of his member remained 
inside the younger man's warm and wet oral embrace.  Without any prompting, Paul's tongue began exploring the dome that was presented to him.  It was 
very awkward motions, but they filled Nicolas with delight.  He began moaning and uttering Polish exclamations of pleasure.  Spurred on by the 
response, Paul began working harder, to try to satisfy the man in front of him with only his tongue.  Nicolas continued to massage Paul's head 
gently, and Paul felt like his whole head was tingling.  It was only after a little while, when he felt Joanna's lips against the head of his own 
penis, that he realised she had not been returning the favour to him as promised.

Joanna began slowly swirling her tongue around the head of Paul's penis.  She heard Paul's groans in-between those of Nicolas, although Paul's were 
more urgent.  She stopped what she was doing, not wanting to lose Paul's interest before Nicolas had finished.  "If you swallow his come," Joanna 
called upwards, "I will swallow yours."

Paul stuttered slightly in his ministrations when he heard this.  He had not been considering the inevitable outcome of his eager work on Nicolas.  He 
gazed upwards at the strong man in front of him, and then continued licking anyway.  Nicolas's incomprehensible words became louder and shorter as 
Paul continued flicking and sliding his tongue around the head of the dick in his mouth.  Nicolas resisted the primal urge to thrust forwards, but 
instead let the sensation inside him continue to build frustratingly, yet somehow satisfyingly, slowly.  He groaned and groaned and Paul's tongue went 
faster, incited by both Nicolas's encouragement but also by Joanna resuming her attentions on Paul's cock, her wonderful soft wet tongue sliding all 
around his hard member, a sensation like none Paul had felt before.

Suddenly Paul felt something on the top of his mouth, and his taste-buds were overflowed with warm salty sensations as semen filled his mouth.  Paul 
resisted a sudden urge to expel it from his mouth and instead focused on trying to swallow the ejaculate that was being spurted into his mouth.  He 
swallowed again and again, the taste still in his mouth even as Nicolas withdrew.

Paul's thoughts were disrupted though as the pleasure in his loins swiftly built to a climax.  He looked down as felt his own come squirt strongly 
into Joanna's mouth, filling the beautiful girl with his seed as her eyes looked humbly up at him.  Paul groaned as he erupted inside her, his 
ejaculation continuing.  Joanna dutifully swallowed the surprising amount of come that Paul was producing until there was none left.  Joanna 
pulled her mouth from Paul's dick and he sagged backwards against the sofa.

Joanna sat up and kissed Paul, the remnants of his semen mingling with Nicolas's as the two of them shared a salty kiss.

"I will run a bath," Nicolas announced and left the room, still completely naked, his shrinking cock dangling between his legs.

"You relax and get your strength back," Joanna told Paul, indicating that the last comment was directed at his own disappearing erection.  She left 
the room and Paul lay on the floor, his hands still bound behind his back, trying to make sense of what had just happened.





The Beautiful Twins: Part Two

By Some Writer


A while later, Joanna came back into the room.  By now, Paul was sat up on the sofa, his hands still bound behind his back and his trousers 
half-way down his legs.

"The bath is nearly finished," Joanna said as she came back into the room.

"I think, erm, I should head off really, and go home," Paul explained.

"Why is that?" Joanna asked, concerned.

"It's all a bit much for one evening, I think I should leave you guys to it."

"How are you going to get home with your hands like that?" Joanna asked straightforwardly, as if Paul would know a way.

"Could you untie me?" he asked.

"I think you will have much more fun here with us," Joanna said with a smile.

"What happens if I say no?" Paul asked.

"I do not want to force you, but I think you would miss out.  How about, you come take a bath, and if you want to go home after that, you 
can.  Okay?"

"Yeah, okay.  I guess," Paul said, and Joanna helped him to his feet.  She quickly stripped his remaining clothes - his boxers, trousers and socks - 
and led him naked through the house to the bathroom.  Like the living room, the bathroom was large.  The ceiling was high, and the room was lavishly 
decorated.  There was a large bath in the corner, a circular design of around six or seven feet in diameter, currently brimming with a layer of white 
foam, somewhere underneath which was the actual water.  The room had a separate large shower cubicle, and also a washbasin and toilet.  To one side of 
the room there were large shelves, almost empty, and a large sturdy table, currently covered in towels.  The floor was carpeted.

Nicolas, who was standing naked by the bath taps, walked over with a pair of swimming goggles.  He slipped them over Paul's eyes, at which point Paul 
realised that they had been modified to block out all the light; in effect, a water-proof blindfold.  His hands were untied and he was led forwards 
and helped into the bath.  He was guided to stand in the middle of the bath, and then his hands were tied up again, pulled out in opposite directions and 
tied to something - perhaps hand rails, Paul thought - at the edges of the bath.  The bath was very warm, almost too hot but not quite.  Paul stood 
still, afraid that he would fall if he moved his feet.

Paul felt something being dribbled onto his back and also onto his chest.  He felt a pair of hands on his back, rubbing some sort of lotion in, and a 
pair on his front, rubbing more lotion in.  Paul realised that he could not actually tell which pair of hands was which twin - both hands felt 
equally strong yet soft.  Nicolas must possess a very light touch, he realised.

"Which one of you's which?" Paul asked, in a jokey tone.  Neither of the twins replied.  Paul stood patiently as the body-rub continued, his body 
being coated with lotion.  Once his torso was finished with, he felt the hands move downwards.  At the front, his limp cock was taken in hand, the 
foreskin rolled back and his dick scrubbed with some form of lotion (which was surprisingly unarousing), along with his balls that hung low from his 
body.  Behind him, the same was happening to his ass, especially inside the crack.  No-one else had ever touched his ass before, and yet now some man 
or woman was concertedly scrubbing away to clean him there.  It was a weird sensation, but not entirely unpleasant.

After his so-called private areas (not that they were at all private any longer), his legs were next for a final scrub.  Paul still had no idea who 
was doing which part to him, and decided he did 
not really want to think about it.  I am straight, Paul thought to himself - or at least, I thought I was, this is all really weird.  When the twins 
were finished with him, he was gently helped to sit down in the bath, and then stretch his legs out.  Underneath the water, his legs were massaged and 
rubbed clean of the soap (or whatever it was they had used).  Then he was made to lean back, and while one twin helped keep his head above water, the 
other cleaned the soap from his penis and chest.  Finally, he was helped to switch position entirely onto his knees, his face in the top of the
foam, so that the twins could clean his back and and ass.

Subsequently, he was changed to leaning backwards again.  One twin helped him keep his head in the right place while the other made sure his hair was 
thoroughly wet and then applied shampoo.  Paul was beginning to like the attention he was receiving.  It was like a free grooming session, only he 
happened to be blindfolded and tied up for the duration.  Previous thoughts of resisting had vanished from his mind.  Once his hair had been rinsed, 
he was guided to stand up again.  His arms were freed and he was helped out of the bath, where he stood dripping on the bathmat while the twins walked 
away.  Paul grimaced as he felt the water dripping down the back of his ears.

"Do not attempt to remove the goggles," he heard Joanna say from the other side of the room as he moved his hands up to his head.  Paul put his 
hands back down by his sides.  The next thing he 
felt was towels on his torso and legs.  He was vigorously rubbed dry, including his dick, ass, hair and every other part of him.  Then he was led 
over to where he remembered the table being, and helped to lie down on it.

"We are going to give you a massage now," Joanna told him from somewhere beside him.  "But if you would prefer to go home then you can leave now."

"No, I'll be fine," Paul answered, now embarrassed at his earlier suggestion of leaving.

"Good," he heard Nicolas say and then his hands and legs were pulled to the ends of the table and loosely tied, so that he could relax but not get up.  
He was lying on his front, and felt hands upon his shoulders and calves.  Once again, he could not tell which was which as the twins set about 
massaging him.  It was incredibly good and relaxing.  Paul felt like he was floating away as they worked on his legs and shoulders.  The twin doing 
his shoulders moved to his back, while the one doing his legs moved to his ass.  It was certainly odd feeling his buttocks massaged and groped, yet 
surprisingly pleasant.

Then his ass-cheeks were pulled apart and held there.  The air rushed over his crack, where it would not usually go.  That was nothing compared to the 
strangeness of what happened next.  Paul felt what he thought was a wet finger rubbing around his ass, and felt something else - and suddenly 
realised 
that his ass-hole was being tongued by one of the twins.  Almost as surprising was that it was enjoyable, in a sexual way.  Paul had always presumed 
that men had only one erogenous zone (the penis), but he realised that this was another.  As the tongue swirled its way around his ridged hole, he 
could feel his cock stirring, where it was trapped beneath his body.

Paul wondered who was doing it - it seemed likely that it was Nicolas, but then Joanna seemed to be very different to Paul's pre-conceptions, so he 
should not make any assumptions about anything.  Regardless, it was enjoyable.  After a few minutes, the massaging and licking stopped.  Paul was 
eased over 
onto his front.  If either of the twins was surprised about Paul's erect cock, they did not say anything to him.  One simply resumed massaging his 
legs and the other began work on his chest.  They slowly worked their way towards each other until they were rubbing near his cock, both deliberately 
massaging closely around it but not touching it, teasing him.

"Please," Paul burst out after a couple of minutes.  "Don't tease."  The massaging all stopped, and the twins walked away slightly.

"Would you like to come again?" he heard Joanna say.

"Yes.  Please," Paul pleaded.

"How about we play a game?  Me and Nicolas will come over, one stands by your head, one by your feet.  You will say head or feet.  If you pick me, 
you will give me head while Nicolas gives you head, then I will fuck you.  If you pick Nicolas, you will give him head and then he will fuck you while 
I give you head.  Understand?"

"Yes, I understand," Paul said, after processing the complex sentence.

"And are you wanting to do it?" Joanna asked, her odd phrasing coming to the fore again.

"Yes."

"Good."  Paul heard soft footsteps towards him on the carpeted floor and tried to discern one from the other.  It was difficult but he thought he 
might 
have the right answer.  "Head," he declared, hoping to pick Joanna.  The goggles he wore were finally lifted from his eyes by Nicolas, who was 
standing beside his head.

"Let us go back to the other room," Nicolas said as he began untying Paul.  Once Paul was standing, his hands were tied behind his back again.  The 
twins led him back into the living room.  Paul began to realise the consequences of what he had agreed to.  His ass was about to be fucked by another 
man.  You should try anything once, Paul thought to himself, trying to look on any bright side he could find, although somehow it did not seem as 
terrible a prospect as it sounded.

Nicolas sat down on the sofa, completely naked.  Joanna wore a towel around her, tucked neatly to cover her breasts, her stomach and her groin.  She 
wore another in her hair.  She guided Paul to kneel between Nicolas's legs.  Paul looked at Nicolas's flaccid hairless cock, realising that he had 
already performed this service once before this evening.

"You are becoming a good cock-sucker," Joanna noted, and Paul's ears burned with embarrassment when she said it.

"It is nothing to be ashamed of," Nicolas pointed out.  "You would not be ashamed to be called a good pussy-licker, no?"  Paul raised himself up on 
his 
knees so that he could lean forward and put his head in Nicolas's lap.  Nicolas picked up the end of his cock in his fingers and held it out towards 
Paul, who grasped it between his lips.  He sucked it further into his mouth with a slurping motion, to avoid the limp dick squirming back out of his 
mouth.  He began licking the tip that was exposed beyond the foreskin, to start stiffening the member he was tasked with.  It was certainly a 
difficult task with his hands bound behind his back.

Paul felt Joanna's hand between his legs, and she lightly stroked his own dick.  Then he felt her wet slippery fingers between his ass cheeks, and he 
felt a 
strange sensation as she slid one small finger up his ass.  It glided in easily, and as with the licking earlier, it turned out to be a very enjoyable 
sexual sensation.  Paul tried to concentrate on the blow-job he was giving, but it was difficult as a second of Joanna's fingers joined the first 
inside his private opening.

Nicolas was stiffening now, and Paul could slide back down the cock slightly until only the head was between his lips as before.  Emboldened this time 
with prior experience, Paul decided to try sliding up and down, bobbing his head on the end of the cock.  Nicolas moaned encouragingly as Paul slid 
his lips and mouth up and down the end of the shaft, and Paul continued, even as a third finger was eased inside his ass.

When she had managed to fit in - quite easily, she noted - a fourth finger, Joanna looked up at Nicolas and nodded.  Nicolas, who was now hard and 
enjoying himself, nodded back in acknowledgement.

"That is enough," Nicolas announced, and Paul leaned back after Joanna withdrew her fingers.  Joanna handed Nicolas a condom, already out of its 
packet, and he quickly rolled it down over his erect penis.  Joanna helped Paul to his feet, and guided him to turn around, facing away from Nicolas 
while Nicolas swiftly applied some lubricant on his dick before wiping his hands clean.
Paul felt Nicolas's hands on his hips, and he felt himself being gently pulled/let down onto Nicolas's lap.  Paul felt the top of Nicolas's cock bang 
against his left buttock, and Nicolas held him steady with one hand while he used the other to guide his cock to the entrance to Paul's ass.

"Ease back slowly," Nicolas advised and Paul tried to do so.  He felt the head of Nicolas's cock against his ass, and he became sure that there was no 
way that his ass would open to accept it.  Still, he kept letting more of his weight down, and suddenly he felt his ass being penetrated by the head 
of Nicolas's cock.  It felt enormous, as if it would split Paul in two.  It was huge, and it was almost painful, and it was very, very good.  Paul 
moaned in pleasure as he slid down onto the dick of the man beneath him, leaving him helplessly impaled on it, his hands bound behind his back.

Joanna slid forwards and pulled Paul's dick down so that it was level with her mouth, and she took the head of his erection inside her mouth once 
more.  Paul groaned loudly again, at the twin sensations of having his ass filled and his dick sucked.  Joanna pulled her head back and Paul's dick 
sprang upwards again.

"Steady," she warned.  "Not too soon.  More when you have made my brother come."  Nicolas took hold of Paul's hips and used his strong arms to force
the younger man up and down on top of him, almost as if using him like a male masturbator, sliding an entire person up and down the length of his 
shaft to pleasure himself.

Paul began grunting as he was forcefully fucked in this manner, on a strange verge between pain and pleasure as his ass was violated.  He could hear 
Nicolas groaning in pleasure behind him, and he wished that Joanna would suck his dick now, and make him come.  Instead he was made to wait as Nicolas 
fucked him.

Nicolas's moans became more frequent and more urgent.  Paul felt himself being jostled up and down faster and faster as Nicolas built to his climax.  
Nicolas groaned and Paul realised he could feel the other man's dick pulsing inside his ass as he came.  Even as Nicolas was still coming, Joanna 
moved forward and took Paul in her mouth again.

While Joanna sucked on the head of Paul's penis, Nicolas reached around and began stroking along the shaft.  Paul began moaning loudly, his climax not 
far away after all the arousal.

"Where do you want to come?  In her mouth or on her face?" Nicolas said in Paul's ear.  For a moment Paul considered asking for her tits, but decided 
he was in no position to negotiate.

"On her face," Paul said breathlessly.  Joanna pulled back and sat looking up at Paul, wide-eyed like an even younger, more innocent woman than she 
was.  Nicolas kept stroking Paul's dick energetically while he whispered in the captive man's ear.

"You want to come on her face, don't you?  See your come dripping down her beautiful face, spoil her face, make her lick it all up," Nicolas babbled.
<p.
"Yyyy-unnnghhhh-yyyyes!" Paul managed.  Come squirted from his penis, jets landing on Joanna's face, on her forehead and her nose and her cheek, 
with two loads on her mouth.  Joanna licked her lips as Paul continued coming, his orgasm intensified by the sight in front of him of his come 
defiling this beautiful girl's face while her brother's cock remained in his ass.

When he was done, Nicolas helped Paul up while Joanna went to clean her face.  Paul was left to stand in the middle of the room while Nicolas cleaned 
himself up.  Joanna returned after a couple of minutes, in a dressing gown.

"Do you want to leave now?" she asked Paul honestly.

"I think it is probably quite late," he explained, "although this time I don't want to leave."

"Why not stay here for the night?" Joanna suggested.  "It is Friday, and we have lots of room.  You could simply tell your parents you are staying 
over at a friend's."

Paul thought for the briefest moment about how far involved he was getting with these strange siblings and weighed it up against how much pleasure he 
had had that evening.

"Can I use your phone?" he said.  "I'd better give them a ring to tell them I won't be back tonight."

The twins smiled.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





