BDSM Library - Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell




Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Darious is as old as time, a denizen of hell who has been alone for as long as he can remember, never once desiring anything more than to take what he wants then leave when he\'s done. The ultimate hedonistic of beings.   Danyealle is the oldest of her kind.  The most powerful of her kind that ever lived.  Alone for centuries, she thought that there was no one out there for her so she hardened her heart against getting involved with anyone.    Then they found each other...  










v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


Posted: October 10, 2005 - 12:00:00 am









 
  SoulMan
   jim
  2
  57
  2006-10-04T13:22:00Z
  2006-10-04T13:22:00Z
  1
  121287
  691336
  Home
  5761
  1622
  811001
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 








&nbsp;

Chapter 1

&#65279; 

He looked at the time and yawned slightly, tonight, it
seemed was a total bust. The only available females were either skanky, large
or just not interested in men so it seemed. He turned back to the bar and took
another drink of his beer. This was going to be the last one before he headed
home for the night. He was in the middle of a drink when he smelled a highly
erotic scent that seemed to send blood surging straight to both his members. He
turned and looked at the door. In had stepped a female that drew all eyes upon
her. It wasn't that she was fantastically beautiful, she was good looking yes
but not the drop dead gorgeous of some females, but there seemed to be an aura
about her that turned heads her direction. All eyes in the room were upon her
but she didn't seem to notice. She walked towards the bar and seated herself.
She seemed to know the bartender and they exchanged a few words. He watched her
from above the rim of his glass. She had glanced around the room, looking for
who knows what then involved herself in a conversation with the barmaid.

He saw that most of the men in the place were trying to get
her attention or buy her a drink, which she refused with a smile. When the
barmaid came down to see if he wanted another beer he asked about the blonde
minx. She told him everything she knew, which wasn't much. She came in about
once a week. She knew her name was Danyealla but that was it when it came to
personal stuff other than the lack of wedding band. She always came in alone
but left with a man, never the same one mind you. It was her opinion that she
came in looking to pick up a man but it was apparent that she was looking for
something in particular, a special kind of man, but she wasn't sure what kind
that was. He would know if she were interested if she would accept a drink from
him.

He slid down the bar next to her and offered to buy her a
drink. She looked him up and down, smiled and accepted. He engaged in small
talk with her for about an hour but learned nothing more than what the barmaid
had told him. She had a subtle way of switching the conversation away from
herself. The whole time he was talking to her his erections were straining
against the zipper of his Levi's, She emitted some kind of pheromone or it was
her perfume, he wasn't sure which but it had definitely gotten he attention of
his libido. As a matter of fact he wanted her in a way he hadn't wanted anyone
in a long time.

Finally, he suggested that they retire to his place for a
nightcap. She flashed him a brilliant smile and agreed. He was shocked but paid
for their drinks and got up. S he followed him to his place in her car.

She settled in the living room while he went in and fixed
them both a drink. When he returned she had taken off her leather jacket and
was sitting on the sofa. She took the drink from him and slowly sipped it,
looking at him over the rim of the glass. He made a little small talk with her
but it went basically no where. Finally, she put down the glass and smiled at
him. &quot;We both know you didn't want me to come here just for a drink. So
why don't we get on with what we both really want.&quot;

He was stunned but smiled; he had never met a female that
would admit to going home with someone just for sex. He smiled at her,
&quot;Anything the lady desires.&quot; He then pulled her into his arms,
kissing her deeply and passionately, letting his tongue slide into her mouth.
She moved over onto his lap, facing him, putting her arms around his neck,
deepening the kiss. She let her hands roam down his chest and slowly unbuttoned
his shirt. Her hands then stroked up and down his naked flesh. He could feel
goosebumps rise in the wake of her touch. His member, he had made two into one
so as not to alarm the lady, was rock hard and demanding release from his
pants.

She was grinding down onto him as her fingers continued
their dance across his chest. He slid his hands under her shirt and started to
explore her naked flesh. Instead of protesting she pushed herself onto his
hands. She kissed down the side of his face to his neck then started kissing
and nibbling on it. He started grinding his crotch into hers. She moaned into
his neck and started grinding back. After a bit she leaned back, looking at
him, panting. Her eyes seemed different to him but he chalked it up to her
being turned on. He reached out and stroked the side of her face, licking his
lips. &quot;What do you say we retire to the bedroom? It's a lot more
comfortable.&quot;

She smiled, &quot;Fine with me.&quot;

He put his arms under her ass, held her close to him then
stood up and carried her to the bedroom on the first floor, kissing her
passionately the whole way.

She moaned and pressed her body tighter to his. OK, lately
she hadn't been too picky about men she fucked. She had just been so hungry
that any dick would do. But this one seemed special. He was incredibly
handsome, a hard body but not overly so. His ice blue eyes almost froze you and
made you wet at the same time. He had to be at least 6'11&quot;. Had thick
black hair past his shoulder and was nicely tanned. But there seemed to be something
about him she couldn't quite put her finger on. The only really odd thing about
him was his elongated canines. His scent told her he wasn't one of those pesky
leeches, a vampire and werewolves she could smell a mile away along with just
about every other dark critter there was. He had an odd scent but she chalked
it up to some kind of new cologne... He was doing a good job of turning her on
that's for sure. She wiggled and his crotch to let him know she wanted him.

He couldn't believe what a wildcat she was. She was almost
attacking him without the usual games humans played. There was something about
her that was turning him on like no human ever had before. She seemed to have
the appetite of a demon but it was obvious she wasn't one.

Before they got to the door she had his shirt off, licking
and sucking along his collarbone. He groaned loudly, pulling her tighter to
him. He moved them over to the bed and sat down. He continued to kiss him
patiently then untangled herself from him, stood up and backed away. She
started slowly unbuttoning her shirt, easing it off her shoulder, down her body
then dropping it to the floor. She looked him in the eyes and smiled. She then
stroked down her sides to her mini skirt. She unzipped it, eased it over her
hips then let it drop to the floor in a pool around her feet. She reached up
and loosened her hair, shaking it to fluff it out. She looked at him, licked
her lips then smiled. She reached around and unclasped her bra, slid the straps
slowly down her arms then tossed it aside. She ran her hands softly over her
breasts, tweaking her nipples. She tossed her head back, moaning. Looking at
him again she licked her lips. Her hands ran over her stomach to her panties,
and then she bent over, putting her hands on the insides of her thighs, looking
deep into his eyes the whole time. Then straightening up she turned around,
flipped her hair over her shoulder and bent over, looking back at him. She then
hooked her thumbs in her panties and eased them down over her ass, wiggling it
side to side. When she got them to her knees she let them drop to the floor. S
he then spread her legs further apart and with one finger started stroking up
and down her wet pussy. He groaned softly, eyes glued to her finger, his cock
feeling hard as iron.

She, gently, separated her lips and rubbed the soft, pink
interior. He could see moisture glistening on the interior, coating her finger
as she rubbed. He could smell the soft, pleasant musk of her pussy starting to
permeate the room. The soft nub of her clit started poking shyly out of the
folds of her lips, glistening with her dewey moisture. He reached down and
started to rub his swollen, throbbing cock through his pants. Her eyes were
glued to his hand, her hand moving up to start rubbing her clit in small, slow
circles. She closed her eyes and moaned softly, her hips starting to move in
time with her finger. He could see the insides of her thighs started glistening
with moisture.

She looked at him again, her eyes cloudy and half-lidded.
She watched his face as she spread her pussy lips apart then slowly slipped a
finger deep inside her wet, dripping slit. She moaned loudly and shivered.

He leaned back, propping himself up on an elbow so he could
still watch the show she was putting on. He quickly undid his jeans, freeing
the massive hard-on that was threating to burst the zipper and was starting to
cause some pain because of its confinement. His eyes were glued to her fingers
as he slowly started to stroke his cock.

She licked her lips at the sight of him stroking his ten
inches. Slowly, she started moving her finger in and out, making sure her lips
were still spread so he could see everything. Her hips started thrusting onto
her finger as it moved faster.

She bit her lips and shut her eyes as she started rubbing
her clit in sync with the thrust of her fingers. S he whimpered, her body
shivering and shaking as she started building to a climax.

His eyes were glued to the ministrations of her fingers,
his cock feeling as hard as steel in his hand. He could smell her mush
permeating the rooms as she got more excited. It seemed to find the pleasure
centers in his brain, turning him on more, firing his libido higher. He flicked
his tongue against his incisors then licked his lips. His hand moving faster on
his cock.

Her hips ground down on her hand. Moaning loudly she pulled
her finger out of her pussy and off her clit then she just rubbed her palm up
and down her dripping slit, letting herself calm down and regain control since
she didn't want to cum yet. She whimpered softly, looking into his eyes.

He drew a ragged breath, stopped stroking his cock and
looked at her, his body bathed in sweat. He stared into her eyes thinking he
saw a change in them but chalked it up to her state of extreme excitement. He
reached into his jeans and softly stroked his swollen balls.

She moaned softly, her eyes boring into his, beseeching
him. She wanted him to take charge, to tell her what he wanted her to do. She
sensed that need in him, that want to dominate. So she stayed bent over, legs
spread, looking deep into his icy blue eyes.

He pulled his hand out of his pants and leaned back, his
eyes never leaving hers. He chuckled softly, &quot;that was some show you put
on Danyealla. I love watching a woman pleasuring herself. Now, stand up and
turn around.&quot; He waited to see if she would obey or ignore him.

She stood up, slowly, then faced him, looking into his
eyes. &quot;What is it you wish from me Darious? What may I do that would
pleasure you?&quot;

He groaned softly, submissive women were such a turn-on, so
much fun to play with. His eyes bored into hers, &quot;Come over and stand in
front of me.&quot;

She obeyed quickly, her eyes locked with his.

&quot;Very good pretty one. Now, kneel between my
legs.&quot;

She quickly knelt down, her eyes looking his throbbing cock
up and down before they returned to his.

He chuckled softly, &quot;Like the way my cock looks don't
you? You wonder what it'll feel like in your pussy don't you? I bet you even
wonder what it'll taste like.&quot;

She whimpered softly, her eyes never leaving his.

He reached out and firmly grasped her chin between his
thumb and forefinger. With his other hand he stroked his cock making sure his
hard-on lost none of its magnificence. He then ran his forefinger down the
slit, collecting dome pre-cum on it. He brought it up to her lips and ran it
lightly over them, his eyes never leaving hers.

Looking deep into his eyes she ran her tongue lightly
across her lips, tasting the salty tangyness of his essence.

He felt his cock twitch as she licked his pre-cum. He held
his finger in front of her. &quot;Lick my fingers clean. You know you want more
of it.&quot;

She stuck her tongue out and ran it from the tip down the
underside then up over the top of it. Then she lowered her mouth onto it and
started sucking, moving her head up and down, tightening her lips down. She
looked up at him while doing so.

He watched her avidly, his cock twitching, the head getting
wetter.

As she sucked her tongue ran along the sides of it. She
then flicked it, lightly, across the tip.

He chuckled softly running his fingers through her hair.
&quot;Such a good job Danyealla. You want to feel my cock in your mouth don't
you? To taste the real thing.&quot;

She just nodded.

He grasped his cock and ran it lightly across her lips. Her
tongue darted out and lightly tickled the head, licking the moisture off. He
shivered as her soft, rough tongue touched his turgid flesh,

He pulled away slight and looked down at her, eyes slightly
glazed. He then leaned back on his elbows and spread his legs wide. Running his
tongue over his lips he grinned at her. He growled softly, not a growl of anger
and meant to frighten but a sound of suppressed desire and passion. He then
held his cock out pointed to her mouth, &quot;Suck it, suck it good for me
baby.&quot;

She smiled then wrapped one small hand around the base
underneath where his hand was leaned forward and lightly, with the very tip of
her tongue, licked down the slit in the head then flattening it out she licked
the head as if it was a lollipop, from the top downwards. She ran it lightly
around the ridge under the head. She felt him tense up and heard his sharp
intake of breath as she worked on the sensitive flesh. Then, flattening out her
tongue again she rubbed in against that sensitive place on the underside of the
head.

When her tongue touched that area he arched up, trying to
get her tongue to press down harder, groaning loudly.

Her tongue then ran down the underside all the way to the
base. Slowly she covered every inch of it with her tongue. When it was wet and
glistening she started to blow softly on it. Her warm breath on his wet flesh
causing him to groan.

She chuckled softly then slowly lowered her mouth down onto
his cock. She kept swallowing until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. She
then started sucking softly, her tongue softly swirling around the base.

Then she started moving her mouth up and down, her tongue
dragging up and down the underside every so often flicking against the head or
drag up the slit. She let her hands softly move up the inside of each thigh,
her fingertips gently tickling the denim. She then grasped the waistband and
started tugging his jeans and underwear down.

When they were down she pushed his legs apart then moved
closer to him, her golden hair brushing across his inner thighs, her mouth
never missing a stroke. Her free hand gently cupped his balls and softly rubbed
and massaged them. Her fingers softly tickled the backside of them.

She looked up so she could watch the expression on his
face, it letting her know if she was doing what he liked. She then pulled one
of his hands down on top of her head, placing her hand on top of it. She was
trying to give him the signal to guide her how he liked it.

He got the hint, gently guiding her head the way he wanted
her to do it, laying fully back on the bed. His hips started to move in gentle
rhythm with her mouth. His body glazed in sweat, moaning softly.

Continuing to suck, she spread her own legs, letting her
musky scent fill the room more, knowing the pheromone contained in her scent
would heighten his arousal even more. She reached down and started to rub her
clit softly, moaning onto his cock.

He felt the vibrations, making him shiver. He then sat up,
stopped her head with his hands then started to thrust his cock into her mouth
with the speed and firmness he liked. He shut his eyes, reviling in the feeling
of her silky wet mouth. He started shivering and moaning loudly.

She opened her mouth as he started thrusting harder and
faster, continuing to softly rub his balls until she felt them harden slightly
and draw up. Knowing his body was signaling its intention to release she pulled
away from him, wiping her mouth.

When her mouth left his turgid flesh he started taking big
gulps of air, trying to cool down a little. Her mouth felt fantastic and had
close to cumming faster than any woman ever. He closed his eyes and leaned back
on his hands trying to regain his self-control, something he very rarely lost
but was close to doing.

She sat back, watching him, a small smile playing at the
corners of her mouth. &quot;Did you enjoy that Darious?&quot;

He opened his eyes and looked at her, &quot;That's a dumb
question.&quot; He chuckled.

She giggled a little looking at him. She sat and waited for
him to make the next move or tell her what he wanted her to do next.

He lay back on the bed taking deep breaths. She was good,
he though, she knew just when to stop. His cock was as hard as an iron spike,
throbbing in time to his hammering hear. All his insides were throbbing and
quivering. His cock was so ultra sensitive that if she had touched that sensitive
place on the underside, that place where the head and the shaft join, with her
tongue again he would have blown all over her face. He felt the heat rise to
his face and the pressure throb behind his eyes.

He finally sat up and gave her a long and lustful look.
Standing up he looked down at her, his cock standing straight out in front of
him. He reached down, wrapped his hands around her upper arms and pulled her
into a standing position in front of him. He pulled her into a passionate
embrace, kissing her long and seep, his tongue thrusting deep into her mouth.

While kissing her he turned her around and backed up until
the backs of her knees were touching the edge of the mattress. Breaking off the
kiss, looking into her eyes he untangled his arms from around her and shoved
her onto the bed.

She lay back, panting, looking up at him. She spread her
legs, propping her feet on the edge of the mattress. She locked eyes with him
and started rubbing her breasts, softly pinching and tweaking her nipples. Then
she pushed them together and flicked her tongue against both nipples. She heard
him growl, her gaze licked on her tongue.

She then wet the tip of her finger in her mouth then
reached down and twirled it around one nipple then the other. Her finger then
trailed down the center of her breastbone, over the center of her stomach, over
her pubic bone then down over her sparsely haired pussy. She traced her finger
softly over her hard clit, shivering. Her pussy lips were swollen, distended
and parted showing the delicate, pink interior of her pussy, wet and
glistening. She moaned softly, her hips lifting off the bed in response to her
own touch.

She felt her flesh flush with desire, her pulse speed up,
sweat starting to sprout from her skin, blood pounding in her ears and the soft
throbbing in her groin start, signaling her extreme excitement. As her
excitement increased so did her hunger. She knew the more turned on her got the
hungrier she would get, adding to the excitement of the encounter. To see how
long she could maintain self control and not change, see how many orgasms she
could have before the hunger took over and she had to change, to see how long
she could go before she had to let the beast out. She looked at him, panting,
eyes beseeching him.

He stood back, watching the show she was putting on to let
him know what she did had turned her on, letting him know she wanted him. He
wasn't sure how he knew this but something about her seemed to impart this to
him, her eyes conveying her lust and need. He stepped forward, the outside of
his thighs brushing against his cock and upper thighs. The heady muskiness of
her scent seemed to lodge in his brain, causing him to think of nothing but
burying his rock hard cock into her dripping snatch and fucking her until she was
begging him to stop because she couldn't stand anymore and he couldn't get it
up anymore.

He grabbed his cock and rubbed it against her dripping
slit. He looked down at her, growling. &quot;Do you want this? Do you want me
to bury it deep into your hot pussy and fuck you? Is that what you want? Answer
me!&quot;

She whimpered loudly, rubbing her pussy up and down on the
head of his cock, &quot;Oh yes!&quot;

He leaned forward and kissed her, trying to impart with it
the desire he had for her. He broke it off, an animalistic look on his face.
&quot;Tell me exactly what you want in no uncertain terms.&quot;

She shivered all over, arching up slightly, grinding her
pussy onto the head of his cock. Then in a low growl replied, &quot;I want you
to drive you big, hard cock deep into my pussy and fuck me!&quot;&quot; She
ground down on him harder, moaning loudly.

He eased the very tip into her then stopped, locking eyes
with her. He felt her trying to push herself down onto him thus driving his
throbbing cock deeper into her. He grabbed her hips firmly and held them so she
couldn't succeed. He was watching her face. Her eyes were begging him and she
was moaning and whimpering softly. He licked his lips and rotated his hips
slightly causing his cock to wiggle inside her. He saw her grip the sheets
tightly as a long, low moan escaped her lips. He chuckled softly, &quot;Like
that do you? If you want more then tell me you give yourself to me freely and
willingly. Tell me you accept me totally for what I am.&quot; He knew if she
replied in the affirmative that he would be free to visit her again anytime he
felt like. He ground his cock around again, &quot;Tell me!&quot;

Her brow furrowed slightly, she knew what he said meant
something important, having heard or read it somewhere but in the state she was
in her thought process was all a jumble and she just couldn't remember what it
meant. When he wiggled his cock around she ignored her doubts then whimpered
loudly. &quot;Yes! I accept you and give myself to you! Please fuck me!&quot;

He chuckled softly, leaning down and kissed her roughly,
thrusting his tongue into her mouth as he slammed himself deep into her. He
then started thrusting hard and fast.

She moaned loudly, moving her hips in time with his
thrusts. She wrapped her arms around him, digging her nails into his back,
panting.

He lay down, propping himself on an elbow then reached down
between them and started playing with her clit. First, rubbing it softly
between two fingers then pinching and twisting it softly.

When he touched her it felt like a jolt of electricity
surging though her whole system. Her pussy juice was dripping onto him, wetting
his entire crotch. She screeched loudly into his ear. When he pinched her clit
she started shivering and shaking all over. She wrapped her legs around the
small of his back, digging her heels in.

When her legs wrapped around him he started thrusting
harder and faster, rubbing her clit side to side quickly. He felt her pussy
contract tightly and she arched harder onto him, knowing this meant she was
close to cumming. He started to kiss her rough and passionately. He then kissed
his way over to her ear. For a bit he just panted and grunted then said,
&quot;That's it baby, feels good doesn't it? My cock feels so good in your twat
doesn't it? You love me fucking you; love how good my cock makes you feel.

&quot;I want to feel you cum. I want you to show me how
good I'm making you feel by cumming.&quot;

She clutched him tighter, moaning and shaking. She shut her
eyes and whimpered, &quot;Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit! Yes, yes, yes, yes. It
feels so fucking good! Don't stop! Yessssssss! More!&quot; She was pushing her
clit harder down onto his finger, her legs tightening around his waist, nails
digging deeper into his back.

He pushed himself upright and thrust himself in to the
hilt, grinding himself in a long slow circle. Then pounding into her hard and
fast. He growled long, low and loud, looking into her face. &quot;Look at me
damn it! Open your eyes and look at me! I want to see your face and the look in
your eyes while I fuck you.&quot;

She opened her eyes and looked up into his face. They were clouded
over and drooped, showing clearly her state of arousal. She bit her bottom lip
and whimpered softly.

He ground into her. &quot;That's it baby; I want to see in
your eyes how good it's making you feel.&quot; He could feel her clit starting
to throb and knew she was about to cum so he started rubbing it faster and
harder.

He heard a sharp intake of breath and she started quivering
all over. Her eyes opened wider and glazed over. He knew she was within seconds
of cumming.

She could feel the pressure in her loins building and the
deep throbbing getting stronger. She let loose of his shoulders, flung her arms
outwards and grabbed the sheets, gripping a handful in each fist. Her body
started trembling and quaking, her legs tightening more, her back arched, her
eyes rolled back and she let out a long scream as her orgasm washed over her,
slamming onto him hard and fast. She felt every hair on her body stand up. Her
muscles clenched tight and quivered. Wave after wave of unadulterated pleasure
washed over her.

He watched her face closely, continuing to slam into her
while his finger continued to work on her clit.

When he saw her collapse back, panting he pulled his hand
off and slowed his pace down. He leaned down and kissed her passionately,
grinding his hips in a slow circle, burying himself in to the hilt.

She wrapped herself tightly around him, kissing him back
with equal fervor, grinding down on him, moaning into his mouth. Reaching up
she ran her fingers through his hair, gently tugging him closer to her, her
hips meeting his thrusts.

He abruptly got up on his knees and let himself slide out
of her. He put his hands on his knees, lowered his head and panted, taking in
deep gulps of air, trying to calm down and regain his self-control. She had him
on the verge of totally losing it, something that hadn't happened to him in a
long time. Her smell was a heady essence that was like a drug; the more he
smelled it the more he wanted to smell it. He lifted his head and looked down
at her.

She was also panting, her body glistening with a light
sheen of seat, fists still gripping the sheets, and legs spread wide, thighs
wet with her juices. She groaned softly, letting out a ragged breath then
looked at him, licking her lips.

He watched her, feeling his cock twitching in anticipation.
He then got onto all fours and crawled up until he was straddling her. Leaning
down, he kissed her hard and rough. He grabbed a handful of her hair, forcing
her to deepen the kiss.

She moaned into his mouth, arching up against him then
reached out and grasped his forearms tightly. She could feel his sweat dripping
down onto her, her nostrils filled with his masculine scent, her nostrils
flared, trying to breath more of him in. Her insides started clenching a sign
that her hunger and need were growing with her state of arousal. She was
whimpering into his mouth, shivering all over.

He pulled his mouth off and stared sown at her, hard,
panting heavily. He locked eyes with her. &quot;Do you want more?&quot;

She licked her lips, &quot;Yes, I do.&quot;

&quot;Then more you shall get.&quot; He leaned down and
started kissing her passionately, lowering himself down onto his haunches. He
put his hands around her ankles, rubbing them softly, moving them up to rub her
calves before letting his fingertips slowly trace up the inside of her thighs,
feeling gooseflesh rise in their wake. He saw her chest starting to heave,
heard her start to pant and saw her eyes getting cloudy with desire.

He then put his hands behind her knees and pulled her to
him until she was pressed to him. Then he propped her legs on his shoulders and
reached down then guided his cock into her. He felt her shudder as it filled
her up. Leaning over he propped himself up and started sliding in and out
again.

Arching up, she moaned loudly. Reaching out she grasped his
forearms, holding on tightly. She looked up into his eyes, panting.

He ground into her then started to hammer into her hard and
fast making sure his pelvis was rubbing on her clit. He knew by how turned on
he was he wasn't going to be able to stop this time, his self-control was
almost gone. He leaned down and kissed her roughly, almost animalistic,
growling into her mouth, nipping at her bottom lip occasionally.

She wrapped her arms under his biceps digging her nails
deeply into his shoulders. Her hips thrusting up against him, grinding her
pussy onto him.

Breaking the kiss he pushed off her slightly, he watched
her face as he started pounding into her as hard as he could, breath coming in
harsh gasps. His hair was soaked with sweat, plastered to his head. Sweat was
running down his face and body his face and body dripping down onto her. He
moaned loudly, &quot;yes, baby, so fucking good!&quot; He did a long, hard
grind into her making sure he was directly on her clit as he did.

She could tell by his movements and facial expression that
he was close to the point of no return, as was she. As he ground onto her she
felt her own orgasm overtake her and she let the change happen. Her legs
tightened around hi9m as her muscle structure thickened and she became more
heavily muscled. She lifted her hips off the bed as a tail sprouted from the
base of her spine. She let go of his shoulders and gripped the sheets as her
nails thickened and grew into sharp claws. Her hair thickened and grew into the
mane of a cat. Her eyes changed into a greenish-golden color. Her ears started
twitching then elongated and fur sprouted from them until they came the ears of
a cat. The final part of the transformation was her incisors elongated into
razor-sharp fangs. She let out a roar of pure pleasure. She looked up at him,
licking her hips, &quot;That's it Darious, fuck me good! It feels so damned
good! Give me more! Yessssssssssss!&quot; Her voice had also changed; it was
now much deeper and huskier. She continued to thrust hard up onto him.

He was stunned into almost stopping when he saw her
transform underneath him but his cock had other ideas. As she changed her pussy
contracted tightly and had his cock screaming for release. He held off for
several more minutes trying to think, something that was hard since his thought
process seemed to be swimming upstream against all the hormones. After a couple
minutes it all clicked, she wasn't human at all, she was a she-devil. That was
the reason he was so fucking turned on, it was something her species could
easily do from what he had heard. He continued fucking her hard and fast,
unable to stop what was coming.

She urged him on, her hunger gnawing at every fiber,
&quot;Come on Darious, cum in me. I want to feel it. Please!&quot; She
tightened down as much as she could, grinding her hips in long, slow circles,
trying to trigger his orgasm.

The long slow grind did it, he threw his head back, let out
an earth shattering grown and started shooting deep into her. He felt her pull
him flat onto her and her razor sharp fangs sink deep into his shoulder. He
continued pistoning into her as his balls emptied.

His blood hit her like some high powered drug, making her
head spin and her body shake. With his blood came what he was, not a human but
a demon. She was shocked and stunned. She finished feeding as quickly as she
could then licked the wound closed, thinking that her saliva would have the
same amnesiac effect to the change and bite as it had on humans. Her only
thought being to get the fuck out and as far away from him as she could, as
fast as she could.

He felt her lick the wound closed as he collapsed on top of
her. He knew she was trying to make him forget but it didn't work on his kind.
He closed his eyes and nuzzled his face onto her hair, groaning softly. He felt
her stiffen against him and sensing her desire to feel. He tried thinking of a
way to keep her with him. His kind would do anything to have a she-devil,
knowing about their legendary sexy drive. &quot;That was fantastic baby. You
are in-fucking-credible. Give me a little bit and we can go again.&quot; He was
hoping to stall her.

It was to no avail. She shoved him up and rolled out from
under him. She smiled at him as she found her clothes and started yanking them
on quickly. &quot;I wish I could but I've got to get home.&quot; She was still
dizzy, light headed and shaking all over but managed to get everything into
place quickly.

He quickly grabbed his wallet then fished around inside
until he came up with a business card with his home number on it. He pressed it
into her hand, &quot;Call me son and we'll go out.&quot;

She stuffed it in her pocket. &quot;Sure. Bye.&quot; She
got out as fast as she could. She didn't stop shaking until she was halfway
him. She vowed to avoid him at all cost and to never go back to that bar again.

He leaned back on the bed and tried to think how he was
going to find her.

&nbsp;










&nbsp;

Chapter 2

&#65279; 

He found her place easily enough, it was out of the way and
hidden but one of her 'friends' had told him exactly where to find it. He
jimmied the lock and let himself inside. He retained his human form so as not
to frighten her or put her on the defensive. From what he knew and read about
she-devils he knew at the first glimpse of his true form without warning she
would shift and be ready to fight. The she-devils rep. was a ferocious one and
he knew she was quite capable of hurting him seriously in a fight. She couldn't
kill him nor him her but he knew she was quite capable of hurting him bad
enough to send him back to hell. He slipped silently into her bedroom and stood
there watching her sleep, amazed by her beauty and sensuality, still not
believing that he found the oft heard of creature. He heard her man and whimper
softly in her sleep then turn onto her back, one leg thrust out from under the
covers. Her brow furrowed as if sensing something was wrong.

He watched her for quite a while, licking his lips, feeling
both his members stir in his pants. He spent the last couple weeks since their
encounter trying to learn as much as he could about this mysterious creature.
What he learned by making himself &quot;dim&quot; and sitting in a deep dark
corner of a bar frequented by other she-devils was that she was the oldest of
her kind around and the most powerful anywhere, maybe the most powerful ever.
Also that she was a ferocious fighter and could easily kill any dark creature
there ever was. Even other of her kind feared her. He knew he was going to have
t proceed with extreme caution while dealing with her.

He watched her for a few more minutes then as quietly as he
could, withdrew some chains. He hoped he could get them on her before she woke
up. These weren't any ordinary chains; they were forged in hell and meant to
hold the likes of him so he knew they would hold her. He needed her confined
while he talked to her not to go into hand to hand combat. He quietly stepped to
the bed and as carefully as he could got her chained, praying to his powers
that bed not to let her awaken while he was doing it.

At last he finished and stepped back to the foot of the
bed. He knew once she woke up she would be mad as hell and ready for a fight.
He licked his lips again and watched her closely. He wanted her badly
and in a way he had never wanted any human woman before. The first night they
were together, it was a one night stand on both their parts he had no illusions
on that score, the sex had been spectacular, nothing like he had ever
experienced before with a human female. He knew now that was partially her
doing. Something a she-devil was quite capable of. He wanted more. He wanted
this creature for his own.

He moved to a chair at the foot of the bed and sat down,
steepling his fingers and watched her, eyes glowing slightly, both his members
growing, waiting for her to awaken. He was trying to formulate the best way to
handle the whole situation. He knew that she would be angry and upset but more
to the point she would be ready to fight. That was something he didn't want.

Gradually, she started stirring on the bed, moaning softly.
He knew she was slowly starting to awaken. He watched her closely, trying to
figure out the best way to handle it. She moved around, slowly swimming out of
the depths of sleep. She pulled her arms towards her chest and when she
couldn't get them there she awoke with a start. She looked at the chains,
growling long and loud. Then she looked towards the foot of the bed. She saw
him and growled a warning, sitting up the best she could, glaring at him.

He knew instantly tying her up had not been a wise move.
She was really pissed. He sat back in his chair and smiled, &quot;Hello
Danyealla. We meet again.&quot;

She snarled at him, &quot;What do you want? More to the
point, what in the hell are you doing in my house? And, it would be in your
best interests to get these chains off me.&quot;

He looked her directly in the eyes, his smile growing
wider. He leaned back in the chair, steepling his fingers once again. He was
trying to think of the best way to proceed and calm her down. The fire he saw
in her eyes was turning him on. &quot;I'm not going to let you loose at this
point; I think that would be hazardous to my health. Now, if you calm down and
listen to what I have to say then we'll see about letting you loose. But, alas,
we both know you're far too dangerous for me to let loose in the state you are
in.&quot;

She tried to put on her most innocent expression and to
muster a helpless female look then said, &quot;What makes you think 'lil ole'
me is dangerous?&quot;

He chuckled and grinned at her, &quot;Don't go there, I
know how dangerous you are. You're a she-devil. And I know those are among the
deadliest of the dark creatures.&quot;

He chuckled and grinned at her, &quot;Don't go there, I
know how dangerous you are. You're a she-devil. And I know those are among the
deadliest of the dark creatures.&quot;

Her expression changed slightly, &quot;Me? A
she-devil?&quot; She felt her heart start to pound in her chest.

He chuckled. &quot;A saw your true form when you changed to
fee off of me. The trick you use with mortals doesn't work with me.&quot;

She sat up the best she could, the sheets slipping down
over her chest, revealing she was nude under the covers. His eyes raked up and
down her nude flesh then he looked back into her face.

He settled back in his chair, chuckling and smiling at her,
&quot;You and I are a lot alike you know that?&quot;

She snarled, &quot;We are not alike! I was human and
am still more human than you ever thought of being.&quot;

He chuckled again, the mirth showing in his eyes.
&quot;Ahh, details. No, I am not human and never have been. But you aren't
human either. You once were but that is now gone.&quot;

She rolled her eyes, &quot;Fine, whatever. Tell me, why are
you here?&quot;

He leaned forward and looked at her more intently,
&quot;You intrigue me.&quot;

She snorted and grinned, shifting to a more comfortable
position. &quot;A demon, intrigued by lil' ole' me? I don't think so. From what
I know about demons they aren't intrigued by anything for very long.&quot;

He smiled and shifted around in the chair, still looking at
her. &quot;True but I am not your stereotypical demon. I feed off lust, really
not that much different than what you do. And yes, you intrigue me.&quot;

She snorted and rolled her eyes again. &quot;What do you
want with me?&quot;

He smiled at her, &quot;You, my intriguing little kitty
cat. I want to be with you and have wanted that since the night we were
together. You have no idea what it took for me to find you or this place.&quot;

She snarled at him, &quot;Well, you don't intrigue me. As a
matter of fact I don't want you here. Didn't you think there was a reason I
never got in touch with you after that night?&quot; He smiled and chuckled then
got up and moved towards the bed.

She growled a warning at him and backed up further against
the headboard.

He leaned down and looked deeply into her eyes. She growled
long and low. He chuckled again. &quot;You need me more than you know. Yes, you
were once human and that allows you to live among them easily. You know what
their nature is, allowing you to exploit what they are for your own needs. You
and I are more alike than what you think we are.&quot; He stood up and traced
one finger, lightly, down the inside of her thigh.

She growled a warning at him, fangs slowly starting to
descend into view, eyes flashing. &quot;DO NOT compare the two of us! We may
share SOME things in common but we are NOT alike. Whatever needs I may have a
human or a werewolf would suffice to satisfy.&quot;

He chuckled, &quot;That is so cute Danyealla. You can
deceiver yourself or think what you want but we are more alike than you wish t
admit. I can do for you what no other dark creature could dream of doing. I can
give you whatever your need is in a way none of the others can.&quot; He leaned
down and looked into her eyes. &quot;I'm the man you need whether you'll admit
that to yourself or not.&quot;

She snarled at him, fangs bared, her eyes changing to the
greenish-golden eyes of a cat. &quot;You are NOT a man and never have been.
You're a denizen of hell.&quot;

He chucked and stood up, looking down at her, &quot;Dani,
Dani, Dani... , that is so cute, you are so cute. There is a need in you that I
can sense but I'm not sure what it is. I'll find out though, that I assure you.
There's a pain in you that I can sense, a longing that is yet unfulfilled. I
will find it and give you what you so desire in a way that no moral can do for
you.&quot;

She leaned back against the headboard. &quot;There's
unrequited need and want in everyone. They don't need a demon to fulfill
anything for me and I don't need one to do it for me now.&quot;

He stroked the side of her face and chuckled when she
yanked her head away and glared at him. He then walked away and sat back down,
a smile playing at the corners of his mouth. &quot;You're so in control of
yourself. You need to let that go pretty one. In lust and passion there should
be no control. It's infinitely more pleasurable that way. I can teach you to
give that up and submit to the pure act of pleasure.&quot; &quot;Many have
tried to make me loose control but all have failed. OF all things I've lost
over the centuries my self control isn't one of them. And I don't need you
to teach me how to lose that. I don't need you to teach me anything!&quot;

&quot;I met one of your play toys in hell once. Two days
after your encounter he committed suicide. He decided he couldn't live without
you and when you rejected him he killed himself rather than live without
you.&quot;

She snorted again, &quot;A weak human male is all, t'was my
mistake to tangle with him in the first place, nothing more, nothing
less.&quot;

He chuckled watching her closely, &quot;By the way, love
what you did with the Marquis De Sade. I doubt even he could've handled you
pretty one.&quot; &quot;He was an interesting play toy for the time we were
together but that's all it was.&quot; &quot;I somewhat doubt he had the
imagination to come up with what he did all by himself. I imagine what he is most
famous for came from you didn't it?&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;I'm not going to dignify that with a
response and let you think what you will.&quot;

He got back up and walked over to the bed. He stroked one
finger from her belly button to her chest, poking it painfully. She made no
sound, just looked at him. &quot;I don't want to break your turn you into
something you don't want to be, just to bend you, to expound on something that
is already in you, something you seem to want. So, against my better judgment
I'm going to let you loose and let the chips fall where they may.&quot; He
produced the key and unlocked the shackles.

She was off the bed in a flash, starting to fully shift,
glaring at him, rubbing her wrists. She looked him in the eye, &quot;What
exactly do you want with me?&quot;

He reached out to stroke her hair but she backed away.
&quot;Why, haven't you figured that out yet? I want you.&quot;

&quot;You are the most arrogant and obnoxious being I've
ever met. You're a demon and all those are cold hearted, not something I want
to be with.&quot;

He looked her up and down, watching her face change,
fascinated. &quot;In other words, the demon equivalent of you Danyealla?&quot;
She growled long and low, eyes flashing, &quot;I don't want you here.&quot;

He sat back down and chuckled, keeping his eyes on her.
&quot;Do you not remember the other night and the question I asked you? You did
tell me you wanted me but you also told me that you accepted me, accepted me
wholly and for what I am. And in saying that you gave me an open invitation to
visit you. All together the sum of the whole equation means thus; that you want
me. So, volia', I'm here.&quot; He spread his hand apart and grinned at her.

She glowered at him and crossed her arms over her chest.
&quot;This isn't as complex as you're making it out to be. It's rather simple
as a matter of fact. It meant I wanted you that night, no more, no less.&quot;

He grinned from ear to ear, &quot;Are you sure?&quot;

She rolled her eyes, &quot;Am I sure? Yes, I'm sure! Why do
you think I left so fast after I found out what you are?&quot;

&quot;You left so fast because you were unwilling to deal
with the unknown denominator of me being a demon. That had nothing to do with
you not liking what we did and wanting me. Also wanting more because you
do.&quot;

Her eyes flashed again and she bared her fangs at him.
&quot;No, I do not want you. I want nothing to do with a demon.&quot; He
let out a full throated laugh, eyes twinkling. &quot;You silly kitty you. If
you just wanted me that night I wouldn't have been able to enter your domicile
tonight.&quot;

She growled at him again, &quot;You chose a very
opportunistic moment to ask me what you needed to. I would have agreed to
almost anything and you knew it. You're very good Darious.&quot;

He chuckled again, &quot;Very true. The thing is this
though, and listen very carefully Miss Kitty, you spoke these words true, but
more than that, your souls spoke them as well, loud and clear. You're soul
screamed them out.&quot;

&quot;Bullshit! On that score you're doing nothing but
deceiving yourself.&quot;

He watched her closely, steepling his fingers once again,
his eyes locked on her. &quot;I'm not here to lie Danyealla. I don't lie; it's
not in my nature. I may bend the truth slightly but I don't lie.&quot;

&quot;Bullshit. I don't want you. You just want a she-devil
as a play toy like most of your kind. Our sex drive is the thing legends are
made of, thus making us a prize to your kind. All my kind knows that, that's
why we avoid demons.&quot;

&quot;Hmm. That is partially true. My kind does crave to
own on of you because of your sacristy. But that's only partially why I want
you. You also intrigue me and you want and need me as well.&quot;

She glowered at him, &quot;I don't believe you.&quot;
&quot;You've bitten me and ingested my blood, contained there in is my nature
so somewhere in you you know I don't lie. But if it makes you feel better to
deceive yourself, feel free.

&quot;We have become distracted from the true area of the
discussion, my pretty kitty, your wanting and needing me.&quot;

She let out an ear numbing snarl and her eyes flashed a
warning, &quot;I do not want or need you. The only things I want and
need is for you to get out and leave me alone!&quot;

He chuckled, eyes twinkling, &quot;My, my, my! Such a
passionate response pretty one.&quot; He leaned forward in his chair and locked
his eyes with hers, his gaze strong and steady. &quot;I can give you what you
long for Danyealla, the gift of true, unadulterated passion. Passion every
female longs for. The kind of passion that makes you lose self control. I can
give you that. All I ask in return is information on your species. Think about
it Danyealla, it's a win-win situation. We both get what we so crave, sexual
fulfillment from a creature that's the only one around that can truly satisfy
our sexual appetite. You do need me Danyealla; deep inside yourself you know
that. Give in to that need and I will give you pleasure the likes of which you
have never known in your long life.&quot;

She leveled her gaze with his, &quot;There is no need in me
so great that a demon needs to fulfill it. A human or werewolf suffices quite
well to quench any passion or need I have. Sorry to disappoint you
Darious.&quot;

He stood and walked over, standing over her, looking down
into her eyes, ignoring the flash in them and the long, low warning growl.
&quot;Allow me to prove it to you pretty one. Prove it in the simplest of
forms, a kiss. Allow me to kiss you and it will wipe away all doubts you have
about me.&quot;

She looked at him warily, &quot;A kiss?&quot;

&quot;A harmless kiss, that is all.&quot;

&quot;What if I allow you? Then will you leave and leave me
alone?&quot;

&quot;Yes. If I cannot give you what I said I could with a
single kiss then I'll leave and won't come back.&quot;

She was still wary, &quot;Alright. I agree, a single kiss.
I don't know what you think you can prove or give me with a kiss.&quot;

He stepped closer to her, smiling, looking deep into her
eyes. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her flush to him. He pressed
tightly to her body, letting her feel his hard, sinewy muscles ripple through
his clothes. One hand moved up and grabbed her hair at the base of her skull
and pulled her head back. The other hand snaked down her back then grabbed her
ass hard, pulling her pelvis onto his firmly so there was no way she couldn't
feel him through the fabric. He looked deep into her eyes for the longest time
before he inclined his head and lowered his lips onto hers. He kissed her
roughly and passionately, prying her lips apart with his then slipping his
tongue into her mouth. He tried to impart in that one passionate kiss what
passion and pleasure he could give her. But also he was trying to search her
soul for what it is she wanted what it was she craved but to no avail, she was
closed to him. So he tried to kiss her in such a way that would shake her very
being and make her blood boil.

Then after about five minutes he broke it off, still
holding her hair, looking down into her eyes. He growled long and low, a growl
he knew would shiver her whole body.

She stood still and looked up at him, a bored look on her
face. &quot;Is that all there is?&quot; He growled loud enough to make the
walls shake, his eyes flashing anger and frustration. He grasped her chin
between his thumb and forefinger, forcing her to look up into his eyes. He
bared his teeth and snarled, &quot;Apparently nice and kind doesn't work with
you does it? I need something more to get you're attention don't I?&quot; He
lowered his face until he was nose to nose with her, his eyes flashing
dangerously. &quot;I will make you beg me to take you.&quot;

She snorted and chuckled, eyes never wavering, &quot;You
wish.&quot; He glared at her, &quot;It's a fact my pretty one.&quot;

She shook her head slightly, her gaze still locked with
his, &quot;Others have tried and failed miserably. You think you can succeed
when so many have failed?&quot; He chuckled wickedly, &quot;I don't think
so little one, I KNOW so.&quot;

She snorted, giggled and shook her head, her eyes dancing,
&quot;Excuse me if I don't believe you.&quot;

He was not amused in the least. He roared long and loud,
causing the glass in the panes to shake. He then stepped away from her and
glared. &quot;Don't believe me hmm? I'm going to give you something to think
about then.&quot; Showing supernatural speed he shoved her, belly first, over
the foot of the bed. He held her down firmly and started to swat her on the ass
hard enough to leave welts in the wake of his hand. He kept doing it, hitting
over the welts.

There was no reaction from her other than a sharp intake of
breath. She looked back at him, her eyes revealing nothing, her tail disappearing.

Quickly, he put the shackles back on her and chained her to
the foot of the bed, her feet flat on the floor, spread eagle. He stood back,
panting, his eyes flashing. &quot;Like that slut? Bet you do. This is the only
thing sluts like you seem to understand.&quot; He stepped back and looked at
her, eyes flashing. &quot;You're my toy now, a little play thing for me
to do anything and everything I wish to. A pet if you will.&quot; He took a
step back and looked around. He glanced over at her, grinning, then he walked
around pulling open drawers and going through their contents, riffling through
her things, generally snooping.

She kept a poker face but waves of anger started washing
over her at the sight of him invading her personal space. Her anger floated off
her in increasing waves, like ripples in a pond.

He flinched slightly as the waves of anger hit him. He
turned and looked at her, smiling. &quot;What's the matter? Don't like me going
through your things? I get to do that know since I own you. What's yours is now
mine toy. So I just want to browse around and see what interesting things you
have about.&quot; He heard her growl and chucked then went back to nosing
around. He stood and looked over various implements and unguents on her vanity,
spying her silver hairbrush set. He grinned widely as he picked up the
hairbrush, it was really heavy. He turned and walked back to her, looking at
her, grinning from ear to ear, slapping the brush in the palm of his hand.

She looked up at him coolly, showing no reaction.

He looked down at her, chuckling. &quot;This is a very nice
brush toy. Nice and heavy. Bet it would be wonderful to use on your ass. Would
you like that slut? Me spanking your ass with it? Bet it would make your ass
hurt real good wouldn't it?&quot;

She growled, her eyes flashing and her fangs bared,
refusing to reply. She yanked on the chains and tried to get loose but to no
avail.

He grinned and chuckled, cocking his head to one side.
&quot;You'll eventually figure out that you can't get loose and that I'm in
charge here. He stepped closer and dropped the brush in front of her.
&quot;That definitely has uses. I'll leave it there until I need it.&quot; He
looked down at her and chuckled more. &quot;What's the matter toy? Not enjoying
this?&quot;

She yanked hard at the chains, pulling away from him. She
snarled loudly, eyes flashing.

He chuckled again, reaching out and patting her on the
head. She yanked her head away and growled. He chuckled louder. &quot;Hmm, a
pet that bites. Perhaps I should get a muzzle, yes?&quot; He grinned at her
then turned away to go back to nosing around. He walked over to the closet and
opened it. He felt her thoughts telling him that there was a hidden compartment
in there somewhere and she didn't want him to find it. He stopped and looked at
her. &quot;Don't want me to find it pet?&quot; Her face remained a placid
facade but inwardly her heart was hammering.

He grinned at her then stepped into the closet and started
going through her clothes. He started throwing them out of the closet. He heard
her growl and chuckled. He held up a very expensive cocktail dress. &quot;Being
my toy you won't be needing stuff like this anymore.&quot; He tossed it into a
heap on the floor, grinning at her look of fury then turned back to the closet.
Quickly several more high quality, expensive dresses joined it.

Finally, he stepped out with the final item in her
wardrobe, an exquisite silk ball gown. He held it up. He looked at her, one
eyebrow arched, grinning at her. &quot;This is unfit for a pet to wear wouldn't
you say? I think, perhaps, a hooker outfit would be more fitting for a slut
like you. With a nice studded dog collar to round out the ensemble, to show
everyone who cares to look that I and I alone own that cunt of yours from this
day forward. That would be appropriate wouldn't it pet?&quot; He stood there, a
small grin playing at the corners of his mouth.

She stared back at him, growling long and low, her eyes
flashing an unmistakable warning. Then she gave a mighty yank at the chains,
trying to free herself. But to no avail, they held her tight. She saw his smile
widen before he turned his back on her. She continued to struggle against the
chains, howling loudly.

He chuckled deeply as he stepped back inside. He started
tapping and feeling along the walls. He was not only looking for the switch but
it also let he know exactly where he was. She stopped howling at once. He
chuckled evilly and continued on.

He felt over the area where her shoes were kept. Suddenly
an area no bigger than a light switch plate depressed and a small door behind
her shoe tree swung open. He chuckled loudly, &quot;My, my, my, what have I
found?&quot; He said loud enough for her to hear.

She groaned and murmured a soft, &quot;Oh shit.&quot;
Things stored in there were part of her life very few people knew about and a
part she definitely didn't want him knowing about.

He chuckled long and low as he pulled out items that
obviously showed that she was enamored and involved with the BDSM lifestyle. He
stepped out with an armload, walked over, and dumped them in front of her. He
grinned bigger and chuckled, &quot;Well, well, well, a collector! A part of
your life you tried to hide, hmm? Ashamed of it?&quot; She took a sharp intake
of breath and bit her bottom lip. Despite the situation she was in the sight of
implements of the part of her life she kept from everyone except her closest
friends, turned her on. She knew the use for everything that was arrayed before
her but more to the point she knew what each of them felt like when used by
someone with the proper skill and the exquisite feeling of pain mixed with
pleasure that they produced. Despite not wanting to be turned on she felt that
surge of adrenaline course through her veins and felt her pussy starting to
drip. She tried hard to maintain the look of boredom outwardly but the struggle
inside herself, the not wanting to give into this being and the want to totally
abandon herself to the feelings she knew BDSM could give her was very strong

He slowly arranged them on the bed, running his fingers
over each one and chuckled evilly, &quot;Aah, I'm extremely familiar with each
and every one of these toys and just how to use them.&quot; He looked at her,
&quot;Decisions, decisions, which one to use first.&quot; He scanned the items
again then picked up the riding crop. He swished it back and forth a couple
times; chuckling evilly then stepped behind her. His eyes raked from her ankles,
up her calves over her firm thighs to her naked, upturned ass. He could see her
pussy peak through her partially spread cheeks, it was wet and the lips parted
slightly. He reached out and ran his fingers from the crease where the upper
thigh met the cheek up and over her cheek. He felt her tense up slightly and
grinned. &quot;I wonder how that ass is going to feel when I get done with it.
All hot, stinging, feeling heavy and have that nice rosy red glow to it. The
pain afterwards every time you sit down the next few days reminding you of just
what I did. The long red welts that hurt every time they are touched for a week
afterwards.&quot; He took a couple steps backwards and swung the crop at her
ass. It landed dead center across both her cheeks, leaving an angry read welt
in its wake.

She jumped and hissed but that was her only outward
reaction. Inwardly, she felt her blood surge at the delicious pain. Bolts of
electricity surged to her pussy, making it throb and her juices flow more
heavily.

He continued using it, trying to cover every inch of her
ass, leaning long red welts after each swat. &quot;This is turning you on isn't
it toy? Your hot cunt is getting creamier with each swat isn't it?&quot; He
laid an extra hard stroke across one of the welts. &quot;Answer me or I won't
stop!&quot; He started laying strokes across the fiery red welts.

She looked back at him, eyes devoid of all emotion, not
saying a word. She was turned on yes but wasn't going to let him know it.

He growled and gave her an extra hard swat, &quot;I said
speak!&quot;

She looked back at him, not even flinching.

He continued to smack her ass but stepped closer, grasped
her hair and pulled her head back. He growled and bared his teeth. &quot;I said
answer me! An the answer better contain the word master or sir. Do you
understand toy?&quot;

She locked eyes with him, &quot;Answer you?&quot; she
yawned and shook her head then faced forward again.

His eyes narrowed and he growled. He pulled her up more by
the hair and used the crop across her tits. She flinched slightly but no noise
and stared straight ahead.

He started to gradually shift. His eyes started glowing
blood red, his razor sharp fangs descended, his horns grew out of his head,
claws grew at the tips of each finger, he started growing bigger and his voice
deepened dramatically. He continued using the crop on her tits, growling.

She turned and looked at him, a bored look on her face. The
sight of him changing into his true form and the smack of the crop were turning
her on more and more. A smile lifted one corner of her mouth. &quot;I can play
that too Darious, wanna see?&quot; she chuckled, eyes twinkling.

His eyes glowed brighter and he growled deeply.
&quot;Answer my question toy! Or I assure you you'll get no pleasure.&quot;

She rolled her eyes, &quot;What is the
question?&quot; He stopped hitting her and growled deeply again, &quot;What is
it you want toy?&quot; He raked one claw down her spine hard, watching a large,
bright red welt appear in its wake. &quot;Answer me!&quot; He roared.

He got up as close to her as he could without actually
touching her. He leaned down and told her in a deep demanding whisper,
&quot;You're my toy. Mine! That's who and what you are, my toy.&quot;

She looked back and snorted, &quot;You wish!&quot;

He chuckled deeply, &quot;It's a fact by now toy. Resign
yourself to it.&quot; He pressed up against her, letting her feel his presence
surround her. Then he backed up, letting his eyes rake up and down her red,
welted ass. He grinned. &quot;Hmm, perhaps now would be the time to look
closely at, inspect if you will, the property I now own. I think, perhaps, I
need to take a bit of a closer look at my new pussy and ass. What do you think
toy? Should I take a closer gander?&quot; She refused to answer or even look
back at him, but hearing her sharp intake of breath and seeing her body start
to quiver was all the answer he needed.

He chuckled deeply then he dragged a claw down her
asscrack, firmly but not too roughly. Then with the other hand he pried her
cheeks apart. He tickled her anus lightly with his claw, chuckling as it
contracted tightly against his touch. Then none to gently he forced his finger
deep into her asshole all the way to the third knuckle.

She hissed loudly, closer her eyes and pulled forward,
trying to dislodge his finger.

He ignored her attempt, twisting his finger back and forth
then in and out. Finally, he jammed it in, roughly, as far as he could.

She threw her head back and whimpered loudly, starting to
quake and shiver all over. Sweat started to trickle down between her tits. She
clenched her eyes tightly shut and bit her bottom lip.

He grinned at her reaction, giving his finger a hard turn
before yanking it out roughly with an audible pop. He picked up one of her
dresses he had tossed on the bed and cleaned his finger off. &quot;Nice and
tight still but by no means virgin. But I didn't expect anything on you to be
virgin considering what kind of slut you are.&quot; He gave her a smart slap on
the ass, making sure to hit some of the bigger welts. He grinned at her sharp
intake of breath then drug his claw over her perineum to the bottom of her
pussy leaving a pink welt. He thrust a finger deep into her pussy, reaching
down and spreading her lips apart with his other hand. He squatted down to take
a closer look.

Her face burned with the embarrassment she was feeling at
his close inspection. Yet, as humiliating as it was it was firing her arousal all
the more. The part of her that was submissive and so craved male dominance over
her was screaming for release. She knew when his finger entered her he had to
know how turned on she was but the sheer amount of juice she was producing.
Hell, even she could hear the sound of wetness as his digit entered her. She
bit her lip harder to keep from moaning out loud but there was nothing she
could do about the tremors running through her body.

He chuckled again as he felt her shake. He wiggled his
finger around. He heard a loud moan escape her lips as his claw raked over her
g-spot. He smiled, knowing despite her bored look from the way juice was
flowing and soaking his hand she was incredibly turned on.

He moved his finger in and out then twisted it side to side
roughly. He watched as her pussy started to darken in color as the blood flow
increased to the area, her lips thickened under his touch. Her clit poked shyly
out of its hood, the very tip of it visible, beaded with moisture, quivering
slightly. He spread her lips further apart, roughly, then roughly withdrew his
finger. He tickled the outside of her hole with his claw then moved it up to
her clit.

He flicked it a couple times, eliciting a high pitched
squeal and a massive shiver from her. Using two fingers he pushed the hood of
it back. He traced a claw lightly over the tip of it causing her to shiver
violently. He chuckled then blew on it lightly.

The reaction was instantaneous. She threw her head back and
moaned loudly. She felt her flesh goose pimple all the way down to her knees.
Every muscle tightened up and quivered then she started to whimper softly.

He grinned then pinched it hard. She tightened up, yanked
the chains taut and screeched loudly. There was a gush of juice from her that
soaked his hand and ran down his forearm. He chuckled again then started
twisting it back and forth. She started shaking violently all over. He saw a
single drop of sweat run down her asscrack.

He gave her clit another hard pinch then let go. Letting go
of her lips also he then stood up, wiped her juice off onto her ass then gave
her a sharp swat before he stepped back a couple paces. He chuckled long and
low, &quot;For suck a slut that pussy is still plenty tight.&quot; He stepped
closer, pressing his crotch into her ass. Then he ran his fingertips up and
down her sides lightly. He nuzzled his face into her hair then put his lips
next to her ear. In a deep, demanding whisper he said, &quot;Turned on aren't
you toy?&quot; He reached down and cupped her pussy tightly, &quot;That's mine
now! It's my cunt. You are my property. My toy, to do with whatever I want.
Now, tell me what it is you want.&quot; He stroked her hair softly, breathing
heavily in her ear.

When it became obvious she wasn't going to answer he
grabbed her by the hair and yanked her head back, forcing her to look at him.
In a hard, cold voice he told her, &quot;You better answer me or I'm going to
stop. You won't feel my touch again. I'll leave your frustrated.&quot;

She was panting slightly, eyes glazed over but her face
remained passive. She just looked at him.

He growled softly in her ear then let go of her hair. He
stroked one finger down the side of her face then stepped away and thought out
loud, &quot;What is it you want toy? What is it I'm missing in the signals
you're sending out?&quot; He stroked his chin thoughtfully, staring at her
welted ass. &quot;You're a painslut that much is obvious. Hence the Marquis De
Sade.&quot; He thought back over what he had done so far and what had gotten
the biggest reaction. Then it hit him. He chuckled deeply, his eyes twinkling.
He leaned back against the wall and just looked at her for a minute or two,
grinning. Then he stepped back up behind her. He gave her a hard slap on the
ass then rubbed it in. Pressing tightly to her, cheek to cheek once again,
&quot;You want me to dominate you don't you? You crave a man having
total power over you. Making you do whatever he wishes to. You want to be
someone's fuck toy. Someone to turn you into his pet. To abandon yourself
totally to someone else. To be used. That's it isn't it toy? You want someone
strong enough to make you bend to his will. To be someone's slutty little
sub.&quot; He grabbed her chin roughly and tilted her head back. &quot;Answer
me slut!&quot; He growled in her ear. He ground his crotch into the welts on
her ass.

She drew a ragged breath then shivered. She wet her lips
then replied in a barely audible whisper, &quot;Yes.&quot; He stroked her cheek
softly with his forefinger, &quot;You want a man that's strong enough to
control you and not give in to you for what your hot cunt can do for them,
don't you?&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot; She said softly, starting to shiver all
over. Her cheeks were flushed red and sweat was beading her forehead and upper
lip. She was more turned on than she had been in her entire life. She was going
to give into him, yes, that was a certainty at this point but he was going to
have to work for it because she wasn't going to make it easy on him. He was
going to have to prove to her he has what it takes to deal with the likes of
her.

He let go of her and took a step backwards. He raked his
claws roughly down her back then gave her ass a resounding slap. &quot;That's a
good toy. You will from now on call me Master. If you don't I wills top and
leave you like this, getting hornier and hornier with no release.&quot; He
reached down between her legs and raked his claws over her pussy roughly to be
assured that he had her complete and undivided attention. &quot;You will not
feed, touch that hot pussy of yours or get that twat fucked unless I let you.
Do you understand me?&quot; &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; She replied sarcastically.

He stopped and stepped away. &quot;You will answer me
respectfully toy.&quot;

&quot;I understand but the word Master is abhorrent to
me.&quot;

He thought for a minute, tapping his finger on his chin. He
then stepped behind her again. &quot;I can accept that. Now what term of
respect shall you use toy? Sir?&quot;

There was no reaction from her.

&quot;Dom?&quot; Again, no reaction.

&quot;Lord?&quot; He heard her sharp intake of breath and
chuckled. &quot;Yes, Lord. You will call me Lord, for that is what I am, your
Lord. You are just my lowly toy.&quot; He rubbed himself against her ass,
starting to grow bigger. &quot;Isn't that right toy?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Lord.&quot; She replied, softly.

&quot;Good toy.&quot; He spanked her hard. &quot;Say it
again toy.&quot; &quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot; She said louder, shivering slightly.

&quot;That's very good toy.&quot; He stroked her inner
thighs softly, from her knee upwards then slapped each one three times, causing
her to gasp and shiver. He chuckled, &quot;Like that toy? Want more?&quot;

She moaned softly, &quot;Yes M'Lord.&quot;

He swatted her inner thighs some more, leaving angry red
handprints. &quot;Such a naughty little slut who likes such nasty things.&quot;
He whispered in her ear. He then punched each thigh, roughly, &quot;Like this
toy?&quot;

She whimpered, &quot;Yes, I do, M'Lord.&quot; &quot;How
much do you like it?&quot; He smacked each thigh again.

She shivered all over and moaned loudly, &quot;Oh, very much,
M'Lord.&quot; She looked back at him, eyes imploring.

He grinned at her and stroked her thighs softly, &quot;Do
you now?&quot; She quivered all over. &quot;Oh yes, M'Lord.&quot; Her eyes
begging him to do more.

He pulled his hands away and in a low tone said, &quot;Look
straight ahead and don't look back at me again. You've been a bad toy and don't
deserve to look at me. If you disobey I will stop. Do you understand toy?&quot;
She faced forward and shuddered, &quot;I understand M'Lord.&quot; She could
feel the insides of her thighs were slick with her juices. She was in an
extreme state of sexual excitement.

&quot;If you turn again I'll leave you just how you are,
blindfold you and leave. Do I make myself clear toy?&quot; He told her in a
deep, firm, demanding voice.

She was shaking all over and moaning, &quot;Crystal clear,
M'Lord.&quot;

He chuckled again, &quot;Very good toy.&quot; He reached
forward and grabbed a shirt, thick leather spanking strap. He stepped to the
side and started using it on her tits, hard and fast across both of them at the
same time. Making sure to get it across her nipples. The strap lest fiery red
marks in its wake.

She threw her head back, shut her eyes and moaned loudly,
shaking. Her nipples were hard nubs as much from desire as the strap.

He stepped behind her and started using it on her already welted
ass and inner thighs. Quickly, bother were bright rosy red and she was making a
high pitched, keening wail, straining at the shackles. He grinned and started
bringing the strap upwards across her pussy. The effect of that was immediate.

She threw her head back and let out an ear shattering howl,
gripping the chains tightly, shaking uncontrollably.

He continued until her pussy was the same shade as her ass
and thighs. He then quit and chuckled, an evil glint in his eyes. &quot;Do you
want to cum toy?&quot;

&quot;Yes M'Lord, very much.&quot; She almost screamed,
straining at the shackles.

He chuckled again, &quot;Does my toy crave release?&quot;
Her whole body seemed to throb. &quot;I do M'Lord.&quot; She whimpered,
shivering so hard the chains were rattling.

He stepped closer to her and growled, &quot;Not yet. You
will absolutely not cum until I tell you you can. If you do it stops at once.
Do you understand slut?&quot;

She gulped and exhaled a ragged breath, still shaking
uncontrollably. &quot;I understand M'Lord.&quot; She whispered.

He reached around and pinched both her nipples, twisting
them roughly. In a deep, demanding tone of voice he whispered, &quot;Not only
will it stop I will punish you in such a way that not only will you not
enjoy it but you will remember it for a long time to come. Do you understand
slut?&quot;

She was quaking all over. Whimpering, she said, &quot;I do
understand M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;Very good toy.&quot; He patted her gently on the ass
then reached forward and grabbed there sets of adjustable clamps off the bed.
He draped them over his shoulder then started to pinch and pull on her nipples
until they were rock hard. He then quickly attached a set of clamps to them.

She let out a loud wail as he tightened them down on her
already sore and swollen nipples.

He chuckled evilly, &quot;What's the matter toy? Did that
hurt a wee bit? No matter, it'll get worse before I get done. He then squatted
down and attached the next set to each of her pussy lips, ignoring her
squirming around.

She let out a ear piercing scream when he attached the
final clamp to her clit. Sweat was pouring off of her and she was taking great
gulps of air while she tried to regain her self control.

He stepped back and leaned against the wall, arms folded
across his chest, watching her, a smile playing at the corners of his mouth. He
was waiting for her to calm down slightly so he could continue.

When she seemed to not be shaking so much and appeared to
be breathing more normally again he stepped forward and added a small weight to
each of the clamps.

She threw her head back, shut her eyes and let out a long,
high pitched whimpering noise.

He chuckled long and low, watching her. He then stepped
behind her once again, raking his claws down her back to her ass then from her
knees up her thighs.

She arched up, threw her head back and moaned loudly,
shivering all over.

He grinned and chuckled deeply. He then leaned forward and
picked up the hairbrush. He stepped back and started to spank over her ass and
inner thighs, hitting over the already inflamed welts.

She pulled the chains taut and started quaking. Her ass and
thighs felt as though they were on fire, a delicious torment that had her on
the verge of insanity. She wanted release but she also wanted more of what he
was doing.

He gave her an extra hard smack across the biggest welt on
her ass then grabbed her by the hair and yanked her head back. He growled in
her ear, &quot;Beg! You will beg me or it will all stop.&quot;

She took several deep gulps of air then groaned softly,
shivering. Begging was entirely against her nature, she never begged for
anything in her long life but she didn't by any means want him to stop so she
said, &quot;Please M'Lord.&quot; So softly it was almost inaudible.

He chuckled again, &quot;What was that toy? I didn't quite
hear you.&quot;

She cleared her throat and said a little louder,
&quot;Please, M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;Please what toy?&quot; &quot;Don't stop M'Lord.&quot;

He gave her an extra hard swat on the ass. &quot;What did
you forget to say? What's the magic word?&quot;

&quot;Please M'Lord!&quot; she almost screamed.

He chuckled, &quot;Very good toy.&quot; He yanked her hair
harder, &quot;You're my toy, mine! I own you! This pussy is mine!&quot;
He reached down and yanked the clams off her lips then gave her clit a sharp
slap, then pinched and twisted it roughly. He pressed his body tight to hers
then growled in her ear, &quot;Your boy is all mine and only mine! Do you understand
that toy?&quot;

She panted and was sweating profusely. &quot;Yes
M'Lord.&quot; Her eyes were glazed over and her body was coated with a thin
sheen of sweat.

He growled long and low in her ear, causing her body to
instantly goose flesh. &quot;You will not cum unless I let you. You will not
fuck unless I let you. Your cunt will not get fed unless I let it.&quot; He
reached down and stroked her pussy a couple times. He then whispered softly in
her ear, &quot;Do you understand me toy?&quot; She gulped audibly and shook,
&quot;I understand M'Lord.&quot; &quot;Very good toy.&quot; He ran one claw
roughly over her pussy, &quot;Is my cunt hungry?&quot;

&quot;Oh yes M'Lord, it is? Very much so!&quot; She was
whimpering and moaning softly.

He chuckled, &quot;And just what is my twat hungry
for?&quot; &quot;You, M'Lord.&quot;

He grinned, &quot;Just me toy?&quot; She took a deep breath
and exhaled loudly, &quot;Your hard cock M'Lord.&quot;

He raked his claws roughly up over her pussy mound.
&quot;Is my twat extremely hungry toy?&quot;

She shook all over, her pussy streaming juice, &quot;Yes
M'Lord, very much so!&quot;

He yanked her hair harder, &quot;You've been a bad toy. I
don't know if you're deserving of that privilege. I think you need to redeem
yourself toy. You need to think of a way to redeem yourself, to regain that
privilege. Think long and hard of how my cock feels in that twat then tell me
how you'll redeem yourself.&quot;

She was shaking all over and panting. Her thought process
was all a jumble, making it hard to think. Finally, she replied, &quot;I'll
behave M'Lord.&quot;

His eyebrows arched, &quot;You, behave toy? For how
long?&quot;

She was whimpering loudly and shaking. &quot;For as long as
you wish M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;You better mean it toy if you want my cock in that
pussy.&quot;

&quot;I mean it M'Lord!&quot; She wailed.

He chuckled once more, eyes dancing, &quot;Do you now?
Somehow I fail to believe you toy.&quot; Her heart was hammering in her chest
and her hair was drenched with sweat, she whimpered softly, &quot;I'll behave
M'Lord.&quot;

He raked one claw up over her ass cheek and grinned when he
saw her flinch. &quot;From my experience I still don't believe you. But perhaps
I shall give you another chance. You will behave better won't you toy? You're
sure of that?&quot;

It felt like lightning was dancing over her skin, setting
every nerve in her body on fire, causing her to tremble. &quot;Yes M'Lord,
please!&quot;

He sighed deeply the pressed his pelvis against her ass,
the fabric rubbing against her welts. In a deep, commanding voice he told her,
&quot;You will do better toy, if you do not I will leave you like this,
hungry, needing release.&quot;

&quot;PLEASE M'Lord!&quot; she wailed.

He grinned to himself, &quot;Just what is it you want
toy?&quot;

&quot;Your cock, please M'Lord!&quot; &quot;My cock?
You want my cock? Do you deserve it toy?&quot; &quot;Yes, M'Lord I do.&quot;

&quot;You deserve my cock? Beg me for it toy.&quot;

&quot;Please may I have your cock M'Lord, PLEASE!&quot; He
reached around and yanked the clamps off her nipples then swatted her across
both tits, roughly. He then stepped back and whipped her across the calves, up
the back of her knees then to her thighs. Then whipped her extra hard across
the ass. He then brought the strap up between her legs and started to beat her
pussy. It made a wet smacking sound as the leather came in contact with her
dripping slit.

She was moaning loudly and wiggling all over, the chains
rattling loudly.

He stopped whipping her and stepped closer then grabbed her
hair roughly again and yanked her head back. He then whispered in her ear,
&quot;Did you cum yet toy? For your sake you better not have.&quot;

&quot;No M'Lord, I didn't.&quot; She replied, panting
heavily.

&quot;Hmm,&quot; he murmured, stroking the side of her face
softly, &quot;I believe I should check to make sure.&quot; He reached down and
roughly shoved one finger deep inside her pussy. He moved it in and out of her
hard and fast, twisting it side to side. He then pulled it out with a
distinctive wet sound and stroked it up and down her red, swollen pussy. He
nuzzled his face into her hair and said, &quot;Good toy, you didn't cum. Do you
want to cum toy?&quot;

She was quaking and shivering, &quot;Yes, M'Lord, I do,
very much.&quot;

He pushed his finger deep into her pussy again and started
to rub her g-spot.

She started to moan loudly, gripping the chains tightly,
shaking.

He then started to rake his claw back and forth over it.

She started shaking harder, unable to control herself.

He started to press his claw down harder, rubbing it back
and forth over it.

She threw her head back and let go with a long, piercing
wail.

He chuckled softly and eased his claw out.

She sagged against the chains, whimpering and moaning
softly, shaking all over.

He grinned then pinched her clit between two claws and
rolled it back and forth.

She was moaning uncontrollably, pushing onto his hand.

He chuckled deeply, &quot;Do you still want to cum
toy?&quot; &quot;Oh yes, please M'Lord, please!&quot; She almost screamed.

He pulled her tightly against him, growling long and low
into his ear. &quot;The only way you are allowed to cum is if you make me cum
first. Understand toy?&quot;

&quot;Anything you wish M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;Make me cum and do an excellent job of it and maybe
you can cum.&quot;

She whimpered loudly, &quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot;

He backed away from her and unbuttoned his shirt, took it
off then tossed it on the bed. He then unbuckled his belt and undid the buttons
of his jeans, pushing them and his underwear down over his hips and let them
drop to the floor, He kicked them aside then moved back behind her then pressed
tightly against her ass, letting her feel both of his rock hard cocks pressed
against her ass cheeks.

She stiffened up and shook, feeling his naked flesh against
hers. She quivered in anticipation of feeling his cock curried deep inside her
once again.

He reached out and ran one claw roughly up and down her ass
crack, making sure to rake it roughly across her clenched asshole.

She bit her bottom lip and whimpered loudly, shivering.

He growled loudly, &quot;Like this toy?&quot;

She pushed herself back onto him slightly, &quot;I like it
very much M'Lord.&quot;

He raked his claws across the welts on her ass, pinching
them roughly here and there.

She shuddered violently, arching up as her abused ass
seemed to catch fire.

He slid both his cocks between her legs and over her pussy.

Her eyes flew open; she shuddered, not believing what she
was feeling. She thought he was playing a trick on her.

He rubbed them back and forth between her spread lips,
letting her juices cover them, getting them slick, teasing her.

She was pushing down onto him, trying to get him to rub
against her clit, starting to wiggle around.

He pulled back slightly and lined them up with both her
holes. Tickling the entrances with them.

She moaned loudly, and pushed back onto him, trying to
drive them into her.

He grasped her hips and held them tightly, not allowing her
to move. He chuckled loudly and grinned.

&quot;PLEASE M'Lord!&quot; She screamed.

He chuckled long and low, &quot;Please what?&quot; &quot;I
want them M'Lord, PLEASE!&quot; she replied softly. She had never had to beg
for a mans cock before.

He chuckled again, &quot;You want them?&quot; He wiggled
them around the entrances, teasing her.

She bit her bottom lip and whimpered softly, &quot;Yes, I
do M'Lord.&quot;

He pressed his body tight to hers and stroked up and down
her sides, sliding both of his members against her holes. He pressed his cheek
to hers and flicked his tongue against her ear then whispered, &quot;Didn't
know I had two cocks did you? The night we met I was in human form and had
merged them into one.&quot; He chuckled again, grinding himself up against her.
&quot;They aren't like human cocks either. They are, how would you say, adjustable.
I can make them grow or shrink at will. They can give you the mot exquisite
pleasure you have ever experienced in your life or the worst pain you have ever
felt, dependant entirely on how you chose to behave my toy.&quot; He nipped her
ear playfully, reaching around to cup her tits in his hands, grinding his
members up against her. Then he stuck out his eight inch prehensile tongue and
tickled her chin with it, chucking when she gasped and shivered. He squeezed
her tits tightly and wiggled his members against her. &quot;Does it excite you
to find these things out toy? Does it make you crave me more?&quot;

She moaned loudly and pressed back against him, &quot;Oh
yes it does M'Lord.&quot;

He growled softly in her ear, pulling her tighter to him,
pushing the heads of his cocks into her, one into her pussy and one into her
ass.

She quivered all over as if she had touched a live wire,
moaning, shutting her eyes tightly.

He chuckled long and low then pulled them back out until
just the tips were in her. He wiggled them around slightly then held still.

She threw her head back and screamed, &quot;PLEASE
M'LORD!&quot; He growled in her ear again, &quot;Have you been good enough to
get the reward of being fucked by my cocks' slut? Are you worthy of that
privilege?&quot;

&quot;Yes M'Lord, PLEASE!&quot; she whimpered.

He eased the heads back into her, &quot;Are you sure
toy?&quot; She groaned and wiggled around, &quot;I'm sure M'Lord.&quot;

He reached down and held her hips firmly then slammed
himself deep into her ass and pussy, hard, then held still.

She screeched loudly, as every inch of him entered her
holes, filling her completely. She felt the exquisite pain as she was filled to
the max in a way she had never been before.

He slammed in and out of her once then ground himself deep
into both her quivering holes.

She moaned loudly, gripping the chains that held her so
tightly her knuckles were white.

He picked her up off the ground by her hips and started
slamming in and out of her hard and fast, jarring her body roughly.

She held onto the chains so tightly that her fingers were
starting to cramp, whimpering uncontrollably. Her body was shaking all over as
if with fever.

He reached up and grabbed her hair once again and yanked
her head back, holding tightly to her hips with the other, digging his claws
deep into her flesh. He snarled into her ear, &quot;Good toy. If you behave
this is your reward.&quot;

&quot;Yes M'Lord, yesssss!&quot; she moaned.

He wrapped his arm around her waist and quickly yanked both
his cocks out of her. He growled long and low in her ear, &quot;And this is
what happens when you misbehave, nothing. You get no cock for your cunt or your
ass. Do you understand that toy?&quot; She panted and whimpered loudly, &quot;I
understand M'Lord.&quot;

He chuckled, &quot;Are you sure of that toy?&quot;
&quot;Very sure M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;Good toy.&quot; He said, slamming back into both her
holes.

She moaned loudly, pushing back onto him.

He put both his hands on her shoulder, digging his claws in
and started to hammer into both her holes rough, hard and fast. Jarring her
body every time he slammed into her. Grinding into her as hard as he could, growling.

She threw her head back and screamed loudly, &quot;Please
more M'Lord! Yes! I can't get enough of your cocks.&quot;

&quot;More of what toy?&quot; he snarled, slamming into her
extra hard.

&quot;Of you M'Lord.&quot; She whimpered.

&quot;Of me toy?&quot; he growled.

&quot;Of your cocks M'Lord.&quot; She whimpered again.

He growled long and low then started slamming into her
harder for a few minutes, and then abruptly pulled out.

She whimpered softly as she felt him pull out, her whole
body quivering from head to toe.

He quickly swept everything off the bed with one arm then
stepped behind her and unshackled her arms and legs. He then picked her up by
the waist and threw her onto the center of the bed roughly, sending her
sprawling. &quot;Get up on your knees slut. I want to see that ass in the air.&quot;

She quickly obeyed, kneeling on the bed, her ass in the air
and the side of her face pressed to the mattress, quivering all over.

He got up on the bed and knelt behind her. He raked his
claws down her sides hard, leaving ten bright red welts behind. &quot;Spread
your legs further apart slut! I want to see that dripping cunt!&quot; He
roared.

She quickly obeyed, spreading her legs as far apart as she
could. Her whole body shaking.

He sat back on his haunches for a few minutes, staring at
her pussy, watching the juice run out of it and drip down onto the bed. E
gathered himself, trying to maintain his self control. He was as turned on as
she was but he didn't want to show it. Everything he had heard about the
legendary sex drive of a she-devil was true. She was driving him to the point
of losing his self control. He just wanted to stick his cocks in her and fuck
her long and hard, not caring if she obeyed or not. He knew though, to maintain
what he wanted with her eh had to keep his self control.

When he felt he had taken enough time to regain his self
control he got up on his knees behind her, lined his cocks up with both her
holes then slammed them both home in one strong, hard stroke, then started to
hammer into her hard, fast and rough.

She wailed loudly as he re-entered her sore pussy, gripping
the sheets tightly in her fists, panting and moaning.

He continued to slam in and out of her hard and fast. Then
he reached down between her legs and pinched her clit hard between two claws.
He heard her squeal loudly and chuckled. Then he raked his claws hard back and
forth over her clit, causing her to shiver and shake all over.

She was moaning and unable to hold still, not able to stop
herself. He had her so turned on she didn't care what he did to her just so she
got to cum.

He reached forward and grabbed her hair, pulling her head
back, making her back arch. He slammed into her hard, growling, &quot;You're my
toy! Mine! I own you!&quot; &quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot; She moaned, &quot;You own
me. You and only you.&quot;

He growled and bared his fangs. &quot;That's right! And
don't you ever forget it slut!&quot; He leaned forward over her back,
propping himself onto his hands. He bit her neck, hard, and growled. Pounding
into her, slamming hard against her. Filling her ass and twat to their limits.

She screamed loudly when he bit her, rocking back onto him.
&quot;Oh yes M'Lord, it feels so fucking good! Please don't stop!&quot;

He pounded into her more, growling. &quot;Make me cum toy!
Work my cocks and make me cum you slut!&quot; He slapped her hard across the
ass for extra added emphasis.

&quot;Yes M'Lord, anything you wish.&quot; She tightened up
both her pussy and ass onto his cocks and slammed herself back onto his cocks,
fucking him.

He continued to pound into her hard and fast, growling
loudly. His wings start to emerge and unfurl behind him until they were fully
extended. He started to project his full demonic presence outward, letting her
feel the projection of his lustfulness.

She howled loudly, shaking harder than ever. Slamming back
onto him as hard as she could.

He gripped her hair tighter and reached down with his other
hand and started to pinch on her nipples. He then raked his claws down over her
belly and over her hips and gave her ass a resounding slap. He continued to
pound into her hard and fast.

She threw her head back and howled at the top of her lungs.
Her tail quickly emerged from the base of her spine. He wrapped it around his
waist and let the tip of it snake between his legs where to started to stroke
the back of his balls.

He growled deep and rough into her ear, &quot;That's it
slut, work that twat on my cocks! Fuck my cocks slut or you will not get to
cum!&quot; He grabbed onto both of her shoulders and pulled her back onto him
as he slammed into her.

She started slamming back onto him with the same force he
as plowing into her with, growling and snarling loudly, eyes flashing.

He started to grind his hips in circles as he hammered into
her hard and fast, growling loudly, his fangs bared.

She sifted around slightly, moving her left leg around then
planting her foot flan on the bed, thus spreading herself more open, allowing
him to get deeper into her. Her tail stroked his balls softly, and then moved
back to stroke between his balls and asshole. Finally, moving back to softly
tickle his asshole with the very tip.

He ground into her harder and faster, stroking between her
legs and started to play with her clit again. Twisting it back and forth
between his fingers, flicking his claw across the tip of it. Then he moved his
fingers up and down the sides of it, like he was jacking it off. He leaned across
her back and bit her neck roughly again.

She was panting, sweating and wiggling all over underneath
him. She bit into the bed, whimpering.

He held onto her waist, slamming into her, spanking her ass
as hard as he could with one hand. He was grinding and groaning, his teeth
clenched tightly. Sweat was pouring off of him.

She slammed back onto him as hard as he was into her,
growling and grunting loudly, teeth bared. Her eyes rolled back into her head.
She was on the verge of cumming and was trying not to. She knew she couldn't
hold out much longer despite her powerful self control. She was going to cum
whether she wanted to or not. She was holding on the best she could but was
almost there.

He pulled all the way out except the tips then slammed all
the way back in as hard as he could, holding her hips tightly. He threw his
head back, his eyes screwed tightly shut and started to explode into both her
holes. &quot;Cum now toy!&quot; He yelled at the top of his lungs.

She felt is ice cold cum start to flood her ass and pussy
then threw her head back, let out an ear piercing yell and let herself cum. It
was the most powerful orgasm she had ever had. She came so hard she lost all
the self control she had learned over the centuries of her long life and
changed instantly, howling at the top of her lungs. Her long, sharp claws
ripped through the sheets and dug into the mattress it's self.

He kept slamming into her hard and fast even after he had
finished. He watched, fascinated, as she fully shifted. She had tightened down
on him so hard he could barely move but did the best he could. He bit her on
the neck yet again, marking her as his property.

She kept cumming hard, slamming back onto him so hard she
almost knocked him over. Her claws were digging long rips into the mattress.

He held onto her waist and hair while she buckled. It was
like being in a small boat in the middle of a class five hurricane.

She finally gave a last gasp and collapsed on the bed,
shaking and shivering, changing back immediately.

He lay on top of her and continued to thrust into her until
he saw her change back. He then pulled out and shifted full, standing to his
full nine feet, looking down at her, eyes glowing bright red.

She rolled over and looked at him, panting, her eyes still
slightly glazed over.

He looked her in the eyes, &quot;You're my slut, my whore,
my fuck toy, my pet, my toy, my cunt, my bitch. I own you, all of you. Every
inch of your body is mine, my own personal playground. You will do nothing
without my permission, nothing. You will not touch my cunt without permission.
Do you understand me toy?&quot; He asked her, his voice a low rumble.

She gulped loudly, her eyes looking him p and down. She
then looked up into his red eyes. &quot;I understand M'Lord.&quot; She replied
softly.

His eyes raked down her naked flesh; looking at all the
bruises and welts he had left on her. He grinned and chuckled then turned away.

Her eyes followed him as he yanked open her drawers and
pulled out some clothes.

He threw her a t-shirt, pair of panties and socks.
&quot;Put them on.&quot; He then shifted back to his human form and dressed
himself.

She slid down to the foot of the bed and sat on the
footboard, wincing as the wood came in contact with her bruised and welted
flesh, and then slowly dressed herself.

When he finished dressing he stood back, watching her.

When she finished she looked up at him.

He folded his arms across his chest and looked down at her,
eyes twinkling. &quot;Somehow I feel I can't leave you here alone and expect
you to behave yourself. So, I have decided not to let you out of my
sight.&quot; He stepped closer to her, reached onto the bed and yanked the
blanket off. He then stepped back, &quot;Stand up toy.&quot;

She stood up and looked up into his eyes.

He wrapped it around her then picked her up with one arm
around her back and one under her ass. He smiled down at her and held her
close. &quot;Since I can't trust you alone I guess you'll heave to stay with
me. Alright toy?&quot;

She smiled and laid her head on his shoulder, &quot;Yes
M'Lord.&quot;

He held her tightly as he carried her to his car.













Chapter 3

&#65279; 

He tucked her into the passenger side of his Bentley.
Before he seat belted her in he made sure she was tightly cocooned in the
blanket, her hands not free. He then got into the drivers side and backed out
of the driveway. Then he started across town to his house.

As he pulled out of her drive the enormity of what she
agreed to and just what kind of being he was hit her full force and she started
to shake all over. She was mentally kicking herself for agreeing to any of
this.

He glanced over at her and smiled before he focused back on
the road, sensing her tension, &quot;Are you comfortable toy?&quot;

She wiggled around in the blanket, trying to get loose but
to no avail, she was wrapped up too tightly, then looked down and muttered
something unintelligible.

He glanced at her again, brow creased, &quot;What's wrong
toy? Are you having second thoughts about all of this?&quot; He was trying to
get her to relax, knowing she was having doubts about the whole situation.

She stared out of the side window that the passing houses
and just muttered again, getting more anxious with each passing block.

He knew she was having more than just second thoughts, she
wanted out of the whole thing. He kept his voice calm and light, &quot;Speak up
toy, I can't hear you.&quot;

She cleared her throat, &quot;Take me home, now.&quot;

He kept his eyes on the road but kept his voice light,
&quot;We are going home.&quot; He knew this was an indication of trouble to
come. He just wasn't sure how bad it was going to get. So he was going to try
to minimize it the best he could.

She shook her head, &quot;No. Take me back to my
house. Just let me out here and I'll walk back.&quot;

He smiled, reassuringly, at her, &quot;You're home is with
me now. You gave yourself to me freely and willingly, remember? Besides, I know
if I leave you alone at your place you will play rabbit and I will have a bitch
of a time finding you. That's a chance I'm not willing to take at this time.
Just relax; it'll all be fine toy.&quot;

She slunk down in her seat and muttered darkly to herself,
shooting him looks that should have killed him instantly.

He reached over and patted her knee reassuringly.
&quot;It'll be OK toy, really it will. Tell me what's wrong. What's bothering
you about all of this? It is just second thoughts?&quot;

She stared out the front window, &quot;All of it is
bothering me.&quot; She wiggled around in the blanket, trying to get free.

He stroked her knee softly through the blanket, &quot;All
of it? Tell me about it toy. If you tell me perhaps I can put you more at
ease.&quot;

She looked over at him, &quot;You're a demon. I don't want
to be with a demon. And I'm not cut out to be a total sub 24/7.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;I figured what I am might be part of the
problem here. Let me try to put you a little bit more at ease, on that subject
anyway.

&quot;There are demons then there are demons. The most
common kind, the ones you are probably thinking about, are cruel, obnoxious and
have no brains what so ever. I am not like that; I'm far too refined to be
classified with those beasts. So let go into a little bit about myself and see
if that puts you a bit more at ease.

&quot;I am a one of a kind demon, a general you might say.
In hell there is a hierarchy like everywhere else. Lucifer is the head of it,
as you are probably well aware, and below him are his lieutenants. One of those
is Azmodeus. I am below him in the chain of command. Each demon has their own
nature, mine is sex, lust and decadence.&quot; He spoke to her softly and
calmly, trying to put her more at ease and calm her down, then to earn her
trust. &quot;I am the only one of my kind. I not only feed of onlust but
promote and bring out lust, sex and decadence of all kinds. I was created when
Lilith first felt lust.

&quot;This may sound like a contradiction coming from a
demon but I do not lie. I may bend the truth or not tell the whole truth but I
do not out and out lie.

&quot;Now, when I was looking for you I found out your
whole name but I don't believe you know mine. It's Lord Darious Mooksoon. The
Lord is my title as you may have probably figured out. Have you ever heard of
Triple D Industries?&quot; He glanced over at her, smiling.

She nodded and muttered, &quot;Yes.&quot; Not looking at
him.

He smiled at her again, &quot;I own it and am CEO. So have
no fear, all your needs will be well taken care of and you will want for
nothing. But we won't go into that now. I'll tell you a bit more about myself;
I have spent approximately 1500 years on earth. I have pretty much seen it all
except a she-devil, until now that is; your species is very rare indeed toy
that is why I was curious about you. But again I digress, so let me get back
into the topic, another thing I do not do is cheat. Again, I know that sounds a
bit strange coming from a demon but I assure you it is true. Like you
she-devils, I am generally not monogamous. I follow lust, where ever it may be.
I am not cruel as a rule but I can be. Yes, I am in effect evil but overtly so
to be disgraceful; I fit in easily among humans. I don't' break the strict
rules that govern demons and this world. Yes indeed there are rules about
that.&quot;

He looked at her, grinning, &quot;I am also a master of
decadence in all its forms, something I am quite sure you will appreciate toy.

&quot;As I stated earlier my nature is lust, sex and
decadence but that is not my main purpose. My main purpose on this rock is
strife, something I am quite good at.&quot; He reached over and stroked her hair
with one hand.

By this time he was pulling into his circular drive. He
stopped the car at the front steps of the three story house and smiled at her,
&quot;We're here toy.&quot; He got out and walked over to the passenger side of
the car. He unbuckled her seatbelt and picked her up gently. He then carried
her into the house and sat her on the sofa in the living room then smiled at
her, &quot;Well toy, how do youlike your new home?&quot;

She didn't even glance around at the furnishings just
stared up at him, &quot;I want to go back to my house. I don't want to be here.
Let me go Darious.&quot;

He walked over and poured himself a drink, keepinga close
eye on her, &quot;Oh? Why toy?She stared hard at him then said in short,
clipped tones, &quot;I don't want to be with you.&quot;

He leaned back against the drink cart and looked at her. He
kept a calm even tone, &quot;You should have thought about that earlier, before
you gave yourself to me because now it's too late. Would you like a
drink?&quot;

She glared at him and growled deeply, eyes flashing
dangerously, totally frustrated.

He quirked an eyebrow and smiled, &quot;No drink
then?&quot;

She glared at him, &quot;No I do not want a fucking
drink!&quot; Her tone conveyed both her anger and frustration with the whole
situation.

He looked directly at her, seeing her anger. When he spoke
again his voice had hardened considerably. &quot;You better get use to all of
it toy, you are here now, like it or not. It is obvious to me that I can't
trust you so I couldn't leave you at your house. If I had done that you would
have run like a scared bitch and we both know it. It's also obvious that you
don't trust me because of whom and what I am. So to promote trust between the
both of us I will go over the laws you will follow: don't lie to me. You will
not cheat nor go out hunting other men. You will not play with that cunt of
yours without specific permission. You also will not cum without permission.
You will ask me for everything from getting a drink to taking a crap. In
private you will refer to me as M'Lord, in public it will be Sir or Mr.
Mooksoon.

She snorted loudly, &quot;You THINK so. I have no intention
of obeying you.&quot;

He gave her a hard look, &quot;I know sotoy, and yes
you will.&quot;

She rolled her eyes and shook her head.

He stared hard at her, &quot;Don't do that toy. You are
getting what you want but you'll have to work at it. You behave you'll get it,
be a brat and you won't get anything. Now, let's continue shall we? You will
not damage what is mine. That goes for my house and its furnishings all the way
down to you. You will keep your person clean and well groomed at all times. Any
failure to do so will result in me doing it for you followed by a severe
punishment. There will be no religious items brought into this house nor will
you say any religious words. And finally you will be at my beck and call at all
times and submit to my needs with no fighting or arguments.

&quot;These are the major laws that will always be in
effect. Now we will go onto the minor rules. These will be temporary and will
fall by the wayside as you earn my trust and prove yourself to me. You will
wear your training collar at all times in the house. You will be nude at all
times until you earn the privilege of wearing clothes, yes, clothes are a
privilege not a need. You will not be allowed to use the phone until I can
trust you better. You will not leave the house again until you earn my trust.
Where ever we go in the house you will crawl on all fours as befitting your
station. I, as your Dom, will address you as brat, toy or something similar and
you will answer me. I will push you to the edge of your endurance and make you
lose self control like you have craved for so very long. I will make sure you
stay clean and healthy. I will not lie to you nor will I break a promise. Until
you learn to behave properly I will control every aspect of your daily life
down to the smallest detail.&quot;

The more he talked the harder she glowered at him. Yes
indeed she was a sub and did like to be dominated but not to the extent he was
proposing. She had never let a human, let alone a demon, dominate her in this manner.
Sexual domination was one thing; total domination was something else entirely.
She stared at him, &quot;Fuck this shit, there is no way I am about to let you
do this.&quot;

He leveled his gaze with hers, &quot;Too late toy, you gave
yourself up and agreed to it already. I'm not done yet toy so hold your tongue.
If you use your safe word I will stop what I am doing and discuss why exactly
you used it and how I can modify what I was doing. I will not hesitate to
punish you if you misbehave but on the other end of the spectrum I will also
not hesitate to reward you if you behave properly. Yes indeed I am a stern Dom
but I am a fair one. If you behave properly you will gain privileges to the
point living with me will just be an extension of your former life and you can come
and go at will. So that should be your ultimate goal from this point forward.

&quot;As much as you have rules governing your behavior I
also have rules governing mine. I will not lose my self control with you and
push you past your limits before you are ready to go there. I will never, no
matter how angry or upset I am with you, hit you from the neck up or hit you in
anger, period. If I feel I am that angry that I am unable to control myself at
the time I will punish you later when I have sufficiently regained my self
control.

&quot;Now, we will return to the topic of you. Until you
learn to control yourself and behave in the manner I have prescribed in my
presence you will kneel by me with your eyes lowered as befitting your station
in this relationship. I will inspect your person daily to check for damage.
Once a week I will do a close inspection of your whole body. All these things I
have mentioned are designed to earn trust between you and me. All the things I
have mentioned with the exception of the laws are subject to change as your
behavior improves to what I want it to become. I also will add new rules as new
situations arise that I have not anticipated at this point in time.&quot;

The more he talked and the more rules he imposed the more
infuriated and stubborn she was getting. She shot him a look that should have
turned him to dust immediately. When she spoke her voice was as hard and cold
as ice. &quot;Lay down all the rules and laws you see fit but remember this I
will never trust you nor will I obey you. I will fight you every step of the
way. You will give up before I do.&quot;

His face remained calm and he gave her a quirky smile,
&quot;That remains to be seen toy.&quot;

Her eyes shot daggers at him, &quot;It's a fact, get used
to it and be prepared shit head.&quot;

He cocked his head to one side and smiled at her, &quot;How
do you know that? You don't know what you yourself want.&quot;

She wiggled around inside the blanket getting more
frustrated and angry with each passing minute. &quot;I know EXACTLY what I
want, I want to leave!&quot;

He crossed his arms over his chest and looked at her
calmly, &quot;Wrong, that is not what you want. What you want is to be
controlled and dominated by a being that won't give in to you. Everything about
you and your actions scream it.&quot;

She stared at him then grinned evilly, &quot;IF you plan on
trying to go through with this then you have your work cut out for you because
I am not going to go along willingly. You are going to have one hell of a fight
on your hands as a matter of fact.&quot;

She shrugged, &quot;Hard or easy, it makes no difference to
me one way or another, and I can handle either easily. You will just make it
harder on yourself. Besides, if it's worth fighting for it's worth the fight in
the first place.&quot;

She chuckled evilly, &quot;Then you better put you gloves
on because I guarantee you're going to need them.&quot;

He grinned at her, &quot;What gloves? We both know by this
point that this is going to be a knock down, drag out, no holds barred match
between both our wills.&quot; He paused and took a drink, watching her over the
rim of her glass. When he finished the drink he put the glass aside and looked
at her, &quot;Earlier I mentioned using your safe word. In order to implement
that I need to know it before hand, so what is it?&quot;

She sighed deeply, &quot;It's cease.&quot;

He got up and walked over to her, standing looking down at
her, &quot;Make sure you remember it toy. Forget it and whatever I am doing
that you can't tolerate won't stop.&quot; He smiled at her then caressed her
cheek softly.

She yanked her head away from his touch, glaring at him.

He grabbed her by the back of the head and held her still
then caressed her cheek. &quot;Accept my caresses toy; they are a reward and a
show of my favoritism. Deny that and you deny me.&quot; He told her, voice soft
but firm.

She growled loudly at him, fangs bared and eyes flashing.

His eyes hardened and his tone grew more firm and
commanding, &quot;Sheath those fangs toy.&quot;

She glared at him, &quot;Make me!&quot; knowing he could do
no such thing.

He stared hard at her; not liking having his authority
challenged this early on. He stepped back a couple steps, still watching her
closely. &quot;Make you? I'll do better than that toy.&quot; He walked over to
a nearby cabinet and retrieved a black leather dog collar that was to be her
training collar. He then walked back to her and tried to put it around her
neck. That is when the fight started.

She quickly shifted to glaberal form, meaning her eyes and
ears changed, she grew claws and her tail sprouted, then shredded the blanket
that held her with a loud snarl and took off for the front door as fast as she
could.

He growled loudly and took off after her. Before she could
get to the door he tackled her and tried to hold her down the best he could.

She snarled loudly and took several swipes at him with her
claws, connecting with most of them. She managed to wiggle around until she was
able to roll over onto her back. She kicked, hit, bit and clawed at him,
howling at the top of her lungs.

He dodged her claw strikes the best he could and managed to
roll her back onto her belly. He grabbed her wrists and managed to get her hands
behind her back. He put his full body weight on her and let go, holding them
with his weight. He then grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head
back. He then put the collar around her neck. Pulling up a little and putting
his knee in the center of her back over her wrists, he glared down at her,
panting, &quot;Looks like I am going to have to chain you up until you learn to
behave properly.&quot;

She looked over her shoulder at him and grinned, wiggling
her eyebrows, chuckling evilly, &quot;You THINK!&quot; She then shifted to full
feline form, that of a clouded leopard. She pawed the collar off her neck and
shredded it then took off looking for an escape.

He looked at her, totally stunned. He had no idea
she-devils could shift into a cat. However, he gathered himself enough to take
off after her. He grabbed her as she was trying to leap through a shut window.

She roared loudly and proceeded to claw him up, drawing
blood.

He grabbed her by the scruff of the neck and held her out
in front of him, giving her the dirtiest look he could, obviously plenty
pissed. &quot;I see you have a few tricks my kitty cat. But I have a few of my
own, never fear.&quot; He grabbed another collar out of the cabinet and put it
around her neck, hearing her hiss and snarl. &quot;Now listen up, that is a magical
collar. It will resize to each of your forms and only I can take it off. Plus,
it is indestructible. It has my name on it proving that you are indeed mine
now.&quot;

She glared at him and bared her fangs, growling long and
low then shifted to full she-devil form. She looked him directly in the eyes,
&quot;Like hell I am.&quot;

He knew this form was deadly, even to him. He kept his tone
calm and neutral. &quot;You gave yourself to me freely and willingly toy.&quot;

She bared her fangs at him then took a swipe at his
mid-section with her claws, snarling, eyes flashing dangerously.

He knew his human form didn't stand a chance against a
fully shifted, pissed off she-devil so he shifted to full demon form and held
onto her tightly.

She fought him with everything she had, doing plenty of
damage to him in the process, cutting and slicking him badly.

He defended himself the best he could without hurting her.
That was something he didn't want to do, just wanting to get her under control
and calm her down. Hurting her would not do a lot to promote her trust in him.
Finally, when he found out just holding her wasn't doing any good, she was a
lot stronger than she looked, he put her in a full nelson. It at least
contained her.

What he didn't count on was just how dexterous her body
length tail was. It snaked up between his legs and racked him in the balls as
hard as she could.

He howled in pain, eyes flashing angrily. He let lose and
grabbed her on the shoulders near her neck and squeezed, putting her in a nerve
hold.

She howled in pain and tried to bite his hands. When that
failed she shifted back to human and glared at him murderously.

He released the nerve hold but held onto her tightly with
one arm. He grabbed the back of her hair and yanked her head back. He glared
down at her, obviously infuriated. He said to her in short, clipped tones
through clenched teeth, &quot;How DARE you attack your Lord. You gave yourself
to me freely and willingly. That is wholly unacceptable behavior. Very bad toy!
You will be severely punished and pay dearly for your misbehavior. Until you
can prove to me you can behave properly you will be shackled and chained at all
times and be led around on a leash. Also you will crawl on your belly until I
deem otherwise.&quot;

She looked up at him and snorted, &quot;You THINK fuck head!&quot;

He stared down at her coldly,&quot; Think? I don't think, I
KNOW toy!&quot; He picked her up and carried her up to his bedroom. He shackled
her hands and feet then chained her to the bed by her collar. He shifted back
to human and crawled into bed behind her. He lay there thinking just how he was
going to handle her until he fell asleep, hoping by morning she would be
calmer.

She lay awake all night long trying to figure out just how
she was going to extricate herself from this situation. How she could have gotten
herself into it in the first place.

About a half an hour before he woke up she finally dozed
off. When he finally awoke, he looked at her, nodding when he saw she was
sleeping. He eased out of bed, being careful not to wake her. He was wanting a
few peaceful minutes alone to take care of his morning business before the
fight started all over again.

When he finished in the bathroom, he went back into the
bedroom and gently shook her awake. &quot;Wake up toy. It's time for me to take
care of my properties needs.&quot;

She opened her eyes, looked at him and growled softly
before yawning.

He unhooked the chain from the collar then picked her up
and carried her to the bathroom. He sat her on the counter then retrieved a new
toothbrush from the medicine cabinet. Putting toothpaste on it, he stuck it in
her mouth and started to brush her teeth.

Sputtering and growling, she wiggled all over. When he
pulled the toothbrush out and let her spit into the she sink she said
sarcastically, &quot;I am quite capable of doing this by myself I will have you
know.&quot;

While he rinsed the toothbrush off and put it up, he
replied, calmly, &quot;I know you are toy. I'm doing it to promote trust
between the two of us. In addition, at this point I can't trust you enough to
take the shackles off to allow you to do it yourself. I don't feel like being
hurt again this morning.&quot;

She glared at him, &quot;This ain't the way to about
getting me to trust you, take my word for it!&quot;

He ignored the comment and wet a washcloth with warm water
then soaped it up. Then he gently started to scrub her face with it.

She grumbled and growled loudly, trying to pull away.
Ignoring her attempts, he held her tightly then started to rinse it off. She
dried pushing him away, &quot;Will you just back off and let me do it!&quot;
She snarled loudly. Ignoring what she said again, he pushed her hands aside and
finished quickly.

She growled loudly, starting to get more and more pissed
off with each passing minute. When he finished he looked down at her, &quot;Do
you need to use the toilet toy?&quot;

She narrowed her eyes, glaring at hi, &quot;No, I don't.
Now, are you going to let me go?&quot;

Ignoring the last comment, he picked her up and sat her
down on the toilet while he filled the tub. When it was full, he got the
remains of her t-shirt and underwear off then stepped back. &quot;Get in the
tub toy.&quot;

Her jaw tightened and she glared at him, &quot;I'll do it
myself. Now, go!&quot;

Looking at her calmly, he said, &quot;I said, get in the
tub toy.&quot;

She leaned back against the tank and glared at him,
&quot;Not until you leave Darious.&quot;

Shaking his head, he picked her up and deposited her into
the water, sighing heavily, &quot;OK toy, we'll do it your way then.&quot;

Growling loudly and glaring at him, she tried to crawl back
out of the tub. He held her tightly then dumped water over her head then
grabbed a washcloth and started to gently bathe her. She started protesting
loudly and wiggling around, trying to shove him away from her. &quot;Will you
just fucking stop and let me do it myself! I know how to give myself a bath
dammit!&quot;

Ignoring her protests, he held her tightly while he rinsed
her off. Then he stood her up and hooked the chain between her wrist shackles
over the showerhead and turned it on. Then he proceeded to shampoo her hair and
groom her pubic hair gently, ignoring her indignant screams, protests and foul
language. Then he gently shaved under her arms, being careful not to nick her.
When he started to soap up her legs in preparation for shaving them, she tried
jerking away, growling. &quot;I don't shave my legs you dumb fuck!&quot;

Holding her legs still, he continued on, ignoring her
completely. She growled again and kicked at him. &quot;I SAID I don't fucking
shave my damn legs!&quot;

He blocked the kick easily enough and continued soaping her
up her long, thin legs. &quot;What are you forgetting to say if you want my
attention toy?&quot; He asked calmly.

She howled indignantly and stomped her foot in frustration,
baring her fangs at him. He looked up at her, smiling. &quot;Those fangs are
very cute toy.&quot;

She snorted and glared at him. When he started getting the
razor ready she clenched her teeth and said, in a tone heavily laced with
sarcasm, &quot;Milord shit for brains, I do not shave my mother fucking
legs!&quot;

Putting the razor aside and ignoring the names, he looked
up at her, &quot;OK toy, what do you do then?&quot;

She glared at him, fangs bared, &quot;I wax them you stupid
son of a bitch!&quot;

Ignoring the insult, he rinsed her off the lifted her out
of the tub and started to dry her off gently, listening to her snarl and hiss
the whole time. Gently, he dried down her stomach working towards her legs.

She tried to pull away but he held her tight. Howling in
frustration she snarled, &quot;I am very capable of doing this you dumb cock
sucker!&quot;

Making sure her legs were dry, he said, calmly, &quot;Until
you learn to be a toy instead of a spoiled child you will continue to be
treated as such. Now, spread your legs so I can finish.&quot;

Snarling, she bared her fangs at him, &quot;No fucking
way!&quot;

Sighing deeply, he spread them for her and finished quickly
then picked her up and sat her back on the counter, grabbed the blow dryer and
started to do her hair.

Howling, she tried to push him away but he held onto her
tightly. &quot;You aren't doing it right numb nuts!&quot; She screamed,
wiggling all over.

When he finished he carried her back into the bedroom and
laid her back on the bed. He again chained her up by the collar. Then he
retrieved the wax kit from the bathroom. He was able to do her legs easily
enough despite her squirming around but when he spread her legs, she put up
more of a fight.

Clamping them tightly shut, she glowered at him, &quot;You
are NOT going to wax there!&quot;

Looking up at her, face calm, he said, &quot;Spread your
legs toy. Don't make this any harder on yourself than you already have.
Because, one way or another I am going to wax that twat of yours.&quot;

Glaring at him, she squeezed them more tightly together.
&quot;Why do you want my pussy waxed anyway? Are you some kind of pervert that
likes grown women to look like little girls? Is that it fuck tard?&quot;

Ignoring her, he got up, retrieved a spreader bar from the
closet, and put it on her. Then he proceeded to wax her, listening to her howl
and scream angrily, using some very colorful language to describe an incestuous
relationship he had with his mother and father. When he finished, he swatted
her on the ass and said, grinning, &quot;Good toy.&quot;

Glaring at him, she flipped him the bird.

He unchained her and stood her up in front of an easy chair
in the corner. &quot;OK toy, bend over, it's time for your morning
inspection.&quot;

Looking over her shoulder at him, she snarled, &quot;No
fucking way. I'll do it when Lucifer ice skates to work.&quot;

Sighing, he looked at her, shaking his head. &quot;Why do
you have to make it so hard on yourself? Just behave and do it willingly, don't
make me force you. By now, you should realize I will make you do it. Just
behave and do as you're told, make it easy on yourself toy.&quot;

Narrowing her eyes, she glowered at him, &quot;Fuck you,
asshole!&quot; she spat.

Staring hard at her, he said, &quot;So be it toy, we'll do
it your way.&quot; Forcing her to bend over at the waist, he hooked her wrist
chain to the spreader bar. Wiggling around and howling furiously, she was able
to do nothing about it. He ran a hand up her legs, over her ass then up her
back, confirming something he had noticed while giving her a bath, the welts,
bruises and cuts he had left on her the night before had completely healed,
leaving her skin smooth and unblemished. He then spread her ass cheeks and
checked her anus to see if there was any residual damage. There wasn't.

The whole time he was touching her, she was cussing him out
colorfully in 15 different languages. When he ran a finger lightly over her
pussy she tried to take a swipe at him but to no avail, the chains held her too
tightly and were too short.

Rubbing her clit softly, he chuckled at her attempt,
&quot;Ahh, ahh, ahh, you're not being a good toy and won't get spanked if you
keep it up.&quot; Spreading her lips, he checked to see if there were any
visible signs of damage, again, there wasn't. He then tickled the entrance of
her urethra softly, eliciting howls of indignation from her, causing him to
chuckle. &quot;Toy, you need to behave better or you won't get what you
want.&quot; Then he thrust his finger deep into her pussy and wiggled it around
a bit.

Howling loudly, she wiggled all over the place, &quot;I
really don't give a rat's ass what I don't get from you, you dumb fuck. Just
let me go!&quot;

When he was done, he unhooked her from the bar and carried
her down to the kitchen. Sitting her on the counter, he hooked her arm chain
over a hook on the top of the cabinets so she couldn't move then fixed breakfast,
listening to her grumble and growl, squirming around, trying to get free.

When it was fixed he put it on a plate and sat it on the
table, then he got her off the counter and sat at the table, with her on his
lap. Putting an arm around her waist, he tried to feed her.

On the first fork full, she was able to shove his hand
away, knocking the food all over the table. She turned her head away, &quot;I
don't eat.&quot;

Grabbing both of her arms, he was able to hold them down
then got another fork full and managed to get it in her mouth.

Turning her head, she looked at him then proceeded to spit
the food in his face, glaring. He glared hard at her but said nothing as he
grabbed a napkin and wiped his face off. Getting another fork full into her
mouth but this time he held it shut and pinched her nose, forcing her to
swallow. Glaring at her he said, &quot;Toy, you're misbehaving. I am very
disappointed in you. You're being a very bad toy.&quot;

Snarling at him, she replied, &quot;I bloody well don't
give a flying fuck, you bastard! If you would get off your fucking power trip
and actually listen to me it might penetrate that thick skull of yours that I
don't fucking eat!&quot; She was so infuriated by this point that her natural
British accent, she had suppressed for so many years, was back full force and
very thick.

Ignoring her outburst, he got another fork full. He tried
to get it in her mouth but she almost bit him, staring up at him, growling
loudly. He was getting to the end of his patience. Slamming the fork down on
the table he grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head back, glaring
down at her.

She glared back, eyes flashing, fangs bared and growling
loudly.

Glaring back he said, in short clipped tones, &quot;My toy
wants to act like an animal? Fine! I'll treat you like one then!&quot; He put
the plate down on the floor then put her down by it, on all fours. &quot;You
can just eat that way then!&quot; He pushed her head down into it, covering her
face with the food.&quot;

Letting out a howl of pure rage, she swatted the plate
away, causing it to skid across the floor, spilling food all over, before
smashing into the cabinet, breaking.

Sighing deeply, trying to get his temper and frustration
level back under control, knowing it would do no good to feed her any more, he
put her back up on the counter and hooked the chain up again then cleaned up
the mess. She wiggled around on the counter, hissing and spitting, more pissed
off than she had been in her entire life, glaring at him. She was covered in
food, something that did nothing to improve her already foul mood.

When he was done, he picked her up and carried her down to
the basement and unlocked a thick oak door then carried her inside. This was
the only time she had been quiet since she had woken. The room was a fully
equipped dungeon. Actually, it was better equipped than most BDSM clubs she had
been in. Looking around the room, her eyes were wide, licking her lips.

Putting her down on the floor, he chained her to the wall
by the collar then grabbed a nearby hope and turned the water on. Training it
on her, he washed her off with it. She howled in anger, sputtering, holding her
hands out in front of her, trying to divert the water a bit.

When he finished, he put the hose up and stared down at
her, &quot;IF my toy wants to act like an animal then that's how I will treat
her. Glancing down at his watch, he sighed, and then looked at her, &quot;You
will have all day to think about how you behaved and just how you can improve
it.&quot; He then walked out, shutting the door firmly behind him.

Howling in rage, she glared at the shut door. Then she sat
on the floor, shivering, cold and wet.

Walking upstairs to the bedroom, he cleaned himself up and
got dressed then left for the office. On the drive, he silently hoped that a
long day alone in the basement would convince her to behave better and accept
her fate. Sighing deeply, he thought she was taking a lot more work than he
anticipated. He expected a bit of a problem with her but didn't expect the war
he had been in since last night.

Hearing the door upstairs slam and his car pull out, she
let out a howl of rage so loud the walls shivered. She spent the first two
hours of her confinement yanking and pulling on the chair attached to her
collar, trying to get loose then worked on the collar and shackles. Finally,
she curled up on a small rug in the corner, planning and plotting about how she
was going to get herself out of this disaster.

When he got home, Darious first went up and changed into
some more comfortable clothes then went downstairs and fixed supper and laid it
on the table. He then went to the dungeon to get her. Reaching down, he
caressed her cheek softly, smiling, &quot;Did you have a good day toy?&quot;

Glaring at him, she snarled, &quot;Fuck no! That is a
really stupid fucking question!&quot; She swatted at his hand, growling.

Stepping back, he looked down at her, eyes hard. &quot;You
misbehaved so you got to spend time down here. Learn to behave properly and you
won't have to.&quot; Unchaining her, he carried her upstairs then sat down at
the table with her on his lap once again, and then he started to feed her. She
turned her head and ended up with food covering her face. &quot;I TOLD you this
morning, I don't eat you stupid shit!&quot;

Once again, he ignored her and continued. By the time he
finished, she was once again covered with food and seething. Like that morning,
he sat her on the counter while he did dishes and cleaned up.

She was so angry one could almost see the steam coming out
of her ears. Wiggling around on the counter, she grumbled and muttered to
herself, yanking at the shackles and chains. When he was finished, he carried
her back down to the dungeon. Once again, he chained her up and hosed her off.

Howling in rage, she held her hands out in front of her and
turned her face away from the water. This time, instead of letting her drip
dry, he stood her up and gently dried her off with a big, fluffy towel. Then he
inspected her thoroughly again. She cussed and shouted loudly, wiggling around,
trying to fight him but to no avail.

Ignoring her attempts, he finished then chained her spread
eagle facing the wall. Pressing up against her back, he stroked up and down her
sides. &quot;My toy is not behaving very well. I'm disappointed in you.&quot;

Snarling, she said, &quot;I rightly don't give a flying
fuck whether you are or not you dumb son of a bitch! Let me go! Now
dammit!&quot;

Ignoring her once again, he undid his jeans and lowered
them then pressed back up against her and slid his cock deep into her pussy
then started to fuck her deep, hard and fast.

Screaming in rage, she said, &quot;What the fuck do you
think you're doing? This is rape!&quot;

Ignoring her totally, he continued to pound into her,
making no effort to try to get her to cum. Growling in her ear, he said,
&quot;Why you learn to behave like a good and proper toy I'll make sure you
enjoy it as well. But until then you won't get to cum and I will use you as I
see fit, for my own pleasure.&quot; Pressing her tightly to the wall, he
continued to pound into her hard and fast.

She wiggled all over the best she could, screaming curses
at him, trying to fight him the best she could but to no avail.

Groaning loudly, he started to shoot deep into her pussy.He
held still for a couple minutes while he caught his breath then spread her ass
cheeks with one and placed the head of his cock against her asshole.

Looking over her shoulder at him, fangs bared, eyes
flashing, she said, &quot;Don't you fucking dare you sick son of a bitch!&quot;

Looking her in the eyes, he said nothing then put both
hands on her hips, holding her still, then slammed all the way deep into her
ass in one violent stroke.

Screaming loudly, she wiggled all over, trying to fight
him, mad as hell.

Fucking her hard and fast, he growled into her,
&quot;Address me correctly and with respect and just perhaps I will listen to
what you have to say to me toy.&quot; He continued to fuck her hard and fast
until he shot deep into her. When he finished he pulled out and stepped back,
looking at her.

Glaring over her shoulder at him, fangs bared, she said,
&quot;You sick fucking son of a bitch! How dare you! I was NOT put on this
earth to fulfill your needs or to be use whenever you feel like it! That was
rape, pure and simple!&quot;

Grabbing a towel, he started to clean her up, ignoring what
she was saying. When he was done, he unhooked her and put her down on all fours
then hooked a leash to her collar and tugged on it, trying to get her to follow
him. &quot;Come along toy.&quot;

She got the point quickly enough but refused to move,
yanking back on the leash.

Looking back at her over his shoulder, he shrugged,
&quot;So be it. We'll do it your way toy.&quot; Turning his back on her, he
walked up the stairs at his own pace, dragging her behind, hissing, spitting
and snarling the whole way, calling him every name in the book, yanking on the
leash. He led her into the living room and sat in his chair, dragging her over
until she was between his legs. Then he pushed her into a sitting position and
leaned back, turning the TV on.

She tried to pull away but he held her tightly by the
least. She continued yanking and pulling on it, snarling and howling, calling
him everything she could think of in a large variety of languages.

He held the leash tightly, ignoring what she was saying.
When she got too loud, he just turned the TV up louder. After about an hour, he
shut it off then dragged her upstairs, still fighting the whole way. He chained
her to the bed, sitting up and brushed her hair out.

She kept trying to push his hands away, &quot;Give me the
damned brush and let me do it myself numb nuts!&quot;

He pushed her hands away, continued until it was soft, and
shone brightly. He then laid her down and chained her wrist chain to the
headboard so she couldn't move her hands but was comfortable. He then stood up
and stretched, he was tired from fighting with her for so long. As he
undressed, he wondered how long she was going to continue to fight before she finally
gave in to what she truly wanted. He crawled into bed behind her and snuggled
up to her back, holding her close to his chest.

She stiffened up and growled, &quot;Don't touch me! Let me
sleep on the floor or something.&quot; Wiggling around, she tried to pull away
from his touch.

He cuddled her tighter to him and buried his face in her
hair. &quot;Hmm, my toy.&quot;

Wiggling around more, she tried to break loose from his
grasp. &quot;I'm not your fucking toy so leave me the hell alone fuck
head!&quot;

He grinned and pretended to snore. She howled indignantly,
wishing she had just one hand free so she could slug him a good one.

Reaching down, he started to stroke her ass softly. She
tensed up and growled but he ignored it. Lifting her leg a little bit, he slid
his cock into her ass gently.

Screaming angrily, she tried to pull away from him but he
held her fast. He slid in and out of her ass slow and easy, holding her,
stroking up and down her stomach.

Wiggling around, she tried to dislodge his cock. &quot;Quit
it! Leave me the fuck alone you asshole! Haven't you done enough for one
night?&quot;

Ignoring her as he did before, he held onto her tighter and
continued until he came again, then pulled out and started to doze off still
holding her tightly to his chest.

She lay awake all night, plotting and planning how she was
going to get away and get revenge. However, other thoughts were starting to
creep in as well. The part of her that was truly submissive was truly enjoying
and craving what he was doing and didn't want him to stop. It was confusing her
a great deal. She wanted to get away from this being and her craving for what
he was doing. When dawn finally broke over the horizon she dozed off, very
conflicted.

He got up first, once again, and went through his morning
routine, being careful not to wake her. He wanted some quite time alone before
world war three started again. Finally, he went and woke her up. He brushed her
teeth, gave her a bath, did her hair and did the morning inspection with her
fighting him the whole time. He led her downstairs on all fours by her leash
with her fighting and snarling every step of the way. After cooking breakfast,
he sat down at the table with her in his lap.

She fought him feeding her the whole way, howling
indignantly. Finally, after having half the food stuffed down her throat she
had enough. &quot;Milord Asshole, I don't fucking need to eat human food!&quot;
She screamed tone sarcastic.

He smiled a little bit, having just gotten her to say it.
Looking down at her he asked, &quot;Oh, you don't? What do you eat then
toy?&quot;

Glaring at him, she said, tone heavily laced with sarcasm,
&quot;You know how I feed shit for brains.&quot;

Nodding thoughtfully, he said, &quot;True, I do at that. Do
you need to feed now?&quot;

Snorting, she shook her head. &quot;No, if I need to feed,
believe me, I'll let you know in no uncertain terms.&quot;

Grinning, he replied, &quot;I have no doubt about that
toy!&quot; He didn't try to feed her any more, getting what he wanted out of
it, then he cleaned up and did the dishes before leading her down to the
basement on all fours. He chained her to the wall then swatted her on the ass,
grinning.

She glared back at him, severely pissed off.

Stepping back, he looked at her, grinning. She glared back,
baring her fangs. Then he stepped back up to her and pulled her up to a
standing position by her collar then shackled her, spread eagle, to the wall.
He looked down into her eyes and stroked down her cheek softly. She yanked her
head to the side and turned her head, growling. Grasping her chin, he turned
her head back, making her look at him. Glaring, she bared her fangs again,
obviously pissed. He reached up and ran his fingers through her mass of hair
while he held her chin firmly. Looking into her eyes, he said, &quot;Why don't
you just give into what you so want and quit fighting me. I can give you what
you so crave. Give you the pleasure you want and make you lose control in the
way no one else ever has. Just give into me toy. You don't dominate me as you
can others and I won't back down from you. You don't frighten me in the
least.&quot;

She stared deep into his icy blue eyes, conflicted. She DID
want to, wanted what he could give her and do for her, she did like that.
However, she didn't want HIM, a demon. She said, softly and without her usual
conviction, &quot;Fuck you Darious.&quot;

He noticed the tone change but didn't acknowledge it. He
stared, hard into her eyes, &quot;So be it toy.&quot; He sifted to full demon
form, continuing to look deep into hers. Grinning at her, baring his razor
sharp fangs, he said, &quot;You don't seem to want to listen to reason and do
things the easy way, so we will continue to do things your way. Be assured I
can hold out just as long as you can. Plus my patience is infinite.&quot; He
pressed his body tight to hers and looked down into her eyes. He picked her up
under the arms and lifted her as far as the chains would allow them, held her
tight to the wall with his body. He then rubbed both his cocks between her
legs. Then, he slammed both deep into both her holes and started to fuck her
hard and fast, his body slamming hers roughly into the wall.

She growled loudly at his rough entrance and wiggled all
over, trying to dislodge him, &quot;Quit it NOW!&quot; She screamed.

He finished quickly, before she could build to an orgasm.
Then he unchained her and lowered her to the floor, leaving her chained by the
collar. He could see his cum running down the insides of her thighs. Grinning
at her, &quot;I don't believe I'll clean you up before I go today toy. Perhaps
spending the day smelling and feeling me on and in you will remind you of your
station and perhaps remind you of how good I can make you feel and justwhat I
can do for you if you behave like a good toy.&quot;

&quot;Fuck you asshole!&quot; She snarled, glaring at him.

He shifted back to human form and stepped closer to her.
Petting her head softly, he chuckled, &quot;Good toy.&quot; Then he walked out
of the room and went up to the bedroom to get dressed. Then he left for work.

She howled indignantly and looked for something to throw at
the door but nothing was within reach. She then curled up on the rug and spent
the day once again plotting and planning her escape.

&#65279; 

After he got home, he went down and got her. He fixed his
own dinner then ate it with her sitting on his lap. He occasionally gave her a
drink, which she did take without a fight. After he cleaned up, he took her
into the living room. He sat in his chair with her between his legs on the
floor. He pretty much ignored her except to occasionally pet her head or
squeeze one of her tits.

She muttered darkly to herself for about a half an hour.
Then she extended one claw and jabbed him in the calf with it. &quot;I have to
go to the bathroom.&quot;

He winced but continued to ignore her.

She did it again but harder this time, &quot;I SAID I have
to go to the bathroom fuck head.&quot;

Again, he ignored the jab but he reached down and petted
her head softly, &quot;You know what toy? If you start behaving, better I will
allow you to spend the day up in the bedroom rather than down in the dungeon.
That would be much more comfortable for you now wouldn't it?&quot;

She grumbled and growled but didn't answer him. By now, her
need was getting urgent so she gritted her teeth and said, sarcastically,
&quot;Milord Fuck Head, I have to use the bathroom.&quot;

He looked down at her, wide-eyed, &quot;Oh, you do?
OK.&quot; He grabbed her leash and led her down to the dungeon then chained her
in the center of the floor by her collar to an eyebolt in the floor. It had
only enough length of chain that only allowed her to squat. He then slid a
chamber pot between her lags. &quot;OK toy, you may go.&quot;

Wiggling around, growling, highly agitated, she looked at
him, eyes flashing, &quot;I SAID bathroom not a mother fucking bedpan you shit
head!&quot;

He just stood behind her, stroking her hair softly, not
answering her.

Wiggling around more, highly indignant but she had to go so
badly, that after a few minutes she lowered her head and went, highly
embarrassed.

Stroking her head softly, he said, &quot;Very good
toy.&quot; He then wiped her then cleaned out the bedpan. Walking back over he
gave her a swat on the ass, grinning, &quot;Very good toy, you didn't
move.&quot; He chuckled deeply.

She muttered darkly to herself, her head still lowered,
cheeks flushed from embarrassed.

He unhooked her from the floor and hooked her leash back
onto the collar then put her on all fours and started to lead her, &quot;Come
alone toy, crawl.&quot;

She did crawl along but very slowly, muttering to herself,
eyes shooting daggers into him. He looked back at her, &quot;Fine toy, we will
do it your way again.&quot; He then walked at his normal pace, dragging her
along behind. He took her into the kitchen then warmed up the leftovers from
his supper and sat at the table and fed her. She sat passively on his lap and
let him feed her without a fight.

He watched her while she ate, startled. He had expected
another fight. After he finished he cleaned up then carried her into the living
room. He bent her over the arm of his chair and grabbed a riding crop out of a
nearby cabinet then stepped back behind her. &quot;You were a good toy and
behaved how I have prescribed you to behave so now you will be rewarded.&quot;
He then started to whip her ass, leaving it red, swollen and covered with long,
angry welts.

She clutched onto the chair, tightly, and whimpered softly,
shivering. Despite not wanting it was really turning her on. After several
minutes, he stopped then put the riding crop between her legs and rubbed it back
and forth roughly across her pussy, hearing her moan, then stopped and stepped
back, looking at her.

She looked over her shoulder at him and growled loudly. He
looked her deep in the eyes, &quot;Beg me to continue toy.&quot; He said, voice
deep and rough, eyes flashing.

Growling louder, she bared her fangs at him, &quot;Fuck you
asshole!&quot;

Calmly, he looked at her, &quot;That's not the right
answer. If you don't beg you will not get release and it will stop right
now.&quot;

She snarled at him loudly then released a large cloud of
scent in hopes of over riding his self-control so she could get what she
wanted, to be fucked and cum.

Her scent did affect him, it gave him an instantaneous
throbbing hard-on but he kept tight grip on his self-control. &quot;Beg me toy
or you won't get anymore.&quot;

She glared back at him, frustrated that her normal trick
didn't work, also very sexually frustrated, &quot;Never!&quot;

He grinned at her and shrugged, &quot;So be it toy.&quot;
Tossing the riding crop onto the sofa he sat down in his chair and drug her
over then made her sit between his legs on the floor. Turning the TV on, he
leaned back and put a hand on her head, petting and touching her. She pulled
away from his touch, &quot;Will you just quit fucking touch me! I hate it!
Leave me the fuck alone will you?&quot;

Ignoring her comments, he pulled her closer by her collar,
continuing to stroke her. She sat there muttering to herself and growling
softly, eyes flashing.

After about an hour, he shut the TV off and led her
upstairs. He chained her to the bed then sat behind her and brushed her hair
out until it was soft and shone like a golden waterfall. He then lay her down
and inspected her, he her pussy and inner thighs were both soaked, showing that
indeed he had succeeded in turning her on. He finished quickly then crawled in
bed behind her. He held her tightly and soon fell asleep.

She lay there, muttering to herself until she also fell
into a light, restless sleep.

The next morning he woke up extremely horny. He rubbed
himself up against her ass and nuzzled his face into her hair, growling softly.
She woke up when he started growling. She looked over her shoulder at him then
turned her face away and sighed deeply. She had figured out by now it was going
to do her no good to fight him, he would take what he wanted anyway and she was
chained tight enough that she knew she couldn't fight back effectively.
Therefore, she laid there passively and let him do what he wanted.

He shifted then lifted her leg and pushed himself deep into
both her holes and started fucking her. Reaching around, he started playing
with her tits. She lay there and let him do what he wanted, not even trying to
make the effort to fight back.

He started to slam into her harder and rougher then grabbed
her hair and yanked her head back. &quot;Very good toy.&quot; He growled.
&quot;You're behaving for a change. Keep it up and I'll give you what you
want.&quot;

The rougher he got the more she started to like what he was
doing. She started to moan softly and push back onto him, the sheet clutched
tightly in her hands.

As he continued to pound into her, he reached down and
started to rub her clit. He continued until she was moaning and whimpering
loudly, squirming all over the bed. He yanked her head back and growled deeply,
&quot;Beg me to let you cum toy!&quot;

She was moaning loudly and slamming back onto him,
&quot;Please!&quot; she moaned breathlessly, before she could think to protest.

He reached out and raked his claws roughly down her back,
leaving welts and scratches. &quot;Please what toy?&quot;

She shivered and dug her nails into the mattress. &quot;I
want to cum please!&quot; She moaned loudly.

He slammed deep into her and gyrated his hips to get her
full and undivided attention. &quot;No toy. You're not begging well enough. In
addition, you are saying it correctly. So say it right and maybe I'll let you
cum.&quot;

She whimpered loudly and tried to formulate her request in
the correct manner. She ground back onto him, &quot;Milord PLEASE let me
cum!&quot;

He started to hammer into her again, panting into hear ear,
&quot;You're doing good toy, keep it up. Beg better.&quot;

She wailed loudly, &quot;PLEASE Milord, let me cum
PLEASE!&quot;

He started rubbing her clit harder and faster, fucking her
as hard and rough as he could. &quot;Beg toy!&quot; He snarled in her ear.

She threw her head back and howled, &quot;Milord, PLEASE
let me cum, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE!&quot;

He continued fucking her and playing with her clit until
she was wailing and howling, wiggling all over and slamming back onto him as
hard as he was into her. He yanked her head back and looked down into her eyes,
&quot;Put more feeling into it toy. If you don't I'll think you don't want to
cum. So beg!&quot;

&quot;PLEASE oh PLEASE Milord, let me cum! Your toy
desperately wants to cum!
PPPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEE!&quot;

He could tell that she really was trying her best so he
started rubbing her clit with his claws and slamming and grinding into her as
rough as he could, making sure he was hurting her.

She slammed back onto him one more time then threw her head
back and screamed at the top of her lungs, cumming hard, soaking his groin and
halfway down his legs with her juices.

When he felt her tighten down on his cocks and start to cum
he let himself release, growling loudly, flooding her insides with his icy cold
seed. When he was finished he held her tightly to him and caressed her softly,
&quot;You did well toy. You pleased me a great deal.&quot; He heard her panting
heavily and whimpering softly. He let her catch her breath then got her up and
bathed her and brushed her teeth then blow dried her hair and inspected her.

This morning, she didn't fight him at all, just sat quietly
and let him do it without a whimper. He carried her downstairs and sat her at
the table while he cooked her breakfast. He sat and ate with her sitting on his
lap, feeding her as well. She sat there passively and ate without a fight. He talked
softly to her and rubbed her back through the whole meal. When he was finished,
he cleaned up and carried her down to the dungeon. He hooked her to the wall by
the collar then got a soft mat, blanket and a pillow out of the closet. He laid
them out then placed her on them. Standing up, he smiled down at her, &quot;You
did very good this morning toy. I am very happy with your behavior. I'll see
you after work tonight.&quot; He caressed her head softly then left.

She stared at the shut door for a minute then curled up
under the blanket and soon fell into a fast sleep.

When he got home, he changed out of his suit then went down
to get her. She was still curled up on the mat, sound asleep. He sat by her
head, caressed the side of her face, and ran his fingers through her hair,
waking her up gently. She woke up and glared at him. He chuckled, looking down
at her. &quot;Tidy up toy then we'll go upstairs.&quot;

She folded up the blanket and piled everything in the
corner, grumbling.

He carried her upstairs then sat her at the table while he
fixed supper. Then sat her on his lap and fed her. She sighed deeply and ate
without a fight. She knew if she fought back, she would just end up pissed off
and covered with food. He stroked her back softly as he fed her, &quot;Toy, I'm
very pleased with your behavior.&quot; After he cleaned up and did the dishes,
he carried her into the living room. He sat down in his chair with her on his
lap instead of the floor like normal. While he watched TV, he stroked her belly
softly.

She laid there, passively, and let him, watching TV. She
wasn't sure if she was totally going to give into him or not. She wanted to,
yes, he was doing what she really wanted. However, she didn't want to give
herself to a demon.

A half an hour before his usual time he got up and turned
the TV off. He carried her down to the dungeon. Shackling her up in a standing
position in the center of the room, he grabbed a flogger off one of the nearby
racks. He then stood in front of her and looked down into her eyes. &quot;I'm
impressed with your behavior today toy. Therefore, I feel you deserve a reward.
The better you behave the more I will reward you. Keep that in mind toy.&quot;
He then stepped behind her and flogged her ruthlessly for about 15 minutes. He
could hear her moaning loudly and start to sweat and shiver. He knew he was
turning her on a great deal. He quit before she could cum then unhooked her and
carried her up to the bedroom. He put her in the shower and gently washed her
off. Then, after drying her off, he put her in bed and chained her to the
headboard. He curled up behind her and stroked her hair softly, &quot;You have
been a good toy today that pleased me a great deal. Keep it up and you will
gain privileges.&quot; He then snuggled her close to him and dozed off.

She sighed deeply and shut her eyes. Soon she fell into a
deep and conflicted sleep.

The next morning he went through what was by now their
usual morning routine with her being passive and not fighting. She didn't even
fight when he chained her up in the dungeon. In fact, she had curled up under
the blanket and was asleep before he even walked out of the dungeon. He turned
at the door and stood watching her for several minutes, leaning against the
jam, before he turned and walked up the stairs.

He only spent half a day at the office then went over to
her house. Today was the day the movers were going to be there to take her
stuff to storage. He did a quick walk through and gathered up her personal
stuff to take to his house. He packed it in his car then spent the afternoon
supervising the workers. After they finished he drove on home. It took him
several trips to get it into the house. Most of it went up to the bedroom. The
stuff from her study went into a spare bedroom he would allow her to convert
into a study when she learned to behave. Finally, he left her cat bed, cat
tower, scratching post and chew toys in the living room. He then changed out of
his suit and cooked her dinner. He then went down to the dungeon. She was still
asleep. He woke her gently, had her straighten up then carried her upstairs,
stroking her back softly, &quot;Your behavior had definitely improved toy,
that's very good. It's pleasing me greatly.&quot;

She lay passively in his arms until he walked through the
living room on the way to the kitchen and saw the bed and toys. Her head jerked
up and her eyes grew wide. &quot;What the fuck is that stuff doing here?&quot;
She snarled, looking at him.

He ignored her comments and carried her on into the
kitchen.

She extended a claw and jabbed him sharply in the chest
with it. &quot;I asked you a question!&quot;

He squinted at her then started to set the table, still
holding her in one arm. She glared at him. &quot;How did you get into my house
and why did you bring my stuff here?&quot; She snarled at him.

He sat her in a chair and stroked her hair softly before
bringing the food over to the table. She howled loudly and slammed her fist
onto the table hard enough to make the dishes jump. &quot;I'm talking to you
asshole and I expect an answer! Just why is MY stuff here and who gave you
permission to bring it here!&quot;

He put the food on the table then sat down and pulled her
onto his lap. He ran his fingers through her hair softly then started to feed
her, rubbing her back softly, but saying nothing. Through mouthfuls of food,
she continued to rant and rave, highly irate. &quot;Just who gave you the right
to go through my personal things and move them?&quot;

When he finished feeding her, he rubbed her back then
cleaned up and did the dishes. She sat at the table muttering, shooting him the
dirtiest looks she could muster. When he finished he picked her up and carried
her to the living room. He sat in his chair with her on his lap. He turned on
the TV and settled back, trying to relax.

She lay on his lap muttering and growling softly, she was
all bent out of shape about him being in her house, her own personal safe space
and going through all her personal belongings. However, what upset her even
more were her things being in his house. Her things being here signaled that
indeed, he was very serious about her being here with him for a long time to
come and she was torn about how she felt about that. She was almost frightened
by her own want for that. It frightened her that she did want that and that was
a lot of what she was fighting against.

He ignored her mutterings entirely and watched TV, gently
caressing her belly or running his fingers through her hair. He had anticipated
a slight reversal in her behavior when she saw her things. He would just have
to maintain what he was doing and he knew she would eventually come around.

She lay stiffly on his lap for a half an hour, talking and
muttering softly to herself. She looked up at him, giving him the blackest and
dirtiest look she could then said, in a tone full of venom and sarcasm,
&quot;Milord Fuck head, I have to go to the bathroom.&quot;

He smiled down at her and stroked her head softly, ignoring
the tone and the name. &quot;OK toy.&quot; He picked her up and carried her
down to the dungeon. He chained her in a squatting position by her collar then
slid the chamber pot under her. He took a couple steps back and folded his arms
over his chest, watching and waiting.

She signed deeply and urinated. She then tried to have a
bowel movement. She strained and pushed but to no avail. This was a problem her
kind had if they ate a lot. A meal occasionally didn't bother them and passed
right through without a problem. However, if they ate a lot over a period of
time it stopped them up, especially older ones. Because their digestive systems
no longer functioned like it did when they were human. Finally, when she
realized she just wasn't going to be able to she sighed deeply and looked over
her shoulder at him. &quot;I need a laxative.&quot; She hated asking him for it
but had no other choice now.

He stepped closer to her and stroked up and down her sweaty
back, ignoring what she said. She got the hint quickly and growled then phrased
it in the way he wanted. &quot;Milord Asshole, I need a laxative.&quot;

He ran his fingers through her now sweaty hair, looking
down into her eyes, &quot;Oh? You do?&quot;

She rolled her eyes, &quot;Obviously fuck head! I asked didn't
I? Believe me, if I didn't need it I sure as fuck wouldn't ask you for
it!&quot;

&quot;Hmm...&quot; He rubbed her shoulder softly,
&quot;Perhaps I have a better solution to your small problem. I think an enema
would be more appropriate for this situation. It will work faster and be a lot
more effective.&quot;

She stared at him, wide-eyed. She felt her asshole clench
at the mention of the word enema. &quot;No fucking way shit for brains! You are
NOT going to do that to me! I want a laxative. You SAID you would take care of
me and my needs and this is part of it!&quot;

He looked down at her and saw the panic in her eyes. He saw
this as an opportunity to get a point across to her and get her to improve her
behavior. He patted her head again then went to the recessed closet and got all
the equipment out. He laid it where she could see it and slowly started to put
it together.

She struggled in vein against the chain and screamed,
&quot;No Milord Asshole! A LAXATIVE!&quot;

He ignored her and finished assembling it then ran water in
the sink. He held his fingers under it until he felt it was warm enough then
started to fill the red bag.

She watched him, eyes getting bigger. Panic started to
seize her. She knew he would indeed do it if she didn't do something to
convince him otherwise. She thought quickly, and then said, her tone soft and
respectful, &quot;Please not that Milord, a laxative instead, please.&quot;

He added soap to the bag then screwed the stopper in. He
was a bit startled by the fact that she had just done something voluntarily he
had been trying to force her to do for the last few days. He knew if he gave in
right away shewould quickly revert to her former behavior. He turned and looked
at her, &quot;This will actually work better toy.&quot;

She looked at him, eyes pleading, obviously distressed,
&quot;Please not that Milord!&quot;

He stopped his preparations and looked at her, one eyebrow
raised. &quot;What's the matter toy? Don't you like this? It'll make you feel
better quickly. A lot faster than a laxative will.&quot;

She shook her head vigorously, &quot;No Milord, I really
don't. Please may I have a laxative and not that please?&quot;

He sat the equipment down on a table where it was clearly
visible to her then stood in front of her, arms folded across his chest. He
looked down at her, &quot;Beg for a laxative toy.&quot;

She took a deep breath then looked up him. &quot;Please
Milord, may I have a laxative. Please.&quot; She said softly, her tone was
devoid of sarcasm and the anger it usually contained when she addressed him.
She was trying to impart to him how she could behave if she so chose and if he
would do what she wanted rather than what he was planning.

He hung the bag up in front of her where he knew she could
see it at all times, showing it was ready to go. He looked down at her,
&quot;You can do better than that toy. You have done better in the past so I know
you can.&quot;

She looked up at the bag and hose, completely panic
stricken, then up at him wide-eyed. She then said voice soft and contrite, with
absolutely no trace of sarcasm, &quot;Please Milord, don't give me an enema.
May I please have a laxative instead? Please Milord.&quot;

He stepped forward and stroked her head softly, &quot;Very
good toy. You have pleased me. Now, wait right here and I'll go get you
something that will give you the relief you apparently need.&quot; He left the
enema bag where she could see it then left the room. He went to the store to
get her something.

She stared up at the bag and shivered all over, whimpering
softly and sweating.

He was back within 10 minutes. He walked back into the
dungeon carrying a small bag. He unchained her from the floor then stepped
back. &quot;OK toy, stand up, bend over and grab your ankles.&quot;

She stood up quickly then looked at him, eyes narrowed,
&quot;What?&quot;

He gave her a hard look, &quot;Bend over and grab
your ankles toy, now.&quot;

She shook her head vigorously, &quot;No. You SWALLOW a
laxative they don't go anywhere else. Just what are you trying to pull on
me?&quot;

He raised an eyebrow at her but said nothing. He pulled a
jar of suppositories out of the bag, making sure she could see what it was. He
then opened it and pulled one out.

She backed away from him, shaking her head vigorously,
&quot;No! Not that! No Way!&quot;

He walked towards her, eyes boring into hers, &quot;Willing
or not toy you are still going to get it.&quot;

She kept backing away from him until she was pressed up
against the wall. &quot;Please no Milord, that's just as bad as an enema.
Please don't do this to me, PLEASE!&quot;

He grabbed a hold of her and bent her over then straddled
her back and held her tightly with his legs.

She howled loudly and struggled mightily against him,
trying to get herself free. He reached back and parted her ass cheeks then
pushed the suppository deep into her ass with one finger. He left his finger in
to keep her from forcing it back out before it dissolved and could do the
intended job, holding her tightly between his legs.

She wiggled and thrashed around, trying to pull out of his
grasp, cussing him colorfully in several different languages.

He squeezed her tighter with his thighs, trying to hold
onto her. He looked back over his shoulder at her, &quot;If you keep fighting
me toy I WILL give you the enema as well.&quot;

She immediately stopped squirming and wiggling around,
looking over her shoulder at him, whimpering softly.

He nodded at her, &quot;Good toy.&quot; He could feel the
suppository was mostly dissolved so he pulled his finger out. He got off her
and took a few steps back, leaning against the wall, watching her closely.

She shot him a few dirty looks but that's the worst she
did. She even kept her mouth shut. After about five to ten minutes she started
squirming all over the place and sweating profusely, obviously very
uncomfortable. He cocked his head to the side, &quot;Do you have to go
toy?&quot;

She looked at him, her discomfort evident, &quot;Yes
Milord, I do.&quot; She said tone soft and quiet.

He gave her a firm look and pointed to the chamber pot, &quot;You
may use that toy.&quot;

She looked at the chamber pot then back at him, eyes
pleading with him, &quot;Milord please allow me to use the bathroom.&quot; She
did not want to take a crap in front of him.

He pointed again to the chamber pot. &quot;That is your
bathroom toy. Resign yourself to it.&quot;

She looked at him, eyes pleading, but saw his resolve was
firm. When her stomach started cramping up badly she knew, she had no choice
but use it. She walked over and squatted over it then started to void, her head
lowered.

He walked over and stood behind her, watching. He patted
her head softly and rubbed one of her shoulders. She was thoroughly dejected
and humiliated at having him watch. At that moment, she totally gave up
fighting him. Her resolve to not give into him was gone. He had pushed her
beyond what she could take and she finally caved into what she truly did want.
Without knowing it, he had hit the one button that worked to get her to behave,
humiliation. She could take pain beyond anything most living creatures could endure
and it would turn her on and get her off but true humiliation was not something
she could endure for very long. It was her one and only true limit. She
finished as quickly as she could, wanting to get it over as fast as she could.
When she finished she stayed squatted down, head lowered, cheeks red and
burning, waiting for his next instruction, quietly.

When he saw she was finished, he stroked her back gently,
&quot;Stand up, bend over and grab your ankles toy.&quot; She obeyed quickly,
without so much as an argument, keeping her eyes and head lowered. He wiped and
cleaned her up quickly then pinched her clit and gave her a hard swat on the
ass. &quot;Good toy.&quot; He stood her upright and gave her a hug then
disposed of the chamber pot and cleaned it out. When he finished he came back
in, attached the leash to her collar, pushed her, gently, down onto all fours
and started to lead her upstairs.

She followed obediently and without a fight, keeping pace
with him.

He led her into the living room and sat down in his chair.
He pulled her into his lap then turned on the TV. He softly petted her and
rubbed her belly. &quot;You are such a good toy and have pleased me a great
deal.&quot;

She curled up in his lap and rested her head on the arm of
the chair, smuggling up close to him. He looked down at her and smiled.
&quot;That's my toy. You are being very good.&quot; He said petting and
stroking her softly.

As he softly rubbed her back, she curled up tighter to him
and smiled. Shutting her eyes, she let the good feelings of his soft touch wash
over her and she started to purr softly. He heard the soft motor sound and
looked around, wondering where it was coming from. Not being able to locate its
origin, he dismissed it from his thoughts. As he stroked and petted her more it
got progressively louder. Finally, he recognized it for what it was and that it
was coming from her. He looked down at her and arched an eyebrow, &quot;You can
purr toy?&quot;

She sifted around slightly and looked up at him, &quot;Yes
Milord, I can purr.&quot; She said softly and respectfully.

Petting her more, he ran his fingers gently through her
hair, &quot;I didn't know you could do that. It pleases me a great deal to find
out these things. You are just full of surprises aren't you toy?&quot;

She shifted around a little bit more until she was laying
on her side, facing him then looked up and him and purred louder.

Looking down at her, he spanked her, hard several times,
grinning. She just looked up at him, purring louder than ever. He picked up the
remote and turned the TV off then picked her up and walked around behind the
sofa. He stood her up on her feet and backed away a little bit. &quot;OK toy,
lean over the back of the couch and spread your legs.&quot;

She quickly did as she was told, looking over her shoulder
at him, purring still. He stepped up beside her and ran his fingers through her
hair then reached back and swatted her on the ass several times, as hard as he
could. Smiling at her, he said, &quot;You have been a good toy and pleased me
so well that you deserve a reward.&quot; He then walked over to what she thought
of as his toy cabinet and retrieved a heavy-duty flogger. He then stepped back
behind her and started to use it down the backs of her legs, roughly.

She shut her eyes, threw her head back and moaned loudly.

He flogged her ruthlessly for several more minutes then
stopped, &quot;Is my toy turned on?&quot;

She looked back and him and whimpered softly, &quot;Yes
Milord.&quot;

He grinned at her, &quot;Is my toy very excited?&quot;

She licked her lips and nodded, &quot;Very much,
Milord.&quot;

He rubbed her ass a little bit, &quot;Is that twat of yours
wet toy?&quot;

She shivered and looked at him, &quot;Yes Milord, it
is.&quot;

He chuckled deeply, &quot;Is that pussy hungry toy?&quot;

She wiggled her ass at him slightly, &quot;Yes Milord, it
is.&quot;

He reached down between her legs and stroked up and down
her wet pussy a couple times then quit. He chuckled a little bit. &quot;Does my
toy want to feel my cock in that twat?&quot;

She quivered a little bit and moaned softly, &quot;Yes
Milord, I do, very much.&quot;

He took a few steps back and started to flog her again,
hard, &quot;Beg then toy. Beg to feel my cock in that pussy.&quot;

She moaned loudly and shook all over. &quot;Please
Milord!&quot;

He extended his claws then reached between her legs and
stroked one over her clot. &quot;Beg better toy!&quot; He growled loudly.

She shivered and pressed down into his hand. &quot;Please
Milord, may I feel your cock in my pussy!&quot;

He pressed himself tightly against her ass and rubbed his
cock up and down her crack all the while teasing her clit with his claw. She
whimpered loudly and shook all over then shifted to glaberal. He continued
rubbing his cock up and down her crack then started to stroke the tail that had
emerged from the base of her tailbone. She moaned again and it started to swish
back and forth briskly.

He stroked down her tail to the base where it protruded
from her body then rubbed around the base and started to stroke the underside
of it right at the base.

She screeched loudly and her tail stiffened and stuck out,
just the tip twitching. She looked over her shoulder at him, panting,
&quot;Milord, if you keep doing that you're going to make me cum and hard,
there will be no stopping it!&quot; She said her voice husky.

He cocked his head to one side and looked at her. &quot;Oh,
really toy? I've never heard of anything like that before.&quot;

She nodded vigorously, &quot;Really Milord.&quot;

He stopped stroking her tail and just ran it through his
fingers a few times, watching the end twitch. He then stepped back and quickly
stripped. Pressing back up against her, he rubbed his now naked cock back and
forth over her pussy a couple times before he buried it deep into her and started
to fuck her rough and hard.

She threw her head back and moaned loudly then started to
grind onto him, trying to get him into her deeper.

He continued to fuck her hard and deep, occasionally
swatting her hard on the ass or rake his claws down her back, leaving welts in
their wake. Then he grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head back. He
elongated his fangs then sunk them deep into her neck while he continued to
fuck her roughly. When he pulled them out of her neck he yanked her back onto
him and started playing with her clit roughly once again, also starting to
stroke the base of her tail once more. He threw his head back and roared, then
started to shoot deep into her. Growling, he said, voice deep and resounding,
seeming to bounce off the walls and fill the room, &quot;Cum toy!&quot;

The minute he started stroking her tail she started
building quickly to a big orgasm. When she felt his cock start to twitch then
shoot deep into her she screamed loudly, slammed back onto him and started to
cum, hard, howling at the top of her lungs.

He continued fucking her even after he had shot, he also
continued to rub her clit and the base of her tail, making her cum over and
over.

It kept up until she almost passed out and her tail struck
straight out like a bottlebrush. She finally slumped over the back of the sofa,
panting heavily. He bent over her and sunk his fangs into the other side of her
neck and thrust into her a few more times then came again, groaning into her
ear.

She thrust back onto him, whimpering softly.

He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight to his
chest, nuzzling his face into her neck, &quot;Is my toy hungry? Do you need to
feed?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;No Milord, I'm OK.&quot;

He sighed, &quot;OK toy. Then he swatted her on the ass,
hard, and punched her clit roughly. He pulled out of her then turned all the
lights off then picked her up and carried her up to the bedroom, holding her
close to him. He put her on the bed on all fours. Then she shifted fully and
got behind her on his knees. Quickly, he entered both her holes and started
fucking her roughly again.

She gripped the sheets tightly and moaned loudly, pushing
back onto him. He wrapped one arm around her waist and pulled her upright then
pulled her back until she was leaning up against his chest. He raked his claws
up both her thighs to her pussy then started to diddle her clit. He leaned down
and nipped her ear with his fangs then whispered, &quot;Cum for me toy!&quot;

She reached down and put her hand over his, pushing his
down harder on her clit then started to grind onto it. She threw her head back
gave a loud howl and started to cum, hard.

He thrust into her hard a few more times then came again,
groaning into her ear. After catching his breath, he held her tight to him and
lay down on his side with both his cocks still buried in both her holes. He
held her tightly to his chest, cuddling her tightly to him, his face buried in
her hair.

She pressed to him and draped her tail over his hip. She
stroked his arms softly and purred happily until she fell asleep.

As usual, he woke up before she did. He looked down at her
and smiled then ran a hand softly down her side then eased his cocks out of her
with a soft, wet, squishy sound. She felt him leave her body and woke up,
yawned then looked at him, eyes droopy.

He smiled down at her and softly caressed the side of her
face. He patted her softly on the ass then slid out of bed. He went into the
bathroom and took care of his morning needs. He then came back into the bedroom
and got a key off his keychain then unshackled both her wrists and ankles.
&quot;Ready to take care of your morning needs toy?&quot;

She sat up on the edge of the bed and rubbed her wrists
then looked up at him and smiled. She held her arms out, a signal for him to
pick her up.

He looked at her, startled, and then arched his eyebrows,
&quot;This is new toy!&quot;

She just looked up at him and giggled a little bit. He
smiled at her then picked her up and carried her into the bathroom. He brushed
her teeth then started to run her bath. When it was full he shut the water off
and signaled for her to come over.

She hopped off the counter and walked over to him. He
looked her over closely, to see if there was any residual damage from the night
before. Again, her skin was clear and unblemished as if nothing had happened.
He stroked a couple fingers down her back. &quot;Do you always heal overnight
toy?&quot;

She looked over her shoulder at him and shrugged,
&quot;Most times I do, yeah.&quot;

He looked at her, eyebrow arched, &quot;Most times? What
I've done to you heals overnight then?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Yeah, those would. They are fairly minor
injuries and heal fairly quickly.&quot;

He stroked her ass softly, &quot;How long would, say, a
broken bone take to heal?&quot;

She cocked her head to the side and looked at him,
&quot;About a week, give or take.&quot;

Caressing her sides softly, he said, &quot;What's the worst
you've been injured and how long did it take foryou to heal from it?&quot;

She thought for a minutes, bow furrowed. &quot;I was
disemboweled and had my neck broke by another she-devil once. It took me about
a month to heal from that.&quot;

He looked at her, mouth open, &quot;Damn! So you basically
regenerate then?&quot;

She shrugged again, &quot;Yeah, I do and fairly
quickly.&quot;

&quot;OK toy.&quot; He reached out and tweaked one of her
nipples, grinning. She looked up at him, grinned and giggled a bit.

Smiling down at her, he said, &quot;OK toy, get into the
tub.&quot; She quickly obeyed, submerging herself into the warm water, and then
looked up at him. He joined her, sitting behind her with her between his
spread, bent lets. He soaped up a washcloth and started to scrub her back
softly.

She leaned forward, her elbows resting on her bent knees,
purring softly.

He washed all of her he could then rubbed her on the
shoulder, &quot;Get on your knees toy.&quot; She did as told, facing away from
him, looking back at him over her shoulder.

He patted her ass then gently washed her pussy and ass then
down her legs. When he was finished he rubbed her ass again, &quot;OK toy, turn
around and face me so I can finish.&quot;

Turning around, she seated herself on his lap. Looking up
into his eyes, she smiled then leaned forward and kissed him tenderly, wrapping
her arms around his neck.

When she broke it off he looked down at her, eyes wide, a
surprised look on his face, &quot;Well toy, THAT was a novelty.&quot; He held
her close and caressed up and down her back softly.

She grinned at him and cocked her head to one side but said
nothing. He pulled her closer to him and held her tightly then kissed her back,
softly.

When he broke it off, she snuggled up close to him and
rested her head on his shoulder, purring happily. He held her for a bit then
washed her hair. When he finished he just held her, soaking, for a while,
massaging her back a bit and every so often squeezing her ass. When the water
got chilly, he patted her on the ass, &quot;OK toy, it's time to get out.&quot;

She gave him a quick peck on the cheek then crawled out of
the tub and stood, waiting for him.

He got out and quickly dried himself off then dried her off
gently. Then he picked her up and carried her back into the bedroom. He sat her
on the edge of the bed then sat behind her and gently brushed her hair out
until it shone brightly. He put her collar back on but didn't ramshackle her
this time. Then, he lay her down flat on the bed and gave her an all over body
massage.

She lay still with her eyes shut, purring loudly, thoroughly
enjoying it.

He chuckled a bit. Straddling her back on his knees, he
rubbed it gently, &quot;Does my toy like me giving her a massage?&quot;

She sighed contentedly and purred, nodding, &quot;Yes
Milord, I do.&quot;

Smiling, he said, &quot;Good toy.&quot; Then he spanked her
lightly on the ass, grinning.

She giggled a little and arched her ass off the bed,
looking back at him over her shoulder.

When he finished, he carried her downstairs and sat her on
the counter while he fixed breakfast.

She sat there quietly, watching him, not making a move to
do anything else.

When he finished he put it on the table then sat down with
her on his lap and started to feed both her and himself.

While she was eating, she looked up at him,
&quot;Milord?&quot;

He smiled down at her, still not believing how well she was
behaving. It was like Mr. Hyde turning back into the sedate and passive Dr.
Jekyll. &quot;Yes toy?&quot;

&quot;Eating regular meals like I have been doing causes me
problems.&quot;

His brow furrowed, this was something he didn't know.
&quot;Oh?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;yes. Problems like I had last
night.&quot;

He cocked his head to one side and looked intently at her,
&quot;How so?&quot;

She shrugged, &quot;I'm old and no longer human so my
digestive system no longer works like a humans does. If it gets overloaded it
doesn't function so well and I start to have some problems.&quot;

Putting the fork down, he stroked up and down her back,
&quot;I did not know that. So, you don't eat solid food then?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;I do eat but only once in a
while. Not every day. I don't get anything from eating, nutrition wise. It all
just passes through my body. What sustains me is when I feed. That is all I
really need.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;I see. OK toy, I will remember that.&quot;

She snuggled up closer to him and purred softly.

He ran his fingers through her hair and smiled down at her.
He didn't make her eat anymore and finished the meal himself. Then he cleaned
up and did the dishes, with her sitting on the counter by him the whole time.
He then picked her up and carried her back up to the bedroom, holding her close
to him and stroking her back softly. He set her down on the bed and chained her
to the headboard by her collar but didn't shackle her hands and feet. He smiled
down at her, &quot;You have pleased me greatly last night and so far today toy
so you deserve a reward.&quot; He walked to his dresser and pulled out one of
his t-shirts and a pair of socks. He then walked back over to her. Unchaining
her, he helped her put them on then re-hooked her collar to the headboard. He
stroked her head softly, &quot;Also, you will be allowed to stay in here
today.&quot;

She smiled up at him, &quot;Thank you Milord.&quot; She
said, softly.

Smiling, he caressed her cheek, &quot;Do you like that
toy?&quot;

She pressed her cheek into his hand and looked up at him,
&quot;Yes Milord, I like it very much.&quot;

He ruffled her hair, &quot;I have to get dressed and get
ready for work now.&quot; He then turned his back to her and went to his
closet.

She scooted to the edge of the bed and dangled her feet
over. She sighed deeply and said, very softly, &quot;Milord?&quot;

He didn't look at her, busy getting his clothes ready,
&quot;Yes toy?&quot;

She sighed and looked down at the floor, not sure how he
was going to take what she was going to say. Gathering her courage she then
said, very, very softly, &quot;Please don't go to work today. Stay here with
me.&quot;

He was busy pulling his pants on and about fell on his
face. He was very surprised. Of all the things he thought she would say, that
wasn't one of them and it stunned him. He pulled his pants up then turned and
looked at her while he did them up. &quot;I have to go to work toy.&quot; He
continued dressing, very flabbergasted.

She looked at him and shook her head, &quot;No, you don't.
You're the boss; you don't have to go in if you don't want to. Please, stay
with me today.&quot;

He pulled his shirt on and started to button it up, still
looking at her, &quot;why do you want me to stay toy?&quot;

She lowered her eyes and started to swing her feet back and
forth. &quot;Because, I get lonely being here all day, by myself.&quot;

He watched her closely, &quot;Lonely?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Yes Milord.&quot;

He walked over, took her chin in his hand, and tilted her
head up. &quot;What will you do if I decide to stay?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;Whatever you wish me to do
Milord.&quot;

He looked into her eyes, &quot;Will you suck my cocks if
that's what I want?&quot;

Nodding, she said, &quot;Yes Milord, if that's what you
wish.&quot;

&quot;If I tell you to bare your ass and twat so that I can
fuck them, will you?&quot;

&quot; Yes Milord, I will.&quot; She said, softly

&quot;If I want to whip you, can I?&quot;

&quot;Yes Milord.&quot;

He grasped her chin firmly and looked down deep into her
eyes, &quot;Can I strain your pussy and asshole if I so desire?&quot;

She looked up into his eyes, &quot;If that pleases you
Milord.&quot;

He ran his fingers through her hair softly, &quot;Can I cum
all over you and up in you if that is what I wish?&quot;

She looked up into his eyes, &quot;You can do to me
anything that pleases you Milord.&quot;

He stared down into her eyes, &quot;Will you run from me
toy?&quot;

She shook her head, looking deep into his eyes, &quot;No
Milord, I won't run from you.&quot;

He removed his hand and stepped closer to her, eyes still
locked with hers, &quot;If I leave you unchained you won't leave then?&quot;

She lowered her eyes and sighed deeply then locked her gaze
with his again. &quot;No Milord, I will not leave, you have my word.&quot;

He looked down at her and arched an eyebrow. If he was
startled before by her submission now he was very and completely stunned.
Moreover, not entirely sure that he believed her. He tried searching her mind
and soul to see if it was a trick but found her to be closed off to him. She
was old enough and so powerful that unless she specifically opened herself to him
he couldn't get by her barrier. He cocked his head to one side and looked
closer at her. &quot;What changed your mind toy?&quot;

She sighed deeply. What she was about to say was not
something she wanted to even admit to herself. She lowered her eyes and
whispered, &quot;Because I like what you do to me and no other being can do it
for me.&quot;

Nodding slightly he grasped her chin gently and tilted her
head up then looked down into her eyes. &quot;There is more to it than that
isn't there toy? Tell me what it is.&quot;

She took a deep breath, &quot;Because I gave you my word I
wouldn't.&quot;

He chuckled, &quot;There is still more, so just tell me
toy.&quot;

She shrugged, &quot;Where would I go that you wouldn't find
me?&quot;

He stroked her cheek softly with two fingers, &quot;You
could go back to your place easily enough. On the other hand, you could go to
one of your friends or kindred. I am sure they would hide you from me so well
that it would take centuries for me to locate you.&quot;

She sifted her gaze away from his. &quot;That's true, they
would. But I'm here now and won't leave.&quot;

He chuckled deeply then arched and eyebrow, &quot;What is
that toy? Why won't you leave me?&quot;

She dropped her gaze to the floor and shivered then said,
so softly that it was just barely audible, &quot;I'm yours aren't I?&quot;

He stepped closer to her, trying to hide his grin, having
just gotten what he had been fighting with her for. &quot;Huh? I didn't hear
that toy. Say it again please, only louder this time if you will.&quot;

She didn't want to, she didn't want to admit to him or to
herself for that matter, that indeed she now belonged to him. In addition, that
she was willing in that agreement. She just kept her eyes on the floor and
sighed deeply.

He stroked her head softly, &quot;Say it again toy, but a
little louder so I can hear you clearly if you will.&quot;

She looked up into his eyes then said, softly but clearly
audible, &quot;I am yours now Milord.&quot;

He caressed her cheek and smiled. &quot;Yes you are mine
and mine alone. I am very pleased you finally admitted it to yourself and to
me. It's a very large step in the right direction.&quot; He reached down and
unchained her collar then leaned down and kissed her softly and tenderly. When
he broke it off he smiled at her, &quot;I am very pleased with you toy and you
will be rewarded. However, later as much as I hate to, I do have to go to work.
A very important meeting requires my presence. But I assure you this; I will be
back as soon as I am able.&quot; He then finished dressing.

She sighed deeply and curled up around a pillow, watching
him. &quot;I understand Milord.&quot;

When he finished, he walked over and kissed her softly,
&quot;I will return soon my toy.&quot; Then, he left.

He didn't go into work. As he pulled out of the drive, he
called his assistant and told her he wouldn't be in, to reschedule his
appointments. He drove to a nearby coffee shop and sat drinking coffee for a
half an hour. The whole time he was there, he was worried he had made a serious
mistake and that she would leave and just vanish. Finally, he drove home. He
walked in then upstairs silently. He stood in the doorway and looked at her,
grinning. She was still curled up in the same position as when he left. Walking
in, he smiled at her, &quot;You're still here toy.&quot;

She looked up at him and smiled softly, &quot;I said I
would be.&quot;

Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he stroked her hip,
smiling, &quot;Indeed you did. Good toy. I am very pleased with you.&quot;

She scooted over next to him and laid her head on his thigh
then looked up at him.

He caressed her butt then spanked it a little, grinning.
Then he stood up, stripped down to his boxers, and lay down in bed beside her.
Wrapping his arms around her, he pulled her close to him and stroked up and
down her back, nuzzling his face into her hair. &quot;I decided that meeting
wasn't all that important. I would much rather be here and spend time with my
well behaved toy.&quot;

She snuggled up close to him, purring happily. &quot;Thank
you Milord.&quot;

He kissed the top of her head, &quot;You're most welcome
toy.&quot;

Chapter 4

&#65279; 

They were snuggled up in bed, getting ready to go to sleep
when she sat bolt upright and looked down at him, brow furrowed and a worried
look on her face, &quot;When you were packing up my stuff did you find a very
old stuffed cat? It's kind of beat up and looks like a leopard. It should have
been in my bedroom.&quot;

He rolled over onto his side, propping his head on his hand
and looked at her, &quot;Yes, I assumed it was one of your chew toys. It's
downstairs in the box with the rest of them.&quot;

Her eyes grew wider as he spoke then she yelled,
&quot;ARGH! It isn't a chew toy!&quot; She hopped off the bed and tore off down
stairs as fast as she could.

Sitting up, he stared after her, scratching his head.

She returned a few minutes later with the ratty, beat up,
smelly cat clutched tightly to her chest. Crawling back in bed, she snuggled up
close to him once again.

He wrinkled his nose when he got a whiff of it. It smelled
old and musty like a wet animal. He reached out to take it from her, &quot;Toy,
that stinky moth-eaten thing is not sleeping in this bed!&quot;

She clutched it tighter to her chest, wrapping both her
arms tightly around it, then looked at him, &quot;I've slept with Claude for
300 years.&quot;

He ran his fingers softly through her hair, &quot;But toy,
you have me to sleep with now. You can cuddle and snuggle up to me just like
you can that cat.&quot; He reached out to take it again.

She sat up, yanked the cat out of his reached and backed
away from him, &quot;You don't understand! Even when I sleep with someone, I
still have Claude with me. He's special.&quot;

He held out his hand to her, &quot;Give me the cat toy.
I'll put it on the table by the bed. Be reasonable, that thing stinks!&quot;

She shook her head vigorously, &quot;No. Claude means a lot
to me. More than almost anything else, I own. And You'd stink too if you
haven't had a bath in almost 300 years! I can't wash him he'll fall apart.
Please try to understand!&quot;

Sighing deeply, he reached out to touch the ratty stuffed
animals' fur. One touch told him why it stunk so badly, it was made of real
fur. He could feel it was stuffed with sawdust not the soft fill they now used,
confirming it was indeed very old. Leaning back, he looked at her, OK toy, I'm
willing to listen to the reason that thing means so much to you. If it's
compelling enough then I'll let it stay in my bed.&quot;

She leaned back against the headboard and curled herself
around the cat. Looking at him, she sighed, &quot;Claude was given to me by
Arkady after I kept him from being killed. I was disemboweled and had my neck
broken during the fight. While I was recovering, he brought it to me as a thank
you gift. Since then Claude has traveled all over the world with me. Wherever I
go, he goes with. I've never been without him. I know he's stinky and nasty
looking but he's been the one constant thing in my life for 300 years. I've
lost many things but never Claude. Do you understand now?&quot;

Sighing deeply, he shook his head. He still didn't
understand why she would be so attached to the beat up piece of old fur but
what he did get was the vehemence in her voice and it conveyed it was something
she felt deeply about. He thought n for a minute, stroking his chin. It was
obvious that if he told her it wasn't allowed in bed she would put up a fight.
He didn't feel a stuffed cat was worth getting into a fight over. He sighed
again, &quot;OK toy, it can stay. However, keep it out of my face. Also, see if
you can find a way to get it cleaned up.&quot;

She snuggled back up to him, smiling. Kissing him softly,
she clutched the cat tightly to her chest, &quot;Thank you.&quot;

He held her close and kissed the top of her head,
&quot;You're most welcome toy. Now, let's get some sleep shall we?&quot;

After a week of the cat stinking up his bed, he had enough.
Both of them had called everywhere they could think of to get it cleaned but no
one would touch it because of its age. He had bought some spray stuff that he
zapped it with. It helped but didn't kill the smell entirely. Finally, one of
his assistants found the name of a fur restorer. He called and explained the
problem. The owner said to bring it in and he would see what he could do with
it.

The next morning while she was in the shower he grabbed the
cat and, holding it away from him with two fingers, put it in a bag, wrinkling
his nose at the smell of the thing. On the way to work, he stopped by the fur
restorer.

The old man behind the counter looked it over carefully
then looked back to Darious. &quot;If I fix it, it will drastically reduce its
value. As it is, it's worth a great deal of money.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;I don't care about that. It's
my girlfriends. She still sleeps with it and it means a great deal to her. Can
you fix it and clean it up so it doesn't stink?&quot;

The old man nodded, &quot;Oh yes, without much of a
problem. Dyed raccoon fur is why it stinks. I can patch it, clean it, restuff
then re-dye, that should eliminate the smell. However, it'll cost about
$200.00.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;Fine. I'll give you $500.00 if you
can have it done by noon.&quot;

The old man looked at him, a grin breaking his wrinkled
face, &quot;I'll have it done by noon sir!&quot;

Darious chuckled and paid him, &quot;I'll send one of my
assistants by to pick it up.&quot;

Soon after he got to the office, Dani called, panicked,
unable to find the cat. He got her calmed down then hung up. At noon, he sent
his assistant to pick it up along with a couple new stuffed cats for her.

At 1:00PM she called again, almost hysterical, &quot;I
can't find him ANYWHERE!&quot;

&quot;Calm down Dani, he'll turn up somewhere.&quot;

&quot;But Darious, he's gone!&quot; She almost sobbed.

&quot;When I get home I'll help you look for him. Why don't
you come here and spend some time with me. That will take your mind off
it.&quot;

She, reluctantly, agreed then hung up.

Before she got there, his assistant returned with Claude in
a box, tied up nicely with a bow, and three other new cats. Darious put them in
his desk.

Forty-five minutes later Dani came in. She sat down in his
lap, obviously upset, tears in her eyes.

He held her to him and stroked her hair, &quot;I got
something for you.&quot; He handed her the box.

She took it then slowly opened it. A look of pure joy
washed over her face as she pulled out the fully restored cat.
&quot;Claude!&quot; She clutched it tightly to her chest then hugged Darious
tightly and kissed him. &quot;Thank you! Thank you, thank you Mookie!&quot;

He hugged her tightly, &quot;You've most welcome
Dani.&quot; He looked over to his two chuckling assistants. &quot;That nickname
leaves this office you don't have a job!&quot;

The both grinned bigger and nodded.

Dani broke off the hug then bopped him on the head with the
cat. &quot;Don't EVER do that to me again! I was having panic attacks!&quot;

He chuckled deeply, &quot;I did it as a surprise for you, I
didn't think you'd miss him during the day.&quot; He pulled out the other cats,
&quot;I also got these for you&quot;

She cuddled them close and kissed him softly, &quot;Thanks
Mookie.&quot;

He held her, &quot;You're most welcome toy.&quot;

Chapter 5

&#65279; 

He shoved the paperwork aside and rubbed his eyes, then
stretched. He had been poring over figures from his accountant for a couple of
hours, and by now they were starting to run together and blur, so he decided to
take a bit of a break from them. Standing up, he stretched again, hearing his
back pop. Chuckling deeply, he said, &quot;That feels better!&quot; He decided
to go up and see how Dani was doing.

He found her in the bedroom, sprawled in the center of the
bed, watching TV. He leaned against the doorjamb and smiled, just watching her.
She had been especially good lately and in a very playful mood. Since she had
gotten beyond her reluctance about him and being here, more of her personality
was starting to show through. She really wasn't what he expected. Considering
her age and the life she had lived, all the hardships she had endured, he
expected her to be far more serious and dower than what she was. He found out
there was very little she took seriously.

She had a wonderfully bizarre sense of humor and a very
playful nature. One night she may drop water balloons on him from the bedroom
window as he walked in after work or perhaps start a bubble fight with him
while they were doing dishes, laughing and giggling the while time. She wasn't
above putting a whoopee cushion on his chair and going into gales of laughter
when he sat on it. She was a lot of fun to have around.

Then there was her sex drive, which was at least equal to
his own. The more he could give her, the better she liked it. She loved getting
what he was best at, serious pain. The more he hurt her, the harder she came.
Plus, there was an added bonus, unlike a human or most other creatures, she
healed overnight so there was no fear of people seeing her bruised and welted
and thinking he was abusing her. With his business and stature he didn't need
some busy body calling the police then reporters picking it up and it becoming a
headline in a newspaper. That would not make him at all happy.

He was a naturally dominate being and she was a natural
submissive, a bratty one he found out quickly enough, but a sub none the less.
The more dominate he got, the more excited it got her. In many ways they were
the perfect pair. It had just started out rocky is all. But the road was now
starting to smooth out and things were going well.

He walked in the room and sat down next to her on the bed.
He rubbed one of her shoulders softly, &quot;What are you doing, Toy?&quot;

She yawned, rolled onto her side, and looked up at him.
&quot;Just watching TV is all, nothing exciting.&quot;

He lay down beside her and brushed a lock of hair off her
forehead, smiling, &quot;What are you watching?&quot;

She shrugged and smiled up at him, &quot;I really couldn't
tell you. Nothing good, anyway.&quot;

Chuckling, he said, &quot;That good of a day, huh
Toy?&quot;

She rolled her eyes, &quot;Very boring.&quot;

He put his arm around her and rubbed her butt, smiling down
at her, &quot;You have behaved very well lately. I am pleased.&quot;

She snuggled closer to him and smiled, &quot;I've tried to
anyway.&quot;

He traced a finger down the side of her face, &quot;You've
done very well, Toy. I am pleased with you.&quot; He then gave her a hard swat
on the ass.

She giggled softly and looked up at him.

He ran his fingers through her hair, &quot;So, what would
you like for supper tonight?&quot;

She started to purr softly, &quot;Umm, how about a
cheeseburger and French fries?&quot;

He ran his fingers down her back and rubbed her butt,
&quot;Yeah?&quot; He then swatted her on the butt again, then rubbed it and
squeezed it tightly.

She giggled a little and purred louder.

Chuckling a bit, he said, &quot;Cheeseburgers and fries,
huh Toy?&quot;

She nipped at his nose playfully and giggled, &quot;Oh
yes.&quot;

He pulled her closer to him and nuzzled his face into her
hair, &quot;That sounds like a good idea, Toy.&quot;

She giggled a bit more, &quot;From McDonalds.&quot;

Looking down at her, he grinned, &quot;Having a craving,
Toy?&quot;

She gave him a lopsided grin, &quot;Oh yeah!&quot;

He grinned at her, and then swatted her on the ass again.
She giggled louder and arched her butt up into his hand. He gave her another
swat, but harder, and then rubbed it in. She looked up at him and purred
loudly, wiggling her ass in his hand. He gave her a kiss on the forehead and
got out of bed. He walked over to the dresser and pulled out a t-shirt, socks
and a pair of sweats.

She rolled over onto her stomach and kicked her legs up
behind her, crossing her ankles, watching him intently.

He looked at her and grinned, &quot;Would you like to come
along?&quot;

Her eyes widened and she sat up quickly, &quot;Oh, hell
yeah!&quot;

Chuckling deeply, he said, &quot;Well then, stand up.&quot;

She did quickly, looking at him.

He walked over to her and hugged her tightly, then kissed
her passionately, grinding his crotch into her stomach. His hand snaked down
her back then between her legs and started top play with the back of her pussy.

She moaned into his mouth and then pressed herself tighter
to his body and ground her crotch down onto his hand.

He untangled himself from her and took a couple steps back,
smiling. &quot;If we're going to go, you better hurry up and get dressed.&quot;

She grabbed the clothes and quickly started to pull them
on.

While she was bent over stepping into the sweats, he
chuckled and gave her a playful swat on the ass.

She jumped a little and giggled, looking back at him. She
then quickly finished dressing and turned around to face him.

He smiled at her, &quot;Very good, Toy. Now, before we
leave there are some rules to this little excursion and you will follow them to
the letter. When we get into the cart you will put the seatbelt on and it will
stay on at all times for the duration of the trip. Do you understand that,
Toy?&quot;

She nodded solemnly, &quot;Yes, M'lord.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;Very good. Along with that you will not
wear shoes and the car door will remain locked at all times. Have I made myself
clear?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;Yes, you have, M'lord.&quot;

He smiled down at her, &quot;Excellent! If you behave then
you will be rewarded again when we get home.&quot;

She smiled at him, &quot;OK, M'lord.&quot;

He looked up at the ceiling like he was thinking,
&quot;Maybe some more spankings.&quot;

She giggled, &quot;OK.&quot;

He stepped closer to her and stroked the side of her face
then whispered, &quot;And if you're really good you'll get two nice hard cocks
and a really rough fucking. How's that, hmm Toy?&quot;

She purred loudly, &quot;It sounds wonderful, M'lord.&quot;

Smiling down at her, he said, &quot;OK, turn all the lights
off and meet me at the front door.&quot; He gave her a swat on the ass to get
her moving.

She giggled then took off to take care of it.

He grabbed his keys off the dresser and walked downstairs.
He stood at the front door and waited for her.

She finished quickly then dashed down the stairs and met
him, smiling.

He stroked her hair and smiled, &quot;Very good toy.&quot;
He pulled her leash out of his pocket and attached it to her collar. He then
led her out to the car and helped her into the passenger side. He then seat
belted her in. Smiling down at her, he said, &quot;Good Toy.&quot;

She sat quietly and let him do it, gazing at him passively.

Then, he got into the drivers side and buckled himself in
then leaned over and took her collar off and put it in the glove compartment.

She looked over at him, a little bit bewildered.

Smiling, he said, &quot;If you remember, I told you I
wouldn't make you wear it in public.

Nodding, she said, &quot;Yeah, now I remember that.&quot;

Smiling, he ruffled her hair a bit, &quot;You're a good Toy
and don't need that kind of humiliation.&quot;

Smiling, she said, &quot;No, I don't.&quot;

He reached over and ran his fingers through her hair,
smiling, &quot;You're a good Toy.&quot; Then he started the car and pulled out
of the driveway. He drove to the nearest McDonalds, about 15 minutes from the
house. He got from her what she wanted then went through the drive-through and
ordered. When the server handed the bag of food to Darious, she snatched it out
of his hands and started to eat the fries in big handfuls, giggling.

As he pulled out, he watched her, smiling. &quot;OK Toy,
don't scarf all those fries. I want some of them as well.&quot;

She grinned at him while stuffing more fries in her mouth.
Then she unbuckled the seatbelt and slid over next to him.

He watched her closely out of the corner of his eyes and
was about to say something when she buckled herself back in.

She leaned on his shoulder and started to feed him fries.
But it would probably be more accurate to say she was stuffing them in his
mouth, giggling the whole time.

He almost choked on the first mouthful, unprepared for that
many, but managed to chew and swallow them.

Every time he swallowed she stuffed more into his mouth,
giggling. Finally, she asked, &quot;Would you like some of your burger
too?&quot;

He chewed up the last of the fries and looked at her,
smiling, &quot;Yes, I would.&quot;

She unwrapped the burger halfway down and tore off a large
piece and fed it to him, followed by more fries, giggling madly. Every time he
swallowed she repeated the procedure. During one the times, he got mustard and
ketchup on his nose. She leaned up and licked it off, giggling wildly.

He looked down at her and arched an eyebrow, then grinned.

She wiggled her eyebrows at him then burst into a gale of
giggles. She tucked her feet underneath her and pressed closer to him. Then she
stuffed more of the burger into his mouth.

He chewed frantically, his mouth full. When he finally got
it all swallowed he looked down at her, &quot;Geesh Toy, will you at least let
me finish chewing before you stuff more in my mouth?&quot;

She looked up at him and grinned, &quot;Now you know what
it was like when you were feeding me.&quot; She then giggled some more.

He chuckled, &quot;OK, point taken.&quot;

By this time they had stopped at a red light. In the lane
next to them was a cop car. She looked around his shoulder at the two cops then
smiled and waved at them. She then went back to stuffing fries in his mouth.

Darious nodded to the officers, and then rolled his eyes as
she stuffed another handful of fries in his mouth.

Both officers just grinned and shook their heads.

Rather than take her straight home, he drove to a park
close to his house and parked the car. He looked at her and smiled, &quot;I
thought it might be nice to have our lunch outside.&quot; He turned the radio
on low and leaned back in his seat.

She unbuckled her seatbelt and shifted onto his lap, facing
him. She giggled madly when her butt hit the horn ant it went off.

He chuckled at her then unbuckled his seatbelt and moved
the seat back as far as it would go. He wrapped one arm around her waist and
put his other hand on her thigh. Smiling at her, he said, &quot;OK Toy, let's
eat.&quot;

She grabbed the bag off the seat and put it on her lap then
started feeding him fries again, giggling as she stuffed them into his mouth.

He grinned at her between mouthfuls, &quot;Trying to stuff
all those fries down my throat, huh Toy?&quot;

She just grinned and giggled, and then stuffed more into
his mouth.

He chuckled deeply, eyes twinkling, &quot;Uh huh, OK Toy,
be that way.&quot; He held onto her wrist lightly so she couldn't put the next
handful into his mouth, and then leaned forward and kissed her softly.

She dropped the fries she had in her hand back into the bag
then wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back tenderly.

He broke the kiss off and smiled at her, running his
fingers through her hair. He then grabbed her Big Mac out of the bag and
started to feed it to her. Every so often he would wipe the sauce that dribbled
down her chin off with his fingers and let her lick it off.

While he was feeding her he slid one hand down the back of
her sweats and rubbed her bare ass. She giggled loudly and wiggled around on
his hand, grinning at him. Then, she leaned forward and kissed him softly.

He squeezed her ass with one hand and kissed her back
tenderly. His other hand then snuck under her shirt and pinched one of her
nipples. She moaned into his mouth and pressed tightly to his chest. Then, she
pushed herself away and slithered down until she was on the floorboard between
his legs. Nipping softly at his left thigh through his pants with her teeth,
her hands found his zipper and lowered it then unbuckled his belt and undid the
button on his pants. With expert hands she had his cock out in a matter of
seconds and started to lick it up and down, all over, looking up into his eyes
as she did.

Groaning loudly, he let his legs fall apart and stroked her
silky hair with one hand, watching her. She then took his cock all the way into
her mouth, sucking hard on it, before starting to move her head up and down,
swirling her tongue around it as she did. He arched up his hips, pushing it all
the way into her mouth, groaning, eyes slitted, starting to sweat a bit.

Starting to rub his balls through his pants, she moved her
mouth up and down on it faster, tightening her lips around it. Reaching down,
he held onto her head and started to move his hips, thrusting his cock in and
out of her mouth just how he liked it, panting heavily. It didn't take long
before her trained mouth had him on the verge of cumming. Holding tightly to
her head, he thrust his cock all the way into her mouth and released, shooting
his seed down her throat, groaning loudly.

She swallowed it all then pulled her mouth off, wiping it
with the back of her hand. Then she crawled back up into his lap and rested her
head on his shoulder, draping one arm over his chest, looking up into his face.

He looked down at her and grinned, &quot;That was a
novelty, Toy. I liked it.&quot;

Grinning up at him, she said, &quot;I'm glad.&quot;

He leaned down and kissed her tenderly. &quot;What say we
go home and I give you just what you like, hmm Toy?&quot;

Grinning bigger, she purred, &quot;Let's go!&quot;

Chapter 6

&#65279; 

Darious looked through the files in his desk, frowning.
Glancing at PJ, one of his assistants, who was looking in a nearby filing
cabinet, he asked, &quot;Is it there?&quot;

Looking back at Darious, PJ shook his head, &quot;No sir,
it's not here anywhere.&quot;

Darious sighed deeply, &quot;I must have left it at home
then, that is the only other place it can possibly be.&quot; He stood up and
put his suit jacket on, &quot;Grab your jacket, we'll go see if we can find it
there then.&quot;

Nodding, PJ slipped his jacket on, &quot;OK sir.&quot;

As they walked out, Darious stopped by Nyssa's' desk,
&quot;We'll be out for a bit so hold my calls please.&quot;

She nodded, without looking up at him, &quot;Sure Mr.
Mooksoon.&quot;

When they got to the house they went into the study where
Darious started looking through the files on his desk. He motioned to the small
refrigerator, &quot;Go ahead and help yourself to a drink PJ.&quot;

Nodding, PJ grabbed a Coke out of it and stayed out of
Darious' way.

Leaning back in his chair, Darious ran his fingers through
his hair, &quot;Damn it! It has to be upstairs because it sure isn't
here!&quot; He pulled himself out of his chair and headed for the study door.
&quot;Come on PJ, I left it in the bedroom and will probably need your help to
find it.&quot; He then headed up to the third floor, muttering to himself.

PJ followed him quietly, Darious when frustrated could
become quite nasty and he didn't want to aggravate him further. As he followed
he looked around at the huge old anti-bellum mansion Darious called home, it
was magnificent and spotless. &quot;This is a magnificent place sir. Wow!&quot;

&quot;Thanks PJ.&quot; Darious said distractedly. When he
opened the door to his bedroom on the third floor he was almost blown back by
the noise. The stereo was cranked to a level that could almost make your ears
bleed. Nine Inch Nails was blaring, talking about how he wanted to fuck her
like an animal. The room looked as if a clothes bomb had gone off. They were everywhere.
There was just a small path for you to walk through. Darious turned the stereo
down a bit and growled, &quot;Well, looks like Danyealle is awake.&quot;

Looking around at the clothes that had to be at least a
foot deep on the floor, PJ chuckled a little bit. He picked up a thong that was
hanging on the doorknob and grinned, &quot;Damn, what went through here? A
tornado?&quot;

Darious looked around and sighed, &quot;Its name is
Hurricane Danyealle.&quot; He scanned the mess and sighed deeply, running his
fingers through his hair. &quot;Where do I even start to look?&quot;

At this point the bathroom door flew open and Dani came
out, bumping and grinding to the music, drying her hair with a towel. She was
just dressed in a thong and one of Darious' dress shirts that was only buttoned
up about half way with plenty of her ample cleavage showing. She saw PJ and
stopped cold, letting out a small eap of surprise then saw Darious standing
there as well.

Darious smiled at her, &quot;Hello Dani darling.&quot;

PJ's eyes crawled up her long, thin, tanned legs, over her
pelvis, his eyes lighting on her exposed chest. He licked his lips and grinned
from ear to ear, &quot;Well hello!&quot;

Darious chuckled deeply and clapped PJ on the shoulder,
&quot;Down boy! Don't even think about it!&quot; Then he looked at Dani and
smiled, &quot;Where are my files at in this... um... creatively decorated
room?&quot;

She resumed drying her hair and pointed to a pile of
lingerie at the far end of the dresser, &quot;They're under my panties and
things.&quot;

Dumping the silken undies on the floor, he grabbed the
files and leafed through them before nodding and pulling out the one he needed,
&quot;There it is! Finally!&quot; Then he looked around the room before looking
back at her, smiling, &quot;When is the maid due in to clean?&quot;

She continued toweling her hair off, grinning, &quot;This
afternoon sometime.&quot;

He grinned and winked at her, &quot;Good. So I won't be
tripping all over things and I can get into the shower without being mugged by
your undies tonight.&quot;

Giggling, she winked back at him, &quot;They'll all be off
the shower curtain rod by the time you get home form work Mookie.&quot;

Walking over to her, he hugged her tightly then kissed her
on the forehead, &quot;PJ and I are going to grab lunch before we go back to
the office, are you hungry?&quot;

She looked up at him, wiggling her eyebrows and grinning
from ear to ear, &quot;Oh yeah!&quot;

He chuckled deeply and grinned at her, getting the meaning,
&quot;OK, put your clothes on then.&quot; He leaned closer to her and
whispered, &quot;The other hunger I will take care of when I get home.&quot;

She giggled a bit then gave him a peck on the cheek, OK
honey.&quot; Then she went to the closet to get some normal clothes.

Darious turned to PJ, whose eyes were glued to Dani.
Grinning, he clapped him on the shoulder again, &quot;Go on down to the
kitchen, I'm sure you can find it. We'll join you in a minute.&quot;

PJ tore his eyes off Dani then nodded, sweating a bit,
&quot;Yes sir.&quot; Then left the room

Darious stepped up behind Dani, wrapping his arm around her
waist and letting his hands wander into the shirt to cup her breasts then
kissed her on the neck before moving one hand out of her shirt to swat her on
the ass.

She looked up at him, purring loudly and grinning.

He held her close to him, stroking the bare skin between
her breasts, &quot;You really need to start wearing more clothes toy; you never
know when I might be bringing someone home.&quot;

She giggled and tickled under his chin, &quot;And YOU need
to call and warn me when company is coming. Just five minutes ago I was
completely neekie. Would you have liked him to see that?&quot;

Chuckling deeply, he said, &quot;OK toy, you have a point
there. I definitely don't want him to see you that way; I need him alive and
coherent to work this afternoon. &quot; Tweaking her nipple roughly, he kissed
her again, &quot;Hurry up and get dressed. I promise you I will feed your other
hunger when I get home from work tonight.&quot;

She pressed back against him, grinding her ass on his cock,
she giggled, &quot;OK honey. I'll hurry.&quot;

Chapter 7

&#65279; 

She had her feet propped up on the edge of the coffee
table, cotton balls stuck between each toe and was carefully painting each toenail
when the phone rant. She answered it with her free hand, still painting her
nails. &quot;I ain't here so leave a message after the bleep. Bleep!&quot;

Darious chuckled deeply, &quot;Hello Dani.&quot;

She giggled loudly, &quot;Hi Darious.&quot; She capped the
nail polish and started to fan her toes, trying to get them to dry faster.

&quot;Are you busy with anything right now?&quot;

Giggling a bit more she said, &quot;Oh yeah, real busy. I'm
hosting high tea for the Dali Lama. Then I'll be flying to Rio for a Carnival parade. I
will make sure I'm back to see you when you get home.&quot;

He chuckled again, grinning from ear to ear, &quot;I was
wondering if you could tear yourself away from all the excitement and do me a
huge favor. I left my briefcase in the study. Could you please bring it to the
office for me?&quot;

She grinned big, &quot;Oh, I think I can take time out of
my busy schedule and do that. But if I do, what's in it for me? I mean, after
all, I am re-arranging my busy schedule to accommodate you and this errand. I
think it is worthy of something for my trouble, don't you?&quot;

He laughed, &quot;How about I take you to lunch when I
finish the meeting? Is that enough for you?&quot;

She giggled evilly, &quot;Lunch is good. But I think this
errand is worth a bit more to you than a meer lunch. Will you take me to the
mall after work? I think a little shopping is in order after upsetting all my
plans for the afternoon.&quot;

Groaning softly, the smile still on his face, he said,
&quot;How much is this going to cast me? And why do you want to go?&quot;

&quot;Does a woman need an excuse to want to shop? But I
want to go to Victoria's' Secret and pick up some new things. But it won't cost you a
thing; I'll pay for it all. I'll let you pick it out, how does that
sound?&quot;

Grinning bigger, he replied, &quot;OK, that sounds quite
interesting.&quot;

Again, she giggled evilly, &quot;I'll be there shortly.
I've got to kick my boy toy out, get cleaned up and dressed and all that
stuff.&quot;

&quot;Thanks Dani, you're a lifesaver.&quot; He then hung
up and leaned back in his chair, looking around at his assistants, advisors and
vice presidents. &quot;My girlfriend will be here shortly with my briefcase.
The file we need is in it.&quot; Then he continued on with the meeting.

A half an hour later, she pulled up in the front of the
office tower in her customized corvette. She got out and looked up at the huge
Triple D logo on the room. She had been by the building several times but never
had been inside before. Retrieving his briefcase from behind the seat, she
locked the car up then walked inside. She found the elevator he had told her
about before and punched in the access code for the top floor he had her
memorize. She got off and followed the hallway to his office where she was
promptly stopped by his secretary.

The older woman's eyes flickered over Danis' old t-shirt,
tight, beat up jeans and scuffed up combat boots, a disapproving look on her
face. &quot;Are you lost dear?&quot;

Cocking her head to the side, Dani looked at her, smiling.
&quot;Nope, I'm in the right place. I came to see Darious.&quot;

The older woman looked down her nose at what she perceived
as another collage kid with a mad crush on her womanizing boss. &quot;Do you
have an appointment young lady?&quot;

Grinning at what she was sure the woman was thinking Dani
shook her head. &quot;No, he called and asked me to come&quot;

Sighing dramatically, the woman asked, &quot;What is your
name dear? MAYBE he'll have time to see you or maybe not, he is a busy man and
doesn't have a lot of time to see wayward kids.&quot; She had gone through this
before and was sure what his response to the young lady would be.

Giggling a bit, Dani grinned, her eyebrows arched at the
attitude coming her way. &quot;Just tell him Dani DesLoup is here. I am sure he
will see me since he is the one that asked me to come by.&quot;

Hitting the intercom button, keeping a close eye on the
girl, she said, &quot;Mr. Mooksoon, there is a YOUNG lady here named Dani
DesLoup. She SAYS you want to see her.&quot;

His voice echoed through the speaker, a tinny quality to
it, &quot;Ah, finally. Show her right in if you please Nyssa.&quot;

There was no masking the surprise on the older woman's face
but she replied crisply, &quot;Certainly Mr. Mooksoon.&quot; Then she stood up
and beckoned Dani to follow. Opening the door to his office she grudgingly
gestured Dani inside, a look of disapproval on her face.

Dani nodded to her then stepped inside. She walked over to
Darious' desk, ignoring the looks she was getting and murmured comments from
all the others in the room. Handing him his briefcase she planted herself on
his desk with her back to everyone else in the room. &quot;Where did you get
that watchdog out there? I thought she was going to bodily throw me out.&quot;

Grinning, Darious chuckled, not only at her comment but at
the comments being made about her from the others in the room. He knew it was
from the fact that most of the men WISHED they could get a young woman that
looked like Dani to pay attention to them. Thank you Dani. Nyssa's' been with
me since I started the company. She is just looking out for me is all.&quot;

Cocking her head to one side, she grinned at him,
&quot;Remember, you promised to take me to lunch.&quot;

Grinning, he said, &quot;Yes Dani, I remember, never fear.
Opening the briefcase, he flipped through the files in it then pulled out the
one he needed, handing it to his assistant Cassandra, who was hovering near his
shoulder, a look of abject disapproval on her face. &quot;Here Cassandra, the
contract is in there.&quot;

Dani looked at the woman blandly; not giving any
acknowledgement that she noticed the disapproval.

Darious leaned back in his chair and grinned at Dani,
&quot;By far you are the best looking thing on my desk Dani but I have work to
do and you're sitting on the proposal we are going over. So I need you off
it.&quot; He grabbed her and pulled her into his lap, wrapping one arm around
her thin waist, holding her close.

She giggled and curled up to his chest, ignoring all the
dirty looks being shot her direction.

Running his fingers through her hair, he smiled down at
her. &quot;We won't be much longer then we can go. Would you like something to
drink while you wait?&quot;

Smiling up at him, she said, &quot;A beer please, if it
isn't too much trouble.&quot;

Looking over at the hovering Cassandra, he said, &quot;Get
her a beer.&quot;

Nodding grudgingly, she got one out of his mini fridge and
handed it to Dani, giving her a dirty look. From the looks on some of the
others faces, it was obvious that a lot of them thought that she was not of
legal drinking age.

Dani took the beer from her and opened it, taking a sip,
&quot;Thanks. And I do have an ID that proves I am of legal drinking age if
anyone cares to look at it.&quot; Giving the woman a quirky smile, she giggled
a bit.

Shaking her head, Cassandra snorted her disapproval. She
had been with Darious long enough that she felt safe in showing her disapproval
when it came to the never ending parade of women that came and went in his life
with regularity.

Chuckling deeply, Darious looked at Cassandra and winked, a
large grin spreading across his face. Dani was far different than the other
women that had been with him. He knew her mouth and attitude and was sure she
would put everyone in their place if they irritated her enough. She was being nice
now, but she wasn't going to take much more of the attitude she was getting
from everyone.

Shaking her head, Cassandra sighed deeply, expecting that
this one wouldn't last any longer than any of the others had. Darious was a
lothario of the first order and went through women faster than anyone she had
ever seen. If this one thought she was special then she had another think
coming.

One handed, Darious arranged his papers on his desk and
looked around at everyone, &quot;The temporary diversion is over for now so
shall we get back to work?&quot; He then started going over the fine points of
the contract that Dani had brought with those seated around the table, pointing
out the pros and cons of it.

Dani curled up closer to him and laid her head on his
shoulder, quietly sipping her beer, letting her mind wander to other things
besides the boring business meeting.

After a few minutes, his assistant vice president cleared
his throat and said, eyeing Dani closely, Do you think it wise to be discussing
sensitive business matters with her in the room Darious?&quot; His eyes
flickered over her, distaste evident on his face.

Darious leaned back in his chair and stared, hard at him.
&quot;Since this is MY company I will talk business in front of whomever I feel
like. But to put your minds all at ease, I know and trust Dani enough that I am
most comfortable speaking freely in front of her about anything. Besides, who
would she tell that would be interested?&quot;

Giggling, Dani grinned up at him, &quot;Well, there is all
kinds of people I could tell but they wouldn't give a rats ass, even if they
understood what I was talking about. Besides,&quot; she said, looking at the
silver-haired gentleman that had spoken, &quot;if I really wanted to know and
asked him about it, Darious would tell me anyway.&quot;

Darious smirked at him, stroking Danis' back softly, but
said nothing.

There were several low murmurs of 'Darious and his women'
and 'flavor of the month' comments' followed by 'he will get bored of this one
just like he did all the others'. The words gold digger were mentioned several
times as well.

Brushing his hair over one ear with her long nails, Dani
looked up at him, grinning a bit, &quot;Am I your current flavor of the month
Darious? Are you going to get bored with me?&quot;

Grinning down at her, he stroked the back of her head,
&quot;You are far too bittersweet to be the flavor of the month. Your
unpredictability makes me getting bored with you out of the question. If you
were one of my typical women do you think I would have had you move in with
me?&quot;

Smiling up at him, she rubbed his stomach softly then
looked at the people in the room, eyes hardening. &quot;As for me being a gold
digger or just wanting his money, I have my OWN money and don't need his. I'm
certainly not as rich as Darious but I could definitely buy and sell this
office block a dozen times over! Money doesn't matter to me at all. That is NOT
why I am with him. He can tell you that for a fact.&quot; Her eyes scanned the
faces in the room to make sure they got the point before snuggling back up to
Darious' chest and resting her head on his shoulder, sipping her beer.

Laughing, Darious looked around the room, eyes twinkling,
&quot;Told you all didn't she? Now, if you are done discussing my personal
life, let's get back to work, shall we?&quot;

They went over the proposal and contract for another hour
or so with her cuddled up on his lap, quiet before Darious put the files up and
looked around. &quot;I think that is enough for today. Meeting adjourned.&quot;

Looking up at him, she asked, &quot;Can we go to lunch
now?&quot;

His eyes softened slightly as he looked down at her and ran
his fingers through the silken strands of her hair, &quot;Yes Dani. Where would
you like to go? It's your choice today.&quot;

Sitting up at stretching a bit, she shrugged, &quot;Oh
McDonalds is fine with me.&quot;

Rubbing her shoulder, he grinned, &quot;You are so easy to
please.&quot; He patted her butt, &quot;Get up so I can get ready to go
then.&quot;

She leaned against his desk while he put files back into
his briefcase. When he was finished he took her hand and smiled down at her
then looked at Cassandra. &quot;I'll be out for the rest of the day. Don't bug
me unless it's of vital importance, got me?&quot;

A look of extreme distaste was on her face but she nodded,
unable to stop herself from glaring at Dani.

Darious ignored it entirely and led Dani to the door.
Before he opened it he turned and looked back at everyone that was still in the
room. Several of them had been busy watching Danis' ass sway as she walked.
Giving them all a hard look, Darious said, in short clipped tones, &quot;Quit
drooling, I believe all of you have a great deal of work to do this after
noon.&quot;

Dani giggled and looked up at him. He smiled down at her
then put an arm around her waist. &quot;Let's go Dani.&quot;

As they were riding down in the elevator she stood in front
of him and wrapped her arms around his waist, grinning, &quot;I don't think
your assistant likes me much.&quot;

Brushing some of the hair off her forehead, he grinned down
at her, &quot;It appears so, doesn't it. I fear she sees you as a threat to her
plans.&quot;

Nuzzling her face into his chest, she pressed her body tightly
to his, rubbing his crotch through his suit pants. &quot;Oh really now? And
what plans are those, hmm?&quot;

Chuckling deeply, he pressed his crotch into her hand so
she could feel him start to harden, &quot;The plans of sleeping her way to the
top. They included me of course and now with you around they have been blown
entirely. Poor girl.&quot;

Dani gripped his cock and rubbed it then giggled,
&quot;Naughty boy. Were you bad and have been sleeping with your
assistant?&quot;

Laughing, he looked at her, &quot;Not a chance. I know social
climbing and conniving when I see it. You forget I am a master of it
myself.&quot; His cock had risen to full mast and was throbbing against her
hand.

Stroking it more, she looked up at him, eyes twinkling,
&quot;No I haven't forgotten, believe me.&quot;&quot;

He pulled her hand away from him stiffness and leaned down,
kissing her animalistic ally. &quot;I think we had better get that lunch to go.
We can eat it at home, in bed, I think.&quot; He said pointedly, leering
lustily at her.

She giggled madly and winked at him.

Chapter 8

&#65279; 

Dani was the talk of his office for the next couple days
after her visit. Darious ignored most of it, finding it funny that so many
people took an active interest in his personal life, but a few of the comments
disturbed him. Trailer trash and typical ratty teenager bothered him the most
when he had heard them repeated several times by different people. Even the
usually stoic Nyssa jokingly asked him if he couldn't afford to by her some
clothes from somewhere else besides Goodwill.

He liked Danis' free spirit and that showed in the manner
of her dress but it wasn't the greatest of reflections on him and his standing,
something that meant a great deal to him. She bought her own clothes and picked
out ones that were a reflection of her youthful appearances, hence her looking
like a college co-ed. He knew appearance meant little or nothing to her but his
image as a business man did concern him. She was a reflection of that. Perhaps,
he thought, a bit of a shift in her manner of dress when she came to the office
or ran errands for him would be appropriate.

After they were settled in for the night and in front of
the TV with her curled up in his lap he decided to broach the subject with her.
&quot;Toy, I want to talk to you about something for a moment if I could.&quot;

She rolled over on her back and looked up at him,
&quot;About what?&quot;

Running his fingers through her hair, he smiled down at
her, &quot;Well, it's about how you dress.&quot;

She looked up at him quizzically, &quot;What about
it?&quot;

&quot;Since your visit to the office I have hears several
unsavory comments about your manner of dress and I find it highly irritating.
So, I have decided from now on, when you visit the office or run errands for
me, you should dress in a more appropriate, business-like manner.&quot;

Rolling her eyes and shaking her head, she snorted,
&quot;IF they don't like the way I dress, fuck 'em, they don't need to look at
me.&quot;

He looked down at her, &quot;How you look and dress is a
reflection on me and my business. I expect it to be a good reflection.&quot;

&quot;Who cares? How I look and dress is part of who I
am.&quot;

&quot;Toy, it bugs me when you visit me at the office and I
have to hear these comments.&quot;

She turned back to the TV, &quot;Fine, if you're so worried
about it I won't come to the office anymore. That'll settle the whole fucking
thing.&quot;

He took her chin between two fingers and turned her head
back, smiling down at her, &quot;I like you visiting me at the office. It
improves a long and monotonous day for me.&quot;

She stared up at him, &quot;That's all well and good
Darious but I ain't playing dress up just to come and visit you.&quot;

He looked down into her eyes, &quot;You are still my toy
and I'll dress you up however it pleases me.&quot;

Rolling her eyes, she sighed, &quot;I don't have any of
those kinds of clothes.&quot; She was cringing at the thought of having to
expend all the time and effort to dress up in clothes that weren't very
comfortable just to run an errand or go to his office. Plus, there was the
added problem that she just didn't look right in them, she looked like someone
that was trying to put on airs and be someone that she wasn't.

He smiled down at her, &quot;I know you don't but that is
something that is easily solved, we'll go out shopping and get you some.&quot;

She growled softly, getting flashbacks to the European
courts and being forced to dress however whomever was her patron at the time
wanted her dressed. She quickly shoved the memories aside and set her jaw,
&quot;Hell no!&quot;

He looked down at her, both eyebrows arches. This was
really the first time since she had accepted her fate that she had told him no.
&quot;Hell no?&quot; His voice then hardened and he stared at her, &quot;You
are still my toy and you WILL wear whatever I chose to dress you up in or you
will go back to square one and we will start all over again.&quot;

She looked at him, eyes narrowing, and said, &quot;You
wouldn't dare!&quot;

He glared down at her and replied in a voice cold as ice,
&quot;Try me brat!&quot;

She growled at him, &quot;Do it Darious, I dare you.&quot;

He growled back, &quot;Fine brat. You are my property and
you do as I say. If not it will go back to the way it was. No privileges what
so ever.&quot;

Staring up at him she said, &quot;You wouldn't.&quot;

&quot;You know I will. The only thing you will have is
Claude, no clothes, no going out, no privileges; spend your days in the dungeon
just like before.&quot; He said, looking down at her, his voice as cold and
hard as steel.

She glared at him, &quot;I ain't a doll for you to play
dress up with Darious. I am a living being with a will of my own.&quot;

He glared down at her, eyes hard, &quot;You are my
property, my toy and you will do as I say or I will put you down in the dungeon
in chains!&quot;

&quot;I will fight you worse than before Darious. I
guarantee it.&quot; Her voice was as hard and cold as his was.

He stared down into her eyes, feeling his anger starting to
come to the surface, &quot;You are my toy...&quot;

&quot;So?&quot; she snarled, staring at him.

He glared at her, eyes flashing. He then looked away and
took several deep breaths, trying to calm himself. This wasn't worth getting
into a huge fight with her over. He thought for a minute then looked back down
at her, &quot;Rather than fight about all of this how about we compromise. We
get the clothes but you get to pick them out. How does that sound to you?&quot;

Looking at him warily, she said, &quot;I get to get
whatever I want?&quot;

Nodding, he replied, &quot;Yes, you get to pick them
out.&quot;

She looked harder at him, &quot;Do you promise?&quot; She
would get some skirts and dresses, yes, but had no intention of getting
anything that remotely resembled a business suit.

Nodding again, he said, &quot;You have my word toy.&quot;

She sighed deeply, &quot;Alright lets go shopping.&quot;

An hour later he was watching her try on clothes, arms
folded across his chest, shaking his head, glaring at her. Oh she was picking
out dresses and skirts alright, but ones that clung to her like a second skin,
nothing that was appropriate to wear to the office.

She looked at him innocently, &quot;What? They're dresses
and skirts, just like you told me to get, just in the styles I want and am more
comfortable in.&quot;

He stepped closer to her then spoke softly, &quot;These
clothes are not appropriate to wear to the office. They are more suited for
going out to a club. I will admit though that they do look fantastic on
you.&quot;

She looked down at the clothes she was holding then back up
at him, &quot;You SAID I could get what I wanted and these, &quot; she held up
the clothes, &quot;are what I want.&quot;

Sighing deeply, looking down at her he said, &quot;They are
not exactly what I had in mind toy.&quot;

&quot;They're dresses and skirts just like you said to get
Darious. And they're a lot dressier than anything else I have.&quot;

He ran his fingers down one of the red mini-dresses she was
holding. &quot;True, they are,&quot; He looked back into her eyes, &quot;Toy,
think of it this way, these things won't do to wear to the office. They are far
to distracting. And you have me distracted as it is. Wearing those would almost
ensure that no body would get any work done, including me.&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;You PROMISED I could get what I
wanted Darious.&quot;

He sighed again, &quot;Indeed I did give you my word
toy.&quot;

&quot;Fine.&quot; She held out the clothes to him,
&quot;These are what I want.&quot;

He looked down at her, &quot;Toy, these are inappropriate
for the work place. Can't you understand that?&quot;

Her stubborn streak started to surface and a muleish
expression came to her face. &quot;So? I'm not one of your employees
Darious!&quot;

&quot;How you dress when you come to the office is a direct
reflection on me and my company. Another thing, I don't want anyone thinking a
common, flighty, unrefined co-ed is helping me run things!&quot;

She glared up at him, &quot;These are what I want Darious.
You PROMISED!&quot;

He sighed deeply, &quot;They are wholly inappropriate and I
will not argue with you about it any more. You need to find something more
suitable for the office.&quot;

She hissed at him, frustrated, &quot;I don't care about
that! You SAID I could pick out the clothes. I ain't the business suit type. I
hate that shit and REFUSE to wear it!&quot;

He put his arm around her waist and pulled her close. He
was trying to remain calm even though he was starting to get angry at her
stubbornness. &quot;I can understand you are not the business suit type. That
is obvious to everyone. Let's try this, just down the way is another store that
sells casual clothes that are more appropriate for the office. Let's go take a
look there shall we?&quot;

She glared at him and set her jaw stubbornly,
&quot;No.&quot;

He looked down into her face, startled, &quot;No?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;No. You said, no, PROMISED I
could get what I want!&quot;

He leaned down and spoke softly into her ear, not wanting
to get into a huge argument with her in public, &quot;Indeed I did give you my
word and I plan on keeping it. Now, I want you to come to the other store with
me and you can pick out what you want THERE. Or we will drop the whole thing
and go home. You will then go back to square one and I will re-introduce you to
potty training.&quot;

She looked up at him, wide-eyed, &quot;Are you serious? You
wouldn't do that.&quot;

He stared deep into her eyes, &quot;I would brat, and you
know it!&quot;

She gave him a wide-eyed, innocent look then tried to bluff
her way out, &quot;I don't understand what you mean Darious.&quot;

He growled softly then whispered in her ear, &quot;Remember
the dungeon, chamber pot, collar, me cleaning you up afterwards. This time I'll
also introduce you to a red bag, a long hose, a nozzle and a few quarts of hot,
soapy water.&quot;

She stared at him, eyes big, not sure if he was serious or
not, &quot;You wouldn't dare.&quot; She whispered softly.

He pulled her closer to him and whispered heatedly, his
anger reflected in his voice, &quot;You are still my toy, my property and you
can bet your life I would and will if you keep it up brat!&quot;

She shuddered and looked down then handed him the clothes
she was holding, &quot;OK, let's go.&quot;

He took them, draping them over his arm then took her chin
between his thumb and forefinger, tilting her head up. He looked down into eyes
and smiled, &quot;Listen carefully toy, we'll go ahead and get you these. You
look great in them and I like the way they look. But they aren't appropriate
for the office or running errands for me. I'll let you pick them out as well,
just so they're appropriate.&quot;

She lowered her eyes and grunted, &quot;You should have
made that clear in the first place Darious.&quot;

He smiled and caressed her cheek softly, &quot;You have a
point, I should have been clearer about it. Despite that you are still in
trouble for saying no to me. You know better than that toy.&quot;

She just stood there, glaring at him.

He smiled down at her and took her hand, &quot;Come on
toy.&quot; He paid for the outfits she had picked out then led her to the other
store where she grudgingly picked out a few nice outfits but was not at all
happy about it.

When they got home she was out of the car and in the house before
he had the engine shut off. She stomped up to the bedroom and flopped onto the
bed then turned the TV on.

He gathered up the packages and walked into the house. He
walked calmly up to the bedroom and stood there for a minute watching her flip
through channels before setting everything down and hanging the clothes in the
closet. When he was finished he turned back to her and said calmly,
&quot;Alright toy, it's time for your punishment.&quot;

She didn't look at him, continuing to flip through the
channels. &quot;Fuck you Darious.&quot;

He strode over and shut the TV off then glared at her,
&quot;Say what brat?&quot;

She looked at him, glaring daggers, &quot;You heard me, I
didn't stutter.&quot;

He watched her, eyes narrowing, &quot;Don't take that tone
or attitude with me brat! You know better than that!&quot;

She ignored him and turned the TV back on then started
flipping through the channels again.

He growled at her then reached down and yanked the plug out
of the wall socket. Then he stood and stared at her, arms folded over his
chest.

She tossed the remote aside and glared up at him.

He glared back at her, &quot;Not only are you in trouble
for saying no to me but also for the comment you just made.&quot;

She just stared at him, eyes flashing dangerously, growling
softly.

He stepped closer to the bed, eyes hard, &quot;Don't growl
at me brat, you know better than that!&quot;

She looked away, silent, the muscle in her jaw ticking,
showing how angry she was.

He grabbed her chin and roughly turned her head to where
she was facing him then growled, &quot;You WILL look at me when I am talking to
you brat!&quot;

She looked at him, eyes flashing, growling softly.

He snarled, &quot;You are mine brat! My property, my toy. I
will do with you whatever I damn well please, barring you using your safe word.
If I want to dress you up in a three piece suit you will wear it without
argument or back talk. If I chose to dress you in a t-shirt, thong and socks
you will wear it. I will not have you damaging my image as a business man
because of your attitude!&quot;

She glared at him, &quot;Image means shit Darious!&quot;

He shook his head, &quot;Wrong. Image means getting a
contract or not.&quot;

She rolled her eyes, &quot;That's total bullshit. I know
better than that! Image means absolutely nothing anymore.&quot;

He stared at her, &quot;Do you care to explain that comment
brat?&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;No, I don't. You can figure it out for
yourself since you know so much about it.&quot; She said, sarcastically.

He ignored the sarcasm, &quot;The bottom line is you will
wear what I say for you to wear brat because I am not having my toy looking
like a cheap $2.00 whore! That is a reflection of me and my company and I will
not have it!&quot;

She visibly flinched and her eyes changed at the word whore
then she laughed. But it was a laughter that didn't reach her cat-like eyes,
&quot;That is the stupidest shit I've ever heard.&quot;

He growled at her again, &quot;Whether you think image
means anything or not, in reality it does. And I won't have a mere toy damaging
mine because she refuses to dress nicely.&quot;

She laughed harder and shook her head, &quot;That is the
biggest crock of bullshit I've ever heard! You can keep deluding yourself into
thinking that image is the end all, be all but in reality it is
worthless!&quot; She sat up on the end of the bed and looked up into his eyes,
&quot;I am just as rich as you are Darious and everybody knows it. People don't
give a flying fuck about my image, all they care about when they deal with me
is the numbers on the bottom line. People don't care about image any more, all
they care about is money and power, cut and dry, something I happen to have
plenty of.&quot;

He looked down at her, startled. He knew she was wealthy
but if what she said was true he was surprised she hadn't shown up on his radar
before. He cock his head to one said and looked at her, &quot;Huh?&quot;

She laughed mirthlessly, &quot;What's the matter Darious?
Don't believe me? Go look up my name on the Forbes website and see what it
says.&quot;

He glared at her, &quot;I will do just that.&quot; Then he
went down to his study and pulled up the stie. Indeed, she was listed in the
top 100 wealthiest people in the United States. As a matter of fact, she was listed right behind him in line with
only a few million separating them. He sat and stared at the screen for quite a
while, thinking, before going back up to the bedroom.

She was lying, stretched out on the bed, her head resting
on the pillows. Looking at him, she said, &quot;Well?&quot;

He leaned against the bedpost; arms folded over his chest
and looked at her, &quot;Alright then, you can think what you want to think
about image. But you will still dress appropriately when you come to MY office.
And you will still get punished for saying no and cussing me.&quot;

She rolled her eyes and shook her head, &quot;You are one
pig headed son of a bitch. Can't even admit when you're wrong.&quot;

He glared at her, &quot;You have proven your point brat.
But when it comes to MY business image you will abide by MY rules. You are
being punished for saying no and cussing me, not for proving your point.&quot;

She glared at him and growled her fangs descending. She
then said, in short, clipped tones, &quot;Fine. If I'm going to be punished I'm
going to make sure I deserve it.&quot; She grabbed the lamp off the bedside
table and threw it at him, snarling.

He ducked the projectile easily, growling loudly, &quot;Oh
you little shit! You're going to pay dearly for that!&quot;

She howled angrily and continued throwing whatever she
could get her hands on at him.

He ducked everything easily enough then snatched her off
the bed by her shirt. He grabbed her collar off the dresser. Pinning her
against the wall he put it around her neck then glared down at her, growling
loudly.

She snarled and bared her fangs at him then spit in his
face.

Glaring harder at her he said, &quot;You are going to pay
dearly for that brat!&quot; Grabbing her by the collar, he drug her, spitting,
snarling and fighting the whole way down to the dungeon. He ripped her clothes
off then chained her, spread eagle, to the wall. He glared at her, &quot;You
either cool off or I will get the hose and cool you off brat!&quot;

She pulled at the chains, snarling, and then glared at him,
&quot;What's the matter? Can't you handle the fact that I have as much power as
you and I don't give a rats ass about image, 'cause it don't matter!&quot;

He stood in front of her, arms folded over his chest,
glowering at her, &quot;You made your point brat, I concede that. The
punishment is for saying no and swearing at me.&quot; He took her face in his
hand and looked deep into her eyes. &quot;All the money and power you have
means exactly jack shit since you are my property.&quot;

She just stared at him, eyes unreadable, saying nothing.

His eyes bored into hers, &quot;All that rank, power and
wealth means jack because I own all of you. Got that brat?&quot;

She just looked at him, quiet, and then lowered her eyes.
Knowing deep inside what he said was true. She had willingly given herself to
him, wholly and completely.

He stared at her, quiet, for several minutes, trying to get
his own temper under control. Then he reached out and stroked her hair,
&quot;You? Look at me.&quot;

She raised her head and looked at him, saying nothing.

He could see a deep pain in her eyes but didn't know the
cause of it. When he spoke again, his voice was soft and the hard edge in his
eyes was gone. &quot;I'm not punishing you for making a valid point. I am big
enough to admit when someone shows me I am in error. Nor can I see going back
to square one with you. You're being punished for saying no and cussing me.
That is not worth going back to square one over. As for all the rest, it is
dropped. We will BOTH drop the fight, alright toy?&quot;

She lowered her head and nodded, &quot;Yes Milord.&quot;

He stroked the side of her face softly, &quot;Very good toy.
Are you ready to take your punishment?&quot;

Sighing deeply, she nodded, &quot;Yeah, I'm ready.&quot;

He released her from the shackles then put a finger under
her chin and tilted her head up, smiling. &quot;A couple more things before we
start. I'll be open and honest with you, you do look good on my arm. Yes,
indeed you do look good in those clothes you picked out. Yes, you are a good
reflection of me. The thing is this, I've noticed, no matter what you wear
looks good, very sexy. I don't appreciate my lady, my Danyealle being called
trailer trash or any names like that. You may not care but I do. When you spend
time at work with me I like it a great deal. Meetings are dull, you are always
exciting.&quot;

&quot;Thank you.&quot; She said softly, eyes not meeting
his.

&quot;Also,&quot; he said, chuckling, &quot;we need to have
a talk about controlling that temper of yours.&quot;

She giggled softly but didn't say anything and still
wouldn't look him in the eyes.

He ruffled her hair then walked over and retrieved a large
butt plug with a tail the same color as her hair. He lubed it up then turned
back to her, &quot;OK toy, bend over.&quot;

She obeyed quickly, looking over her shoulder at him.

He quickly inserted it deep into her ass. &quot;OK toy, you
can stand up now.

She quickly straightened up and faced him.

He nodded and smiled down at her, &quot;Very good toy. You
will wear that at all times for a week. The tail is removable so when you go
somewhere you may remove it but the plug remains. Also, in the house you will
just wear a t-shirt and your collar, nothing else. Understand me?&quot;

She nodded, eyes lowered, &quot;I understand Milord.&quot;

He hugged her tightly to him, &quot;That's my toy. Let's go
clean up the mess and go to bed, it's late and has been a long day.&quot;

She tossed and turned in bed for a good three house before
she got up, unable to sleep. Every time she moved Darious stirred and she
didn't want to wake him. Just because she couldn't sleep didn't mean he had to
be awake too. The whole bit earlier had triggered the insomnia attack. His
insistence that she dress in a certain way had re-awakened the memories of her
former life, something she had worked long and hard to try and forget. She
wasn't proud of the fact that she had been a whore and that is how she had
gotten all her money. She knew it was the only way she could have survived and
got what she needed but the memories of what she had to do and how she was
treated were still painful. As she sat on the edge of the bed with her head
lowered in her minds eyes she watched a succession of men from her past say
almost the exact same things Darious had said to her earlier and it hurt to be
reminded that she was nothing more to them than an object to satisfy their
sexual wants. She felt tears spring to her eyes at the painful remembrances.
She grabbed Claude and went downstairs to one of the spare bedrooms. IF she was
going to cry she wanted to make sure there wasn't a chance of Darious waking up
and seeing her. She snuggled up under the fluffy down comforter then cried
herself to sleep as the painful memories ran like a film through her head.

An hour or so later Darious rolled over and went to put his
arm around her. When he groped around and couldn't find her he opened his eyes
and looked at her side of the bed. It was empty. He sat up, brow furrowed,
concerned. He could see that she wasn't in the bathroom so he got out of bed to
go find her. He found her on the second floor in one of the spare rooms,
asleep. He knew she had problems sleeping earlier; he had felt her tossing and
turning and assumed she had come down here so as not to disturb him. When he
stepped into the room the first odd thing he noticed was that Claude was lying
on the pillow above her head instead of her holding him like she always did.
When he stepped closer to the bed to wake her he was hit with the feelings of
her overwhelming pain. He looked down at her, startled, eyes wide. Normally she
had a mental block in place so strong he couldn't penetrate it. But the
overwhelming pain told him it was down. When he looked down at her sleeping
face he could see tear streaks down her cheeks. He frowned and concentrated. He
could see her dreams and feel the pain they were abusing her. But he could tell
that they weren't just dreams, these were memories. Painful ones at that. He
could see a succession of men, some quite famous, that he knew others he
didn't, demeaning her, hurting her, time and again replaying the scene he had
with her earlier over the clothes, using different words and in different
languages but it was ll basically the same. He winced and looked down, ashamed
that he had caused her such immense pain. He wasn't at all sure how to comfort
her and to make the pain stop so he did what he normally did. He picked her up
and held her close.

Her eyes drooped open and she looked up at him.

He smiled down at her and held her close, &quot;I woke up
and you weren't' in bed so I came to find you. For some reason I can't sleep
without my toy in bed beside me.&quot; He reached down and plucked Claude off
the pillow then handed him to her. &quot;Here's your buddy, you can't forget
him. Let's go back to bed shall we?&quot; He cuddled her close for the rest of
the night, trying to comfort and ease her pain the best he could.

The next day he took her to the office with him, allowing
her to wear a nice pair of jeans and one of his dress shirts. She wasn't her
normal playful self; instead she was quiet and reserved. She spent the day
curled up in a chair by his, sleeping. He sent one of his female assistants out
to buy her some nice jeans, shirts, a few blazers and some nice shoes. Dani
wasn't even enthusiastic about the new clothes, looking at them, and then
curling back up to go to sleep.

That night at home he held her close as they watched TV,
stroking her back softly. &quot;Dani?&quot; He finally said, looking down at
her.

She lifted her head and looked up at him but said nothing.

He ran his fingers through her hair, &quot;What's wrong?
How come you had such a reaction to me wanting you to dress nicely? Why is it
upsetting you so much?&quot;

She sighed and looked away, &quot;You wouldn't
understand.&quot;

He put a finger under her chin and turned her face back,
&quot;Maybe I will, and maybe I won't. You won't know until you tell me.&quot;

She sighed deeply and looked down, &quot;Are you sure you
really want to know Darious?&quot;

He rubbed her back softly, &quot;Yes, I'm sure.&quot;

&quot;You aren't the only man that's wanted to lay dress up
Dani and has expected me to look a certain way. It's just a reminder of
something I wish to forget. Actually, I almost had, until yesterday that
is.&quot; She wasn't able to look at him while she talked.

He continued to stroke her back softly, &quot;Oh. I didn't
mean to make it seem like that.&quot;

&quot;Well, you did.&quot;

&quot;I apologize for that Dani.&quot; He held her closer
to him, &quot;Tell me about it if you would please. So I don't make the same
mistake again.&quot;

She sighed deeply again, &quot;It ain't hard to figure out
Darious. I imagine you already know.&quot;

Indeed, he already did but he wanted her to tell him so he
was sure rather than just making an assumption that may have been wrong.
&quot;Just tell me anyway if you would please.&quot;

&quot;I was a whore Darious. An expensive and exclusive one
but a whore none the less. That is how I made a lot of my money. Yesterday made
me feel like just an updated version of what I used to be.&quot;

&quot;Oh, I see,&quot; He said softly then turned her head
again so she was facing him, &quot;Look at me Dani.&quot;

She looked up at him, quiet.

&quot;Dani, you are NOT my whore. You are a toy NOT a
whore. You're here with me because you want to be not because I'm paying you. I
don't care what you used to be. I know how hard it was for women at that time,
you did what you had to to survive.&quot;

She looked at him but stayed quiet.

He kept rubbing her back softly and smiled down at her,
&quot;How about we strike a compromise about the clothes?&quot;

&quot;What kind of compromise?&quot; She asked, softly.

&quot;You can wear jeans, shirt and perhaps a blazer for a
normal visit, just so they're nice looking. For a meeting, dress up a bit. How
does that sound?&quot;

She shrugged and sighed, &quot;OK.&quot;

He stroked her head softly, &quot;Will that work
better?&quot;

&quot;Yeah, I like that better.&quot;

He held her close to him, &quot;You are NOT a whore, you're
my Dani, my toy. If anyone says differently I will ruin them financially and
physically. You did what you had to for survival.&quot; He looked down at her
and smiled, &quot;Now, that that's over give me some of you snuggles
please.&quot;

Chapter 9

&#65279; 

Sitting at his desk, he was busy going over contracts when
his secretary, Nyssa, buzzed him. &quot;Mr. Mooksoon, there is a delivery here
for you.&quot;

His brow furrowed, he wasn't expecting anything but said,
&quot;Bring it on in Nyssa.&quot;

She opened the door and carried in a huge bouquet of long
stemmed, red roses. She sat them on the edge of his desk in front of him and
grinned.

He looked at him, then at her and arched an eyebrow,
&quot;Why Nyssa, I didn't know you cared.&quot;

Chuckling, she shook her head, &quot;I don't care for you
that much.&quot;

Chuckling again, he grinned at her, &quot;I assumed as
much.&quot; He pulled the card out. It read, 'Darious, Happy Valentines Day,
hugs, Dani''. He smiled, &quot;It appears my girlfriend is the one that
cares.&quot;

Nyssa leaned forward and sniffed the flowers, &quot;They
are very nice. You're a lucky man.&quot;

Smiling, he said, &quot;That I am Nyssa, that I am. Now,
let's get back to work shall we?&quot;

She grinned and winked at him then went back to her desk.

He looked at the roses, smiling for a few minutes, thinking
he would have to do something very nice for her as well. Then he got back to
what he was doing.

A few hours later, just before lunch and as a meeting with
his assistants and advisors was breaking up, Nyssa buzzed again, &quot;Mr.
Mooksoon, Miss DesLoup is here to see you.&quot;

Darious grinned, &quot;Send her in, if you will please
Nyssa.&quot;

Dani walked in, in here usual jeans and t-shirt, looking a
bit disheveled. She walked over and sat on his desk in front of them then
looked at the roses, grinning, &quot;I see you got the flowers.&quot;

He leaned forward and kissed her softly, &quot;Thank you
Dani, they are beautiful.&quot; He looked closer at her; she was covered with a
thin layer of dust. He ran a finger down her jeans and looked at the dust on
his finger tip. &quot;What have you been doing to get so dusty? Rolling around
in the yard?&quot;

She giggled and stuck her tongue out at him, &quot;No. I
was in one of my storage units. It's a bit dusty in there.&quot;

He chuckled and shook his head, &quot;OK. What brings you
here then?&quot; He arched an eyebrow looking at her; as if to remind her she
was suppose to look nice when she came to the office.

She giggled and stuck her tongue out at him before grinning
from ear to ear, &quot;I brought you the rest of your present.&quot; She then
handed him a small jewelry box.

He took it and looked at her, eyebrow lifted, &quot;Thank
you very much Dani, but you didn't have to do this.&quot;

She grinned bigger and shifted around on his desk, &quot;I
know that silly, but I WANTED to. Now, c'mon, open it!&quot;

He arched an eyebrow again and looked at her, smiling, then
opened the box. Inside were two car keys. He looked at her, a bit puzzled.

She giggled wildly, &quot;The actual present is down in the
parking lot, I couldn't fit it in the elevator.&quot; She held her hand out to
him. &quot;Let's go look at it.&quot;

He took her hand and helped her off the desk then let her
lead him out to the parking lot. Several of his employees were outside having a
smoke break and followed at a distance, curious as to what was going on.

She stopped in front of a large car covered with a canvas
tarp. He looked at the car sitting next to it and did a double take when he saw
the NstyDani vanity plate in a sequential number to the one on her corvette. It
was a smokey black Lamborghini Diablo. He stared at it a bit, &quot;Ummm, Dani?
Is that yours?&quot;

She looked at it and giggled, &quot;Yeah, I've had it
stored and decided to park the 'vette for a while and drive this one. But
enough about that.&quot; She stepped forward and yanked the canvas off,
reveling a Rolls Royce Silver Ghost in mint condition. She looked up at him,
grinning, &quot;Do you like it?&quot;

He almost fell over when the canvas came off and revealed
the car. It was so rare that he had only seen them in books and on TV. He
stared at it with his mouth hanging open. He looked at the car then at her then
back at the car several times; the only thing he could get out of his mouth
was, &quot;Uh, uh, uh...&quot;

She giggled a little bit more and linked her arm through
his then looked up at him, &quot;So? Do you like it Darious?&quot;

He just stared at the car, mouth hanging open. He knew his
Bentley was worth a lot of money but this car was probably worth ten times as
much. He couldn't believe she had spent that kind of money on him. He looked
down at her, wide-eyed, mouth hanging open, &quot;Dani, where did you get it?
It's too expensive to give to me!&quot;

Her brow furrowed a little bit and she looked up at him,
concerned, &quot;Darious? Don't you like it? If you don't I can take you to my
storage unit and let you pick out a different car.&quot;

He shook his head vigorously, &quot;No Dani, it's a
beautiful care and I love it!&quot; His brow furrowed and he looked down at
her, &quot;You mean it's yours?&quot;

She giggled and looked up at him, &quot;Yeah, it's mine. Or
should say WAS mine because now it's yours. We just have to change the title
over.&quot;

He pulled her tightly to him and hugged her close then
kissed her passionately. &quot;Thank you Dani, it's the most wonderful thing
anyone has ever given me, ever.&quot;

She looked up at him and smiled, &quot;You're very welcome.
I'm glad you like it. Happy Valentines Day!&quot;

He ran his fingers through her hair and smiled, &quot;Happy
Valentines Day to you too. You never cease to amaze me toy. After I get off
work we will go and pick you out something equally as special.&quot;

She smiled up at him and shook her head, &quot;You don't
have to do that. I did this because I WANTED too. It isn't anything all that
special. I've had it in storage for a long time and it was just gathering dust.
It was something I thought you would like and appreciate in a way I never did.
So I decided to give it to you!&quot;

He stroked her hair softly, &quot;I do appreciate it, a
great deal!&quot; He put his arm around her shoulders and started to walk back
to the office. &quot;Did you ever even drive it?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;Nope, it's not my type of car. I
prefer sports cars.&quot;

As they rode up in the elevator he asked, &quot;Just how
many cars do you have?&quot;

She shrugged, &quot;I dunno. A lot. They're all stored
right now.&quot;

When they got back to his office he pulled her into his lap
and held her close, stroking up and down her back softly. &quot;Will you take
me there some time so I can see them?&quot;

She curled up to him, resting her head on his shoulder,
&quot;Sure, if you want.&quot;

Chapter 10

&#65279; 

She was laid all curled up to his chest, eyes shut, smiling
and purring. They had just finished a rather aerobic few hours of sex. He was
on his back, still in his demon form, arm draped casually around her shoulder,
trying to catch his breath.

She stretched a bit then propped herself up on an elbow and
looked down into his eyes, smiling.

He chuckled deeply and grinned back at her,
&quot;What?&quot;

She leaned forward and kissed him softly, &quot;I liked
it.&quot;

He ran his claws gently through her hair, &quot;I'm glad
toy. Let me shift back then we'll go soak in the tub and get cleaned up.&quot;

She let her eyes slowly drag up and down his body before
looking at his face again, &quot;No, not yet.&quot; Reaching out, she ran one
finger down one of his ram-like horns that grew a little above and forward of
his temples. She could feel the rough ridges and hard material under her finger
tip as she traced it from the tip around the curl and down to where they grew
out of his head. There were a matte black in color and appeared to be made of
the same tough substance as real horns. &quot;They protect your temples don't
they?&quot; She asked, looking back down into his eyes, &quot;Can you feel it
when I touch them?&quot;

He looked at her quizzically, &quot;Yes, they are to
protect my temples and no I can't feel you touching them. Just what are you
doing toy?&quot; He asked, bewildered.

She stared to run her fingers through his hair, &quot;Oh,
nothing, just touching.&quot; She said absently. His hair was still the same
color and length but it was now much coarser and wirey, like a horse's mane or
tail. She let her index finger trail down over his forehead then run softly
over his cheek. His face was covered with scales that were reddish in color.
They were so fine they were almost like a piece of warm silk. She looked into
his eyes and smiled. They weren't the usual icy-blue color they always were but
a blood red and glowing. She tickled under his chin, eliciting a grin from him
then reached up and touched one of his fangs. They were a faint shade of
yellow, like the color of old ivory and were at least two inches long, thick
and slightly curved backwards, like those of a snake or lizard. Unlike her
slender, very sharp fans that were meant to just bite and hold his were weapons
that were made to rip and tear flesh. She could see his lower incisors were
also elongated but not as long as his upper ones. &quot;My, my, my, what big
teeth you have Mookie!&quot; She giggled.

Chuckling deeply, he winked at her and replied, &quot;The
better to bite you with my dear. Just what are you doing anyway toy?&quot;

She grinned back at him, &quot;Nothing to worry
about.&quot; Then she reached out and softly touched the outer ridge of his
left ear and ran her finger softly up it. He had the tall, pointy ears of an
elf. She leaned forward and said softly, &quot;What big ears you have Mookie.&quot;

Chuckling again, he rubbed up and down her back softly,
&quot;All the better to hear you with Danyealle. Why do you think you can't
sneak up on me?&quot;

Giggling, she looked down at him, her own eyes twinkling,
&quot;OK, that explains it. Guess I'm going to have to do something different
from now on then. &quot;She let her fingers start to trail down his long neck.
About halfway down the scales changed from the soft fine ones to something
thicker and coarser, like the scales on the back of a crocodile or alligator.
His chest, arms and legs were covered with this thick, tough hide. She drug her
fingers softly down his chest, hearing them rasp softly against the scales.
&quot;Can you feel me touching you Darious?&quot;

Looking down at her quizzically, he said, &quot;Yes, but
not like normally. It's more of a muted sensation rather than a keen one.&quot;

She nodded absently and let her fingers trail down further
to his crotch and his two members and sets of testicles. She hadn't noticed
before but they were covered with scales as well, the fine ones like what were
on his face. Despite just having finished with sex they were both still rock
hard and throbbing, a deeper shade of red than the rest of his body. She traced
her finger lightly over both of them, feeling them twitch under her light touch
but she quickly moved on and traced a line over his hip to his 4 and a half
foot deep red tail. It was covered with the fine scales that his face and
crotch were. It was a thick as her wrist and appeared to be prehensile, like a
monkey's tail, able to grip and hold things. The top was deep red but the
underside was a lighter shade of read almost pinkish in color. On the end of it
was what they call a 'fork' but in all actuality, it looked more like a
triangular spade. She picked it up and held it, running her fingers along the
edges of it. It wasn't so sharp she would cut herself with it but she imagined
if swung with enough force he could easily cleave into something with it.
&quot;This can be a weapon if you want, can't it?&quot; She asked, looking up
at him.

By now he had figured out what she was doing, familiarizing
herself with his body and so he allowed himself to relax and let himself enjoy
her touch. Smiling, he said, &quot;Yes, if I want it to be it can be used as
such. Or I can change its form slightly and it can become an instrument of
pleasure. Like this...&quot; He shifted it slightly and it became a crude penis
shape that he poked her lightly in the stomach with.

She giggled and petting it lightly then sat up straight and
took one of his massive dragon-like wings gently in her hand and felt it. It
was also covered with scales and graduated shades of red, going from light to
dark. But the scales on it were different; they felt like coarse leather not
like the others on his body. &quot;Do these really work? I mean can you fly?&quot;

He moved himself up into a semi-sitting position and
unfurled them slightly, if fully outstretched they had 22 foot span. He didn't
want to knock anything over so he only partially unfurled them. &quot;Like all
the rest of me, they are fully functional and yes, I can fly with them. I am
just not the most graceful of beings when airborne.&quot;

She let her fingers trail softly over the leathery-like
wings, feeling them. &quot;You are gonna have to take me for a ride some time
Mookie.&quot;

Chuckling deeply, he curled them around her, encasing them
both in them, pushing her closer to his chest, &quot;Sometime I will toy. But I
don't fly much anymore because of radar and such. I don't want to be picked up
as a UFO by the airport.&quot; He put an arm around her and held her to his
chest, kissing the top of her head softly.

She nuzzled him softly with her head then grabbed one of
his large hands and looked at the claws that extended from the ends of each of
his finger tips. They had to be at least six inches long and curbed like a
lizards. They were razor sharp and unlike her own, hooked cat-like claws that
were used to cling and dig in, these were weapons that were meant to tear flesh
from bone and rip you to shreds.

She was the first humanoid being ever to sit and closely
examine him and touch him while he was in his normal demon form. Very few had
ever seen him like this and lived to tell the tail. As a matter of fact those
that had seen him like this were most anxious to get away. But not her, she
wasn't the least bit frightened by his lizard like form. She just seemed to be
curious about it, showing no fear what so ever. Her light touch on a body that
everyone wanted no part of was curious and arousing. His erections were not so
much a sign of arousal in this state, but more of his natural state, but now he
was genuinely turned on. Wanting and needing to have her again. He pulled her
closer to him, holding her to his chest, kissing the top of her head tenderly.
&quot;There is something in your examination that you missed my toy.&quot;

She curled up to him and let an arm drape over his rock
hard stomach, looking up into his face, &quot;Oh really? What's that?&quot;

Grinning wickedly, he let his eight inch, forked,
prehensile tongue loll out of his mouth and waved the tip of it at her before
retracting it and chuckling deeply, &quot;That.&quot;

Her eyes opened wider and her mouth dropped open before she
grinned hugely and wiggled her eyebrows at him. &quot;I like that!&quot;

Pushing her, gently, onto her back, he slide down her body
until he was between her legs, his face level with her crotch. &quot;You are
about to find out how much you like it!&quot; He said, chuckling wickedly.
Sticking out just the tip of it where the fork was, he rubbed it under her clit
lightly, letting the forked part rub against the sides of her clit. The
reaction from her was immediate, she gasped loudly and arched up onto his
tongue, her hands grabbing the sides of his head and her fingers entwining in
his hair. Wrapping his arms under her thighs he held her tightly so she
couldn't squirm around too much and let the fork rub up and down around her
clit, occasionally flicking over the clit its self.

It was a good thing he had a hold of her tightly because
she was squirming all over, panting and moaning loudly, pushing her crotch
tightly to his face and grinding it there slightly.

He let his tongue do its magic until she was screaming
loudly and her juices were flowing out of her pussy like a river. That is when
he slid it deep into her now flowered open cunt and let it feel around until he
found the nub that was her g-spot. Then he had it flick and rub over it until
she was screaming so loud the walls practically shook and her thighs had a
death grip on his head so much he was almost being smothered. He had
anticipated this though, and pushed her thighs back open with his elbows and
held them there. Raking the fork up and down over her g-spot until with an
almost inhuman squeal she came, flooding his face with a torrent of juices that
dripped down onto the sheets, leaving a puddle.

Grinning, he withdrew his tongue and got up on his knees
between her legs. Then in one solid thrust buried both his cocks deep into her
holes and ground them around.

Still dazed from the power of the orgasm she had she
whimpered and looked up at him through half lidded eyes, the color of which had
changed to the cat-like greenish golden. She reached up and wrapped her arms
the best she could around his broad back and held onto him, drawing her knees
up and spreading them as far as she could. &quot;Yes Darious!&quot; She moaned,
her eyes locked with his.

He stared down into her eyes, his fangs bared, growling
softly and started to jackhammer into her with such force that the bed was
hitting the wall with a loud banging.

She ground her sopping wet cunt onto is cock, trying to get
him in deeper if she could. Her heels were digging deeply into his back and her
thighs were in a death grip around him.

He snarled loudly and slammed into her one last time then
released his second load of the night into her cunt and bowels both,
manipulating her little nub of a clit with two fingers until she came also,
arching off the bed, screaming his name.

When she had calmed down and her breathing had come
some-what back to normal he picked her up, holding her tightly to his chest,
kissing her softly. Shifting back to human he carried her into the bathroom and
ran them both a nice warm bubble bath that they relaxed in until she started to
doze off, head resting on his shoulder.

Chapter 11

&#65279; 

Saturday morning he got up around 10:00 A.M., per usual. He
eased himself out of bed, being careful not to wake her and went down to his
study to do some work he had brought home with him.

Around noon she finally dragged herself out of bed and
wandered downstairs. She found him in his study, diligently pouring over
paperwork. She walked in and planted herself on his lap, curling up next to his
chest.

Tossing his pen on the desk, he wrapped an arm around her
waist and held her closely, kissing the top of her head and stroking her golden
blonde, silken locks softly. &quot;Good morning Toy, or afternoon, as the case
may be.&quot;

She giggled and looked up at him, &quot;Good morning,
Mookie.&quot;

&quot;What do you say you take me to your storage units
today and let me see what other neat treasures you have there, hmm?&quot; His
curiosity about just what else she could have stored there was aroused and he
thought today might be a good time to do that.

Looking up at him, giggling, eyes twinkling, she said,
&quot;Which one?&quot;

He arched an eyebrow, &quot;Just how may do you have,
Toy?&quot;

Giggling more she shrugged, &quot;Ten that I know where
they are for sure. I know I have more, but I would have to ask my accountant
for the addresses of them.&quot;

Looking down at her, one eyebrow arched, he asked,
&quot;Just how much stuff do you have, Toy?&quot;

Rolling her eyes, she grinned bigger, &quot;Tons of it. I'm
a bit of a packrat, I never throw anything out. When I get bored with it or
don't use it anymore I store it instead of selling it or throwing out.&quot;

Shaking his head, he looked at her, &quot;OK, let's do it
this way... today we'll go to the ones you remember, starting with the one where
the cars are stored. Then we'll get the addresses for the others and go to them
next weekend. Does that sound OK to you?&quot;

She gave a bored shrug, &quot;Fine with me.&quot;

He patted her on the ass softly, &quot;OK Toy, go get
dressed so we can get going.&quot;

Giggling, she quickly kissed him on the nose and dashed
upstairs to get dressed.

About 20 minutes from his house was the first one. It was
the biggest she could get. Inside were at least 20 cars and just as many
motorcycles. As he pulled the canvas covers off each one he was stunned into
silence. They were all very old and very rare, all in mint condition. The bikes
were all limited editions and didn't appear to have ever been ridden. Turning
to face her, a stunned look on his face, he asked, &quot;Are these ALL yours?&quot;

Shrugging, she said, &quot;Yeah, all mine.&quot;

He walked around, examining them closely, &quot;They are
magnificent!&quot;

She leaned nonchalantly against a wall and watched him,
&quot;If you want them, you can have 'em.&quot;

Stopping dead in his tracks, he turned and looked at her,
an astonished look on his face, &quot;Don't you want them? You're sure?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;No, that's why they're
here.&quot; She gestured around the unit at everything. &quot;That is why it's
all here.&quot;

Looking at her quizzically, he shrugged then walked over to
an armoire and opened one of the drawers. He pulled out a magnificent diamond
and ruby necklace that was obviously worth a small fortune. She walked over and
stood next to him, looking at it, &quot;Ahh, that was given to me by Louis
XIV.&quot; She turned it over in his hand and showed him the jeweler's mark and
date on the back of it.

He looked down at it, eyes wide, it looked brand new, and
not the hundreds of years old that it was. He put it back then looked through
the rest of it. It was full to overflowing with jewelry of all kinds. He then
started going through some of the boxes stacked hither thither all over. They
were crammed full of clothes, toys, and bric-a-brac. There were paintings by
old masters stacked in a corner, just covered with drop cloths. He looked at her,
stunned, &quot;Do you know what all this is worth?&quot;

Shrugging, she shook her head, &quot;Don't know and I
really don't care.&quot;

He looked down at her, mouth agape. From just the stuff he
had seen he knew it was worth a fortune. To him, earning money was a game and
he valued expensive things. He couldn't believe she didn't care about these
expensive things or know their value. Walking over, he stood in front of her,
looking down into her face, eyes wide with astonishment, &quot;Are you telling
me you don't want any of this stuff?&quot;

She pulled out the necklace he had looked at earlier and
handed it to him, &quot;Do you know why that was given to me?&quot;

He glanced down at it then looked back at her, &quot;No,
why?&quot;

She looked him dead in the eyes, &quot;It was payment for
services rendered. All this stuff, &quot;she said, her arms sweeping the room,
&quot;was my payment when I was a whore. Would you like it around to remind you
of what you had to do to earn it?&quot;

He tossed the necklace back in the drawer and put his arm
around her shoulders, &quot;No I wouldn't. Smiling down at her, he said,
&quot;OK Toy, let's go to the others and have a look about, shall we?&quot;
Holding her closely to him, he led her back to his car.

By the time they reached the last one he was in a state of
shock at all the valuables she had just laying around, gathering dust. But this
unit was different. First, as they walked in he noticed it was climate
controlled. Everything was organized and marked as to what it was. He noticed
she had almost 200 fur coats, a large number of them wolf skin. Most of them
were so old you could no longer get them, such as tiger or lion skin. He looked
carefully through each of the boxes. There were no jewels or expensive items
here, just boxes of what appeared to be worthless junk. Standing up straight,
he brushed the dust off his clothes and looked at her, &quot;Do you want any of
this stuff?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;All of it. This is where I keep the stuff
worth something to me.&quot;

He frowned, looking at her bewildered, &quot;But Toy, other
than the furs, it's all nothing but junk.&quot;

Shaking her head, she looked at him, &quot;To you it might
be junk but to me it means something. She grabbed a scalpel out of a box he had
opened put it in his hand, &quot;Do you know what this is?&quot;

Shrugging, he looked at her, &quot;An old surgeon's scalpel
is all, nothing special.&quot;

&quot;No, it isn't. This is what Jack the Ripper used on
all those whores in London. I took it from him after I killed him.&quot; She grabbed a nine
foot bullwhip that was monogrammed. It was old and had appeared to have gotten
a lot of use. &quot;That is the Marquis DeSades. The blood on it is mine.&quot;
She grabbed an ancient sword and pulled it out of its sheath. &quot;This was my
brother's and before him, my father's, before him, my grandfather's and so on.
I took it from him after I killed him when he decided to rape me before he took
me home.&quot;

She then pulled the cloth off a painting that stood up in
the corner. It was of her, but centuries old. &quot;Leonardo DeVinci painted
that.&quot; Looking up at him again, she said, &quot;to you this all may be
junk but to me it has a great deal of memories attached to the objects and is
priceless.&quot;

Stunned, he looked at her and nodded, not believing his
ears, &quot;OK Toy, I understand now.&quot; He put the scalpel back and walked
over to the coats. &quot;Why do you have so many wolf skins? Are they a better
fur or something?&quot;

She giggled and grinned from ear to ear, &quot;Each of
those coats have a name. They are made from the pelts of werewolves I
killed.&quot;

He turned back and looked at her, eye brows raised,
grinning, &quot;Oh really now?&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;Really. If I had to destroy one I kept
the pelt.&quot;

He walked back over to her and put an arm around her waist
then kissed her on top of the head, &quot;Let's go home, Toy.&quot;

He was mostly quiet on the drive back to the house,
thinking things over. But after a while he asked her, &quot;Are all those
things figured into your net value?&quot;

She yawned and shrugged, &quot;Haven't a clue, never
thought about it.&quot;

He looked over at her, &quot;Would you mind if I go through
your records and see if they are?&quot;

&quot;Knock yourself out, Darious.&quot; she said, grinning
a bit, knowing how shoddy of a records keeper she was.

When they got home he shut himself up in his study with the
boxes of her records and started trying to make sense of them. It proved to be
a monumental task, her records where just tossed into the boxes in no order
with other things not related. It took him the better part of two days to get
them organized and for him to realize he had to talk to her accountant to get
everything figured out and see the whole picture of what she did and didn't
have.

She signed the paper for him to talk to her accountant with
a yawn and he started on the task of trying to sort through her records and net
value.

It took him several months of late nights and weekends to
get it all sorted through and to make some kind of sense of things. He found
out she was worth about as much as him and that she owned a great deal of real
estate all over the country, most of which she didn't know she had nor had ever
seen. Nothing she had in storage was figured into her net worth.

After sitting down with her and her accountant, whom he was
so impressed with that he hired for his company, they got Dani to streamline
and organize her investments. She would sell off most of the properties she had
other than a couple of them and it was decided that she would sell off all the
things she had in storage except for the one unit and a few of the cars she
wanted to keep and a couple he wanted to keep. This was when he learned that
she actually owned a huge company called D2K, which ran a successful chain of
clubs all over the country. A company she founded and organized, but no longer
ran once she was bored with it.

Since she really didn't take an active interest in her
investments and wouldn't know what to put money in she turned everything over
to invest for her, an unmistakable show of confidence in him. He didn't OWN her
stuff but just now managed it for her. He had the one storage unit of things he
wanted to keep moved to his house and stored there. As a gift to her he took
all the wolf skin coats and had them turned into a blanket that they now slept
under each night. The picture of her hung in his study, where he could admire
it every day, rather than have it just shut up where no one could see it.

One night after it was all said and done, he came home to a
brightly-wrapped box sitting on his chair. He looked at her, eyebrow arched,
&quot;What is this, Toy?&quot;

She was sprawled out on the sofa, watching a TV show. She
looked up at him and grinned, &quot;A present for you is all, for all the work
you did.&quot;

Smiling at her, he reached out and stroked her head,
&quot;Well, thank you, Toy. But you needn't have done anything.&quot; He sat
down and unwrapped it carefully. Inside was a variety of old whips and the
like. He looked over at her, puzzled. &quot;Toy, as you well know, I have all
of these implements already.&quot;

She sat up and pulled one out of the box, looking at him,
winking, &quot;Not like these you don't.&quot; Turning it around so he could
see the monogram on the handle she said, &quot;They all belonged to the Marquis
DeSade himself. I thought that you might appreciate them for what they were
better than anyone else.&quot;

Grinning from ear to ear, he winked at her, &quot;You are
very right Toy. I do. What say I try them out on you after supper?&quot;

She giggled and purred loudly, &quot;Sounds good to
me.&quot;

Chapter 12

&#65279; 

She idly channel surfed, trying to find something to watch.
Sighing, she dropped the remote, there was nothing worth watching. She was
bored, Darious was out of town at a business meeting and she had been alone for
a little more than a week.

Flopping down on the sofa, she stared up at the ceiling.
Lying there like that for quite a while, she thought. Unlike human females, she
more than wanted sex, she needed it. If she went without for a while she
started to physically hurt. Darious had been gone long enough that she was now
hurting.

Curling up in a ball, she whimpered softly as pains started
to rack her body. Finally, the cramping subsided so she got up and headed to
her bedroom. Quickly, she started stripping. She knew if she waited any longer
the pain would get steadily worse and she had no idea when Darious would be
getting back. So, she would go to a bar, pick up a man and get laid.

Within an hour she was out in the thick of it, looking for
a man. Shortly after that she had let a man think he had picked her up and was
going home with him for the night. While they were walking to his car, he was
hanging all over her. He led her quickly to the area he was parked in, groping
and slobbering on her the whole way. He was so busy dragging her along that he didn't
notice that she had stopped and almost fell when she let go of him. Sitting on
his car, waiting for them, smoking was Darious.

Her date puffed up and started blustering to him, not
sensing his displeasure or seeing the red glow in his eyes. But she did and
took a step back. He flicked his cigarette away, stood up and walked towards
them. Stopping in from of them, he looked down into her eyes then said in a
hard, cold voice, &quot;Wandering already Dani?&quot;

She shifted from foot to foot, looking up at him, &quot;We
don't have a commitment Darious.&quot;

He chuckled mirthlessly, &quot;Wrong!&quot;

Her date saw his easy lay starting to slip away from him.
He was more than a little drunk so he didn't sense the warning signals Darious
was sending out. Putting himself between the two, he started blustering,
&quot;Hey! Don't harass the lady, she's with me tonight. If she wanted to be
with you she would have called.&quot;

Darious' eyes hardened and he locked them with the drunken
fool, &quot;The lady is mine, rightfully so. You have said as much, have you
not Daniella?&quot; His eyes shifted to her and locked.

She took a step backwards and lowered her eyes from his
gaze. &quot;In one context I did say that, yes.&quot;

His eyebrows shot up and his eyes bored into hers,
&quot;What?&quot;

She sighed, sensing that he was getting more upset with
each passing moment. &quot;We'll discuss this privately Darious. This is
neither the time nor the place for it.&quot;

Her date was getting more and more agitated, his sure thing
was slipping away. He grabbed her arm and tried to yank her to him. &quot;I
said leave her alone, she's with me tonight.&quot;

Looking at both of them, she frowned then yanked her arm
away, not at all happy about being pulled on by a man she didn't know and who
didn't really have any reason to be possessive about her. Taking a couple steps
back, she crossed her arms over her chest and glowered at both of them, letting
her displeasure be known.

Darious looked at her, locking eyes once again. Then
without dropping his gaze he addressed the man. &quot;The lady and I need to
have a private discussion.&quot; He then turned his gaze to the human.
&quot;She will contact you at a later date. So, if you don't mind, please leave
us.&quot;

The thought process in the human must have been swimming
upstream against all the booze in his system because the very clear warning in
Darious' manner, eyes and voice never registered in the proper brain cells and
he stepped forward, yanking him away from Dani. &quot;The bitch is mine! Now,
get the fuck out of here before I whoop your ass good and send you home, crying
for your mama.&quot;

She rolled her eyes and shook her head at what she
perceived as macho bullshit and posturing. Leaning against a nearby car, she
knew the mortal had just made the biggest mistake of his life and Darious was
going to make him pay for it.

Darious growled long and low then in a flash, showing his
inhuman strength, picked the mortal up by his throat one handed, lifting him up
until they were eye to eye. His eyes started to glow blood red and his razor
sharp fangs were clearly visible. He yanked him forward until they were nose to
nose and the mortal couldn't mistake what he was seeing. &quot;Foolish mortal
child! You know not what you deal with. I am your death. Touch what is mine or
me again and I'll rip your soul out and deliver it to Lucifer himself. He is
always looking for a new toy to amuse himself with.&quot; Then, he let the
mortal see into his soul to give him a glimpse of the tortured souls of hell
it's self and what he could truly do if angered any further.

Even the distance she was from them she heard the
unmistakable hiss of the mortal wetting his pants and smelled the distinct
aroma. Looking down at her feet, she giggled softly behind her hand.

Darious also heard and grinned from ear to ear, his white
fangs shining in the low light. He tossed the mortal away and glared at him. He
tossed the mortal away and glared at him, &quot;Run along home little boy, I
can hear your mama calling for you. Better make sure she changes your diaper.
From the look of your pants you need it. Now, be gone. A mortal man who wets
himself isn't worth my effort. Be thankful you've gotten off this lucky. But,
be warned, bother me again and you will pay for it with your soul.&quot;

The man picked himself up off the pavement and ran to his
car, not knowing if he wants more frightened or humiliated. Vowing never to
think about cheating on his wife again because no pussy was worth what he just
went through.

Darious stared after the retreating mortal for a few
minutes before turning to Dani, growling softly.

She looked at him nonchalantly, arms still folded across
her chest. His eyes glowed brighter; staring hard at her then seemed to get his
anger under control. Looking her dead in the eyes, he pointed to his car and
said, &quot;NOW!&quot;

She gave a bored shrug and yawn then said.&quot;
Whatever.&quot; and got into his car. Even she knew better than to push him
when he was this angry.

It was a short drive to his place but neither of them
spoke.

Before he had turned the engine off she was out the door
and in the house. She was waiting for him in the living room, arms folded
across her chest, a bored look on her face, yawning, &quot;Alright, let's get
this over with.&quot;

He was stiff and very controlled when he stood in front of
her, his spine stiff and straight. Looking down at her, his disappointment and
displeasure evident, he said, &quot;What you did tonight was in direct
disobedience of an order brat.&quot;

Looking at him, calmly, she seed, &quot;I need sex, cut and
dried. If I don't get it I start hurting. You weren't here to take care of it
so I went to get some relief.&quot;

He was slightly confused but didn't let on to her.
&quot;You were hungry? You fed the night before I left.&quot;

She shook her head vigorously, &quot;No, not hungry to
feed, I need sex more than I need to feed. It's our nature, we need sex, we
exist for it. If we don't get it causes intense pain.&quot;

He arched an eyebrow, &quot;How so?&quot;

She sighed, &quot;Physical pain Darious.&quot;

Looking her in the eyes, he said, &quot;That still doesn't
excuse your disobedience. Let me ask this, the pain is severe?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Very.&quot;

&quot;Like PMS or something?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;No, much worse. It's comparable
to what a vampire feels when they need to feed.&quot;

He was slightly taken aback; he knew vampires frenzy was
extremely painful. If she was feeling anything close tot hat she was in a lot
of pain. &quot;Why didn't you tell me? Didn't you trust me enough to tell me
about it? I didn't know anything like this.&quot;

Her body started being wracked by more cramps. Gritting her
teeth she glared at him. When she replied her tone was heavily laced with
sarcasm, &quot;Well, you know everything there is to know about us so I didn't
think I had to.&quot;

He stiffened up, eyes starting to glow. &quot;I never once
said that!&quot;

&quot;You implied it Darious so I assumed you knew.&quot;

&quot;If you had just waited I would have been home and
would have given you what you needed.&quot;

She growled long and low, eyes flashing. Crossing her arms
over her chest she said, &quot;I needed sex and I didn't get it from you!&quot;

&quot;That doesn't excuse it and you will be punished. I
know you, you can deal with pain. I own you and I didn't give you permission
for this!&quot;

&quot;You may own me but that gives you no right to neglect
me and my needs!&quot; She screamed at him.

He was slightly taken aback by her reaction but didn't
flinch. &quot;I have NOT neglected you! I was gone for little more than a week,
that's all.&quot;

&quot;You weren't here to give me what I needed, what do
you call that then?&quot;

&quot;If you had been a good toy while I was gone you would
be royally fucked by now. But you willfully disobeyed my direct orders so now
you have to deal with the consequences of your actions. You disobeyed me,
that's the bottom line and now you have to be punished for it. You will not get
the fucking you want, no sex from me, nothing. You will not go out
either.&quot; He stepped closer to her and looked down into her face. &quot;You
must have forgotten the wonderful orgasm I gave you before I left. You got that
reward because you BEHAVED. You behaved so you got what you wanted. Now you
have disobeyed so you'll do without.&quot;

She growled loudly, &quot;This is DIFFERENT and you know
it! There are limits to the pain one can take.&quot;

&quot;Pain is pain; this is all in your head.&quot;

&quot;It is NOT!&quot; she roared.

&quot;You need sex constantly? I was gone a week, that is
all. I thought you prided yourself on your self control. I guess it's weaker
than you thought hmm?&quot; He was still taken aback by her violent reaction to
the whole situation, not understanding it.

She took a few deep breaths to get herself back under
control. She tried using a calmer, neutral tone this time. &quot;Let me try to
explain this again, I live for sex. I don't just want it, like a human does; I
NEED it and would go to any lengths to get it.&quot;

He stared at her, &quot;For someone who prides herself on
her self control, it sure is lacking.&quot;

&quot;That's it!&quot; she roared, &quot;I'll handle it
myself.&quot; Stalking into the bedroom, she slammed and locked the door behind
her.

He stared after her for a couple minutes, scratching his
chin, trying to formulate the best way to handle the situation. Then he walked
over and tried the door. When he found it locked he took a step back and kicked
it in, growling.

She was sprawled out on the bed, naked, playing with
herself. She looked at him but said nothing.

He stared, hard, at her, chest heaving, eyes glowing bright
red. &quot;You DO NOT walk away from me brat! I did not give you permission to
leave my presence. Now, we are going to stay right here and talk this
out.&quot;

She cocked her head to one side and looked at him coolly,
&quot;I thought we had finished talking so I decided to take care of it
myself.&quot;

&quot;In other words, you are going to further your
disobedience. What you did was bad enough but you're in here making it worse.
Have your forgotten that you are not allowed to touch that hungry cunt of yours
without my specific permission?&quot;

She just stared at him. &quot;No, I haven't forgotten. I
figure it this way, I'm in trouble anyways so why not?&quot;

He growled, &quot;It makes a lot of difference brat.&quot;
Walking over to the bed he took her chin in his hand and looked down into her
eyes. &quot;It makes A LOT of difference. You are acting like a spoiled rotten,
pouty little child.&quot;

She glared at him then replied in a cool, collected voice,
&quot;I am behaving no differently than I always have Darious.&quot;

He arched an eyebrow, &quot;By throwing a temper tantrum
you are getting yourself in deeper and deeper trouble with me.&quot; He shook
his head, &quot;No, no, no toy, disobeying a clear and direct order is not the
way to go with me. We established the rules for this relationship the night you
moved in. You are just digging yourself a deeper hole. In case you haven't
figured it out by this stage of the conversation, I am VERY angry with
you.&quot; His eyes bored into hers, flashing.

She backed up against the headboard, leaning back, crossing
her arms over her chest then crossed her legs, staring at him, &quot;that much
is obvious Darious.&quot;

&quot;You are plenty pissy yourself toy.&quot; He leaned
against the wall and looked at her. &quot;OK, you say that needing sex is your
nature. Tell me about it, and hold the attitude while you do, it's getting us
no where.&quot;

She took a deep breath then started, &quot;We are sexual
beings. Sex is how we feed. But there is more to our sexual need than just
feeding. Out bodies crave and need the sexual act its self. There is something
released during and orgasm that our bodies need. If we don't get that at least
once a day it causes intense physical pain. So, if we don't get sex at least
once a day we masturbate. That aspect of our physiology never changes no matter
how old we get. So sex, for us, isn't just for pleasure, it is a necessity. The
longer we go without the more intense the pain is. The pain is our bodies' way
of telling us we have to release that chemical. A week for a human or just
about any other creature out there isn't a long time to go without and they
suffer no ill effects from it but we do.

&quot;You may not feel that me being without sex for a week
is a big deal but I can tell you, for me, it was sheer agony. It feels like a
form of torture from the inside out. With the pain you become short tempered,
grouchy and irritable and it gets worse with each passing day. I may be able to
handle all other kinds of pain but no she-devil can hand this. It will
literally drive you mad. External pain is one thing, this is another
entirely.&quot; She looked him straight in the eyes, &quot;Do you understand
now?&quot;

As he listened to her, he was stunned. Indeed, he did think
he knew most of what there was to know about her species. He had read
everything there was on the subject but no where was anything she just told
him, mentioned. Walking over to the bed, he sat next to her, eyes softening,
letting compassion show in them. He pulled her into a hug and stroked her hair
softly. He could feel her body twitch all over, her skin as hot as a stove top
and her muscles spasm. &quot;I am sorry toy; it does appear that I did neglect
your true need without realizing it. I was doing so and for that I do
apologize. But, part of the responsibility for this lies with you. You need to
inform me of your needs.&quot; He kissed the top of her head and stroked her
hair some more before reaching down between her legs and softly stroking her
clit with a finger. He was still angry with her, yes, but it had abated
slightly. That didn't mean, though, that he wasn't going to punish her for her
misbehavior.

She growled at him, &quot;What you are doing had better not
stop Darious. It will finish or, I swear, I will tear you apart.&quot;

He stiffened slightly, taken aback by her reaction. But,
his voice remained calm and even. &quot;It will finish toy, I assure you of
that. I have decided to allow you to masturbate to let you get the relief you
so obviously need.&quot;

She pulled away from him, eyes flashing and growling.

He stood up and looked down at her, arms folded across his
chest. His eyes hardened, &quot;Don't you growl at me toy! You know very well
that fucking is your reward for good behavior. You directly disobeyed me; you
went looking for another cock. That is wholly unacceptable behavior. I will
allow you to masturbate so you will be out of pain. That is the ONLY reason I
am allowing it. Be happy for that toy.&quot; He walked towards the door then
turned and looked at her, eyes hard and unyielding, &quot;I will be thinking of
your punishment while you are getting your release toy.&quot; He then walked
out.

She growled at the empty doorway, eyes flashing then lay
back, shut her eyes and masturbated herself quickly to the release she so
needed.

He poured himself a drink and settled into his chair. He
didn't stay in the bedroom and watch her because she would have enjoyed it and
he knew it. He had wanted to watch; he was turned on by it, but didn't want to
reward her bad behavior. He did feel slightly guilty about unknowingly causing
her such pain. He wouldn't make that mistake again and he would sit down with
her and have her explain to him anything else he needed to know about her
needs.

It only took her a matter of a minute or so to attain the
release her body so craved. It was so powerful that afterwards she curled up
and fell into a deep sleep almost immediately.

He gave her an hour then walked back into the bedroom.
Leaning on the doorway he watched her sleep for a few minutes, his eyes raking
up and down her naked flesh. Then he walked over to the bed and gave her a hard
swat on her naked ass.

She awoke with a start and looked up at him, eyes blinking
rapidly. When she saw it was him, she whimpered softly, eyes starting to droop
once again.

He grabbed an extra blanked out of the nightstand and
tossed it to her then pointed to the foot of the bed. &quot;You will be
sleeping there until further notices, as part of your punishment.&quot;

She sat up, pulled the blanket to her chest and growled at
him, eyes flashing.

He stood firm, staring hard at her, &quot;Don't growl at me
toy! You know better than that! I was being generous in letting you have your
release by playing with your twat. Push me any further tonight and you will
chained to the foot of the bed and sleep on the floor.&quot;

She looked at him, eyes flashing, &quot;No.&quot;

He pointed to the foot of the bed, &quot;NOW! You are
trying my patience with your continued disobedience toy! You are only making
things worse on yourself. Now MOVE!&quot;

She grumbled and growled but moved to the foot of the bed,
dragging the blanket behind her. She turned her back to him, curled up under
the blanket and fell back to sleep.

He stood and watched her for a couple minutes before
stripping and sliding under the covers himself. He lay with his hands folded behind
his head, trying to think of a proper punishment for her before he rolled over
onto his side and drifted off to sleep.

The next morning she awoke long after he did. She threw a
t-shirt and a pair of panties on then walked out to the kitchen.

He was at the table, doing paperwork, having a cup of
coffee. He looked up at her as she walked over and sat down next to him.
&quot;Good morning toy.&quot;

&quot;Good morning Milord.&quot; She leaned over and kissed
him softly.

He gathered up his paperwork and set it aside then looked
over at her, &quot;Have you had anything to eat or drink in the last couple of
days?&quot;

She looked at him quizzically, &quot;I haven't had any food
since you left but I had a couple drinks last night.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;So, the last was eliminated this morning,
good. Stay right there until I get back toy.&quot; He then got up and left the
room.

She stayed put, watching him leave, a puzzled look on her
face.

He returned quickly, carrying some things. He dumped them
on the table in front of her then reached onto the spice rack and grabbed a
jar. Then sat on the table in front of her and grabbed a huge butt plug and a
jar of icy-hot. Her eyes widened as he coated it with a thick layer of the
white goop. Then he coated it with ginger.

She started shivering, eyes getting bigger by the second.
Her asshole started to clench at the thought of how it was going to burn.

He leveled his gave with hers, &quot;Stand up, bend over
and grab the chair toy.&quot;

She knew better than to argue with him at his point and
quickly complied, looking back over her shoulder at him, eyes wide.

He reached out and flipped the tail of her shirt up then
yanked her panties down then off. He stroked up and down her ass crack with one
finger, ignoring her shivers and wiggling around. He then parted her cheeks
with two fingers and stroked across her tightly clenched asshole. Then he
touched the tip of the plug to her asshole and smeared some of the goop onto
it.

The reaction from her was instantaneous when the cream
touched her sensitive flesh. Tears sprang to her eyes and she bit her bottom
lip to keep from screaming. She started shaking uncontrollably as the burning
sensation overtook her ass.

He ignored her reaction then with a hard, quick shove he
pushed the plug deep into her ass then twisted it around before he sat back and
looked at her. As she felt it enter her and the heat from the mixture touched
her inner walls she let out a scream. Her hands gripped the chair so tightly
her knuckles turned white. Her legs were shaking so badly that they barely held
her upright. Taking deep gulps of air, she tried to keep from screaming again.
The heat seemed to have set her entire anal passage on fire. She started to
involuntarily push against it, to get it out of her.

He sat on the table and watched her. Within second of its
insertion her whole body shook violently and sweat started to pour off of her.
He remained indifferent to her obvious discomfort. When she started straining,
trying to push it out, he reached forward and pushed it back in, holding it
there. &quot;No toy!&quot; he told her in a deep, firm voice.

She looked back at him, biting her bottom lip, eyes wide
and watering, whimpering and shaking all over.

&quot;Stand up, turn around and face me.&quot; He ordered
gruffly.

She complied quickly, standing before him, her ass
clenching and unclenching uncontrollably, her eyes pleading with him.

He looked her in the eyes for a minute, arms folded. Then
he spoke, &quot;You WILL keep it in there.&quot; Shifting around a little bit,
a smile playing at the corners of his mouth. &quot;Uncomfortable isn't it? I
meant for it to be. Something to get your full and undivided attention. I told
you last night that you were going to be punished for what you did. That plug
is to stay in you all day, I will re-lube it four times a day and that is the
only time it will be removed. Not only that, all you will be allowed to wear is
your socks and t-shirt, no panties. Periodically I'll be checking to make sure
it is still in place.&quot;

She grumbled and growled at him, staring holes into him.

His eyes hardened and he told her in a cool voice,
&quot;Keep that up and I'll gag you as well.&quot;

She muttered under her breath and gave him a dirty look but
kept her mouth shut.

He chuckled and grinned at her, &quot;That's better toy.
Now, I told you last night that your continued willful disobedience would result
in a harsher punishment, so in addition to the plug you will wear your collar
and leash all day.&quot; He stood up and hooked her punishment collar around
her neck. It was a three-inch leather, studded dog collar that he could easily
grab a hold of it need be. He then hooked the leash to it and yanked her closer
to him. &quot;In addition to this you will be spending the day cleaning house.
In addition, you will not be allowed out of my sight since you have proven I
cannot trust you. In addition to that, there will be no TV, no radio. Since you
don't need human food or drink you won't be allowed those either. You will also
not be allowed to sit on the furniture. You will be sleeping at the foot of the
bed like a pet, not with me. The only so-called luxury you will be allowed is
to be allowed to masturbate since the release is something you physically
need.&quot; He chuckled at the look of pure fury she was giving him. Grabbing
her chin firmly he forced her to look into his eyes, &quot;Remember this toy,
the more pissy you get with me the more I will punish you. Do you understand me
toy?&quot;

She glared at him but replied, &quot;I understand
Milord.&quot;

He chuckled deeply, eyes twinkling, &quot;Very good toy.
Now, get to cleaning the kitchen while I do my paperwork.&quot;

When he turned his back to her she stuck her tongue out at
him and flipped him off. He turned around and looked at her, chuckling,
&quot;That little gesture earned you another few hours of punishment. Don't
forget, even when I'm not looking I know what you're doing. Also, remember I'm
letting you masturbate. Keep it up and you won't be allowed to do that.&quot;

She growled and said, &quot;Asshole.&quot;

He walked back over to her and looked down into her eyes,
&quot;And then some brat. Remember that. &quot;Then he walked out of the room.

She grumbled and growled under her breath but said nothing
aloud. Then she got to work cleaning. He didn't touch her all day either than
while she was on her hands and knees scrubbing the kitchen floor. He made her
hold her position then fucked her quickly for his own release, making sure she
didn't attain orgasm. When he stood up he looked down at her, &quot;If you mess
up the floor by cumming on it you'll scrub it all over again.&quot; He then
turned and left.

She stared after him; fangs bared, but said nothing. Then
she went back to scrubbing the floor. That night when he was sitting in his
chair, she tried to curl up in his lap as she normally did. He shoved her onto
the floor and said, &quot;No! You haven't earned the right to sit there. The
floor is fine for you toy.&quot; She grumbled under her breath but obeyed. She
wasn't allowed to look at him and for a while he used her for a footstool,
making her anger rise to a whole new level but she said nothing and merely
cursed him out under her breath.

This went of for a week. While he was away from the house,
she was taken to the dungeon, given a blanket and chained to the wall by the
collar the way she was when they first were together. He re-lubed the plug four
times a day like he said he would. She had to sleep at the foot of the bed.
Usually, he would fuck her once a day for his own release not for her pleasure,
a quickie so she didn't have time to cum.

The beginning of the following week she had enough of it.
That night she knelt in front of his chair, looking up at him, giving him the
big puppy dog eyes, &quot;Milord, I am sorry for my disobedience and will
behave.&quot;

He looked down at her, eyes devoid of emotion,
&quot;Bullshit toy.&quot;

She sighed and looked at him again, &quot;I promise to
behave Milord.&quot;

He settled back into his chair, &quot;Promises are made to
be broken. How can I trust you now toy? You knowingly disobeyed my direct
commands and orders. You almost totally broke vows you freely gave unto me. You
had a phone number to reach me but chose to go out looking for another cock. I
haven't been out hunting for another toy even though I could easily do so. You
say you want to be mine but how can I trust that now? You're going to have to
prove it to me.&quot;

&quot;Milord, I will prove it to you if you give me the
chance to do so. I know better now, I truly do.&quot;

He arched an eyebrow and looked at her, &quot;Do you
now?&quot;

&quot;Yes Milord, I do.&quot;

He grabbed her hair and yanked her closer, looking deep
into her eyes. He was delving into her emotions. He found her to be truly
repentant, from what he could tell. &quot;I guess you are toy. The next time
you misbehave, it will be longer, more demeaning and I will find more for you
to do. Do you understand me toy?&quot;

She looked deep into his eyes, &quot;Yes Milord, I
understand.&quot;

He smiled down at her then softly caressed her cheek.

She leaned into his hand, purring happily, her eyes never
leaving his face.

He smiled again then settled back into his chair.
&quot;Alright toy, stand up, turn around, bend over and grab your ankles.&quot;
She quickly compiled, looking back at him. He grabbed the plug and twisted it
back and forth before yanking it out quickly. She stiffened up and gasped as
she felt it leave her body.

He swatted her, hard, on the ass, chuckling as he heard her
squeal. Then he pulled her down onto his lap and held her close, cuddling and
snuggling up to her. She purred happily and snuggled closer to him, wrapping
her arms around his neck, nuzzling his face softly with hers.

He reached down between her legs and started rubbing her
clit. She moaned softly and pressed closer to him. Continuing, he rubbed until
her juices were coating his hand then he pushed a finger deep into her pussy
and started to rub her g-spot while he rubbed her clit.

She was wiggling all over his lap, moaning loudly and
gripping the arms of the chair tightly.

He continued until she threw her head back and screamed
cumming all over his hand.

He held her tightly, stroking her hair until she stopped
trembling and caught her breath. Then he put his finger under her chin, tilted
her head back, and kissed her softly. Smiling down at her, he said softly,
&quot;That, toy, is what happens when you behave; that and so much more.&quot;

She smiled up at him, &quot;I understand Milord.&quot; She
said softly.

He chuckled, &quot;Good. Now, let's go to bed.&quot; He
picked her up, holding her close and walked into the bedroom. Laying her gently
on the bed, he quickly undressed and crawled in behind her. Curling up to her
he held her close until they both fell asleep.

Chapter 13

&#65279; 

He was relaxed on the hotel bed, going over a couple
proposals for the next day's meeting when the phone rang. He picked up the
receiver while still leafing through the proposal, &quot;Hello?&quot; He said,
distracted.

Giggling loudly, Dani said, &quot;Hello Mookie.&quot; in
her most sensual and husky voice.

Smiling, he put the files back in the briefcase and leaned
back against the headboard, stretching out his long legs, &quot;Well hello,
Toy. This is a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe this unexpected
pleasure?&quot;

Stretching out fully in their massive bed she giggled
again, &quot;I miss you, that's what you owe it to.&quot;

Shutting the briefcase, he put it on the floor, &quot;I
miss you too, Toy. But I've only been gone two days. You can't miss me that
much.&quot;

Rolling over onto her back, she started to run her hand up
and down her flat stomach, &quot;Yes I can. Know what?&quot;

He chuckled deeply, knowing her it was hard to guess what
she was going to say, &quot;OK Toy, what?&quot;

Giggling evilly, she said through a deep purr, &quot;I am
laying here in our bed all neekie.&quot;

He arched an eyebrow and grinned, &quot;Oh really now? And
you are telling me this why?&quot;

She let her fingers wander down between her legs and
started to softly stroke over the outside of her pussy, &quot;Because I'm horny
and want you.&quot;

He noticed her voice had gotten huskier and softer, the way
it always did when she was turned on. &quot;Oh? You are? But Toy, I'm in Tokyo and there
isn't anything I can do about it.&quot;

Breathing heavier, she started to rub her clot softly,
feeling her own wetness coat her fingers, &quot;Yes there is. Talk dirty to me,
please M'lord.&quot;

Reaching down he undid his own pants. Never had he thought
of this, but liked the idea. Chuckling deeply, he said, &quot;So my Toy wants
me to talk dirty to her so she can get off, does she?&quot;

She moaned loudly as her finger slowly started to build her
to an orgasm, &quot;Oh yes, please M'lord!&quot;

Shifting around a bit, he shoved his pants down then
started to rub his cock slowly. As he started to talk to her his voice grew
deeper and more commanding just like it did when they were together, &quot;If I
do this for you, will you do as I say, Toy?&quot;

Moaning loudly into the phone, she started to move her
finger faster, &quot;Yes M'lord, I will.&quot;

He groaned softly as his hand started to move faster on his
cock. &quot;Very good, Toy. I want you to spread your legs then reach down and
spread those fat pussy lips of yours apart. Do it now, Toy!&quot; He growled
into the receiver.

She moaned loudly as she followed his instructions, her
hand slick with her pussy juice, &quot;Yes, M'lord.&quot; She moaned into the
phone, panting heavily.

He closed his eyes, trying to picture in his mind what she
was doing, just what it looked like when she was with him, groaning softly at
the vision, his hand moving faster. &quot;Very good Toy, I am pleased. Now, rub
your clit just how you like it best.&quot;

Moving her finger up, she started to stroke around the nub
of her clit in a slow circle, just how she liked having it done, feeling it
start to throb slightly, whimpering, &quot;Yes, M'lord.&quot; She moaned into
his ear, eyes shut, trying to imagine him sitting there, watching her like he
did when he was home.

&quot;Very good, Toy,&quot; He growled into the phone,
seeing in his minds eyes just how she did it, licking his lips. &quot;Now,
close your eyes and listen to me.&quot;

Whimpering a bit louder she said, &quot;They are closed,
M'lord.&quot;

Groaning softly he could feel his cock twitch in his hand.
He hadn't expected this to be much of a turn on but it was. &quot;Very good,
Toy. You are such a naughty Toy. So horny all the time. Called me because she
misses my cock. Isn't that right, Toy? You want to feel my cock in your pussy,
don't you?&quot;

She groaned loudly, arching her hips off the bed as her
fingers worked faster on her clit. Her other hand clutched the phone so tightly
to her ear her fingers where starting to cramp. &quot;Oh yes M'lord, I do! I
can't seem to get enough of your big cock!&quot; She whimpered into the phone,
panting and moaning.

&quot;Tell me!&quot; He growled, his hand working faster on
his cock, the head of it wet and shiny with his pre-cum. &quot;Tell me how much
you want my cock, Toy! Tell me how much you miss it!&quot;

She whimpered louder, &quot;I miss your cock so much,
M'lord! I fall asleep thinking about it and the pleasure it gives me. I want it
so badly, M'lord! PLEASE!&quot; The more she talked the deeper and huskier her
voice got, a signal that she was getting very close to cumming.

He was panting as heavily as she was, and just as turned on
and as close to cumming. &quot;Don't you DARE cum yet, Toy! I haven't told you
you could yet!&quot; He thundered into the receiver. &quot;You will NOT cum
without my permission! You will only get that AFTER I cum. Do you understand me
Toy?&quot;

Whimpering and groaning loudly, she was wiggling all over
the bed, her fingers rubbing her clit so fast they were almost a blur. &quot;I
understand, M'lord.&quot; She moaned into the phone.

He clutched the phone tightly to his ear, groaning.
&quot;Umm, very good, Toy.&quot; He moaned, shaking all over, his cock wanting
release. &quot;Just hold onto it until I tell you it's time for release.

&quot;Now, I know what my Toy wants and needs. She wants me
to fuck her hard and deep just like I do when I'm home. Go fuck her just how
she loves it. Feeling my hard cock buried deep in that hot, wet pussy. You want
that, don't you Toy?&quot; He growled loudly, very close to cumming.

Howling loudly, she was trying to keep from cumming.
&quot;Yes, PLEASE M'lord, fuck me! Please!&quot; She screamed into the
receiver, wiggling and squirming all over the bed, eyes tightly shut, imagining
him on top of her fucking her just how she loved to get it.

Her begging to be fucked was all it took for him. In his
mind's eyes he could see what she looked like under him as he thrust deep into
that silken cunt of hers. He clutched the phone tighter, growled loudly then
started to shoot. Growling and snarling he yelled into the phone, &quot;Cum
now, Toy!&quot;

She arched off the bed, her fingers working madly on her
clit and screamed at the top of her lungs, cumming, juices dripping out of her
spread open pussy onto the sheet beneath her.

He lay back, panting, trying to catch his breath. Looking
down at his cum covered stomach, he chuckled, &quot;Well, that was a novelty,
Toy. But I must say, I enjoyed it quite a lot.&quot;

She giggled breathlessly, still panting heavily, &quot;Oh
yeah, so did I!&quot;

Loosening his iron grip on the phone receiver he shifted to
a more comfortable position, grabbing some tissue off the end table and wiping
up his stomach. &quot;Your Lord's stomach is a sticky mess right now.&quot; He
told her, chuckling.

She sighed contentedly then giggled, &quot;Well, our bed is
a bit wet as well.&quot;

He chuckled deeply again, &quot;I can only imagine, Toy.
I'm very pleased you called me to take care of this for you. I enjoyed it
immensely.&quot;

She sighed deeply, &quot;I miss you Mookie, and wish I was
there with you.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;I know Toy. Now, since you are nice and
relaxed, get some sleep. I have to get cleaned up and get some more work done,
alright?&quot;

She yawned hugely, &quot;OK. Night night Mookie.&quot;

&quot;Good night Toy.&quot; He said, smiling, then hung up
the phone.

Chapter 14

&#65279; 

Darious and his foreign affairs assistant were walking down
the hotel hallway to his room, still talking business. Darious slid his key
card into the lock and it disengaged, he opened the door and walked in, still
talking. After he laid his briefcase on the desk he turned around and stopped
cold when he looked at the bed.

Slaying under the blanket, all curled up, was Dani. She
smiled at him and sat up a little bit. The blanket slid off her shoulder a bit,
just enough to reveal that she was naked.

His assistant, Drago, sighed deeply and shook his head,
&quot;You and your dam women Darious! I'll call hotel security and have her
escorted out.&quot;

Dani cocked her head to one side and looked at Darious, a
smile playing at the corners of her mouth. &quot;Are you going to have me
thrown out Darious? After I flew all the way to Japan from North Carolina to
see you?&quot;

Darious held up his hand to stop Drago from picking up the
phone. He smiled at her then turned to Drago, &quot;I was remiss in not telling
you about Danyealle, I apologize. This is Danyealle DesLoup, she lives with me.
She is the exception to the rules. For her I am available anytime day or night,
no matter what I am doing or where I am at. Do you understand?&quot;

Drago nodded, bewildered. Many times before he had to have
women that thought they were Darious' girlfriends escorted out of various
hotels. As a matter of fact, it usually happened about once a trip. But never
had be been told one could stay. This was very strange. &quot;I understand
Darious, not a problem.&quot;

Nodding, Darious said, &quot;Very good. Now, is there
anything that MUST be gone over tonight or can it wait until tomorrow?&quot;

Drago quickly flipped through his papers and shook his
head, &quot;I don't see anything here that can't wait until the morning.&quot;

&quot;Alright then, we'll go over it then. Now, if you
will, I would like to spend some time alone with Dani since she came so far to
see me. I don't want to be disturbed unless it's a dire emergency. Is that
clear?&quot;

Drago nodded, &quot;OK Darious. He then left, shaking his
head, wondering what the hell that woman had that the others didn't.

Dani smiled up at him then scooted over to one side of the
bed and patted the free side, signaling for him to sit down.

He took his suit coat and tie off, draping them over the
desk chair then sat down next to her and hugged her to him, then kissed the top
of her head, &quot;So toy, why did you fly all the way here?&quot;

She snuggled up closer to him. &quot;I missed you and was
lonely without so I thought I would come and give you a surprise!&quot;

Stroking her hair softly, he said, &quot;I missed my toy
too. And I like surprises like this. Let me guess, there is also a certain itch
you want me to scratch as well, hmm?&quot;

Giggling, she shoved the blanket off, revealing her naked
flesh, then sat on his lap, facing him and wrapped her arms around his neck,
grinning. &quot;Always, you know that Mookie.&quot;

Grinning at her, he winked, &quot;I'll take care of it for
you toy. I always do, you know that.&quot;

Giggling, she grinned and winked at him, &quot;Mmm, goodie!
You know, if you would just let me come along as your traveling companion I
would be with you all the time.&quot;

His eyebrows arched and he looked down at her, &quot;Know
what toy? That's not a bad idea at all! How about I make you my executive
assistant. That way you can go with me everywhere and we won't have this
problem again.&quot;

She kissed him then grinned, &quot;And you don't even have
to pay me, I can take it out in trade.&quot; She reached down between his legs
and stroked his cock through his pants.

Chapter 15

&#65279; 

Darious picked up the phone on the third ring,
&quot;Hello?&quot;

&quot;May I speak with Dani please?&quot; A melodious,
husky, sexy female voice asked.

He grinned, the voice had definitely gotten his attention,
and it was quite sexy, &quot;Just a minute, I will get her.&quot; He walked
into the living room and handed Dani the phone, &quot;It's for you.&quot;

She smiled up at him and took the phone, &quot;Thanks
Mookie.&quot; She talked softly into it for a minute or so then got up and
walked into his study and shut the door behind her.

He settled himself in his chair and looked at the study
door, curious about what was going on. She never left the room when she talked
on the phone, not caring what he overheard.

About 20 minutes later she emerged and put the phone back
on the cradle before flopping onto his lap and snuggling up to him.

He wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her
head, &quot;So toy, what's up?&quot;

Purring happily, she looked up at him, &quot;Well honey, we
have some company coming for a couple days.&quot;

Arching an eyebrow, he looked down at her, &quot;Oh really?
Shouldn't you have asked me before you invite someone over toy?&quot;

Shaking her head, she sighed, &quot;Normally I would but
this is business, something I have to do. Not a social visit.&quot;

Putting a finger under her chin, he tilted her face up so
he could look into her eyes, &quot;Oh? What kind of business is this?&quot;

Smiling up at him, she said, &quot;This man needs my
protection is all. It's part of my job Darious.&quot;

Stroking her cheek softly, he said, &quot;Oh OK. Just who
is this guy and whom are you protecting him from?&quot; He was less than
thrilled at the thought of another man being in the house around her. He knew
that was something that could cause all manner of problems.

Laying her head on his shoulder, she started running her
finger tips up and down his chest, &quot;His name is Arkady, I'm protecting him
for Jade, his old owner.&quot;

He thought for a minute, trying to place the name Arkady,
he had heard it before, until it hit him, &quot;This is the man that gave you
Claude right?&quot;

Nodding, she said, &quot;Yup, that's him.&quot;

Stroking his chin thoughtfully, then said, &quot;Hmm, let me
guess, it was this Jade who tore you up in the first place?&quot;

Chuckling, she grinned up at him, &quot;Oh yeah, that's who
did it.&quot;

His brow furrowed slightly, still concerned about a man he
really didn't know being around her, &quot;So, just who is this Arkady guy,
besides being the person who gave you Claude?&quot;

Wrapping her arms around him, she smiled up into his face,
&quot;Well, I've known Arkady for about 500 years now. He started out in life
as a Viking, now he's a consultant for the she-devil council. He's one of my
closest and dearest friends.&quot;

When he heard the word Viking both his eyebrows shot up. He
was now more than concerned, he was down right worried. He had known Vikings in
his past and knew what they were like. There was no way he wanted one in his
house, around Dani! &quot;He's a Viking?&quot;

She giggled softly, her eyes dancing, &quot;WAS a Viking.
Not anymore.&quot;

He looked down at her, brow still furrowed, &quot;Don't you
mean still is?&quot;

Giggling louder, she looked up at him, eyes' twinkling,
&quot;No, WAS.&quot;

&quot;Well, what is he now then?&quot;

Suppressing more giggles, she said, &quot;Well, now he's a
werewolf. All this will be made clear and understood the first time you hear
him talk believe me.&quot;

Eyebrow still arched, he looked down at her, &quot;Uh huh,
well, I'll keep my reservations to myself until then.&quot;

&quot;Darious, I trust him with my life. He is a complete
and total gentleman, you'll see.&quot;

Nodding, he said, &quot;I understand that toy but I don't
know him so I am a bit wary.&quot;

Kissing him softly on the cheek, she then stroked his hair
softly and said, &quot;I can certainly understand that but please keep an open
mind. He'll be arriving sometime in the morning.&quot;

Stroking her hair softly, he replied, &quot;I will try toy.
How long will he be staying for? Or do you know?&quot;

&quot;About a week give or take a couple days.&quot;

Nodding, he said, &quot;Until this Jade cools her
jets?&quot;

&quot;Yeah, that's about right.&quot;

Sighing deeply, he rubbed up and down her back, &quot;I
guess I can handle it but he better behave himself or him and I will go
rounds.&quot; He looked down at her and grinned, &quot;So, tell me, who was the
sexy voice on the phone? That was nice!&quot;

She laughed, &quot;Oh that was Zsuzanna.&quot;

&quot;Oh OK. Just who is she?&quot;

&quot;She's on the she-devil council.&quot;

&quot;Do you two talk a lot?&quot;

&quot;Yeah, she and I have been friends for a long
time.&quot;

He was trying to get more information out of her about this
woman and the council but from the short answers it became obvious she didn't
want to talk much about it, so he let it drop. &quot;OK, just calling to give
you a heads up then huh?&quot;

She curled up closer to him and lay her head on his
shoulder, &quot;Yeah, this is one of my jobs. I've always been Arkadys
protector since he was released from Jade.&quot;

Holding her closer, he nuzzled his face into her soft,
golden blonde hair, &quot;No one else fits the bill to do that, huh?&quot;

Smiling, she pressed closer to him, &quot;I can handle Jade
better than anyone else is all.&quot;

Kissing the top of her head, he said, &quot;OK toy.&quot;
He swatted her playfully on the ass, &quot;Well, lets go up and make sure one
of the guest rooms is ready for him then we can go and fool around a bit before
bed.&quot;

Giggling, she hopped off his lat, &quot;OK, let's go.&quot;

Chapter 16

&#65279; 

At about 4:30 A.M., Darious was awoken by the doorbell
ringing. Squinting at the clock on the bedside table, he growled, &quot;Who the
fuck could that be at this hour?&quot;

Dani woke up when he rolled over. When the doorbell rang
again, she hopped out of bed, &quot;That'll be Arkady!&quot; She said,
excitedly. She headed downstairs, still dressed in her night clothes, one of
his dress shirts and a thong.

He tried to stop her, &quot;Get dressed toy!&quot; He
yelled but it was too late, she was already headed down the stairs at tops
speed. He growled softly to himself, and then got out of bed. Quickly, he
pulled on a pair of sweats and his robe, and then headed after her.

When he got downstairs, he found her being held by a giant
of a man, she was in his arms, with her ass cradled in the crook of his arm. He
had to be at least 6'5&quot; and around 260 lbs. He had lots of thick dark
blonde hair down past his shoulders. His deep, sparkling blue eyes were smiling
as much as the grin on his mouth. Darious frowned a bit at the sight and arched
an eyebrow but he did notice that there didn't seem to be anything even
remotely sexual about the hug. It was more like the hug a big brother would
give his sister.

Arkady cuddled her close to his chest, happy to see her
after so long of a time. It pleased him to no end to see that she was obviously
well and happy. &quot;Lady Danyealle, it is fabulous to see you once more. You
look well, I must say! That is WONDERFUL!&quot;

Darious listed, grinning, not believing the frou-frou stuff
that was coming out of this big mans mouth. This was most definitely NOT what
he was expecting from a Viking.

Arkady looked over and saw Darious standing there. Stepping
over closer, he stuck out his huge hand, &quot;Sir, thank you for extending
your hospitality to me. It is extremely appreciated on my behalf. Anyway I may
be of assistance to you, just let me know and I will be more than willing and
happy to help out as repayment.&quot;

Darious shook his hand, noticing the immense power of his
grip. &quot;It is nice to finally have the honor of finally meeting you
Arkady.&quot;

Dani giggled and gave Arkady a peck on the cheek, &quot;As
you probably guessed Darious, this is ArkadySnuggleWolfie.&quot;

Arkady grinned at the name and held her closer, giving her
a peck on the forehead.

Darious shook his head looking at the two. Up to this point
he thought the nickname she had given him, Mookie, was bad but there was no way
he would tolerate something like Snugglewolfie. Yet, this big man seemed to
like the name. &quot;Well Arkady, it is indeed a pleasure. While here, make
yourself at home. Grab your stuff and I'll show you to your room.&quot;

Arkady sat her down on her feet then ruffled her hair
before grabbing his bags. &quot;Again, thank you for your hospitality Sir. But
there is no need to show me where to go. Just tell me which room I'll be
residing in and give me a bit of direction on how to find it. I was able to
navigate a long boat in my former life so finding a bedroom shant be a
problem.&quot;

Darious quickly told him where it was. Arkady nodded,
&quot;I will get out of your hair for a time then. It was a long trip and I
believe I will take a rest for some time. So, if you will excuse me, I will
make myself scarce.&quot; He then disappeared up the stairs.

When the sound of a door closing was heard Dani looked at
Darious, grinning from ear to ear, &quot;I told you!&quot;

He scratched his head and gave her a puzzled look,
&quot;That is a Viking?&quot;

Giggling more, her eyes sparkling, she said, &quot;WAS a
Viking, I told you that.&quot;

Looking up the stairs, Darious said, &quot;He is either
very gentile or flakey. I'm not sure which one.&quot;

She wrapped her arms around his middle and kissed him on
the shoulder, &quot;He's very gentile Darious. He exists in a society of women
where men have no power of any kind so he goes out of his way to try not to
offend anyone.&quot;

Shaking his head, he looked down at her, &quot;This is
going to take some getting used to after dealing with you and your extensive
four letter word vocabulary. What did they do, knock the bark off of him and
transfer it to you?&quot;

She giggled and stuck her tongue out at him, &quot;He'll
grow on you, it just takes some time is all.&quot;

Chuckling deeply, he said, &quot;It's going to take a lot
of getting used to if you ask me.&quot;

&quot;Be warned, he is always like that.&quot;

He arched an eyebrow and looked down at her, &quot;Always?
Even when he is angry?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Always, even when he's angry. Actually,
Arkady doesn't really get angry, the strongest he ever gets is miffed.&quot;

Running a hand through his hair, Darious shook his head,
&quot;OK, that is scary!&quot;

She giggled again, &quot;That is just Arkady is all.&quot;

He chuckled again, &quot;Well, this is going to take some
getting used to. Right about now I feel like I've been dripped in a time warp
and am going crazy.&quot;

Grinning, she poked him in the ribs playfully, &quot;We all
do but you'll eventually get used to it.&quot;

He picked her up and held her close, &quot;I hope so. Let's
go back to bed OK toy?&quot;

Chapter 17

&#65279; 

She sat on the edge of the bluff and looked down at the
lake in the valley. It was teaming with people on this hot and sultry Tennessee day. She
sighed and looked across the lush green valley.

The rest of her kind couldn't understand why someone like
her had chosen to live in such an isolated place, deep in the heart of the Smokey Mountains,
among the hill people. She had chosen it for its isolation, she wanted her
privacy. When she saw the lonely wind-swept bluff she knew it was what she
needed. The perfect place for her to shut herself away and think.

Three years ago, she had commissioned the house. For the
year it took to plan and build it had distracted her and kept her busy. But
once it was done and she had moved in, her grief and loneness returned full
force. Being alone in the big house made her miss Darious all the more.

For two years now, she hadn't fed. She was trying to clear
her mind, like a fasting. She wanted Darious back. That is the only thing that
was going to make her happy once again. So she shut herself away in the big
house, all by herself, to think. For two long years, she avoided contact with
other beings as much as she could.

It had been 75 long and lonely years since Darious had been
out of her life. First there was the fight with him, looking back now, she
realized it was over a trivial matter. She then stormed out to give herself time
to cool down, so she would be reasonable, then his raging, finally, before she
could find him and make amends, the Society of Templars attacked him and sent
him back to hell before she knew what happened. A 24 hour period in her life
she would never forget and would always regret.

The Society of Templars were illegal now in these more
tolerant times, like the Legion, beings that hunted down and killed she-devils
and other such groups that hunted non-humans. Her rage knew no bounds. She went
before the She-Devil governing council and got permission to hunt down and kill
the men who had taken him from her. She knew the only reason they gave her
their permission was they felt it would give her relationship with Darious the
closure she needed so she could move on and get over him. It didn't work.

She tracked them down one by one, slaughtering them each in
the most gruesome manner imaginable, then opened a gate to hell and kicked them
through, proving perhaps that the Templars should fear a pissed-off she-devil more
than a demon. Her rage was satiated, but her grief knew no bounds. She assumed
after a few months she would be over it, and resume her life. She was wrong. As
time went on, her loneness and the need for him grew. She felt as though her
heart and soul had been ripped out. She fed and hunted only when the need and
pain were so great she couldn't stand it anymore. The thrill of the hunt was
gone.

For 70 years she drifted all over the world. She came to
the realization that, despite not wanting to, she had fallen in love with him.
It wasn't just the sexual relationship she had thought it was. The most
cold-hearted of her kind had fallen in love, with a demon no less, and then had
lost him.

Five years ago she had returned to the house they had
shared in Charlotte. She spent an hour walking through it. Everything was just how it
was the night he had been taken from her. She had the contents removed and
stored. The walkthrough had made her realize that she wanted, no, needed him
back. And a horrible plan had started to form.

She flew to Europe and spent two years doing research. The Danyealla that came back
was so changed and different that it frightened even those who had been closest
to her over the centuries.

Since she had moved to TN at least once a week one of her
kindred visited. They outwardly tried to convince her to return to society and
resume her life. But she sensed their worry. They were worried she was going to
go to &quot;ground&quot; or commit suicide. She chuckled inwardly, she hadn't
even considered those options, what she was going to do was far worse. She
shooed them away as fast as she could, letting it be known she wanted to be
left alone.

Finally, the council held an emergency meeting on the
subject of her. They all knew her well; hell, she had created most of them.
They agreed something had to be done, no-one wanted to lose her. They agreed to
send Arkady to talk to her. They had a special bond and friendship so the
council felt he could get more out of her than they could. After his report,
they would decide their course of action. Arkady agreed to go speak with her.

The day he arrived at her isolated house, he found her
sitting on the edge of the bluff staring at the rising moon. He approached her
quietly but her keen senses alerted her to his presence. &quot;Sit down Arkady;
I knew you would be showing up. The council sent you, didn't they?&quot;

He sat down next to her. It was his first close look at her
in more than a year. She looked tired and there were lines on her face from not
feeding for such a long time, but her eyes are what scared him. They were
bright and alert, but more than that there was an excitement in them that
hadn't been there in years. He knew she had decided something, and that
frightened him. He proceeded as calmly as he could. &quot;Yes M'Lady, they most
certainly did. They are worried about you, afraid of what you are thinking
about doing, or are about to do. Frankly, I am as well.&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;Afraid of what? No-one knows my
thoughts and what I may or may not be thinking.&quot;

&quot;Very true M'Lady. We are just guessing. This is so
unlike you that we are afraid for you.&quot;

She looked at him and grinned, &quot;Tell me Arkady, what
am I thinking about doing?&quot;

He shook his head and looked down at the darkening valley.
&quot;I cannot say M'Lady. I'm afraid perhaps you're considering suicide or
something worse. The council and myself are afraid because we are your friends
and wish no harm to come to you.&quot;

She smiled, then patted his hand. &quot;Put your mind at
ease, I'm in no way, shape, or form considering suicide. Unlike most of my
kind, I knew what I was getting into when Wynter created me and won't take the
easy way out. Besides, I like being alive.&quot;

He nodded, some of the worry lines on his forehead
smoothing out. But he knew there was still something she was thinking about,
and his intuition told him it was equally dangerous. &quot;Then what is it you
are thinking about, Lady Danyealla, if I may be so bold to inquire?&quot;

She didn't answer him right away, just stared up at the
moon. She then looked down and sighed softly.

His brow furrowed, starting to worry, &quot;M'Lady?&quot;

&quot;I still miss Darious. Even after 75 years, my longing
for him has never abated. If anything, as each year passes, I miss him more.
When I went to our house five years ago, a plan started to form. What I have
decided is to bring him back. I can't live without him anymore and don't want
to. Each day my longing for him grows greater. Every day without him a small
part of me dies.&quot;

He stared at her, a look of total disbelief evident; he
didn't even try to hide it. He then frowned, &quot;That disreputable, arrogant,
self pleasing, mongrel of a demon????? That loathsome creature????&quot;

She laughed, &quot;That's him! I see you remember
him.&quot;

&quot;Of course I remember him! How could I not? How could
you want that, that, THING back? Look at yourself, Lady Danyealla; you could
have any male of any race you wanted. I know of no-one anywhere that could
resist you. As a matter of fact, I know of one who would do anything for you to
have him.&quot;

&quot;I know Arkady, but I don't want just anyone, I want
Darious. You see, I came to the realization a few years ago that I love
him.&quot;

He growled deeply then said in a cold, hard voice not
bothering to soften the hatred and anger in it, &quot;Why would you, how could
you fall in love with that fiend? He tried to subjugate you and would have your
entire race if given the opportunity. Before him you were such a free spirit
but that is all gone now.&quot;

&quot;I don't know how or why I fell in love with him, all
I know is I did. As for the subjugation, whatever he did, he did because I let
him.&quot;

He shook his head, &quot;In all the years I've known you
M'Lady this is the most foolish concept I've ever heard come out of your
mouth.&quot; He stopped and took a deep breath, trying to get up the courage to
say what he had wanted to say to her for so long. &quot;Accept me instead,
M'Lady. I would care for you in a way he never could. I love you already beyond
your wildest imagination.&quot;

She arched an eyebrow and looked at him, &quot;You, Arkady?
I know no easy way to say this, so I will just spit it out. As wonderful as I
think you are, and as good of a friend as you are to me, you're just not my
type. I'm sorry.&quot; She reached over and stroked his hair softly.

He lowered his head, a dejected look on his face. Deep in
his heart he knew what she told him was true, it just hurt to hear her say it.
He put his emotions in check, then looked at her. He reached over and softly
ran a finger over some of the lines on her face.

&quot;M'Lady, you really need to feed. These lines tell me
it's been a long time since you have. How long has it been, if I may ask? And
why so long?&quot;

&quot;It's been over a year, probably closer to two. I quit
to clear my head and to allow myself to think more clearly.&quot;

&quot;Of all the foolishness I've heard in my time, that
takes the cake!&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;Arkady, you know I can go for six years
or more without any ill effects. But thank you for your concern, Daddy. You
should know by now that we old women don't need as much to eat as the young
whippersnappers do.&quot;

Despite trying to maintain a firm faade, he burst out
laughing, &quot;Ok, OK, point taken. But seriously, are your other, err, needs
being taken care of?&quot;

&quot;Humans are a quite inventive species. They have an
appliance for just about every need. But by far their greatest one is the
vibrator. It is more that adequate for that particular need.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;I've heard that said before.&quot; He
looked at her again, &quot;Do you really wish and want him back?&quot;

&quot;Yes, more than anything.&quot;

He sighed and shook his head, &quot;In your heart of
hearts, do you truly love him?&quot;

She locked eyes with him. &quot;I truly do. I never have
fallen in love, and you know that, so it's the real thing.&quot;

He shook his head, &quot;He was detrimental to you, M'Lady.
Everyone, and I do mean everyone, despised him, and was thankful when he was
gone. The council frowned upon the relationship from the start. But I fear if
you bring him back, it will be much worse.&quot;

She frowned, &quot;What are they going to do? Kill me?
Everyone knows there is no-one left above ground capable of doing it, so that
particular threat doesn't bother me.&quot;

&quot;They could excommunicate you, M'Lady.&quot;

Her eyes and voice both hardened. &quot;Let them.&quot;

He looked at her, &quot;Could you live with being
considered a rogue?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;They won't do it, and we both
know that.&quot;

&quot;They might M'Lady, if you push them far enough.
Bringing that being back might be enough to do it.&quot;

&quot;Jade has pushed them further than I ever dreamed of
doing, plus she's directly disobeyed council orders and flaunted their
authority at every turn, and they haven't put a hit on her yet. What I'm
planning on doing is no worse than what she's done for centuries.&quot;

&quot;Maybe, maybe not, M'Lady, it would depend upon your
point of view. Lady Danyealla, I beg of you, reconsider this foolishness and
forget him. The dislike of him before will be nothing compared to what is to
come.&quot;

&quot;No one wants, or tries, to understand the reason
behind my actions.&quot; She sighed. &quot;Darious made my happy, the only
being in my long life that has. You're a dear, sweet, wonderful friend Arkady,
but this part of my life doesn't concern you or the council, so I ask you
nicely to stay out of it.&quot;

His face hardened and he stood, &quot;So be it, Lady
Danyealla, I will take my leave of you. Goodbye.&quot;

She didn't look at him, just stared out over the valley.
When she spoke her voice hardened in a way he had never heard used towards him
before. &quot;If you leave now, you may never come back. Also, you will never
again be welcomed in my presence.&quot;

He stopped in his tracks and turned back to gauge her body
language, determining she was not using dramatics and meant every word of it.
He sat back down next to her. They sat in silence of at least five minutes
before he spoke, voice soft and apologetic, &quot;M'Lady, I am truly sorry, and
regret my outburst. My emotions got the better of me.&quot;

&quot;I understand Arkady.&quot;

&quot;You do realize I am compelled to report this to the
council, and they are going to be less than pleased about it. Please M'Lady, I
beg of you, use your common sense and don't do this.&quot;

&quot;Let me explain how I feel in a way you can better
understand. I'm tied, and feel about him the same way you are to Jade. Darious
is in my blood, the same way Jade is in yours.&quot;

He shuddered violently, not because what she said
frightened him but because she just explained it in a way he understood far too
well. &quot;Lady Danyealla, I now understand better than I wish to. I don't
wish to offend you, but I must tell you that I feel the same way about you.
Your blood flows in my veins as well.&quot;

She stroked his arm softly, &quot;I know Arkady, I've
always known. I have a tie to Darious that is just as strong as any blood tie.
I want and need him in that way. You and I cannot ever be. You just aren't my
type, I'm sorry.&quot;

He lowered his head and sighed, &quot;I understand,
somewhat. But you can't blame me for trying.&quot;

She smiled, &quot;I don't.&quot;

He looked at her, &quot;The council was hoping you and I
would get together.&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;I'm not surprised. I want you to
understand that you can't do for me what Darious can. I know you, there's no
way you could get that rough with me.&quot;

&quot;You're right; I could never hurt you, ever. No matter
how much you begged me to.&quot; He looked at her. &quot;But you are my
friend.&quot;

She smiled, &quot;And always will be, nothing will ever
change that.&quot;

He smiled back at her, &quot;That is all I ask,
M'Lady.&quot;

&quot;I know asking you to be friends with him is too much
to ask, but what I will ask is for you to understand. Darious never abused me,
ever. The only time he hurt me is when I asked him to, begged him to.&quot;

He looked down, &quot;I understand, M'Lady, even though I
don't want to, I do. Do me a favor, if you intend to go through with this,
feed. You will need all your strength to succeed.&quot;

&quot;I'm no fool, I plan to, and a lot.&quot;

He turned to her and clapped both her hands in his,
&quot;Feed off me, please. You know a werewolf's blood is more
satisfying.&quot;

Her eyes softened as she looked at him but shook her head,
&quot;No Arkady, if I did, you would hurt more than you already do.&quot;

His eyes implored her, &quot;I have to have you, even if
it's only once.&quot;

&quot;Arkady, the only way I would is if I don't touch you
and I know that isn't what you want.&quot;

&quot;Why not touch me? Please M'Lady, that's what I
want!&quot;

&quot;Because if we do, it'll ruin our friendship.&quot;

He looked down and sighed, &quot;If you say so.&quot;

She reached over, tilted his head up with one finger, and
looked in his eyes, &quot;In your heart, you know I'm right.&quot;

He looked at her, eyes full of emotion, &quot;True, but
right or wrong it still hurts, badly.&quot;

She stroked the side of his face softly, &quot;I know it
does, but I would hurt worse if we did, especially knowing it would be the only
time.&quot;

He let out a ragged breath, &quot;Yes, M'Lady.&quot;

&quot;You would end up resenting me, Arkady.&quot;

He lowered his eyes again and sat quietly.

&quot;It would make your longing for me worse, because you
would get a taste of what you want, and then never get it again.&quot;

He looked her in the eyes again, &quot;I know, my brain
tells me you're right, but my heart tells me to take you any way I can get you,
and damn the consequences.&quot;

They sat quietly for several minutes while Arkady tried to
get a handle on his emotions. Finally, he spoke, &quot;Promise me one thing,
Lady Danyealla, that you know what you are doing and you'll be careful.&quot;

&quot;I know what I'm doing. I spent two years researching
the ritual and I'll be careful, I know if I'm not I could end up in hell
myself, and be another demon's play toy for all eternity. I don't want that. If
it will help, if Darious comes back this way, I have control of him, and can
send him back if I wish.&quot;

His relief was evident, &quot;I will inform the council of
your plans, emphasizing that you hold the strings.&quot; He rose, getting ready
to leave.

She stood up and hugged him, &quot;I'm sorry I hurt you,
Arkady.&quot;

He held her close, not wanting to ever let go,
&quot;M'Lady, I would rather be told up front than be led on.&quot;

She smiled up at him, then reached up and brushed a lock of
hair out of his face, &quot;Next time you long for me, remember this: my lovers
never last long. I get bored with them quickly then move on. But our friendship
has spanned centuries, and I have never gotten bored with you.&quot;

He gave her a brilliant smile, &quot;Because you, M'Lady,
are the ultimate hunter and predator, thrilled by the hunt rather than the
catch. And there is no one better at it; you have perfected it to a fine
art.&quot;

She walked him to his car and kissed him on the cheek before
he got in. Before he pulled out, he rolled down the window, &quot;When are you
going to do it, M'Lady?&quot;

&quot;The night of the full moon, five days from now. That
is when my powers will be the greatest and my chances of succeeding are
best.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;Luck be with you, M'Lady.&quot; He blew
her a kiss, then drove off.

She waved as he drove off, then watched until she could no
longer see his car. She then stared up at the moon, holding herself. She had
omitted a few things in her talk with him. Even with all her power and the
research she had done the chances of her failing and bringing up from hell more
than she could handle were so great that she was scared shitless. But her need
for him was so great that she was going to do it anyway, damn the consequences.

She stood staring at the moon for a long time before going
inside.

The next five days were busy indeed; she got all his things
out of storage and brought them to the house. She acquired everything she would
need for the ritual and prepared a room in the basement. She fed more than she
had in years, almost to the point of gluttony. But most of all she rested,
trying to conserve every ounce of her strength, knowing it was going to take
all she had.&quot;

The day of the ritual finally arrived and she busied
herself with last minute preparations. She was in the basement arranging
everything and doing a final inventory when a familiar scent hit her. She
looked up to see Zsuzanna standing there. She stood up, &quot;Come to talk me
out of it? Or just to threaten me? Maybe to try and stop me?&quot;

Zsuzanna stepped into the room, &quot;None of them, I've
known you long enough to know it wouldn't do any good. What I came for is to
help in the only way I can. Myself, Arkady, Raven, Mortichi and Aneeka will be
outside. You can draw power from us to aid you. Being as old as we are, it
should be a considerable amount. It should boost your chances of success.&quot;
She stepped closer to Danyealla and put her hands on her shoulders, &quot;You
have to know none of us are happy about this, we all were relieved when he was
gone. We thought you would get over him and move on but that didn't happen. You
are miserable, we can all see that.

When Arkady gave his report, we were stunned to say the
least, and angry. But as we discussed it we realized some things. First, you
were happy when you were with him, happier than we had seen you in centuries.
Then he was gone and you were miserable. We thought you'd get over it but you
didn't. Now this.&quot; Her arm swept the room. &quot;We hate the idea of you
bringing that creature back. The council discussion about this whole matter was
heated, to say the least. But we know you well enough to know you aren't doing
this to endanger our species, but to make yourself happy once again. So we
decided to let you go on with it without repercussions or our
interference.&quot;

Dani looked at her, &quot;Even if you had said no, it
wouldn't have made any difference. You realize that, don't you? This has
nothing to do with our species, but with my personal life. You all know I would
never do anything to endanger us. Darious was the only being ever to satisfy me
totally. And I fell in love with him. Never before have I fallen in love. Shit,
I'm probably the only one of us to never create a werewolf for myself.&quot;

&quot;I realize that, that's a lot of the reason we decided
not to interfere. We realistically know that you were going to do this with or
without permission, and there really wouldn't be anything we could do to stop
you. So we support you. We ask but two things, first, are you sure you know
what you're doing? And second, you will be in control of him right?&quot;

&quot;If I'm the one to bring him back I can send him back
whenever I want to. I spent two years researching this particular ritual on top
of what I already knew about it, so I am as sure as I can be about doing it.&quot;

Zsuzanna nodded, &quot;That's all I can ask of you.&quot;
She looked down at the floor and sighed loudly then looked back at Dani.
&quot;All who came tonight would be down here with you if we could, for moral
support, but we know for this to succeed you have to be alone. But we'll be
right outside. If you get into trouble, just yell and we'll be here as fast as
we can. Draw from us all you need, Dani, because we don't want to lose
you.&quot;

She smiled, &quot;I will, and thank you for being
understanding.&quot;

Zsuzanna walked over and hugged her tightly, &quot;For all
you've done for us and our kind, a little understanding and support is the
least we can do for you. Hell, for all intents and purposes, you are my mother,
and the mother to every woman standing outside. You gave us a gift so few get
and showed us how to use it properly. We are what we are because of you. So
we're now here for you like you've been there for us.&quot;

&quot;Thank you, I appreciate it. Now, out. I have things
to do.&quot; She said smiling.

Zsuzanna laughed then clapped her on the back. As she was
walking out, she turned and looked at her. She was afraid that she would never
see her friend and mentor again.

Dani didn't see her look back because she had once again
busied herself with preparations.

Zsuzanna walked back out and joined those waiting for her.
She stared up at the moon and sighed, &quot;She's doing her final preparations
as we speak. She should be starting in a half hour or so.&quot;

Those assembled sighed and looked at each other. Raven
spoke, &quot;Is it your feeling that she knows how to do it and bring it to
fruition successfully?&quot;

Zsuzanna shook her head. &quot;I really don't know. But I
know this, she is so powerful that if anyone can pull it off, she can.&quot;

Aneeka spoke up, &quot;Plus whatever extra power she may
need she can draw from us. We all know she is very capable of that.&quot;

Arkady sighed, &quot;Our support will count for something.
She knows we're here for her.&quot;

Mortichi leaned against a tree, &quot;This negative
attitude shit ain't a-gonna help.&quot;

Zsuzanna nodded, &quot;He's right, power of positive
thinking and all that. Let's go get comfy.&quot;

They all walked to the edge of the bluff to sit down.
Arkady stayed behind, stopping to turn and look at the house, a worried look on
his face. &quot;Please be alright M'Lady. I have lost so much in my long life and
I don't want to lose my best and trusted friend. I don't think I could go on
without you and I wouldn't want to try.&quot; He thought. He said a silent
prayer to the ancient Viking gods and joined the others.

Finally, everything was ready to go. She took a few steps
back and leaned against the wall. The enormity of the whole situation hit her,
and for the first time the actual danger of it hit her and she started shaking
all over. She sat down and held herself. It took a good five minutes before she
got herself under control. She closed her eyes and concentrated until a peace
and calm washed over her. Her confidence returned full force and she stood,
walking over to her place. She picked up the book and began the ritual.

Outside they were sitting on the edge of the bluff, talking
softly in the hot and sultry night air when a cold breeze and a thick fog
rolled in. The all shivered and looked at one another. Raven hugged herself
tightly and looked at the other. &quot;She has begun.&quot; She told them
softly.

The others felt a chill trace down their spines and all
conversations ceased.

The ritual went smoothly, just how she had planned it. But
when it ended, nothing happened. Just when she was beginning to think it had
failed, there was a deep rumbling so loud it shook the stone foundations. The
room filled with a thick, acrid smoke that smelled strongly of sulfur and
brimstone. Flames erupted from the pentagram on the floor and burned brightly.
The unearthly screams of damned souls filled the room, causing her to wince. Then
the sounds of heavy footsteps were heard approaching. A snarl of primal rage
and anger so loud it vibrated the walls was heard. A shape started to emerge in
the flames and bright red, glowing eyes became visible. It started speaking in
a language unknown to her, and then it roared. It started thrashing against the
barrier that held it with a red clawed hand covered with scales.

She took a few steps back and leaned against the wall,
concentrating at keeping the circle of protection in place, watching carefully.

Outside they felt the deep rumble and heard the screams and
howls. They looked at each other, faces pale. &quot;I'd be guessin' that she
done brought sumthin' up from hell.&quot; Mortichi said.

Zsuzanna sighed. &quot;It appears that way.&quot; The smell
of sulfur and brimstone washed over them. &quot;My only hope is whatever she
brought forth she can control.&quot;

The others nodded and moved closer together.

The flames burned down enough that the shadowy figure was
more viable. It growled deeply then it started to speak, its voice a low, deep
rumble. &quot;Who hath brought me back to this realm of mortal men? You have
forsaken yourself, for I shall rip the earth asunder and claim your soul for
myself to torture.&quot;

She stood stiffly watching him, her feet rooted to the
floor. The only sound coming from her was the sound of her hammering heart.

He growled again, &quot;Who doth disturb Lord Darious and
return him to this forsaken realm of men?&quot; He let out a roar of rage, the
room then filled with his primal emotion. &quot;Speak human! Who hath brought
me here?&quot;

She didn't answer, her mouth feeling as dry as dust and her
tongue seemed to be glued to the roof of her mouth.

He leaned his head back and sniffed the air then chuckled,
&quot;Ahh, 'tis a lustful female which brought forth the lord of lust. Speak toy!
Who are you?&quot; He glared at her. &quot;I shall do as I please with you.
Take you to hell and share you with other demons. The dukes of Hell always like
new toys. Speak woman!&quot; He roared, throwing himself at the barrier,
testing its strength.

Finally, he drew back, &quot;Speak! Who are you? If you do
not answer when I am free I will turn you inside out, turning pleasure into
pain. By the time I am done with you, you'll pray for eternal slumber and your
soul will beg for mercy. Now, speak!&quot;

She found her voice and stepped forward, &quot;I brought
you back Darious.&quot;

His eyes bored into her, &quot;And who art thou,
woman?&quot;

She lowered the hood of her robe; her blonde hair spilling
over her shoulders, then stepped closer to the barrier, letting him get a
better look at her. &quot;Your toy, Darious.&quot; She knew he was not yet the
Darious she remembered. She was prepared for the rage, anger, and confusion,
also for him not to remember her immediately. She knew it would take a while
for him to re-orient himself to this realm, then he would remember.

He growled and glared at her. His eyes bored into her soul,
searching it, trying to get a grip on her. Primal power was emitting from him.
He then started trying to search her memory but to no avail, causing him to
become more animalistic. She stood back and patiently waited.

In the next hour, it became a battle of wills between the
two of them while he continued to test the barrier, throwing himself against it
or attacking it. His full demonic form was highly visible, being his full nine
foot height and his wings were extended as far as the barrier would allow them.

When he realized he couldn't bend or break her will he went
into a berserk rage, howling, growling and snarling so loud the walls vibrated.

Outside, they all looked at the house, shivering. The
animalistic noises coming from the basement floated to them on the wind. Arkady
got up and started pacing back and forth, a worried look on his face. Raven
stood up and put a hand on his shoulder, &quot;Don't get worried. The noise is
coming from the fact the creature cannot get beyond the barrier she has in
place so it's in a rage. She is holding strong and it doesn't like it.&quot;

He stopped and looked at her, &quot;Are you sure?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Quite sure. If it was loose, there
wouldn't be any noise.&quot;

He visibly relaxed as did everyone else.

After a half hour of raging he stopped and gave her a dry
glare. He tried searching her memory again and got a little further than before
but not much. His memory was starting to return, so he did know her name now.
He crossed his arms across his chest, &quot;Why have you brought me back, Lady
Danyealla? Or should I call you Dani? Maybe she-devil, toy, slut, pet,
whore?&quot;

She ignored the insults, &quot;I missed you.&quot;

His eyes brightened, &quot;You missed me? A demon? One who
your kind fears and hates? You missed me?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;Yes, I did.&quot;

He cocked his head to one side and looked intently at her,
&quot;How can this be? When a she-devil sees a demon she turns pale, does an
about face and runs the other direction, her tail between her legs.&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;Because, I do miss you.&quot;

His eyes bored into hers, &quot;What makes you so
different?&quot;

&quot;Because I lived with you, Darious.&quot;

He growled loudly, &quot;I though you would have long
forgotten by now.&quot;

She smiled, &quot;No, I didn't forget.&quot;

&quot;Why, toy?&quot;

She shifted around a little, &quot;Because you gave me what
I wanted, what I longed for. You did for me what no one else could, over my
long life.&quot;

&quot;What I did was my nature.&quot;

She shrugged, &quot;That's fine with me, I liked it.&quot;

He sighed heavily, &quot;It appears that you have the upper
hand.&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;Maybe I do, in a certain context,
anyway.&quot;

&quot;And what context is that?&quot;

She stared directly into his eyes, &quot;I can send you
back, if I so chose.&quot;

He stared back at her, &quot;What is it you want from
me?&quot;

&quot;Just what we had is all.&quot;

&quot;And just what was that?&quot;

&quot;I want to be your toy again.&quot;

His eyes brightened again, &quot;Do you give yourself to me
freely? All of yourself? Including your soul?&quot;

She took a couple of deep breaths and started shaking but
she locked eyes with him, &quot;Yes, I do, freely, willingly, and
completely.&quot;

His wings fluttered slightly and he growled long and low,
asserting his power. &quot;Then you will lower the barrier and release me. You
will then come over and kneel before me.&quot;

She quickly lowered the barrier, then slowly walked over
and stood before him. She looked up into his eyes before kneeling before him.
This was putting her in the greatest danger and she knew it. She was aware that
his full memory hadn't yet returned.

Outside they felt the power in the air dissipate in a
second's time, and an eerie silence surround them. Zsuzanna looked at Raven,
&quot;What just happened?&quot;

Raven concentrated for a minute, frowning, &quot;She just
eliminated the barrier.&quot;

Aneeka shuddered, &quot;What exactly does that mean?&quot;

Raven sighed, &quot;It means one of three things. First,
she's sent it back and no longer needs it. Second, it overpowered her and broke
through. Or third, she has it under control and lowered it voluntarily.&quot;

Arkady shuddered, &quot;Can you tell which it is?&quot;

Raven shook her head and looked at them.

&quot;Shit.&quot; Zsuzanna muttered and everyone else
nodded.

He looked down at her for a full minute, quiet. He
stretched his wings to their full 18-foot span before finally saying,
&quot;Stand up and look at me.&quot;

She did, looking directly into his eyes, no fear evident.

His power was now palpable in the room, filling it. He
looked down deeply into her eyes. After a minute, his full memory returned and
he finally recognized her. His rage lessened considerably and his face
softened.

He looked deep into her eyes then spoke, &quot;Why did you
bring me back? Just to be my toy once again? There has to be a deeper reason
for this.&quot; He grabbed her chin roughly, looking down into her eyes.
&quot;What's your ulterior motive for this, toy?&quot;

She smiled, &quot;Because you did for me what no other
being before or since could do.&quot;

&quot;And just what is that? Tell me.&quot;

&quot;You gave me what I longed for.&quot;

&quot;And what was that?&quot;

She took a deep breath and looked him in the eye. &quot;You
are the only being that has been able to truly dominate me and satisfy my
needs.&quot;

He grinned, &quot;But there is something more to it than
that, isn't there toy? I want to hear you speak it out loud or I will rip it
from your mind and soul. There is nothing you can hide from me, toy, so out
with it. I would rather hear it from you voluntarily than to have to take it
from you.&quot;

She looked down at the floor and replied in a barely
audible voice. &quot;Because I love you.&quot;

He stared hard at her, then grasped her chin hard and
forced her to look up him. &quot;If you truly love me, you will denounce all
you have known, all you have been, and all you will be for me. To be my toy, my
slave.&quot;

She looked him directly in the eyes, &quot;I denounce it
all, freely and willingly.&quot;

&quot;So be it, you are mine, freely and willingly. You
know the ritual you performed has tied us forever. It is stronger than the
she-devil blood tie. You are now tied and belong to a demon for all
eternity.&quot;

&quot;I understand, and knew it when I performed the
ritual.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;So be it. You wanted eternity with me, a
demon, you've got it. You will be here on earth or in hell with me. Is that
what you wanted?&quot;

&quot;Yes, just so I am with you, I don't care where we
are.&quot;

He laughed and reached out to stroke her cheek softly,
&quot;My dear toy, your species are wonderful indeed, but you are the most
wondrous of them all.&quot; He pulled her close to him and hugged her tightly,
stroking her hair softly, &quot;You put yourself in mortal danger just to bring
me back.&quot;

She clung to him tightly, nuzzling her face into his chest.

He held her tighter, then leaned down and sunk his fangs
deep into her neck and drank her blood. With her blood came all of her, her
memories, experiences, emotions and thoughts, making her his, totally and
completely.

When he sank his fangs into her neck she orgasmed
immediately, throwing her head back and screamed at the top of her lungs,
clinging to him tightly, shaking all over.

It had been quiet outside for a while when her screams rent
the silence. Arkady was on his feet in a flash and headed towards the house.
Mortichi grabbed a hold of him and held tight. &quot;You cain't help her now.
Ye go in there now and ye'll be in as much trouble as she be in!&quot;

Arkady struggled against him, &quot;Let me go! She needs
help!&quot;

Raven put her hand on his shoulder, &quot;You can't help
her now, she's chosen her path and must go down it alone.&quot;

He sagged in Mortichi's arms, looking dejected, &quot;But
she may be hurt and need our help.&quot;

&quot;Yes, she might be, but that scream may not have been
from pain or fright, it may be something else entirely.&quot;

Zsuzanna came up to them. She signaled for Mortichi to let
him go. He did and stepped back. She wrapped her arms around him and held him
tightly, reaching up to stroke his hair softly, &quot;You know Dani well enough
to know she can handle almost anything. If she needed help, she would let us
know. If she was in need, she would have drawn power from us, and she hasn't
done that. So we have to just sit and wait. I know it's hard; it's hard on all
of us. You just have to trust in her.&quot;

He sagged, clutching her tightly, &quot;M'Lady, I am so
afraid for her. I don't want anything to happen to her.&quot;

She held him tighter, &quot;We all feel the same way. We
just have to wait, as hard as that is; it's all we can do.&quot;

He sighed, &quot;You're right, M'Lady, but waiting is so
hard.&quot;

She sat down, pulling him with her and held him, &quot;I
know it is, but it's all we can do.&quot;

He sighed and let her hold him, trying to patiently wait.

Darious picked her up and held her against the wall... He
lifted her robe and rammed both cocks into both her holes with no warning, then
started to fuck her hard fast and rough. He wrapped his wings around her then
started to shred her robes with his claws, leaving long welts on her body.

She started orgasming again when he slammed into her,
clutching onto his shoulders. She wrapped her legs around his hips and dug her
nails into his shoulders.

He stared deep into her eyes and growled. He made both
cocks swell up, filling her completely, stretching her out. He then started
slamming into her so hard that she was getting bruises on her back and ass from
the brick wall. He then held her tightly and started shooting deep into both of
her holes.

She tensed up and hissed as she felt is icy semen bathing
her insides; she had forgotten how cold it was. She gripped his shoulders and
rested her head on his chest.

When he finished, he stood her on the floor and backed
away, looking at her. &quot;You are mine! No one else's, mine and mine alone.
No commands have changed since we were last together. Do you understand
toy?&quot;

She looked at him, &quot;I understand M'Lord.&quot;

He folded his arms across his chest and stared at her,
&quot;Good, you are my toy and only mine.&quot;

She licked her lips, &quot;Yes M'Lord, your toy.&quot;

He chuckled and grinned, &quot;My pet kitty cat.&quot;

She looked at him, &quot;Your pet M'Lord.&quot;

He took a step closer, &quot;My slut.&quot;

She pressed tighter to the wall, starting to shiver,
&quot;Your slut.&quot;

He took a step closer, &quot;My whore.&quot;

She watched him closely, &quot;Your whore, M'Lord.&quot;

He stopped directly in front of her, standing to his full
height and looked down at her. &quot;I own you, every inch of your body and
soul.&quot; He grabbed her by the hair and yanked her head back, making her
look up at him, &quot;Who owns your cunt, slut?&quot;

&quot;You do, M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;That's right.&quot; He growled. &quot;It's my cunt.
Who owns your ass, slut?&quot;

&quot;You do, M'Lord.&quot; She said, shivering.

&quot;Very good, toy. It's my ass to use and abuse any way
that brings me pleasure. Who owns your tits, slut?&quot; He reached out and
twisted her nipples roughly with his claws.

She gulped loudly, &quot;You own them, M'Lord.&quot;

He grinned at her, fangs gleaming. &quot;You're learning
very well, toy.&quot; He reached up and ran a claw over her lips. &quot;Who
owns this hot little mouth, slut?&quot;

She stuck out her tongue and flicked it over the tip of his
claw then ran it over her lips. She then looked up at him, &quot;You do, M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;That's right slut, I do. Do you see the pattern
toy?&quot;

&quot;I do, M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;What is the pattern, toy?&quot;

&quot;That you own my body, M'Lord. It's yours to do with
whatever pleases you.&quot;

&quot;My, my, my, what a smart little kitty cat you
are.&quot; He chuckled. &quot;That's exactly what it means, toy. My personal
fuck toy. The only pleasure you will get is what I choose to give you. The only
pain you will get is what I choose to inflict upon you. You will only get
release when I choose to let you. The only satisfaction you will get is from
me. I will use you any way I see fit. You will make yourself available to me
and my needs whenever I say so. You will beg me for what pleasure you receive.
You will beg me for the pain I inflict upon you. You will beg for the release
you so crave. If I tell you to do something, you will do it with no argument or
complaint. Freely and willingly you will obey me and do my bidding, whatever it
may be. You are my toy, my pet, my slut, my whore, my bitch, my cunt, my fuck
toy, my personal play toy, anything I choose for you to be. Have I made myself
clear, toy?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;crystal clear, M'Lord.&quot;

He ran a claw down the curve of her jaw and chuckled,
&quot;Very good, toy. If you behave, I'll take you to heights of pleasure you
have never imagined. If you misbehave, you will endure the most horrendous pain
and humiliation you have ever felt in your long life. Are you following me,
toy?&quot;

&quot;I do, M'Lord.&quot; She replied softly.

&quot;Again, very good, toy.&quot; He caressed her cheek
softly and smiled. Then he pulled her into a tight hug, caressing her back
softly. &quot;I missed you, my toy.&quot;

She snuggled close to him, holding on tight to him. &quot;I
missed you so much, Darious.&quot;

&quot;I don't know what love is, or what it's supposed to
feel like, but I know I feel something for you, and I care for you
deeply.&quot;

She snuggled as close to him as she could get, holding him
tightly. She then looked up at him. &quot;Darious? There are people waiting
outside for me.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;Alright, toy.&quot;

He shifted to human form, and then she led him upstairs
where they got dressed. They walked out to the bluff and stood looking at her
friends. She wrapped her arm around his waist and smiled up at him. He smiled
down at her and put his arm around her shoulder. He then looked over the group,
his gaze cool, gauging the mood and emotions of them.

Mortichi was leaning against a tree, staring off over the
bluff. Zsuzanna and Arkady were sitting on the ground. He was sitting between
her legs, head resting on her shoulder. She was holding him, stroking his hair
softly. Raven stood off to the side, watching Zsuzanna and Arkady, grinning
from ear to ear. Aneeka was sitting on the edge of the bluff, staring off over
the valley.

Dani pressed closer to him, smiled, and then cleared her
throat. Everyone turned and looked at her, then smiled.

Mortichi looked surprised, then said, &quot;Well, I'll be
damned, it actually worked.&quot;

Aneeka stood up and stepped closer; she nodded to Dani,
then glared at Darious.

Raven walked over and stood by Mortichi, smiling happily.

Zsuzanna an Arkady both stood. Arkady was relieved to see
her, but the sight of Darious infuriated him. Zsuzanna nodded and smiled.

Darious tightened his arm around her and smiled, but his
face had that &quot;don't fuck with me&quot; look. He could tell that no one
here was thrilled to see him.

Zsuzanna stepped closer, &quot;I see you're fine and that
you succeeded. That's good. We were all worried.&quot;

&quot;Thank you for the concern, I appreciate it. It all
went smoothly.&quot; She replied.

Darious chuckled, &quot;Smoothly? It was the bumpiest ride
I have ever had.&quot;

Dani giggled and looked up at him, &quot;smoothly for what
it was.&quot;

He smiled down at her, &quot;true enough.&quot;

Mortichi stepped forward and stood next to Zsuzanna.
&quot;So, youre Darious. Sure hope you be worth all the uproar you been
causin'.&quot;

Dani smiled up at Darious, &quot;Oh, he's worth it, trust
me on that one.&quot;

Darious smiled down at her and stroked her hair softly.

Mortichi cocked his head to one side and smiled, &quot;If'n
you be sayin' so, Dani.&quot;

She smiled, &quot;I do say so, or I wouldn't have gone through
all this.&quot;

Raven stepped forward and hugged her tightly, then stepped
back, &quot;How was it?&quot;

Dani looked at her, &quot;Honestly? Very, very rough.&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Thought it might be. I would like to talk
to you about it for my studies.&quot;

Dani chuckled, &quot;At a later day I would be more than
happy to, but for now I think I'm going to be busy for a while.&quot;

Raven threw her head back and laughed, &quot;After the
honeymoon, then.&quot;

Dani grinned, &quot;That's fine.&quot;

Arkady stepped forward. After glaring at Darious, he pulled
Dani into a tight hug, stroking her back. &quot;M'Lady, I was so worried for
you.&quot; He shot Darious the dirtiest look he could muster.

She hugged him tightly, &quot;I knew what I was
doing.&quot;

Darious watched him closely; he could feel the waves of
hate coming his direction. He knew he would have to watch him closely.

Arkady nodded at her, a serious look on his face.
&quot;There is always a first time, M'Lady.&quot;

Aneeka didn't join the group, still standing by the edge of
the bluff more interested in the view than the conversation. &quot;Well, I see
you got the son of a bitch back.&quot; She then turned her back on them and sat
back down.

Dani chuckled and shook her head. Aneeka had always marched
to the beat of a different drummer, and didn't do well in groups, but it spoke
volumes that she was even here.

Darious hugged her close to him, &quot;Gee, for a welcoming
committee I don't feel so welcome.&quot;

Zsuzanna leveled her gaze with his. &quot;The only reason
we accept you is Dani. Her happiness means a lot to us. To be up front with
you, we don't like you or want you around.&quot;

Mortichi stared at him, &quot;To put it bluntly, Mister, we
need to know where you stand. In effect knowin' your kind there be a lot of
suspicion 'bout you. She,&quot; he pointed at Dani, &quot;is the only reason we
be layin' eyes on ya'. I'm a plannin' on keeping ya downwind.&quot;

Arkady growled long and low, eyes shooting daggers at him.
&quot;Bluntly and to the point, I hate you. Dani is a good lady, and you make
her happy, Fine. But you hurt her in any way, and you will deal with me.&quot;

Darious smiled down at Dani then looked at the group, eyes
gleaming. &quot;Yes Dani is a most wonderful toy. But you need to learn this,
puppy,&quot; he stared at Arkady, &quot;what I do with her is no concern of
yours. I have dealt with pups before. I have their pelts to prove it, so be warned.
The only reason I tolerate any of you is you're her friends.&quot; He turned
his gaze to Mortichi, who had taken a step forward and whose anger was starting
to show. &quot;I know your reputation well so don't unsheathe those claws or
you will lose them.&quot;

Raven put a hand on Mortichi's arm to stop him, but stood
quietly watching the whole exchange, eyes bright.

Darious turned to Zsuzanna, &quot;Now, listen to this young
lady, I have no intention of usurping your people. That isn't my nature. So
call your pooches off. I don't want to go rounds with any of you. I know I
couldn't kill any of you, but I could put a hurting on your asses. And just for
the record, so everyone knows, you can't send me back to hell, only Dani can do
that now.&quot;

Zsuzanna could hear Arkady growling a warning so she put
her hand up to stop him. She looked at Darious, &quot;We seem to be on the same
wave length here. You stay away from us, and we won't bother you. We don't like
you, that is fairly obvious by now, but we will tolerate you.&quot;

Raven put her hand on Zsuzanna's shoulder, &quot;I don't
know about this like, dislike bit. Darious may be useful considering the
problems we are currently having. We don't want to alienate him. Arkady and
Mortichi dropped the glove and challenged him. That's not a proper greeting to
someone who had just returned from the bowels of the abyss. He came out to meet
us when he could have easily stayed inside. That took something.&quot;

Dani stayed at Darious' side, holding onto his forearm with
both hands, staying quiet. She knew this was coming so she was going to let
them have their say once and for all.

Darious' cold eyes raked over them. &quot;Like or dislike
me, that's fine, but you respect me. As for my uses, they are just that, MY
uses, you have no control over me. I will say this now, I won't use Dani
against you, so don't do it to me.&quot; He looked at Arkady, eyes cold as ice.
&quot;I can understand where you come from, hating me; you've had a hard-on for
her for hundreds of years now. It's best you stay out of it and don't pass
judgment, that is neither your place, nor your station,&quot; he looked
directly in Arkady's eyes, &quot;toy.&quot;

Arkady growled fangs descended and glared. Zsuzanna put her
hand on his shoulder to hold him. He looked at her, then to Darious. His eyes
changed slightly then spoke, &quot;Control your toy, Dani.&quot;

Darious chuckled and drew Dani close to him.

Raven put her hand on Mortichi to keep him from getting
into the middle of it.

Zsuzanna pulled Arkady back slightly, looking at Darious.
&quot;No problem, we'll stay out of your business. For future reference, there
is something you should know, as far as we're concerned you are Dani's toy.
Now, this may or may not be the case, that's your business. We don't want to
fight with you. We know Dani trusts you, so that counts for something.&quot;

He looked at her, &quot;I don't want to be your business.
MY business is lust, not politics. My only other business is Dani, and it stays
that way. Because of my respect for her, I will stay away from everything
else.&quot;

Arkady glared at him, &quot;How does it feel to be nothing
more than a toy? She'll soon get bored with you, and send you back to hell
where you belong.&quot;

Dani sighed, shook her head and looked down. She knew
Arkady was going to be upset by the whole thing but couldn't imagine him acting
like this.

Darious laughed, eyes twinkling. &quot;Little do you know,
and you understand less.&quot;

Arkady glared at him harder, &quot;You don't know her like
I do. She likes her toys, but gets bored with them quickly.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;Poor, poor fool. Poor, blind
fool.&quot;

Arkady growled, &quot;You're the fool if you think you're
more than a toy to her.&quot;

Dani clung tighter to his arm and buried her face in his
bicep not wanting to watch this, knowing where it was headed. Arkady didn't
know she and most of her kind were into BD/SM. They kept it that way because
they knew he wouldn't understand after the abuse he suffered at the hands of
Jade.&quot;

Darious looked down at her and shrugged, then stroked her
hair softly. He then looked back at Arkady. &quot;Nave aren't you?&quot; His
voice then got very business-like. &quot;OK, Arkady, let me spell it out for
you so listen carefully. Have you ever heard of BD/SM?&quot;

He stiffened, &quot;Of course I have. Fools who like to be
used and abused practice it.&quot;

Dani winced and shut her eyes. Zsuzanna lowered her head
put a hand on Arkady's shoulder. Raven looked away. Mortichi sighed and looked
at his feet.

Darious stroked Dani's back softly but kept his eyes on
Arkady. &quot;OK, well, I am Dani's Lord and Master, her Dom. It's what she's
always wanted and needed. I'm the only being that has been able to do that for
her since I'm an expert at dominance. I can give her exactly what she wants and
needs. Arkady, as much as you want to be with her, you need to come to the
realization you can never do what she wants. You don't have that personality.
But she cares for you, and wants to keep you as a friend. So, to get all this
straight in your head, I'm not her toy, she is mine.&quot;

Arkady wasn't buying any of it. &quot;No way would she want
to do this, she's far too refined for any of it. You're abusive, cut and dry.
She would never ask for any of that sickness.&quot;

Darious groaned, slapped his forehead and shook his
head.&quot;

Sensing his frustration, Arkady pressed on, &quot;Do you
deny abusing her?&quot;

Darious looked at him, &quot;No more than she deserves when
she's being bad or good, since she likes pain.&quot;

Arkady puffed up, &quot;So you admit to being abusive.
Grown women don't need physical punishment.&quot;

Darious rolled his eyes, &quot;It's not punishment, if she
likes it. If she's being bad I won't do it to her.&quot;

Arkady was beside himself at the thought of this being
hurting her and blurted out, &quot;You hurt my Dani!&quot;

Dani's head jerked up and looked, wide-eyed at Arkady then
shivered. She knew Darious' reaction to this wouldn't be good.

Darious growled softly and let his full demonic presence be
felt. His eyes bored into Arkady. &quot;She is not yours, she is mine
little boy. MINE! You know not what you are dealing with!&quot;

Arkady felt Darious' presence and shivered but pressed on.
&quot;Dani is not property! Most of all, she is not your property. You're
hers.&quot;

Darious sighed and shook his head. He then turned to Dani
and cupped her chin gently, stroking the side of her face softly. &quot;Toy?
I'm going to do something you're not going to like. I don't want to humiliate
you; you know that and would not do this normally. He smiled at her, softly
caressing her cheek.

She pressed her cheek into his hand and looked up at him.
She sighed softly, looked down and nodded.

Zsuzanna and Raven looked at each other. They knew what was
coming and didn't want to embarrass Dani further, so they turned and walked
away. Raven took Mortichi's hand and led him with her.

He smiled down at her then turned back to Arkady, eyes cold
and hard as steel. &quot;I am about to take you places you never knew existed.
You will learn to understand. Lesson number one is this; do not call another
dom's property yours.&quot; He turned to Dani, eyes softening. But his voice
was still hard and firm. &quot;Toy, go get your collar and run.&quot;

She looked at Arkady and shook her head as if to say
&quot;I'm sorry you have to see this&quot;, then looked back at Darious,
&quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot; She then took off towards the house, running.

Arkady stared after her, mouth hanging open.

Darious watched him, chuckling. He then grinned, &quot;All
will be known in the fullness of time, Arkady. Remember, patience is a
virtue.&quot;

Arkady turned to him and glared. He didn't want to believe
the woman he so loved was doing this.

Dani was quickly back. She didn't look at Arkady, just
Darious. She handed the collar to him, &quot;Here, M'Lord.&quot;

Darious smiled at her, &quot;Very good, toy.&quot; He
looked over to Arkady. &quot;Dani knows I pull the strings. She's mine and she
knows it. She trusts me and I would do nothing to devalue that trust, she knows
it. Those are the rules, we both know that.&quot; He stroked her hair softly,
&quot;That's a good, toy.&quot;

Arkady stared at them, mouth open. He then glared at
Darious. &quot;You are one sick S.O.B.&quot;

Darious ignored the remark and looked at Dani. &quot;Toy,
kneel before me.&quot;

She did so, quickly, looking up at him

He looked her over, seeing that she still had on the metal
anklet he had made for her permanently affixed around her ankle. He smiled at
her, and then put her collar around her neck. &quot;You are a good toy.&quot;
He then attached the leash to the collar and pulled her to a standing position.
Then he pushed her over, bending her at the waist and spanked her ass, hard,
several times.

She looked back at him, obviously turned on.

Arkady watched, mouth hanging open, not believing his eyes.
It hurt him deeply to see her treated in this fashion.

He continued to spank her, then said. &quot;Look at Arkady,
toy. Let him see your face.&quot;

She looked Arkady in the eyes, her passion and excitement
evident.

Darious finished spanking her, then rubbed her ass softly,
&quot;Do you want more toy, answer me truthfully, do you want more?&quot;

She looked at Arkady, and then replied, &quot;Yes M'Lord, I
do.&quot;

&quot;Beg, toy. Tell me how much you like it. Tell me how
much you love it, slut. Beg!&quot;

She shivered slightly, &quot;Please, M'Lord, more. You know
I love it when you spank me. Please, M'Lord.&quot;

He spanked her a couple more times, then had her stand up.
He looked down in her eyes and caressed her cheek softly. &quot;You're such a
good toy. I know you didn't like me doing that. I didn't mean it as a
punishment for you. It was a lesson, but not for you.&quot; He pulled her
close, hugging her tightly to him, stroking up and down her back softly,
kissing the top of her head.

She nuzzled him softly and hugged him tightly. He smiled
down at her then nodded his head in Arkady's direction. She turned to face him;
Darious wrapped his arms around her middle. She looked at Arkady. &quot;I tried
to tell you, so you wouldn't get hurt.&quot;

He looked at her, eyes full of pain, &quot;Why? How come
you let that thing beat you and treat you so? Women are not meant to be treated
as such. It's abhorrent, M'Lady.&quot;

&quot;It's hard to explain, but let me try. Most people
like plain, straight, vanilla sex, but I happen to like rocky road. After 900
years doing what I have to do to feed, straight sex becomes boring. And until I
met Darious, there wasn't a creature out there that I can't bend to my will and
dominate, when all along I wanted the opposite.&quot;

Arkady shook his head, &quot;I don't see why a lady of your
stature acts like this. It's disgraceful. You are a lady of respect and
stature, but after tonight how can I see you as such again?&quot;

Darious held her tighter and stroked her hair softly,
&quot;Dani is a lady, very much a lady, but a lady with some very special
needs.&quot;

&quot;Arkady, why do you think I was with the Marquis De
Sade for so long? What was he known for? It sure wasn't straight sex. He gave
me what I wanted just like Darious does. I know you know what I'm talking
about. We all know Jade and what she's into.&quot; She looked him in the eyes.
&quot;Darious would never hurt me in anger, ever. What he does to me I ask him
to do and like it.&quot;

&quot;She's right; if I was angry with her I wouldn't touch
her.&quot; Darious said.

Zsuzanna stepped forward and put a hand on Arkady's
shoulder, looking at Dani. &quot;I'll take him home with me and try to explain
it a little better to him. He's hurting right now and isn't going to grasp it
at this point.&quot; She wrapped her arm around his waist and held him close,
stroking his hair softly. &quot;Arkady, we all know what you feel for Dani, and
that what you just saw was a big shock but that isn't the worst, is it? The
worst is knowing that she is truly happy now, and has the man she wants. And
now is never within your grasp, and will never be with you.&quot;

He looked at Dani, a single tear running down his cheek and
nodded.

Dani looked at the ground and sighed, she felt horrible
about it. She looked at Arkady, &quot;I'm sorry you got hurt.&quot;

Arkady looked at the ground. Zsuzanna looked at Dani.
&quot;It isn't your fault and you know it. You told him bluntly it wasn't to
be. Now, we're going to take our leave. Congrats Dani.&quot; She nodded to
Darious, then led Arkady to the car.

Aneeka stood up and stretched. She walked over to Dani,
&quot;Since the dramatics are over, I'm outta here.&quot; She slapped Dani a
high five and walked off.

Mortichi and Raven walked back over. Mortichi scratched his
chin, &quot;Quite a show y'all put on. I guess it was needin' to be done. I'll
be leavin' ya' to your business.&quot; He put his arm around Raven's waist.

Raven hugged Dani, &quot;We'll be going now. Give me a call
in a couple weeks, and we'll talk about the ritual for my research.&quot; She
and Mortichi then walked off, leaving her and Darious alone finally.

They walked over to the edge of the bluff and sat down. She
curled up on his lap and snuggled up next to him. He stroked her hair softly
and looked over the valley.

She ran her fingers up and down his chest. &quot;I missed
you so much, Darious.&quot;

He cocked his head to one side and looked at her,
&quot;Know what, toy?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;What, Darious?&quot;

He looked down at her, &quot;I kinda' missed you,
too.&quot; He grinned down at her, stroking her hair softly, &quot;I missed my
toy.&quot;

She held him tightly, nuzzling her face softly into his
chest, &quot;I wasn't the same after you were taken from me.&quot;

He looked down at her, &quot;You weren't?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;No, I wasn't.&quot;

&quot;How were you, toy?&quot;

&quot;Very depressed, like a part of me was missing.&quot;

He kissed the top of her head, &quot;To tell the truth, I
wasn't myself either. Beating and torturing lost souls just wasn't the
same.&quot;

She giggled, looking up at him, &quot;Know those men that
took you away from me?&quot;

His eyes and face hardened slightly, &quot;How could I
forget them?&quot;

She chuckled and kissed the side of his face softly,
&quot;Don't worry about them, I handled all of them.&quot;

He looked down at her, &quot;Handled them, how?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;I hunted each and every one of
them down then killed them. I'm surprised you didn't run into them in hell,
because that is where I sent them.&quot;

He hugged her tightly and chuckled, &quot;You didn't save
even one for me?&quot; He kissed her on the top of the head. &quot;They must
have been sent to a different area than me, or they would have relieved a very
special welcome. Guess the old adage is true: hell hath no fury like a woman
scorned, even if that woman has a tail and is part cat.&quot; He stroked down
her hair softly. &quot;This was a sanctioned kill wasn't it?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Sure was. But I would have done it even
if it wasn't. I think the council knew that.&quot;

He tilted her head back and kissed her tenderly,
&quot;Thank you, toy.&quot; He pulled her closer to him and cuddled her
closely. She wrapped her arms around his neck and held him tight, resting her
head on his shoulder. He nuzzled his face in her hair. &quot;You were faithful
to me the whole time I was gone. The only time you did was out of need.&quot;

&quot;I fed about every six months or so. That was only because
I was hurting.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;I understand, toy.&quot;

&quot;I didn't feed for two years before I performed the
ritual. But I will be honest with you; I fed off 10 men before I did it. I
needed all the strength I could get to be successful.&quot;

&quot;Toy, I am in no way upset with you about that. You
did what you had to do. That I understand. If you hadn't you would have
failed.&quot;

She nuzzled his chest softly, then yawned, her eyes
starting to droop.

He stroked her hair softly then stood up, picked her up and
carried her to the house. He carried her up to the bedroom, sat her on the edge
of the bed, and helped her to get undressed, then stood up and undressed
himself. She crawled under the covers and he joined her. She cuddled up as
close to him as she could, resting her head on his shoulder and draping her arm
across his chest. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder and pulled her close
to him. Her eyes shut and she sighed happily. He stroked her hair until he
heard her deep, regular breathing and knew she was asleep. He, gently, rolled
onto his side and hugged her to his chest, holding her until he himself fell
asleep.

Chapter 19

&#65279; 

Dani was stretched out on the sofa taking a cat nap when
the phone rang. She picked it up, &quot;Yeah?&quot; then yawned.

&quot;It's Zsuzanna, sorry to wake you. I wanted to give
you a heads up. Arkadys' headed your way.&quot; She sat up and rubbed her eyes,
&quot;Is this a good or bad thing?&quot;

Zsuzanna sighed, &quot;It isn't a good thing. I've been
somewhat coaching him on D/s and BDSM, you know, trying to get him to
understand it better. Well, now he thinks he can be your Dom and you won't need
Darious anymore.&quot;

&quot;Shit! Darious isn't going to like this at all.
Couldn't you have stopped him?&quot; Zsuzanna sighed, &quot;No, I tried but no
dice. You know what he's like when he gets his teeth into something especially
when it involves you.&quot;

&quot;Shit, shit, shit, shit!&quot; &quot;I know. OK,&quot;
she sighed, &quot;I want you to do me a favor.&quot;

Dani lit a cigarette and exhaled. &quot;What's that?&quot;

&quot;You know how I fell about Arkady, but he has to learn
this is unacceptable. Let Darious teach him a lesson but don't let him hurt him
too badly.&quot; Dani put her head in her hand. &quot;Alright.&quot;

She sighed again, &quot;I don't like this any more than you
do but this is going to continue until he learns. This is the only way I can
see that it's going to happen.&quot;

Dani agreed. They said their goodbyes then hung up. She
leaned back and sighed deeply. Darious was not going to like this at all. He
had run to the store and would return shortly.

She heard the doorbell and got up to answer it. It was
Arkady. She led him into the living room. He seemed nervous and rather than sit
down he paced back and forth, making small talk with her. She settled in her
chair and watched him.

He didn't get to the point and continued until she heard
Darious' car pull up. He then stopped pacing and started at the garage door.

Darious walked in and put the bags on the table. He looked
into the living room and saw Arkady standing there. He sighed, knowing his good
mood was shot for the day. He walked into the living room and looked at him.
Nice to see you Arkady. To what do we owe this pleasure?&quot; He looked at
Dani. She shook her head and looked down; knowing from her reaction that
whatever it was it would piss him off.

Arkady looked at both of them and took a deep breath,
trying to build up his courage. Finally, he spoke, &quot;I came to talk to Lady
Danyealla. I have a proposition for her.&quot;

She sighed deeply; knowing what he had to say was going to
make Darious angry.

Darious looked at her then looked back to Arkady, &quot;And
just what is your proposition?&quot; Arkady leaned against the wall and glared
at Darious. &quot;I have figured out a way that she won't need you anymore and
can be rid of you forever.&quot; He straightened up and looked Darious in the
face. &quot;Zsuzanna has been teaching me about D/s and BDSM. So, I decided
I'll be her Dom.&quot; He looked at the incredulous looks on their faces then
said firmly, &quot;I think I can do it.&quot; All he could think about was
being with her and getting her away from Darious. If that meant going against
his nature and dominating her, maybe giving her a light spanking once in a
while then so be it. He could do that.

Dani looked at Darious, wide eyed. She then lowered her
head, put her hand over her mouth and started giggling, hoping Arkady wouldn't
hear. She knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he wasn't capable of doing that
kind of thing to her.

Darious was a lot less subtle about it. He laughed so hard
that he ended up doubled over.

Arkady glared at him, starting to get irritated. He crossed
his arms over his chest, &quot;What? Don't you think I can?

Darious straightened up and looked at him, eyes twinkling,
&quot;Sorry, I didn't realize you were serious.&quot;

Arkady glared at him and started growling. &quot;Of course
I'm serious you idiot! Do you think I cam all this way to say that as a
joke?&quot;

Darious stared at him, &quot;Despite what you may think you
don't have the personality to be able to do it.&quot;

&quot;Yes, I do. I've been training so I can do it.&quot;

Dani settled back in her chair and watched quietly, trying
to stay out of it.

Darious shook his head, &quot;You don't get it do
you?&quot;

Arkadys' lips tightened, &quot;Yes I do. I want Dani to be
happy and to be able to do for her what she wants.&quot;

&quot;Happy? What she wants?&quot; He looked over to Dani,
who shook her head and shrugged, then back to Arkady. &quot;Then quit with this
idea of being her Dom and just be her friend. That's what she wants from
you.&quot;

Arkady glowered at him, &quot;I want to be more than her
friend, don't you get it? But I can't do that until we get rid of you. Don't
you get it Darious? She doesn't need you she needs me and would be better off
with me.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;You've almost as stubborn as
Azmodeus and twice as stupid.&quot; He crossed his arms and grinned, eyes
twinkling. He just got a delicious idea. &quot;OK, you want to try to Dom her,
fine. Let's put your skills to the test.&quot;

Danis' head jerked up and she looked at Darious, startled.
He smiled back at her.

Arkady nodded, &quot;OK, now you need to leave and I'll try
it on Lady Danyealla. Then we'll see what she says about it.&quot; Darious
shook his head. &quot;No, that isn't how it works. She's my sub and I will be
with her. You're already breaking rules you profess to know or should
know.&quot;

Arkady glared harder at him, getting angrier, &quot;You are
her toy so she makes the rules, not the other way around.&quot;

Darious stepped closer to him, looking deep into his eyes,
&quot;You need to get over the idea that I'm her toy because I am not! I'm her
Dom, her Lord, and her Master. I own her. Get that through that thick skull of
yours. Right now you're starting to really piss me off.&quot;

Arkady stood his ground, &quot;She controls you because she
can send you back to hell if she so chooses.&quot;

&quot;We hold each others strings because it runs both
ways. Now, the time has come for you to put up or shut up and leave, forgetting
the whole thing.&quot;

Arkady stared at him, &quot;I said I am willing to
try.&quot;

Darious grinned, &quot;Try huh?&quot; He looked over at
Dani smiling. &quot;Come here toy.&quot; He said softly.

She got up and walked over to him then wrapped her arms
around his waist and rested her head on his shoulder.

He hugged her tightly then kissed her softly. He looked
down at her and smiled softly. &quot;Are you up for something toy?&quot;

She shook her head vigorously, eyes pleading, &quot;No,
please. I don't want to be doing this in front of him.&quot;

He stroked her hair softly, &quot;Honey?&quot;

She looked up at him, startled, eyes wide. It was the first
time he had ever called her that. He smiled at her. &quot;He has to learn the
hard ways and that is the only way he is going to figure it out. You and I both
know that. I know you don't like doing this but if you do, I promise I'll do
something very special for your tonight. Alright?&quot;

She looked down at the floor and sighed, &quot;It's so
humiliating Darious.&quot;

He stroked the side of her face gently, &quot;I know toy, I
know. But this time it won't be me doing it. Arkady will be. We want you to be
the judge of how good he is. To see if he can please you.&quot;

Her eyes implored him, &quot;He can't and we both know that
already!&quot;

He kissed the top of her head softly, &quot;He doesn't know
it yet but he will learn it fairly quickly I imagine.&quot; He hugged her to
him. &quot;I know you won't like this toy.&quot;

She hugged him back, &quot;You're right, I don't like it at
all.&quot;

He smiled down at her, &quot;I know toy, I know. If you can
propose something else I'm all ears. We could get another sub for this.&quot;
Arkady growled at that suggestion but Darious glared and silenced him.

She shook her head. She didn't like the idea of another sub
being around him. &quot;No.&quot; She looked up at him, &quot;You'll be there
the whole time, right?&quot;

He nodded, &quot;Yes, I wouldn't leave you and break the
trust you have in me.&quot;

She nodded, &quot;I understand.&quot;

&quot;I want you to be totally honest with both of us about
it. If he's starting to turn you on tell him. If he's not, tell him. I won't
get angry with you over any of it. Understand?&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot; She sighed, and looked down again.

&quot;I can do it for you and know it. I know what you like
and don't need to prove anything. This is for his benefit entirely.&quot;

She looked over at Arkady; he was pacing back and forth
nervously, watching them. She then looked back up at Darious.

He looked down at her and smiled, &quot;It's entirely your
choice.&quot;

She sighed deeply, &quot;I reluctantly agree.&quot;

He kissed her softly then caressed the side of her face. He
then swatted her on the ass and chuckled, &quot;That's my toy.&quot;

She giggled and looked up at him smiling.

Arkady watched them, growling.

Darious looked at him, &quot;What? Don't you like it?&quot;
Arkady glared at him, &quot;I don't like seeing you even touch her.&quot;

&quot;Too bad, it doesn't really matter what you like and
don't like. All that matters is what she likes.&quot;

Arkady snorted, &quot;I still say I will be better at it
than you.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;She would be worse off with
you but that's not the question. So rather than stand here and argue about it
let's try the practical aspects of it.&quot; He put his arm around her shoulder
and looked down at her. &quot;Ready toy?&quot;

She sighed and nodded.

He led her down the basement stairs to the dungeon. Arkady
followed them, eyes shooting daggers into Darious' back the whole time.

He unlocked the door and led Dani in by the hand with
Arkady following.

Arkady stopped a few steps in the door and stared wide-eyed
and mouth hanging agape at all the implements. On the walls hung various
paddles, whips, clamps and sex toys. Shackles hung in various places and a huge
X-cross dominated one wall. There was only one chair, but it was huge, almost a
throne.

Darious chuckled at Arkadys amazement. He then looked at
Dani, &quot;At the moment I want you to be yourself like you are with me. Make
him work for what he wants. OK toy?&quot; She looked up at him, &quot;OK
Darious.&quot;

He smiled at her, &quot;Show him what it is to be a Dom.
Make him work at it. If he's pushing you too far or starts losing it I'll step
in and stop it.&quot;

She sighed, shrugged and nodded.

He stroked the side of her face, &quot;Afterwards I'll get
extra aggressive, just how you like it.&quot;

She looked up at him and grinned.

He chuckled, &quot;Good toy. Know what you'll get if you're
willing to do it? I have two somethings you can have later.&quot;

She giggled a little bit and looked up at him.

He smiled at her and kissed the top of her head. He then
looked at Arkady. He put his hand on Danis' back, &quot;Stand in the center of
the room toy. He's your Dom for a while. Train him, make him work.&quot; He
leveled his gaze with Arkdays. &quot;First, there will be no sex with her. She
has sex with me only. You will be doing D/s and BDSM, that doesn't
involve sex.&quot;

Arkady glared at him, &quot;You can't be making new rules
as we go along.&quot;

Darious took a step closer to him, &quot;She is not your
sub Arkady, she's mine. You do and I will seriously hurt you. But that's not
the point, the point is you are going to try to give her what she wants and
that is BDSM.&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;yes, that's what this is all
about.&quot;

&quot;We'll see if you can. She'll grade you on it.
Remember, no sex. Try it and I'll stop it immediately and she'll say her safe
word. If she says her safe word and you don't stop I'll stop it. Do you know
what a safe word is?&quot;

&quot;No, I don't know it.&quot;

&quot;Then you know where to start with her. Another thing,
I told her to be herself so you will have to make her behave. You'll be
starting from scratch. Now, have fun.&quot; He grinned.

Arkady looked at him; I think this is the point where you
should leave.&quot;

Darious walked over and stood directly in front of him,
glaring down at him. &quot;I'm going to put this bluntly and clearly so listen
carefully, what you think means nothing. I am her Dom, this is my house, my
dungeon, and you will do nothing with her without me around. Got it? I gave my
word that I won't interfere so I won't.&quot;

Arkady just stared at him then said, &quot;OK, let's get on
with it.&quot;

Darious nodded and went into the next room to change into
his robe. Arkady looked at Dani, &quot;Come here sub.&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;Not without Darious here.&quot;

He stiffened up, &quot;I'm your Dom, and you will do what I
say with or without Darious.&quot; She shook her head, &quot;No.&quot;

He stepped closer to her trying to convey a confidence he
didn't feel. It was all very un-natural to him. But he was also very, very
excited. Not by being a Dom but by being so close to her and that she would get
her excited enough she would agree to have sex with him then she would be his.
He gave her a hard look, &quot;No? You will do what I tell you or I will have
to whip you.&quot;

She giggled and smiled, &quot;Ohh, I might like that.&quot;

He looked at her, &quot;Oh? You think you would like me to
whip you?&quot; He grabbed her arm and tried to pull her to him, gently.

She yanked her arm away, giggling.

Darious walked back n and arched an eyebrow, &quot;You
started? You're breaking the rules already so watch your step.&quot;

Arkady glared at him, &quot;I'm the Dom now.&quot;

Darious sat in the chair, &quot;If you think you're Billy
Badass fine, give her your best shot.&quot; Arkady growled at him, he was
starting to doubt he could do this and Darious' presence wasn't making it any
easier.

Darious grinned and wagged his finger at Arkady, &quot;Ahh,
ahh, ahh.&quot;

Arkady ignored him and turned back to Dani, &quot;Lady Danyealla,
go over there now.&quot; He pointed to the wall where the shackles hung.

She crossed her arms over her chest, &quot;No.&quot; She
said, grinning.

He stared at her, &quot;Lady Danyealla, go over to the wall
now!&quot; She grinned bigger, &quot;No!&quot;

He growled, a little frustrated, grabbed her arm and pulled
her to where he wanted her.

She giggled and let him drag her.

He looked at her, getting a little more frustrated,
&quot;Kneel.&quot;

She looked at him and grinned, &quot;I don't think
so.&quot; Darious sat watching, chuckling softly, eyes dancing.

Arkady growled, &quot;Sub kneel!&quot;

She chuckled, &quot;Make me.&quot;

He stared at her, confused, trying to think of a way to
handle this. He looked on the table next to him and saw a cat o' nine tails. He
picked it up and looked at her. She just looked back at him, calm. &quot;Not
going to kneel? Fine.&quot; He walked behind her and started using it on the
backs of her legs, hitting her lightly.

She looked back at him, &quot;Was that suppose to
hurt?&quot; He was getting more frustrated. This wasn't working the way he
thought it would. He didn't want to hit her harder because he was afraid of
really hurting her but what he was doing wasn't working. He hit her just a
little bit harder. &quot;I said kneel!&quot;

&quot;I don't want to.&quot; She said, smiling.

Darious leaned back, smiling. Watching Arkady try to
control someone he had problems with when she felt like being a real brat.

Arkady took a step back and tried to gather himself. OK,
this wasn't going to work so he would move onto something else. &quot;You won't
kneel? Fine!&quot; He put the cat back on the table. He stepped forward and
undressed her quickly with a little mild resistance from her then shackled her
hands over her head. He stepped back. The sight of her naked was giving him a
hard-on. He grabbed the riding crop off the table and stepped behind her then
started using it lightly on her ass.

She wiggled her butt a little and giggled.

He pulled her head back, gently, and growled. &quot;I will
whip your behind red if you don't do as I say!&quot;

She grinned at him, &quot;Go for it!&quot;

He didn't know exactly what to do next but said,
&quot;Fine.&quot; And started using it a little harder on her ass.

She started purring loudly, &quot;Now you're turning me
on.&quot;

He thought she was being sarcastic so said, &quot;Like this
sub?&quot;

She looked back at him and purred, &quot;Oh yeah, I like it
a lot.&quot; He took a couple steps back, totally confused. He didn't
understand why she was getting turned on and not obeying.

Darious started laughing.

She looked at Arkady, &quot;Keep it up and I'll cum. As a
matter of fact, do it harder.&quot;

He looked at her, startled, &quot;Harder?&quot; She
grinned, &quot;Yes, harder. Leave welts. I really like that.&quot; Arkady just
stared at her, mouth open. Darious walked over to him, with a big grin.

Arkady looked at him and growled.

&quot;Don't growl at me pup. I'm not interfering; I just
want to give you some advice.&quot;

&quot;I don't need advice!&quot; Arkady said obviously
confused and frustrated.

Darious chuckled, &quot;You do need it. You're trying to
punish her and get her to behave and obey but all you're succeeding in doing is
turning her on. You're not listening to the signals she's sending out. Let me
show you something. He yanked the crop out of Arkadys' hand. When he started to
protest Darious held up his hand. &quot;This is my place; I'll take it without
asking if I feel like it. Now, go find a place, sit down, watch and learn. If
you have questions, ask.&quot;

Arkady leaned against the nearest wall, arms crossed over
his chest, totally confused and deflated.

Dani looked over her shoulder at Darious and licked her
lips.

Darious looked at Arkady then started laughing. &quot;Her
Dom? OK, you failed miserably. Watch and learn Arkady, this is how you handle
Dani.&quot; He walked over and stood in front of her, looking down. &quot;Toy,
you will behave or I'll leave you hanging there and you will get nothing.
You'll be all turned on then it will stop. If you want it to continue then
you'll listen and behave.&quot;

She looked at him, &quot;I'll behave M'Lord.&quot;

He stepped closer then said to her softly, so Arkady
couldn't hear. &quot;No toy. I want to teach Arkady how to do this so don't
behave. Make me work for it, misbehave. If you do when we're done' I'll give
you what you want.&quot; She looked up at him then replied softly, &quot;OK
Darious.&quot;

He winked at her and stepped back. &quot;Now toy, beg me
and tell me what you want.&quot; She just looked at him. He grinned, &quot;Are
you going to beg toy?&quot; &quot;No.&quot; He cocked his head to one side and
looked at her, &quot;Not going to beg? Hmm. I think I better do something about
this.&quot; He stepped closer to her, &quot;Are you going to be a good toy and
beg?&quot;

She looked at him coolly, &quot;No.&quot;

He grinned evilly and stroked his chin, then looked at
Arkady and winked.

Arkady was watching them intently, eyes bright.

Darious stepped back behind her. &quot;Hmm, this is fairly
serious wouldn't you say Arkady? Now toy, I'll tell you what we are going to do
about your misbehavior.&quot; He stepped closer to her. &quot;I'm not going to
give you what you want; I'm not going to spank you. First things first though:
I'm going to inspect my pussy to see just how turned on you are so I know how
to proceed.&quot;

She tensed up and started quivering all over.

&quot;Now, spread your legs toy so I can inspect my pussy.
Don't say a word; let your actions speak for you.&quot;

She looked back at him then shut her legs tightly.

He smiled and winked at her, then forced her legs apart and
shackled her spread eagle. He stepped behind her again. &quot;I'm not going to
spank you until you start behaving toy.&quot; He then put his hand between her
legs and thrust one finger deep into her pussy, twisting it side to side
roughly then thrust it in and out.

She started shivering and whimpering softly.

He pressed against her, &quot;Am I turning you on toy?
Speak or I'll stop.&quot;

She took a deep breath then said, softly, &quot;Yes.&quot;

He growled, &quot;Yes what toy?&quot; She shuddered,
&quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot;

&quot;Mmm, good toy.&quot; He pinched her clit between two
fingers.

She moaned loudly and shut her eyes.

Arkadys eyes were glued to Darious' hand. He could smell
her from where he was standing, causing his erection t grow to full mast.

Darious pushed his finger into her deeper and started to
rub her g-spot. &quot;Hmm, my toys' turned on by this.&quot; She started
wiggling all over, causing the chains to rattle. Her juices were running down
onto his hand.

He chuckled deeply, &quot;You certainly do get wet huh
toy?&quot; She whimpered softly, &quot;I do M'Lord.&quot; He turned his body
slightly so that Arkady couldn't see what he was doing to do then he caressed
her pussy then spanked it a couple times. &quot;You're doing good toy.&quot; He
said to her softly so Arkady couldn't hear. Then he repositioned himself so
Arkady could once more see and thrust his finger deep into her ass, thrusting
it side to side roughly.

She started moving around, causing the chains to rattle.

He chuckled, &quot;Turns you on doesn't it toy?&quot; She
looked back at him and winked then said, &quot;No.&quot;

He arched an eyebrow, &quot;You don't like it toy?&quot; He
swatted her on the ass, hard.

She shivered, &quot;Nope.&quot; He chuckled and pulled his
finger out, &quot;Then I guess I don't need to do it do I?&quot; He stepped
back away from her.

She whimpered softly and looked over her shoulder at him.

He chuckled again, &quot;Hmm, what should I use on that
ass? The riding crop? Hmm... How about a paddle? Maybe a cricket bat? What do
you think toy?&quot;

&quot;Yes, I think you should use that M'Lord.&quot; She
said, softly.

He chuckled, &quot;Well, I guess I don't need to use that
then do I toy?&quot;

She whimpered loudly, eyes pleading with him.

He pressed against her, grabbed a handful of her hair and
pulled her head back, &quot;Do what I tell you or I will leave you like this,
all turned on with no release. Or, I will get you to the point of cumming and
not let you. What is your choice toy?&quot;

She shivered and looked at him, &quot;I'll behave
M'Lord.&quot;

He looked at Arkady and winked. Arkadys eyes were glued to
her pussy. It was all wet and glistening, the lips flowered open showing off
the delicate pink interior. Even the insides of her thighs were wet with her
juices. He let out a ragged breath and licked his lips. He shifted around to
get his hard-on into a more comfortable place.

His eyes twinkled and he chuckled watching Arkadys'
reaction then turned his attention back to Dani. He pulled her head back a
little bit further then growled. &quot;You know what toy? I fail to believe
you. I don't believe you are saying that with enough conviction. I know you
toy. I also am well acquainted with your bad behavior and bratty streak. You
are not the well behaved sub everyone thinks you are, are you? It's take me a
long time and a lot of work to get you to behave hasn't it? Now, I'll put it to
you this way toy, you will either behave and do as you're told or I'll put your
collar and leash on and make you walk around on all fours like a kitty cat
should. It's your choice entirely toy, so what will it be?&quot;

She shuddered and looked back at him, wide-eyed,
&quot;M'Lord, I'll behave.&quot;

He growled again, &quot;Not good enough toy. I still don't'
believe that you'll truly behave yourself. I was trusting that you would but
now I don't. You'll have to work at it for me to trust you to behave.
Understand me toy?&quot;

She nodded the best she could, &quot;Yes M'Lord, I
understand.&quot; He let go of her hair, &quot;That's much better toy.&quot; He
looked at Arkady and grinned, &quot;Think I got her attention now Arkady?&quot;
He looked at Darious and growled. He was more confused than ever. He didn't
understand how being so demeaning to someone could be a turn on.

Darious glared at him, &quot;Don't growl at me pup or I'll
walk over there and jerk a slipknot in your ass.&quot; He then turned his
attention back to Dani. &quot;You're going to behave hmm? We'll just have to
test that won't we?&quot;

She looked at him and whimpered loudly, shivering and
shaking all over.

He took a couple steps back and swatted her on the ass hard
enough to leave a handprint.

She shut her eyes and moaned loudly, her legs starting to
shake.

He ran a finger down her spine hard enough to leave a small
welt in its wake. He then looked at Arkady. &quot;Do you still think that you
could really handle her?&quot;

Arkady didn't answer, just stared at Darious. He reached
down and adjusted his hard-on to a more comfortable position.

Darious chuckled. &quot;You think this is bad Arkady? This
is mild. You should deal with her other side.&quot; He turned back to Dani,
&quot;Do you want me to continue toy? If you do you better bed and it better be
good or I'm going to leave you like this.&quot;

She looked at him, eyes begging,
&quot;Plllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeee M'Lord,
continue. Please!&quot;

He picked up the cricket bat and showed it to her. &quot;Do
you want me to spank you with this toy? Imagine how delicious it's going to
feel on your ass. How much it's going to hurt.&quot;

She shuddered, &quot;Oh yes please M'Lord, spank me.&quot;

He pressed closer to her. &quot;You're not begging well
enough. I want Arkady to hear you. I want him to hear you wanting it.&quot;

She was quivering and shaking all over. &quot;Please spank
me M'Lord, PLEASE!&quot; She almost screamed.

Arkady couldn't believe that she was begging to be spanked,
to be hurt. That being hurt turned her on. That she liked being humiliated in
this fashion. He shivered and lowered his eyes. He couldn't watch this anymore.
Not only because he couldn't stand to see her having this done to her and
liking it but because it was turning him on more than he was willing to admit
to himself. Not the dominating someone but having it done to him, to once again
be some ones kept pet.

Darious looked at him. &quot;Don't look away Arkady, watch.
Watch and learn how this is done. That's what we're here for.&quot; He walked
over to Arkady and lifted his chin, staring into his eyes. &quot;A Dom never
lowers his eyes.&quot; Darious was in full Dom mode and Arkady could feel just
how dominant he was.

Arkady shook his head and growled in both anger and frustration.

Darious gripped his chin tighter. &quot;Don't growl at me
pup. That shows your losing control of yourself. A Dom never loses control or
shows frustration. He is always in control of himself.&quot; He grabbed
Arkadys' shoulder and pulled him over beside Dani. &quot;Now, stand there and
watch!&quot; He watched his reaction. It was obvious he was very excited by the
whole thing and was upset by it.

Dani looked at Arkady but was so turned on that she didn't
care what he saw anymore. She just wanted release. She looked at Darious, eyes
pleading with him.

Darious stepped behind her again then leaned down and
whispered in her ear, &quot;Do you want to be spanked toy?&quot;

She whimpered, &quot;Yes please M'Lord, I do.&quot; She
said softly.

He pressed tightly against her. &quot;I don't think your friend
can hear you so speak louder so he can. Do you want to be spanked toy?&quot;

She spoke louder, &quot;Yes M'Lord, please spank me.
PLEASE!&quot; He took a couple steps back and swatted her on the ass with the
cricket bat, hard enough o turn her ass instantly bright red and almost lifting
her off her feet.

Dani threw her head back and moaned loudly, her juice
starting to run down the insides of her thighs.

Arkady turned pale. He could tell by the resounding smack
of the paddle on her ass and seeing how red it got instantly that it was no
playful love smack. He could tell that she was obviously highly excited by it.
The musky scent of her sex was permeating the room causing his erection to
throb. He gulped loudly and then shivered.

Darious swatted her ass again, harder this time.

She gripped the shackles tightly and her toes curled,
moaning so loudly it was almost a scream. Her pussy was throbbing signaling she
was on the verge of cumming.

Darious pressed against her and murmured in her ear,
&quot;Do you want to cum toy? Does that hot pussy of yours crave release?&quot;
She pushed back onto him, grinding her ass onto his crotch. Her whole body was
throbbing. &quot;Yes please M'Lord. Let me cum. PLEASE!&quot; She panted.

He reached down between her legs and rubbed a finger up and
down her dripping slit then pinched her clit and rolled it between two fingers.
&quot;Do you really want to cum toy? Convince me.&quot;

She ground her throbbing pussy down onto his hand,
shuddering. &quot;Please, please, please, I want to cum M'Lord!
PLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEASSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEE let me cum!
PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!&quot; He chuckled softly in her ea, &quot;Hmm, you
really do want to cum don't you? Your hot cunt is begging me to give it
release. Do you deserve to cum toy? Have you behaved well enough to earn that
privilege? Have you been good enough that I should let you?&quot; He then
swatted her, hard, on the ass.

She was shaking all over, &quot;Please M'Lord, I've been a
good girl and behaved. Please let me cum, PLEASE!&quot; She looked back at him,
eyes begging.

He swatted her on the ass again, with the paddle then
dropped it. He caressed her ass softly. He nuzzled her ear softly then nipped
it gently with his teeth. &quot;Good toy. I guess you do deserve to cum.&quot;

She whimpered and moaned, looking back at him. She was
panting heavily and sweat was pouring off her. Her eyes were clouded over with
passion and desire. She bit her bottom lip. Her eyes beseeched him to make her
cum.

He swatted her, hard, on the ass again then reached between
her legs and started to rub her throbbing clit back and forth fast then growled
in her ear, &quot;Cum toy!&quot;

She yanked the chains tight, gripped the shackles so tight
her knuckles turned white, threw her head back and let out a deafening scream
of pure ecstasy as she came, drenching his hand. Her whole body was drawn taut
and quivering.

He spanked her ass several times while she was cumming, his
finger still working on her clit. He looked at Arkady and grinned wickedly.

Arkadys eyes were glued to Darious' hand, licking his lips.
He could see how wet she was and could hear the wet, juicy sound coming from
his finger even though panting waling loudly, obviously loving it. Her whole
body glistened with a thin sheen of sweat and she was quivering all over. He
looked into Darious' eyes, pale as a ghost. His hard-on was making a huge bulge
in the front of his jeans, throbbing in time to the beat of his heart. He was
so turned on his whole body was shaking. God help him but he wanted what she
just got minus the pain.

When she stopped cumming and slumped forward, panting and
moaning softly, her whole body quivering he pulled his finger off her clit and
thrust it deep into her pussy, wiggling it around, getting her cum all over it.
He then withdrew it and rubbed his hand up and down her pussy, coating it as
well. She whimpered weakly and shivered all over. He whispered in her ear,
&quot;You did good toy. I'll give you your reward later.&quot; He caressed her
bruised ass softly. He then stepped back and showed his hand to Arkady.
&quot;This is what a real Dom can do for his sub.&quot;

Arkady glared at him sharply but said nothing.

Darious took a couple steps closer to him. &quot;Do you
think you can do this for her? You say you want to but can you? This is what
she truly wants, someone that can give her this much pleasure and make her
totally lose her self control.&quot;

Arkady stared at him, &quot;There is no way I would want to
hit her hard enough to leave bruises and welts. I have too much respect for
women to do that to one.&quot;

Darious chuckled, &quot;Then you wouldn't be giving her
what she wants and needs, what she so craves. Dani loves pain and gets off on
it. What you just saw was mild compared to what I usually do to her.&quot; His
eyes bored into Arkadys but he also noticed his huge erection and grinned.

Arkady got more pale and lowered his eyes from Darious'
penetrating stare, shivering.

Darious chuckled then turned and unshackled Dani. He held
her tight to him, caressing her tenderly and kissed her softly. He cuddled her
to him, &quot;You did very good toy, just how I wanted you to act. Why don't
you go sit down and rest while I talk to Arkady for a bit.&quot;

She snuggled him for a minute then sat down in the nearest
corner, wincing slightly as her bruised ass touched the hard concrete floor,
and leaned back to watch.

Darious turned to Arkady, &quot;You'll never be a Dom, you
don't have the personality for it. You loose your self control when you get
frustrated. Shit, she'd end up dominating you.&quot;

Arkady glared at him. He had figured this out by now and
didn't need Darious to point it out to him.

Darious softened his tone slightly, &quot;I'm not saying
this to be mean or arrogant, as a Dom it's my duty to another to be truthful.
This is going to sound strange coming from a demon but it's not for a Dom to
hurt a sub. Of he does they could end up maimed or dead. If their a masochist
it's fine to hurt them, that's their pleasure, like it's Danis' pleasure. You
can't do that Arkady; you're just not the type.&quot;

Arkady glared at him harder but didn't say a word. Darious
looked at him, &quot;If you don't believe me that's fine. Ask Dani, she'll tell
you the truth. She wanted you to hurt her and you couldn't do that for her. You
couldn't give the sub what she needed.&quot;

Darious had figured out part of the truth but not all of
it. Arkady wanted to get out of there before he figured out the rest, so he
started to back away from him.

Darious chuckled, &quot;Are you scared of the truth Arkady?
Or are you just plain scared?&quot;

Arkady looked at him, &quot;Neither one.&quot; Darious
cocked his head to one side, &quot;YOU know it's the truth yet you back away,
why? Afraid of me telling you what you already know deep inside yourself? Is
that it Arkady?&quot;

Arkady shook his head then tried to muster all his bravado
to get Darious off that subject. &quot;The truth is this, you abused her.
That's not what she wants, it can't be, no woman wants that. There must be
something else you give her that she wants. Something that makes her put up
with all of this.&quot;

Darious sighed, &quot;IF you don't believe me ask her. But
also ask her if I lie. Because I don't, in D/s trust is everything.&quot; Dani
spoke up, &quot;Arkady, he's telling the truth, I love what he does to me. I
ask and beg him for it.&quot; Arkady shook his head, &quot;There has to be
something else. Has to be.&quot; Darious chuckled and grinned evilly,
&quot;Well there is one thing, no two things, I have that you never will.&quot;
He chuckled again then shifted to his full demon form. He looked down at Arkady
and grinned. &quot;You should understand that as much as you think you can give
her I have something that you will never have for her.&quot; He grinned again
and undid his robe then let it drop to the floor. Both is eight inch cocks were
standing straight out in front of him, hard as steel.

Arkady blushed up to the roots of his hair and took a step
backwards but was unable to tear his eyes away from them.

Dani sat up straight, whimpered softly and licked her lips.
She was aroused all over again by the sight of the things that gave her almost
unbearable pleasure.

Darious grinned evilly again, &quot;That isn't all I have,
I also have an eight in prehensile tongue.&quot; Arkady blushed harder and
looked down, &quot;Now I get it.&quot; Every she-devil he knew would kill
everything in their path for a man with two fully functional cocks and an eight
inch tongue.

Darious stepped closer to him. &quot;Why are you blushing
Arkady? Are you wondering how they will feel in your ass? Is that it? I could
Dom you like I do Dani and you would get to feel them. Would you like
that?&quot; He chuckled deeply and looked at Arkady.

Arkady lowered his eyes and back peddled a bit, unable to
look up at Darious, knowing how close what he said hit home.

Darious stepped even closer to him, &quot;I can feel the
lust coming from you.&quot; He chuckled again, &quot;What Arkady? Not wanting
to look at me anymore? Aren't you impressed by a man with two cocks? But they
would really fill you up wouldn't they?&quot; Arkady kept backing up until his
back was flat against the wall. He was breathing heavily and shaking all over.

Darious kept walking towards him. He unfurled his wings to
their full span then let them drape behind him, relaxed. His tail swished
purposefully. &quot;I could make you beg to have me Arkady.&quot;

Arkady gulped loudly and turned pale, still unable to look
up and meet his eyes. Unlike most human males and garou his species of werewolf
had no problems with homosexuality. They were around one of the worlds most
decadent creatures and homosexuality was one of the least deviant things
practices. He had been with men many times and enjoyed it. What bothered him
most about what Darious was doing was how much it turned him on and that he
wanted it badly.

Darious sensed there was something bothering Arkady besides
the sight of his demon form and his cocks. There was a great want in him that
Darious couldn't quite figure out. He was still very excited, that much was
obvious. His hard-on was still very much visible and there was a wet spot on
his jeans where it was leaking pre-cum. He grasped Arkadys chin firmly and
forced him to look up into his face. He looked deep into Arkadys eyes, his own
glowing bright red. &quot;Arkady, my nature is lust. I feed off lust much like
your beloved she-devils feed off emotions that are in a mans blood. It is also
in my nature to promote lust but I don't have to do that with you do I? You
already lust for something don't you? I can smell it clearly. Why don't you
tell me what it is and perhaps I can give it to you.&quot;

Arkady looked into his eyes and grew paler then started
shaking all over but didn't answer.

Darious stepped closer to him and chuckled deeply, &quot;If
I wanted to I could have sever she-devil down on their knees begging to have
me. I could turn them into a bunch of lustful whores, not that that would be
much of a change mind you, to use for my own pleasure. I'll give you my word
and make you a promise Arkady,&quot; he said, stroking down his cheek softly,
&quot;I could make you beg. I could give you the greatest joy and pleasure you
have ever felt in your long life. I could end your turmoil and give you what
you want and so desperately need.&quot;

Arkady gulped loudly and looked over to Dani, hoping she
would help him. She just looked at him and licked her lips. He then looked back
up at Darious, eyes wide.

Darious caressed his chest softly letting his claws drag
lightly over the hard nipples. &quot;Well pup? Do you want it? Want what you so
desperately want and need? Speak!&quot;

Arkady jumped slightly but was unable to tear his eyes
away. He wasn't able to speak for a couple minutes but finally found his voice,
&quot;I'm not that way Darious.&quot; Darious just grinned, &quot;Oh? You're
not?&quot; He reached down and rubbed Arkadys balls through the fabric of his
jeans then moved his hand up and stroked his fingers over his cock, feeling it
throb. Darious chuckled, &quot;You're hard cock is telling me something
different. It's telling me you like it.&quot; Arkady was starting to shake and
sweat. He had almost cum when Darious started stroking his cock and was glad
when he quit before he did. He lowered his eyes and said, &quot;I want Lady
Danyealla not you.&quot;

Darious chuckled evilly, &quot;Don't you want to be my pup?
To sit beside my toy?&quot;

Arkady stared up at him, wide-eyed. Darious just offered
what he so wanted but to be honest with himself Darious scared him badly, but
it also excited him tremendously.&quot;

Darious pressed against him tightly then leaned down and
kissed him on the cheek and started stroking his shoulder.

Arkady pressed tighter to the wall, wishing he could melt
into it, shaking all over.

Darious reached up and stroked his cheek softly then
whispered in his ear, &quot;What's the matter Arkady? Don't you like this? The
way your hard cock is pressing against me tells me at least your body
does.&quot; He chuckled deeply, &quot;Say the magic word and I'll let you
go.&quot;

Arkady started shaking harder. He was trying to think, to
decide what to do. He wanted to be a toy again and that was being offered to
him. He also wanted to be with Dani and if he agreed he could be around her all
the time. But as much as Darious was exciting him he frightened him ten times
more. He looked to Dani, trying to decide.

Darious backed off slightly and looked down at him,
grinning. &quot;How about this Arkady? I'll teach you to be a sub, D/s style.
If you like it we can continue on and you'll be my pet. Just like Dani is my
toy.&quot;

Arkady looked up at Darious then over to Dani then back up
at Darious, trying to decide.

Darious chuckled, &quot;It's alright to be afraid.&quot; He
stroked his cheek softly. &quot;Pets are always afraid at first.&quot; He
leaned closer and kissed Arkady softly then he looked into his eyes. &quot;You
don't need to decide right now, take some time and think about it. But think
about this, if you agree you'll be around what you desire most in the world.
Also, I can give you the sweetest pleasure you ever dreamed about or the
sweetest most delicious torment you have ever met.&quot; He whispered to him,
eyes locked with his.

Arkadys legs were shaking so badly that they almost
wouldn't hold him upright. He stared deeply into Darious' eyes and gulped. He
drew a ragged breath then whispered, &quot;Yes.&quot; So softly it was all but
inaudible.

Darious brushed his lips over Arkadys ear and whispered,
&quot;Are you sure pup? I can teach you what you so desire to learn. Teach you
to be a good sub. I can give you all you would ever want and fulfill your every
need.&quot; He stroked his hair then stared deep into Arkadys eyes. &quot;Are
you sure this is what you want? You must be sure Arkady.&quot;

Arkady stared deep into his eyes, shivering. He took
another ragged breath and said a little louder, &quot;Yes, I'm sure.&quot;

Dani looked at Arkady wide-eyed, not believing what she
just heard. Darious looked over to her and smiled and nodded, then winked
before he turned back to Arkady. She licked her lips and watched more intently,
ears perked up.

Darious took a couple steps back and stared at Arkady, eyes
glowing bright red. Arkady looked at him and swallowed hard. He was shaking all
over from both fear and excitement. Darious ran one finger softly down his
cheek then said, &quot;Kneel pup.&quot; In his most deep, commanding voice.

Arkady quickly obeyed, grateful because he knew his legs
wouldn't have held him up much longer. He looked over at Dani and smiled. He
had part of what he wanted; he was going to be living with her and would be
around her all the time now. He reached down and adjusted his erection to a
more comfortable place. It was throbbing madly and demanding release.

Darious growled loudly and Arkady looked up at him,
startled. Darious' eyes glowed brighter, &quot;Look down at my feet pup. Do not
let them move. Do not look at what is mine, you haven't earned that privilege.
If your eyes waver from my feel I will punish you. Also, you do not touch
yourself without my permission. Understand me pup?&quot;

Arkady quickly looked at his feet and shuddered, &quot;I
understand you Darious and will obey.&quot;

Darious chuckled, &quot;Very good pup.&quot; He stood back
and watched him for a couple minutes. He could see Arkady shivering and watched
his hard-on throbbing in his jeans. He then walked over to Dani and smiled down
at her. He stroked her hair softly, &quot;This isn't bothering you is it
toy?&quot; he asked softly.

She pressed her cheek into his hand and purred softly.
&quot;No Darious, it isn't bothering me at all.&quot; She stood up and wrapped
her arms around his middle and stroked the area where his wings grew out of his
back. He growled softly and his wings unfurled and fluttered slightly. She
giggled softly and looked up at him, eyes twinkling. &quot;The truth is it's
really turning me on, a lot.&quot; He growled down at her eyes glowing
brightly. He looked over at Arkady to make sure he was still obeying then
turned back to her, &quot;You're such a naughty toy and I will deal with you
later.&quot; He chuckled when she grinned at him and purred. He kissed her
softly, &quot;When I'm done with Arkady for the night I'll give you just what
you deserve.&quot;

She rolled her eyes, growled softly and grinned up at him.

He hugged her then walked back over to where Arkady was
kneeling. He crossed his arms over his chest, &quot;Good pup, you did as I told
you. Now stand up.&quot; Arkady quickly rose, keeping his eyes lowered. He was
breathing heavily, as much from being turned on as from fright.

Darious grinned, &quot;Stand there and strip.&quot; Arkady
took a sharp intake of breath and started shaking harder but started undressing.
His hands were shaking so badly that he was having a hard time of it. He was
glad his head was lowered because he knew he was blushing because he could feel
his cheeks burning.

Darious started chuckling. He could see Arkadys' hands
shaking so hard he could barely get the buttons undone. &quot;What's the matter
pup?&quot;

Arkady started shaking harder, &quot;I'm just nervous
Darious?&quot;

Darious grinned, &quot;Looks like to me the shaking is
coming from more than just being nervous. Am I turning you on Arkady?&quot; He
saw him blush harder, the redness on his face spreading down to his chest.
&quot;Answer me pup, am I turning you on?&quot;

Arkady gulped loudly then whispered, &quot;Yes Darious,
you're turning me on.&quot; He managed to finally get his shirt undone then
off. He then started to unbutton the fly of his jeans but he was shaking harder
than ever and he couldn't quite manage to get the buttons undone.

Darious watched him struggling for a couple minutes,
chuckling. He then stepped forward and shoved Arkadys' shaking hands out of the
way then proceeded to undo his jeans. He then stepped back, &quot;Finish.&quot;
Arkady eased his jeans and underwear down then kicked them aside and stood back
up, eyes lowered, shaking all over.

Darious walked slowly around him, looking his body over. He
then stood back in front of him, arms folded over his hest, eyes glowing.
&quot;Look up at me Arkady.&quot; Arkady raised his eyes and looked up into
Darious' face. He was sweating profusely and shaking badly. He licked his lips
and whimpered softly.

Darious chuckled, &quot;Are you scared Arkady?&quot; Arkady
gulped audibly, &quot;Yes Darious, I am indeed frightened.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;I assumed as much. You have every
reason to be frightened. Now,&quot; Darious said, eyes glowing brighter,
&quot;we are going to go over the rules of your conduct and behavior. First,
how you will dress. For the first week you will wear nothing except your
training collar and arm cuff. Unless we have company then you will be allowed
to be fully clothed. Next week you will start wearing a uniform. Your uniform
is a loin cloth and a pair of moccasins. They will be kept clean at all times.

&quot;Second, you will not touch Dani without my specific
permission. IF you do she will be under orders to slap you then to tell me. I
will then severely punish you. Also, you will call her M'Lady, since you call
her that anyway I don't anticipate a problem. Are you following me so far
Arkady?&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;I understand so far Darious.&quot; He
was starting to calm down a little bit and wasn't shaking as bad as he was
before.

Darious nodded, &quot;Good. Also, if she gives you an
order, it's coming from me so you will obey it or you will be punished
severely. I know you and her are friends. I will not interfere with that or do
anything to harm it but my orders are law around here. Along that train of
thought comes your duties for the council. I will not stand in the way of those
but if you have something to do for them notify me. You need not tell me what
they are just that you are leaving and an approximation of when you will
return.&quot;

Darious stared at him coldly, &quot;You will not lie
to me or go out hunting women or men. In other words, no cheating. I will be
your one and only lover unless I give you permission otherwise. You will not
touch yourself or masturbate without specific permission.&quot; He chuckled
evilly and grinned, &quot;When we are not in the presence of others you will
keep yourself in an excited state.&quot;

Arkady looked at him, obviously confused. He saw Dani put
her hand over her mouth and heard her giggle.

Darious grinned evilly, &quot;I see you are slightly
confused by what I just said so I will clarify my statement and spell it out
for you in a language you can more easily understand.&quot; He took a step
closer, &quot;You will be at least semi-erect at all times. Did you understand
it that way pup?&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;Yes, I certainly do understand
Darious.&quot; Darious chuckled again, &quot;Very good pup. Now, this seems to
be the time to bring this point up, from now on you will call me Sir not
Darious. Each slip up will get you punished so remember it.

&quot;I am going to go over several things in quick
succession so pay close attention. You will be at my beck and call at all times
unless on council business. You will ask permission to eat, to bathe, to go to
the bathroom. You will keep yourself meticulously clean at all times. You will
look nice at all times. Your hair will be kept clean and trimmed. Your body
hair will be trimmed. Your pubic hair will be trimmed or waxed off entirely.
Your face will be clean shaven. You will have your back and ass waxed clean.
You will keep your ass and cock extremely clean, especially that ass. IF it
isn't I have no problem giving you an enema to make sure it is and believe me,
you will not like it in the least. If I have to do that you will be severely
punished. You will be inspected daily on all these things and if you have not
followed my commands you will be punished. If need be I will do it for you.

&quot;You will wear my training collar and arm cuff at all
times. To wear it means you are all mine. When you are done training and have
made your choice I will collar you. When you are out of the house you don't
have to wear the collar but the arm cuff will remain on. Around company or
outside the house you can call me Darious or Sir.

&quot;The only time you will ever remove the arm cuff is to
clean it or yourself. I expect it to be kept spotless. Remember, cleanliness
shows a subs dedication to their master and their life as a sub. Cleanliness in
heart, body, mind and conscience shows confidence in your choice.

&quot;You will not get into fights and damage my property
unless it is on council business.

&quot;The final rules are this, you will not mention the
g-mans name, the name of his son or the h-name in this house or in my presence.
There will be no mention of religion. No religious symbols or religious
literature will be brought into this house.&quot;

Arkady stared at him, wide eyed, and nodded.

Darious stared hard at him. &quot;You say those words you
will be punished. You bring any of those items in this house you will be
punished severely.&quot;

Arkady started shaking harder, barely able to stand but
kept looking at Darious and nodded.

Darious looked at him, &quot;Stay right there.&quot; He
then walked over to a cabinet and retrieved the collar and cuff. The collar was
a basic black leather dog collar. The arm cuff was shiny silver that fit around
the bicep and had an intricate D engraved on it. He quickly put them on Arkady.
&quot;You are now a sub in training, that means you are lower than a regular
sub and will follow any Masters commands but mine above all others. When we are
done with training you will get a real collar but now you cans top and back out
if you wish. After the collaring your ass is totally mine and there is no
backing out. None of this is going to be easy, as a matter of fact it's going
to be very hard, but as hard as it will be it will be equally rewarding.&quot;

Arkady was pale as a sheet, sweating and shaking. He was
embarrassed to be standing there totally naked and exposed, being read off a
bunch of rules like a child who had misbehaved. He was wondering just what he
had gotten himself into.

Dani was sitting in the corner, eyes glued to Arkady and
Darious. She was very voyeuristic and watching them was turning her on
tremendously.

Darious stepped closer to Arkady. He ran his fingers
through his thick, long hair then down his face looking at him closely. He then
ran his fingers down his hairy chest down to his thighs, feeling the hard
muscles under the skin. Arkady was powerfully built, big, tall and strong like
a linebacker. His body was covered with a dense covering of blonde hair. He stepped
behind him and felt down over his firm, taut ass to his powerful thighs.
&quot;You were a Viking weren't you Arkady?&quot;

Arkady shuddered, &quot;Indeed I was Sir before Jade found
me and made me into a werewolf.&quot; Darious chuckled, &quot;Quite an ironic
change wouldn't you say? Once a tough, proud Viking warrior now a meek sub for
a demon. How delicious is that?&quot; He ran a claw up his asscrack then
stepped back in front of him and grasped his chin between his thumb and
forefinger firmly and stared deep into his eyes. &quot;I want to make one thing
very clear to you pup. Touch my toy, my property, Dani without permission and I
will give you a torment that reaches beyond your worst nightmares. Do you
understand all these conditions pup?&quot;

Arkady gulped loudly, &quot;I understand them totally and
completely Sir.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;Good pup.&quot; He stepped closer to
Arkady, &quot;Answer me this pup, have you been with another man?&quot;

Arkady looked up at him, eyes wide, blushing scarlet.

Darious chuckled deeply, &quot;Answer me pup. Has another
man fucked that ass of yours?&quot;

Arkady blushed harder, shaking then he whispered,
stuttering slightly, &quot;Yes Sir I have indeed had relations with other men
before.&quot; He whispered it so softly it was hard to hear. He was embarrassed
to admit to it in front of Dani and hoped she didn't hear it.

Darious grinned, &quot;Speak up pup. I didn't quite hear
you.&quot;

Arkady cleared his throat and spoke a little bit louder,
&quot;Yes Sir, I have been.&quot;

&quot;How many times pup? Arkady blushed harder, &quot;May
times Sir.&quot; Darious chuckled, &quot;How may times pup? I would like to
know a number so I know just how worked my ass is.&quot; He reached around and
rubbed Arkadys' butt. &quot;I would also like to know just how recent the last
one was.&quot;

Arkady shook harder and involuntarily tightened his ass up.
&quot;I am unsure of an exact number Sir but a close estimate would be around
100 with the most recent being around six months ago.&quot;

Darious nodded, smiling, &quot;So I don't have to worry
about breaking my new ass in. Good pup.&quot; He patted his ass again.

Arkady blushed harder and looked down at the floor, very
embarrassed.

Darious chuckled and stepped to one side of him, &quot;Move
to the center of the room pup.&quot;

Arkady quickly obeyed, face burning and legs shaking so
badly they almost couldn't bear his weight. He stood still, awaiting Darious'
next instruction.

Darious stepped up behind him, &quot;Bend over and grab
your ankles pup. And spread your legs.&quot; Arkady bent over and rested his
hands on his knees, his hair falling around his face hiding his deep red blush.
He spread his legs further apart, feeling slightly humiliated. His hard-on was
still bobbing in front of him, showing no signs of going down.

Darious ran his hand softly down his asscrack, over his
balls then from the base of his cock up the underside to the head. He ran a
claw lightly down the slit then massaged the head between his thumb and
forefinger, feeling his precum wetting the tips of his fingers. He heard Arkady
moan softly and felt his cock start to twitch in his hand. He grinned and
released the head and let his claw lightly trace around the ridge. He felt
Arkadys whole body tense up and start to quiver. He chuckled deeply and looked
over at Dani.

Her eyes were glued to his hand and she was purring loudly.
She looked up at him and licked her lips.

He chuckled deeply and winked at her. He gripped the shaft
tightly and moved his hand up and down it a couple times, feeling the foreskin
slide easily and it throb in his hand. He heard Arkady whimper softly and felt
him tremble. He grinned, &quot;How big is your cock Arkady? It's a very nice
piece of meat.&quot;

Arkady gulped loudly, &quot;I believe its nine inches
Sir.&quot; He was quivering uncontrollably.

Darious nodded, &quot;Very nice pup.&quot; He released his
cock and traced a claw softly down the underside to his balls. He ran his
fingertips lightly over them then cupped them softly in his hand and lifted
them, feeling their weight in his palm. He then let them go and traced a claw
lightly up to his asshole. With the other hand he spread his cheeks apart then
his claw softly tickled then entrance. He grinned as Arkady tensed up and his
asshole clenched tight. He then eased his finger all the way inside up to his
third knuckle.

Arkady arched his hips and pushed back onto his finger,
quaking and shivering then moaned. He ached to grab ahold of his cock and
masturbate to the release his whole body was screaming out for but knew better.

Darious smiled at Arkadys reaction and twisted his finger
side to side, then rubbed his prostate, feeling it throb beneath his fingertip.
He then moved it in and out quick and hard several times before pulling it out.
He released the cheeks and took a step back. &quot;Very nice pup, very nice. A
wonderful new toy for met to use.&quot; He reached down and grasped both of his
cocks and rubbed them against Arkadys cock and balls.

Arkady started quaking harder. He was starting to sweat
profusely, his body quickly becoming coated and glistening in the light.

Darious grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked his head
back. He leaned over his back and whispered, &quot;Do you want release pup?
Does your body scream for it? Arkady gulped loudly, &quot;Yes Sir I most
certainly do wish and crave release.&quot;

Darious chuckled at Arkadys formality. He then said,
&quot;The only way you will get release is if you make me cum. Now how do you
think you will do that pup? Will you use your ass on my cocks or will you suck
them off?&quot; Arkady took a deep breath and tried to speak but couldn't
decide which he wanted more so all that came out was a bunch of half formed
syllables.

Darious chuckled deeply, &quot;I have two cocks se we can
do both if you can't decide pup.'

Arkady blushed up to the roots of his hair and stuttered
louder.

Darious grinned and rubbed his cocks up and down his
asscrack and across his asshole.

Arkady sucked in a great gulp of air and exhaled a ragged
breath then said softly, &quot;I wish to have it in the rear end if it pleases
you Sir.&quot;

Darious chuckled loudly again. &quot;Is that what you want
pup? A hard cock deep in your tight ass? Filling your ass up?&quot;

Arkady moaned softly, &quot;Yes Sir, I prefer it that
way.&quot; Darious stepped back and grabbed a tub of lubricant off a table and
rubbed some on his cocks then stepped back behind Arkady, rubbed one against
his asshole, getting it wet then in one hard, strong stroke buried his cock all
the way up Arkadys' ass to the hilt.

Arkady arched up and squealed loudly at the sudden
intrusion and the searing pain that accompanied it, shaking and shivering
violently.

Darious held still for a couple minutes just grinding deep
into him then started to hammer into him hard and fast.

Arkady moaned loudly and bit his bottom lip to keep from
screaming. It hurt badly but it also felt very good. He started to push back on
Darious trying to get him in deeper. His cock was throbbing and demanding
release.

Darious ground into him harder and started to pound into
him faster, grabbing onto his claws in slightly. He growled, &quot;You will not
cum until I give you specific permission, do you understand me pup?&quot;

Arkady moaned loudly and nodded vigorously, &quot;I indeed
do understand you Sir.&quot;

He ground his cock into Arkadys' ass as hard as he could
before he started to piston into him as hard and fast as he could.

Dani had spread her legs and was playing with her dripping
pussy, rubbing one finger around and over her clit, eyes glued to Darious and
Arkady, not believing what she was seeing but incredibly turned on by the sight
of it.

Darious looked over at her then grinned and chuckled. He
licked his lips, &quot;Like watching this toy? Does it turn you on to watch me
fuck him?&quot; She looked up at him and licked her lips. She chuckled softly,
&quot;Oh yeah, it's really turning me on big time.&quot; She spread her legs
further apart so he could see just how wet her pussy was.

He chuckled deeply then swatted Arkady playfully on the
ass. &quot;Did you hear that Arkady? She likes watching you be my bitch.&quot;
He ground into him had for emphasis.

Arkady whimpered loudly, his face burning, humiliated by
first the fact that the woman he wanted more than anything was watched him
being fucked in the ass by her significant other. Next by the fact that eh was
obviously turned on by it and had asked for it. And finally by the fact that
she was turned on by the whole thing. He was glad he didn't have to look at
her.

Darious grinned at motioned her over. She obeyed quickly,
sliding up to him, standing on her tip toes, kissing him passionately. He
growled and chuckled at her, eyes twinkling. He leaned down and whispered in
her ear so Arkady couldn't hear, &quot;My naughty, naughty toy. Getting so
turned on by this.&quot; He reached down and spread Arkadys' cheeks apart so
she could see his cock sliding in and out of Arkadys' asshole.

Her eyes were glued to the sight and she moaned softly. She
looked at him so turned on her eyes had changed. She reached down under Arkady
and stroked up and down his other cock.

He groaned and looked at her, eyes glowing brightly.
&quot;Such a naughty toy.&quot; He chuckled. He ground hard into Arkady,
eliciting a squeal from him. He leaned down and kissed her passionately,
wrapped his tongue around hers, pulling it into his mouth. He nipped her bottom
lip gently with his fangs.

She pressed tightly against him, moaning into his mouth.
She gripped his cock tighter. Her tail slowly emerged.

He broke off the kiss and looked down at her. He then
leaned down and whispered in her ear. &quot;I know how much my toy likes to
suck cock. Would you like to suck his cock while I fuck him?&quot;

She pressed tighter to him. &quot;I would like that a lot
Darious but I would rather suck yours.&quot;

He chuckled, &quot;You are such a good toy. If you suck his
cock now when he's asleep you can suck and fuck both of mine all night long if
you want.&quot; He chuckled deeply again, &quot;Besides, I have one that is yet
unoccupied. And a tail.&quot;

She licked at him and licked her lips, her fangs now
elongated and her ears visible. &quot;Yes Darious.&quot; She kissed him quickly
then stepped behind him and sat down then slid underneath him. She turned on
her back and licked oh her back and licked Arkadys cock all over before she
lowered her mouth all the way down onto it and started moving it up and down.
She reached up between Arkadys asscheeks and ran to fingers over his stretched
asshole, straddling Darious' cock, rubbing on it as it slid in and out.

Arkady let out a strangled cry as her lips closed over his
turgid cock. He had almost exploded in hr mouth but was able to stop it but it
took all his self control to do so. He looked down and watched his cock slide
in and out of her mouth, whimpering loudly, his cock twitching.

Darious grinned and started slamming into him as hard as he
could. &quot;Like her sucking your cock pup? Never thought in your wildest
dreams she'd be doing that did you?&quot; Arkady let out a strangled cry,
desperately trying to hold onto his load. &quot;Oh my, it feels so good
Sir!&quot; He moaned loudly.

Darious let out a loud roar then started to spray Arkadys'
bowels with his cum, growling loudly.

Arkady cried out in pain as his ice cold cum started
shooting into him, shivering.

When he finished cumming he pulled out and quickly slammed
the other one in, hardly missing a stroke, then resumed fucking him hard and
fast. He ground into him hard, then growled. &quot;Don't you dare cum yet pup.
You have to make my other cock cum before you'll be allowed to.&quot; He
swatted Arkady on the ass. &quot;Come on pup, fucks my cock!&quot; He growled.

Arkadys eyes were screwed tightly shut and his teeth were
gritted trying to maintain his self control. He was able to keep from cumming
but his tail emerged and stood straight out. He reached down and put his hand
on Danis' head and started thrusting into her mouth then out, slamming back
onto Darious' cock, moaning wildly.

Darious continued fucking him, looking down and watching
Dani sucking him, trying to cum before he was told he could, her hand between
her legs, playing with her dripping slit. He grinned and let his tail snake
between her legs and first twitched the end against the outside of her pussy
before sliding deep inside and then started to fuck her with it. He saw her
tense up, heard her moaned and felt her pussy tighten down on it. He reached
out and rubbed around the base of Arkadys tail.

Arkady whimpered and whined until he felt her moan on his
dick then he let out a loud howl, shaking all over.

Darious chuckled deeply. He pulled his tail out of Danis'
pussy and slid it deep into her ass and started fucking her with it.

She slammed down on it, whimpering. Her finger was working
on her clit faster.

Arkady was slamming into her mouth and bucking back on
Darious, howling and growling loudly, almost out of control.

Darious grinned and slammed extra hard into his ass and
ground his cock around hard. &quot;My cocks feel good in your add don't they
pup?&quot;

Arkady growled loudly, &quot;Oh yes Sir they feel so very
good in me!&quot; He moaned.

Darious growled, &quot;Beg me to let you release. Beg
pup!&quot;

Arkady threw his back and moaned loudly, &quot;Please Sir
may I have release, I crave it so. Please allow it Sir.&quot;

Darious threw his head back and howled loud enough to make
the walls shake then started to shoot deep into Arkadys ass, &quot;Cum
pup!&quot; He roared.

Arkady let out a strangled cry, shoved his cock all the way
into Danis' mouth, held on tightly to her head and started to flood her mouth,
shaking and shivering.

When he finished cumming, Darious pulled his cock out and
thrust two fingers deep into his ass and rubbed his prostate hard and fast.

Arkady was cumming so hard he though he was going to either
pass out or lose all self control and shift, his vision was blurred and he was
getting light headed.

Dani was trying to swallow all of what Arkady was shooting
in her mouth but there was so much of it that it was dribbling out of her mouth
and running down her chin.

When he finished cumming he was able to get her mouth off
and her out of the way before his knees gave out and he collapsed to the floor,
panting and whimpering.

Darious stepped back and looked at Arkady, grinning. He
stepped over to Dani, picked her up and held her tight to him. He nuzzled the
side of her face softly and nipped her ear gently, &quot;Is my toy turned
on?&quot; She purred loudly, &quot;Very Darious.&quot;

He stood her up in front of him and stroked her hair
softly. He looked over at Arkady. He had recovered a bit and was sitting up,
watching them. &quot;Come here put and get on your knees behind Dani.&quot;

Arkady quickly obeyed, looking up at Darious, awaiting his
next order.

Darious kissed her passionately, wrapping his tongue around
hers. He started running his hands down her back until he reached her ass. He
gave each cheek a hard swat, hearing her moans softly then rubbed them. He then
spread her cheeks wide apart. He looked down at Arkady, &quot;Lick her asshole.
Do it good so it's nice and wet when I fuck it.&quot;

Arkady leaned forward and started to softly lick her
asshole, burying his face between her cheeks.

She moaned loudly and pressed tightly to Darious, her legs
started shaking. She pressed her ass back harder onto Arkadys' face.
&quot;Harder please Arkady.&quot; She moaned.

Darious held her tighter to him and started to rub both his
cocks against her pussy. He watched Arkady closely then reached down and put
his hand on the back of his head, pushing his face tighter to Danis' ass.
&quot;Lick it hard pup, do as she says.&quot; He growled.

Arkady pressed his tongue harder against her ass, licking
it. Every so often flicking it against the opening.

She moaned loudly, quivering all over, looking up at
Darious, and licking her fangs, eyes begging him.

He stroked up and down her back, grinding his cocks against
her pussy harder, letting her juices coat them. He watched Arkady closely,
&quot;Very good pup. Now, stick your tongue in her ass. Fuck her asshole with
your tongue.&quot;

Arkady stiffened his tongue up then thrust it as far up
into her ass as he could. He wiggled it around, eliciting several loud moans
and squeals from her before starting to move it in and out.

She leaned her head forward and rested her head on Darious'
chest, clutching onto him tightly, moaning and whimpering.

Darious chuckled, stroking her hair softly. He then grabbed
a handful of it and pulled her head back, looking down into her eyes.
&quot;Like Arkadys' tongue up your ass toy? Does it feel good?&quot;

&quot;Oh yes! It feels fantastic!&quot; She looked up at
him, eyes cloudy.

He grinned down at her, &quot;I guess I'll have to remember
that won't I? Maybe next time I'll use my tongue on it. What do you
think?&quot; He flicked it out at her, chuckling evilly when she moaned loudly
and her eyes rolled back in her head. He clutched her tighter to him then
leaned down and whispered in her ear, &quot;Do you want to feel more of
Arkadys' tongue or would you rather feel my cocks? She shuddered violently and
whimpered, &quot;I'd rather feel your cocks Darious.&quot;

He kissed her roughly then pulled away. He stepped behind
Arkady and watched his tongue slide in and out of her for a couple minutes then
said, &quot;Stand up and back away pup.&quot; Arkady obeyed quickly, standing
up on his shaking legs, her juices covering his face. He licked his lips and
looked at Darious.

Darious nodded at him, &quot;Good job pup, I am
pleased.&quot; He then turned his attention back to Dani. &quot;Get down on all
fours toy.&quot;

She quickly did, her tail standing straight up in the air,
looking at him.

He got down on his knees behind her, rubbed his cocks
against both her holes then buried them deep into her and started fucking her
fast and deep.

She howled loudly and pushed back onto him, loving it.

He looked over at Arkady. He was standing there watching
them, his hard-on standing straight out in front of him, already leaking
pre-cum. Darious grinned,&quot; Come here Arkady.&quot;

Arkady quickly stepped to Darious' side and looked down,
watching his cocks slide in and out of Dani. He li9cked his lips and looked at
Darious.

Darious chuckled evilly, reached out to stroke his cock a
couple times. &quot;My, my, my, so turned on pup. What is it that's got you so
turned on?&quot;

Arkady gulped loudly and started to shiver slightly,
&quot;Watching you having relations with M'Lady is what is doing it Sir.&quot;
Darious grinned, &quot;Having relations? Such formality pup. You mean me
fucking her don't you?&quot;

Arkady lowered his eyes, &quot;Yes Sire, indeed that is
what I mean.&quot;

Darious chuckled and swatted Dani hard on the ass,
&quot;Did you hear that toy? Arkadys' turned on by watching us fuck. Does it
turn you on to have him watch us?&quot;

She looked back at him, eyes half lidded. &quot;Oh yes, it
turns me on a lot.&quot;

Darious ground into her hard, &quot;Such a naughty
slut.&quot;

Arkady flinched slightly to hear her referred to in such a
manner.

Darious saw his reaction and grinned, &quot;Don't like me
calling her that pup? Better get used to it because she is my slut just like
you are.&quot; He reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair, &quot;That's
right isn't it toy? You're my slut aren't you?&quot; She whimpered loudly,
&quot;Yes M'Lord I'm your slut.&quot;

He swatted her on the ass again, &quot;Very good toy. What
else are you?&quot; &quot;She moaned and looked over her shoulder at him,
&quot;Your whore.&quot;

&quot;That's right. What else?&quot; &quot;Your
bitch.&quot;

&quot;What else?&quot;

&quot;Your toy.&quot;

&quot;What else?&quot;

&quot;Your pet kitty cat.&quot;

He caressed her ass, &quot;Very good toy.&quot; He looked
at Arkady and grinned. &quot;So you like to watch? Get behind me and lick my
balls, that should give you a closer view.&quot; He spread his legs further
apart and draped his tail over his thigh.

Arkady got behind him and lay down then slid between
Darious' legs and started to softly run his tongue over his balls. Looking up
and watching his cocks slide in and out of her.

Darious looked down ant watched Arkady as he slid his cocks
in and out of her. She was wiggling all over the place, moaning and whimpering,
looking back at him, licking her fangs, obviously hungry. He slid his tail
under her and tickled her lips with the tip of it.

She started to suck on it roughly then sank her fangs into
it and started sucking, getting both blood and cum out of it.

He groaned loudly, &quot;Bite down toy, get all you want
and need.&quot; His cocks both starting to throb in her.

She looked back at him, eyes cloudy, blood and cum dripping
down her chin. &quot;Make them grow in me. Make them fill me up and stretch me
out please Darious, please. Stretch me until it hurts!&quot;

Darious growled loudly, making both of them lengthen and
thicken, stretching her as far as she could take, slamming in and out of her
hard.

She howled at the top of her lungs, then shifted fully, sinking
her fangs back into his tail, feeding. Her tail snaked back and the furry tip
of it tickled Arkadys' cock and balls.

Arkady started shaking and shivering, his cock throbbing.
He was sucking on Darious' balls moaning softly.

Darious swatted her, hard, on the ass and started to shoot
deep into her ass and pussy. He reached between her legs and pinched her clit,
rolling it between his fingers.

She threw her head back and howled, &quot;Yes!&quot; at the
top of her lungs and started to cum. Flooding Darious' cock and Arkadys face,
quivering all over.

Darious growled loudly, leaned forward and sunk his fangs
into her shoulder still slamming into her.

When she finished cumming she collapsed forward on her
forearms panting, whimpering and shaking all over, looking back at him.

Darious let his cocks slide out of her, still rock hard
then stood up. &quot;Stay in that position toy.&quot; He then stepped back and
looked down at Arkady.

Arkady looked up at him, panting, his cock throbbing.

Darious grinned, &quot;Use your tongue and clean Danis'
cunt and ass.&quot;

Arkady got up behind her and stuck his tongue deep into her
pussy and started lapping up her juices and Darious' cum. His cock was hanging
long and hard between his legs, throbbing and twitching. When he finished with
her pussy he did the same to her ass. When he finished he leaned back on his
haunches and looked at Darious, whining softly. His face covered with her
juices and his cum.

Darious looked at him, eyes glowing. &quot;Come here
toy.&quot; He held out his hand to her/

She stood up and took his hand, looking up at him.

He pulled her close, hugging her tightly, stroking her hair
softly. &quot;You are such a good toy.&quot; He kissed the top of her head. He
then looked at Arkady. &quot;Do you want release pup? Arkady panted, &quot;Yes,
I most certainly do crave it Sir, if it pleases you.&quot;

&quot;Make yourself cum.&quot; Darious said. He hugged Dani
tighter to him.

Arkady wrapped his meaty hand around his swollen cock and
started moving it up and down fast. It only took about a minute before he threw
his head back, howled and started shooting all over.

Dani nuzzled him softly watching Arkady. He held her tight.
When he saw Arkady was finished he said, &quot;Lick up your mess pup.&quot;

Arkady quickly obeyed then looked up at him.

Darious nodded, &quot;You are doing very well pup. That
will be all for you tonight. Shift to lupine and follow me. We're going to
bed.&quot; He picked Dani up and held her close then walked to the door.

Arkady shifted and quickly followed, yawning.

Chapter 19

&#65279; 

After looking around the house, he found her stretched out on
the sofa, flipping through the TV channels, her tail draped over the back of
the sofa swishing lazily back and forth. He watched her for a couple minutes,
smiling, leaning against the door jam. He then walked over as quiet as he could
and gave her tail a gentle tug.

She looked up and smiled at him then sat up, purring
softly, tail swishing back and forth faster.

He sat down on the back of the sofa and stroked her hair
softly, hearing her purr happily. Smiling down at her, he said, &quot;Toy? I
have a meeting to go to tonight.&quot;

She rested her head on his knee and looked up at him,
&quot;When will you be back?&quot;

He put a finger under his chin and lifted head,
&quot;You're going to go with me toy.&quot;

She looked at him, puzzled, &quot;Why? You never take me to
meetings with you.&quot;

He tickled her chin gently, hearing her giggle softly, and
then he smiled down at her, &quot;I guess you could say it's required this
time.&quot;

She looked up at him quizzically, &quot;Required? Just what
kind of meeting is this anyway?&quot;

Stroking her hair softly, he said, voice calm and smooth,
&quot;It's a meeting of my kind. We each bring one of our toys for something
akin to show and tell you might say. It's all harmless.&quot;

Blanching, she turned white and shook her head vigorously.
&quot;A meeting of demons? I don't want to go, no way, uh uh!&quot;

He grasped her chin lightly and had her look up at him then
said softly, &quot;You have to go toy. It's a fact that the demon with the most
powerful toy has more power. Without one you are scoffed, ridiculed and just
not listened to. Consider it this way, you might learn a new respect and
greater understanding of what my kind are like and just how we do things.&quot;

She sighed deeply and looked away, &quot;I can understand
that but there are going to be problems with me and what I am, you know
that.&quot;

He brushed a lock of hair back from her forehead,
&quot;Whatever problems arise I'll handle them, never fear.&quot;

Sighing deeply, she said, &quot;You know it's going to
cause an almost riot.&quot;

He nodded, knowing very well when the rest of his kind
found out what she was there were going to be problems, big ones. But he spoke
softly, &quot;Yes, there will be, I admit that. But I'll handle them according
to our laws. You have nothing to fear toy, no harm will come to you and no one
will touch you. Anyone who challenges me on those points will lose miserably.
Do you understand?&quot;

She nodded miserably then sighed softly but couldn't meet
his eyes. &quot;I understand Darious, I don't like it but I understand.&quot;

He stroked her cheek softly, &quot;Look at me toy.&quot;
She looked up at him, eyes miserable. He smiled at her, &quot;Do you want me to
command you to go?&quot;

She lowered her eyes and sighed, &quot;No.&quot;

He slid down onto the sofa beside her, being careful not to
sit on her tail, the put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her close,
kissing her on the forehead, &quot;I'm asking you toy.&quot;

She nuzzled him softly with her cheek, &quot;Do you promise
to keep them away from me?&quot;

He stroked her back gently, &quot;You have my word that
they will stay away from you.&quot;

She sighed again, &quot;Alright, I agree to go but very
reluctantly.&quot;

He hugged her tightly to his chest, &quot;Thank you toy.
Besides dear heart, this might open your eyes to how our lexicon and give you
more information about us. It also may make it easier for you to better deal
with my kind. You know being with me you'll eventually have to deal with other
demons and this may give you the education and tools to do so.&quot;

She cuddled up to him. She didn't like this at all and it
showed, it made her VERY uncomfortable. &quot;OK.&quot; She sighed deeply and
closed her eyes.

He kissed the top of her head and stroked her hair. She was
reluctant and tense with good reason to be and he was trying his best to put
her at ease. &quot;If you go I'll give you a nice reward when we get home
tonight.&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;Really? What kind of
reward?&quot;

He pushed her down, gently, until her head was resting in
his lap and he softly rubbed her stomach, smiling at her. &quot;I'll spank you
just how you like having it done, nice and rough. I'll let you have the kind of
fun you like. Plus, I'll let you be a brat for a week without
repercussions.&quot; He saw her smile and tickled her softly, hearing her
giggle. &quot;I do need you to wear your leash and collar tonight, not to
degrade or humiliate you but to show you're mine is all. OK toy?&quot; He
tickled her stomach some more.

She giggled louder and looked up at him, smiling,
&quot;Alright.&quot;

Smiling down at her, he stroked her stomach softly,
&quot;There is one thing I do need to do but I know you'll like it.&quot;
Leaning down he sunk his fangs deep into her neck, marking her as his. Then he
sat her up on his lap and snuggled her to him for a while before laying her
face down a crossed his lap, pulling her panties off and spanking her, hard,
leaning bruises and welts just how she like it, until she came, hard.

That night was a flurry of activity as they got ready to
go. He had picked out her black leather cat suit and thigh high black leather
boots for her to wear. It fit her like a second skin and showed her figure off
perfectly. He put her leather studded dog collar on but put the leash in the pocket
of his suit.

He had hired a limo for the evening as a show of his power
and hers. They rode to the meeting with her curled up on his lap, shivering
slightly. He cuddled and stroked on her, trying to comfort her and alleviate
her fears the best he could.

The limo pulled up in front of a dilapidated warehouse.
Before he got out he attached her leash to her collar and kissed her tenderly.
Then he got out and led her into the warehouse. The guards stopped him at the
inner doors that led to the meeting itself. The bigger one of the two, Ritken,
chuckled, &quot;I thought you had been sent back to hell?&quot;

Glaring at him, Darious replied in short, clipped tones,
&quot;I was in hell but was brought back.&quot; Dani was staying behind him,
not wanting to look at the guards.

The littler guard, Lapstin, looked at him warily, &quot;I'm
not sure I believe you. PROVE you are Lord Darious.&quot;

Glaring at him, Darious shifted fully then said, voice deep
and resonant, &quot;Do you doubt now?&quot;

She clutched his arm tightly, staying behind him the best
she could, trying to avoid notice.

Shifting back, glaring at the guards, holding her leash, he
softly stroked her hair, trying to calm her.

Rifkin nodded at him, &quot;No doubts but we were just
doing our jobs.&quot; He then spied Dani and eyed her up and down, &quot;What
is that?&quot;

Darious looked coolly at him, &quot;My toy. Is there a
problem?&quot;

Rifkin chuckled deeply, &quot;You have a human for a
toy?&quot;

Darious grinned big, &quot;She's not quite human.&quot;

She clung to him as they opened the doors to let them in.
He put his arm around her and held her close.

The noise inside was horrible. The other demons toys were
going crazy, howling and whimpering. Several were actively trying to get away.
Several muttered in panic as her and Darious walked by and he greeted their
masters. The demons were wither screaming at their toys to behave or just
looked at them, totally bewildered. The demon master of a vampire, Ceramath,
who was doing his best to find a way to escape, yanked the powerful dark master
closer to him by his leash, &quot;What the fuck is your problem slave?&quot;

The vampire, Roberto, point to her, quivering.

Ceramath looked at her then back to Roberto, &quot;Since
when are you afraid of a human, leech?&quot;

Darious smiled and chuckled deeply, eyes twinkling,
&quot;She's not quite human and your pet has much to fear from here.&quot; Dani
clung to his arm, eyes lowered, trying to remain unobtrusive.

The head of the meeting, Baelsmashp, stepped forward and
looked her up and down then turned to Darious, &quot;She looks entirely human
to me but you say not quite, so just what is she then?&quot; He crossed his
arms over his chest and glared at Darious.

Chuckling again, &quot;Toy,&quot; he said, stroking her
hair softly &quot;is the rarest of the rare, as well as the most powerful
anywhere.&quot;

Baelsmashp wasn't buying any of it, &quot;You didn't answer
me Lord Darious, and just what is she then?&quot;

Darious looked down at Dani, smiling, &quot;Toy? Show them
just what you are. Shift.&quot; He said to her softly, stroking her hair.

She gave him a pleading look that seemed to say do I have
to.

Giving her a stern, no nonsense look he said again,
&quot;Shift to glaberal toy.&quot;

Sighing deeply she looked down and shifted enough to where
her fangs, ears, eyes, claws and tail were visible then looked up at Darious,
tail swishing back and forth.

Baelsmashp stepped closer and looked at her, in awe,
&quot;Well I'll be dipped in shit! She is a she-devil! I've only heard of them,
never seen one before.&quot;

She clung to Darious arm tightly; her tail wrapped around
his leg and tried to inch away, not at all liking the close examination of the
demon.

Walking around her Baelsmashp looked her up and down
closely then addressed Darious, &quot;How long have you had her? And why
haven't we seen her before?&quot;

Looking at him, Darious said, &quot;We've been together for
85 years and I have not brought her out because I do no wish to deal with the
problems that would arise.&quot; His manner and voice had grown cool, a signal
that he wished for the conversation to end.

Nodding, Baelsmashp stepped back and announced it was time
to start to meeting.

They all fully shifted and assembled around the long table.
Dani curled up on Darious' lap, her tail wrapped down his let, staying low so
she could keep herself out of the line of everyone's sight. He leaned back and
softly stroked a hand up and down her back, feeling her body tremble from
nerves.

Baelsmashp shifting in his hair at the head of the table,
getting comfortable then commenced, &quot;Alright, the meeting is in order.
What we need to discuss is about us demons coming out as they say and let it be
known for what we are. Since we haven't heard from Lord Lucifer himself on the
subject we'll discuss it amongst ourselves and I will give him our
findings.&quot;

Lowriche leaned back in his chair and looked around,
&quot;Do you think it's the right time to come out, if at all?&quot;

Azzzmir slammed his fist on the table, &quot;I say we come
out now. It would create the maximum chaos and we could watch the frail mortals
cringe in fear!&quot;

Korbola nodded, &quot;Yes, reveal ourselves now. We can
bask in the chaos and fear then reap and plunder the poor mortals while the
chaos is at its zenith.&quot;

Cerath shook his head in disagreement, &quot;I disagree. I
think we should wait and see how it goes with the lesser dark creatures before
we think about it.&quot;

Azzzmir glared at him and shook his finger, &quot;You're
now showing your weakness by being to cautious.&quot;

Cerath leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over
his chest, &quot;I am neither being overly cautious nor being weak. I think it
would be prudent to see the reaction to the current situation and gauge what
would happen if and when we decided to make ourselves known.&quot;

Korbola laughed long and loud, &quot;Losing your taste for
chaos and fear? Has living around the mortals made you soft?&quot;

Darious steepled his fingers and looked around the table,
eyes cold. &quot;All of you need to calm down. It doesn't matter what your
preference is one way or another because discussing coming out or not is
irrelevant since we haven't received word from Lord Lucifer about it. I suggest
we stay in hiding until at least the darklings get their mess together. It is
too chaotic right now since dark creatures have been so romanticized by books
and movies. Do you want that to happen to us and to have all the religious
fanatics out there to try and send you back to hell or to give you no peace or
time to do your work?: He looked around the table again, &quot;There is a
danger of me being outed for what I am so why not wait and see what the
reaction is to me from the mortals then make a decision.&quot;

She nipped at his leg a little to try and express that she
wasn't very happy with what he just said.

He looked down at her, giving her a look that said 'you
know who I'm talking about'. She sighed and rested her head on the arm of the
chair.

Baelsmashp slammed his fist onto the table hard enough to
make it jump and roared, &quot;What do you mean in danger of being found
out?&quot;

Darious looked at him calmly, &quot;I mean the she-devils
know who and what I am up to the highest echelon of their council. It may slip
out is what I'm saying.&quot;

Baelsmashp growled loudly, his eyes glowing, &quot;Isn't
there a way to keep their mouths shut? Can't you kill them or something?&quot;

Danis' head shot up, eyes starting to flash.

Darious looked down at her and gave her a warning look
before she said or did anything that might cause trouble. She lay back down but
her ears remained perked up and twitching. He stroked her back softly and said,
face remaining calm, &quot;Destroy an entire race? Not a viable option.
Besides, unlike leeches or dogs they are truly immortal.&quot; He grinned
evilly at Baelsmashp, &quot;If you think you have balls enough to pick a fight
with one, go for it and see what happens. She'll kill you faster than you can
say Beelzebub and you'll be back in hell wondering what happened. They are not
a species to be taken lightly.&quot;

Azzzmir laughed heartily, &quot;What? A cute little kitten
hurt a demon?&quot; He reached over and yanked her tail for emphasis.

Before she even thought about it she howled loudly and
turned so fast it was a blur then slashed him across the face with her claws,
leaving behind five bloody and gaping wounds. She then sat back on Darious'
lap, growling and snarling, fangs bared.

Darious grabbed her around the middle, holding her tightly.

Howling loudly, Azzzmir put his hand to his face, glaring
at her. He snarled, &quot;Control your kitten Darious!&quot;

Darious glared at him, eyes glowing bright red, &quot;How
DARE you touch that which is mine! Consider yourself lucky she just clawed you
instead of disemboweling you like she normally would have or sending you
home.&quot;

There was a lot of laughter and chuckling around the table
after the surprise died down. One wit even asked if the scratches hurt.

Darious stroked her back softly, trying to calm her, still
starting at Azzzmir, &quot;She was only protecting that which is mine and be
advised not to touch her again or you will get more than a scratch across the
face.&quot;

Azzzmir stood and stepped closer, &quot;Your kitten touched
a Master and needs punished for an act that is wholly unacceptable.&quot; He
hauled back and backhanded Dani so hard across the face that if she had been
human she would have lost most of her teeth.

Again, her instinct kicked in and she shifted so fast and
was out of the chair, on him that it was a blur. Darious couldn't have stopped
her if he had tried. She buried her claws in Azzzmirs soft belly and ripped
upwards until she reached his heart. She ripped it out of his chest, still
beating, and then ate it. With one quick violent slash of her claws she
decapitated him. Standing back, she watched the body turn to mist and drift
slowly back down to hell. Then she sifted back to glaberal and slunk back to
Darious, crawling into his lap tentatively, thinking she was in a great deal of
trouble.

He stroked her back softly then scratched one finger under
her chin. &quot;You did very well toy. You protected what is mine.&quot;

Ceramath stood abruptly, put his hands on the table and
looked around, obviously infuriated. &quot;She just destroyed one of our
brethren; therefore she must forfeit her own life to make up for it!&quot;

Darious looked at him sternly but remained calm, &quot;She
did what I told her to do to protect my property. As you saw our dearly
departed brother did not ask to touch what is mine so he paid the ultimate
price for doing so.&quot; He held onto her leash tightly and put his hand over
her mouth to prevent her from saying anything that would aggravate the
situation even more. He then leaned forward and whispered in her ear,
&quot;Calm now toy, I'll handle this, never fear.&quot;

She calmed down a little then snuggled down into his lap,
still hissing and growling softly, tail swishing back and forth purposefully.

Ceramath stared at Darious, &quot;I don't give a shit
whether or not she was following your commands, she forfeited herself!&quot;

Darious stood up and put her gently on the chair then faced
Ceramath, &quot;If you're demon enough to take her from me then try. But mind
you this, if you lose all that is yours becomes mine.&quot;

Ceramath stood up straighter and spoke in a commanding
voice, &quot;So be it! I accept your challenge.&quot;

A space was cleared on the floor for the battle. Darious'
tail grew rattles of a snake and a poisonous barb she had never seen before.
They then commenced to fighting, using fists, feet, wings, claws and tails. It
took about an hour but Darious finally stood alone, victorious.

Turning to the rest of the group, still angry and in a deep
commanding voice Darious said, &quot;I claim what was Azzzmirs' and Ceramaths,
all of it! If anyone else has a problem with how I deal with my toy then I
suggest you step forward and try to convince me of it.&quot;

The rest of the demons said nothing so Darious nodded,
&quot;So be it.&quot; He sat back in his chair and pulled Dani into his lap and
held her close, glaring at the other demons.

She snuggled up close to him, purring softly then started
to softly lick his wounds closed.

Darious stroked her head softly then looked over to Marcus,
the werewolf toy, and Roberto, &quot;Come here now or my toy will be on
you!&quot;

Both obeyed quickly, standing by Darious, quaking and
shivering, looking at the floor.

Looking them up and down critically, he softly stroked up
and down Danis' back, &quot;What use will you be to me? Tell me that and you
had better make it good.&quot;

Both stuttered and stammered out their qualifications
quickly.

Darious looked down at Dani, &quot;What say you toy?&quot;

Her tail swished back and forth briskly, &quot;The werewolf
might make a good servant.&quot; Staring at Marcus, she grinned, &quot;After
he's been neutered of course.&quot; Her eyes turned to Roberto, &quot;Vampires
are good for nothing.&quot; She sneered.

Darious looked at the pale, shaking Marcus. &quot;I guess
wolves do have their uses. A pooch for the foot of the bed and can talk to his
own kind.&quot; He looked over at Roberto, a powerful dark master hundreds of
years old, and sneered, &quot;You are a leech and a detriment. What uses do you
have other than destruction and the ability to make more like yourself?&quot;
He then looked down at Dani and patted her ass, &quot;Have fun and destroy him
toy.&quot;

She giggled evilly then shifted to feline form and leapt
upon the vampire, ripping his throat out. Then she ripped his chest open and
ate the heart like they always did, absorbing the powers of the kill. Then she
sat back and watched him turn to dust. Looking back at Darious, her tail
swished happily.

He chuckled and patted his lap then turned to Marcus,
&quot;Shift and lay by my chair like a good pup.&quot;

Quickly shifting to lupine form, Marcus lay down, whining
softly, shivering all over.

Dani came back over to Darious, tail held high, strutting.
Before she jumped back into his lap she kissed at Marcus and slashed each side
of his muzzle with her claws, letting him know his place, leaving bloody
slashes, causing him to yelp loudly. She then jumped into Darious' lap, purring
happily, nuzzling his chest with her head.

Darious petted her softly and gave everyone around the
table a cold look. &quot;Now that the nights entertainment is done let's get
the business over with.&quot;

Baelsmashp cleared his throat and called the meeting back
to order then started the discussion once again.

Dani was in his lap batting his tail around and playing
with his hands. Every so often she would look down at Marcus and his, causing
him to shiver and whine all over again.

Darious petted her softly, &quot;Kitty it is hard to
conduct business with you hissing at our toy.&quot;

She looked up at him, ears twitching at the word OUR then
curled up to take a short nap in his lap.

When the meeting deteriorated into another shouting match
Darious had enough. He slammed his fist onto the table, causing everyone to get
quiet and Dani to look up at him, blinking. &quot;I've had ENOUGH!&quot; He
roared. &quot;I'm leaving since we are doing nothing but arguing about a moot
point. Do as you please.&quot; He got up and led her out by the leash motioning
for Marcus to follow.

When they got to the limo he turned to Marcus and told him
to shift back to human form. Doing so quickly, he stood there, looking down.
Darious stepped closer to him and sated, &quot;You have tonight to getyour
belongings together, set your affairs in order and gather your old masters
business accounts and papers together then be at my house at 9 A.M. sharp.
&quot; He gave him the address and a hard look. &quot;If you are not there I'll
send my kitty to find you and drag you to me by the tail. Understand
slave?&quot;

Marcus nodded, gulping loudly.

Darious nodded then got into the limo with Dani bounding in
after him once she gave Marcus a dirty look and a hiss.

She crawled across his feet and plastered herself to the
floor board as far away from him as she could, keeping her eyes lowered. She
thought for sure, despite his actions prior, she would be in trouble for what
she had done.

He looked down at her, face passive. He watched her quietly
for a couple minutes then addressed her, voice deep and commanding,
&quot;Kitty.&quot;

She looked up at him, ears lowered and reowed softly, tail
drooped down.

He pointed to his lap, &quot;Now!&quot;

She slunk over to him on her belly and crawled into his
lap, not looking up at him.

Looking down at her quiet for a minute, he then started to
scratch her cheeks and behind her ears, just how she liked it.

She looked up at him, blinking rapidly.

He smiled, &quot;You did good toy. Just how I want you to
act when someone does something like that to you.&quot;

She reowed up at him, bewildered and in shock.

He rubbed her head softly, &quot;I'm proud of you.&quot; He
spent the rest of the ride home wrestling around and playing with her.

Chapter 20

&#65279; 

At precisely 9 A.M. he rang their doorbell. He stood there,
quaking, with a duffle bag slung over one shoulder, waiting.

Dani answered, glaring at him then yelled for Darious,
&quot;You new slave is here.&quot; When he joined her she glared at Marcus
again and said, &quot;I'll go call the vet and schedule his neuter.&quot;

Darious chuckled deeply and patted her on the butt,
&quot;Go easy on him toy, it's his first day.&quot;

Marcus stood rooted to the spot, shaking, looking from one
to the other, not sure if she was serious or not.

Darious was in human form to put him more at ease. He gestured
him inside then to follow him into the living room. As he passed Dani he gave
her a playful swat on the ass, making her giggle. Gesturing to the sofa he
said, &quot;Have a seat Marcus.&quot; Then he settled himself into his chair.
&quot;Would you like a drink?&quot;

Marcus seated himself on the very edge of the sofa and
shook his head no. His stomach was clenched tight from nervousness and if he
poured a drink on it he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he would puke all
over the place. Not a great way to start with a new master, especially with one
that had someone with him that already seemed to loathe him.

Darious nodded. Dani slunk over and plopped on his lap,
curling up, keeping a close eye on Marcus. Darious absently stroked her back,
looking at the hulking werewolf seated by him. &quot;Let's get down to business
then, shall we? You are I and Danis' slave. We share you. You WILL follow our
orders totally and without question.&quot; He pointed to the coffee table in
front of the sofa. On it laid two leather wrist cuffs and a loincloth like
Arkadys. &quot;That is you uniform. You will wear it at all times except when
we have company. The wrist cuffs will be worn at all times, even around
company, to remind you of your station around here.

&quot;You will call me Master in the house, outside the
house it will be Sir. Dani will be Miss or Miss Dani. You will treat her with
the same respect you afford me at all times. An order from her is coming from
me. Follow me so far?&quot;

Marcus gulped loudly and nodded, shivering violently.

Darious Nodded as well, &quot;Good. You are here to serve
to your fullest abilities and I expect no less from you. If you do not I will
be displeased and punish you. Do good and you will be rewarded. You will ask my
permission for EVERYTHING except to breathe.&quot; He grinned evilly, hearing
Dani giggle. Looking hard at Marcus, he then asked for his old masters accounts
and business records.

Marcus quickly handed them over, nervous and shaking.

Darious quickly thumbed through them, making sure
everything was there. When he found them to be so he nodded and set them aside.
&quot;Very good pup. Now, let's continue on. You will sleep at the foot of my
and Danis' bed on the floor in lupine form. If you piss me off you will be
sleeping in the backyard in the kennel.&quot;

Gulping, Marcus nodded again, eyes growing wider with each
passing sentence. If he had thought life with his old master was hard, Darious
was proving it was to be a cake walk compared to this.

Darious started running Danis' tail through his fingers,
feeling her loud purrs shake his body, then looked hard at Marcus. &quot;You
will be in Arkadys' care; he will teach you your duties and tasks around here.
You will treat him with respect and call him Mr. Arkady. He is my sub not a
slave like you. You are a slave, the last in line. Understand me?&quot;

Nodding, totally petrified, Marcus didn't think he could
speak if he wanted to.

Darious then gave him a hard, cold look. &quot;Piss me off
or displease me greatly and I will allow her to neuter you.&quot;

Dani glared over at Marcus, her territorial instincts in
high gear, said, &quot;I think you should do it now and save problems later
on.&quot;

Marcus started shaking all over and stared at her, sweating
profusely.

Grinning down at her, Darious rubbed her back softly,
&quot;Easy toy.&quot; He then glared over at Marcus. &quot;One last thing, and
you had better remember this above all else, you touch her or even THINK about
it I'll skin you and use your pelt as a blanket. Do you understand me
slave?&quot;

Nodding vigorously, Marcus said, in a soft, quivering
voice, &quot;I understand fully Master.&quot;

Darious nodded again. &quot;Very good. I will now turn you
over to Arkady.&quot;

Chapter 22

&#65279; 

It was really late at night as she lay there, awake,
shivering in pain, curled up in a fetal position. Darious was asleep beside
her, breathing deeply. Arkady was curled up at the foot of the bed in lupine
form, snoring that blurry dog snore. Marcus was sprawled on the floor at the
foot of the bed, all stretched out, his paws twitching as he dreamed.

She lay there, shivering for around a half an hour before
she decided to go downstairs. Easing herself out of bed as quietly as she
could, trying not to wake up anyone, then she headed downstairs, quietly. Over
the last month or so she hadn't been feeling quite right. At first it was
nothing she could put her finger on, just rather out of sorts. But in the last
couple of weeks some strange symptoms had been manifesting themselves. Her skin
had become ultra sensitive to the touch. Her clothes and such were feeling like
sandpaper against her skin. Her muscles at first were just sore, like she had
worked out more than normal and they were stiff and sore. But that had also
progressed to they were spasming softly most of the time, twitching and making
her highly uncomfortable. Her back was also aching almost constantly, right up
along the shoulder blades, for no reason she could fathom. In her long life she
had felt pain, yes, but not like this, not without a cause for it and she
wasn't sure how to handle it. It wasn't like she was human that could take some
aspirin and make the pain go away. Nor did she want to go to Julia, the
she-devil that was their doctor, she was studying their genetics but she was a
doctor and did treat them if things went wrong. Instead she was doing what
humans called 'self medicating', she found out if she drunk enough booze it
numbed her slightly and seemed to dull the spasms enough that they were
manageable. So, she had been drinking. Unlike most beings on this rock there
wasn't enough booze on this planet to get her truly drunk or even give her a
buzz, but it somehow or other it did effect the dulling she needed. But alcohol
didn't always improve her mood, like when she was in a foul mood because of the
pain like she was now. She would be the first to tell you that this had her all
out of sorts to start with and she was short tempered to begin with, dumping
booze on top of that didn't improve her temper or self control. But add in to
the equation that she was scared and it was almost a deadly mixture.

She grabbed a bottle of Jack Daniels and planted herself in
Darious' chair and started taking long pulls from the bottle, drinking the
fiery liquid like it was water. She tucked her feet under her and curled up
with the bottle, sighing deeply. She was tough, no one would ever question
that, and she could take pain beyond measure but this was different. It was
alien and she wasn't sure how to deal with it. If she understood what was
happening then perhaps she could deal with it but coming from no where and from
no cause that she knew actually frightened her. Like most animals when they are
scared, she got mean. She was trying to minimize that, what was wrong with her
was no ones fault, but it was a front that she was having a hard time
controlling. So, she was self medicating on the sly and acting like nothing was
wrong around Arkady and Darious.

Arkady had woken up when she got out of bed. He watched
her, whining softly, worried. He got up and pulled the covers off Darious,
trying to wake him. When that didn't work he stuck his muzzle between his legs
and touched his ice cold nose to his balls. That worked.

Darious yelps and awoke with a start, looking around,
&quot;What the fuck?!&quot; He looked down and saw Arkady standing there and
his eyes narrowed. &quot;This had better be good pup!&quot; He snarled, sitting
up.

Arkady whined loudly then looked at Danis' side of the bed
then to the door.

Darious got the message quickly and scratched behind
Arkadys' ears, &quot;Good pup.&quot; He then got out of bed, pulled his robe on
and headed downstairs. She hadn't been acting like herself for a while now but
over the last couple weeks it had gotten worse so he was trying to keep a close
eye on her at all times, not knowing what she was going to do next, especially
since she denied that anything was wrong.

He found her curled up in his chair, a place she wasn't
allowed to sit without specific permission, drinking Jack Daniels straight from
the bottle. Over the last couple weeks large amounts of booze had come up
missing. He had thought that it was Arkady or Marcus drinking it but he now
realized it was her. Stepping closer, he looked down at her, &quot;So, you're
the one drinking all the booze around here.&quot;

She looked up at him and shrugged, still shaking slightly,
the muscle spasms not yet under control, &quot;So?&quot; She was in no mood to
be questioned by Darious about what she was doing and why. All she wanted to do
was drink enough to dull the pain, and then she would be better able to deal
with Darious and his questions.

He stepped in front of her and looked down at her,
&quot;How come you are drinking so much?&quot; In the whole time he and she had
been together she hadn't drunk much, only when they went out or when he wanted
to share a drink with her at night. He had never known her to drink alone, let
alone large amounts of it since he knew it didn't have much of an effect on
her.

She shrugged; not wanting to answer him, then took another
pull from the bottle, finishing it off. &quot;Because I feel like it.&quot;

His face hardened and he frowned at her slightly,
&quot;Because you want to? Drinking like this is not like you toy. What's up?&quot;

She glared at him, her temper very close to the surface,
the pain had still not abated and she was still very out of sorts. She just
wanted him to go away and leave her be so she could finish self medicating.
&quot;Don't start with me Darious; I'm not in the mood for it. I pay for part
of the stuff so I am entitled to drink it if I want to.&quot; She told him in
short, clipped tones, her eyes flashing slightly.

Frowning at her, he crossed his arms across his chest,
&quot;You are still my sub...&quot;

She snarled at him, eyes flashing dangerously, her temper
starting to flair up, &quot;So?&quot;

He glared at her, tone hardening, &quot;So? You are
disobeying direct orders toy.&quot;

She looked down at the empty bottle, frowning, &quot;Again,
so?&quot;

His anger was starting to rise but he choked it down, realizing
this was totally out of character for her, &quot;Why are you acting this way
toy? This isn't you at all.&quot;

She looked down at the floor and sighed. She didn't like
keeping things from him, it wasn't her but how could she explain something to
him that she, herself, didn't understand. So instead of telling him, she
bluffed, &quot;I thought you liked me acting like a brat.&quot;

He frowned again; this person was not the Dani he knew. She
never acted like this. &quot;Being a brat is fine, but this is beyond that. You
are acting like a total bitch, just like Jade.&quot;

Her temper that was so close to the surface these days it
reared its head and she was out of the chair in a flash, snarling. Her eyes
changed and she picked up the empty bottle and threw it at him. Then she turned
to leave. Thinking it was better to walk out and deal with the repercussions
later than stand here and get into a knock down, drag out fight with him.

He ducked the projectile easily enough; it then shattered
harmlessly against the wall behind him. &quot;Bring that ass back here right
now toy!&quot; He snarled in his deepest, most commanding voice, taking the
bewilderment he felt at her out of control action.

She stopped and looked at him, eyes narrow and flashing,
her temper not abating in the least, &quot;Make me.&quot; Then she turned her
back on him and started walking out.

His eyes narrowed dangerously, Make you?&quot; Walking over
to her, he grabbed her arm firmly, stopping her. &quot;What in the blue hell is
going on with you Danyealle?&quot;

She yanked her arm away and howled in pain. He didn't grab
her hard but he had left a bruise in the shape of his hand where he had held
her. Her claws extended out of reflex and she took a swipe at his face,
growling loudly.

He blocked the blow with his forearm, leaving another
bruise on her. This was DEFINITLY out of character for her and was stunning to
him. But he used the cold, even tone he always did to get her attention, trying
to bring her out of whatever this was. &quot;I am your Lord toy, don't you DARE
attack me!&quot;

She looked away, snarling, pissed beyond measure. She held
her now sore and bruised arm to her chest, breathing heavily.

He looked at her, totally puzzled by this reaction. She was
never like this without cause of some kind. &quot;You are loosing your self
control. Attacking Marcus and Arkady, now me. What's wrong? I am very concerned
about this behavior.&quot;

She backed away from him, eyes averted, still clutching her
arm to her chest, shaking her head, &quot;Just leave me alone Darious.&quot;

He stiffened up, she had NEVER told him this since she
first came to live with him and it was like being slapped. In times of trouble
for her, she usually wanted him to hold her, but now it was like she was
shoving him away and he didn't know how to react to it. &quot;Fine.&quot; He
said, in a cold voice, &quot;I will leave you alone for the time and allow you
to get your emotions back under control. But do not leave the house toy.&quot;
It wasn't that he minded anymore if she went somewhere on her own but with how
she was reacting to him it unnerved him just what she might do in this state
alone.

She just glared at him, eyes flashing, &quot;I will leave
if I feel like it Darious.&quot; Her voice was hard and clipped, full blown
rage simmering just below the surface.

He backed himself up slightly and lowered his voice to
something more calming, &quot;I'masking you nicely not to leave. Something is
wrong, you are angry and losing control, so please, for both our sakes, don't
leave the house.&quot; He could feel his blood start to boil at her attitude
but the calmer side of him told him that would do no good with her in this
state. Something was wrong with her and his lashing out at her would only
aggravate it more.

She glared at him again then turned on her heel and walked
out of the living room. She went into the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of
scotch from the cupboard and sat on the kitchen counter with it. In one long
pull, she downed half the bottle.

He looked after her for a minute, puzzled and confused.
When he heard the kitchen cupboard slam and he was convinced she wasn't going
to leave he walked into his study to sit and think for a while, trying to
puzzle out what was going on with her.

He gave her a half an hour alone then went into the
kitchen. She was sitting on the counter, holding her arm to her chest, a bottle
of scotch 3&#8260;4 gone, and sitting between her legs. He took a deep breath
to gather himself then locked his hands behind his back, trying to look calm.
Looking at her he asked, concern in his voice, &quot;Dani?&quot;

She looked up at him, and then lowered her eyes, ashamed of
how she had spoken and treated him earlier.

He took a couple steps closer, &quot;What is wrong Dani? I
don't know what's going on with you so I'm asking you to please tell me. I'm
worried about you because you never, ever act like this. It's obvious that
there is something going on and I would like for you to please tell me what it
is.&quot;

She finished the last of the scotch in one gulp then sighed
deeply and looked up at him, still holding her arm to her chest, but said
nothing, just shaking her head.

He looked at her arm and his brow furrowed. Stepping even
closer, he said, softly, &quot;Did I hurt you? I didn't think I grabbed you all
that hard. Can I see it toy? Please?&quot;

The booze had finally taken effect and she wasn't hurting
so bad anymore so she was much calmer and more reasonable. She held her arm out
so he could see the hand print he had left, looking calmly at him.

He stepped up next to the counter and put his hand, gently,
under her am and lifted it up so he could see it more clearly, frowning.
Whatever residual anger he may have felt evaporated instantly and was replaced
with concern. He knew he hadn't grabbed her that hard, certainly not hard
enough to leave a bruise in its wake. He looked into her eyes, brow furrowed,
&quot;I barely grabbed you but you got bruised, how did that happen? That was
not my intention, you know that toy.&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;I know Darious. I don't know why
it bruised. All I know is that my skin hurts and my muscles ache everywhere.
Lately it's been quite easy for me to bruise, even bumping into things seems to
do it, and they HURT. That is why I have been drinking so much, somehow it
seems to dull the pain and make it more manageable.&quot;

Looking at her, thoroughly puzzled, &quot;Why are you
hurting Dani? What is causing it?&quot; He asked voice soft and concerned.

She shook her head again and sighed, &quot;I don't know
Darious. All I know is I am hurting and I don't know why. It's driving me
nuts!&quot; She said, sighing heavily. &quot;All I know is everything is so
sensitive I can't even wear regular clothes, they have to be soft or they cause
real pain.&quot;

He stroked her hair softly and kissed her tenderly on the
forehead, &quot;Is that why you've been sitting in my chair?&quot;

She nodded vigorously, &quot;Yes, it's the only place I can
stand to sit. The fabric on the others is like sandpaper.&quot;

He stroked her hair softly and gently kissed her again.
&quot;OK toy, you have standing permission to sit in my chair at any time.' He
pulled away and looked down at her again, brow furrowed, &quot;How can I help
you toy? Is there anything I can do to make it better?&quot;

She sighed and shook he head, &quot;I just don't know
what's wrong. This has never happened to me before.&quot; She looked at him,
eyes wide, &quot;I'm scared Darious. Just hold me, OK?&quot;

He wrapped his arms around her as tightly as he dared,
holding her gently, rubbing her back softly, his face buried in her hair.

She nuzzled her face into his chest and clutched him
tightly to her.

He put his hand under her bottom and picked her up, holding
her closely then carried her into the living room. He sat down in his chair,
cuddling her until she fell asleep. He was thinking, trying to figure out how
to handle the foreign situation and best deal with it.

Chapter 22

&#65279; 

Marcus was cleaning up the kitchen after lunch, humming
softly to himself. Dani was looking around for something to drink, ignoring
Marcus much as she always did. While trying to move around her to finish what
he was doing, Marcus accidentally brushed against her back, not hard just a
light brush. Immediately, she reacted, howling at the top of her lungs then she
whirled around to face him, eyes ablaze, glaring and snarling at him. Startled,
he backed away from her, petrified and confused, until his back was flush
against the nearest wall, quivering, unable to understand what had caused this
reaction.

She advanced on him, eyes flashing, grabbing a large knife
off the counter. Standing in front of him, looking up into his eyes, she
snarled, holding the knife to his testicles, growling deeply. &quot;I've had
enough of you pooch! You're pissed me off for the last time so it's time for
the puppy to get neutered.&quot; She then swiped at his crotch with the knife.
It was more animal instinct on her end than rational thought. The pain she was
now suffering on a regular basis was clouding her judgment at times and this
was one of them. Normally, she would have seen it for what it was an accident
and thought nothing of it but all she saw now in the hazy cloud of her pain was
that he had hurt her.

She had threatened him with this before but it was just
that, a threat, there was no overt action accompanying it, until now. He dodged
the knife the best he could then screamed for Darious at the top of his lungs,
hoping he would get there before she actually succeeded or he had to take
drastic action to prevent her from doing it!

Darious heard the screams of pure terror as he was getting
out of the shower. He headed downstairs at top speed, pulling his robe around
him as he went. When he ran into the kitchen he saw her take a swipe at Marcus'
crotch with the knife. Marcus had dodged it again and looked towards Darious
for help. There was no time for reasoning with her so he did what first came to
mind and yelled, &quot;Brat!&quot; Loud enough to make the walks shiver.

She turned and looked at him, holding the knife out in
front of her. Her eyes narrowed and she growled, baring her fangs at Darious,
animal instinct fully enveloping her.

Darious knew this wasn't her, that the pain she was in all the
time now was causing this reaction so he couldn't be mad at her but he knew it
would take him being dominant to get through to her so he glared hard at her
then said in his deepest, most commanding voce, &quot;Put that knife down right
now brat!&quot;

She glared at him but recognized who it was and his
ultimate voice of authority and tossed the knife into the sink, still snarling
slightly.

Marcus kept himself glued to the wall while he watched her
carefully. He was sure that if Darious hadn't shown up when he did she would
have succeeded in doing what she said she was going to do.

Darious walked over and stood in front of her, glaring,
eyes cold and hard. He knew that there was something wrong with her because if
she was herself she would never have acted like this. He wasn't angry with her
but very concerned about her increasingly erratic behavior. He knew from
personal experience that reasoning with her when she was like this did no good.
He pointed to the door, &quot;Go to our room and think about this debacle brat,
while I think about what to do about it.&quot;

She glared at him and snarled loudly but left, trailing a
huge cloud of scent in her wake, slamming the door shut behind her.

Marcus sagged against the wall, relieved.

When Darious heard her footsteps going up to the third
floor he let out a deep sigh and his shoulders sagged, he had thought for sure
that with the state she was in she was going to put up a fight about it. He
looked at the visibly shaken Marcus, &quot;Are you alright?&quot;

Marcus nodded weakly and licked his lips. He was still so
frightened that the power of speech hadn't returned yet.

Darious nodded, &quot;Good.&quot; Then he grinned at him,
trying to make light of it all and to get Marcus to calm down and relax a bit
so he could get out of him what went on. &quot;Good reflexes there pup.&quot;

Still shaking a bit, Marcus chuckled, &quot;You develop
good reflexes quickly when a seriously pissed off woman has a knife to your
cahonies!&quot;

Darious chuckled and clapped him on the back, &quot;I
imagine so. OK, speak, what brought this all on?&quot;

Marcus shook his head, still bewildered about the whole
thing, &quot;I really don't know. I brushed up against her trying to get
around, to finish cleaning, and then she yowled and grabbed the knife.&quot;

Darious cocked an eyebrow and stared, hard, at him,
&quot;Nothing other than that set it off?&quot;

Shaking his head vigorously, Marcus said, &quot;Nope, that
is all that happened, I swear.&quot;

Darious put a hand on his shoulder, &quot;Let's sit at the
table and talk about it, shall we?&quot;

Marcus looked at him, stunned. He was never allowed to sit
at the table with any of them but he quickly seated himself, legs shaking a
bit.

Seating himself across from Marcus, Darious leaned back and
looked at him, &quot;I want to talk to you about Dani. Arkady and I have been
discussing her increasingly erratic behavior as of late but I'll come back to
that soon. She's hypersensitive and highly temperamental lately. Arkady tells
me she seems antagonistic to you. Is that correct?&quot;

Nodding ruefully, Marcus said, &quot;It is. She doesn't
seem to like me much at all. And I cannot understand why because I haven't done
anything to her to cause it.

Sighing deeply, Darious looked at Marcus, &quot;There may
be several reasons for it and none your fault. Part of it is she doesn't know
you. Another part is she had no choice in you being here. Her beef is probably
more with me than you but it seems you caught the brunt of it. She's very
territorial on her best days but at this point in time it is a lot worse than
normal for some reason. She doesn't have these problems with Arkady because
they were good friends for centuries before he became my sub. And she was
involved in that decision. You, she had no choice with. To compound all of that
she's having some problems right now and isn't feeling well. When you are sick,
you tend to be short tempered. As it stands now her skin and muscles are so
hypersensitive that any contact with them will elicit a severe reaction. So try
your best not to brush against her. It really hurts her and she tends to get
angry.&quot;

Shaking his head, Marcus sighed, &quot;I had no idea about
any of that.&quot;

&quot;Well, now you do.&quot; Darious said with a sigh.
&quot;Arkady and I will try to keep you out of her way as much as we can for a
while, at least until she's feeling better anyway. Once she is back to her old
self things will get better, I assure you.

&quot;She isn't normally like this. As a rule she is very
kind and caring. She even has a soft spot for werewolves.&quot; He stood up
then clapped Marcus on the shoulder. &quot;I'll have Arkady talk to you about
it more in depth. If she does it again, howl and I'll be there in a flash. Now,
I have to go deal with the psycho kitty with a bad case of PMS.&quot;

Chuckling, Marcus grinned at him, &quot;Good luck
Master.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;Lucks fine but I'd rather
have a tranquilizer gun loaded with a massive dose of kitty Prozac.&quot;

Chapter 23

&#65279; 

Having just gotten out of the shower, she wrapped a towel
tightly around herself then started drying her thick hair with another. Making
her way to the bedroom, her body length tail caught the heavy solid oak door
and it slammed shut on the long appendage about halfway up it.

She froze instantly, feeling excruciating waves of pain
course up the ultra sensitive appendage and surge through out her entire body.
Dropping the towel she was using on her hair, tears sprang to her eyes and
started to run down her cheeks then she let out a howl of pain that made the
windows vibrate. She staggered to the foot of the bed where she collapsed,
sobbing loudly. She had NEVER felt anything like this in her entire long life,
ever. It was as if every nerve in her body was spasming.

Darious was downstairs in his study, pouring over paperwork
and double checking figures when he heard her howl. He stood up so quickly that
his chair skidded into the wall behind him and toppled over. Then, he headed
upstairs on a dead run, wondering what had happened. He found her on the floor,
sobbing. Sitting down next to her, he gently pulled her onto his lap, looking
down at her in bewilderment. &quot;What's wrong toy? What happened?&quot;
Comforting someone was not Darious' specialty.

Looking up at him, tears streaming down her face, she
stammered through sobs, &quot;I slammed my tail in the bathroom door.&quot; It
was draped over his thigh, limp and not moving like it usually did.

He winced, knowing just how sensitive the appendage was
because if it was stroked just right she would have an orgasm. His nearest
guess was that it was the equivalent of a man getting racked. &quot;Poor
toy.&quot; He said, stroking her back softly, feeling the odd lumps on her
shoulder blades that had been growing there for about a month, then kissed her
on the top of the head. Normally she would have just cussed for a couple
minutes and kicked the door. Plus, this was the first times since they had been
together that he had ever seen her cry. He could feel her whole body twitch and
tremble from the pain, something else that had never happened before. Her tail
seemed to have a life of its own, it moved all over the place and was always
getting entangled or bumping into something so this was not the first time it
had been injured. But it was the first time that it had caused her this kind of
intense pain before.

She didn't say anything but clutched him tightly, sniffing.

He rubbed and cuddled her close to him, confused and
bewildered. &quot;Want me to look at it toy? It might be broken, that would
explain the pain.&quot;

Rubbing her forearm across her eyes, wiping away the tears,
she sniffled more, &quot;Alright. But just don't touch it ok?&quot;

Giving her a quizzical look he nodded, &quot;I won't touch
it.&quot; Holding her tightly to his chest he moved her slightly so he could
get a better look at the tail. There was an angry purplish bruise about half
way up it. He knew it had to hurt from the looks of it. Stroking her back some
more he asked, &quot;It's bruised pretty bad. Would you like an ice pack or
something for it? It might help toy.&quot;

Shaking her head vigorously she looked up at him, tears in
her eyes, &quot;No, it hurts too much for anything to touch it.&quot;

Snuggling her closer to his chest, he said, &quot;OK toy.
Can you move it at all?&quot;

Shaking her head, she looked up at him, &quot;No, it won't
move.&quot;

Stroking her hair softly he tried to think of what to do.
Looking back down at her, he asked calmly, &quot;Let me touch the tip of it to
see if you can feel that. It might give an indication to whether or not it's
broken. I promise I'll be very gentle with it.&quot;

Laying her head on his shoulder, she clutched his short
front tightly in one hand, &quot;If you promise to be VERY careful when you do
it.&quot;

Nodding, he said, giving her a reassuring squeeze, &quot;I
promise.&quot; He reached out and very softly stroked the tip with one finger.
This usually made it twitch a bit but there was no movement from it at all. But
the reaction from her was immediate, tears stared to run down her face again
and she howled in pain, shaking violently. He hugged her close to him, rocking
back and forth slightly, &quot;I'm sorry toy.&quot; Stroking her hair gently,
he kissed her on the temple.

Having heard the second howl of pain, Arkady hurried
upstairs. He looked at Darious. Darious looked back at him, obviously
bewildered, &quot;She hurt her tail and is crying.&quot;

This confused Arkady as much as it did Darious. He stepped
into the room and knelt by them, looking at her tail. Stroking her back a bit,
he said, voice soft, &quot;How about I get you some Advil and some cold witch
hazel for it then I'll wrap it up. That should make it feel better soon.&quot;

Darious nodded, relieve that someone seemed to know what to
do about this. &quot;Good idea Wolfie. How does that sound toy?&quot;

Sniffling, she nodded.

Quickly, Arkady retrieved what he needed and as gently as
he could wrapped her tail but it caused a fresh wave of tears from her. Darious
lay her on side on the bed and gave her the Advil. He covered her up and kissed
her softly. She lay there sniffling but soon dozed off. Motioning for Arkady to
follow they left the room.

After closing themselves in the study where Darious was
sure he was out of her earshot he looked at Arkady, a confused look on his
face. &quot;Have you ever seen this before?&quot;

Shaking his head, Arkady sighed, &quot;Never before. I have
seen Milady practically torn apart after a fight and she didn't seem to even
feel her injuries. This is a first for myself, in the entire time I've known
her I have never encountered her in this much pain, ever. Lady Jade almost
eviscerated her in a fight one night and all Milady did was laugh at her.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;I've done worse to her than
this before and all she did was beg me for more and tell me to do it
harder.&quot;

Arkady nodded, having seen him leaved welts, cuts and
bruises on her only to have her orgasm from it.

Scratching his head, Darious sighed, &quot;This on top of
everything else is getting to be more than I know how to deal with. Do you have
any suggestions? Anything at all that might help?&quot;

Sighing deeply, Arkady looked at him, &quot;I may have
something, yes, but I do believe you are not going to like the suggestion much
at all.&quot;

Shaking his head, Darious sighed again, &quot;I'm willing
to try almost anything at this point, so just tell me what it is.&quot;

Looking at him, Arkady said, softly, &quot;I know that you
don't much like the other ladies to come around much but I think we may have to
call them for help at this moment in time. Mayhap they will know what is going
on and if they do, they may be able to remedy the situation.&quot;

As much as he didn't like the idea at interference from the
other she-devils Darious sighed and nodded, &quot;Give them a call
Wolfie.&quot;

Nodding to Darious, Arkady bustled out of the room and
called Zsuzanna. When he returned he found Darious standing, staring out the
window. He turned and looked at Arkady, worry lines creasing his face. Nodding,
Arkady said, &quot;Lady Zsuzanna and Lady Raven will be arriving in
approximately three hours time.&quot;

&quot;Good.&quot; Darious said, sighing, then turned back
to look out the window.

Raven and Zsuzanna arrived about 8:00 PM and got straight
to the business at hand. Raven went up to see Dani and talk to her, seeing if
any of her telepathic abilities could pinpoint what the problem seemed to be.
Darious led Zsuzanna to the study and poured her a drink.

She accepted the drink graciously then set it aside,
looking at him critically, &quot;Alright, tell me what is going on. I got part
of it from Arkady but I want to hear it from you. I know it must be something
fairly bad for you to call us for help. So tell me what is going on with as
much detail as you can.&quot;

Sighing Darious said, &quot;It has gotten bad and seems to
be getting worse all the time. Neither Arkady nor I know what to do about it
any more. Let me start out by listing the symptoms I can tell she is having;
she's grouchy and irrational. Hell, she is getting downright violent at times
anymore. She held a knife to Marcus and threatened to neuter him with it.
Sometimes she doesn't seem to recognize any of us, especially when in glaberal
form. Her she-devil and feline forms are very violent and out of control. She's
now spending most of her time in glaberal form rather than human for some odd
reason. She seems to be in a lot of pain most of the time, from no source
Arkady or I can figure out. Even the smallest things seem to hurt her. She's
become highly territorial and gets out and out violent when it's invaded. Her
self control that is normally easy to maintain for her is shot completely. Her
skin is so ultra sensitive that she can only wear certain clothes. It's taking
forever to heal from anything; it's actually slower than human healing at this
point. She's getting what I can only describe as migraines but that isn't an
accurate description of them either but it's as close as I can come to telling
you what they are like. Finally, she is constantly hungry, almost to the point
of starvation. She is feeding off me at least twice a day, half my blood volume
at a time. And she looks at Marcus and Arkady when they walk by with that look
of unrequited hunger, like she is to the point of starvation.

&quot;But the finally straw happened earlier today, she
slammed her tail in the door and actually cried about it, like it was the worst
pain she had ever endured.&quot;

Zsuzannas' brain had stopped on the amount she was feeding,
giving him a strange look, &quot;Hang on, she's feeding how much? That can't be
right, the older we get the LESS we need to feed, not more.&quot;

Unbuttoning his shirt, he pulled it off his shoulder,
showing her the massive bruise where she had repeatedly bitten him to feed.

Stepping forward, she touched it lightly, counting the bite
marks, unable to believe her eyes. She saw him wince and said,
&quot;Sorry.&quot; Then stepped back and shook her head. &quot;I don't get
that. There is no earthly reason she should need to feed that much. At least
none that I can tell.&quot;

Nodding, Darious buttoned his shirt, &quot;I know that, in
the whole time she and I have been together she has only fed once every six
months to a year, that's all.&quot;

Shaking her head, Zsuzanna said, &quot;I don't what that
could mean. I've never heard of it before.&quot; She tapped a finger on her
chin, a far away look on her face, thinking, confused.

Stroking the rim of his glass, he looked at her, &quot;Any
ideas of what could be happening?&quot;

She shrugged then asked, &quot;Could it be that somehow or
other your blood is changing her?&quot;

Thinking for a minute, he then shook his head, &quot;I
don't think so. It might be a possibility but I doubt it.&quot;

Sighing, she shook her head, &quot;Neither do I. If it was
going to change her it would have done it long before now and I imagine the
symptoms would be something you would recognize.&quot;

Nodding, he said, &quot;True.&quot;

&quot;The only other real thing that is a problem with the
older she-devils is insanity, there does seem to be that once they go beyond a
certain age. Does that seem to fit some of the symptoms?&quot;

Shaking his head vigorously, he said firmly, &quot;No, it
is not insanity in any of its forms. It's something physical but I don't know
what.&quot;

Shrugging, she sighed deeply, &quot;Sorry, I'm not much
help with things like this. It's really not my area. Maybe Raven with know something,
she much more familiar with out lore, legends and history that I will ever
be.&quot;

Sighing, he shook his head, &quot;Don't you ladies have
doctors or something like that?&quot;

&quot;Unfortunately, no. We don't get sick and are immune
to everything out there so we don't need them other than to do first aid for
those that have been in fights. The only doctors we have do research into our
genetics. There is nothing that would help in this area unfortunately.&quot;

By this time, Raven and Arkady came into the study.
Immediately, Arkady almost hid behind Darious, white as a sheet and shaking all
over. Darious looked over his shoulder at him, puzzled.

Raven spoke up, &quot;The she-devil took after him.&quot;

His eyebrows shot up and he looked at Raven, &quot;To
feed?&quot;

Nodding, Raven said, &quot;Yes. She appeared to be quite
hungry and didn't seem to recognize him.

Darious patted Arkady on the shoulder, trying to convey he
wasn't angry then turned back to Raven. &quot;What, if anything, can you tell
is wrong with her? She's not insane, we all know that.&quot;

With a far away look in her eyes, Raven said softly,
&quot;No, she's not insane. But there's something going on. Dani is still very
much there but there seems to be something happening with her that she doesn't
understand. She is confused but not insane. It's as if some kind of instinct is
taking over and trying to do something but I haven't a clue as to what it
is.&quot;

Shaking his head, he sighed, frustration mounting, &quot;Is
there any kind of lore or legend about any of this? Any at all that might
apply?&quot;

Rubbing the bridge of her nose, Raven sighed, &quot;None
that I know of. You have to consider the old ones usually have gone to ground
to sleep by the time they reached even close to Danis' age. As far as I can
tell none ever attained her age. And there hasn't been anyone around close for
at least 150 years. Dani is the oldest by far, of any of us in this world. The
only thing that was ever said about the ancient ones was that they had gone
insane and taken their final rest.&quot;

Running his fingers through his hair, Darious sighed,
&quot;Just great. What were the symptoms of those that went insane, do you
know?&quot;

Shrugging, Raven sighed, &quot;Consider the difference in
eras and what was known about medicine back then. Nothing that was written down
about the end of them comes in the ballpark of what I have heard about Danis'
symptoms, it describes brain fevers and the like, nothing that applies. And we
don't have anyone else to compare it with now. Zsuzanna is the closest in age
to Dani.&quot;

Looking at Zsuzanna, he asked, &quot;How old are you?&quot;

The dark haired gypsy sighed and shook her head, &quot;I'm
826, so that's no help at all, sorry. Dani is more than 100 years older than
me.&quot;

Looking sharply at Darious, Raven asked, softly and with
respect, &quot;How long has she had the growths on her shoulder blades? Those,
I know for a fact, are something new. I've never seen anything like it before,
as a matter of fact.&quot;

&quot;I guess about two months now, give or take.&quot;

Raven started to pace back and forth, thinking out loud,
&quot;She's needing all the blood for something but what could it be?&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;True, she's not insane so this,
whatever it is, has to be physical.&quot;

Nodding, still deep in thought, Raven said. &quot;True,
whatever is wrong with her it's not insanity.&quot; Stopping she sighed again,
&quot;Let me look some things up and I'll see what I can find, if anything. Do
you mind if we keep a close eye on the situation? I'll get Julia to stop by
tonight and have a look as well. Maybe between her and I we can figure out what
is causing these problems. Plus, Julia for sure can give her something for the
pain she is feeling. If nothing else, that will put her in a better mood.&quot;

&quot;I have no objections to that what so ever.&quot; He
then gave a short bow to the ladies and said, &quot;Now, if you'll excuse me I
have to go feed my kitty before she gets any grouchier. Arkady will attend to
your needs and answer any more of your questions.&quot; He then headed
upstairs.

Chapter 24

&#65279; 

She woke to the sounds of Arkady moaning loudly. When she
rolled onto her side, opened her eyes and looked down at the foot of the bed
she saw Arkady was bent over the edge of the bed, sheets clutched tightly in
both fists, moaning loudly as Darious, standing behind him, was fucking him in
long, slow strokes.

She could feel a jealous rage boiling up inside herself. She
knew her emotions were totally out of whack lately and somewhat out of control
from time to time but this time she felt totally justified in the feelings. It
had been weeks since Darious had touched her in a sexual way. He had also been
treating her differently as well. Instead of being his lover and sub he was
treating her more like a pet or a prize of some kind. Something that was nice
to have around, nice to play with, nice to look at but that was it. Seeing him
fuck Arkady, when that was what she wanted him to do to her, put her in an
instantaneous rage. She sat up and growled loudly then grabbed the lamp off the
bedside table, yanking the cord out of the socket and threw it at Darious'
head.

The only reason he was able to duck the projectile was he saw
her grab it. He flattened himself on top of Arkadys' back it smashed against
the wall. He looked at her, wide eyed. Arkady remained plastered to the bed,
whimpering in fright. &quot;What the fuck did you do that for toy?&quot;
Darious asked, honestly confused.

She growled loudly, fangs bared and eyes flashing,
&quot;You're standing there fucking him when you won't even TOUCH me anymore,
that's what's wrong! I guess this means you don't want me anymore. Fine, I'll
leave then and let you have what you truly want.&quot;

He straightened up and looked at her, still very
bewildered. &quot;Like hell you will! What the fuck has gotten into you
toy?&quot;

Snarling at him, eyes flashing, she said in short, clipped
tones full of hurt and a barely controlled rage, &quot;You won't fucking touch
ME anymore but I wake up and find you fucking Arkady, that is what is wrong
Darious!&quot; She bailed out the opposite side of the bed and started to pull
her clothes on.

Darious pulled out of Arkady then patted him on the ass,
&quot;You better go find a place out of the line of fire Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady nodded then grabbed his clothes and headed for the
bathroom.

Darious stepped closer to her, &quot;You've been sick toy.
I've been afraid of hurting you THAT'S why I haven't touched you.&quot;

She pulled the rest of her clothes on then stood there,
glaring at him, arms folded across her chest, &quot;Since when have you been
afraid of hurting me Darious?&quot;

He stepped a little bit closer to her and looked down into
her face, &quot;Since the day I grabbed you and left a bruise, since the day
you used your safe word with me. That is why.&quot;

Glowering at him, she snarled, &quot;Fine Darious, I'll
leave then.&quot;

Staring hard at her he said, in short, clipped tones,
&quot;You are going absolutely no where toy!&quot;

Glaring at him, eyes narrowing she said in a tone that
contained a clear warning, &quot;Try to stop me Darious, I dare you!&quot;

He glared back at her, &quot;Fine toy.&quot;

Glaring once more at him, she headed towards the bedroom
door.

Quickly, he moved over and stood in front of the door,
&quot;You are going no where toy! Now, calm down and we'll discuss this
reasonably and settle it.&quot;

But she was in no mood for any of that, her emotions in too
much turmoil, &quot;Get out of my way Darious, I'm warning you!&quot;

Shaking his head, he said calmly, &quot;No toy.&quot;

Glaring at him again, she said, &quot;Fine, we'll do it
your way then.&quot; Then she landed a right hook on his jaw that flattened him
and knocked him out cold. She then took off down the stairs. Grabbing her purse
and the keys to her 'vette she took off out the front door; slamming it hard
enough to leave a long crack in it and making the windows shake.

Arkady stared at the bedroom door after her exit, worried
about what she may or may no do then went to Darious and knelt down, trying to
revive him.

Darious came too quickly, sitting up, swaying a bit. He touched
the bruise on his jaw and winced, &quot;Fuck! That HURT!&quot; He looked at
Arkady, &quot;Where is she? Where is that snot nosed brat, cunt slut at? She is
going to pay dearly for this!&quot; Deep inside he knew there was something
wrong with her and what she did was just another manifestation of that but his
legendary temper had taken over and most coherent though and reason was pushed
aside.

Shaking his head, Arkady said, &quot;She left Sire.&quot;

Putting his hand on Arkadys' shoulder, he stood up, shaking
a bit, &quot;Get Marcus and go find her.&quot;

Arkady stood and helped to steady him, &quot;I will most
certainly try Sire. But you should be aware that she took her car so at this
point she could be headed about anywhere.&quot;

Darious sighed, &quot;Take one of the others and go look.
You know her about as well as anyone, so try and find her.&quot;

Nodding, Arkady said, &quot;Yes Sire.&quot; He quickly
found Marcus and took off on the hunt.

Darious got himself dressed then walked downstairs. Sitting
in his study, he waited; he was so pissed off at her that both his tail and
horns had emerged.

Four hours later Arkady and Marcus returned. Darious
stepped out of the study and looked at them, &quot;Well? Anything?&quot;

Sighing deeply, Arkady shook his head, &quot;We couldn't
find her Sire.&quot;

Leaning against the jam, Darious sighed, &quot;Where did
you look?&quot;

Shrugging, Arkady said softly, &quot;All her old haunts and
places that she was known to frequent.&quot;

&quot;Was there any sign that she had been to any of
them?&quot;

Shaking his eyes, Arkady said, softly, &quot;So Sire,
nothing. I asked around and no one had caught a glimpse or seen her for quite
some time.&quot;

Growling, Darious said, &quot;Shit! We'll comb the city for
her tomorrow when she will probably have found a place to hole up.&quot;

For the next two days they combed the city looking for her,
but no one had seen her. Darious even called Raven to see if any of them had
heard from her, knowing if Dani had gone to them the chances they would tell
him were next to nil. Raven said none of them had heard from her. Finally,
running out of options and places to look, Darious decided to check her old
house, on the off chance that she would have holed up there. The front door was
unlocked so he walked in. The downstairs didn't look as though anyone had been
there for years; dust covered everything and didn't seem to have been
disturbed. He checked all the rooms downstairs then walked upstairs. His anger
had evaporated that a couple days before, now he was just worried about her,
knowing she wasn't feeling good and in serious pain. After checking most of the
rooms he walked quietly into her old bedroom. She was curled up on the pillows
at the head of the bed. Relief at finding her washed over him but it was
quickly replaced by rage at what she had put all of them through for the last
two days. He wanted to walk over and yank her out of the bed then beat the shit
out of her but he knew better than to do that. Instead, he walked over and
looked down at her, the muscle in his jaw twitching madly as he did is best to
suppress his fury. He saw she was twitching all over and sweating profusely, in
obvious pain. But he also noticed that there were tear streaks on her cheeks.
He stared down at her for several minutes then went and sat in the chair at the
foot of the bed. He steepled his fingers and stared at her, trying to calm
himself and put his temper in check.

A half an hour or so later she started to wake. Opening her
eyes she looked at him then turned her back on him and muttered, &quot;Go away
Darious.&quot;

He was out of the chair in a flash then stalked over to the
bed. He yanked her over to where she was facing him, &quot;I am NOT going
anywhere brat! How DARE you strike your Lord! If that wasn't bad enough you ran
away when you were directly told not to leave. Do you have any idea how worried
I was about you?&quot;

Looking up at him, she sighed, &quot;I really don't care
Darious. You obviously don't want me anymore so I left. Now, go away and leave
me alone!&quot;

Glaring down at her, eyes cold as ice, he said, his tone
hard at steel and sharp as knife, &quot;Whether or not I want you is
immaterial! What is material is that I own you, that you are my property. My
want for you is not relevant in that equation.&quot;

She sat up and glared at him, &quot;It is NOT immaterial to
me! It matters a great deal!&quot; She screamed at him.

He blinked rapidly, slightly taken aback by her reaction.
He softened his tone slightly, not wanting to fight with her, that would take
it a place he didn't want to go. &quot;I do want you toy. I was worried about
you. You hit me, something you have never done nor have ever threatened to do,
then took off without your medications. Do you think I would tolerate that
behavior from someone I didn't care about? If I didn't care about you and what
happens with you I would have beaten the shit out of you by now and we would be
on our way home.&quot;

Staring up into his eyes, she said, &quot;You sure as fuck
have a funny way of showing you care about me Darious.&quot;

He sat down on the edge of the bed and looked at her,
&quot;Toy, I am afraid of what is happening to you and don't know how to react
or deal with it.&quot; This was the first time he had allowed himself to say
this out loud to anyone.

She growled long and low, staring, hard, at him, &quot;I'm
afraid too Darious, more than you or anyone else will ever know. But so what?
It doesn't prevent me from showing you that I love you. It's no fucking excuse
Darious! Fear is not an excuse for not showing it!&quot;

He sated at her, quiet, then close his words carefully,
&quot;I know, at this point in time, you are in your own personal hell that no
one can help you with. You are in so much pain all the time that I am afraid to
touch you for fear of making it worse for you.&quot;

Rolling her eyes, she hook her head, &quot;If I couldn't
take it Darious I would have told you to stop, you know that or at least SHOULD
know that. But what you can't seem to get through that thick skull of yours is
I want, no NEED, you to touch me. When you do that I at least feel you do want
me and do care about me.&quot;

Reaching out, he softly stroked her hair, looking into her
eyes, trying to convey that he did care and want her still, &quot;I'm touching
you now Dani. As for showing you I care for you, I tore the city apart looking
for you. If I didn't care I wouldn't have bothered.&quot;

Staring hard at him, she said, softly, &quot;Yes, you would
have. What I did was an affront to who and what you are. It wouldn't have
necessarily been because you cared or was worried about me.&quot;

He stiffened up slightly and looked down at her, &quot;Who
and what I am hasn't seemed to bother you much before now.&quot;

Shaking her head, she sighed, &quot;Never before have you
given me cause for it to bother me Darious.&quot;

He took her chin between his thumb and forefinger, tilting
her head up then looked down into her eyes, &quot;I do care for you Danyealle,
deeply, despite what you may think. I haven't touched you because I'm afraid of
hurting you worse than you are. I care for you so much that is the last thing
in the world I want to do.&quot;

She looked deep into his eyes, &quot;You don't understand
Darious. I WANT you to. I want what we had! Not to be treated like some kind of
cute pet.&quot;

He stroked her chin softly, &quot;I don't treat you like
that Danyealle.&quot;

Nodding, she said, &quot;Yes, you do Darious. That is
exactly how you have been treating me. Like something cute to pet, cuddle and
show off, some kind of toy you are proud to own. Not like someone you profess
to care about.&quot;

He could see the pain in her eyes and sighed deeply,
&quot;Perhaps I have been doing that but only because I am afraid of making
your condition worse. That is because I do care for you Danyealle. All of this
is something that is beyond my understanding, you are well aware of this.&quot;

She shook her head again, &quot;I WANT you to hurt me
Darious! I want what we had! If I wanted to be petted and cuddled on all the
time I would be with Arkady, not you. Why do you think I'm with you? It's
because I love you and that you can give me what I want and crave.&quot;

Sighing again, he said, &quot;It appears I have been remiss
in my treatment of you Danyealle and for that I do apologize. But I did what I
thought was in your best interests. When I see you hurting I feel it as well.
It frightens me. That in its self should tell you just how much I care for and
about you.&quot; He reached out and stroked her hair, &quot;I am frightened by
what is happening to you. Also frightened by what I am feeling for you because
of how it makes me feel. Never in my long existence has this happened to me and
I am ill equipped to deal with it. But I am doing the best I know how to
do.&quot;

She looked up at him, a tear running down her cheek,
&quot;I'm afraid too Darious. And confused about what is happening to me. I am
hurting a lot but what hurts more is I love you so much and to think you have
grown bored with me and don't want me anymore. That is the worse than any kind
of physical pain there is.&quot;

He hugged her to him and stroked her back softly, &quot;I
am sorry for giving you that kind of pain Danyealle, truly I am. Perhaps if I
knew exactly what it is I do feel for you and how it is suppose to feel I could
better be able to deal with all of it. It would, perhaps, make me understand
all of this better. I am muddling through all of this like someone walking
through a dark cave, unable to see anything and bumping and tripping
everywhere. That is something I am unaccustomed to and at times it frightens
and angers me.&quot;

She hugged him tightly then looked up at him, &quot;Do you
want to understand Darious? Do you really want to understand what I feel for
you and how it is supposed to feel? Or are you just paying lip service to it to
make me feel better?&quot;

He looked down at her, nodding, &quot;Yes Danyealle, I do
want to know and understand it. Truly I do want to. But that seems to be out of
the realm of what I can do. My nature seems to not allow it.&quot;

She pulled her shirt off her shoulder and looked up at him,
&quot;Bite me then. With my blood comes all of it as you well know. All my
emotions, all of what I feel, everything.&quot;

He stroked her cheek gently and looked down into her eyes,
&quot;Is this what you want Danyealle? Are you sure about it? I will get more
from you blood than just what you want me to know. I will know everything about
you, your past and present. Everything you once knew and felt. All of it. Are
you sure you want me to know this?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Yes, it's the only way for you to truly
understand any of it. I don't know any other way to get it across to you
because no matter how many times or ways I explain it to you, you will never
understand me. This is the only way Darious.&quot;

Looking deep into her eyes, he said, softly, &quot;Alright
Danyealle.&quot; He kissed her softly then sunk his fangs deep into her
shoulder and started to drink her blood.

She whimpered softly as he bit her but stroked his hair
softly and held still as he drank.

When the blood hit his system the force of it was like
someone had hit him right between his eyes with a 50lb sledgehammer. With her
blood came an emotional flood of memories and feelings like someone had
unleashed a hurricane of emotions in his brain. But what was most overwhelming
was her feelings of hurt and confusing. Beyond that though was what she called
love what she felt about him. He felt it all and it was just what he felt for
her that he hadn't been able to name, until now. With that though, came the
pain she was feeling at his actions towards her. That she felt his actions were
showing that he was growing bored with her and was going to discard her.

After he pulled his fangs out he pulled her onto his lap
and held her close, &quot;I'm sorry Danyealle, I truly am. I really didn't know
what I was doing to you. If I understood it I would never had caused you that
kind of pain.&quot;

She held him close, resting her head on his shoulder,
&quot;I'm also sorry Darious, sorry that I got angry and hit you. I shouldn't
have done that.&quot;

He held her close, stroking her back, &quot;No need to
apologize to me Dani. You had every right to get angry with me. You have needs
and I failed to meet them.&quot;

Nuzzling her face into his neck she said, &quot;I love you
so much Darious that I don't think I could bear to lose you once again.&quot;

He kissed the top of her head, eyes swimming a bit, his
heart beating a rapid tattoo in his chest because for the first time he truly
did understand on some level what he felt for her but couldn't say it, his
nature and what he was preventing it, &quot;I think, for the first time, I do
truly understand the depth of that statement Danyealle.&quot;

She snuggled up closer to him, &quot;Take me home please
Darious.&quot;

Holding her tightly, he said, &quot;OK toy.&quot; He put
his finger under her chin and titled her head up then smiled at her,
&quot;Let's go home.&quot; He then picked her up and carried her, gently, down
to his car.

Chapter 25

&#65279; 

Darious was settled in his chair, watching TV, trying to
relax after a bit of a stressful day. Dani was curled up in his lap in her
feline form, purring softly has he softly stroked up and down her back. As
usual, Darious had a large snifter of brandy sitting on the end table. Picking
it up, he took a drink of it.

After taking a sniff of the air Dani lifted her head and
looked at the glass, whiskers twitching. Inching forward a bit, she took a big
sniff of the dark amber liquid. It smelled really good. Then she stuck her big,
pink tongue out and lapped up a bit of it.

Darious watched her, chuckling deeply.

She looked up at him, licking her nose then meowed.

Scratching her behind her ears he then stroked down her
back, smiling, &quot;Does my favorite kitty want a drink as well?&quot;

She meowed loudly, tail twitching faster and more
purposely.

Chuckling again, he then sat her on the floor and petted
her head, &quot;Wait right there and I'll get you some of your own.&quot;

Looking up at him, she meowed, telling him that she
understood.

&quot;Very good kitty.' He then went into the kitchen and
grabbed a big bowl and poured a generous amount of brandy into it. He walked
back into the living room and sat it on the floor in front of her, &quot;There
you go toy.&quot;

Quickly, she stuck her whole face in it and quickly lapped
it up.

He grinned, watching her. But what he didn't realize that
in her cat form, a much less evolved than either her she-devil or human ones,
the booze would have an almost direct and intense effect that he didn't
anticipate. In her human or she-devil form booze wouldn't have much effect on
her and she would never get drunk. But her feline form was like the physiology
of cat and susceptible to the effects of the alcohol.

When she stood up and started to walk her legs were shaky,
she rubbed against his legs, meowing then started to walk to the sofa, wobbling
slightly.

He watched her, grinning from ear to ear, chuckling. He
realized she was probably feeling pretty good right now, having probably never
been drunk in her long life.

She tried to jump up onto the sofa and missed, sprawling
out on the floor like a bearskin rug.

Despite himself he started to laugh, eyes twinkling
merrily. He walked over and picked her up then put her on the sofa.

Flopping over onto her back, she stared to bat at his hands
playfully, meowing loudly.

Grinning, he stared to tickle her furry stomach, hearing
loud purrs and meows as he did.

Arkady had been in the fireplace room, reading, when he
heard her and came to investigate.

When Dani saw him, he meowed happily then quickly righted
herself and bound off the sofa, once again loosing her footing and ending up
splayed out on the floor.

Watching her, trying not to laugh, Arkady asked Darious,
&quot;Excuse me for asking Sire, but just what is wrong with Milady? She
appears to be a bit ungainly at this moment in time.&quot;

Darious laughed, &quot;There isn't really anything wrong
with her, she's just drunk as a skunk is all. Nothing serious.&quot;

Dani quickly got her feet under her the looped off towards
Arkady, running into the coffee table and knocking it over. She shook it off
then took off again, staggering and wobbling all over. She tried to pounce on
him but missed and flew straight into a nearby garbage can, knocking it over
with a soft thud.

Both Darious and Arkady watched, eyes dancing, laughing.

Batting the offending refuse receptacle away, she started
to pounce and bat the paper that had spilled from it until she lay down and
fell into a drunken slumber.

Darious walked over and picked her up, still chuckling.

Snickering, Arkady said, &quot;What are you going to do if
she wakes up with a hangover Sire?&quot;

Darious looked at him and grinned, &quot;Do they make kitty
Advil?&quot;

Laughing, Arkady shook his head, &quot;I don't believe they
do Sire.&quot;

Chuckling a bit more Darious said, &quot;I'll worry about
that tomorrow if it arises.&quot; He then carried her upstairs and put her on
the bed.

Chapter 26

&#65279; 

Carrying a large bag, Arkady found Darious in his study,
pouring over paperwork. This seemed to be Darious' way of dealing with the
chaos that was going on around him at this point, bury himself in the neat and
orderly world of figures and the steady, on track flow of Triple D. It seemed
any more that all of the time he wasn't spending with Dani he was down here,
buried up to the armpits in paperwork. Arkady cleared his throat and when
Darious looked at him, he smiled and held out the bag, &quot;If I may Sire, I
need a few moments of your time to talk with you.&quot;

Pushing the paperwork aside, Darious leaned back in his
chair and rubbed his face, &quot;What do you need Wolfie?&quot;

Starting to put bottles of medicine on the table, he looked
at Darious, &quot;I have the medicine Lady Julia prescribed for Milady. I just
picked them up and need to go over with you how they should be used and in what
doses to give them to her.&quot;

Patting Arkady on the ass Darious nodded, grinning.
&quot;Very good Wolfie! What kinds do we have?&quot;

Smiling Arkady started handing Darious the bottles,
&quot;There is Valium and Xanax for anxiety. Demerol for the pain. And finally,
Lady Julia put together a lotion that numbs the skin a bit so it should make it
less sensitive.&quot;

&quot;Very good!&quot; Darious said, smiling. &quot;What is
the dosage on them?&quot;

&quot;The lotion can be used every three hours. The
medications are to be given every six to start with. When the effectiveness
wanes, drop it by a half an hour until it's every two hours then we are to call
Lady Julia and she will increase the dosage of them. The dose Milady is getting
is more than 100% more than the maximum dosage a human would take. Lady Julia
says that neither Marcus nor I are to touch them since they could prove to be
toxic to us. Also, Lady Julia asked me to impart to you that when they start
running low to ring her up and she will send refills of them by overnight
massenger. That way Milady will not run out.&quot;

&quot;Nodding, Darious picked up the bottles and looked at
them, &quot;I can do that without a problem. How many pills do we give her at a
time.&quot;

Chuckling a bit Arkady shook his head, &quot;They are not
in pill form Sire. They are suppositories, huge ones at that.&quot;

Darious' head swivelled to face Arkady, eyebrows raised,
&quot;They are what?&quot;

Grinning, Arkady cleared his throat, &quot;You heard me
correctly Sire. Lady Julia also said to impart to you that they are going to
burn like fire but the absorption rate, therefore Milady's relief, is extremely
fast, if that is any consideration for you.&quot;

Darious put his head in his hands and shook it, &quot;It
isn't! Great, just great, she is going to think I am punishing her for
something.&quot;

Arkady sighed and shrugged, &quot;It's the only real way to
give them to her Sire. In pill form she would have to take about 100 tablets at
a time of each and since one of the side effects of them is nausea it is almost
a guarantee that Milady would be unable to keep them down so it would do her no
good.&quot;

Darious picked up the bottles again and looked at them,
squinting, &quot;Just great! How am I going to get her take these things? Tie
her up and use a spreader bar to do it? That would not improve her mood
either.&quot;

Grinning, Arkady said, &quot;That part of this operation I
will leave up to you and your judgment Sire.&quot;

Shaking his head, Darious sighed heavily, &quot;I'm going
to have to watch those damned claws of her or I'll need something when she's
done with me!&quot;

Picking up the jar of Demerol, Arkady handed it to him,
&quot;Give here this first, it will purportedly kill the pain of the others and
get her somewhat doped up. Then, mayhap, we should trim her claws slightly so
we do not have this concern again.&quot;

Sighing heavily, Darious picked up all the bottles,
&quot;OK, here's the plan... get the kitty doped up on genetically engineered
cat nip then give her a pedicure, manicure and body massage.&quot;

Laughing harder, Arkady said, eyes twinkling, &quot;That's
the general idea, yes Sire.&quot;

Darious nodded, and then sighed again, &quot;Theoretically
it should work.&quot; Then he looked over at Arkady, &quot;Oh boy, if she lays
into me I'm going to go after you.&quot;

Grinning from ear to ear Arkady shook his head, &quot;The
Demerol alone should knock Milady senseless for a time. If she does attack you,
you will survive it Sire, I, myself, wouldn't.&quot;

Darious arched an eyebrow at him, &quot;I understand that,
but remember, shit rolls down hill and you are at the bottom of it.&quot;
Darious then winked at him and grinned.

Chuckling more, Arkady said, &quot;This should almost
entirely anesthetize Milady.&quot;

Standing up, Darious stretched out his large frame,
&quot;Well, I guess I'll get upstairs and get this over with. It's been a dull
day and I need some excitement. This should provide that, in spades.&quot;

Trying to suppress a grin, Arkady said, &quot;May I make a
small suggestion Sire?&quot;

&quot;I'll take any suggestion you have. Hell, I'm thinking
about trying a polo mallet and suit of armor but she might get suspicious if I
walk in that way.&quot;

&quot;Nothing that drastic, I assure you. She likes
bondage, get her tied up then give the medication to her that way. Mayhap it
will save wear and tear on your body.&quot;

Darious shook his head, &quot;True, she does but I doubt
with the state she's been in she would let me get away with it.&quot; Darious
scratched his chin, &quot;I'm hoping she's having one her better days so I can
try to reason with her about it.&quot; He then looked at Arkady, &quot;Know
what I'm starting to think?&quot;

&quot;What is that Sire?&quot;

&quot;That all those years of not having PMS might be
catching up with her.&quot;

Chuckling, Arkady replied, &quot;I would guess that is one
way of thinking about the situation Sire. I'll stay down here, so if you need
any help at all just yell for me.&quot;

Darious eyed him, &quot;Oh, I'll be the one yelling for
help NOW but you'll need it when you trim those clews of hers and she finds out
you did it. I feel sorry for you then.&quot;

&quot;I will leave you to the chore and go check on
Marcus.&quot;

Darious grinned at him, &quot;You do that. I think I saw
him hiding in his room, whimpering.&quot;

Arkady grinned and shook his head, &quot;He has more
intelligence than I gave him credit for, he seems to know that he is at least
safe there. I will leave you to it Sire.&quot;

Darious looked up the stairs then shuddered and sighed,
acting as those, when he started up them, he was walking to the gallows.

He found her curled around a pillow in a fetal position,
watching TV. He shut the door quietly behind him and sat down by her on the bed
and stroked her back softly.

She looked up at him, in obvious pain, sweating and shaking
all over.

Stroking her hair, he said softly, &quot;I have some
medicine for you toy.&quot;

She looked at him warily, &quot;What kind of
medicine.&quot;

Rubbing her shoulder softly, he said, voice light, &quot;A
pain killer and some stuff for your anxiety. Also some lotion for your skin
that should numb it a bit so it isn't so sensitive.&quot;

She sat up a little bit, &quot;Give me a glass of water and
I'll take them!&quot;

Scratching his head, he looked down a bit, &quot;Uhh toy?
You don't swallow these.&quot;

She narrowed her eyes and looked at him, &quot;If you don't
swallow them then just how are you suppose to take them? Hmm Darious?&quot;
Growling softly, she stared at him, tail twitching back and forth purposefully
making soft thumping noises on the bed.

Grinning sheepishly, he looked at her, &quot;Well toy, they
are suppositories.&quot;

Glaring at him she let out a long, low warning growl that
said she was not at all happy about this turn of events better than any words
could have articulated.

He pulled out the bottle of Demerol and showed it to her,
&quot;You can't ingest this toy, they'll upset your stomach then you would be
in the bathroom worshiping the porcelain god and it wouldn't have done you any
good at all. This way they will work faster and won't make you puke.&quot;

Growling again, her eyes started to flash and her tail beat
a faster tattoo on the bed. It was obvious that she was quite unhappy with this
explanation.

Lying down beside her, he stroked her back gently.
&quot;I'll be honest and truthful with you, they are going to burn for a while
but after that you will feel much better for a while. Isn't that worth it? The
pain will stop toy.&quot;

She glared at him then an evil grin started to spread
across her face, &quot;OK Darious, I'll tell you what... you take them first
and I'll gauge your reaction to them. Then I'll think about taking them. How
about that?&quot;

Shivering a bit at that thought he then looked at her and
smiled a little, trying to make light of the situation. &quot;What's wrong? I
thought you liked taking it up the ass?&quot;

Rolling her eyes, she shook her head, &quot;I do but not
with a lit torch!&quot;

Sighing deeply, knowing this was getting neither of them
anywhere, he said, in a firm voice, &quot;Now toy, you are going to do this
freely or I will tie you up and give it to you. One way or another you are
going to take the medicine. It's for your own good and you will feel better
afterwards.&quot;

Her eyes flashed and her jaw clenched tightly then she
glared at him, baring her fangs, &quot;I do NOT want to take it.&quot;

Taking a deep breath, he looked at her, concerned,
&quot;Dani, I know it's going to burn but you need it. You can't ingest it
because all it will do is make you puke.&quot; Reaching out, he stroked her
hair softly, &quot;You'll get used to it in a couple days. But in the mean time
you will feel much better. Please toy, take them, for me.&quot;

Backing away from him, she growled long and low, keeping a
close eye on what he was doing.

He sighed deeply again then stroked her cheek softly,
knowing this was going to end up with him forcing her but he was going to make
every effort for it not to end up that way. Her stubborn streak was almost as
big as her bratty streak but he was hoping against hope she would listen long
enough for him to reason with her, &quot;You know I care deeply for you and
wouldn't ask anything if it would harm you in any way. Really Dani, this will
ease your pain and you will feel better in a little while.&quot;

She shook her head vigorously, &quot;I am in enough pain as
it is, I don't need any medicine to make it worse than it already is
Darious!&quot;

&quot;But it won't make it worse! Since you've never taken
it before it should take effect quickly and you will be out of pain.&quot;

Setting her jaw stubbornly she said, &quot;You take it
first so I can see your reaction to it then I will THINK about taking it.&quot;

&quot;You don't get it do you? I guess we are going to have
to do this the hard way.&quot; He said, shaking his head. She was still
partially curled up so he grabbed her and pulled her onto his lap that way,
holding onto her best he could.

But it wasn't good enough, she howled and fought him,
shredding his shirt and jeans, leaving deep claw marks in his flesh.

He was finally able to get her somewhat held still then
grabbed the Demerol. It was about four inches long and approximately a half an
inch around. Being thankful she only had a thong on under the t-shirt she was
wearing, he got it shoved aside and, using one finger was able to insert it
deep into her rectum. He left his finger in place so that she couldn't force it
back out before it dissolved.

Her reaction was immediate when the caustic bullet touched
the sensitive lining, howling in pain as it started to dissolve. It felt as
though her whole backside had caught fire. She continued yowling and shaking
until after about 10 minutes it started to take effect and she fell limp, her
eyes taking on a glazed look and started to droop shut.

He felt her whole body relax and heard her start to purr
unevenly. When he felt the Demerol had dissolved enough he quickly gave her the
other two. It was apparent to him that at this point she was completely and
totally stoned. Within about 15 minutes she was laying there, humming and
giggling to herself, almost like she was drunk.

He picked her up gently and laid her on the bed then stood
up, wincing. Looking down at his shredded and bloody clothes he said,
&quot;Damn it! There goes a good pair of jeans.&quot; He looked over at her
sprawled on the bed, humming to herself, her tail twitching back and forth
jerkily, chuckling, &quot;The kitty loved her cat nip.&quot; He then stepped out
into the hallway and called for Arkady.

Quickly, Arkady appeared beside him, looking him up and
down, trying not to laugh, &quot;Get into a cat fight with her Sire?&quot; He
asked, eyes twinkling.

Rolling his eyes, Darious sighed, &quot;She was mildly
disagreeable about the situation.&quot;

Grinning, Arkady chuckled, &quot;If you look like this
after she was just mildly disagreeable I would hate to see the condition you
would be in after she got downright hostile.&quot;

&quot;I would be limping.&quot; Darious said, chuckling
deeply and shaking his head.

&quot;My guess would be more like missing appendages and
body parts.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;True. Well, get the bolt cutters and
belt sander, we have some work to do.&quot;

Arkady produced the trimmers and file from his pocket,
&quot;I took the liberty of getting what we would need ready before hand.&quot;

Darious clapped him on the back, &quot;Good man. Let's get
to it then.&quot; He then led Arkady into the room. &quot;Don't be surprised if
she starts singing, she is a bit out there right now.&quot;

&quot;After taking that much dope I wouldn't be surprised
if Milady were not floating a couple feet above the bed.&quot;

Darious chuckled, &quot;She is I believe.&quot;

She was sprawled out on the bed, purring happily, batting
at her own tail, giggling drunkenly.

Looking at her, Darious shook his head, chuckling, &quot;She
is feeling no pain I see.&quot;

Dani must have heard them because she flopped over onto her
stomach then waved to them, purring loudly, her tail jerking back and forth
behind her drunkenly.

Arkady turned his back to the bed, shoulders shaking with
suppressed laughter.

Sitting down beside her, Darious rubbed her shoulder a bit,
&quot;Well toy, we are going to give you a treat... a manicure, pedicure and a
massage. A day of pampering for my favorite puddy tat, so why don't you lay
back and enjoy it.&quot;

Dani looked up at him, grinning hugely, &quot;Ohh, sounds
like fun!&quot; She then plopped her right hand is his lap, &quot;Have at
it.&quot; Darious picked her up and sat down at the head of the bed with her
curled up in his lap, purring unevenly. He held one of her hands while Arkady
cut and filed down her fingernails one by one. If they were short in her human
form they would also be short and blunted in her other forms as well.

Dani started to playfully bat and nip at Darious hands,
purring loudly, making his whole body shiver.

Grinning down at her, he started to tickle her here and
there.

She giggled and started to paw at him playfully.

He tickled under her chin, eliciting a gale of giggles from
her before she shifted to her feline form and started playing with him again.

Darious petted, ticked and rubbed her furry belly causing
loud, happy purrs and reows from her, her tail swishing back and forth behind
her happily. He then looked down at Arkady to see how he was doing.

Arkady gave him a thumbs up, her shifting had actually made
his job quicker and a lot easier.

When Arkady finished Darious gave her her favorite chew toy
and let her go. She bounded around on the bed, playing with it and batting it
around. She was staggering and weaving drunkenly and almost fell off several
times.

Darious watched her, concerned, for a few minutes, he was
amused by it yes but he was also worried she would fall of and hurt herself.
After a few minutes he called her over to him then picked her up, cradling her
like he would have a baby then carried her downstairs, stroking her softly and
cuddling her close, to their fireplace room. The whole floor was covered with
pillows so it was soft and she wouldn't hurt herself.

When he let her down she bounded off among the pillows,
enjoying herself. Arkady watched over Darious' shoulder, smiling.

Darious watched her for a few minutes then looked at
Arkady, &quot;Tomorrow I have a job for you and Marcus. I want you to pad the
walls halfway up and the hearth. Then insulate it so it's soundproofed. She
might be more comfortable down here than in the bedroom.&quot;

Nodding, Arkadys eyes followed her as she bounded around,
&quot;You are right Sire, and I do believe Milady would much prefer it in here.
I will most assuredly get it done as quickly as possible.&quot;

Nodding to him, Darious then sat down and started to
roughhouse a bit with her until she curled up and dozed off.

Chapter 29

&#65279; 

She was soaking in the bathtub when Marcus poked his head
in the door, &quot;I'm going to be cleaning your bedroom. I wanted to tell you
so you didn't walk out and get a fright.&quot; He did want to warn her but he
also wanted to get a long, good look at her naked. His eyes raked up and down
her naked, wet flesh.

She opened her eyes and looked at him, yawning, &quot;OK
Marcus, thanks.&quot; She shifted around a little bit and shut her eyes again.

He ogled her another minute, then said, &quot;You need
anything, just yell.&quot;

She muttered another thanks and started to doze off again,
submerging herself deeper in the warm scented water.

He watched her for a couple more minutes, his erection poking
out the front of his loincloth. He then sighed and withdrew to the bedroom and
started to clean it, taking his time and doing it slowly.

She dozed off and on for the next half an hour until the
water cooled down. She then got out and drained the tub. She dried off then
wrapped a towel around herself and walked into the bedroom. Marcus was dusting
and straightening things up. She ignored him like she normally did and got some
clean clothes. She then dropped her towel and started to get dressed.

He stopped what he was doing and watched her. When she bent
over to pull her socks on his eyes glued to her bald pussy and ass, licking his
lips. He reached down and rubbed his straining hard-on through the fabric. His
eyes followed her as she leaned over and picked up her shirt and put it on.
When she bent over to pull her tong on he said, &quot;You have a beautiful
cunt.&quot;

She turned and looked at him, frowning, &quot;Excuse
me?&quot;

He grinned wickedly at her, leaning against the bedpost,
&quot;I was just admiring that pretty pussy of yours. Mmm, let it tastes yummy.
I know it likes to get fucked, that much I've seen. It can take everything
Darious and Arkady can give it. And boy does it smell nice.&quot; He cocked his
head to one side and grinned.

She looked at him, eyes narrowing. She didn't like him at
all, and trusted him even less, but put up with him because Darious said he had
to be here. She growled, &quot;Don't you dare talk to me that way. Keep it up
and I will tell Darious.&quot;

He chuckled and shook his head, &quot;Big fucking deal.
It's your word against mine.

Besides, everyone knows by now you are nuts so no one is
going to believe anything you have to say.&quot; He took a step closer to her,
eyes glued to her chest. &quot;You're no better than I am, you're just Darious'
favorite because you have a cunt instead of a cock. So, tell me, is your twat
still nice and tight? It shouldn't be, because of all the fucking it
gets.&quot;

She glowered at him then yelled, &quot;Darious, could you
come here please?&quot;

Marcus glared at her, but said nothing.

Darious was down in the kitchen when he heard her yell. He
hurried up to their bedroom, finding her glaring at Marcus, fangs bared.
&quot;Yes? What do you need, toy?&quot;

Her eyes never left Marcus' face, &quot;You need to do
something about this foul-mouthed puppy of yours.&quot;

Darious' brow furrowed, &quot;Huh?&quot;

Dani looked at him, eyes flashing, arms folded across her
chest, I'm tired of his lewd comments and being leered at by him.&quot;

Darious looked at her and saw she was genuinely pissed then
turned to Marcus, &quot;Is this true?&quot;

Marcus glared at her, &quot;She's walking around naked in
front of me and bending over so what do you expect from me?&quot;

Darious' eyes grew cold, &quot;She's not yours, she's mine.
Therefore it's not your place to neither look nor comment. She is my sub, you
are a slave, lesser than she is, therefore you need to keep a civil tongue in
your head and your eyes off of her.&quot;

Marcus' jaw tightened, &quot;I am still a man and look when
it is flaunted in my face.&quot;

Darious got up in his face, &quot;You are not a man, you
are a possession, that is all.&quot;

Marcus looked into his eyes, gaze steady, &quot;It is just
natural instinct for a man to look at a beautiful naked woman.&quot;

Darious was getting very angry. He shoved Marcus against
the wall and held him there, eyes boring into him. He then looked at Dani,
&quot;What exactly did he say to you, toy?&quot;
She leaned against the bedpost and looked at Darious, then told him.

He nodded to her, &quot;OK toy.&quot; He then turned back
to Marcus, glaring at him, more infuriated. &quot;It is not your place
to look at her, nor to comment. Furthermore, you do not make such comments
around a lady, especially one who belongs to me!&quot;

Marcus sighed, &quot;Ok, ok, now I know better, I won't do
it again.&quot;

Darious growled loudly, &quot;You should have known better
the day you got here!&quot;

Marcus tried to look contrite, &quot;I have learned my
lesson, Master, and will never do it again.&quot;

Darious looked hard at him, reading him then glared,
&quot;You were given the laws the day you moved in and you have broken two of
them today. And for that you will be punished.&quot;

Marcus' eyes grew wide then he tried to bluff his way out.
&quot;Master I don't remember those rules, I'm sorry.&quot;

Darious levelled his gaze with Marcus'. &quot;If you can't
remember, then I shall reiterate them for you.&quot; He then quickly went back
over the rules through clenched teeth, glaring. &quot;As you just heard, you
have broken two of the biggest ones.&quot;

Marcus lowered his eyes and tried to look ashamed of
himself. &quot;I will do better, I swear it.&quot;

Darious stared hard at him, eyes cold, &quot;I fail to
believe you.&quot;

Marcus sighed, &quot;I will do better from now on, you have
my word on it.&quot;

Darious stared into his eyes, searching his mind to see if
he was truly repentant and found him not to be. He growled loudly, &quot;I
still don't believe you. You seem to forget just who and what I am. You also forget
that I can read your soul so you can hide nothing from me.&quot;

Marcus sighed deeply, &quot;Believe me; I remember exactly
what you are. How could I forget?&quot;

Darious took a couple steps back and glared at him, eyes
cold and hard, &quot;Know what, slave? I believe in object lessons.&quot; He
grabbed ahold of Marcus' hair. &quot;You are about to see my dungeon for the
first time.&quot; He looked at Dani, &quot;Toy, get Arkady and follow.&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Yes M'Lord.&quot;

Darious looked at her and smiled, &quot;Very good,
toy.&quot; He then started to drag Marcus out the door.

Marcus followed quickly so his hair didn't get yanked out,
muttering, &quot;This is bullshit. She stands there in front of me naked, I'm
going to look. I ain't blind after all.&quot;

Darious stopped and slammed him into the closest wall with bone
jarring force then got into his face. &quot;You need discipline. Your former
Master was weak and lacked discipline. You're my property now, and you need to
learn that. My bitch, my property. I own you and all that you have. The only
reason you have anything, including your life, is because I allow it. Got me,
bitch?&quot; His eyes were glowing brightly.

Marcus gulped loudly, &quot;Yes Master.&quot;

Darious squinted at him, &quot;I still fail to believe you.
If I want anymore lip from you I'll rattle my zipper.&quot; He grabbed a handful
of his hair and drug him the rest of the way to the dungeon.

This was Marcus' first trip to the dungeon. He looked
around at the implements of pain and suffering wide-eyed, obviously scared, and
trembling all over.

Darious had him strip, then gagged and shackled him spread
eagle, facing his chair. He then spread out a big fluffy mat out directly in
front of his chair.

Dani and Arkady showed up and stood, waiting, for Darious
to see them.

Darious looked at them and nodded towards the mat,
&quot;You may sit there, and I want you both to watch.&quot;

Dani and Arkady both nodded and went to the mat. Arkady sat
down cross-legged. Dani lay down with her head in his lap. She could feel him
trembling. Arkady was scared to death of this room and it showed. She stroked
his leg softly, trying to comfort him.

Darious nodded at them then grabbed a short whip off a
nearby rack and stepped behind Marcus. He looked over at Dani and Arkady,
&quot;What we have here is a possession that thinks it's equal to me. We have
here a piece of property that thinks it can leer, look upon, and make
suggestive comments to my property. We have here a thing that had lied to me.
We have here a bitch dog that doesn't know discipline.&quot; He looked at
Arkady, &quot;What do I do to bitches who don't know discipline? Speak,
Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady gulped then said softly, &quot;You punish them,
Sir.&quot;

He nodded then directed his gaze at Dani, &quot;What do I
do with pieces of property that lie and think they are better than their
Master? Speak, toy.&quot;

She looked at him, licking her lips, &quot;M'Lord you
punish them severely.&quot;

He grabbed Marcus' hair and yanked his head back and
growled loudly, then said in a cold, hard voice, &quot;What do I do to a slave
who thinks he can get over on me, pup? He chuckled and grinned evilly.

Arkady was pale and shaking, scared shitless. Dani took his
hand and held it, trying to comfort him the best she could while watching
intently, eyes bright, obviously turned on.

Darious shifted fully, still holding tightly to Marcus'
hair, looking at him. He grinned evilly then said softly, &quot;I break
them.&quot; He released his hair and took a couple steps back and started to
whip him as hard as he could, leaving welts and bruises in his wake.

Arkady was rocking back and forth, moaning and whimpering
softly, eyes wide and terror filled. He was having flashbacks of what Jade did
to him in the 150 years they were together. He clutched onto Dani's hand so
tightly her fingers turned white. She stroked his leg softly, trying to convey
that he was fine and that Darious would never, ever do that to him.

Marcus was a powerful man that had been beaten on before so
he held out for a long time. He had bitten down so hard on the ball gag that
his teeth had sunk into it to keep from screaming. But after a half an hour, he
sagged against the chains, head drooped forward, exhausted. He was covered from
head to toe in welts and bruises, some of them oozing blood.

Darious took several steps back, panting. He lay the whip
down on the nearby table and caught his breath, eyes glowing, glaring at
Marcus. He pulled his clothes off, then stepped back behind him and unshackled
him and shoved him down onto the floor on all fours. He straddled his back and
grabbed his hair to hold him upright. He looked at Arkady and growled,
&quot;Bring me the lube now, Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady looked at him, shuddering but said, &quot;Yes,
Sir.&quot; He was on his feet quickly and retrieved it, handing it to Darious,
shaking and quivering all over.

Darious looked at Arkady, eyes softening. He stroked his
ass softly and said so softly Marcus couldn't hear, &quot;You have nothing to
fear from me, Wolfie. We'll discuss it further when I am done.&quot;

Arkady relaxed and took a couple steps back, nodding.

Darious looked at Arkady, then to Dani. &quot;Both of you
come here and prep my cocks.&quot; He yanked harder on Marcus' hair, &quot;I
want them nice and slick so my cocks slide easily into this slave's tight
ass.&quot;

Marcus' eyes flew wide open and were terror-filled. He had
never been fucked in the ass before, and he sure didn't want to do it now under
these circumstances. He whimpered loud enough it could be heard by the people
in the room, loud and clear.

Dani was off the mat and over to Darious so fast it was
almost a blur, just about knocking Arkady over in the process. She knelt down
and looked up at Darious, licking her lips.

He grinned wickedly at her. He squeezed some lube out on
both his cocks then nodded to both of them. Arkady wrapped his hand around one
and rubbed it in. Dani also wrapped her hand around the other but while she
rubbed it around, she sucked on the head, getting it wet and slippery.

He let her have fun for a couple of minutes, watching her,
eyes bright, then said, &quot;That's enough.&quot;

Both backed off and awaited his next order. Dani watched
him closely, licking her lips.

Darious looked at both of them, then down to the shaking
Marcus and chuckled deeply, &quot;I want you both to hold him still.&quot; He
then knelt down behind him.

Arkady knelt in front of Marcus and put him in a semi-half
nelson, holding onto him tightly. Dani sat on the small of his back, wrapping
her legs around his so he couldn't close or move them. She then wrapped her
tail around his waist, holding on tightly to him. She reached down and spread
his ass cheeks apart, looking up at Darious.

He grinned at Dani then rubbed one of his cocks against
Marcus' asshole. He heard him whimpering and moaning then chuckled. He then
placed it on his asshole and slammed it in, hard, all the way into him.

Marcus arched up and screamed against the gag. It hurt,
badly, feeling as though his ass had been ripped apart.

Darious didn't give him time to relax and get used to it,
just started to pound into his ass as hard as he could, grinding hard. He dug
his claws into his hips. Then leaned forward and kissed Dani roughly, growling
into her mouth.

She let go of Marcus' cheeks and reached down to wrap her
hand around Darious' other cock, playing with it.

Darious pounded into him hard, then looked at Arkady.
&quot;Go get the adjustable cock ring and put it on him. I don't want him to be
able to release.&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; He released Marcus and
quickly got up to retrieve it.

Marcus was whimpering and moaning loudly. His cock was rock
hard and throbbing despite hating what was being done to him.

Arkady retrieved it, then knelt down beside Marcus and
quickly affixed it around his throbbing cock.

Darious continued to pound into him until Marcus was
sobbing into the gag and his ass was sore. Darious then started to cum deep
into his bowels. Dani and Arkady were both used to the icy coldness of his cum
but Marcus wasn't and it was a rude surprise for him, causing him to scream in
agony.

Darious let his cock slide out and stood up, glaring down
at Marcus. He then looked at Arkady, &quot;Get undressed, Wolfie. I want you to
fuck him and cum in his ass. Don't be gentle with him; I want him to feel
it.&quot; He looked at Marcus and chuckled evilly, &quot;Besides, it's just
property, so you don't need to worry about hurting it.&quot;

Marcus moaned at that statement. When Arkady got undressed,
knelt behind him and tried to enter him Marcus wiggled all over and tried to
pull away.

Darious stepped in front of him and held him still,
&quot;You aren't going anywhere, slave. You are going to hold still and take
it.&quot;

Dani lay back across his back and looked up at Darious, her
legs still wrapped around Marcus'.

Arkady quickly entered him and started to hammer into him.

Darious looked down at Dani and licked his fangs, grinning
at her, then grabbed Marcus' hair and yanked his head back. He looked deep into
his eyes. He could see the pain and a deep humiliation in them. Darious
chuckled deeply then spoke, &quot;I'm not done with you yet slave, not by a
long shot. Before I'm done tonight you will learn the meaning of the word
slave, and just how it applies to your station. You will learn you are a slave,
less than nothing, a possession for me to do with what I want.&quot;

Marcus' eyes widened. He was scared and it was very much
evident on his face.

The more frightened Marcus got the more his asshole
tightened down on Arkadys' cock. Arkady continued to fuck him, moaning loudly,
body bathed in sweat. Finally, he let out a strangled cry and started to cum
deep in Marcus' ass. When he was done his cock slid out and he sat down,
panting, trying to catch his breath.

Darious let Arkady rest for a couple minutes, then said,
&quot;Hold him still, Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady stood up and grabbed hold of Marcus, &quot;Yes
Sir.&quot;

He walked over to one of the racks and grabbed a couple
things off it. &quot;Come here, toy.&quot;

She was off Marcus and over to Darious quickly. He had her
get undressed then put a strap-on on her and buckled it around her waist. He
then led her back to Marcus and had her kneel behind him. &quot;I want you to
fuck it good and hard.&quot;

She looked down at the huge dildo jutting from her pelvis
and chuckled evilly. It was a good 12 inches long and about three inches around,
much bigger than either of the men. She looked up at him and grinned evilly,
'Yes, M'Lord.&quot;

When Marcus heard her chuckle and felt it touch his tightly
clenched asshole, he started to try and pull away from her and Arkady. He knew
how much she hated him, and that she was as at least as sadistic as Darious. He
also knew that what she was going to do was going to hurt and be infinitely
more humiliating than had happened previously. He knew it was going to
eventually happen, but he wasn't going to make it easy on them.

Darious growled when he started fighting. &quot;Hold him,
Wolfie.&quot; Arkady held him down the best he could while Darious quickly
retrieved some shackles and chains. While Arkady held onto him Darious shackled
him on all fours to where he was spread out and couldn't move. He then stood up
and glared at Marcus. He then looked at Dani and nodded, &quot;Have at it,
toy.&quot;

She chuckled evilly then slammed every inch of it deep into
his ass in one hard stroke. She heard Marcus' muffled screams as it entered
him. She ground it around hard before she started fucking him as hard as she
could, a lot harder than Arkady had.

Marcus looked up at Darious, eyes pleading with him to stop
it, obviously humiliated.

Darious looked down at him and chuckled, &quot;What's the
matter, slave? Not liking getting your ass broken in? Too fucking bad. Maybe
after this you'll learn to remember the rules.&quot; He looked at Arkady,
&quot;Ungag the slave.&quot; He then walked over and grabbed a large pair of
pliers then stepped back in front of him.

Arkady quickly ungagged him and stepped back, watching
Darious.

When the gag came off Marcus looked at Darious, eyes
pleading. &quot;Please Master, no more. I will do as I'm told. Please. I've
learned my lesson, I swear. Please stop it Master, please.&quot; He was almost
babbling trying to get it across that he would indeed now behave and obey the
rules.

Darious stood in front of him, grabbed a handful of his
hair and yanked his head back. He looked down at him, eyes cold and hard.
&quot;You are a slave, what you want and what you say is wholly immaterial. You
are here to be used any way I see fit. Since you have gotten here somehow you
seemed to have forgotten that fact.&quot; He grabbed hold of one of his cocks
and put it to Marcus' lips, holding the pliers where he could see them.
&quot;You are going to suck my cock and make me cum then you will swallow it.
If you bite me I will yank every one of your teeth out.&quot; He grabbed the
back of his head and pulled his mouth closer to his cock. IF you scream I will
fuck your mouth and cum then you will swallow it anyway.&quot;

Dani ground the dildo deep into his ass as hard as she
could, making sure it rubbed roughly against his prostate, ensuring that she
was hurting him as much as she could.

Arkady had flattened himself against the nearest wall, cringing.

Marcus looked up at Darious' cock, petrified at the thought
of having to suck on it.

Darious rubbed the head of his cock against his lips,
glaring down at him, growling loudly, fangs bared.

Marcus reluctantly opened his mouth and let Darious push it
into his mouth. But he didn't like it one little bit, though he was careful not
to bite down on it.

Darious held his head firmly, sliding his cock in and out,
growling until he came. Then he slid his other one in its place, repeating what
he had just done.

Dani continued fucking him hard and fast, eyes glued to
them. The sight of Marcus sucking Darious' cock was turning her on more than
she was before. She looked up into Darious' eyes, giving him that 'I want
fucked' look, biting her bottom lip.

Marcus continued sucking him the best he could, not liking
it at all, but trying to do the best he could so he didn't piss Darious off
anymore than he already was.

Darious threw his head back and groaned, then flooded
Marcus' mouth. He pulled it out and glared down at him, growling softly.

Marcus' head hung forward, thoroughly dejected and
humiliated, trying to catch his breath. Cum was running out of the corners of
his mouth and down his chin. All he could taste was Darious. But that wasn't
the worst f it, the worst was being reamed with a strap-on by the woman he
desired and wanted to fuck. Plus she was making sure he felt it and that it
hurt, badly.

Darious stared coldly at Marcus for a couple more minutes
then turned to Arkady, &quot;Do you want your cock sucked, Wolfie?&quot;

Arkady looked at Darious and licked his lips nervously,
&quot;Yes Sir, I most certainly would like that.&quot;

Darious chuckled at him, he was used to his formality by
now but it still struck him as funny at times. He beckoned him over and had him
stand in front of Marcus, his cock to his lips. He stroked his back softly,
&quot;I want you to fuck his mouth good, Wolfie. Use his mouth for your own
pleasure. &quot;He patted Arkady's ass softly, then glared down at Marcus
again, &quot;The same rules apply to Arkady as they do to me. You bite him, I
will yank your teeth out.&quot;

Arkady eased his cock into Marcus' mouth and started to
fuck it slowly.

Marcus did what he could to please Arkady, keeping a close
eye on Darious, petrified of what he would do to him next. Dani was making sure
she was dragging the dildo across his prostate, so by now he desperately wanted
to cum, his cock and balls throbbing madly.

Darious watched Marcus closely. When he was sure he wasn't
going to try anything stupid he walked behind him and stood behind Dani and ran
his claws through her hair.

She looked up at him, purring loudly, obviously very turned
on.

He chuckled deeply and grinned at her, &quot;Hmm, doing a
good job there, toy.&quot; He knelt down behind her and started to pinch and
pull on her nipples. He nipped her ear softly and growled then whispered,
&quot;Is there something my toy wants? Hmm?&quot;

She leaned her head back on his shoulder and looked up at
him, growling softly. She licked her lips and whispered, &quot;I want your
cocks, M'Lord. I need your cocks, please.&quot;

He nipped her ear again and pressed his cocks against her
ass. He pulled her closer against him. &quot;My toy wants to feel my cocks in
her hot holes, hmm? Well, then my cocks she shall get.&quot; He reached down
and pulled the strap on aside then slid them deep into both her holes.

She moaned loudly and arched up, driving the dildo deeper
into Marcus' ass causing him to squeal around Arkady's cock.

He held her hips still and started to pound into her as
hard as he could. He knew every time he slammed into her, the dildo slammed
into Marcus equally as hard.

She ground down onto him hard, trying to get him deeper
into her. She leaned back against him, her head resting back on his shoulder,
moaning loudly.

He held her tightly to him, giving her just what she
wanted. He looked at Arkady. He was holding onto Marcus' head, sliding his cock
in and out of his mouth. His head was thrown back and his eyes were shut,
groaning and moaning loudly. Darious grinned, fangs glistening,
&quot;Wolfie?&quot;

Arkady opened his eyes and looked at Darious. &quot;Yes
Sir?&quot; He asked, voice deep and husky.

Darious grinned at him, &quot;I want you to cum in his
mouth as many times as you can. I want it to learn to like the taste of cum
since it will be swallowing a lot of it from this day forward.&quot; He raked
his claws across the welts on Marcus' ass, breaking some of them open. &quot;I
want it to learn that it is no better than a piece of furniture, that we can do
whatever we feel like to it.&quot;

Marcus whimpered on Arkadys cock when he felt Darious'
claws on his ass.

Arkady tightened his grip on Marcus' head and thrust his
cock harder and faster in his mouth. His whole body tightened up and he threw
his head back, moaning loudly, then thrust his cock all the way into his mouth,
almost gagging him on it. Arkady started to cum, howling loudly. He held
tightly until his balls emptied, then he slipped his cock out of Marcus' mouth
and collapsed on the floor, panting.

Darious watched Arkady, nodding. &quot;Very good,
Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady looked at Darious, panting, eyes slightly unfocused,
&quot;Thank you, Sir.&quot;

Darious reached between Dani's legs and started to rub her
clit. He growled in her ear, &quot;Cum for me, toy. Cum for your Lord.&quot;

She ground her pussy down onto his hand, whimpering loudly,
shaking all over. She reached down and put her hand over his, pressing it
harder onto her clit. She ground her pussy harder onto his hand, getting it all
wet. She bit her bottom lip and started to cum, whimpering and moaning,
grinding onto his cock.

He let her finish then pulled out. She looked up at him, purring
loudly, &quot;More please, M'Lord.&quot;

He grinned at her, stroking her hair. &quot;Mmm, my horny
little toy. I'll give you all you want, but a little later, after I finish
teaching the slave the error of his ways.&quot; He grabbed her waist and pulled
her back, pulling the dildo out of his ass. He unbuckled it and took it off her
then tossed it aside. He patted her on the ass, &quot;Go sit by Wolfie and rest
a bit.&quot;

She kissed him on the cheek, &quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot; Then
moved and sat back down on the mat by Arkady. He sat behind her, wrapping his
arms around her waist and holding her tightly to him.

Darious nodded to Arkady then knelt behind Marcus and
slammed his cock back into his ass roughly, eliciting a strangled cry from
Marcus. He then started to pound hard and fast into his ass.

Marcus was biting his bottom lip, quivering and shaking all
over. His balls were throbbing badly, demanding release. As a matter of fact
they were stating to hurt badly from the lack of it.

Darious quickly came again, flooding his ass. He then stood
back in front of him, glaring, fangs bared.

Marcus kept his head lowered, whimpering. He winced at the
throbbing pain in his groin from his blue balls.

Darious growled loudly then grabbed his hair and yanked his
head up, &quot;You want to cum, don't you slave?&quot;

Marcus looked at him, eyes wide, &quot;Yes, Master. I want
to cum so bad it hurts.&quot;

Darious glared at him, &quot;I am not going to remove the
cock ring and you will not cum. You deliberately broke and disobeyed my
laws and are being punished for it. As a matter of fact, from now until I say
differently to remind you at all times just how much you have displeased me you
will not be wearing your loin cloth but a French maid's uniform.&quot;

Dani put her hand to her mouth and giggled madly. Even the
sedate Arkady lowered his head and grinned at the thought of the big, macho,
manly Marcus dressed the frilly black skirt.

Darious gave Marcus a hard, cold look, &quot;Anytime Arkady
wants to fuck you, he can. You are my property, my slave, he has rights and
privileges, and you don't. He can fuck you all he likes and you will learn to
like it. Dani can put a strap-on on and use and abuse your ass whether you like
it or not, but you will grow to like it. If they want to whip you they can, and
you will learn to like it.&quot; Darious squinted and growled at him,
&quot;Anytime they want to whip, fuck, beat, tease, claw, cut, spank or
anything else they feel like doing to you, they can do it, anytime, anywhere,
anyplace. Whether you were good or bad is immaterial. You are a slave, a
possession, your only goal and meaning is to please them. But above all else,
you will please me. I own you.&quot;

He gripped his hair tighter, &quot;I own your hair.&quot;
He gripped his bicep hard, &quot;I own your arms.&quot; He raked his claws down
his back, &quot;I own your back.&quot; He stepped behind him and swatted him
against the back of the thighs, &quot;I own your legs.&quot; He did it across
his ass, marking him, breaking the skin. &quot;I own your ass.&quot; He reached
between his legs and spanked his balls hard, causing Marcus to cry out in pain,
&quot;I own your balls.&quot; He spanked his cock hard, &quot;I own your
cock.&quot; He stepped back in front of him and yanked his head back, looking
deep into his eyes, &quot;I own you. I own every inch of your body. It's mine.
You're my slave, my property.&quot; He grinned evilly at him, &quot;Your name
from now on is slave and will be referred to by no other.&quot; He looked over
at Dani and Arkady, &quot;From this moment forward this thing's name is slave.
You will refer to him by no other name. Do you understand?&quot;

Arkady shivered and looked down, &quot;I understand you and
will comply, Sir.&quot;

Dani looked at Darious, eyes bright, &quot;Yes,
M'Lord.&quot;

Marcus looked at Darious, petrified; shaking all over,
wondering what he was going to do to him next.

Darious nodded at them then looked back down at Marcus,
fangs bared, &quot;Since I own you and you're mine, I could end your miserable
life now and no one would care. Since you are property I could end your measly
existence now and nobody would care because you're nothing but property.&quot;
He gradually lowered his voice until he was speaking in a barely audible
whisper, eyes flashing and fangs bared.

Marcus' eyes widened until they looked like saucers and he
gulped loudly. What Darious just said scared him shitless.

Arkady looked down, whimpering softly, thinking this was
worse than what Jade used to do. Dani rubbed his hands softly trying to put him
more at ease.

Darious glared down at Marcus, &quot;Do you get me,
slave?&quot;

Marcus nodded vigorously, &quot;Yes I do, Master.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;Good.&quot; He walked around him and
gave him a swift kick in the ribs, hearing him yelp. He chuckled deeply, then
looked at Dani and Arkady. He pointed to Marcus, &quot;This thing stays down
here just how it is until I deem it is fit enough to move. Do you both
understand me?&quot;

Dani looked at Darious and smiled, &quot;Yes, M'Lord.&quot;

Arkady lowered his eyes, shivering, &quot;I understand you,
Sir.&quot;

Darious cocked his head and looked at the obviously
terrified Arkady. He walked over and stroked his hair softly, then caressed
down his cheek, smiling at him. &quot;It's OK, Wolfie.&quot; He said, smiling
down at him.

Arkady looked up at him, starting to relax a little bit.

Darious took his chin gently between his thumb and
forefinger. &quot;Go upstairs to my bedroom and get the French maid's uniform
out of my closet. But don't bring the panties, it won't be needing those. Then
go in the bathroom and get the wax kit. Bring it all back down.&quot;

Dani leaned against Arkady, laughing her ass off.
&quot;Don't forget the feather duster.&quot;

Darious' eyes twinkled and he grinned, &quot;Good idea,
toy. Bring the feather dusters too, Wolfie.&quot;

Even Arkady started to chuckle, &quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; He
got up and left the room.

Marcus was whimpering loudly, looking down at the floor,
shaking so badly the chains were rattling.

Darious looked at Marcus coldly then growled, &quot;You
lose any bodily functions on the floor and you will lick it up.&quot;

Marcus' asshole tightened and puckered up, moaning softly
to himself.

Dani looked up at Darious, eyes bright, obviously very
turned on. She spread her legs apart so he could see how wet she was.

Darious looked down at her, grinning, &quot;My toy is being
so naughty, as usual. Is there something you want, hmmm toy?&quot;

She licked her lips and purred loudly. &quot;I want you to
do to me what you just did to your slave, only harder and rougher,
M'Lord.&quot;

He chuckled deeply, eyes twinkling, &quot;Do you now?&quot;
He chuckled again then addressed Marcus without looking at him. &quot;Did you
hear that, slave? She wants what I did you, but more of it.&quot;

Marcus shook his head, thinking she was totally insane to
want what just happened to him.

Darious looked at Dani and grinned, then walked over to the
shackles hanging from the ceiling. He folded his arms across his chest and
stared, hard, at her. &quot;Come here now, toy.&quot; He said voice hard and
commanding.

She got up and started towards him. As she walked by Marcus
she gave him a swift kick in the ass then stood in front of him, glaring down
at him. &quot;You are such a wuss.&quot; She sneered. I'm about to get beat
worse than you were, and I'll like it too.&quot;

Darious chuckled deeply then said, &quot;Now, toy!&quot;

Dari turned away from him and walked over to Darious but
not before she let lose a cloud of scent in Marcus' face, causing his cock and
balls to throb and hurt worse than they were before.

Darious shackled her spread-eagled, then proceeded for the
next two hours to beat and fuck her harder, and a whole lot rougher, than he
had to Marcus. She hung there begging him for more and to do it harder.

Marcus watched Darious, shuddering and turning pale at just
how rough Darious could get. Every so often he would start to beg to be able to
cum.

Arkady came back in soon after Darious started with Dani.
He laid the stuff on Darious' chair, then sat to watch. Watching him beat Dani
didn't bother him since he learned shortly after he moved in how much Dani
loved being hurt and begged to have it done, that she actually got off on pain.

When he was done with her, he let her down, carried her
over to the mat, and laid her down with her head in Arkadys lap.

Arkady stroked her hair softly, hearing her purr happily.
He looked up at Darious and smiled.

Darious looked at her and chuckled, &quot;One very
satisfied putty tat.&quot; He looked at Arkady and stroked his hair softly. He
then turned back to Marcus. He walked behind him and reached down between his
legs, checking his balls. They were swollen, throbbing, and heavy in his hand.
He gave an evil chuckle then squeezed them a little.

Marcus let out a high pitched squeal and started to stroke
up and down his cock, feeling it throb madly. &quot;You're not begging good
enough, slave. Beg better and I may allow you release.&quot;

Marcus begged the best he could, an almost rambling
dissertation of how badly he wanted and needed to cum, whimpering and moaning
the whole time.

Darious grabbed a small cup off the nearby table then knelt
behind him. He put a finger on the underside of his cock right where the
urethra was and pressed hard thus pinching it shut. He then released the
cockring. He grabbed the cup and held it in front of his cock.

Marcus screamed as he started to cum. He was cumming so
hard it actually hurt.

While he was still cumming Darious stuck his finger deep
into his ass and rubbed his claw over his prostate, milking him.

When Marcus was milked dry, he slumped forward and passed
out.

Darious chuckled deeply. He pulled his finger out then
pinched his prostate between two claws, waking him with a start, emitting a
loud yelp.

Dani giggled loudly, even Arkady grinned.

Darious stood and walked in front of him. He held the cup
to Marcus' lips. &quot;Drink and swallow it. Then lick the cup out like a good
slave.&quot;

Marcus did as instructed but hated every minute of it. The
distaste was evident on his face.

Darious stepped back and stared at him coldly for a few
minutes. Then, quietly, he said, &quot;From this moment forward you will ask
for everything everywhere we are at. You will not walk upright, you will go
everywhere in this house on all fours. You will keep your eyes on the floor
like a good obedient slave. You look anywhere else I will bring you back down
here, give you more of this, and keep you down here for a month. Every day you
will get more of this. Do you understand me, slave?&quot;

Marcus turned white as a sheet. His eyes remained on the
floor and he said quietly, &quot;I understand, Master.&quot;

Darious nodded, then walked back over to Dani and Arkady.
He put a hand on Arkady's head, &quot;I want you to wax him, Wolfie, and don't
be gently about it.&quot;
Arkady looked up at him, wide-eyed.

Darious ran his claws through his hair. &quot;He's being
punished, and this is part of it.

Arkady lowered his head and shivered.

Darious put a finger under his chin and tilted his head up.
He smiled at him, eyes soft, &quot;If you don't want to you, don't have to.
I'll let Dani do it.&quot;

Arkady sighed; he knew how much she hated Marcus and would
do it as slowly and painfully as she could. &quot;I'll do it, Sir.&quot;

Darious stroked his chin and smiled. &quot;Very good,
Wolfie. Remember, the bitch is nothing more than property. I want it to look
pretty when you're done. That means no facial or body hair whatsoever. Just
leave the hair on his head. If he tries to fight you, beat him. That is a
direct order.&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;Very good, Wolfie.&quot; He ruffled
his hair playfully. He then bent down and picked Dani up, cuddling her close to
him. &quot;Let's go get your medicine, toy.&quot;

She snuggled close to him, purring softly.

Before he walked out of the room he ejected a tape from a
hidden VCR. He chuckled deeply, &quot;By the way, slave, I video taped all of
this. I think I'll call it slave's punishment.&quot; He laughed then walked out
of the room.

Later, after have had given Dani her medicine and she had
fallen asleep he went back downstairs to wait for Arkady. When he came up
Darious clapped him on the back, &quot;Come on into the study and we'll have a
drink Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady followed and stood, waiting, while Darious mixed them
a drink.

Darious handed him the rye and coke then sat down in his
chair. He patted the table in front of him.

Arkady sat on the edge of it, sipping his drink, looking at
Darious.

Taking a big drink, Darious then looked at Arkady, tracing
his finger over the rim of his glass, &quot;While we were in the dungeon you
were scared, were you not Wolfie?&quot;

Lowering his eyes, Arkady sighed, &quot;Yes Sire, I was,
very much so.&quot;

Nodding, Darious said, &quot;I thought as much. What did
it?&quot;

Arkady shifted around a bit, unable to look at him,
&quot;Just watching is what did it Sire. You were so angry. Then you did a lot
of the same things Lady Jade used to do to me.&quot;

Darious stroked his chin thoughtfully, &quot;Ah OK.&quot;
He thought for a minute then shifted around and sighed, &quot;Look at me Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady raised his eyes and looked at Darious, still a bit
shaken by the previous incidents.

Darious smiled at him, &quot;Well Wolfie, I want to assure
you I would NEVER do that you, ever, for several reasons. Number one being,
there wouldn't be anything you could do that would piss me off enough to do
that to you. You're far too obedient for that. Number two; I just can't beat
you like that. It would break you and you would run away. I don't want that. I
like you just how you are. Number three; it wouldn't be responsible of me to do
something I know you can't deal with. As your Dom I am supposed to know what
you can and can't do. I know that is something you can't do. I know what I did
to the slave is not the way to go about things with you. So you have no reason
what so ever to fear me doing that to you.&quot;

&quot;I've never seen you so angry before Sire.&quot;
Arkady said, looking nervously at him.

Darious sighed and nodded, &quot;I know. You know the main
laws you all received when you arrived here with me.&quot;

Nodding, Arkady said, &quot;I know them well, yes
Sire.&quot;

&quot;Very good. How many did slave break today?&quot;

Sighing deeply, Arkady replied, &quot;Several of them
Sire.&quot;

Leaning back, Darious said, &quot;Correct. I, myself, hold
those laws because they promote trust with all of us. Slave broke my trust so
he paid for it. That is what pissed me off so much. They are simple laws are
they not? And easy to follow?&quot;

Arkady swirled his drink around in his glass, sighing,
&quot;They most certainly are Sire.&quot;

&quot;Slave broke them. So to get my point across I will
break him worse than Jade broke you.&quot; He leaned forward and stroked
Arkadys knee. &quot;You have nothing to fear from me because I give you my word
I would never go that far with you. I know it would drive you insane. I don't
want that.&quot;

Nodding, Arkady said, &quot;OK Sire, I now understand
things better.&quot;

Darious grabbed his hand and pulled him onto his lap then
held him close and stroked his hair. &quot;Plus, I don't want ever she-devil
out there at my door, wanting to kick my ass for hurting you.&quot; He said,
chuckling.

Arkady laughed and leaned back against Darious, more
relaxed.

Darious hugged him close, &quot;Wolfie, I respect and care
for you as much as I do Dani, just in a different way, so I would never break
your trust. The most I would ever do to you is a spanking or very light BDSM.
Plus, you have a safe word and will use it. Slave doesn't. That is his station.
Fell better now?&quot;

Arkady nodded, smiling, feeling much more relaxed.

Chapter 28

&#65279; 

Marcus came down from the third floor, shaking, his
erection evident. He had been cleaning Darious and Danis' bedroom while she had
been getting dressed. After his trip to the dungeon he knew better than to
comment to her but the sight of her naked make his cock throb. He went into the
TV room and sat down, trying to gather himself back together and get himself
back under control. While he sat there he thought, he knew Darious let Arkady
have sex with Dani any time he whished to. He was told by Arkady that was
because he behaved as he should and did as he was told to. Since his trip to
the dungeon he had done as he was ordered how he was told to and just when he
was told. Not because he wanted to but because he didn't want to take another
trip to the dungeon and go through that all over again. He still shivered at
that particular memory. As he thought, something came to him and he grinned.
Getting up he walked to Darious' study where he knew Darious was, doing some
work. He quietly stepped in the room and cleared his throat, letting Darious
know he was there then said, &quot;Master, I have come to you with a
request.&quot;

Darious held up his hand, a signal for him to be quiet and
watt. He finished up what he was doing then stacked the papers neatly before
leaned back in his chair and looked at Marcus, &quot;Get on your knees as
befitting your station while addressing your master with a request.&quot;

Marcus quickly kneeled, not wanting to irritate him,
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;

Darious looked at him carefully, &quot;Now, what is your
request slave?&quot;

Taking a deep breath before he started, Marcus then said,
&quot;Master, I feel I have been behaving in the manner you have prescribed for
me and have not caused you any problems lately so I wish to request that you
allow me to have sex with Miss Dani.&quot;

Darious, stared, hard, at him, not believing what he was
just asked. &quot;You feel you deserve such a privilege? Just for doing as you
should?&quot;

Nodding, Marcus looked at him, &quot;Yes Master.&quot;

Darious crossed his legs and steepled his fingers, trying
hard not to laugh at the absurdity of the whole thing, &quot;Hmm...&quot; He
looked down at Marcus, &quot;You feel because you are doing your duties, what
is commanded of you for a few weeks, you think you deserve such a great
privilege? That is wholly and completely laughable.&quot;

Brow furrowed, Marcus looked at him, &quot;You let Arkady,
why not let me as well?&quot;

Darious laughed, but it didn't reach he eyes, they remained
cold as a deep arctic wind, &quot;Do you know how long it took Arkady to
achieve that particular privilege slave? How long it took for Miss Dani to
allow him to do it?&quot;

Shaking his head slightly, Marcus said, eyes never leaving
Darious' face, &quot;No Master, I don't know.&quot;

Darious' eyes bored into Marcus', &quot;It took Arkady five
centuries for her to trust him enough to allow him. For me to allow it, it too
something you haven't been able to achieve. Arkady has obeyed me and behaved
properly since the day he arrived here. There was no back talk, no trouble, and
no complaints. Have you gained her trust? Caused no trouble? Behaved properly?
I think not. If you somehow feel you deserve her you yourself will have to
convince her and get her to trust you like she does Arkady, until that time my
answer to you is no. When she is awake we may ask her. I will never order her
to do such things, they are her choice entirely. When Arkady wants to he asks
her first, then me.&quot;

This was frustrating and not how Marcus envisioned it
going, &quot;Master, you could order her to do it and she would obey you.&quot;

Shaking his head, Darious said, &quot;I would never order
her to do such a thing. She may be my sub and I may essentially own her but I
also have a great deal of respect for her and honor her. Also, I would never
betray the trust that is between us. We worked far too long and hard for it for
me to betray it for the whim of a slave. That is the difference between you and
I. I have earned the trust and respect Dani and Arkady have in me and I them,
whereas no one here trusts you. You have to earn that and work to maintain it.
The way I see it right now, on that front you're shit out of luck.&quot;

Shaking his head, Marcus said, &quot;Master, this is akin
to a form of torture. To see you and Arkady having sex with her, seeing her
naked, being teased with no hope of release is almost more than I can bear! The
only form of release I can get is with Arkady. To me that isn't satisfying.
Arkady LIKES men as well as women, I don't.&quot;

At this point, Dani walked into the study, clad in one of
Darious' dress shirts and rubbing sleep out of her eyes. She curled up in
Darious' lap, ignoring Marcus entirely.

Darious smiled down at her then chuckled, stroking her hair
softly; it was obvious she had just woken up. He patted her on the ass,
&quot;Move to the other chair now toy.&quot;

She looked up at him; eyebrow arched but said, &quot;Yes
Darious.&quot; And moved to the chair next to him and curled up.

He smiled at her then nodded, &quot;Very good toy.&quot;
Then he looked back to Marcus. &quot;This is torture is it? The way I see it
that is a slave's lot in life. However, perhaps I have another avenue for you
to get the release you seem to want so badly.&quot;

Looking longingly at Dani for a minute, Marcus then turned
his attention back to Darious, &quot;What is that Master?&quot;

Darious smiled at little, &quot;If you continue to behave
as you have for one more month and continue your total submission I will allow
you to go find a willing female to take care of your unrequited needs.&quot;

Marcus shook his head slightly, &quot;But Master it is Miss
Dani I crave, not some other woman.&quot;

Danis' head shot up and she looked at Marcus, eyebrows
raised so much they had disappeared into her hair. Then she looked at Darious.

Darious looked at her and raised an eyebrow then grinned.
He then looked back at Marcus, &quot;Fine. She is here now so you ask her
yourself.&quot;

Marcus looked at Dani and smiled, then using his softest,
kindest voice said to her, &quot;Miss Dani, I do so crave your body so I would
respectfully request that you allow me the privilege of having sex with
you.&quot;

Dani looked at him incredulously then to Darious then back
to Marcus before she burst out laughing, &quot;When Lucifer ice skates to work
I'll let you!&quot;

Darious grinned down at Marcus, &quot;There is you answer
slave.&quot;

Marcus looked at the floor and muttered about how unfair
the whole thing was.

Darious looked down at him, eyebrows arched, &quot;What was
that slave?&quot;

Shaking his head, Marcus sighed, &quot;Nothing
Master.&quot;

Darious squinted at him, &quot;Do you feel this is unfair
slave? Is that it?&quot;

Nodding, Marcus looked up at him, &quot;Yes, I do feel it
is unfair. She is no better than I yet you cater to her.&quot;

Giving him a hard look, Darious said, slowly, &quot;She is
a 100 times better than you. Her position is head girl therefore has more
privileges. I have more respect for her than I do any other being in this world
for good reason. Do I cater to my toy? Yes, I do. For reasons you don't know.
She has earned everything I do for her and more than I could ever do. She is my
sub whereas you are a slave. She has rights and privileges whereas you have
none. This is an unfair world slave, so deal with it.&quot;

Marcus sighed and tried to get his temper under control
before he spoke again, &quot;Then I would respectfully request that she be
dressed around me and not tease me any more.&quot;

Dani looked at him, eyes wide, and then started to laugh
her ass off.

Darious looked at her, eyes unreadable, &quot;Do you tease
him toy?&quot;

She looked back at him, eyes dancing, still chuckling,
&quot;Fuck yes! Just like I do to you and Arkady.&quot;

He smiled at her, &quot;Then you are just doing what is in
your nature?&quot;

Giggling evilly she said, &quot;Yes. Just like this
is.&quot; She slid off her chair, crawled over between his legs, unzipped his
fly, took out his cock and started to give him a blow job.

He groaned softly and put his hand on the top of her head
and started to stroke her hair. He then looked at Marcus, &quot;It is her
nature to tease, part of who she is. I won't make her change it for anyone.
Now, go about your duties.&quot;

Marcus stared at them for a couple minutes then got up and
left, pissed off and grumbling.

Darious watched him leave then looked down at her, running
his fingers through her hair, &quot;Toy?&quot;

She looked up at him, cock still in her mouth.

He smiled down at her, &quot;Don't go around trying to make
it worse OK? Don't tease him so much and try putting some more clothes on when
you walk around the house.&quot;

She pulled her mouth off his cock, &quot;Fuck him! This is
my house and I will do and wear anything I damn well feel like!&quot;

Smiling, he chuckled a bit, &quot;True, it is.&quot;

She flicked her tongue over the tip of his cock and looked
at him, &quot;If you want to argue about it I'll stop and we can argue.&quot;

He ran his fingers through her hair and shook his head,
&quot;No toy, I don't want to fight with you about it.&quot; He then tugged her
head back towards his cock.

She grinned at him and wiggled her eyebrows, &quot;I
thought you would see it my way.&quot; Then she lowered her mouth back down on
his cock.

Chapter 29

&#65279; 

Dani walked into the kitchen and sat down on the breakfast
bar. Marcus and Arkady were standing at the counter with their back to her
going over a list of things needed from the store. She glared at Marcus' back
and bared her fangs before she pulled her legs up and crossed them Indian
style. She then said, &quot;Hi Arkady.&quot;

He turned and looked at her then grinned from ear to ear,
&quot;Hello M'Lady!&quot; He walked over to her and gave her a big hug then a
tender kiss. He brushed her hair off her forehead then smiled down at her.
&quot;How are you feeling this oh so fine day?&quot; She smiled up at him,
&quot;I'm feeling pretty good actually.&quot; Actually, she was feeling better
than fine, she was back to feeling normally since she had gotten the medicine.
With that came the return of her sex drive full force.

He smiled, &quot;That is wonderful M'Lady! It is so good to
see you back to your usual self.&quot;

She hugged him and smiled. Right at this point she was VERY
horny. And there was one thing Arkady would do for her that Darious wouldn't
that often, give her oral sex. She looked up at him and wiggled her eyebrows.

He chuckled and grinned down at her, &quot;And just what
was that for M'Lady?&quot; She giggled and grinned up at him, &quot;Well, it
means that I want something from you, if you're willing that is.&quot; Then she
reached down and rubbed his cock through his jeans.

He leaned down and kissed her again. Then he stroked her
hair softly, &quot;M'Lady I a always willing to give you the pleasure you want,
all you ever need do is ask me. So, shall we adjourn to a different room so
that we may better enjoy our pleasures?&quot; She pressed her boy tight to his
and rubbed his back, pressing her cheek to his. She looked over his shoulder at
Marcus. He was leaning against the counter, watching them intently. She glared
at him then said, eyes never leaving him. &quot;Let's just do it right
here.&quot; He pulled away from her slightly and looked down, brow slightly
furrowed, &quot;You truly wish to do it right here M'Lady?&quot; She looked up
at him, grinned and nodded, &quot;Oh yeah!&quot;

He smiled and stroked her hair, &quot;If that is what you
wish M'Lady then that is what we will do. Then he leaned down and kissed her
passionately. His hand softly rubbed and caressed her breasts through the soft
cotton shirt. He then rubbed her nipples through the fabric until they were
stiff and hard. Moving his hands away from her breasts then started to unbutton
the oxford. When it was all the way undone he stroked down her now exposed,
naked flesh until he reached her firm thighs. He gently parted them and stroked
a couple fingers over her pussy, feeling her slippery wetness under his
fingertips.

She pulled away from him slightly and looked up at him,
eyes slightly glazed over and panting. Licking her lips she reached out and
unbuttoned his shirt and eased it off him. She ran her fingers through the
thick pelt of blonde hair on his chest.

Reaching down he put his hands behind her knees then lifted
her legs. He positioned her heels on the edge of the counter. He put his hands
on her waist and pulled her forward until her ass was at the edge of the
counter. He pushed her thighs further apart with his forearms until they were
spread as far apart as she could get them, spreading her pussy open.

Leaning back, she rested on her elbows then looked up at him,
flushed and panting.

Leaning over her he kissed her between the breasts then
drug his tongue down over her belly. He then knelt down between her thighs and
nibbled down her left thigh to the knee then moved to the right leg and nibbled
from the knee up to the bend of her leg.

Moaning softly, she arched up off the counter slightly and
started to shiver all over.

He gently parted her pussy lips with two fingers and ran
his tongue from the bottom up then flicked it gently over her clit. Then he
started to lick her pussy up and down before stiffening his tongue and thrust
it deep into her and wiggled it around. Reaching up, he started to rub her clit
with his thumb.

She started to squirm all over, panting and moaning loudly.
A thin layer of sweat started to cover her body. Her thighs were covered with
goose bumps.

Marcus stood rooted in place, watching them intently, eyes
wide, and mouth hanging open. He couldn't believe they were doing this in front
of him. The way she was positioned on the counter he could see all her pussy
and just what Arkady was doing to her. The smell of her pussy was filling the
room with the musky smell of a female that was extremely turned on. His cock
was as hard as a railroad spike and throbbing. He hopped up and sat down on the
counter, eyes never leaving the action on the breakfast bar.

He started to thrust his tongue in and out, wiggling it
around as he did, his thumb continuing to rub her clit.

She moaned loudly and tossed her head back, shutting her
eyes. She drew her knees up and spread them as far apart as she could. Propping
herself up on one elbow she reached down and ran her fingers through his hair,
whimpering.

He turned his head side to side, his tongue raking her
walls. Then he started to move it in and out rapidly. His thumb rubbing around
her clit fast.

She panted and moaned loudly. She sat up a bit more then
gripped his head with both hands and started to grind her pussy onto his face.
&quot;Oh yes Arkady! That feels so good, please don't stop, please! More!&quot;
He let go of her lips and moved his hands up her sides then started to caress
and squeeze her tits. He pulled his tongue out then licked up and down her
pussy several times before he started to flick it rapidly against her clit.

Every muscle in her body tightened up and she started
whimpering and moaning loudly, almost a scream. She tightened her grip on his
head and ground herself down harder onto his mouth.

He started to suck on her clit, flicking his tongue lightly
back and forth over the tip of her clit. Then he eased two fingers deep into
her pussy and started to move them in and out, twisting them around. He could
feel her whole pussy throbbing madly and the juice running out of her like a
river and knew she was very, very close to cumming. His tongue started to flick
faster over her clit and he started to suck harder.

She threw her head back and screamed, starting to cum hard,
quivering and shaking all over. Her juices starting to drench his face.

He held onto her bucking hips the best he could while
continuing to work on her clit. When he felt her relax and she lay back,
panting, he licked up all the juice that had run out of her pussy. Then he
straightened up and looked down at her, licking her juices off his lips. His
cock was hard and throbbing in his jeans, wanting release. He looked down at
her and smiled, &quot;Is that what M'Lady craved? Did it please you?&quot;

She looked at him, panting and trying to catch her breath,
and then smiled up at him. She sat up then wrapped her arms and legs around
him, pulling him close to her. She kissed him passionately then nuzzled her
face into his neck. &quot;Arkady, you know how much I enjoy it when you do that
for me. There is no one that does it better than you.&quot; She grinned,
&quot;Is there something you want from me now, hmm?&quot;

He grinned down at her then he grabbed her hand and led it
down to his cock, having her rub it through his jeans. Leaning forward he
kissed her tenderly yet passionately then be broke it off and looked down at
her. &quot;If you are willing M'Lady, I would dearly like to make love to
you.&quot;

She continued to rub his throbbing cock through his jeans,
looking up at him. Smiling, she said, &quot;I would like that.&quot; She
reached out and undid his jeans and pushed them down his muscular thighs. She
grabbed ahold of his cock and started to rub and play with it.

Marcus shifted around uncomfortably on the counter, his
hard-on throbbing madly and straining against the fabric of his loin cloth. A
huge wet spot had appeared on the front where he had leaked copious amounts of
pre-cum. His eyes never moved from Dani and Arkady. It was better than watching
a porno movie, he thought. But it was also terribly frustrating. He wanted to
go over and join them or at least take his cock out and jerk off, getting
relief he craved but knew better.

Arkady stepped closer to her and rubbed his cock up and
down her pussy, getting the head all wet, then eased it all the way into her
and started to gently fuck her.

She moaned loudly and pressed tightly to him, meeting his
thrusts with her own. Then she yelled for Darious.

He walked into the kitchen, stopping on the other side of
the breakfast bar and just watched for a minute. He could see her juices still
shining on Arkadys face and knew what she had gone to him for. His eyes
flickered over Marcus, noticing the wet spot and his throbbing cock and
grinned. He knew Dani well enough to know she didn't pick the hard counter just
because she liked doing it there but because she wanted Marcus to watch, not
just because she was exhibitionistic and liked to be watched but ultimately to
get even with Marcus for complaining about her teasing him. He chuckled deeply
then reached out and stroked the back of her hair, &quot;Is my toy
hungry?&quot;

She lay back flat on the counter and looked up at him,
still thrusting onto Arkadys' cock. Looking up at him, she licked her lips then
said, &quot;Fuck yes! Bring that big cock of yours here so I can suck it.&quot;

He grinned and stepped closer, reaching down and tracing a
finger down the side of her face. &quot;Of you want it you may have it
toy.&quot;

She reached out and undid his pants then tugged them down
his thighs. She licked his cock all over before she took it all in her mouth
and started sucking on it.

He stroked her hair softly and let her suck him for several
minutes before he held her head still and started to fuck her mouth.

Arkady continued to fuck her slow and deep, reaching up to
gently rub her clit, feeling her start to quiver and throb under his touch.
With his other hand he reached up and softly stroked her sweat covered stomach.
He looked at Darious and licked his lips.

Darious continued to fuck her mouth fast and hard. He
looked at Arkady. He was sweating profusely; his eyes were slightly glazed over
and was panting. Darious leaned forward and kissed him passionately. He could
still taste Dani on his lips. He felt Arkady moan in his mouth. When he broke
off the kiss he looked deep into his eyes. He could see how aroused he was and
chuckled, &quot;Enjoying yourself wolfie&gt;?&quot;

Arkady moaned loudly and looked into his eyes, &quot;Oh
yes, greatly Sir. Anytime M'Lady allows me the privilege of giving her pleasure
gives me enjoyment.&quot;

Darious grinned at him then looked down at Dani. She looked
up at him, his cock still buried in hour mouth. He pushed her hair out of he
face and grinned, &quot;Enjoying your lollypop toy? She looked up at him and
moaned around his cock.

He chuckled deeply, &quot;I'll take that as a yes. Are you
enjoying what Arkady is doing to you toy?&quot; She moaned around his cock
again and again he chuckled. &quot;Then prove to him how much you enjoy it by
cumming on his cock.&quot;

Arkady sped up a bit and panted, &quot;Please M'Lady, cum
for me.&quot; His fingers started working faster on her clit.

She was very close to cumming before his fingers started
moving faster. After that it just took a matter of minutes for her to slam hard
down onto his cock and start to cum, moaning on Darious' cock. When she
finished she looked down at Arkady, panting, eyes glazed over, &quot;Oh yeah,
that felt so good! Shift please; I want to feel you grow in me.&quot;

He looked at her, &quot;Are you sure M'Lady? I might hurt
you.&quot;

She looked at him, panting, &quot;Yes, I'm sure. Please
Arkady!&quot; She liked what Arkady was doing but preferred rougher sex,
something he really couldn't do. But she knew if he shifted to full werewolf he
would naturally get rougher and more animalistic. Plus there was nothing like
the feeling of having his cock almost double in length and girth inside her.
She laid back down and took Darious' cock back in her mouth, going back to
sucking it, keeping her eyes on Arkady.

Arkady nodded to her, &quot;If that is what you wish than
you shall have it M'Lady.&quot; He then started to slowly shift.

Darious quickly yanked his cock out of her mouth, not
wanting to get bit as Arkadys' cock grew in her.

Marcus' eyes widened as Arkady started to shift. He knew he
was a werewolf but Marcus had continued to think of him as a wimp and a fruit,
not a true, powerful werewolf until he fully shifted to his werewolf form, 9
foot in height, 600 lbs, heavily muscled frame covered with a dense blonde
pelt, Arkady was comparable in size and build to himself and every inch a true
werewolf. E knew how big his own cock got when he shifted and he didn't know
how Dani was able to take him without being ripped apart. His eyes were glued
to her pussy as it was stretched out, licking his lips.

She threw her head back and howled at the top of her lungs
as Arkadys' cock lengthened to 14 inches and grew to four inches around,
stretching he out to the max, causing her to have a powerful orgasm.

When Arkady fully shifted he looked down at her and growled
then started to pound into her roughly, his claws digging into her hips
slightly, fangs bared.

She looked up at him, panting, eyes glazed over, &quot;Oh
yeah! So fucking good Arkady! More!&quot; Darious looked down at Dani, licking
his lips. He grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head back then
stuffed his cock back into her mouth. &quot;Suck it toy, make me cum!&quot; He
stared down at her, eyes boring into hers. &quot;Work your pussy on Arkadys
cock and make him cum too.&quot;

She sucked harder on Darious and ground herself down onto
Arkady.

Arkady slammed his cock al the way into her then started to
cum, throwing his head back and letting out an earth shattering howl.

Dani moaned loudly on Darious cock as Arkadys cum flooded
her insides.

The vibrations on his cock from hr moan triggered Darious'
orgasm. He threw his head back, groaned and flooded her mouth.

Arkady collapsed on top of her, panting. She stroked his
furry back and kissed his temple then looked up at Darious, licking his lips.

He looked down at her and grinned then shifted. He ran his
claws through her hair. He then patted Arkadys shoulder. &quot;Let's change
places Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady stood up and nodded, panting. He said, in a voice
exponentially deeper, &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;

They quickly changed places. Darious pulled her closer to
him by her thighs and rubbed both is cocks over her asshole and pussy, looking
down at her, grinning. &quot;Does my toy like that? Does she want more?&quot;
He gave her a hard swat on the ass.

She looked up at him, panting. &quot;That is a really dumb
question, of course I do! Now!&quot;

He chuckled deeply and continued to tease her, &quot;Oh
really? You do? How bad do you want it?&quot; She groaned, &quot;Very, very
bad. Please Darious!&quot; He grinned at her, &quot;OK toy. We'll adjourn to
the bedroom. He looked at Arkady, &quot;Take her upstairs; I'll join you in a
few.&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; He picked up Dani and
cuddled her close, kissing her then carried her out.

He turned to the pale, sweating Marcus. He looked down and
saw his throbbing cock and the huge wet spot on the front of his loin cloth
then chuckled,. He looked him in the eye, &quot;You thought she teased you
before, well my guess is you ain't seen nothing yet. I think she has just
declared war on you ass.&quot; He slapped him on the shoulder, &quot;Continue
with your duties. Make sure you clean up the mess on the breakfast bar.&quot;
He then turned and started to walk out. When eh reached the door way he turned
back to him, &quot;Also, clean the spot off your loin cloth.&quot; He then
walked out, chuckling.







Threesome On the Kitchen Counter: Talk with Dani

Later that night, she and Darious were in his study, having
a drink, snuggled up in his chair. He looked at her, grinning, &quot;Why did
you go out of your way to do that to Marcus? To be such a big tease?&quot;

Grinning, she looked up at him, &quot;What? Didn't you like
it?&quot;

Grinning back at her, he reached out and stroked her hair
softly, &quot;Yes, I did. Why do you persist in being such a brat to
Marcus?&quot;

She quirked an eyebrow at him, &quot;You are getting on MY
case for behavior you profess to like, trying to assert dominance over me yet
you can't stop your slave from jerking off without your permission!&quot; She
laughed, eyes twinkling, and then stuck her tongue out at him.

His eyebrows shot up and he stared at her, &quot;Just what
do you mean by that comment toy?&quot;

Giggling more, she shook her head, &quot;He's upstairs
jerking off right now.&quot;

His eyes hardened, &quot;How do you know that's what he's
doing toy?&quot;

Rolling her eyes, she looked at him. &quot;How do you think
I know? I heard him as I was coming downstairs silly.&quot;

He sat her on the table then was out of his chair in a
flash. He took the stairs two at a time and opened Marcus' door just as he was
cumming. Darious grabbed a handful of his hair and jerked him off his mat.
&quot;It looks to me like my slave needs another trip to the dungeon.&quot;
Then he tugged him along towords the dungeon by his hair, with Dani trailing
behind.

Chapter 30

&#65279; 

Lying in bed, holding the softly snoring Dani, Darious
looked at the bathroom door, brow furrowed. He was waiting for Arkady to come
out. He had been gone for five days on council business and Darious had a few
things to catch him up on. He was starting to get a bit concerned; Arkady never
took this long in the mornings. Not only was he taking an exorbitant amount of
time Darious hadn't heard the shower nor the toilet flush. He lay there holding
Dani for a bit longer then he glanced at his watch and saw it had been an hour.
Now he was concerned. He gently untangled himself from her, being careful not
to wake her up, and got out of bed. He went over and opened the bathroom door.

Arkady was sitting on the toilet, bent over, elbows resting
on his knees, his head lowered. He looked up at Darious when the door opened
again then lowered his head again before Darious could make eye contact with
him. &quot;I'm sorry I'm taking so much time Sire.&quot;

Leaning against the door jam, arms folded, brow furrowed.
Darious could see he was covered with sweat, straining and obviously very
uncomfortable, &quot;Are have a problem this morning Wolfie?&quot;

Sighing deeply, Arkady sighed, not looking up from the
floor. &quot;I most certainly am Sire, I'm sorry.&quot;

Walking into the bathroom, Darious then leaned against the
counter by the toilet. He put a hand on Arkadys' back, trying to be reassuring,
&quot;Just what kind of problem do you seem to be having?&quot;

Blushing a pale red then starting to stammer Arkady said,
&quot;Well Sire, with all the travel I... it seems my constitution is... I
haven't been able... getting a few... it seems that I am a bit... I just can't
seem to...&quot;

Darious stroked his back softly, &quot;Easy Wolfie. Slow
down and just tell me what the problem is.&quot;

Taking a few deep breaths Arkady started over, still not
looking up from the floor. &quot;It appears that all the travelling I have had
to do over the last few days has greatly upset my constitution and I am unable
to have a bowel movement.&quot;

Stroking his hair, Darious said softly, &quot;You're
constipated then?&quot;

Nodding miserably, Arkadys' eyes never left the floor,
&quot;Yes Sire, unfortunately I am. I'm sorry and do most heartily apologize
for it.&quot;

Robbing his shoulder softly, Darious said, voice soft,
&quot;OK, sit tight for a minute.&quot; He patted his shoulder then opened the
medicine cabinet and retrieved a jar.

Arkadys' head hung lower and he whimpered softly, his hands
clasped in front of him. He thought for sure he was in deep trouble. One of the
first rules Darious had given him when he became his sub was to keep his ass
clean. He was told that if he didn't Darious would give him an enema then he
would be punished. He was convinced that was what was going to happen now.

Darious retrieved a clear, bullet shaped item out of the
jar then put it back into the cabinet. He took a couple steps back and leaned
against the wall, &quot;OK Wolfie, lean up against the counter and spread your
legs.&quot;

Doing as he was instructed, Arkady moaned softly and
shivered.

Stepping up behind him, Darious wrapped an arm around his
chest, holding him gently. He then reached down and slid the suppository deep
into his ass with one finger.

Moaning loudly, Arkady shook all over, deeply humiliated.
&quot;Sire I am so sorry I let myself get into this state. Please forgive me. I
am so very sorry!&quot;

Darious held him closer to his chest, &quot;Shh Wolfie.
Just calm down and be quiet for a couple minutes. If I take my finger out
you're going to hold onto it right?&quot;

Nodding miserably, Arkady had his head still lowered, his
cheeks hot and red from embarrassment.

Darious eased his finger out and wiped it on a nearby town
then wrapped his arm around his stomach and rubbed it softly, &quot;It's OK
Wolfie, just calm down and try to relax.&quot; He pulled him tighter to his
chest, holding him gently. &quot;You know what I gave you right?&quot;

Sighing deeply Arkady nodded, &quot;Indeed I do Sire.&quot;

Rubbing his chest tenderly, Darious said, &quot;Good, then
you know in about 15 minutes or so it will work and you'll be able to go. It'll
be a bit uncomfortable but it won't hurt. So just calm down and relax.&quot;

Nodding, Arkady was still in an extreme state of misery,
&quot;I understand Sire. I am very sorry for all of this.&quot;

Darious chuckled and stroked Arkadys furry stomach softly,
&quot;Shh, I'm not doing this to punish you, just to help. I don't want you to
tear something straining. You're not in trouble for this. Hell, I've travelled
enough that I know it will throw anyone's system totally off. Airline food
alone will stop you up tight. Just relax and let it work, when you're done you
can go to the store and get something to help, OK?&quot;

Arkady relaxed a bit, looking over his broad shoulder at
Darious, obviously relieved, &quot;Thank you Sire.&quot;

Shaking his head, Darious said, &quot;No need to thank me,
I'm just doing what any good Dom does for his sub. Besides, I care for you, if
I didn't I wouldn't be so gently, I'd be more like jade. Next time something
like this happens just tell me and I'll do what I can to help. You're not going
to get into trouble for something you have no control over. If you weren't
taking care of yourself or did it on purpose you would be in trouble. But you
don't ever do things like that so I am not really worried about it.&quot;

Arkady sagged a bit, obviously relieved. Darious let go of
him and gently turned him around until they were facing. He stroked his cheek softly
and smiled, &quot;Just how often do you get in trouble with me?&quot;

Pressing his cheek into Darious' hand, Arkady looked up
into his eyes, &quot;Not very often Sire, thankfully.&quot;

Darious reached down and softly rubbed his stomach,
&quot;That's right. Because you do everything you can to please me. You are the
best behaved sub I have and require the least amount of work on my part. As
much as I care about and for Dani she is the hardest one here to work with. She
goes out of her way to be a brat for her own fun. You are the easiest to please
as well. Dani will on put up with being cuddled on and being soft and gentle
with for so long before she gets bored and wants something else. But you only
want that and that is so much easier on me.&quot; He looked deep into Arkadys'
eyes and smiled, &quot;I care as much and just as deeply for you as I do Dani;
just in a different way is all.&quot; He then smiled at Arkady.

Arkady looked into his eyes, a lot more at ease,
&quot;Thank you Sire.&quot; He whispered softly.

Shaking his head, Darious said, &quot;No need to thank me,
it's the truth.&quot; He wrapped Arkady in a tight but gentle hug then kissed
him deeply and passionately.

Arkady moaned softly in his mouth then he did something he
had never done before, he wrapped his arms around Darious and held him tightly,
kissing him back fervently.

Breaking off the kiss, Darious smiled at him, running his
fingers through his hair, &quot;Wolfie, you are such a wonderful, caring sub.
Now, when you need to go let me know. Until then I will try and keep you a bit
distracted.&quot; Grinning, Darious winked at him.

Arkady looked at him, panting, eyes clouded over,
&quot;Sire, I don't know how to say this but I feel that I must.&quot;

Brushing list lips across Arkadys gently he said, softly,
&quot;Just say it, that's always the best way.&quot;

Sighing deeply Arkady then looked down for a few seconds
then raised his eyes and looked deeply into Darious' icy blue eyes, &quot;I
think I have fallen in love with you Sire.&quot;

Kissing him tenderly again, Darious held him tightly to his
chest, stroking up and down his back. He rested his cheek against Arkadys and
said softly in his ear, &quot;I don't know what love is Arkady but I do know,
as I said before, that I care a great deal for you.&quot; He broke off the hug
and held Arkadys' face gently in his hands and looked into his eyes deeply,
&quot;I also know I don't want to be without you.&quot; Then he kissed him
passionately again, letting his tongue snake into his mouth.

Arkady moaned softly and held onto him tighter, his whole
body quivering.

Turning him around, Darious gently pushed him against the
nearest wall. He pressed himself tightly against Arkadys' chest, kissing him
deeply and passionately. Running one hand gently up and down his chest softly,
running his fingertips across Arkadys hard nipples.

Arkady moaned into Darious' mouth and pressed himself
tighter to him, starting to quiver and shake all over.

Darious' hand moved down over Arkadys furry, rock hard six
pack, down to his cock. Then he rubbed his palm gently up and down the
underside of it. Breaking off the passionate kiss, he whispered, &quot;Do you
need to go yet?&quot;

Panting, Arkady looked him with eyes that were glazed over
and half lidded, &quot;Yes, I do but I also don't want you to stop.&quot;

Kissing him quickly, Darious grinned, &quot;Take care of
what you need to then come into the bedroom and we'll finish it.&quot; Rubbing
his ass softly the then backed away. Giving him a soft kiss, he said with a
soft growl, &quot;And hurry up about it.&quot;

Nodding, licking his lips, Arkady said, &quot;Yes Sire, I
most certainly will.&quot;

After walking back into the bedroom Darious woke up Dani
and gave her her medicine. He held her tightly as it dissolved and she started
to doze off again, &quot;Toy?&quot;

She looked up at him, eyes starting to droop shut,
&quot;Yeah?&quot; Then she yawned.

Stroking her butt softly, he asked her softly, &quot;Arkady
and I are going to have a bit of fun, it doesn't bother you, does it?&quot;

Shaking her head, she yawned again, &quot;I don't care what
you do just so you don't wake me up.&quot;

Chuckling, he kissed her on top of the head, &quot;You're
something else toy.&quot;

Yawning hugely, she said, voice tired and slightly slurred,
&quot;Nope, just tired is all.&quot;

Holding her tightly, he said to her softly, &quot;He told
me he thinks he loves me.&quot;

Chuckling unevenly, she said, in a soft muzzy voice,
&quot;You are so thick sometimes do you know that? I've known for a long time
that he loves you. He doesn't just think it, he DOES.&quot;

Cocking an eyebrow, he stared down at her, &quot;When did
he tell you this? And more to the point, just when were you going to tell
me?&quot;

Giggling unevenly, she yawned again, &quot;He didn't tell
me anything bit its very obvious to everyone, except you that is.&quot;

His brow furrowed as he looked down at her, wanting to ask
her more but she was obviously ready to fall back to sleep. So, he held her
until she had dozed back off, snoring softly. Then he lay her back down and
tucked her in. Reaching down, he rubbed his cock until it was standing at full
mast, something that didn't take a whole lot of effort after the scene in the
bathroom.

Arkady finished as quickly as he could then walked into the
bedroom, his cock hard and throbbing. Looking at Darious laying on the bed, he
moaned softly.

Getting off the bed, Darious beckoned Arkady over. Walking
over to him quickly, Arkady stood in front of him, looking deep into his eyes.
Pulling him into a tight hug, Darious kissed him passionately, his tongue
exploring the inside of his mouth. He then reached down and started to rub his
cock softly.

Moaning into his mouth, Arkady pressed tighter to Darious,
quivering all over. He reached down and started to fondle his cock and balls
softly, tickling them with his finger tips.

Darious broke off the kiss and looked at Arkady, growling
softly, licking his lips. He reached out and stroked Arkadys chin softly,
smiling, &quot;Mmm, my sweet kind Wolfie. Lay down on the bed and I'll give you
what you so want.&quot;

Moaning softly, Arkady licked his lips and stoked Darious'
cock softly, &quot;yes Sire.&quot; Then he lay down on the bed on his pack,
planting his feel flat on the bed and spread his legs far apart. His cock was
standing up straight and hard, throbbing madly.

Darious got on the bed between Arkadys legs and put them on
his thighs and pulled him closer. He reached down and started to tickle Arkadys
anus with the tip of his finger. He leaned over and rested on his forearms
above Arkadys. Leaning down, he kissed him deeply and passionately.

Arkady wrapped his arms around Darious and pulled him
closer, kissing him fervently, moaning.

Breaking the kiss off, Darious sat up on his knees. He
grabbed the lube off the bedside table and slathered his cock with it then
rubbed some around the outside of Arkadys anus, wetting it, hearing Arkady
whimpering and moaning softly. He then eased two fingers deep into his rectum,
twisting them back and forth.

Arching his hips off the bed, Arkady moaned loudly, muscles
taut and quivering, &quot;Umm, Sire that feels so good!&quot;

Smiling, Darious said huskily, &quot;It's supposed to
Wolfie.&quot; When he felt that his asshole was lubed up enough he removed his
fingers and started to rub the tip of his cock against Arkadys tight asshole.

Looking up into his face, Arkady was panting heavily,
&quot;Please Sire, I crave it so!&quot;

Leaning over, Darious started to kiss him passionately then
started to ease his cock in slowly and gently, feeling Arkady moan into his
mouth. He continued to kiss him deeply until he had all his cock buried deeply
in his ass.

Groaning loudly, Arkady looked up at Darious, eyes cloudy,
&quot;I'm very, very close sire. It's not going to take me much longer.&quot;

Once he was all the way in Darious held still for a minute,
letting Arkady get used to his cock. Then he started to thrust in and out, slow
and easy, making love to him the best he knew how to.

Arkady shivered and shook, moaning and groaning softly. He
broke off the kiss and looked up into Darious' eyes, panting.

Darious watched him as his cock slid in and out of his ass.
Moving one hand up, he wrapped it around Arkadys' cock then started to jerk him
off slowly.

Groaning loudly, Arkady shut his eyes. He started to thrust
his cock in and out of Darious' hand the way he liked it but also thrusting
himself onto Darious cock as he was fucking him.

Darious groaned loudly and licked his lips. He watched
Arkadys' face closely, &quot;How close are you Wolfie?&quot; He could feel
Arkadys' cock throbbing madly in his hand.

Groaning loudly, Arkady looked up at him, eyes clouded
over, &quot;I am very, very close Sire. It is not going to take me much
longer.&quot;

Leaning over, Darious propped himself up on one elbow then
ground himself into Arkadys ass long and deep, moving his hand faster, gripping
his cock more tightly. &quot;Just let it go when you're ready Wolfie.&quot; He
growled softly.

Arkady was panting heavily, his whole body drenched with
sweat. When Darious started to wring the head of his cock it was all he could
take. He arched up off the bed and moaned loudly, biting his bottom lip,
clutching onto Darious tightly and started to cum, covering Darious' hand and
stomach.

When Arkadys' asshole started to spasm around his cock
Darious groaned loudly and let himself release, flooding Arkadys' ass with his
own cum.

Whimpering softly as Darious wrung the last of his cum out
of his cock, Arkady then collapsed back, panting.

Darious sat up on his knees and smiled down at the
obviously spent Arkady. He let his cock slide out with a soft squishing sound.
He let Arkady catch his breath then held out his cum covered hand to him.

Arkady propped himself up on his elbows and started to lick
his hand clean, looking up into his eyes.

Darious smiled at him. When he was done Darious lay down on
his side by Arkady and stroked up and down his furry stomach softly. He leaned
over and kissed him tenderly, tasting his cum on his lips. When he broke off
the kiss he smiled at him again, &quot;Rest for a bit Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady snuggled close to him, resting his head on Darious'
shoulder and yawned, &quot;Thank you Sire.&quot;

Darious lay there and stroked his hair gently as Arkady
dozed off.

Chapter 31

&#65279; 

After ringing the doorbell, Julia waited head down. Marcus
answered quickly, &quot;Hello Lady Julia. How can I help you?&quot;

Giving him a weary smile, she said, &quot;Hello Marcus, I
need to talk to Darious if he is in please.&quot;

Marcus opened the door all the way and gestured for her to
come in. After she stepped inside he said, &quot;He is in the study. Follow me
and I'll let him know you're here.&quot; She followed him, not wanting to do
this at all. Marcus stepped into the study and cleared his throat. Darious looked
up at him, &quot;Master, Lady Julia is here to see you.&quot;

Putting his pen down, Darious leaned back in his chair,
yawning, &quot;Show her in.&quot;

Marcus stepped out into the hall and gestured for her to
enter. She nodded and stepped into the study. Darious waved to a chair then
looked at Marcus, &quot;You're dismissed.&quot;

She sat down and looked closer to him, trying not to show
her surprise. He looked a lot older, haggard and careworn than the last time
she had seen him, deep lines etched into his face. He settled around in his
chair and looked at her, a smile playing at the corners of his mouth,
&quot;Julia, how are you? To what do I own this honor of a visit by such a busy
doctor?&quot;

She made herself comfortable and folded her hands on her
lap then looked at him. &quot;I came to talk to you about Dani. I finally have
all the test results back and have analyzed them.&quot;

Sitting up a bit straighter, he looked at her, eyebrow
arched, &quot;And?&quot;

Sighing deeply, she looked down, &quot;None of what I saw
appears to be good.&quot;

His eyes hardened a bit, &quot;What exactly do you mean it
doesn't appear good?&quot;

Looking down at her hands Julia tried to gather herself
before she continued. She hated delivering bad news worse than anything else in
the world. That is why she went into research rather than treating patients.
Finally, she looked at him again, &quot;I ran ever test I knew of and found out
that there is no known disease or infection that we could determine in her. I
had some of my colleagues look at it as well and they couldn't determine
anything wrong either. So, after talking to some of the other she-devil doctors
I know we came to a conclusion. Dani is old Darious, and led a rough but full
life. As far as any of us can tell she has reached an advanced age no other
she-devil has ever attained. Never before has modern medicine had the privilege
of examining one as old as Dani is. But after our consultation we all feel that
Dani has really reached the end of her lifespan and the time for her to 'go to
ground' has come. The pain and other problems she is suffering from are her
body's signal that that time has finally come.&quot;

His whole facade hardened and a tick in his jaw started.
When he spoke next his voice was as hard and cold as an artic ice block,
&quot;You think her time has come then? What you are telling me is the one
entity in the whole universe that I care about might just slip away from
me?&quot;

Sighing deeply, Julia nodded, &quot;There is no other
explanation we can come up with for what is happening to her Darious. This
seems to be the most logical.&quot;

He shook his head, &quot;After all the hard work and caring
I have put into her you're saying that she be taken away from me? I refuse to
accept that. Isn't there anything you can do to stop it?&quot;

Shaking her head sadly, Julia told him softly, &quot;There
is nothing we know of that can stop it. I understand you're upset Darious, but
you need to understand that Dani is suffering greatly and in more pain that she
can handle.&quot;

He glared at her and shook his head, &quot;No, I refuse to
accept this! She will not leave me. If I have to kick down the gates of hell
and take the power to make her whole and healthy again I will, you can count on
that!&quot;

Reaching out, she put her hand over his, &quot;I understand
how you feel Darious, believe me I do. Dani means a lot to a whole bunch of us.
But I need you to calm down and listen to me because I have a suggestion.&quot;

He stared at herm eyes cold and hard, &quot;A suggestion
hmm? It better be good news because if I hear any more bad I will throw your
ass out!&quot;

She rubbed his hand softly, keeping her face calm. She had
anticipated his reaction would be anger because it was the same reaction and
all the others had. &quot;Dani is suffering badly, we all can see that. Her
comfort should be foremost in all our minds at this point. What I am proposing
is to give her enough painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs to keep her asleep
around the clock. She will at least, finally, be free from the pain.&quot;

Sighing deeply, he looked down, &quot;In other words, she
will either get better and come back to us or she will not wake up again. Is
that what you are suggesting?&quot;

Her voice softened, &quot;Yes Darious that would be the
thrust of it. You and I both know this is the kindest and most humane thing we
can do for her. She is what matters in this decision, not what the rest of are
feeling about it.&quot;

Shutting his eyes, he rubbed the bridge of his nose; deep
down inside he had thought that perhaps all her symptoms were a signal that she
was coming to the end of her long life finally. His anger came from Julia
giving voice to what was his worst fear, not the news its self. He opened his
eyes and gave her a hard, cold, scary look, his anger evident in his whole
body. But there was another reaction; a single tear ran down his cheek. &quot;I
am very angry and upset by this; I won't hide that from you. I respect that you
didn't try to keep this from me. Even if you had tried I would have found out.
I will take what you said and consider it.&quot;

She sat back in her chair and looked at him, eyes soft,
&quot;Please don't consider it for too long Darious. This is your decision to
make; Dani is not capable of deciding for herself any more.&quot;

Folding his hands together, he looked at her, &quot;I know
more about Danis' metal faculties than any of you and I can say with the utmost
confidence that they are still completely functional and in tact.&quot;

She shifted around uncomfortably under his gaze, &quot;OK,
I will take your word for it. But for her sake you need to make a decision.
Arguing about her mental faculties isn't going to help her at all.&quot;

Sighing, he nodded, &quot;You are right of course. Go ahead
and get the medicine.&quot; He lowered his eyes and shook his head sadly,
&quot;I hope, for her sake, it will help things. Besides, I can't keep feeding
her six times a day.&quot;

She looked at him, mouth open. She had never heard of a
she-devil feeding that much, not even a young one. She composed herself,
&quot;When I get back to town I'll prepare the medicine. It'll be in injection
form, you'll need to give it to her once an hour around the clock. Give me a
couple hours then you can pick it up.&quot;

He didn't look at her, just nodding, &quot;That's
fine.&quot;

She leaned forward and squeezed his hand again, &quot;I am
sorry about this Darious.&quot;

He turned his chair around, his back to her, &quot;No more
than I.
Leave me.&quot;

She stood and looked at him, &quot;If you need me for
anything at all don't hesitate to call.&quot;

He didn't turn and look at her, just saying in a curt tone,
&quot;Fine.&quot;

She made a discrete exit, throwing a worried glance at him
over her shoulder.

He sat alone in the study for an hour, not moving, while
the study its self tore its self apart.

Arkady saw the look on Julia's' face as she left and knew
that she had been to bearer of bad news. He gave it an hour before he poked his
head into the study. His eyes widened at the destruction in it. It looked as
though a tornado has ripped through it leaving devastation in its path.
&quot;Sire?&quot; he asked tentatively.

Darious didn't look at him, just stared off into space
looking much older than he ever had, &quot;What?&quot;

Arkadys' brow furrowed, &quot;Are you OK Sire?&quot;

Darious looked at him then said, wearily, &quot;I don't
know, you tell me.&quot;

Frowning, Arkady asked, &quot;What is wrong Sire?&quot;

Darious leaned back in his chair and sighed deeply,
&quot;Come in Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady stepped in and leaned against the wall, quietly
looking at Darious.

Darious' usual commanding presence was gone. When he started
to talk it was in a soft, quiet voice, &quot;Julia brought me some disturbing
news.&quot;

Looking concerned but feeling more than a touch of
trepidation, Arkady asked quietly, &quot;What is it Sire?&quot;

Shaking his head, Darious sighed deeply, &quot;She feels
that Dani is in all probability getting ready to go to ground. We are going to
do the most humane and kind thing we can for her, we are going to snow her with
pain killers. So she will either get better or she will not wake again. Either
way, she will be finally free from pain.&quot;

Turning white as a ghost, Arkady almost fell over,
&quot;What?! She can't! Lady Danyealle loves being alive and what she is. She
never ever suggested going to ground!&quot;

Darious looked at him, obviously tired, &quot;They are
guessing, going on theory and assumption.&quot;

Arkady slid down the wall in tears, &quot;She can't, she
just can't!&quot;

Darious looked at him, eyes weary, &quot;If it does happen
you and Marcus are both released. Without her my desire for that and almost
anything else will be gone.&quot;

Arkady looked at him, tears running down his face,
&quot;She will not, she just can't.&quot;

Darious sighed deeply, &quot;It's a possibility now. But if
I have anything to do with it I won't let her.&quot; He looked at Arkady,
&quot;I care for you Wolfie, as both a sub and as a friend but I care for her
so much more. She is like a part of me. Losing her would make me lose part of
myself.&quot;

Arkady shook his shaggy head vigorously, tears still
flowing, &quot;No way, she can't leave us. No.&quot;

Before Darious could answer Dani limped into the room in
feline form, signaling it was time for her medicine. She tried to hop up into
his lap but couldn't quite make it, instead sitting on the floor and looking up
at him.

He picked her up and held her close, stroking her soft fur.
She purred softly and curled up in his lap. He scratched her ears softly and
smiled down at her, &quot;Time for your meds Kitty?&quot;

She looked up at him and meowed, tail twitching. He stroked
her back gently then looked over at Arkady. He was sitting on the floor,
looking at her, sobbing quietly. Darious stood up and cuddled her close,
&quot;Let's go get your medicine toy.&quot; As he carried her upstairs he
wondered how much longer he would have her around and be able to touch and hold
her with her knowing what he was doing.

Chapter 32

&#65279; 

Since she had woken up she was not having one of her better
days, she was in a great deal of extreme pain and was suffering intensely. For
some reason she couldn't fathom her body wanted to be in feline form so she
shifted. But instead of being the smallish clouded leopard she was much larger,
heavier and more massive. Normally she was a stealthy 100lbs, a weight needed
to circumnavigate tree branches, but today she was much bigger at 225 lbs, more
than 100 lbs heavier than normal. And she was very out of sorts, growling and
whining in pain. Whereas, normal her feline from was just an extension of her
human form, maintaining her self control, today that wasn't the case. Today the
cat was all beasts, an angry, suffering and territorial one at that.

Hopping off the bed, she walked around rubbing against
everything, marking her territory then she headed down to the second floor.
Marcus was coming out of the bathroom, wrapped in just a towel, drying his hair
with another one. He started down the hallway towards his room. When he rounded
the corner he saw her sitting there, tail swishing deliberately. He had seen
her feline form several times but it was never this big. She bared her much
elongated fangs at him then hissed, eyes narrowing. He was invading her
territory and she was going to defend it. Standing up on all fours, she took a
few steps towards him, growling, and the hair down her spine bristling up. He
dropped the towel he was using on his hair and started to back up towards the
stairs, keeping an eye on her and what she was doing. When she started loping
after him he took off down the stairs on a dead run screaming at the top of his
lungs for Arkady to help him that she was once again after him.

Arkady was in the utility room, folding laundry, when he
heard Marcus' screams of pure terror. He dropped everything and headed into the
living room at top speed. He found Marcus running around the living room as
fast as he could, arms stretched out in front of him, barefoot, clad only in a
towel and screaming, &quot;Help me! She's going to kill me!&quot; With Dani hot
on his tail, growling and snapping at his heels. He shook his head and grinned
then stepped into the room.

Out of the corner of his eye Marcus saw Arkady and ran over
then hid behind him, panting and shaking. Arkady chuckled, thinking how funny
it was to see this 6'8&quot; man who was built like a linebacker being chased
around the room by a cat. Looking over his shoulder at the shaking Marcus he
said, &quot;I'll handle her, no problem. Calm down and I will get M'Lady calmed
down.&quot;

Stepping closer, fangs bared, and ears laid back, she
hissed at both of them. Arkady reached out to scratch between her ears,
something she adored but drew his hand back quickly when she snapped at him and
snarled. He quickly counted his fingers to see if she had taken any off then
looked back at Marcus, &quot;The lady seems to be slightly irritable today.
Mayhap I should get her outside and let her run out her extra energy until Lord
Darious returns from town.&quot;

Staring at him, Marcus said, &quot;Sounds good to me but
YOU'RE doing it, I don't have a death wish and like my limbs!&quot;

Arkady went to fetch a leash, something he normally
wouldn't have to use but thought best for all parties involved, while Marcus
watched her, plastered to the wall. She sat ten feet away watching him closely,
growling softly. Arkady quickly returned, holding the leash out in front of him
so she could see what it was. Talking in a soothing voice he slowly advanced
towards her, &quot;Would you like to put it on so you can go outside in the
yard and run until Lord Darious returns? No one will bother or disturb you out
there M'Lady.&quot;

She watched him cautiously, cocking her head from side to
side as he talked, her tail swishing briskly. When he got close enough she
ripped the leash out of his hands with one paw then proceeded to shred it into
hundreds of tiny grey pieces scattering theme everywhere.

Jumping back, Arkady plastered himself to the wall by
Marcus. &quot;It appears the kitty was unenthusiastic about the idea.&quot;
Marcus said, chuckling a bit, eyes still glued to her and her every move.

Nodding, Arkady replied, &quot;It would seem that way,
wouldn't it?&quot;

When she finished annihilating the offensive leash she
looked at Arkady and growled then took off after him. His eyes grew wider then
he took for Darious' study as fast as his legs would carry him. Marcus peeled
himself off the wall and ran for the kitchen at top speed.

Arkady was able to get inside and the door slammed shut
just as she leapt toward him. He felt the impact of the hit through the solid
wood, hearing her howl and snarl, her claws on the wood. This went on for a
couple minutes then he heard her walk off followed quickly by Marcus starting
to once again run and scream. Sighing deeply, he knew it was time to call
Darious for help. He was about the only one that could control her when she got
like this. He had gone into the village to talk with Raven and Julia. With a
shaking finger he dialed Darious' cell phone. When it went through and before
Darious could say anything at all he started to babble at top speed, &quot;Sire,
we urgently need you to come with some due speed. M'Lady has gone quite
berserk.&quot;

&quot;What do you mean gone berserk? What has she done
now?&quot; Darious could hear Marcus' screams ebbing and flowing in the
background.

Taking a deep breath, Arkady tried to calm himself so he
could get across to Darious just how urgent the situation was. &quot;She has
gone quite mad Sire. She is in her feline form only much larger than normal.
She has cornered me in the study and is in the other room chasing poor Marcus.
I think she means to do the both of us an injury!&quot;

Sighing, Darious shook his head. This was the latest saga
in her increasingly bizarre behavior as of late. &quot;OK Arkady, keep yourself
and Marcus safe the best you can and hold down the fort. I'll be there as quick
as I can.&quot;

Nodding, Arkady replied, &quot;Please hurry Sire, this is a
rather emergent situation and will progress to a grave one quickly if you don't
arrive soon.&quot;

Sighing deeply again, Darious said, &quot;I'll be there as
quick as I can.&quot; He hung up the phone then turned to Julia and Raven,
&quot;If you'll excuse me I have to go. A crisis has arisen with Dani and I
have to get to the house.&quot;

Arching an eyebrow, Raven asked, &quot;A crisis? Would you
like us to come with you?&quot;

&quot;No, I isn't anything that I can't handle.&quot;
Darious nodded to both of the women then headed to the house, muttering about
cats with PMS.

Quietly, Arkady opened the door and poked his head out,
looking around. Dani was chasing Marcus around and around the living room.
Stepping out quietly, on his next lap by the study Arkady grabbed Marcus' hand
and made a break for the front door, with Dani hot on their heels, Arkady
managed to get them outside and the door slammed shut before she caught up with
them. They both sagged against the door, panting, as she went into more of a
rage, howling and snarling, attacking the door.

Looking at Marcus, Arkady said, &quot;It's my considered
opinion that M'Lady is having a breakdown of some sort or another.&quot;

Marcus stared at him like he was some form of weird alien
life, &quot;It is MY opinion that she should be declawed and put into a padded
cage until they can get her on some powerful anti-psychotic medicine! She's
beyond having a breakdown and has skipped into loony land! She's gone totally
wacko! Th-th-that's all folks!&quot;

She attacked the door for a couple more minutes then backed
off. Leaping onto the sofa she, in a matter of minutes, had ripped and chewed
it apart down to the springs and wood. Somehow or other the chewing seemed to
ease the pain in her seriously hurting teeth. Then she leapt to the floor and
ripped the carpet from the wood and left long gouges in it with her sharp
claws. Then she hopped up onto the shelves and knocked them and their contents
to the floor, shattering all the delicate knick knacks. Hopping onto back down
onto the floor she saw the curtains billow out so she attacked them, tearing
them down and ripping them apart. Leaping onto the nearest chair, she used it
for a scratching post, tearing it apart. Then she spied the plant stands.
Slithering over to them she ate the green parts, knocking the pots to the
floor, shattering them, sending dirt and mulch spraying everywhere. Walking
around she spied the open study door. Tearing into the room she hopped onto the
long, heavily waxed conference table she slid down it, digging her claws in for
purchase, leaving deep claw marks in the wood down the center of it. When she
got to the end where Darious did his work, piles of records from Triple D
neatly stacked in big piles. She went through the paperwork like a four-footed
paper shredder, ripping it apart with her claws and teeth until the room looked
like it was in the middle of a paper blizzard, pieces floating everywhere. She
then leapt onto the leather sofa near the conference table and tore it apart
with her claws and teeth.

When the study was sufficiently shamblized for her tastes
she tore off down the hallway to the kitchen where she ripped all the pans and
dishes out of the cupboards and the food out of the refrigerator before trying
to chew the kitchen table apart, trying to ease the pain in her aching teeth
and gums.

After the kitchen she slunk into the fireplace room where
she clawed at the insulation and padding on the walls then attacked the
pillows, causing clouds of feathers to erupt in the room.

Walking out of the room she shook feathers out of her coat
then bound up the stairs to the second floor. First, she wandered Arkadys' room
where she shredded his clothes after pulling them out of the closet then she
attacked the bed. She used the bed for a scratching post then chewed on it
until it was in small pieces all over the place. She scratched up the wooden
bedposts before sashaying down the hall to Marcus' room. After a sniff of the
air and the recognition of who lived here she tore into everything like a shark
in a feeding frenzy, tearing everything into small pieces. When she walked out
into the hallway she used the carpet to sharpen her claws before casually
walking up to the third floor and into her and Darious' bedroom. After sniffing
around a bit a maniacal rage seemed to overtake her and she went through it
like a tornado through a trailer park, ripping everything to pieces. She even
ate the soap in the bathroom, knocked all their clothes off the hangers and
ripped the mattress of the bed, chewing and digging a hole right in the center
of it.

Her orgy of destruction done she wandered down to the first
floor and started chasing the feathers from the pillows around the mess in the
living room, meowing, tail swishing happily.

Marcus and Arkady were sitting on the front porch, smoking,
listening to the crashes and bangs coming from the house when Darious pulled up
and parked the Bentley in the drive way. Quickly, Darious walked over to him,
hearing the din coming from the house. Looking down at them, arms crossed over
his chest, he said, &quot;OK, what's going on this time?&quot;

Quickly, both Arkady and Marcus filled him in, ending with
Marcus saying, &quot;You may be a demon but she,&quot; he said, hooking his
thumb at the house, &quot;is Satan himself!&quot;

Darious looked at both of them, shaking his head, thinking
these two just didn't know how to handle the cat was all. Walking over to the
door, he knelt down in front of the mail slot and opened it, thinking he would
peer in and see what was going on when both of her paws shot out, claws
extended, hissing loudly. He was so startled that he fell over and landed on
his ass. She withdrew her paws and peered out at him, eyes flashing, growling
long and low.

Chuckling a bit, Marcus said, &quot;I'm telling you, she's
totally gone off the deep end.&quot;

Darious stood up and brushed himself off, glaring at
Marcus. Then he walked over to the front window and saw the disaster that was
once the living room. Then suddenly, as if by magic, Dani was hanging upside
down in front of him. Somehow or other she was hanging by her back paws from
the curtain rod, her face pressed tightly to the glass like one of those
Garfield cats that suction-cup to the car windows, her long bushy tail swishing
back and forth, meowing.

Staring, hard, at her he tried not to laugh, then shook his
finger at her, trying to convey that he was getting very upset with her and
what she had done but he was also trying to suppress laughter.

She totally missed the warning it was trying to convey
thinking it was a playful gesture and started batting at it with her paws. But
doing that caused extra strain on the already strained to the limit curtain rod
and it buckled, causing it and her to fall to the ground with a loud thump.
Snarling and thrashing about, she righted herself then picked up the curtain
rod and shook it vigorously before trotting off with it, accidentally putting
the end of it through the screen of their 100 inch TV, causing the picture tube
to implode, startling her. She headed to the fireplace room at top speed. But,
the curtain rod she was carrying in her mouth was far too long to go through
the doorway horizontally so the ends of it caught on the doorjambs, flipping
her over the bar like a gymnast, landing her on her back. It startled her but
pissed her off more and she attacked it, ripping it to shreds, snarling and
growling.

Watching her though the window, Darious shook his head.
Then he turned his back and rested against the side of the house, thinking.
Marcus and Arkady peered through the window, watching her murdelize the curtain
rod. Arkady scratched his head thoughtfully then looked at Darious,
&quot;M'Lady appears to need something to calm her down before she does herself
a serious injury.&quot;

Darious looked over at him then nodded, pulling out his
cell phone. Quickly he dialed Julia's number. When she answered he said,
&quot;I need you here ASAP. Bring a tranquilizer gun, some heavy duty kitty
Prozac and a steel re-enforced butterfly net.&quot;

Chuckling loudly, she asked, &quot;You want what
Darious?&quot;

He growled softly, &quot;Just get here quickly.&quot; Then
he hung up the phone and turned back to the window, watching her throw pillows
out of the fireplace room, feathers flying everywhere. He felt she was
sufficiently distracted so he quietly opened the front door and stepped inside.
She wasn't paying attention to him, too busy shaking the pillows, feathers
billowing out of them and scattering everywhere.

Cautiously, Marcus and Arkady entered, sticking close to
Darious. When Darious looked into his study and saw it looked like a blizzard
had going though it, shreds of paper were at least an inch thick on the floor.
He bent down and picked up a couple of the bigger sized chunks and saw they
were his business records. Growling long and down, looking at her, eyes
flashing, a large black cloud of fury started to form over his head. Without
even looking at it he punched the study wall, pulling a fist sized hole in it.
Arkady and Marcus, already jumpy, almost shot out of their skins at the crack.
She looked up startled. When she saw them standing there and could feel his
rising anger, she dropped the pillow she was shaking and backed up slowly
towards the stairs. When she saw they were still advancing towards her she
turned tail and ran upstairs at top speed, disappearing into Marcus' room.

Cautiously, they all started up the stairs with Darious in
the lead when she bound out of the room wearing one of Marcus' loincloths on
her head and carrying a chunk of his mattress in her mouth. She shook it
vigorously, sending pieces of foam everywhere. Then she dropped it and pawed
the loincloth off her head, starting to chew it apart. She heard the creak on
the stairs and looked at them, backing up towards the other stair case slowly,
reowing softly, her bushy tail swishing back and forth briskly.

When they reached the landing she dashed up the stairs to
the 3rd floor and ran into the closet, the door closing behind her.
She then buried herself in the clothes on the floor, hiding in the gloomy
darkness.

They all peered into Marcus' room, seeing the total
devastation she had left. Darious looked over his shoulder at Marcus, &quot;She
really doesn't like you, does she? Go ahead and get dressed. I will keep an eye
out for her.&quot;

Walking in, Marcus started to rummage through the rubble on
the floor, finding nothing but small pieces of his things here and there. His
temper was boiling at the total destruction of what few personal items he had.
Stalking back out into the hallway, he glowered up the stairs.

Looking at him quizzically, &quot;Why didn't you get
dressed?&quot;

Glaring, Marcus snarled, &quot;Get dressed in what? She ate
all my fucking clothes!&quot;

Darious arched and eyebrow at the attitude but he let it go
for now. Sending Arkady to get a pair of his sweats, Darious kept an eye out in
case she came back down. Arkady quickly found him a pair that wasn't too badly
mangled and Marcus quickly slipped them on. Then they all headed,
trepidatiously, up to the 3rd floor.

It looked like a tornado has ripped though the bedroom.
They walked gingerly through the mess on the floor keeping a close eye out for
her. Darious looked around, eyes finally resting on the mattress she had chewed
the hole through. Sighing deeply he said, trying to make light of it and keep
his temper under control, &quot;If she had wanted to redecorate the house all
she had to do was ask, I would have hired someone. She didn't need to try and
do it herself.&quot;

They all kept an eye out for her, knowing she was in here
somewhere. Arkady picked his way through he mess to the bathroom and went in
while Marcus and Darious started picking up the debris and piling it on the
bed. Kneeling down cautiously he looked under the bed, no Dani. Then he stood
back up and brushed his hands off, peering around to see where else she could
have found a hiding place. Arkady came back out and held up several partially eaten
bars of soap, chuckling, &quot;She even ate the soap Sire!&quot;

Shaking his head, Darious sighed, &quot;After eating all
that foam rubber she must have had a bad taste in her mouth and needed to wash
it out.&quot; Even the stressed out Marcus and Arkady chuckled at that one.

Darious looked around some more when his eyes lit on the
closet. That was about the only place that she really could hide. Stepping
forward quietly, he slowly opened the door.

She had been quietly lying on the floor chewing on the
crotch of Darious' Armani tux pants when the doorknob started turning. She
burrowed under the clothes, getting the hole in the pants over her head until
they were around her neck like a necklace. When he opened the door all the way
she leapt out, snarling. She startled Marcus so much he fell backwards over a
tipped over chair. Then she took off at top speed down the stairs until she got
to the ground floor where she leapt up into her cat loft and dove into one of
the small trees there and attacked it, branches flying everywhere.

Quickly, they followed her and stood at the bottom of the
staircase watching the branches fly then watching her jumping from tree to tree
attacking each in turn. Darious chortled, &quot;Well, at least we don't have to
climb up there now and prune them.

Both Arkady and Marcus grinned at that one. Arkady then
speculated, &quot;I wonder what those poor defenceless trees ever did to her to
warrant that abusive treatment?&quot;

By this time Julia and Raven had arrived. They opened the
door and stood there, mouths agape at the damage. Dani saw the door open and
leaped down, dashing out it, leaping off the front porch into a nearby tree,
which she proceeded to attack and started chewing on it.

Darious yelled, &quot;Shit!&quot; and took off out the
front door, hoping she wasn't going to try to get off the compound. He stopped
dead in his tracks when he saw her in the tree trying to chew it apart. The
rest quickly joined him, chuckling, watching her. Raven looked at Darious, eyes
dancing, &quot;What's gotten into her?&quot;

Shooting her a sharp look, Darious said, &quot;You tell me!
I come back to a house that's been torn apart by a kitty cat on a mixture of
speed and steroids. I don't know what the hell has gotten into her. When I left
she was fine, sleeping soundly.&quot;

Both women shook their heads, obviously as bewildered by
her behavior as he was, eyes glued to her in the tree.

After most of the leaves and a bunch of the smaller
branches were on the ground she sat down on one of the bigger branches and
looked around. Then she spied one of the flowering bushes by the porch. She
took of running down the branch and dove into the center of it, starting to
chew it apart, bits of flowers and leaves flying in all directions as if a week
whacker on drugs were loose in the center.

When the bush was sufficiently denuded for her tastes she
poked her head out of the top of the bush, looked at those assembled there
innocently and reowed before she leapt out and started to tear back and forth
across the yard at top speed.

Julia looked at her, amazed, &quot;Where is she getting the
energy for all this exercise?&quot;

Looking at Julia, thinking, Darious then said slowly,
&quot;That is a good question. This morning she didn't seem to have enough
energy to get out of bed let alone take on a marathon of destruction and mayhem
like she is. Not only that, why is she so much bigger than normal?&quot;

Stepping forward into the yard Julia watched her closely,
&quot;She had better stop this before it makes whatever is wrong with her
worse. Once she calms down I will have a look at her to see what I can figure
out.&quot;

Dani continued to dash back and forth until she saw
everyone standing there watching her. Quickly looking around she tried to find
an escape. She spied Darious' classic Bentley, the car he had had for many
years and was in mint condition, his pride and joy, then made a beeline for it,
climbing into it through a partially opened window.

Darious' face became a mask of horror. Dashing forward he
put his hands on the roof above the drivers side window and looked at her,
&quot;Please honey, don't hurt the car OK? Come on out and you can play in the
yard all you want to. PLEASE Baby!&quot; This was the closest he had ever come
to begging her for anything.

She looked at him intently then to the steering wheel then
back to Darious, head cocked to one side, tail twitching back and forth
swiftly.

He was trying desperately to remain calm, &quot;Come on out
baby and we'll find your chew toy. Just don't hurt my car OK Baby?&quot;

Reowing at him softly she then attacked the steering wheel,
ripping and chewing on it until it came off in her mouth. She then dug her
claws into the fine tooled leather seats, leaving long rips in them. She then
hunched up and took a shit right on the console between the bucket seats. It
wasn't solid but a brown colored liquid that splattered everywhere. Then,
standing up and poking her head out the sunroof, the steering wheel still
clutched in her mouth, she looked at him and reowed loudly.

The dark cloud that had been forming over his head in the
house turned into something akin to a hurricane and he growled angrily then
shifted to full demon form.

The growl and shift frightened her and she clambered out of
the sunroof then dashed at full speed into the garage, knocking his limited
edition Harley Davidson motorcycle over in the process.

Raven and Julia saw this as their chance and lamed the
garage door shut, locking it. Raven looked over at him, &quot;I think we have
her finally.&quot;

Darious looked at them, hearing Dani tear apart the garage
and start to claw at the door then looked back at the car. &quot;She shit in my
$500,000.00 Bentley. I am going to use her coat for a robe when I get my hands
on her, I swear it!&quot;

Raven and Julia both chuckled softly then turned back to
the garage when they heard a large snapping and splintering noise. Dani had
clawed and chewed a large hole in the door. Poking her head out, she looked at
all of them then reowed before she climbed out the hole and took off around the
house.

They all stood back and watched her take several laps
around the house before an idea dawned on Julia. She got a very large
hypodermic out of her bag and filled it with Thorazine then capped it and stuck
it in her front pocket. On Danis' next lap by she stepped forward and called to
her softly.

Dani stopped and looked at her, cocking her head side to
side, tail swishing rapidly to and fro. When Julia knelt down Dani trotted over
to her and rolled onto her back at her feet, purring loudly. Julia pulled the
needle out of her pocket, uncapped it with her teeth then quickly injected it
into her hip. Dani reowed softly and looked up at her, tail swishing faster.

Watching her laying there passively after all the havoc she
had just caused infuriated Darious to no end. He fought down the urge to walk
over and punt her across the yard like a football.

When she started to doze off Julia picked her up and
carried her into the house and laid her gently in Darious chair. Everyone
followed and stood around staring at the animal that had just about destroyed
the entire house all by herself.

Raven looked around and chuckled, &quot;So this is what
happens when I kitty throws a temper tantrum.&quot;

Darious growled at her, not in the least bit amused. He
then turned to Julia, &quot;I want her so doped she doesn't even know what
planet she is on from now on.&quot;

Nodding, Julia said, &quot;I'll mix something up when I get
back to the hotel. She looked at the sleeping Dani then to Darious, &quot;Don't
be too hard on her, she is sick and probably didn't know what she was doing.
Normally Dani wouldn't have destroyed something she took so much time and pains
to design then have built just the way she wanted it.&quot;

Darious looked at the sleeping cat curled up peacefully in
his chair, &quot;Ill handle this my own way Julia. Now, if you'll excuse us
ladies, it appears Arkady, Marcus and I have a great deal of work to do. We'll
call you if we need anything else.&quot; He knew Julia was right, that
something had to be wrong with Dani for her to do what she had done to the
house she was so proud of and loved dearly. He just needed time alone to get
his temper back under control. And as much as he loved his Bentley he cared for
her even more.

Chapter 33

&#65279; 

After the extra help was gone for the day Marcus, Darious
and Arkady were still cleaning things up. Darious had kept Dani with him all
day to keep a close eye on her so there was not a repeat performance of the
destruction of the house. Darious and Arkady were cleaning the living room so
he had lain her down in his chair where she laid quietly, sleeping. While they
were cleaning Darious had to get something from his study, he expected to be gone
only a minute or two so he left her where she was. But when he go in there he
got a bit distracted and started going through a box of things sitting on the
conference table.

Arkady was busy sweeping the floor and didn't see her stir
around in the chair and wake up. She watched Arkady quietly for several
minutes, licking her fangs. She was very hungry and saw him as food not as her
friend and confidant. When she silently shifted to full she-devil any
recognition of just who he was vanished, she just saw him as a being to feed
off of. She let out a low growl-purr, looking at him, eyes flashing.

Arkadys head jerked up and he looked at her, eyes widening.
He knew that look of deep and unrequited hunger. Dropping the broom, he backed
away then yelled for Darious. &quot;Sire! I urgently need you!&quot;

Not looking up from what he was doing, Darious said,
&quot;What do you need Wolfie?&quot;

Keeping a close eye on the advancing Dani, Arkady slowly
backed away from her, trying to remain calm, &quot;Umm, she's awake Sire and
has that hungry look about her. You're help in this matter would be greatly
appreciated right about now!&quot;

Oh shit!&quot; Darious said, dropping everything and
hurrying towards the living room at top speed.

Before Darious could get there Dani leapt on Arkady and
knocked him to the floor. She sat on top of him then released a huge cloud of
scent, causing him to orgasm almost instantaneously then sunk her fangs into
his shoulder and started to feed.

Darious walked up behind her while she was feeding and
stroked her tail, trying to get her attention, &quot;Hey there Miss Kitty, what
are you doing?&quot; He said in a soft, playful voice.

Immediately she let go of Arkady and stood up, facing
Darious, licking her bloody fangs. She didn't recognize him either; he was just
a male to feed off of. She leapt on him; hitting him so hard in the chest he
fell over the sofa and sprawled on the floor. She planted herself on his chest
and sunk her fangs into his neck then started to feed, roughly, instinctively
knowing that with Darious he didn't need to orgasm for her to get from his
blood what she needed, because of his nature it was always there in abundance.
He winced and grimaced, normally she was fairly gentle when she fed so she
didn't hurt him but this time it felt as though she had just ripped his neck
apart.

Marcus had heard all the ruckus while he was in the
fireplace room cleaning up all the feathers so he walked into the living room
to see what was going on.

Dani smelled him as she was pulling her fangs out of
Darious' neck. Looking over at him, she licked the blood out of the corners of
her mouth, tail swishing purposefully.

First he saw Arkady crumpled on the floor, holding his
shoulder, trying to gather himself and then Darious prostrate on the floor,
neck bleeding. Then Dani perched on his chest, looking at him, tail swishing,
fangs bloody and bared at him. Starting to slowly back down the hallway, trying
not to incite her, shaking his head, hands held out in front of him he said,
&quot;Umm, Miss Dani? Please, I beg of you, don't do this!&quot;

Before he could take ten steps she was on him, knocking him
down then released a cloud of scent, causing him to orgasm. She then sunk her
fangs deep into his neck and started to feed. He yelled out in pan as her fangs
sank into him, trying to push her away.

Darious sat up, holding his sore neck, wincing. Standing up
on shaking legs, he started towards them, hoping to rescue Marcus before she
really hurt him.

Before he could get to him she finished feeding. Getting
off of him she promptly shifted back to her feline form and crawled into
Darious chair then fell back to sleep.

Marcus laid there, flat on his back, moaning, &quot;Oh shit
that fucking hurt!&quot;

Darious went and helped him to his feet then Arkady,
holding his own neck, wincing. &quot;How are you both feeling?&quot;

Marcus wobbled a bit then leaned back against the wall. He
checked his hand a couple times to make sure he was no longer bleeding. &quot;I
feel like I've been abused!&quot;

Glassy eyed, Arkady looked at Darious, &quot;I feel like
I've been used.&quot;

Darious checked his own wound and winced. &quot;I feel like
I've been hit by a Mack truck myself. I would say the cleaning is done for the
night so we can take some time to recover.&quot;

Arkady nodded, &quot;Yes.&quot; He then looked at Darious,
&quot;Sire, you need to be with M'Lady 24/7 from this point forward I fear
since you are really the only one of us who has any kind of chance of being
able to control her.&quot;

Nodding Darious said, sighing, &quot;I will She'll be a
permanent fur wrap around on my neck from now on.&quot;

Marcus sighed and shook his head, &quot;She needs a
leash!&quot;

Chuckling mirthlessly, Darious said to him, &quot;She does,
I know. Do you want to be the one to put it on her?&quot;

Looking at Darious goggle-eyed he shook his head
vigorously, &quot;No fucking way! I am not crazy!&quot;

Grinning, Darious shook his head, &quot;Then don't give me
ideas! Let's go get some rest, shall we?&quot;

Chapter 34

&#65279; 

Rolling over, he put his arm around her and pulled her
close to him, burying his face in his hair and stroking up and down her back
gently. Suddenly though, he stopped cold, there was something not right with
her. Usually she woke up just a bit and muttered something, no matter how doped
up she was. This time, nothing though. Pulling away, he looked down at her
peaceful face; she looked like she was asleep but his sense told him it wasn't
a 'right' sleep. Looking closer he saw that she was breathing but barely. For
the first time in months her face wasn't lined with the pain she was so
suffering from. OK, the though, maybe she is just really sleeping deeply if the
pain has lessened. Shaking her softly he called, &quot;Dani?&quot;

She didn't move, twitch or seem to hear him.

&quot;Toy!&quot; He said louder, shaking her a bit harder.
Still nothing. &quot;Danyealle!&quot; He yelled, shaking her almost violently.
Still she didn't wake up, didn't even flinch in the least. Peering at her
closer he noticed she was barely breathing. Putting two fingers on her carotid
artery he did feel a pulse but it was barely there, more like the flutter of
butterfly wings than a normal, throbbing pulse. Picking her up by the
shoulders, he shook her, roaring her name. Her head lolled but her eyes stayed
closed. Arkady must have heard him shout because he came in. Darious gave him a
helpless look, &quot;I can't get her to wake up!&quot;

Taking her, gently, into his arms, he cradled her to him
and looked her over. Then he looked back at Darious, tears in his eyes,
&quot;She is gone Darious.&quot; He said, softly, voice trembling.

Glaring at him, Darious said in short, clipped, hard tones,
&quot;What the hell are you talking about? Gone? She isn't gone! She is just
asleep. She's still breathing and her heart is beating, she can't be gone if
that is still going on!&quot;

Shaking his head, tears spilling down over his cheeks,
Arkady said softly, &quot;No Darious, she's not dead. She has gone to sleep or
what is termed 'gone to ground'. She will in all probability never again
awaken.&quot;

&quot;No! I REFUSE to accept that! She would not leave me
willingly!&quot; Darious screamed, his heart hammering so hard in his chest
that it felt like it would explode. She cannot have left him, she wouldn't. She
said she loved him, if she did she would never leave him. He could not accept
that it was even a possibility.

Cradling her close to his chest, Arkady said softly, voice
choked and uneven, &quot;Darious, I doubt M'Lady had much of a choice in the
matter. I think that mayhap it was something she fought as long as she could,
that is why she was in so much pain, but what was inevitable has finally come
about.&quot; Sniffing loudly, tears streaming, he groped for the right words
for Darious, to somehow make him understand what he himself couldn't or didn't
want to accept. &quot;This, by no means, is an expression of what she feels for
you. I think, perhaps...&quot; Breaking down completely, he couldn't continue.

A voice from the doorway continued it for him, full of
emotion as well, &quot;She stayed as long as she could Master, no matter the
pain or everything else she was suffering with, and she stayed because of what
she felt for you.&quot; Marcus stepped close to the bed and looked down at her
sleeping, peaceful face, tears sparkling in his eyes as well. Putting a hand on
Darious' shoulder he said, softly, &quot;She does love you Master. But she
could no longer fight off nature. She stayed as long as she was able despite
the torture it caused her. She stayed because she loved you. Now, she is finally
free from that, for that you should be glad.&quot;

Darious glared at him, eyes starting to glow, &quot;How the
fuck would you know about any of that? You hated her and didn't care what she
felt! She sure as hell wouldn't have confided anything to the likes of
you!&quot; A red rage was building in him, something he was unable to stop. It
was an almost natural reaction to the foreign feelings he was getting at the
thought that she was no longer there and there was nothing he could do to bring
her back. It felt like someone had kicked him square in the nuts and ripped
part of him out. He didn't know what to feel all he knew was rage.

Shaking his head, Marcus said, softly, &quot;That's not
true Master. How could someone be indifferent to the amount of suffering she
was going through? From hearing everyone talk about what she used to be like I
realized that the person I knew wasn't her, that what I was seeing was someone
in almost unimaginable pain. No, she didn't confide anything in me but all I
had to do was see the look on her face when she looked at you. Anyone that
wasn't blind could tell how much she loved you. And you would have to be even
more blind to see that you feel just as strongly for her.&quot;

Picking up Claude off her pillow Arkady put him in her arms
one last time then kissed her forehead lightly. With a thick voice he said
softly, &quot;M'Lady I did, do and always will love you, no matter what. May
you finally have the peace you so richly deserve.&quot; Standing up, he put her
back in Darious' arms then wiped away his tears, with a thick and hitched voice
he said, &quot;I am going to call Lady Julia. She has to come and make the
final pronouncement.&quot; Then walked out of the room, sobbing.

Looking down into her peaceful face Darious realized that
both Marcus and Arkady were right, she was gone. There was probably nothing she
could have done to stop it. Also, that for the first time in so long her pain
was finally over. Finally his toy, his Dani, his Danyealle had her peace. He
could feel tears prickle his eyes and burn. But he could also, for the first
time in his existence, understand what humans felt when they said their heart
was breaking because his was. What was the first and only being he ever felt
anything for was gone and there was nothing what so ever that he could do about
it. There was no power strong enough to bring her back to him. She was gone,
forever. His toy was gone. Throwing his head back he bellowed so loudly the
walls shook. A sound of pain he was sure both heaven and hell could hear.

He could then hear a soft feminine voice calling his name
and felt something hit his bicep. With a huge jerk his eyes flew open and he
could hear Dani saying his name. Looking down, she was cradled tightly in his
arms, awake, staring up at him. It was a dream! Nothing but a very bad, very real
dream! Clutching her tightly to his chest, he buried his face in her hair and
started to sob softly. There were no real tears but it was crying none the less
and there was no power in the world strong enough to stop him. Stroking her
back softly, feeling those odd bumps, he rocked back and forth, holding her to
him, relieved that it was nothing more than a bad, bad nightmare, not real.

Confused, she looked up at him, &quot;Are you OK
Darious?&quot;

All he could do was nod, her throat constricted with too
much emotion to say anything.

Putting an arm around his neck she rested her head on his
shoulder, starting to once again doze off.

Once he calmed down slightly, his heart no longer feeling
like it was going to burst he looked down at her, &quot;You feeling OK
toy?&quot;

Nodding, she mumbled, &quot;I'm fine, just tired. What's
wrong Darious?&quot; She said, opening one bleary eye and looking at him.

Shaking his head, &quot;Nothing, just a bad dream is all.
Nothing to worry about. You go back to sleep toy.&quot;

&quot;S'ok.&quot; She mumbled, starting to droop back off,
clutching Claude to her chest, arm still draped over his shoulder.

He held her for a long time, unable or unwilling to put her
down. It was as if he thought it would all return to him if he let her go.
After a bit he heard a soft noise in the doorway and looked up. Arkady was
standing there, watching quietly. Clearing his throat he said in a voice still
unsteady, &quot;Everything OK Wolfie?&quot;

Stepping into the room, Arkady made his way to the bed,
sitting down by Darious, reaching out to softly rub Danis' back. He then looked
up at Darious, &quot;I was about to ask you the same thing Sire. Marcus and I
both heard you scream. Is everything alright?&quot;

Nodding, Darious let out a ragged breath, &quot;Yes,
everything is fine. I just had a very bad, very realistic dream is all. Nothing
what so ever to worry about.&quot;

Nodding, Arkady looked at Dani, quiet, then said softly,
&quot;We all feel how you do Sire. We are all scared that one day she is not
going to wake up and will be lost to us. You aren't alone in that. Myself, all the
Ladies, the werewolves that knew her and even Marcus are scared.&quot;

&quot;How did you know that was the dream Wolfie?&quot;
Darious asked, softly, looking at him, startled.

Giving a small smile, Arkady looked at him. &quot;It is no
great trick Sire, you were yelling in your sleep. It wasn't hard to make out
the words.&quot;

Darious grinned, sheepishly, &quot;Sorry about that.&quot;
He then looked at Arkady sharply, &quot;Marcus? I didn't think he liked Dani
much. Why him as well?&quot;

Sighing, Arkady said, &quot;Marcus has finally realized,
after hearing so many of us talk of her, that M'Lady is not herself and is
taking into account that she is sick. And sick people are often hostile. But it
is hard for even the most cold-hearted of people to see someone suffering so
much and not feel for them. Marcus is not that cold hearted.&quot; Smiling up
at Darious he said, &quot;Why don't you go and take a nice soothing shower
Sire, that should wash away the last of the dream and make you feel better. I
will stay here with M'Lady until you return.&quot;

He was reluctant to leave her, even for just the few
minutes it would take for him to grab a quick shower but he put her in Arkadys
waiting arms and kissed her forehead. &quot;Thank you Wolfie.&quot;

Smiling, Arkady said, &quot;Sire, M'Lady will not ever
leave you willingly, she would fight it all the way and you know it.&quot;

&quot;I know Wolfie.&quot; Darious said, walking to the
bathroom. As he reached the door he turned around and looked at Arkady,
&quot;Thank you.&quot; He said, softly.

Smiling, Arkady said, &quot;No need Sire. Just take a long
hot shower and relax.&quot;

The shower did calm him and make him feel better. But as he
lay next to her all night he couldn't help remember the dream and how it felt.
But more than that he realized it was a possibility now and didn't know what to
do to make it all better.

Chapter 35

&#65279; 

By 9:00 A.M. Dani was in more pain than Darious had ever
seen, her whole body twitching and shaking, muscles spasming madly. Two days
ago Julia had cut off her supply of pain killers and anti-anxiety drugs saying
with the massive doses she was taking it would probably drive her to go to
ground or damage her brain so badly it would take her centuries to recover.
Darious sat with her, holding and soothing her the best he could until he could
no longer stand to watch her suffer. That is was when he sent Arkady to fetch
Julia. There had to be SOMETHNG she could do to alleviate Danis suffering. With
all the modern medicine and everything they could do there had to be SOMETHING
that could be done to help her. Watching her suffer so badly was a form of
torture to him as well; it hurt to watch her in so much pain. He didn't feel
her pain but because of the emotional attachment he had to her he was hurting
as well, his was just an emotional pain. If there was some way, anyway, he
could take her pain and deal with it himself, he would in a second. He would
rather be suffering through it than watch her in so much pain.

Julia was quick about showing up; it took her less than
five minutes to arrive. But along with her this time was Zsuzanna, Raven and
Mortichi. Darious was sitting in his chair, holding the sobbing and twitching
Dani, viewing the others with suspicion. Kneeling before them Julia carefully
examined Dani, trying to cause her the least amount of pain that she could.
Then she looked at Darious, &quot;I'll give her a muscle relaxant but that is
about the best I can do for her now.&quot;

Darious glared at her, &quot;There has to be something you
can give her from the pain! Something, anything!&quot;

Julia shook her head and injected the drug into her already
excruciatingly painful hip. Within a couple minutes Darious felt her go limp in
his arms as the drug high balled into her system. Looking down, he saw that she
had finally fallen into a restless sleep but at least she was a bit more
comfortable. Giving Julia a hard look, he said, &quot;Do something damn it!
Can't you see how much she is suffering?&quot;

Shaking her head, Julia sighed deeply, &quot;Darious, I
explained this to you the other day. There really isn't anything left that I
can do. I was giving her enough pain killers to anesthetize a herd of
elephants. Even Dani can't take that for long before it has an effect. I just
can't give her any more.&quot;

Darious glared at her but before he could say anything
Raven stepped forward and put her hand on his shoulder. &quot;Darious,&quot;
she said softly, &quot;I think you need to prepare yourself for what is
probably inevitable by now. We all think this is close to the end. &quot;

Of all the she-devils he was in regular contact with Raven
was the one he held in the highest esteem. She had never talked down to him and
always gave him respect. She had told him that if Dani trusted him, then that
was good enough for her. Looking at her, he shook his head, &quot;I cannot and
will not accept that! She can't be leaving me. She would never do that!&quot;

Kneeling down in front of him, she took his hand despite
the discomfort it caused her; Raven was more sensitive than most to the
evilness that always surrounded him because she was not only telepathic but
empathic. Looking up at him, she shook her head sadly, &quot;None of us want
her to leave Darious. We all love and care for her like you do. All of us,
except for Mortichi, were created by her and have more respect and love for her
than you will ever know. But look at her, she is suffering. Going to ground may
be the kindest thing that could happen to her now. Her pain and suffering would
finally end and she would be at peace once again. I know you don't want to lose
her, none of us do, but can you stand to see her in this much pain? Or watch it
get worse if we do something to prolong in?&quot;

Sighing deeply, Darious felt his eyes sting and they filled
with tears. She was right of course. Dani was suffering so much that going to
ground might be the best thing for her. But the thought of her leaving him
hurt. He was having feelings he didn't think he could and losing her would be
like losing part of himself. For any other being he wouldn't care about how
much they were suffering, he would say fuck it and prolong it for as long as
was possible, ignoring their pain and perhaps relishing in it. But Dani was
different. When it came to her all the normal rules for him went out the
window. He was suffering right along with her, unable to bear the thought that
she was suffering, unable to watch her in so much pain, feeling helpless that
for all his power he could do nothing to make it stop or fix what was wrong
with her. Tears started to spill out of his eyes and run down his cheeks,
looking at Raven, &quot;You are right of course, as much as I don't want you to
be.&quot; He looked over at Julia, the pain he was feeling unmistakable in his
eyes and on his face, &quot;Is there anything you can do to get her there
quicker so she is no longer suffering?&quot; It broke his heart to say that and
he wanted to bellow in agony but his realistic side told him that this was not a
time to think of himself, but of her and how best to give her the relief she
certainly needed. It had been going on for so long now that she needed it to
end.

Nodding, Julia said in a quivering voice, her own eyes
filling with tears, &quot;Yes, I think with a big enough dose of pain killers
and a couple other things I can trigger it.&quot;

Darious nodded, but didn't say anything, looking down at
Dani, hurting in places he never knew existed.

Raven squeezed his hand and said, in a soft voice,
&quot;Why don't I go get Arkady and Marcus so they can say their final goodbyes
to her OK?&quot;

Not looking at her, he nodded, eyes never leaving Danis
face. All he could think about was losing her after all these years and being
alone again, to never again see her or be able to touch her. He didn't really
care about anyone else getting to say goodbye just the fact that what he had
feared most over the last few weeks was going to come to pass. Thinking, he
tried to come up with something, anything, to get around this. But for all his
knowledge and experiences he could come up with nothing. If she were human he
could find a cure easily enough but she wasn't. What worked with humans didn't
with she-devils and he was afraid that if he did try it would cause her more
pain that she was already in. That was something he didn't want.

Quietly Marcus and Arkady stepped into the room, both
looking a bit shell shocked but they didn't move any closer to her, staying
back against the wall where everyone else was standing, waiting for Darious to
give them the OK to come forward. Darious heard them come in but didn't look
up, continuing to gaze down at the still restless Dani, tears slowly running
down his face, dripping down onto her by now. Although his body was still his
mind was racing all over, still trying to find a way to fix this but coming up
with nothing. It was then, while the room was quiet, the only sounds were the
ticking of the clock and the breathing of those in the room that it finally hit
him full force, she was leaving and there was nothing he could do to stop it.
Holding her tightly to his chest, his face buried in her hair he started to sob
loudly, body shaking violently. &quot;Please Dani, don't leave me,
please!&quot; He sobbed into her hair, eyes so full of tears that everything
was a blur. &quot;Dani, I denounce hell and all that I was for you, just don't
leave me. I will give you everything I have and everything I own, including
myself to you. Please Danyealle, please don't leave me! Just stay with me and
it is all yours, everything.&quot; Shoulders heaving, he sobbed louder. As his
denunciation left him there was a shaking in the room and a loud crack, like a
thunder clap, then the presence of evil surrounding him dissipated in waves
leaving behind a still atmosphere.

Everyone standing against the wall looked at each other,
astonished, mouths hanging open, unable to believe what they heard. But they
could all feel it like warmth surrounding each of them and a cleansing smell
overtaking the room.

But Dani still didn't awaken, lying limply in his arms eyes
still shut. Her body seemed to be moving around more and twitching harder.

Holding her as tightly as he dared, he rubbed her back
softly, tears still falling in her hair. He knew what he had done was a long
shot at best but he had to try it. Anything, no matter how long the odds that
it might work, was worth a try at this point. Anything, just so she didn't
leave him. He didn't think he could bear to go on without her, life as he knew
it would be over if she was gone and any zest for what he did would be gone
with it.

Raven stepped a couple paces forward and said, softly,
&quot;Darious, I think...&quot;

But before she could finish her thought Danis eyes flew
open and she jerked away from him slightly, starting up at him. Her eyes were
more animalistic than normal and her fangs were elongated and showing.

Looking down at her, astonished he opened his mouth to say
something but nothing came out.

Before he could find his voice she shifted to full
she-devil so fast it was almost surreal then sunk her fangs deep into his
shoulder through his shirt and began to drink greedily the blood that was
pouring into her mouth, like a thirsty man having a drink of water after days
in the desert.

Wincing a bit as her sharp fangs sunk into his shoulder, he
stroked her back and kissed the top of her head. For the first time in weeks
there was an actual blossom of hope in his chest that she may come out of what
ever was wrong with her. But he kept a tight reign on it so as not to get his
hopes up prematurely. Rubbing her cheek against her soft silken hair he said
softly, &quot;Feed all you need to Miss Kitty, I have all you could want and
it's yours for the taking.&quot;

When she finished, after taking more than half his blood
supply, she pulled her fangs out and shot out of his lap, standing and facing
those that were against the wall. Licking her bloody fangs and the small
rivulet of blood out of the corner of her mouth, tail lashing purposefully to
and fro she stepped slowly closer to them, eyes locked on Arkady.

Without a word, his eyes locked on her, he unbuttoned his
shirt and slid it off then took a couple steps forward. &quot;I am here for you
if you need to feed M'Lady. Take what you will.&quot; He then smiled at her and
opened his arms, beckoning her to him.

Stepping into his arms, she released a small cloud of scent,
causing him to orgasm, and then sunk her fangs into his neck, drinking deeply.

When she was done, she backed away, wiping her mouth off
with the back of her hand, eyes darting around. She had drunk more than she had
ever in her existence but still her hunger was not sated. Some instinct in her
told her she needed more so she looked around for another man, eyes lighting on
Marcus. Normally, this form was totally bestial, following only her animal
instincts and where they led her. But today, for the first time since her
creation, her consciousness was there fully, combining with the she-devil
beast. So rather than just pounce and take she walked to him calmly, tail
swishing purposefully, eyes locked with his.

Noting the lack of animalistic behavior and not wanting to
provoke what he knew could become violent at a drop of a hat, Marcus followed
Arkadys' lead and removed is shirt, standing there, waiting.

Quickly, she stepped up to him and did what she had done to
Arkady, drinking deeply, hearing his rapid heartbeat in his broad, deep chest.
When her instinct told her that was all she should drink from him she pulled
away, licking away the blood on her lips, eyes once again scanning those
assembled for a man.

Knowing what she wanted Mortichi stepped to her, eyes
locked with hers, pulling his shirt of his shoulder, but saying nothing. Again,
she followed her pattern and drank deeply until the instinct told her to stop.
But again, that was not enough for her. Stepping back her head swiveled to
Darious, who had stood to watch. He smiled at her, &quot;I have all you need
Miss Kitty, and you know that. Come and take it.&quot; She did just that,
drinking deeply until; finally, her body seemed to have all it needed.

When she stepped away from him, licking her bloody fangs
she looked at him, tail lazily waving behind her.

For the first time he noticed that her eyes were different,
no, not the color of them, but somehow they were different. Normally the she
devil was nothing but beast, now, however, those eyes belonged to Dani, and her
presence was in them. The hard sharp bite to them that signaled the presence of
the animal wasn't there. Dani was fully in control it appeared, something he
had never seen before. Stepping closer he asked softly, &quot;Miss Kitty, what
is going on? Can you tell me please? We all want to understand and know.&quot;
Then came a startling surprise.

Instead of growling a warning or making a stance to defend
she backed away, shaking her head. But she also blasted him so hard with a
telepathic message, &quot;Stay back Darious&quot; that it made his head rock
back and throb madly. Raven, watching the whole thing intently, got it as well,
so powerful and strong, like a stereo blasting at distortion levels, that it
gave her a nose bleed.

Never, for as long as he had known her, had Dani ever shown
any telepathic abilities beyond what most humans have, a small twinge that kept
them out of trouble and away from those who they have a bad feeling about. But
this was so loud and clear that he knew it had come from her. It was like she had
no control over it and it was unused before, so she didn't know the volume she
had projected at. But he heeded her warning and stayed back, brow furrowed,
watching her carefully.

She looked calmly at him for a minute or so, taking a
couple steps back then mouthed the words I love you before shutting her eyes,
standing there, swaying slightly. Then, suddenly, her body jerked straight and
her head flew back, eyes bulging and she let out a scream of pain that shivered
the walls and windows. A loud cracking followed by more howls of agony filled
the room then she dropped to her knees, hair falling down, obscuring her face.
Even without her standing everyone could see her bones stretching and shifting
around under her skin, elongating. Once that completed her hair started to wave
about like she was in a breeze then it grew longer and thicker, trailing down
her back and bushing out. The skin that was visible and not covered by her
clothes seemed to ripple slightly and then sprout a thick, patterned animal
hair, soft and light.

Everyone in the room stared at her, mouths hanging open,
astonished, not knowing what to think. The she-devils looked to each other,
bewildered. No one had ever seen anything like it nor had heard of it before.
Darious looked to them, brow furrowed before looking back at her and watching,
unable to move.

She panted heavily, eyes screwed tightly shut, it hurt like
a son of a bitch! Worse even than the first ever change she had. Then she let
out another howl of pure pain as her hands, clutching the carpet, fingers dug
into it, started to ripple as the bones seemed to reshape themselves, slowly
they shifted from human hands into cat-like paws with the same cloud pattern as
the fur coat she now had. Her tail started to thicken and grow longer, fur erupting
from it until it was bushy and thick, swishing madly back and forth. Then she
tilted her head up and howled again, the bones in her face seeming to shift
around as her normal cat ears sprouted and her eyes narrowed and changed color
but this time a short cat-like muzzle sprouted from the center of her face,
pushing outwards, whiskers emerging.

When it was all done, her head drooped back down and she
panted heavily, thinking the worse was over. But in a couple minutes and
excruciating pain ripped down her shoulder blades and she screamed in agony.

Darious stepped forward, thinking that the worse was over
but her scream halted him. All of them heard the shirt on her back rip loudly
then watched, fascinated as beautiful wings sprouted from her shoulders,
unfurling and twitching behind her, covered with the same cloud pattern as the
rest of her body. Zsuzanna and Raven looked at Darious, mouths agape. He looked
back at them, same expression on his face. Not believing what he was seeing he
gave a shrug there direction, as if asking is this normal? They both shook
their heads, eyes wide.

Dani stayed on her hands and knees, panting heavily, sweat
rolling off her, for several minutes, waiting to see if she was done or not.
When she was sure it was finally over and the pain dulled considerably she
stood up on shaking legs, like those of a colt getting those long spindly legs
under him for the first time, and rose to her full height. Normally, this
wasn't so impressive with her being only 5'3&quot; but this time, much to
everyone's astonishment; she kept going upwards until she was 7'0&quot; tall.
Darious' dress shirt, the white one she always wore as a night shirt, which
usually hung baggy on her body, clung to her frame tightly, revealing the hard,
well defined muscle structure underneath. It had ripped in some places,
revealing her fur covered body underneath. Looking around at all the astonished
faces from her new and odd vantage point, her brow furrowed. She then looked at
Darious, surprised to find for the first time she could look him straight in
the eye. &quot;What's wrong?&quot; She asked in a perplexed voice.

He looked in her eyes, mouth agape, not only was her body
different but her voice as well, it was a bit deeper but not too much but it
was huskier and the words came out sounding more like a purr than a human voice
but her speech was easily recognized. He shook his head and said, &quot;I don't
know honey, you tell me!&quot; Looking her up and down he gazed back into her
eyes. &quot;What happened? Do you know?&quot;

Shaking her now full mane of hair, like that of a male lion
only the clouded pattern. &quot;I don't know Darious. I know it felt like my
first shift but it was more painful than I remember. It also felt a bit
different. I don't know any other way to describe it.&quot;

Darious stepped closer to her and ran his fingers through
all the hair on her head, feeling it. It was no longer like human hair but like
the fine, silky hair on a cat, thick and soft. He could see the worried look on
her face and smiled reassuringly at her, &quot;I don't know what happened but
it appears to me that you somehow grew up a bit, for lack of a better
term.&quot;

Glancing down, she saw her paw-like hands and her eyes grew
bigger. Then she quickly took inventory of the changes she could see and looked
at him, eyes wild and big, &quot;What is all this?&quot; She then looked to
Raven and Zsuzanna. &quot;What happened to me? And has this happened
before?&quot;

Zsuzanna shook her head, eyes so big they were almost
falling out of her head, &quot;You got me what it is!&quot;

Raven was a bit calmer but still astonished, &quot;I have
never heard of anything like it before!&quot;

Darious reached out and stroked up and down her soft, now
furry stomach and felt the silken hair brush against his finger tips then
smiled at her, &quot;You are beautiful Danyealle, absolutely beautiful!&quot; He
then reached back and took one of her wings in his hand and felt it. The
feathers, for lack of a better word to call them, were not stiff like birds but
more pliable and made out of what seemed to be fur. &quot;Looks like I am going
to have to give you flying lessons, doesn't it?&quot;

Looking over her shoulder, the wings unfurled to their full
15 foot span and quivered, her mouth hanging open. &quot;Where did those come
from?&quot;

Darious stepped closer to her and touched her face softly,
feeling the fine hairs tickle his palm, and smiled, &quot;I don't know Dani and
it doesn't matter really. We will eventually figure it out and work with it.
All that matters to me is you are here still and better.&quot; His eyes started
to shimmer again with tears of happiness this time, then he said, softly,
&quot;I love you Danyealle, I really do.&quot;

Her head jerked around and her mouth hang open, staring at
him, &quot;What did you just say Darious? I can't have heard it right because I
KNOW you can't say that!&quot;

Smiling bigger he said, &quot;I said I love you. And I mean
it. I know that know Danyealle. And yes, I can say it.&quot;

Her eyes misted over and she smiled back at him. &quot;I
love you too Darious.&quot;

Chapter 36

&#65279; 

Wrapping his arms around her, he held her tightly to his
chest. He could feel, by rubbing his hands up and down her back how much bigger
and more muscular she was now. He was used to the thin, petite form. This was
very new and strange. Pulling away slightly, he looked down at her, &quot;How
are you feeling now? Any pain at all?&quot;

Shaking her mane of hair, she looked up at him, &quot;It's
all gone, all of it. The pain, the confusion, all the weird feelings, they are
all gone. I feel like myself again.&quot;

Remembering the momentary blast of telepathy, he asked her
telepathically, &quot;Can you hear this toy?&quot;

&quot;I can hear it fine Darious.&quot; She said back the
same way.

But again it was so loud it made his head throb. Chuckling
a bit, he smiled at her, &quot;We are going to have to work on your volume
control it appears.&quot;

&quot;Yes, please!&quot; Said Raven, who got another bloody
nose from the power of it.

Grinning sheepishly, Dani said, &quot;Sorry Raven.&quot;
Then she looked back up at Darious, smiling.

He grinned back at her, not knowing what else to say. Since
his denunciation it was as if he was filled with all kinds of emotions pulling
him in a thousand different directions. He couldn't adequately sort them out to
get across to her what he was feeling. But ever so softly, like a quiet
whisper, he heard her voice in his head saying, &quot;I understand it all
Darious, you don't need to explain it to me.&quot; Feeling his mouth go dry and
his eyes moisten ever so slightly, he nodded to her, unable to speak around the
lump in his throat. &quot;I thought you might but I wanted to tell you for the
first time.&quot; He said back to her the same way.

Smiling at him, she shook her head, &quot;You still can
Darious, but when we are alone. How does that sound?&quot;

It was then that he knew for a fact that his Danyealle was
back with him, wholly and completely. Only she seemed to always know what to
say to make him understand things or to protect his reputation and ego. She was
the only being in the universe that cared about him enough to do that.
&quot;Thank you.&quot; He whispered softly to her out loud.

Shaking her head, she smiled, &quot;There is no need to
thank me, you know that Darious.&quot;

Winking at her, he grinned a bit, &quot;I know but...&quot;
he said with a shrug, not finishing the sentence. Something was starting to
invade his consciousness, a small voice that he recognized as hers but it
wasn't like she was talking to him. It was more like he was hearing her
thoughts. Stepping a bit closer to her he put his hand on her cheek and looked
deep into her eyes, concentrating. Doing that it became much clearer and he
could understand it. It was something he had never heard before, her
'instinct'. The best he could figure out was that what was originally the
she-devil beast was Danyealles animal instinct; it had now, since her change,
become internal like most animals, not an external show of it. And it was
speaking to her. She must not be used to it yet because of the power she always
had she could close things like this off to him and everyone else. She was so
old and powerful that no one on earth or in heaven or hell could penetrate it.
But, for the first time, he could hear it, like a soft flowing whisper that invaded
his mind. Over and over it was saying the same thing, 'got to switch and run,
got to burn off the excess'. Looking deep into her eyes, he smiled, 'Do it
honey, do what it says.&quot;

Her eyes widened momentarily as she looked at him, not
understanding. Then a grin started to show, &quot;I think I'm going to have to
work a bit more on controlling some things.&quot; Giving him a soft peck on the
lips she stood back and followed her instinct, shifting to her feline form.

&quot;Jesus Fucking Christ!&quot; Said Mortichi, from where
he was standing. &quot;She is just plain fucking huge!&quot;

Everyone's mouths were hanging open. Danis' normal feline
form was a smallish cat, about her normal weight but now it was no longer
small, it was HUGE! Bigger than most tigers and probably weighing a couple
hundred pounds more, she came up past Darious' hips when she stood on all fours
and her head was just plain massive. She was still a clouded leopard but had
probably grown to more than 5 times her normal size. The most striking thing,
however, was not her size but her teeth. Clouded leopards were known as the
modern saber toothed cats because of the extra long canines they had but Dani
could now lay total claim to that title because she had true saber teeth just
like the ancient predators, a foot long and protruding down from her upper jaw
out side of her mouth. Meowing loudly, actually sounding more like a lions roar
than a cats meow, she arched up and brushed against Darious' legs, not knowing
the strength she now possessed, almost knocking him over. Nuzzling her head
against his stomach she then sauntered towards the front door and sat there
looking over her shoulder at those standing and gapping at her. Meowing, her
tail swishing back and forth, she looked at Darious.

He still hadn't fully recovered from the shock of... and
this was adding to it! He could hear her telepathically telling him she wanted
to go run in the yard so he walked over and opened the front door, petting her
head, &quot;Go ahead and run Honey, we'll come out too.&quot;

Meowing loudly, she took off out the front door and started
to dash around the yard, running back and forth, stretching her powerful legs.
Darious seated himself on the top step of the porch, watching her. Slowly,
everyone else in the house came out to join him, sitting on the porch to watch
her.

Julia stood behind him and put her hand on his shoulder,
watching her dash around, seemingly enjoying herself, leaping over things in
her path. &quot;It appears that I may have made her suffer more that she should
have by giving her those drugs.&quot;

Darious reached up and put a hand on hers and patted it,
&quot;It appears so, but we all did what we thought was best for her. I'm sure
she understands that and isn't going to hold a grudge.&quot;

&quot;No, I don't think she will. But I feel quite horrid
that I caused her so much pain when I should have left things alone and let
them run their course.&quot;

Seating herself by Darious, Zsuzanna stretched out her
long, thin legs and leaned back, propping herself up on her hands. &quot;How
could you imagine that this was going to happen? We all thought that you were
doing the best thing possible for her.&quot;

Raven sat down on his other side then Marcus, Arkady and
Mortichi each perched on the porch railing, watching her chase things around
the yard, running back and forth and climbing all over things, generally
seeming to enjoy herself. Raven took Darious' hand. For the first time since
she had known him she no longer felt that evil zap that made her hair stand on
end. She smiled at him, &quot;What you did was the most impressive thing I have
ever had the pleasure to witness Darious. We all knew that you felt something
for her but had no idea of the depths of those feelings.&quot;

Grinning a bit sheepishly he looked at her, &quot;Well, now
you do know. And in all honesty I didn't plan that, it just kind of
happened.&quot;

Julia squeezed his shoulder, &quot;Sometimes the most
important and best things in our lives happen like that.&quot;

Dani dashed around the side of the house out of their view
for a few minutes. Then they all heard noises on top of the porch roof and
looked up just as she poked her head over the edge and looked down at him,
meowing. She leapt off and landed on the ground with a soft thud before
bounding up the steps and climbing onto Darious' lap, meowing happily, and tail
swishing. She nuzzled his face softly, purring.

Letting out a small oof as she planted herself in his lap,
he stroked down her back and rubbed her ears softly, smiling. &quot;You are a
bit big now to be a lap cat Dani.&quot;

Giving his nose a lick she hopped down onto the porch and
told him telepathically, &quot;I'm going to shift back and get some clothes on.
I'll be right back.&quot; She then dashed into the house and up the stairs.

Everyone assembled watched her go, smiling. Julia planted
herself on the railing and looked at Darious, &quot;When she is up to it, I
really need to get some blood samples and examine her so I can see if I can
figure out what went on.&quot;

Nodding, Darious said, &quot;I will tell her. Do you think
this is what happened to the others who reached this age?&quot; He asked,
looking over to Raven.

Stroking her chin, eyes fixed somewhere else with a far
away look in them, she said, &quot;I don't really know, but it does seem
possible. We know a bit more now then we used to about medical conditions and
have better terminology to describe things.&quot; Looking back at Darious, she
smiled, &quot;But I do believe that this is what has been troubling Dani for
the last several months.&quot;

They sat and discussed the possibilities for a few more
minutes then Darious heard a string of four letter words coming from Dani in
the house and got up, smiling, to see what was going on. That language was his
best indicator that indeed his Danyealle was truly back with them, her
faculties fully intact. Walking in, he met her as she was coming down the
stairs. Stopping cold, he stared at her, mouth hanging open. It wasn't only the
she-devil and the cat that had changed; her human appearance had altered as
well. Danyealles' body had been frozen in time at a stage between adulthood and
adolescence because she was 14 when Wynter had created her. In the era she was
from 14 year olds were considered adults even though their bodies were not done
growing and changing. After becoming a she-devil, Danyealles body never
finished 'growing up' and parts of her had not developed fully. Normally she didn't
have many curves other than her chest but standing before him was a Danyealle
with soft, sensual curves like any other woman. But that wasn't all that was
different. Stepping closer, he looked down at her, &quot;Is there something
wrong Dani?&quot;

Stomping her foot in frustration she said, &quot;Yes,
there's something wrong! None of my clothes are fitting right!&quot;

Looking down into her face he was transfixed by her eyes.
They were the same soft brown colored eyes they had always been but they were
different. They seemed to have narrowed slightly and become more cat-like, even
the pupils seemed to have become narrower and more slit like a cat's. Her hair
also seemed different. Reaching out he ran his fingers through it, it was still
the same golden honey blonde it had always been but there seemed to be more of
it and it now felt like cat fur rather than hair, soft, silken and fine, almost
like a strand of pure silk. The next thing he noticed was her teeth. The
canines were now more elongated like fangs, like his were, not like human
teeth. She was wearing one of his dress shirts but it was gaped open, showing
her pink lacy bra. Without even having to touch them, he could tell that her
breasts were fuller than they used to be, more rounded and womanly. He ran the
tips of his fingers down her stomach, it had always been slightly concave but
now it was flat and highly toned, as if she worked out a lot. Her hips were
also a lot more rounded than they were before, giving her womanly curves she'd
never had. Stepping around behind her he could see that her ass was no longer
flat as it always had been but now had a soft roundness to it too. When he
stepped back in front of her he looked back into her face. Taking a deep breath
he smelled the scent that was coming off her, like a hint of some highly erotic
perfume. He knew that smell, even if it was muted, it was the smell of her
scent and rather than just use it when she needed to it seemed that it now
permeated her and was going to always be there in muted form. Gazing back into
her face he noticed that although her features really hadn't changed much, she
was now more cat-like and was no longer going to be able to pass as human.

She arched an eyebrow at him, &quot;What are you doing
Darious?&quot;

He put and arm around her waist and pulled her close,
kissing her on the top of the head then looking down into those now cat-like
eyes, smiling, &quot;Baby, it seems you and I are going to have to go do some
shopping and get you some better fitting clothes.&quot;

Fixing him with a stare, she said, &quot;Why is that? Did
someone shrink all my stuff so they don't fit anymore?&quot;

Chuckling a bit he said, &quot;No, they didn't shrink. It
seems that when I said earlier that it appears you have grown up I was right.
You did grow up, or finish developing as the case is with you. After almost
1000 years you now have the body of a full grown woman.&quot; Running his
fingers through her hair, he smiled at her, &quot;Also, you are never again
going to be able to pass as a human. It's going to be obvious to everyone that
you are a cat. &quot; Staring down into those mesmerizing cat-like eyes he said
softly, &quot;One of the most beautiful, sexy and erotic women I have ever seen
in my existence.&quot; Bending down, he kissed her softly, one arm wrapping
around her waist and pulling her close to him. Her scent filled his nose and
rushed straight to his brain, making him instantly turned on.

He broke off the kiss, panting, looking down at her,
&quot;I had better get a grip on things because we have company. But later on I
will finish, OK toy?&quot;

Grinning up at him, she winked, &quot;Oh you bet you will
Darious!&quot; She then pulled away and buttoned her shirt up.

Taking her hand, he led her outside onto the porch where
everyone was still discussing the events of the day. Raven looked up at them
then did a double take, looking at Dani, mouth hanging open. Seeing the look on
Ravens face, everyone else turned to look, a stunned expression evident when
they saw her. All of them there, except Darious and Marcus had known her for
hundreds of years and were accustomed to what she had always looked like, so
this change in appearance was more shocking to them than it was Darious.

&quot;Damn woman, you are one sexy broad!&quot; Mortichi
said, unable to tear his eyes off of her.

Having known Mortichi for a couple centuries, she knew this
was his ultimate in flattery and took it as such, grinning at him, saying,
&quot;Thanks you old pirate.&quot;

Stepping closer, Zsuzanna looked her up and down carefully
before stepping back and shaking her head, &quot;IF and that is a big if, this
is what is going to happen to all of us, once we go through what you just did
there is no way we are ever going to be able to blend in with humans again.
It's going to be obvious what we are. That might present a few problems.&quot;

Sighing, Dani nodded, &quot;I know, if humans can tell what
we are now we will get no peace.&quot;

Marcus sat away from everyone, quiet, staring at her, mouth
agape. He was still leery of her after having been attacked a few times. Dani
looked at him, smiling. &quot;What's wrong Marcus?&quot;

Shaking his head, he grinned, &quot;Oh nothing, just
sitting here stunned like everyone else is I guess.&quot;

Giggling, she winked at him. A lot of the last few months
were a fog to her. She was unable to keep straight what had happened when and
most of the details were missing. She remembered Marcus was theirs but not the
circumstances of how he came to be there or how long he had been with them, let
alone any of the finer details.

Arkady stepped up to her and pulled her into a big hug,
holding her tightly, &quot;M'Lady, I cannot express how relieved I am that you are
healthy once again. I was most concerned about you.&quot;

Hugging him back, she kissed him on the cheek, &quot;Thanks
Arkady.&quot;

Darious put one arm around her shoulders and smiled. He was
still riding a wave of euphoria that hadn't dissipated in the least. Looking
over at Marcus and Arkady, he grinned, &quot;Would you two mind spending the
night in the village with the ladies so that Danyealle and I can have some time
alone?&quot;

Raven nodded, &quot;That would seem to be a good idea
Darious.&quot; She looked over at the two werewolves, &quot;You can stay with
us in the motel tonight. Let Darious and Dani have some quality time
alone.&quot;

Getting the hint, grinning big, both of them packed
overnight bags. After saying their goodbyes and Dani promising Julia and Raven
that she would submit to some tests over the next couple weeks, they all left,
leaving her and Darious finally alone... 

Chapter 39

&#65279;

After Marcus and Arkady had grabbed a change of clothes
they left with the ladies and Mortichi, leaving Dani and Darious alone for the
first time for months. Sitting in the living room they each had a drink,
looking at each other. For the first time in his whole existence both here on
earth and in hell Darious didn't know what to say. He was like a tongue tied
human teenager alone with the girl he had a mad crush on. She was still the
same person that had been with him so long, despite the physical changes she
had gone through, but he was different and with that he didn't know what to
say. There was so much he wanted to tell her, to explain for the first time but
he didn't know how to start or where to begin. Sitting in his chair he looked
at her. She was sitting cross-legged on the coffee table in front of him,
smiling. Taking a deep breath he said the first thing that came to mind,
&quot;I love you Danyealle.&quot; It was soft and without the normal commanding
force that his voice usually contained.

Giving him a soft smile that extended to her eyes, she said
back, &quot;I know Darious; I've known that for a very long time. I love you
too.&quot;

Leaning forward a bit, he took one of her small hands in
his and gave it a light squeeze, &quot;I know you knew but it feels great to
finally be able to say it to you. To give voice and truly, for the first time,
be able to tell you and know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it what it is and
to truly understand the depths of what that word encompasses.&quot; Setting his
drink down he took her other hand in his and looked deep into her eyes,
&quot;Danyealle, I love you and there is no depths I wouldn't go for you, there
is nothing I wouldn't do for you, nothing I wouldn't give up for you. I would
fight Lucifer himself if that is what is required to keep you in my life.
&quot;Looking down, he frowned slightly, a sigh of the turmoil of emotions,
none of which he was used to and most foreign to him, as he tried to sort
through them and grope for the right words to make her understand when he,
himself, did not. Sighing, unable to really sort them he looked back at her and
just let it flow and hoped she would understand him, &quot;When it looked like
I was going to lose you forever I realized that nothing means as much to me as
you do, nothing. Not who or what I am, not hell, not heaven, not wealth, not
power, nothing. There is nothing in this world or anywhere else that could come
close to you. Nothing. All the power I have in this world and in hell means
nothing to me anymore, only you do. Only you Danyealle. I can live without all
that other stuff but I can't and don't want to live without you.&quot; Smiling
a little, he said to her, softly, &quot;Of all the beings I've met over the
centuries you are the one that wanted nothing from me except that which costs
nothing, my love. You didn't want my power, money, connections, nothing but me.
The real me not what I pretended to be. You wanted Lord Darious Mooksoon, the
demon. More than that; never since the time we first met were you ever scared
of me; Never! Who and what I am never frightened you. Knowing exactly what I
am, you still fell in love with me. Knowing what I am, you still held me,
cuddled on me, loved me, never once did it bother you. Never once did any of
that give you pause. Your love for me was unconditional. Nothing could ever
change that. You've protected me, loved me, cared for my feelings and even
helped to keep up my image when I let it slip. No one else would do that for
me, only you.&quot; Sliding out of his chair, keeping a hold of her hands, he
knelt down in front of her and looked her in the eyes. &quot;Danyealle, I am
yours until the end of time. For all eternity I am yours. I denounced hell for
you. I gave you everything I own. I even gave you myself. All because I could
not bear to live without you. It's all yours Danyealle, all of it.&quot; She
opened her mouth to say something but he put a finger on her lips to shush her
so he could continue. &quot;None of it means anything to me anymore. All that
matters is you are still here with me. All that matters is that I still have
you in my life. That is the only thing that matters to me anymore and nothing
else. I am your slave Danyealle, totally and completely, bound not by chains or
force but by the silken bonds of your love. That is stronger than any chains
anywhere. Wholly and completely I am bound to you forever. I don't know what
power gave me that option but I am glad it did. Without it I could not feel
what I am and would never be able to tell you. But I can, I can tell you. I
love you Danyealle, with all my heart and soul. With every ounce of my being I
love you.&quot; He could feel his eyes burn and they filled with tears.

Sliding her hands out of his she cupped his cheeks and smiled
at him, &quot;I've always known you loved me Darious, every time I fed from you
I could feel it. I don't want anything from you other than that. Power and
money, none of those matter to me as you well know. From this point forward I
guess we hold each others strings. I have been wholly yours for a long time now
and always will be. So I guess it is mutual from this point forward. As for
your possessions, they don't matter either, all that matters is that I am with
you.&quot; Leaning forward, she kissed him tenderly, sliding her hand into his
hair and cupping the back of his head, holding him to her.

Wrapping his arms around her, he held her close, devouring
her mouth with his. He knew she understood what he had told her, he also knew
that because of what she was and had drank of his blood; she probably knew
better than he what he felt for her. But he wanted to show her, almost as if he
had to prove it to her. But he didn't know how. However, there was one thing he
did better than any being on the planet, give pleasure, and that was what he
intended to give her, pure unadulterated pleasure by making love to her, slow
and tender, not something he normally did but it was something he was very
capable of when he so desired. At this moment, that is what he was going to do,
and in the act of ultimate pleasure and closeness, through his actions he was
going to show her the only way he knew how what he felt for her. Ever so
gently, he picked her up and cradled her in his arms, like the groom carrying
the bride over the threshold, and carried her up to their bedroom, kissing her
and stroking her the whole way.

Sitting her on the edge of the bed, he knelt down before
her and slowly removed the clothes she was wearing, touching, caressing and
stroking her as he did, hearing her breath quicken and seeing her skin start to
flush. When she was nude he stood and took a step back then started to disrobe.
When he was done he looked into her eyes and slowly shifted to full demon, his
eyes never leaving hers whilst he did. Even without the palpable presence of
evil that had always surrounded him like a cloak this form was still as
impressive as always, both his cocks standing straight out in front of him like
daggers.

She looked up at him, licking her lips, eyes half shut,
body already quivering in anticipation. Stepping back to her, Darious knelt
down between her legs and ran his hands ever so gently up her inner thighs,
feeling the flesh prickle under his touch and hearing her soft gasp. Leaning
forward a little he kissed her as softly and tenderly as he knew how, being
mindful of his fangs, his hands softly caressing her inner thighs. Slowly, he
kissed his way down her neck, softly dragging his lips and fangs over her
sensitive flesh, hearing her moan softly and feeling her hands clutching
tighter onto his shoulders. He kissed his way down her chest, between her
breasts then over her stomach until his face was between her parted thighs. Her
body was covered with a soft glaze of sweat and she was panting heavily, her
skin flushed pink. Looking up at her from between her legs he smiled, his fangs
glinting, &quot;I may not know how to show with words what I feel for you
Danyealle, but there is one thing I can do better than any other being and I
intend to do it. But not as the form that everyone thinks I am, in my true
form, the demon.&quot;

Leaning back on her elbows, she drew her legs up and put
her feet on the footboard, letting her legs fall wide apart, he looked down at
her, chest heaving, licking her lips, eyes locked on him.

Smiling up at her, he then winked and ever so gently nipped
the inside of her right thing. Then he kissed the small red spot he had left
before dragging his tongue upwards until he reached her crotch. Shifting
around, he propped her thighs on his shoulders and buried his face in her
pussy, licking all over the outside of it, teasing the little bud of her clit
with the fork at the end of his tongue. This was the first indication to him
that here, as well, aged too and had changed slightly. He didn't do this much
for her but when he did he didn't get nearly the intense reaction he was
getting now, sure it felt good and she wiggled and squirmed around but now she
had an almost death grip on his head and was arched up off the bed, quivering
madly, grinding her crotch on his face, moaning loudly. Add to that the fact
that now she tasted differently. Always before she had tasted like any normal
human, sure they all tasted slightly differently but it was all basically the
same, now, however, she didn't taste like that, it was different, like a sweet
taste that also was highly arousing. The smell was different too; it was a more
enhanced version of the scent he smelled on her earlier. It filled his
nostrils, making them flair wide open and seemed to score a direct hit in the
pleasure centers of the brain, making both of his members throb madly and
twitch involuntarily. Reaching up he parted her lips with two fingers and let
his prehensile tongue snake inside, wiggling it around until he felt the small
bump that was her g-spot. Then, he slowly started to rub his tongue over it,
back and forth, while one of his fingers started to rub in small circles around
her clit.

Her nails dug into his scalp and she moaned his name,
loudly, over and over, grinding her pussy onto his face, her whole body quivering
as if a live electrical current was running through it. Eyes tightly shut; she
bucked and wiggled all over, unable to stop. Yes, she had this done to her
before but NEVER had it felt so good! It was like a rush of pure pleasure
throughout her body that she never wanted to stop. Never before had the
feelings been so EXQUISITE, for lack of a better word. Darious, the master that
he was at all things sexual, had always given her the utmost in pleasure in all
its forms but nothing he had done in the past compared to this. Her whole body
was consumed in a conflagration of the most intense feelings she had ever
experienced. Normally she had a good deal of self control over her release and
when it would happen, not as good as Darious' but better than most other
beings, but this time it was gone. Wave after wave of pure pleasure rushed over
her and as it built towards the inevitable she was powerless to stop it.

Feeling her silken inner walls start to contract around his
tongue he moved it more deliberately, rubbing the spot he knew was the way to
send her over the edge. And it did, in a matter of seconds, her sharp nails
digging into his scalp and her legs locked around his head, body quivering
madly. But rather than the single powerful orgasm she normally had, she went
into what he was sure was the first multiple orgasm of her entire long life,
that seemed to keep going and going for 5 minutes, before she collapsed into a
sweating and panting heap on the bed, eyes shut, body still shivering.

The juices that flowed into his mouth from her were like
nothing he had ever tasted before, thick like a drop of honey, they were sweet,
yes, but there was more to it than that. It was as if, for the first time, he
was tasting her soul, strong, sweet yet an edge to it and a power that even
affected his libido, like the worlds most powerful aphrodisiac, making both his
members throb madly, a string of pre-cum dripping out both heads. While she lay
sprawled on her back he moved up and knelt between her legs, bending over her
body, resting his weight on his hands, wings unfurled over them, quivering
slightly.

When she opened her eyes she looked straight up into the
blood red demonic eyes of the being she loved more than life itself and smiled.
Purring so loud the bed vibrated slightly she wrapped her arms around his
massive torso the best she could and leaned up, kissing him softly yet
passionately. He let one hand wander up and rest on the back of her head,
pulling her into a deeper kiss, letting his long, agile tongue part her lips
and slide into her mouth, wrapping around hers and hold it. Gently, ever so
gently, he pushed her flat on her back and pulled the hand from behind her head
and let it run softly down her body before it slid between her legs. Shifting
around slightly, he positioned both his cocks against her two holes then slowly
and gently, slid them in, feeling her tight walls close around them like a
soft, velvet glove. Again, this was different than normal. When she had been
created she was still an intact virgin so for the rest of her existence, or so
they both thought, her hymen was intact and she was always tight. But both were
now gone. Sure, she was still tight, but not the ultra tight she normally was,
there was more give and stretching than there usually was and her hymen was
gone. Never again would she hurt at the initial intrusion.

Once he was all the way inside her he started to slowly
move in and out in a long, slow, easy thrusting, making sure to give her all
the pleasure he could. Making love to someone was not his specialty;
animalistic fucking was more what he was used to. And after over many centuries
of it he was a master of it. Making love, however, was so much harder and more
work. This time was even more than normal; he wanted to give her as much
pleasure as he could while trying to show her how much and how deeply he cared
for her. It wasn't long before he was dripping with sweat and panting heavily,
chest heaving. Both his cocks and balls were throbbing madly, screaming for
release, but he used every ounce of self control he had, and it took every bit
of it, to hold onto it. Underneath him she was squirming around, nails digging
into his shoulders, yelling and moaning his name as orgasm after orgasm seized
her body, making it quake madly.

Finally, she bucked up onto him so hard she almost threw
him off and yelled so loud the whole house seemed to vibrate with it then had
the single most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced. Almost
instantaneously she shifted to full she-devil, howling like a lion, clutching
him tightly, her pussy and ass spasming around his cocks and gripping them like
a vice.

Giving one last thrust he let himself release, howling and
shaking and the sheer power of it. If he had been in human form he would have
lost all control and shifted, it was that powerful. As it was he shook
violently, growling and snarling, body as taut as piano wire. He could feel his
whole body throb and the pulse in his temples pound a sharp tattoo. His vision
clouded and he felt light headed but it was the most wonderful feeling in the
whole world, he had never before experienced anything like it. Because for the
first time he had not only the physical animalistic act but it was compounded
with so much emotion it was like a nuclear explosion had been set off in him,
sending wave after wave of feelings through out his whole body.

Afterwards, he held her to his chest, stroking her back,
not wanting to let go of her. Kissing the top of her head he murmured, &quot;I
love you Danyealle.&quot;

Snuggling up as close to him as she could she smiled and
ran her fingers up and down his chest, &quot;I love you too Darious.&quot; She
shifted around a bit, brushing back against his wings then winced. &quot;Damn!
What poked me?&quot; She said, turning slightly to look at his relaxed wings.
Gasping, she grabbed the edge of it and looked, mouth hanging open.
&quot;Darious? Since when do you have feathers on your wings?&quot;

Frowning, he propped himself up on one elbow and looked
over at them, sure she was mistaken. But she wasn't. Covering the insides of
his leathery bat-like wings were small black feathers. They were about the size
of chicken pin feathers but sure enough they were feathers. &quot;Umm, never
that I have known of! Where in the hell did those come from?&quot;

Shrugging, she wiggled around a bit to get more comfortable
and draped her arm over his chest, resting her head on his shoulder.
&quot;Let's worry about it later.&quot; She said, yawning.

He held her close while she dozed off but his mind was
skipping everywhere, mystified.

Chapter 40

&#65279;

For the first time in as long as he could remember since
they had been together, when he woke up she was already awake. As a matter of
fact she had already gotten dressed and he found her in the kitchen staring at
a pan, a look of bewilderment on her face. Grinning, he stepped up behind her
and wrapped his arms around her middle, kissing her softly on the neck.
Giggling a bit, she leaned back against his chest and purred softly. Holding
her loosely around the waist he nuzzled his face into her hair, &quot;What are
you doing toy?&quot;

Glaring at the pan she was holding she said, voice a low
snarl, &quot;I am TRYING to figure out how to cook something!&quot;

Jerking his head up, he arched an eyebrow. Turning her
around, he wrapped his arms around her waist and looked down at her, one
eyebrow arched, &quot;Why? You don't eat?&quot;

Chucking the pan over her shoulder, it landed with a
resounding clang on the counter top, she wrapped her arms around him and rested
her head against the front of his shoulder, &quot;Because, I'm hungry.&quot;

OK, he thought, this was getting weirder and weirder.
&quot;Hungry as in needing to feed? Or hungry as in wanting human food?&quot;

&quot;Hungry as in wanting human food.&quot; She grinned at
his bewildered look then stuck her tongue out at him, &quot;I know it's weird
Darious but I'm hungry.&quot;

Hugging her close, he kissed her on the top of her head.
Yes, it was weird but in the last few days so much had changed that this seemed
to be less weird, for lack of a better term, than everything else that had
happened. &quot;Alright toy; if you're hungry I'll make you something to
eat.&quot; Pulling away from her he rounded up the fixings to make a good
breakfast. After putting some sausages in a pan to cook he looked at her,
&quot;Chef Darious is on the job.&quot; He said with a grin. &quot;What would
my toy like for breakfast?&quot;

Settling herself on a stool at the breakfast bar, she
rested her chin in her hands and looked at him, grinning, &quot;Let's start out
with some sausage, eggs, hash browns, biscuits and gravy. Then we'll go from
there depending on how hungry I still am.&quot;

Stopping cold, he looked at her, both eyebrows arched, but
he didn't say anything. If she was that hungry there had to be a reason for it
so without another comment he got on to fixing breakfast.

After serving it up he sat down with her to eat but more
than eating he sat and watched her hungrily shoveling food into her mouth.
Quickly, she went through everything he had cooked then sat and helped herself
to his. After all the recent changes this was something that he was more able
to deal with so he said nothing, joking around with her while they ate.

After breakfast she shifted to animal form and went outside
for a run, seemingly wanting to burn off some of what she had just eaten. He
sat on the porch and watched her dash around, playing with things. Soon, she
dashed around the side of the house and disappeared from sight. This wasn't a
big concern for him; he assumed she would show up again shortly.

Oh that she did, just not how he expected. He was leaning
back in his chair when he heard what he assumed was one of the big birds flying
over. Thinking nothing of it, he stretched out his long legs and put his hands
behind his head, thinking. While he mulled over the events of the last couple
days Dani landed on the railing of the porch, in full she-devil form but with
her new wings stretched wide, grinning from ear to ear. Giggling a bit, she
winked at him, &quot;Flying is fun!&quot;

Chuckling, he shook his head, she had startled him with the
abrupt landing she had made. &quot;Figured out how to fly have you toy?&quot;

Flapping her beautiful wings she hovered a few inches off
the railing she had perched herself on. &quot;How did you ever guess
Mookie?&quot; Grinning a bit, she stuck her tongue out at him.

Chuckling again, he shook his head, &quot;I was wondering
when you would figure it out for yourself or if I was going to have to teach
you.&quot;

Lifting off the porch, she swooped up and did a couple of
rolls in mid-air before landing again and shifting back to human. &quot;Oh, I
figured it out myself pretty easily.&quot; Planting herself on his lap, she
snuggled up to his chest, purring contentedly. He wrapped his arms around her,
holding her closely to him, stroking up and down her back softly.

A couple hours later Marcus and Arkady returned and things
settled down to a more normal pattern but with Dani back to being herself it
was disrupted with her exuberance. Thinking back, Darious really couldn't
remember her having this kind of energy before. Not that he was objecting to
it, no, it was just curious is all.

Over the next few weeks' life settled back into its normal
pattern for all of them. As she promised Dani submitted to a large battery of
tests by Julia, trying to figure out if the change she had gone through was
natural or caused by something else, the assumption being Darious' blood. No
one assumed this was a natural life progression for a she-devil, but within a
couple weeks the answer that came back to them was surprising. Julie had taken
quite a few samples of Darious' blood for comparison, but far from finding her
DNA changed or genes of a demon added, nothing in Dani showed any sign of
demonic. All of her was still very much as it had been before, pure she-devil.
Thinking she had to have missed something Julia drew more samples and ran the
tests again including a few more exotic ones but the results were the same. It
appeared that what Dani had gone through, what they were all now referring to
as an evolution of some kind, was normal, nothing had caused it but apparently
her age. Since no she-devil had ever attained Danis' advanced age they had
nothing to compare it to but Julia was certain of her findings and told every
one so. Even though Dani had suffered a great deal through mistakes made in the
name of easing her pain, mistakes she bluntly told Julia there was nothing to
fret about since then were done to help her, it was something Julia learned
from. Whoever was next, the assumption being Zsuzanna would have the benefit of
these experiences to help them through it.

Over the next month a few more things manifested themselves
as changed but nothing as earth shattering as the first. But, almost a month to
the day after her big change, Darious awoke to Dani astride his waist, looking
down at him with the look of a very horny woman. The air seemed to be thick
with that sensual musk he knew as her scent, but it was different, so thick
that it not only slightly clouded his mind with the want and desire it
inspired, Marcus and Arkady were both standing in the doorway, looking at her
lustily. Shaking off the almost drug-like effect it was having on him Darious
held her close, trying to think as she nibbled her way down his chest, growling
softly. It reminded him of something that he couldn't place. It wasn't until
she was staring into his face, begging him to fuck her that he realized what it
was, Dani had not only grown up in outer ways, the physical changes, other
things had grown too it appeared because the smell became recognizable to him;
Dani was in heat like any other female. Sitting up and clutching her to him,
letting her tempt and fondle him he looked over at the two werewolves standing
in the doorway, grinning. Both had the shell shocked look of a man who was
fully aroused and ready for sex but was unable to complete the act for some
reason or other. Clearing his throat to get their attention, he looked at them
sternly, making sure his presence over whelmed the lust, &quot;You two go to
the village and stay with the ladies until tomorrow. Also, send Julia up here
ASAP.&quot;

It was Arkady that it got through to first, grabbing
Marcus' shoulder he stepped back, &quot;Yes Sire, I will send her when we get
there.&quot; After grabbing an overnight bag each they headed toward the
village.

All the while Dani was all over him, doing what she knew
turned him on the most, trying to get him to fuck her. But for the first time
in his existence he was turning down a lustful woman, the one he loved. As hard
as that was there was a thought that kept running through his mind that he
focused on so as not to give in, a very scary one at that. The off spring that
he and Dani would produce if she got pregnant could be disastrous for every
race on the planet. Despite what most so-called experts on demons and their
like said, it was very hard to impregnate a human female. Even if it was done,
because most humans had only one child at a time the odds were very high that it
would be a mixed breed child, dangerous yes but not overly so. Dani, on the
other hand, was very much like a cat, if she got pregnant the result would
probably be more than one, like litters of kittens, and the odds grew very much
in favor of producing one truly and wholly demonic child. A demon born on earth
and not in hell could be disastrous and have more power to upset the balance
between heaven and hell than any demon, including Lucifer himself. It would be
more powerful than any demon created in hell and very little could be done to
stop it. Not a nice thought. Waiting on Julia he played with her, masturbating
her and the like but completely avoiding intercourse with a very frustrated
Dani.

When Julia arrived the reason Darious held her in so high
esteem was boosted. She got the story from Arkady and Marcus of what was going
on and took a few very educated guesses as to what it was, then on her way to
the house stopped at one of the vets in town. Grinning, as Dani crawled all
over Darious, she held up a large syringe, grinning. &quot;This is what vets
use to knock cats out of estrus. Although I had to guess at the dose it should
do the trick.&quot;

Giving her an admiring nod he grinned. Then he held Dani
tightly to him as Julia first drew a blood sample then gave her the drug.
Within an hour she was out of heat and curled up, sleeping soundly. While she
slept he and Julia retired to downstairs to talk things over. Relaxing in his
chair in the living room he looked at the attractive doctor, &quot;Do you think
this will be a routine thing now?&quot;

Shrugging, Julia looked at him, &quot;Who knows? But I
think we need to go with that assumption.&quot; Giving him a firm look she said
quietly, &quot;No offence Darious, but you CAN'T get her pregnant. What that
could produce would be a nightmare for all of us.&quot;

Nodding, he replied, &quot;I know, believe me. A demon
child born on earth would be bad enough. But a demonic child with whatever it
was that allowed me to denounce hell and love could be this world's worst
nightmare. There is no need to tell me that.&quot; Looking calmly over at her
he asked, &quot;Is there a way to produce some kind of birth control for
her?&quot;

Shrugging her think shoulders, Julia shook her head,
&quot;I don't know but I think I had better try.&quot;

Once the meds has knocked her out of heat Dani was much
calmer and back to her normal self with no signs of ill effect. The next day,
though, brought its own surprises. Darious woke the next morning to her cussing
a blue streak in the bathroom more intensely than usual. Walking in after
steeling himself for what ever surprise lay in store he looked at her. Sitting
on the toilet she was holding a wad of toilet paper covered in blood. Not only
that, there were long streaks of it running down her legs. From the doorway he
could smell it and it was easy to guess, for the first time in close to 1000
years Dani had gotten her menstrual cycle. Grinning, he looked at her,
&quot;You do know what it all is don't you?&quot;

Rolling her eyes she replied in a huff, &quot;I am not
fucking dumb; I know I got a period. That isn't the problem!&quot; Glaring at
him, she said, tone short and clipped, &quot;The problem IS it's been so
fucking long that I'm not sure how to deal with it. Things have changed a lot
since I was 14 you know!&quot;

That he hadn't thought of. Although the ads for feminine
needs were all over the TV Dani hadn't paid much attention to them, not needing
their services and what she used to do back when she was human was not what was
done now. Quickly though, he rose to the occasion, sending Marcus into town to
get what was needed then leaving Dani to it.

Although he had joked many times about her PMSing the real
thing was not a joking matter. Growly and not feeling good she was generally
out of shorts for the two days her period lasted. But as quickly as it had
come, it left when the flow stopped leaving her back to her normal self. But
while this was going on Darious kept pondering the thought of pregnancy and
hoping that Julia could come up with something or he would at least get warning
if her heat was coming again. The thought of a demonic child by them still gave
him the shakes and he didn't want any mistakes made.

Unlike human women that had a cycle every month Danis'
seemed to come every 6 months for which Darious was grateful. But that also
seemed to be the last of the surprises in store for them, other than dealing
with the Dani's changes. The worst for Dani was the change in her body. Their
first trip to the mall was a nightmare. Darious had anticipated the men's'
reactions and was right about it, several were so drawn to her that they
followed them everywhere until Darious literally had to threaten them. But it
was this trip that taught them it wasn't only men that were affected, but some
women as well. While they were buying her new lingerie the sales clerk couldn't
keep her eyes off Dani and made several subtle passes at her. Although Dani
wasn't really bisexual, from time to time she did sleep with women, for a
'different flavor' as she called it. But this over the top way people were
going about it, like male dogs attracted to the scent of a female, un-nerved
her completely. After that episode that Dani became almost a hermit in their
house, refusing to go shopping or to go out around large groups of humans.
Really Darious couldn't blame her, it was bad and it was something she would
have to become used to in stages.

For all of the problems though Darious was just grateful to
have her back to normal, not realizing just how much he had missed her antics
until she no longer did them. Add to that being able to truly feel for her made
him mellow; it was almost as if Darious had gone through his own evolution
while she went through hers. Looking back from this vantage point he was almost
ashamed of the way he had treated her in the previously even though he knew
that was his nature. But, the upside of everything was never again would he
have to deal with his own kind. Because of his denunciation they couldn't come
around him without feeling intense pain, a giant plus for him. Those odd black
feathers on the insides of his wings remained but they were the only physical
change in him. No, he couldn't figure out why they were there but it no longer
bothered him, assuming it had just come from the denunciation as well. Harder
though was dealing with all the emotions he now had. Humans were born with them
and learned early on to deal with them but he got them all at once and found
them confusing and somewhat frightening. For a while he was a bit grouchy and
irritable until he learned to take it one step at a time and found ways to deal
with his feelings, just like every other being did. In this area Dani was most
helpful. Always calm and patient she let him talk things through, sorting them
out and giving him a nudge in the right direction. It wasn't until this point
that he realized just how much patience she had with him. With most beings she
was quite blunt, getting her point across quickly then ending the discussion,
but with him her patience was endless, always calm and understanding, like a
mother is with their child. How she was able to do it was beyond him but he
wasn't complaining! For the first time he could really see the depth of the
feelings he had for her and rather than make him uncomfortable it filled him
with great joy. His toy was the one thing in his whole long existence that made
him truly happy. Somehow he had found her and she had found him and now she was
with him for all time. He had taken this for granted for a long time but no
more, the day he sat down and though about how long the odds were at finding
someone who could deal with him he realized there had to be more to it than
just luck. Something, some being somewhere had to have been involved. What, he
didn't know and it didn't really matter to him, he just went along with it.
Maybe it would reveal its self and maybe it wouldn't, that really didn't matter
to him as long as they were together, that is the only thing that mattered.

Chapter 41

&#65279; 

Marcus was in the kitchen mopping the floor when Arkady
appeared in the doorway holding the phone. &quot;Just a minute if you will Lady
Zsuzanna.&quot; He covered the receiver and looked at Marcus. &quot;I need you
to do me a favor if you will please Marcus.&quot; Marcus put the mop back in
the bucket. &quot;Sure, what do you need?&quot; &quot;Thank you Marcus, I do
appreciate it greatly. Take a couple bottles of water to Lord Darious. He and
Lady Danyealla are down in the dungeon. Also, send him my deepest apologizes
for not doing it myself. Tell him I am on the phone with Lady Zsuzanna and it
is a business call so my absence is unavoidable, he will understand I am sure.&quot;

Marcus nodded to him, &quot;Sure, no problemo, will
do.&quot;

Arkady looked much relieved. &quot;Thank you so very much.
I greatly appreciate it. Just do it quickly of you would please, they will be
expecting it by now I am sure.&quot; Marcus nodded, &quot;Right away.&quot;

Arkady patted his shoulder then walked out and resumed his
phone conversation.

Marcus gathered a couple bottles of cold water and walked
down to the dungeon. He stood in the doorway, quiet, and watched for several
minutes.

Darious had Dani shackled up, spread eagle and was using a
whip on her back, ass and legs, leaving large, angry welts and bruises in its
wake. He quit whipping her then stepped up close behind her, grabbed a handful
of her hair and yanked her head back. Looking down into her eyes, he said, &quot;Do
you like that toy? Do you want more of it?&quot;

She looked up at him panting, &quot;Yes M'Lord.&quot; He
stared into her eyes, &quot;If you want more then you will beg for it.&quot;
She moaned loudly, &quot;Please M'Lord, more. Please. Please don't stop.&quot;

He stepped back and let the tail of the whip drag lightly
over her body, teasing her with it. &quot;Keep begging toy and perhaps I'll
continue.&quot;

She wailed loudly, &quot;Please M'Lord, Please!&quot;

Marcus watched, shivering, knowing what that whip felt
like. Then he stepped into the room, &quot;Master?&quot; Darious turned and
looked at him. He saw the water bottles and smiled, &quot;Ahh, you brought us
some water, good pup. I'm pleased. Where' Arkady? He usually brings it
down.&quot;

&quot;He asked me to, he's on the phone with Lady Zsuzanna
talking business and sends his apologizes for not doing it himself.&quot;
Darious nodded, &quot;Ahh, OK. Putt he bottles on the table over there,&quot; he pointed to the
small table my Dani, &quot;but be mindful of the implements.&quot;

Marcus nodded, &quot;Yes Master.&quot; He walked over and
sat them down,, nodding and smiling at Dani then turned back to Darious,
&quot;Will there be anything else Master?&quot;

Darious nodded again, &quot;Yes but right now just stay out
of the way.&quot;

&quot;Yes Master.&quot; He stepped back out of Darious'
way.

Darious stepped back behind her and whipped her a couple
more times. &quot;Are you thirsty toy? Would you like a drink?&quot;

She looked back at him, purring softly then licked her
lips, &quot;Yes please M'Lord.&quot;

He unshackled her then held her to him, stroking her hair.
&quot;You did very good toy. You have pleased me greatly.&quot; He kissed the
top of her head then handed her a bottle of water. Then he looked at Marcus.
&quot;Get a warm, damp towel and gently wipe her down while she
drinks.&quot;

Marcus nodded, &quot;Yes Master.&quot; He hurried off and
got the towels then returned and started to gently wipe down her back, eyes
wide at just how badly she was beaten. She was in worse shape that he was after
his last trip to the dungeon. When he finished with her backside he walked
around and started on her front. His eyes widened even more, the only part of
her that wasn't welted or bruised was her face and neck. As he wiped her tits
off he licked his lips. He was tempted to squeeze and play with them but knew
better. He sighed deeply and gently wiped down her stomach.

She stood there drinking her water, purring softly, looking
down at him.

Darious watched long enough to make sure Marcus was going
to behave himself then he kissed her on one of her exposed shoulders and patted
her ass then walked off to clean up and re-organize things.

Marcus gently toweled off her legs.

She looked down at him and grinned evilly then spread her
legs apart, &quot;My crotch needs done too.&quot; Marcus froze in place
instantly. Right in front of his nose was her dripping slit. He could smell her
heady musk clearly, giving him an instant, throbbing erection. He started
shaking then looked up at her, &quot;Are you sure Miss Dani?&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Yes.&quot; He sighed deeply, &quot;Yes
Miss Dani.&quot; He then started to gently wipe off her pussy with a shaking
hand, noticing she was bruised and welted there as well, just as bad as
everywhere else. The flesh was a deep shade of red and inflamed.

Darious stopped what he was doing and turned to watch
Marcus more closely.

She moaned loudly and shivered as the towel drug over her
already sensitive flesh. She looked over her shoulder at Darious and grinned
evilly, wiggling her eyebrows. &quot;Arkady uses his tongue to clean my pussy
off.&quot; Marcus froze instantly and looked up at her, his eyes having that
deer in the headlights look. He looked over to Darious then back up at Dani. He
lowered his eyes and stared at her spread open, wet pussy then licked his lips.
He was sorely tempted to do it but had no desire to be whipped like she was. He
looked back at Darious and waited for his decision.

Darious walked over and stood by her, stroking her back
softly. He looked down at Marcus then said, &quot;Do you want him to do that
toy?&quot; She looked up at him and giggled, &quot;Wouldn't you prefer a nice
soft warm wet tongue to a rough towel?&quot; He grinned and stroked her hair,
&quot;Point taken toy.&quot; He stepped behind her and softly rubbed her sore
ass. He then looked down at the shivering, wide-eyed Marcus. &quot;Use your
tongue to clean her pussy pup. Make sure you do a good job.&quot;

Marcus stared up at him, mouth hanging open, not believing
what he was just told to do. He then nodded, &quot;As you wish Master.&quot; He
took a deep breath then put his face between her legs and started to roughly
tongue the outside of her pussy, feeling her flesh throb. He was nervous and
shaking but loving every minute of it. His cock was rock hard and throbbing in
his jeans. As he licked her pussy he inhaled deeply, getting a good, long smell
of her, causing his cock to throb more.

Her head dropped back and eyes shut. She moaned loudly and
started to shiver and shake. She leaned back against Darious and braced her
hands on the table to keep herself upright. &quot;Fuck! That feels good!&quot;
She moaned.

Marcus rubbed his tongue rougher on the outside of her
pussy, making sure she was clean then stiffened it and pushed it deep into her
and wiggled it around. His cock felt as though it was made of steel and was
throbbing in time with his heart.

Darious watched Marcus closely, to make sure he did only as
he was told, not anything else. He could feel Dani quaking against him and
could tell she was enjoying herself immensely and was tremendously turned on.
He chuckled deeply and rubbed her ass.

She reached down and put her hands on his head and pushed
his face deeper into her pussy. Her legs were shaking and she was moaning
loudly, &quot;Oh shit yes Marcus! More! Fuck me with your tongue please, Marcus
please!&quot;

He started to move his tongue in and out of her pussy,
twisting it around. He buried his face deeper into her pussy, trying to get his
tongue deeper into her, loving the taste. It had been so long since he had
tasted pussy that it was pure heaven. He leaned forward and braced his hands on
the table so his own shaking combined with hers wouldn't cause him to fall
over.

She gripped his head harder, her fingers curling in his
hair and squealed loudly. Then she started to grind her pussy down onto his
face, panting and moaning loudly, quivering and shaking. Her juices were
running out of her in a steady stream, coating his face.

He pulled his tongue out and started to bite and nibble on
her inner and outer pussy lips. He would catch one in his teeth and pull on
them then let go and lick them.

Darious felt Dani shaking so badly she could barely stand
so he wrapped his arms around her waist to hold her up. She was coating his
with her sweat. He watched Marcus closely. He could see his cock throbbing in
his jeans, the fabric stretched so tight it looked as through it was about to
split an a huge wet spot turning the denim a blue so dark it was almost black.
He started to kiss and nibble on her ear, listening to her pant and moan.

She clutched his head tighter, squirming all over the
place, moaning and squealing, &quot;Oh shit Marcus, don't stop!&quot;

He licked her lips a couple more times then started to
nibble and bite her clit, flicking his tongue across the tip of it. Then he
took her clit between his teeth and twisted his head side to side.

Her reaction was instantaneous, she dug her nails into his
scalp and let out a wall shaking scream then came, flooding his face. She threw
her head back and yelled, &quot;Oh fuck yes!&quot;

His hands gripped the table so hard his knuckles were
white. He continued to bite and nibble her clit while trying to lap up the
juice that was flooding out of her.

She held onto his head but loosened her grip, moaning and
whimpering, &quot;Shit Marcus, don't stop, I love it.&quot; Her legs felt like
jelly and her whole body was throbbing.

Darious let Marcus continue until he had cleaned up all her
juices then said, &quot;That's enough pup.&quot; Dani looked up at him and
whimpered loudly.

He smiled down at her and ran his fingers through her
sweaty hair. &quot;That's enough for now toy. Do you still want to be
spanked?&quot;

She licked her lips and nodded, &quot;Oh yeah!&quot;

Marcus looked up at them then gave her one last, long lick
from her asshole to her clit, dragging his tongue hard across her flesh.

She whimpered and moaned loudly, shaking.

Darious gave him a hard look then said in a deep,
commanding voice, &quot;Back up pup, now!&quot;

Marcus looked up then knelt down, his head hung low,
panting. He licked his lips, still tasting her. His cock was twitching and
throbbing madly, the wet spot on the front of his jeans was the size of a
grapefruit and still growling. He looked at Darious, &quot;I'm sorry Master but
it's been a while. Wow! Damn!&quot;

Darious looked at him, trying not to grin, &quot;You need
to learn better self control pup.&quot;

Marcus nodded, &quot;Yes Master, I do. Please forgive
me.&quot;

Darious chucked and grinned, &quot;Since my toy enjoyed it
so much you wont' be punished too severely.&quot;

Marcus looked at him, &quot;Yes Master, thank you?&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;Stand up, turn around, drop your
pants and bend over pup.&quot; He kissed Dani on the top of the head and patted
her on the ass. He then grabbed a paddle off the table and stepped behind him.
He gave him five swats on each cheek, not really hard but hard enough to sting a
bit. He then laid the paddle back on the table and put an arm around Danis'
waist and drew her closer to him. He looked back at Marcus, &quot;OK pup, stand
up and face me.&quot; Marcus quickly complied, turning to face them. His
erection hadn't dissipated at all. All ten inches was standing straight out in
front of him.

Dani took one look at it and drew a quick intake of breath.
She was unable to tear her eyes away from his massive hard-on.

Darious looked down at her and chuckled. He swatted her on
the ass to get her attention. When she looked up at him, eyes still wide he
asked her telepathically, &quot;Do you want him toy? Do you want to play with
that big cock of his?&quot;

She nodded vigorously and answered the same way, &quot;Oh
yeah! Please, please, please!&quot;

He chuckled deeply at her then a devious grin crossed his
face. He had just gotten a wonderful idea. He looked back at Marcus,
&quot;Pup?&quot;

He looked at Darious, &quot;Yes Master?&quot;

Darious looked at Marcus' cock and chuckled, &quot;Do you
crave release?&quot; Marcus nodded vigorously, &quot;Yes Master I do, very much
so. At this point any ole' knothole would suffice to do the job.&quot;

Darious grinned bigger, &quot;Well pup, I think I can do
better than that for you. You have behaved well for quite some time now. And
since my toy is feeling quite rambunctious I have devised a plan to make both
of you happy. If by 8:00 PM tonight you behave well and do your duties to the
best of your abilities and beyond AND my toy behaves exceptionally well I will
allow you release and my toys huger for sweets,&quot; he chuckled deeply,
&quot;will be sated.&quot;

Dani looked up at him, eyes as wide as dinner plates.

Marcus stared at him jaw hitting his chest.

Darious chuckled at their reaction. He then looked back and
forth at them. &quot;If one of you doesn't match the conditions I have set then
pup won't get his release and my toy will remain hungry. Do you both
understand?&quot;

Dani nodded, looking down, pretending she knew how to be a
proper sub and that she could behave.

Marcus looked at him, still stunned by what he had just
heard. &quot;Yes Master.&quot;

Darious nodded again, &quot;Very good.&quot; He looked at
Marcus, &quot;Get to it pup.&quot;

Marcus nodded vigorously, &quot;Yes Master.&quot; He
quickly yanked his pants up and did the buttons then did a perfect military
about face and was out of the room so fast you could almost see the dust in his
wake.

Darious looked at the empty doorway and chuckled.

Dani looked up at him, one eyebrow slightly arched,
&quot;Umm, I have one question M'Lord.&quot;

He looked down at her and smiled then stroked her hair,
&quot;What is that toy?&quot;

She grinned at him, &quot;Is this going to be your version
of behaving or mine?&quot; He grinned at her and chuckled, &quot;My version
toy.&quot;

She rolled her eyes and shook her head then looked down and
sighed deeply, &quot;Oh shit, I'm in trouble.&quot;

He chuckled deeply and patter her ass, &quot;I know your nature
toy and will take that into account. I know you'll do your best, I have faith
in you. Now, would you like a spanking with your favorite paddle?&quot;

She looked up at him, &quot;Umm... is that a rhetorical
question?&quot; He grinned at her, &quot;Well, let's get to it.&quot;

Two hours later he led her upstairs. She had a very sore
ass and the glazed look of a woman who had just been royally fucked. He sent
her up tot heir bedroom to take a bath and get cleaned up.

Arkadys passed her in the hallway. He saw the dreamy look
on her face and heard her purring loudly. He shook his head and grinned then
walked over to Darious, &quot;May I have a word with you Sir?&quot; He looked
at Arkady and smiled, &quot;Of course Wolfie. What do you need?&quot; Arkady
smiled at him, &quot;It appears I have some council business to attend to so I
will have to be away for a couple days. I'm sorry for any inconvenience this
may cause you.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;OK Wolfie. And put your mind at ease,
it isn't an inconvenience.&quot;

Arkady looked relieved, &quot;That you Sir.&quot; He then
gave Darious a grin, &quot;If I may ask Sir, what has gotten into Marcus?&quot;

Darious looked at him, &quot;What do you mean?&quot;

Arkady chuckled, &quot;Well, the kitchen and living room
have been cleaned within an inch of their lives. The floors are so clean you
could eat off them. Right now he's going through the second floor like a
tornado. I didn't know someone of his size could move that fast!&quot;

Darious chuckled, &quot;Oh?&quot;

Arkady grinned, &quot;Just look around, it is so clean it
looks new.&quot;

Darious looked around, &quot;It does, doesn't it? He's done
well hasn't he? I guess I have just properly motivated him.&quot; He looked at
Arkady and grinned, &quot;What to know how I managed that?&quot;

Arkady laughed, &quot;I'm not sure I really want to know
but go ahead and tell me anyway.&quot;

Darious laughed, &quot;OK, how long has it been since he
got his rocks off?&quot;

Arkady though for a minute then shook his head, &quot;I'm
not sure but it's been a while, I know that much Sir.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;Yes, it has been. He has behaved
especially well lately so he is going to have a chance. If he does as he should
and his counterpart behaves herself they will get what they want. It's a bit of
a test you might say.&quot;

Arkady laughed, &quot;Ahh, OK. I was
wondering what was going on because I have never seen him this enthusiastic
about housework before.&quot; He looked down at his watched and frowned,
&quot;I'm sorry Sir but I must depart, I have a plane yet to catch.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;OK Wolfie.&quot; He grabbed the
waistband of Arkadys' jeans and pulled him close then kissed him. &quot;Mare
sure you're careful Wolfie.&quot;

Arkady smiled and nodded, &quot;I always am Sir, never
fear.&quot; Darious rubbed his ass and smiled, &quot;OK, now get.&quot;

At 8:00 PM the house was hospital clean and sparkling.
Darious was sitting in his chair, watching TV. Marcus was sitting on the floor
between his legs. Dani was in her usual place, curled up in his lap, purring
softly. At precisely 8:00 PM he shut the TV off. He reached out and stroked
Marcus' head, &quot;Pup, I am impressed. The house looks great. You have done
exceptionally well.&quot;

Marcus smiled up at him, &quot;Thanks Master.&quot;

Darious smiled and nodded, &quot;You're welcome pup.&quot;
He looked down at Dani and smiled, stroking her back, &quot;Toy, you have
pleased me greatly, your behavior was impeccable.&quot;

She gave Marcus a mock hard look and a playful swat to the
back of the head, &quot;You had better appreciate this Marcus! I hate
behaving.&quot;

He smiled at her and stroked her hair, &quot;You have no
idea just how much I appreciate it Dani.&quot;

Darious chuckled, OK pup, listen up, these are the ground
rules.&quot;

Marcus looked up at him, giving him his full and undivided
attention.

Darious nodded at him, &quot;OK, if Dani says no, stop,
quit or something similar you will stop immediately. If you don't I will grab
you by the hair and drag you to the dungeon. Believe me; you will get it worse
than last time. Do I make myself clear pup?&quot;

Marcus nodded and whimpered, &quot;Yes Master.&quot;

Darious nodded and stroked his head, &quot;Very good pup.
I'll let you two have some fun for a time before I come up and join you. If
Dani doesn't like something don't do it.&quot; He looked down at Dani,
&quot;The same goes for you toy.&quot;

She looked up at him and nodded, &quot;OK Darious.&quot;

He nodded, &quot;Very good toy. I'll give you enough time
to have your fun, let's say until tomorrow morning or until someone passes out,
which ever happens first.&quot;

Dani giggled, &quot;Like THAT'S going to happen!&quot;

Darious chuckled and stroked her back. He then looked at
Marcus then down at her again and grinned, &quot;What are you two waiting for?
An invitation?&quot; He swatted Dani on the butt.

She looked up at him and giggled then crawled off his lap
and stood up. She held out her hand to Marcus, &quot;Come on Marcy-poo, let's
go have some fun.&quot;

He scrambled up and took her hand then let her lead him
upstairs, trembling and shaking.

When they got to the bedroom she quickly stripped then turned
and looked at him, smiling.

He looked at her and licked his lips nervously. He was
shaking and trembling all over as much from being nervous as being turned on.

She walked over to him, wrapped her arms around his waist
and smiled up at him, &quot;Are you nervous Marcus?&quot;

He looked down at her then hugged her close to him.
&quot;Yes I am Dani.&quot;

She smiled at him, &quot;There's no reason to be. It's just
me, the munchkin.&quot;

He held her for a minute, &quot;Thanks Dani.&quot; He
untangled himself from her and quickly shucked his clothes.

She flopped down on the center of the bed with her legs
spread, licking her lips.

When he was naked he jumped into bed and crawled between
her legs and propped her tights on his then leaned over her. He grinned down at
her then kissed her roughly and passionately. When he broke off the kiss he
reached down and grabbed her tits roughly, pinching and pulling on them. He
looked down into her eyes, his cock throbbing two beats faster than his heart
and the head was wet and shimmering from the pre-cum. It was twitching back and
forth involuntarily. He grinned down at her, &quot;Do you like this slut? Huh?
How about if I bury every inch of my cock deep in that hungry twat of your?
Would you like that?&quot;

She looked up at him wide-eyed, not believing what he said
to her but loving it. Her pussy got instantly soaked. She looked into his eyes
and licked her lips then said, &quot;Fuck yes! Do it Marcus!&quot;

He drug his nails down her belly then over her pussy. Then
he cupped her pussy and gripped it hard, squeezing it. He looked down at her,
licking his hips. &quot;You like playing rough don't you bitch?&quot;

She whimpered loudly and looked up at him. She started to
tremble all over, &quot;Yeah I do.&quot;

He leaned down and kissed her roughly, nipping her bottom
lip. He rubbed his cock up and down over her pussy, feeling his wetness coat
it, mingling with his own pre-cum. He looked down into her eyes, &quot;Do you
want me to stuff my hard, throbbing cock deep into that hot cunt of yours
bitch? Have me fuck you hard and rough with my big cock? Is that what you want
slut? Tell me or I won't give it to you.&quot;

She looked up at him, panting and squirming around
underneath him. Her skin was flushed, she was sweating, her nipples were hard
and juice was practically running out of her pussy. She licked her lips and
said in a deep, husky voice, &quot;Shit yes! Now!&quot;

He grinned at her and rubbed his cock up and down between
her pussy lips. &quot;You want it now bitch? Do you really?&quot;

&quot;Yes! Now! Please!&quot; She screamed.

He pulled back slightly, spread her pussy lips apart then slammed
his cock all the way into her in one hard stroke.

She arched up off the bed and moaned loudly, &quot;Oh fuck
yes Marcus, yes!&quot;

He started to pound into her but it been so long since he
had cum and per pussy felt so good wrapped around his cock that on the third
stroke he started to explode in her. He grabbed her tits so hard his fingers
dug into her flesh. He looked down into her eyes as he came, growling, his
teeth clenched and bared.

She was squirming around underneath him, moaning and
whimpering. He was cumming so hard that she could feel every spurt in her
clearly. He thrust herself up onto him, &quot;More Marcus! Don't you dare
stop!&quot; His whole body was jerking, slamming into her so hard the bed was
moving, growling and snarling loudly.

She clutched tightly to his arms, her nails digging deeply
into his biceps, &quot;Oh yeah! So good!&quot;

He leaned forward and bit her roughly on the neck,
growling. He then grabbed tow handfuls of her hair and held her head down,
looking down into her eyes, snarling, &quot;Come on bitch fuck my cock, fuck it
hard!&quot;

Darious had walked in silently so as not to disturb them.
When he heard Marcus call her a bitch his eyes narrowed and he could feel his
anger rising. He took several steps towards the bed, planning to yank him off
of her but stopped when she moaned loudly and said yes then started to thrust
up on him. He could see her nails were dug deeply into his arms and was
obviously enjoying herself. He moved quietly over to the chair and sat down to
watch. He had never thought to talk to her like that, assuming that she
wouldn't like it but he was obviously wrong. He decided he would have to
remember that for future use with her.

Marcus winced as her sharp nails dug into his arms. He let
go of her hair and grabbed her hands. He pinned them above her head and held
them there with one hand. He continued to slam into her as hard as he could. As
he fucked her he looked down into her eyes. &quot;Come on whore, let the slut
we both know you are come out and work that hot cunt of yours on my cock!&quot;

She moaned and wiggled around under him, eyes half lidded,
obviously enjoying herself. &quot;Yes Marcus, more!&quot;

He pulled out of her quickly; his cock rock hard and
throbbing then flipped her over onto her stomach. He pulled her up onto her
knees and shoved her shoulders down onto the bed. He then slammed his cock all
the way back into her pussy and started to hammer into her. He swatted her on
the inner thighs hard enough to leave marks, getting her to spread them further
apart. He straightened up on his knees and swatted her hard on the ass.
Reaching underneath her he rubbed her clit roughly then pinched and twisted it,
causing her to howl and squeal loudly. He chuckled deeply, &quot;You like my
cock in that twat huh slut? Like my cock in that cunt of yours, filling you,
hitting bottom.&quot;

She nodded vigorously and moaned, &quot;Yes Marcus I love
it!&quot; He ground deep into her then started fucking her hard and fast again,
panting and growling. &quot;Yes, you love me fucking your hot cunt huh slut.
Just like a good little whore should.&quot;

Darious watched quietly, eyes glued to Marcus' cock sliding
in and out of Danis' pussy, hearing the soft, wet noise it made. His cock was
hard as a diamond and staining his zipper. He reached down and adjusted it a
bit, his eyes never leaving the action.

Dani was thrusting back on him, moaning, &quot;Yes Marcus,
yes! Don't stop, please! Give me more!&quot;

He grabbed her arms and pinned them down and wrapped an arm
around her waist and held her still while he jack hammered into her, fucking
her vigorously.

She was howling and wailing loudly, grinding back onto him,
trying to get him into her deeper.

He growled loudly, slamming into her, &quot;Come on my cock
bitch. Make that hot cunt squirm on my cock. Prove to me you love it. Cum for
me you whore!&quot;

She slammed back onto him as hard as she could and ground
it in a circle. Then she threw her head back and screamed loudly as she came,
drenching his cock with he juice. When she finished she looked back over her
shoulder at him, panting and whimpering.

He grinned at her, Liked that did you slut? Well, I'm about
to give you something you're going to love. Guess where you're going to get my
cock next? Right up that tight ass of yours.&quot; He pulled out of her pussy
then rubbed the head against her asshole before slamming it deep into her.

She howled loudly at the abrupt intrusion and arched up,
shivering and panting.

He started to fuck her ass just as hard as he had her
pussy. He then drug is nails down her belly to her open and dripping slit. He
flicked her clit a couple times before he shoved two fingers deep into her and
started to move them in and out of her quickly.

She moaned loudly and wiggled all over the place, loving
it. She looked back at him panting and licking her lips eyes clouded over.

He ground his cock hard into her and swatter her hard on
the ass, leaving a hand print behind. He growled deeply, &quot;Let the whore in
you come out and work that tight ass on my cock!&quot;

She slammed back onto him, howling loudly, shaking and
quivering.

He leaned over her back again, continuing to fuck her ass
hard and fast then whispered in her ear, &quot;Do you like this Dani?&quot;

She nodded vigorously and moaned a soft yes.

He kissed the side of her face, &quot;Good, it's turning
you on?&quot;

She ground herself back on him and nodded again.

He wrapped his arm back around her waist and pulled her
back onto his cock, &quot;Mmm, good. Will you please call me Mark
sweetie?&quot;

She turned her head and kissed him, OK Mark.&quot; She was
slippery with sweat and her hair was completely soaked.

He kissed her back tenderly then got back up on his knees,
grabbed her by they hips firmly then started to fuck her and fast again.

Darious leaned forward and frowned, trying to hear what
Marcus was saying to her but couldn't. He stood up and quickly undressed,
having decided it was time to join them. He walked over to the bed and knelt in
front of her.

Dani propped herself up on her elbows and looked up at him.
Then she leaned forward and softly licked the tip of his cock.

Darious looked down at her and grinned. Then he grabbed her
hair and thrust his cock deep into her mouth and started to fuck her mouth deep
and fast.

Marcus continued to fuck her ass hard but kept quiet,
watching her suck Darious' cock.

Darious pushed her hair aside so he could see his cock
sliding in and out of her mouth. He then looked at Marcus, &quot;Why are you
being so quiet pup?&quot;

Marcus looked at him then lowered his eyes.

Darious chuckled, &quot;She didn't say stop did she?
Apparently she likes it, a lot from her reaction, so go ahead.&quot;

Marcus looked back up at him, totally surprised, then
nodded, &quot;OK Master.&quot; Dani pulled her mouth off Darious' cock and
looked back over her shoulder at him, &quot;Please more Mar, I really, really
like it so please don't stop.&quot;

Darious looked down at her and arched an eyebrow at the
name but said nothing.

She looked up at him and lowered her mouth back down on his
cock and started sucking it again then winked.

Marcus grinned from ear to ear then ground his cock deep
into her ass, &quot;As you want slut.&quot;

Darious kept thrusting his cock in and out of her mouth. He
raked his fingers through her hair and grinned down at her, &quot;My naughty
little slut likes to suck cock huh?&quot; Marcus swatted her hard on the ass,
&quot;You love feeling my big cock reaming your ass don't you bitch? Feels good
doesn't it?&quot; She moaned loudly, shivering and shaking.

His nails dug into her hips as he fucked her harder and
faster. He was getting close to cumming again. He was sweating profusely and
the blood was pounding in his ears. He growled deeply and bared his teeth,
&quot;I'm going to fuck that ass of yours so hard you're going to walk
bow-legged when I'm done. Plus, you won't be able to sit for a week without
being reminded of my cock in your ass.&quot;

Her asshole clenched down hard on his cock as she started
to push back on him.

He stiffened up and howled then started to shoot deep into
her ass.

She wiggled around on his cock and started to purr loudly,
continuing to suck hard on Darious' cock.

Darious groaned loudly then grabbed her head tighter and
shoved his cock all the way into her mouth then started to cum.

She continued to thrust back onto Marcus while she
swallowed all of what Darious was shooting into her mouth. When he finished she
pulled her mouth off and licked his cock clean. Then she looked over her
shoulder at Marcus, &quot;Shift please Mark. Please.&quot;

He stopped thrusting and looked at her, &quot;Are you sure
Dani? I'm in your ass and I might rip you.&quot;

She nodded vigorously, &quot;Please Mark! I want to feel
your cock grow in me. Please!&quot;

He smacked her hard on the ass, leaving a hand print
behind, &quot;OK slut, I'll give you what you want.&quot; He threw his head
back and howled loudly then slowly shifted. He grew to 11'6&quot; and 850 lbs
grew a dense black pelt that covered his entire body, a large muzzle filled
with sharp teeth and fangs sprouted from his face. His nails elongated into
sharp claws. Finally, his cook grew to 20 inches in length and 5 inches in
girth. It grew deep in her ass stretching her out completely. He held still for
a couple minutes, letting her get used to him then started to fuck her hard and
deep, growling and snarling, and his claws digging into her hips.

She screamed loudly as he grew into his full length and
width in her, stretching her walls, loving it, &quot;Oh shit yes!&quot; When he
started fucking her again she looked up at Darious, whimpering and moaning,
&quot;Please shift Darious. &quot;

He looked down at her and grinned then sifted to full
demon. He rubbed both his cocks over her lips, letting her lick them then
pulled back.

She looked up at him and whimpered softly, licking her
lips.

Darious looked down at Marcus, &quot;Pull out and clean
your cock off. This little slut,&quot; he ran his claws through her long hair,
&quot;is going to suck your cock.&quot;

Marcus nodded, &quot;Yes Master.&quot; He then eased all 20
inches slowly out of her ass and wiped it off.

Even Darious had never seen Marcus' crynos form. His eyes
widened as Marcus wiped his cock off, even he was impressed. &quot;Damn pup!
That is one hell of a piece of meat you have there.&quot;

Marcus grinned, &quot;That you Master. I must say this
though, I've never, ever had any creature in human form take all of it like
Dani did.&quot;

Darious stoked a claw down her cheek, &quot;Yes, my toy is
a special brand of slut.&quot; He looked down at her upturned face and grinned,
his sharp fangs glistening. &quot;Turn around and suck his cock slut.&quot;

She nodded, &quot;Yes Darious.&quot; She spun around and
started to lick Marcus' cock, presenting her ass and soaking, wet pussy to
Darious.

Marcus moaned as she licked his turgid flesh and sighed
deeply as she wrapped her lips around it then deep throated him.

Darious rubbed his cocks over her pussy and asshole then
slammed them both all the way into her holes. He pulled her back onto him as he
did, causing her to squeal around Marcus' cock. He then held still and made his
cocks grow to the size of Marcus'. He then started to fuck her hard and fast.
&quot;My naughty little slut wants a big cock so I'm going to give her two of
them. You want that hot cunt and ass to be stretched out and that is what I'm
going to give you.&quot; He raked his claws down her back and over her thighs,
leaving long red welts.

Marcus grabbed a fist full of her hair and started to fuck
her mouth. He then reached under her and started to pinch and twist her nipples
between his claws.

Darious continued to fuck her hard, reaching between her
legs and clawed her clit roughly.

She loved every minute of the rough treatment. When Darious
started to claw her clit she stiffened up and came. With that she started to
shift.

Darious saw the fur start to sprout all over her body and
shouted at Marcus, &quot;Get your cock out of her mouth, now!&quot; Then shoved
him backwards.

Marcus' eyes widened, &quot;What?&quot; then lost his
balance and fell off the bed with a resounding thud. &quot;Master,
what...&quot; he then saw Dani fully shifted, her fangs showing and wings fully
outstretched then said, &quot;Oh shit!&quot;

She looked down at him and licked her lips, purring,
&quot;Give me your cock please.&quot; Marcus stood up and looked at Darious,
feeling Danis' tongue start to lick the tip of his cock, &quot;Is it
safe?&quot;

Darious nodded and ground his cocks deep into her.
&quot;Yes, my little slut will keep her fangs sheathed so she doesn't hurt you.
Isn't that right slut?&quot; He swatted her hard on the ass causing her to
moan.

Marcus moved to the foot of the bed and thrust his cock
back into her mouth. He put his hands on her head and started to fuck her
mouth, moaning and growling.

Darious continued slamming into her and roughly playing
with her clit. With his other hand he started to stroke the base of her tail.

She squealed loudly around Marcus' cock and started to
wiggle and squirm all over the place.

Marcus let go of her head and reached under her and started
to play with her tits again. He looked down at her and growled, &quot;You like
this cunt? Three big cocks in you, filling all your holes up. Huh bitch?&quot;

She looked up at him and moaned. S he continued to watch
his face while he fucked her mouth.

Marcus continued to piston in and out of her mouth, his
cock was starting to twitch and throb signaling he was once again going to cum.
He looked down at her and growled, Baring his fangs, &quot;Work that hot mouth
of yours on my cock slut! Make me cum again. Suck every drop of cum out of me
bitch!&quot;

She sucked on his cock harder. She, herself, was getting
close to cumming again, squirming and wiggling around, slamming back onto
Darious so hard his hips were leaving bruises on her ass.

Darious leaned over her back and bit her on the neck then
growled, &quot;Hold onto it slut. Don't cum yet!&quot;

She moaned loudly, shaking all over. She was trying to
concentrate on not cumming.

Marcus started slamming his cock in her mouth. His head
rolled back, his eyes shut then he howled loudly. His shoved his cock all the
way into her mouth and started to cum.

She quickly pulled her mouth off and sunk her fangs deep
into his thigh then started to feed.

Darious gripped her shoulders, his claws digging into her
flesh. He growled, &quot;Cum now toy!&quot; Then he started to shoot deep into
both her holes.

She pulled her fangs out, slammed back onto Darious and
came, howling at the top of her lungs.

Darious continued even after he finished cumming, causing
her to have a huge multiple.

Marcus pulled out of her mouth, panting and sweating. He
backed away on shaking legs that felt like jelly. He saw he had blown in her
hair. He continued backing up until he bumped into the chair then dropped into
it. He leaned back and shut his eyes, exhausted and promptly fell asleep.

Dani looked over her shoulder at Darious, licking her
fangs. &quot;Fuck me Darious, please! Fuck me so hard it hurts!&quot;

He looked down at her then pulled his cocks out. He flipped
her over onto her back, roughly, then slammed both of them back into her. He
propped her legs on his shoulders then grabbed her arms, pinned them to the bed
then started to fuck her animalistically and roughly. He looked down into her
eyes and growled, fangs bared. &quot;I like the feeling of that ass and pussy
on my cocks, it feels great. Tonight proved I need to fuck my toy regularly
since she is such a slut and wet all the time. My slut wants fucked and spanked
all the time.&quot; He let go of her arms and sat up straight, looked down at
her, &quot;I have a special treat for you toy.&quot;

She looked up at him, panting, &quot;Oh? What treat is
that?&quot;

He grinned down at her and chuckled deeply, &quot;You've
been a very bad, naughty toy tonight and deserve a tongue lashing.

She moaned and looked up at him, &quot;Oh yeah!&quot;

He pulled out then kissed and nibbled his way down her body
until he was lying on his belly between her legs. He looked up at her and
grinned evilly then stuck out his eight inch prehensile, forked tongue at her.
She moaned loudly and her eyes rolled back in her head, quivering from head to
toe.

Darious chuckled deeply then bit both of her thighs before
sticking his tongue out and licking the outside of her lips and clit before
thrusting it deep inside of her, spinning it around, running it all around her
wet walls. He then rubbed the fork rough and hard over her g-spot.

His tongue continued on her g-spot while he reached down
and stroked the base of her tail. With his other hand he stroked two fingers
across her asshole before thrusting them into her ass and moved them in and
out.

She yowled loudly and started to cum, her juice spraying
out of her pussy onto his face. She came multiple times before falling limp on
the bed, panting.

He withdrew his tongue then licked his face clean. He moved
up and lay down next to her, drawing her into his arms.

She snuggled up close to him, purring happily. She stroked
her sweaty hair and kissed the top of her head. He looked down at her and
smiled, &quot;I didn't know you liked to be talked to like that.&quot;

She looked up at him and giggled, &quot;Neither did I until
he started.&quot;

He chuckled, &quot;Something I'm going to have to
remember.&quot; He stroked her hair, &quot;Another question, when he was
whispering to you, what did he ask?&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;Nothing big, just if I liked it
and if it was turning me on. Also to call him Mark. Nothing bad.&quot;

Darious nodded, &quot;OK toy.&quot;

They lay there, snuggling and cuddling for about an hour.
She then shifted back to human and got up to clean up. Darious woke Marcus up
enough to get him into bed where he promptly fell back to sleep. Then he
shifted back to human and cleaned himself up. He and Dani then crawled into
bed. She lay with her back to him curled up to Marcus and he slid his cock into
ass and held her close. Soon, they fell asleep.

The next morning Marcus woke up early to answer the call of
nature. He looked down and saw the naked, sleeping Dani curled up to his chest,
arm around his waist and grinned, remembering the night before.

She felt him stir and woke up then looked up at him,
smiling, &quot;Morning.&quot;

He grinned from ear tot ear then leaned down and kissed her,
&quot;Good morning sweetheart. Thank your for last night.&quot;

She shook her head, &quot;No need to thank me, I liked it
as much as you did.&quot;

He stroked her hair softly, &quot;I am to please.&quot;

She giggled, &quot;I have a question for you. Do you still
want me to call you Mark?&quot;

He nodded, &quot;If you would please Dani. Now, if you'll
excuse me I have to go see a man about a horse.&quot;

She giggled and tickled his furry tummy, &quot;Well, get
moving then.&quot;

Chapter 42

&#65279;

As dawn broke over the bluffs ridge it shown directly into
their bedroom, bathing those in the bed with its refreshing golden glow. Dani
was curled on her side facing Darious, one arm draped casually over his middle.
Snuggled up as close to her as he could get, he held her to him, body pressed
to hers. Arkady was spooned up next to her back, a hand on her hip. At the foot
of the bed Marcus lay curled up in lupine form, snoring softly. Within a couple
minutes of daylight Darious' inner clock woke him. Carefully, he untangled
himself from Dani and stretched. After taking a shower and dealing with his
other morning obligations, he came in and woke those still in bed.

Not at all a morning person, Dani grumbled, growled and
snarled but she got up and picked her way past all the boxes in the room to the
bathroom. While she was in the shower the other three did a quick run through
of the house to make sure everything was packed and ready to go.

After a hasty breakfast from McDonalds they all put the
things that would be going with them on the plane by the front door, the
essentials that they would need immediately. Shortly after 9 AM the moving men
arrived and started carting everything out to the truck and packing it in.

When everything was loaded and ready to go she and Darious
took a final walk through the house to make sure nothing was missed. Stopping
in their bedroom they looked out over the bluff, watching the mist slowly rise
in the morning light. She leaned against him, a wistful smile on her face an
arm around his waist, sure, she had agreed when they had talked about this move
but it was hard leaving the house she had so lovingly designed. There were a
lot of memories here, some good, some not. Leaving wasn't easy, but it was for
the best. Darious was fully retired now, turning over the reigns of Triple D
and no longer immersing himself in the paperwork that had kept him occupied for
so long so he had not need to be in the area.

The world was changing rapidly from what they once knew and
much of the old guard was changing. Dark creatures were no longer discriminated
against and were openly involving themselves in everything. It wasn't uncommon
for them to even hold public office! But there were other changes as well,
those who she had known for so long, the she-devils, were moving on themselves,
many retiring from the council. It was the time for the younger ones to finally
take over, bringing new blood and new ideas. To those now holding offices on
the council Dani was little more than a legend. Most of them had never seen her
and she liked it that way. Changing locations was just another step in
separating her from the council activities.

A year ago the idea had been brought up between her,
Darious, Marcus and Arkady that maybe it was time for them, like the others, to
move on. They had all been nomadic creatures for thousands of years and
settling down as they'd done had become boring. It took some planning and a bit
of hunting but finally they had arranged to buy a small island off South America and build on it
to suit their exact needs. After several years of construction, their refuge
was complete and the time had come for them to move. While this house had been
home for so long all had grown weary of the cold and harsh winters. All
combined it told them the time had come to move on to something new and start
over someplace else

Putting his arm around her waist, he drew her close and
kissed her on top of the head. &quot;It's time to go toy. We have to get on the
plane if we want to make it by nightfall.&quot;

Holding him close, she smiled up at him, &quot;I know, it's
hard to leave but I have to remember that we're going TO something new, not
fleeing from something bad.&quot; Taking one last look over the lonely bluff
she put her arm around his waist and they walked down the stairs together.

As the limo pulled down the long drive, she took one final
look at the house already looking lonely and abandoned. Smiling a bit, she
leaned onto Darious and looked out the front window as they turned onto the
highway and headed for the airport. A new life was starting and she couldn't
wait for the challenges it would bring.







Authors note: No, this is
probably not the ending you wanted but it is the best I could give you. Dani,
Darious, Marcus, Arkady and the whole crew are riding off into the sunset like
so many heroes of book, film, and legend. The Dani and Darious saga has kept me
busy for five years now with many changes and re-writes. This story, Somewhere
Between Heaven and Hell, was how it originally started but as I wrote it I
realized there was something wrong with it so I junked it all and started over.
But as time went on I posted parts of this here and there. The response was
such that I decided to post the whole thing even though it was what I wasn't
going to use. As you read it, and possibly score it, take in mind I patched
what I had together the best I could so there are chunks missing here and there
and it isn't what it could have been. But I think it's a great story anyway!

Be sure to take a look at &quot;Fate&quot; to see Dani and
Darious in a slightly different timeline and universe.

Danyealle

The End

Be aware, what you have read is 'dead segments' of the
story that has become Fate. There are gaps in the story as you have probably
noticed that will not be fixed. While this will have an ending it may be a
letdown for those reading it. Fate is the re-write of the story and a lot more
will be explained in it. I was encouraged to post this whole thing by friends
of mine so here it is.... take it for what it is.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Danyealle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





