BDSM Library - Tales from School




Tales from School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Various serialised adventures as some students discover bondage and domination for the first time.



Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part One: Sex Education
The boys and girls discuss sex


"Who can tell me why condoms are important?" the teacher asked.

"Man, this is so lame," Oliver whispered to Matt.  "I bet half the room has had sex already, and now they're trying to educate us.  We're seventeen or eighteen, for goodness sake - it's even legal now!"

"Yes, avoiding pregnancy is a good reason Roger, that's right.  However, it's not the most important reason," the teacher continued.

"What I don't get is why they separate the boys and girls," Matt whispered back.  "I wonder how their lesson differs."

"Sexually transmitted infections.  That is the over-riding reason for using condoms.  Can anyone tell me any examples?"  The teacher was in full flow 
now.

"Probably they get the period talk," Oliver suggested.

"Yes, that's good, yep, yep," the teacher called out as various members of the class chimed in.  Neither Oliver nor Matt were paying any attention.

"So what's our equivalent?" Matt replied.

"Ok, so now I think we all understand why we should use condoms," the teacher summarised.

"Probably this - you should know guys: a few days a month, you really, really shouldn't try it on with your woman," Oliver suggested.  Matt laughed loudly 
enough to catch a glare from the teacher.

"Now class," the teacher announced, "I want you all to get into your discussion groups and talk about the things we've covered today."

The class split up into various groups of friends.  Oliver and Matt were joined by Tim, who they found slightly annoying but tolerable.

"So what are we meant to do, just sit and talk about sex?" Tim asked.

"Yeah, why not.  How's it going with your missus Matt?" Oliver said.

"Pretty good, yeah."

"How many times have you done it now?" Tim asked.

"Enough to lose count," Matt said with a smile.

"I can't believe neither your parents or her parents mind if you stay over at each other's houses - in the same bed!  Do you know how many other kids 
would kill for their parents to be that laid-back?  Joanna's parents don't even think that we have sex."

"Yeah, although my parents are forever checking that I've got enough condoms handy.  It's really weird!"

"So what positions have you tried?" Tim pressed.

"Only missionary," Matt said dourly.  "And only with the lights off."

"I heard that her on-top is great, much better," Tim continued.

"Yeah, well, why don't you try it then Tim?"  At that, the three of them fell silent.  They all knew that Tim did not have a girlfriend, and was a virgin.

"I have similar troubles with Joanna," Oliver said.  "What we need 
are girls like in porn, you know?  Girls who'll do all kinds of stuff, not ones who are afraid to even get naked, 'because of what the guy might think 
of them'.  I mean, if I didn't want to see a girl naked, why would I be trying to undress them?  They should all just get over themselves."

"Yeah, we want deep-throating girls," Tim butted in.

"Anal sex you mean," Oliver replied, grinning.

"Threesomes," Tim added.  "Reckon we could find any girls in school willing to double up?"

"More likely they'd want us to double up," Oliver pointed out.

"Nasty," Tim said, and they all nodded in agreement.

* * *

In a nearby room, Matt's girlfriend Lisa was sat with a group of her friends, including Oliver's girlfriend Joanna, involved in a similar discussion.

"So do you wear condoms with Matt?" Paula asked.

"Yeah, we both think it's a good idea," Lisa explained.

"Some men are so pig-headed about it," Emma lamented.  "It's bad enough that they're always asking for sex, but they want you to go on the pill so 
they don't have to bother with condoms."

"My last boyfriend was so self-absorbed that he refused to give me head," Amanda complained.  Some of the other girls nodded in agreement.  Joanna 
thought about Oliver and how he often tried to duck out of it.

"I hope you stood up for yourself and refused to give him a blow-job until he did," Emma said strongly.  All the girls in the group knew that Emma had 
staunch feminist tendencies, so they expected a comment like that from her.

"Don't you quite like giving head?  I seem to find that I have more fun giving him head than when he gives me head," Leah interjected.

"He must be doing it wrong!"  Everyone laughed at Lisa's outburst.  Matt had been very eager to give Lisa head when they had first become intimate, 
and after that Lisa had been very eager for him to do it again and again.

"Is it good?" Ruby asked.  Ruby was a slightly large, fairly quiet girl.  Everyone knew that she had never been with a boy and most felt sorry for her 
in that regard.

"Amazing," Lisa promised.

"So yeah, men!" Joanna said, steering the conversation back.  "Do you ever get asked to do some weird stuff that they've only ever heard about?"

"Like deep-throating?" Amanda suggested.

"Anal," Leah added.

"Or a threesome," Joanna said.

"That might not be so bad if it was two guys," Leah said casually.

"But you know they want two girls, and usually a specific friend of yours that they fancy!" Lisa said.

"So are you never tempted to try to do what they want?  If a guy was that insistent with me, I might listen to him and do what he wants," Ruby said.  
No-one answered her.  Emma considered it too fawning, and likewise Amanda would not give a guy the satisfaction.  Joanna and 
Leah did not like the idea of doing some of the weird things that men had asked them for.  Lisa was not sure what she would do if Matt asked her for 
something like that.  Paula did not want to be seen to agree with Ruby if none of the other girls were agreeing.

"Really, they just want the women they see in porn," Paula stated, trying not to let Ruby's comment cause such an obvious silence.

"Have you actually seen any?" Lisa asked, curious.

"I've seen some," Leah said.  "It's interesting in a way, to see what guys like."

"I've seen a lot," Ruby said and everyone turned to look at her.  She flushed.  "Some of it can be kinda... enjoyable."  There was a pause, and Ruby 
continued on, to change the subject and not cause another silence: "So don't any of you have any odd things that you would like to do with your 
boyfriends?"

"Once," Joanna said and paused, contemplating whether to say it.  "I had sex outdoors with Oliver when we were on a camping holiday with my 
parents and he was really horny.  They wouldn't let us sleep in the same tent even, but one day when we were out walking, away from them, we just 
did right there in the woods.  That was really good, you know.  I drop hints sometimes that we should go camping again, but I'm not sure he's ever 
noticed."

"I quite like seeing men masturbate," Paula said.  That was only half the story but there was no way she was admitting any more about her sex life to 
the other girls.

"Wasn't it just so fast it was a blur?" Lisa asked.

"A bit, but that doesn't make it a bad thing.  It's just... kinda sexy, you know?"

"I like the idea - never done it though - of taking charge for once," Amanda said.

"So if you like something in particular, why don't you ask them to do it?" Ruby asked.

"You kidding me?" Joanna said.  "It'd be all over the school in no time if you let on to any guy what you really liked."

"What about you Emma?  You trust your boyfriend don't you?" Ruby pressed.  Emma had been with her boyfriend longer than any of them.

"Yeah, but still.  To actually ask a guy for it straight out, it's not something you do."  All the other girls nodded in agreement, except Ruby, who 
did not understand.

"Ok class, I hope you have had a good discussion about safe sex," the teacher called out.  "We're going to talk a bit about consent now.  Both you and 
your partner must agree to having sex.  If you are not comfortable with it or are being pressured into it, just say no.  If you say no and he still 
tries anyway, that can be rape.  That is a crime, and you should always report it.  Here are some examples of situations where..."

The girls stopped talking to each other and listened to the lesson.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Two: Irresistible
Matt and Lisa discover the joys of taking and surrendering control during sex


Later that evening, after the sex education lesson:

"So how was your sex ed.?" Matt asked as he lay by Lisa's side in bed that night, both of them totally naked.  Matt had just finished a short bout of 
giving Lisa head. His right hand was slowly stroking her inner thigh while he used his left to prop himself up on his side.  The room was totally 
dark, as always.  Had the light been on, Matt would have seen Lisa's pretty round face, with a smattering of freckles, framed by her long, very 
straight brown hair that dropped below her shoulders.  Matt had black hair that he kept short atop his slightly wide face.

"Pretty boring, same as ever.  Ohhhh - did they teach you how to do that in class?" Lisa asked as Matt's fingers slid between her damp labia and found 
her clitoris.

"No, I already know how to push your buttons," Matt told her, and they kissed.  Lisa's hand slid downwards and felt for Matt's cock, which was already 
hard.  She broke off their kiss and rolled onto her back reaching out her other hand for a condom from the bedside table.  She tore open the wrapper, being careful not to 
damage the condom, and handed it to Matt.  He fumbled in the dark to discover which way up it went, and then rolled it down over his dick, feeling the 
familiar over-tightness of the latex.

Lisa spread her legs wide as Matt climbed between them.  He used his hand to guide his sheathed prick into the right place and then tried to ease 
forwards.

"Down a bit," Lisa told him, and he did as she advised.  Lisa gasped as she felt his head penetrating her, pushing open her vagina.  Matt 
eagerly pushed deeper inside her until he could go no further.  Still recovering from his entrance into her, Lisa wrapped her legs around his back and 
reached her arms around him to rest on his buttocks, leaving her entwined around him, clasped to him.

Matt began to thrust and they both grunted slightly on each thrust.  They were at the opposite end of the house to Lisa's parents so there was little 
need to keep quiet, although neither of them usually made too much noise.  Matt continued thrusting, trying to listen out for the subtle change in 
Lisa's vocal output in order to find the right spot that pleasured her.  A dutiful boyfriend, Matt always tried to make sure that Lisa came first, especially since she was 
happy for him to keep thrusting to finish himself off after she had had her own climax.  After a while, Matt stopped.

"I'm getting close," he explained, not wanting to come first.  "Plus, I could do with a rest!"  Lisa did not reply.  "You ok?" Matt added after a few seconds.

"Yeah, sorry.  I was just thinking about sex ed. again."

"Oh?" Matt said.  It was not uncommon for them to talk during the pauses in sex.  Sometimes it annoyed Matt, but it gave them a certain closeness that 
he liked.

"About the talk on rape.  I was just wondering if I could actually stop you at this point."

"You'd only have to say so," Matt said, puzzled.

"Yeah, I know with you I would.  But if that wasn't the case, could I get away?  Just a silly thought, sorry."

"Why don't you try it?"

"What?"

"Well, don't hit me or anything, but just see if you could push me away."

Lisa unwrapped her legs and tried to get them into a position when she could use her feet to push Matt's legs away.  At the same time she began using her arms to push 
at his chest and shoulders.  "You have to try to stop me," she pointed out when she realised he was letting her do it.  "Otherwise I'll just win."

"You'll win will you?" Matt said in a jokey tone as he tried to arrange himself to fight back.  He began trying to move his legs into the right 
position but Lisa had a head start and was managing to push him away slightly, and she was twisting her torso to try and roll out from under Matt 
while she pushed him to the other side.

"Yep I'm going to win.  No more sex for you," Lisa admonished him between heavy breaths.  Becoming worried that his prick may get damaged in all this, 
Matt struggled harder and got his legs on top of hers and used his weight to hold her down.  He grabbed her hands that were pushing at him and slammed 
them onto the bed, pinning them down to help stop her twisting underneath him.

"See," Matt said, and thrust hard into her. "I... win," he said, thrusting after each word.  Lisa moaned loudly, with more emotion that Matt had heard 
from her before during sex, a deep primal moan.  "You can't get away," he continued as he thrust, and Lisa kept moaning and groaning.  He knew she 
was getting close now.  "You're all mine now," he said as he continued fucking Lisa, while he held her firm against the bed.  "Nothing you can do 
about it," he added.  He pistoned in and out a few more times and she came with a long squeal, even as Matt finished himself off with some final 
hard thrusts.

Matt withdrew and straight away Lisa scrambled for her pyjamas as he tugged off the condom and tied it up - an acquired skill to be able to do it in 
the dark.  Matt put his own pyjamas back on and then they lay on the bed.

"Hold me," Lisa said, and Matt snuggled up to her, spooning her until they both fell asleep.

* * *

Once Matt had found something new that Lisa liked, he tried to put it into practise whenever he could.  It became a game of sorts, Lisa made a 
play of resisting each time until Matt held her down.  It certainly made Lisa come sooner.  A month or so later, Matt was staying at Lisa's again, on 
the Friday night before the carnival.  The carnival was the highlight of the year in their town, and Matt and Lisa would of course be attending 
together.

They had now had "pin-down" sex, as Matt liked to think of it, five or six times.  Matt found that he was beginning to enjoy it more than normal sex, 
although not as much as Lisa.  Matt turned out the light and then rolled over and slipped his hand under the hem of Lisa's pyjama top, the usual beginning of their intimacy.

"Not tonight," Lisa told him.  "I'm too tired. Maybe on Monday, after the carnival's out of the way."

"Normally, you aren't able to resist me anyway," Matt said.  He'd meant it to sound tempting, but too much of his annoyance showed through and so it 
sounded churlish instead.

"Well, not tonight," Lisa answered, annoyed at Matt trying to take advantage of his newfound sexual trick, and slightly angry at herself that she 
enjoyed it, which made him right.  "You don't own me," she added spitefully.  They were both silent for a moment.

"Sorry," Matt offered.  "I didn't mean it like that.  I was just trying to tease you, it was silly."

"That's ok," Lisa said, and they kissed.  "Besides, you can't hold me down during all the foreplay can you?"  She laughed softly, to show that she was 
teasing him.  She rolled away from him, to try to settle down to sleep.

"I'm sure I could find something to tie you down with instead," Matt said in reply and realised that it was in fact a good idea.

"Like what?" Lisa said, trying to not be rude but wanting to sleep rather than chat.

"The cord from our dressing gowns," Matt said, and he leaned over the side of the bed to feel for his gown.  Lisa ignored him while he fumbled for a 
while.  Matt finally found his gown, pulled out the cord and tied it into a simple knot around the bedpost by his head.  Then he knelt on the bed 
beside Lisa, out of the way.

"Give me your hand," he told her.  Lisa sighed, and rolled onto her back, holding her arm out for him to find in the dark.  She knew that she would 
not get any sleep until he had finished showing whatever it was he wanted to show her.  Matt gently moved her arm into position, and tied the cord 
around her wrist so that it was held next to the post.  The large amount of extra cord dangled freely down the side of the bed.  Matt got up and 
gingerly walked around to the other side of the bed where Lisa's dressing gown hung, and he pulled the cord out of that.  He repeated his trick on the 
other side of the bed, tying Lisa's other wrist to the post by him, very pleased that he was managing all this in the dark.  He bound Lisa's wrists so 
that it would not hurt, but she would not be able to wriggle out of the ties.

"Happy now?" Lisa asked wearily.  "You've shown that you could tie me up."

"Shhhhh," Matt said as he clambered back on to the bed.  "People who are tied up don't get any say in things."  When he said that, Lisa's heart began 
beating a little faster.  Matt straddled her waist and kissed her.

"What do you mean?" Lisa asked.

"I get to do what I want now," Matt said, smiling in the dark.

"Such as?" Lisa asked, getting a little nervous.  Suddenly she was much more awake.

"Turning on the light," Matt said, and he leaned over to turn on the bedside light.  Lisa quickly shut her eyes as the light went on.  Even through 
her eyelids she could see the red glow of the light.

"Can you turn it off now?" Lisa asked, her eyes scrunched up.

"I'll decide when it's turned off," Matt said self-importantly.

"Well as long as it's on," Lisa said with an air of resignation, "can I least have that sleeping mask in my drawer to keep the light out?"

"Ok," Matt said, and he reached for the sleeping mask.

"You'll have to put it on for me," Lisa said as she lifted her head from the bed.  Matt slid the sleeping mask on, and everything went nice and dark 
again for 
Lisa.  "Now what?" she asked, with mixed emotions of annoyance, tiredness and slight unease.  She felt his fingertips on her sternum and then felt her 
pyjama top slip away to each side as he undid a button.  She waited, her heart beating quicker, until Matt undid another button.  "Don't," she said 
weakly, 
almost a whisper.  She did not know whether he heard her half-hearted protest, but he unbuttoned the next button down, the one between her breasts.  
She 
squirmed subtly, 
feeling very awkward as he continued undoing all the remaining buttons.  She felt the two sides of her top being tugged away, leaving her chest 
totally bare.  Her heart was pounding now as she imagined Matt staring down at her.

Matt looked down in wonder.  Lisa had always made him keep the lights off whenever she was undressed, so paranoid was she about him seeing her body.  
But now, for the first time, he gazed upon her beautiful breasts and cute stomach, and wondered why she had gone to such efforts.

"You're beautiful," he said honestly.  He stroked the outer curve of her right breast with his hand, marvelling at the sight of the orbs that he had 
caressed in the dark so many times before.  "Really beautiful," he added.  Lisa moved her head up slightly and he bent over to meet her lips with 
his, kissing deeply, her tongue shooting out to enter his mouth in a passionate exploration.

When they finished kissing, Matt shifted backwards so that he was sat between her legs.  He ran his hands slowly down Lisa's sides and stopped when 
they were on her waist, his thumb and fingers spread wide apart, resting on the waistband of her trousers.  Lisa's heart continued to pound inside her 
chest.  She knew what he was about to do, and knew that with a word, she could stop him, but she said nothing.  She waited.

Matt tucked his fingers inside Lisa's waistband and slowly pulled down her trousers.  He tugged them free of where her bottom lay on them, and then 
drew them down her legs, moving backwards as he did so until he was standing at the edge of the bed, holding her trousers in her hand.  He dropped 
them as he gazed on the sight in front of him.  Her legs were as beautiful as the rest of her body but his eyes were inevitably fixed on her groin.

She had a thick bush of pubic hair, which looked much fuller in the light than it felt in the dark.  It was black, or possibly dark-brown, and 
obscured all the detail of 
the delights that lay beneath it.  Matt sat down on the bed between her legs again and eased the tips of his thumbs between her labia before slowly 
prising them apart.  The inside was a complex mess of folds of skin that looked more detailed than it had felt to his blind finger and tongue.

"Does it look strange?" Lisa asked uneasily, feeling very vulnerable.  She was tied up, blindfolded, and forced to wait while her boyfriend inspected 
her most private region in the seemingly clinical manner of a gynaecologist.

"No, it's fine.  Perfect."  Matt took his hands away, and then picked up her thighs and lifted them up without any resistance from her.  He pushed 
them up over 
her body until he could see her bottom.  He saw Lisa's tiny perfect asshole, with its wrinkled and very slightly discoloured surroundings.  He noticed 
that it was only an inch or two from the bottom of her vagina; much nearer than he had imagined, even having seen some naked women on his computer 
before.

"What are you doing?" Lisa asked.  She was becoming more anxious now that she had fully realised her helpless predicament, with no idea of what Matt 
would do.

"Nothing," Matt said as he let her legs back down.  He shifted to lie with his head between her legs, and began kissing the springy hair in front of 
his face.   Once he had parted her lips with his fingers and began lashing his tongue around her clitoris, Lisa finally start to relax.  This was 
familiar and very enjoyable territory.

Rather than the usual darkness, Matt's view was filled with pubic hair and the sight of Lisa's twin mounds collapsed onto her chest.  She seemed 
to be 
getting wetter much more quickly than usual.  When Matt paused to catch his breath, he could see her juices running down from her vagina to between 
her buttocks.  When he bowed his head again to resume licking, he casually placed his spare hand against her buttocks.  As he continued licking, he 
extended his finger outwards.

Lisa shifted her weight slightly.  Matt had just accidentally placed his finger on her asshole.  It felt quite strange but she did not bother to say 
anything.

Matt's finger was sticky with Lisa's natural lubricant, and he could feel the ridged skin of her hole beneath his finger-tip.  His heart pounded as he 
waited to see if Lisa would protest to the presence of his finger.  When she said nothing, he pushed forwards until suddenly his finger was inside 
her.  It was warm and tight - incredibly tight.  He could feel all her muscles straining against his finger to push it out, and his dick swelled, as 
if the muscles were pressing on his prick instead.

Lisa gasped as his finger slid inside her ass.  It was a weird feeling, and not pleasant.  It was an intruder in a place that it should not be, and 
where nothing foreign had ever been before.  She could feel herself straining to push out the finger but it was to no avail.  Lisa tried to ignore the 
strange sensation and concentrate instead on Matt's tonguing, which had not let up the entire time.  She would complain about his finger after her 
climax, which had not been far away.

Lisa definitely seemed more subdued in her pleasure after Matt had inserted his finger but he was determined to try to make her come without removing 
it, no matter how long it took.  Lisa felt in turmoil - part of her body was receiving a lot of pleasure, but another part was very uncomfortable and 
ill-at-ease.  Slowly the pleasure began to take over, and she began to moan and buck her hips as her long-overdue climax began building.  Her ass was 
squeezing tightly, and suddenly it felt sort of good, like the feeling she got when Matt was fucking her vagina when she came, a similar fullness... 
and stretched sensation... ohhhh...

Lisa came loudly, almost shouting as she finally achieved her release, the pleasure heightened by many factors - the blindfold, the binds on her 
wrists, and the finger in her ass.  Matt was shocked at how loud Lisa was and how much she seemed to be enjoying the predicament he had placed her in.  
As she lay still, her chest heaving as she recovered her breath, he pulled out his finger and wiped his hands on a tissue before freeing her 
wrists, and handed her pyjamas to her before turning off the light and getting into bed.

"That," Lisa said, "was very naughty of you."  Matt wondered if she meant the tying up, the lights or the finger but decided not to ask.  She moved 
over to snuggle Matt and in the dark, under the covers, her hand bumped against his unreleased erection.  "I see you enjoyed that too then."  She 
slipped her hand inside his waistband and took hold of his cock.  "Didn't you?" she asked huskily as she began to stroke him.

"Yes."

"Are you thinking about it right now?" she asked as she continued to stroke.

"Yes."

"Good," said Lisa, reaching for a bundle of tissues from the bedside table with her spare hand.  "I want you to come, thinking of me naked."  She held 
the tissues against the head of Matt's dick while she pumped hard.  It did not take much time, and Matt came long and hard into the tissues, groaning 
as he finally achieved release, picturing her beautiful uncovered body in his mind.  Lisa disposed of the tissues and they both settled down to 
sleep, totally exhausted.







Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Three: Fantasies Fulfilled
Oliver discovers that Ruby shares his passion for bondage and sets out to convince her to try it with him


A few weeks earlier, just after the original sex education lesson:

"So what was your sex ed. like today?" Oliver asked Joanna as they sat in her room.

"Pretty dull.  Lots of wear-a-condom lectures, don't-get-raped and so on, then we were just meant to sit and talk about sex with the other girls."

"So what did you talk about exactly?" Oliver asking, wondering what a group of girls would say about sex with no guys around.

"This and that.  You just want some sordid details from the other girls don't you?" Joanna asked, her eyes narrowing.

"Yep," Oliver replied with a grin.  Joanna laughed at his audacity.

"I'm not sure there's too much I can reveal.  A fair bit of complaining about men, to be honest.  Leah let slip that she really likes giving head.  
Her boyfriend is probably pretty pleased about that one!  Paula said that she likes seeing guys wanking.  Oh, and I get the impression that Ruby is pretty kinky.  And slightly desperate to find a 
guy, to be honest.  She also hinted that she had quite a porn collection, I reckon she spends a lot of solo time, if you know what I mean."

"What kind of kinky?" Oliver asked.

"All sorts.  I get the impression that she's looking for a guy to really take charge, you know?  Maybe tie her down and have his way, in whatever 
other strange fantasies she has.  You always have to watch the quiet ones, they'll be the weirdest."

"Why do you sound so disapproving?" Oliver queried.

"Well, I mean each to their own and all that, but it's still odd.  You wouldn't catch me doing anything like that, whips and chains and so on."

"I don't think it would actually involve whips and chains," Oliver pointed out.

"Yeah, but you know what I mean."

* * *

That night in bed, Oliver could not stop thinking about Ruby.  The idea of a real girl who wanted to be tied up and surrender control entirely to her 
man was like a dream come true.  It was definitely not something Joanna would ever conceive of doing.  Oliver did not find Ruby particularly 
attractive - she was not ugly, she was vaguely pretty and large-chested (something Joanna lacked and that appealed to Oliver), but that was because 
she had a large figure.  She was always so quiet when Oliver had seen her that he did not know much about her beyond whatever Joanna 
had mentioned.

Oliver was definitely curious to find out more about her and her apparent secret passions.   He could not really just ask her outright.  
Joanna had mentioned that she had a porn collection, which was probably hidden in her room or on her computer.  If Oliver could be alone in her room, 
he could surely find out what he wanted.  He began forming a plan.

* * *

"Hi Ruby," Oliver said when he approached her at lunch a few days later.  She was as he had remembered - a roundish, full face with a small nose.  
She had short brown hair that curled to a stop at the top of her neck and slim modern glasses.

"Hi Oliver," Ruby said as she looked up.  Oliver was quite a handsome friendly guy, and would be considered quite a catch.  Ruby had been interested 
in him until he had started going out with her friend Joanna.  He had a slightly tall face, with a well-defined jaw line, and he had brown hair gelled 
into fashionable spikes.  He had never seemed to notice Ruby much before, so it was a surprise that he had come over to where she was sat at lunch.

"I was having trouble with our Chemistry coursework and I was wondering whether you could help me."

"Yeah I can help you.  Did you want to do it in the library?"

"I thought maybe I could come over to your house or something?" Oliver suggested.  Ruby's eyes lit up almost imperceptibly.

"With Joanna?" she asked.

"No, just me."  Ruby smiled; she had never had a boy back to her house by himself before.  Even if he wasn't interested in her, she was still pleased 
at the prospect.

"Ok," she said, trying to play it cool, "I'll see you this evening then?"

* * *

After school Ruby hurried home to start preparing.  She moved a lot of her stuffed toys into her sister's 
room - her sister was at university for the 
term - and put on some of her sister's perfume.  She changed into some fairly new underwear - just in case, she decided - and wore clothes that looked 
good, but did not look like she had tried too hard.

Oliver arrived at seven and they began working through the homework.  Ruby was concentrating hard on trying to make a good impression, and Oliver was 
concentrating on trying to surreptitiously look around the room for possible hiding places for pornography, but there were very few.  The room had lilac 
painted-walls, with a single bed and a wardrobe to one side.  On the other side was the long desk that they were working at, with a computer on one 
end and some cupboards and drawers underneath the desk as well as shelves above.  Neither of them were very focused on the work.

When Ruby excused 
herself to go to the toilet, Oliver quickly moved over to her computer - which thankfully was on.  He initiated a search for picture and video files, 
then hid the window from view and left it searching as he took a quick look in the cupboards, wardrobe and under the bed.  He did not find anything 
immediately, and sat back down at the desk as he heard Ruby return from the bathroom.

A short while later, Oliver asked for a cup of tea.  He did not really like the drink, but it would take a few minutes to make.  Ruby happily agreed 
to make him some tea.  As soon as she left the room, he went to the PC to see the results of the search.  Bingo, he thought (and almost said out 
loud).  In one place on Ruby's computer was a neatly organised structure of video files, all with pornographic descriptions on them.  Oliver turned off 
the speakers and began scanning through the videos, playing them and quickly jumping forward through them.  He was shocked and delighted by what he 
found.

The videos all seemed to have the common theme of men dominating women.  In most the woman (or women) was tied up (often in some heavy-duty bondage 
gear).  The 
women were variously forced into sex, caned, spanked, tortured with various nipple clamps and clothespins.  Oliver did not have time to look through 
them 
all, but he could easily see what Ruby was interested in.  He opened up her web browser and looked at the history - sure enough, some of the sites in 
there were also pornographic, with similar content to her videos.  He heard footsteps on the stairs and quickly closed all the things on the computer.  
He started thinking of a plan as Ruby entered the room with a hot cup of tea.

"Can I look something up for this on the Internet quickly?" Oliver asked a few minutes later.

"Sure," Ruby said, none the wiser.

"Thanks."  Oliver went to the PC and opened up the web browser again.  He made a play of accidentally opening up the history.  Ruby saw some of the 
links in the history, recognised her own secret browsing habits, and panicked.

"Erm, close that down," she said urgently, trying to keep calm and hoping desperately that Oliver had not noticed some of the titles.  Oliver made it 
look as though as he was trying to close it as he appeared to accidentally click one of the links.  Suddenly the screen was filled with images of 
tied-up women, some being raped (or so the website claimed) and some with obvious cane marks on them.

"I don't know where that came from," Ruby said lamely, her face flushing deep-red with embarrassment.  She wished for all the world that the ground 
could swallow her up.  Oliver would know that she browsed the web for this serious sort of domination and bondage.  Then surely Joanna would know, and 
eventually the whole school would know, and Ruby's parents might find out, and her life would be ruined.

"It was in your history," Oliver pointed out plainly, and Ruby felt for all the world that she was going to burst into tears.  "It's ok," Oliver 
added, noticing her distress.  He took her hand in his and squeezed it reassuringly.

"Really?" Ruby asked.

"Really," Oliver confirmed.  "Come here, give me a hug, it's ok."  Ruby embraced Oliver and wiped a wayward tear from her cheek.  Oliver felt a pang 
of guilt, but otherwise his plan was progressing nicely.  "Can you keep a secret?" he asked her when they released each other.

"Yeah, what's that?" Ruby said.

"You can't tell anyone, not even Joanna," Oliver warned.  Ruby instantly became more curious.  What secret could Oliver be willing to tell her but not 
even his own girlfriend?

"I promise," she said sternly.

"I actually quite like this sort of thing too," Oliver confided truthfully, gesturing at the screen.

"Being tied up?"

"No, the idea of doing the tying up - tying up women, and, well, taking control."

"Oh right.  Oh," Ruby said.  This was progressing from a nightmare into a bizarre situation.  "And Joanna doesn't know?"

"No, she'd never do anything like that, she's far too uptight," Oliver said, trying to subtly compliment Ruby's tastes.  "So this can be our little 
secret then?  I'll never tell anyone you like it, and you never tell anyone that I like it."

"Yep, ok," Ruby said, relief washing over her.

"In fact," Oliver continued, "do you have any videos of this sort of thing?  I have a lot of pictures but not much video.  Maybe we could swap some 
stuff or something?"

Ruby was stunned for a second.  This was becoming unreal.  This attractive guy was into the same thing as her, and wanted to exchange porn behind his 
girlfriend's back.  Ruby wasn't sure what to think.  "Erm, sure," she said.

"Cool.  Shall we get back to the work?" Oliver suggested.  Both of them did so, but with their minds totally occupied by what had just happened.  
Nothing more was said about it during the remainder of the evening.  When it came time for Oliver to leave, he leaned over and gave her a peck on the 
cheek.

"Thank you for your help," Oliver said as Ruby smiled.  "I like your perfume," he added as he got up to leave.

Later that night, Ruby lay in bed thinking of that kiss, trying to work out if Oliver was possibly interested in her or not.

* * *

The next evening Ruby found a message in her inbox from Oliver.  As he had promised, it had photos attached of various bound-and-fucked women.  The 
text of the email was short:


Hi Ruby,

I'm sending the photos like I said I would.  If you have any vids that would be cool.  If you let me know what you like exactly then I can try and 
find some suitable pictures for you, and I'm quite interested anyway.  I don't get to talk to anyone else about this sort of thing so having 
you around is good.

Oliver.

PS I've been thinking about you a lot today!


Ruby read and re-read the message a few times, dissecting its minimal content.  So her and Oliver were friends, they now had a common (naughty) 
connection and he seemed to be sending positive vibes.  He was still going out with Joanna, but Ruby could still have something going with him, 
even if it was just emails.  She sat and carefully composed a reply:


Hi Oliver,

I've put a video on the email for you.  If you let me know what you like, then I can find the right one for you too.

As to what I like: I particularly like the woman being tied up.  Sex while they're tied up is good but seems to be rare in pictures.  Spanking is 
good, caning and whipping less so.  Nipple and pussy clamps are not bad.  I do sort of like the idea of women being ordered around but you can't really see that on a 
picture!  That's more a thing for stories - do you like reading erotic stories?

Ruby.

PS I thought about you as well.


Ruby re-read the email and decided to send it before she began trying to make changes.  No point thinking too much about it, she told herself.  Ruby 
tried to get on with some schoolwork but she could not stop wondering whether she had a reply.  She ended up checking her email every two minutes to 
see if anything had come back from Oliver.  In the end she did not receive another email until the next day:


Hi Ruby,

I've added more pics for you.  I also like the idea of tying a woman up and having sex with her.  I like the idea of making her do whatever I want.  I 
haven't read many stories.  Since you like the idea of being ordered around, here is my order for you: write me a short erotic story of something that 
you'd enjoy.  I expect it in two days at most. 

Oliver.


Ruby read the email and then slid her fingers into her knickers.  She could feel her own wetness already coating the inside of her vagina and she 
began fingering her clit as she read the email again, imagining Oliver sat there behind her, ordering her to write the story, and kissing her on the 
cheek when she did well.  Afterwards he would tie her up and then it would be his finger on her clit, teasing her.  Ruby masturbated until she came, 
and then began thinking about her story.

Over the next two days Ruby carefully wrote her story.  Each night she had a sexual dream involving Oliver.  She wrote a story about a woman being 
tied up by her boyfriend and spanked and then fucked 
from behind while he fingered her clit.  She sent it off to Oliver and awaited his reply, which came the same evening:


Ruby,

Wow!  Really great story, left me very horny I have to say!  I'm guessing you would have liked to be the woman in the story and I certainly would 
have liked to be the guy!  We should get together again some time - are your parents out any time soon?

Oliver.


Ruby's heart was pounding as she read it.  What was he implying with that last sentence?  Surely he couldn't be thinking what Ruby was thinking?


Oliver,

I'm glad you liked the story.  My parents are out at the theatre in the evening, in three day's time on Monday.  After that, they are unlikely to be 
out again until the carnival, but I'm guessing you'll be going to that.  What do you mean get together - to talk about things?

Ruby.

PS I had a sexual dream last night, and you were in it.  Thought you'd like to know.


Ruby stared at the last line, debating whether to delete it or not - whether it made the email seem too forward.  She impulsively clicked send and 
then regretted it.  What if he wasn't interested; he was going out with Joanna after all?  The email back was thirty agonising minutes later.


Ruby,

On Monday I will come round to your house at eight.  I will tie you up.  After that you get no say in matters, except to use 
your safe-word (pineapple), which would finish off the evening.  Tomorrow, as confirmation that you accept this, I expect you to send me a list of 
things that are completely forbidden for me to do to you.  Bear in mind that I could do anything I want to you, and if it's not on the list then I 
might well do it.  I expect you showered and smartly presented.

Oliver.


Ruby stared at the message.  In a way, it was her ultimate fantasy, and yet it was also sort of scary.  She did not have to do it - she could simply 
let things drop.  But this was what she had secretly hoped for - that Oliver would dominate her.  Ruby decided that she may as well write the list - 
she could always not send it once she'd written it.

Ruby started listing some things.  She did not want to lose her virginity yet so full-on sex was out.  In fact, she did not want Oliver to see her 
horrible body at all.  She would not know what to do with Oliver's bits if she was presented with them, so that was out too.  She did not want to 
leave her room at all, that was worth mentioning.  Then she began to worry - what if he brought a friend with him?  She doubted it, but she listed 
that too.  She did not want to try any painful things just yet either.  She kept listing things she was paranoid about.  When she had finished, she 
looked at her list:


No sex
No inserting anything into my actual vagina
No coming on my vagina
No undressing me
No blow-jobs
No hand-jobs
No leaving my room
No other people involved
No spanking
No caning
No whipping
No painful toys (e.g. clamps)
No painful or uncomfortable bondage
No blindfolding me
You must go before my parents get home
Do not take any photos or similar
No taunting or insults as part of the domination


The list was very thorough, she realised.  In fact, there was little left that Oliver was allowed to do - tie her up and kiss her?  If Ruby sent him 
this list he would probably not turn up, thinking she was amazingly frigid.  She began adjusting it, trying to cut out as much as possible:


No sex or inserting anything into my actual vagina
No coming in my mouth or on my vagina
No leaving my room
No other people involved
No whipping
No painful toys (e.g. clamps)
No painful or uncomfortable bondage
No blindfolding me
You must go before my parents get home
Do not take any photos or similar
No taunting or insults as part of the domination


That list looked much more acceptable.  Some reasonable restrictions, including no sex.  Ruby could probably live with the things she had removed, and 
she always had her safe-word if it turned out she did not like them.  The question now was whether to send it or not.  Ruby began composing the email 
for if she did send it - in the end it was simply the list plus a quick note to say that she was excited but nervous.  Ruby hovered over the send 
button, debating whether or not to send it.  Then her finger slipped, clicked the mouse button, and the email was gone.

She was aghast - should she immediately send an email and say that she was still deciding.  No - that would make her look like she was not 
interested.  She probably would have sent it anyway, right?

Oliver looked at the list in the email.  It seemed quite reasonable - sex would feel too much like cheating on Joanna anyway.  As it was, Oliver did 
not plan to do too much with Ruby that he considered was out of order.  It was only going to be playing around with a friend a bit, nothing serious.  
Foreplay was not really cheating anyway, he decided.

* * *

By the time Oliver arrived at Ruby's house, she had already spent two hours preparing.  Her bedroom was again prepared for Oliver, she was wearing her 
very best underwear, smart clothes that would also be easy to remove.  She had showered, washed and conditioned her hair, shaved her legs and put on 
some perfume.

Ruby led Oliver up to her bedroom with a mumbled "come on up,"; neither of them really sure what to say.  
They both sat down on her bed.  An awkward silence followed.  Ruby could feel her stomach churning with nervousness and anticipation.  Oliver reached 
into his back pocket and pulled out a pair of metal handcuffs.  Ruby smiled and put her hands behind her back as Oliver carefully put the cuffs on 
her.  He took hold of her torso and forcefully guided her to lie down on her back.  Ruby shifted so that the handcuffs were not digging into her back.

Ruby's heart was thumping as Oliver began awkwardly sliding her skirt up her prone legs.

"Are you cold?" he asked her, noticing that her legs were shaking.

"No," Ruby admitted, "just nervous."

"Oh," Oliver said.  He was excited and slightly apprehensive but he now realised that it must be worse for Ruby.  "There's no need to be nervous," he 
told her, and he moved up the bed to touch her face reassuringly.  His hand wandered sideways and began stroking her hair as he smiled at her.  
Impulsively he leaned down and kissed her forehead.  Ruby inclined her neck slightly and Oliver recognised her want and kissed her on the lips.  It 
was not Ruby's first kiss - although still a virgin she had at least kissed many boys before.  Oliver was fairly average in that department as far as 
she was concerned.

"Do you still want to do this?" Oliver checked.

"Do I have a choice?" Ruby asked with a devilish smile.

"Nope," Oliver replied with a wink.  Ruby bent her legs, raising her knees into the air.  Oliver slid her skirt easily downwards, letting it spill 
over her chest and to the side, leaving her legs like two over-long stamen amid the petals of her skirt.  Her thighs were round rather than slender, 
with smooth milky-white skin that contrasted with her black panties.  Oliver placed his hands around the inside of Ruby's ankles so that his thumb was 
stretched away from the rest of his fingers and then ran his hands up her calves to her knees and back down her thighs to her crotch, leaving his 
thumbs resting on her buttocks and his fingers on the top of her thighs.  He slowly slid his hands outwards and upwards until his fingers were on the 
waistband of her knickers at her hips.  He hooked his fingers inside the waistband and paused momentarily.

Ruby's pulse was racing.  A man was about to pull down her underwear and become the first person to ever see her sex, while she was tied up and unable 
to stop him.  She was more aroused than she had ever been before in her life.

Oliver tugged at her underwear and yanked it from underneath her bum, then pulled it all the way down her legs, the panties pulling her legs together 
as they slide down.    
Oliver eased her legs apart again and grinned as he gazed at the triangle of wild, curling dark brown hair.  He shuffled closer and noticed the drops 
of moisture clinging to the hairs in the centre.

"I see someone's wet," he noted as he ran his finger lightly down the middle of her pubic bush.  Ruby reddened at the betrayal by her body, and the 
thought that 
this man was able to know more about how wet Ruby was than she did - she had no idea she was so wet until she felt his finger brushing her damp 
labia.  Oliver eased his thumbs between her labia and pulled them wide apart.

Ruby felt vulnerable, her private parts fully exposed for him to inspect.  Oliver spent a few seconds admiring her dusky red clitoris and inner labia.  
"Is it... normal?" Ruby asked, worried at how long Oliver was waiting while looking at her genitalia.

"Yes, of course.  Am I the first guy to ever touch you down here?" Oliver asked.

"Ummm-hmmm," Ruby answered affirmatively, and Oliver's dick swelled.  There was something indefinably, primitively attractive about the thought of 
sexual intimacy with a virgin.  He had a sudden urge to lick her juices and decided to give her head instead of using his fingers as he had planned.  
It was something Oliver sometimes felt in the mood for but largely tried to avoid with Joanna if she was not too insistent about it.

He dipped his head fully between her thighs, extended his tongue and ran it up the inside of both of her labia in turn.  Then he began gently lapping 
at her clitoris, like a kitten at a tray of milk.

The feeling of Oliver's tongue on Ruby's clitoris was electric.  She instantly understood what Lisa had meant many days earlier when she had talked 
about 
how great it was.  Ruby instinctively moaned out loud and then felt embarrassed - she had never done so when masturbating on her own.  This was the 
stuff of her dreams, Ruby thought to herself; tied up by a handsome man while he licked away between her legs.

Had his mouth not been wide open to allow his tongue free movement, Oliver would have smiled when he heard Ruby's moan.  He began licking faster to 
try to induce more of the same.  It worked and Ruby was soon moaning uninterrupted and unabashed - it was so pleasurable that she was distracted from 
all thoughts of propriety and decorum that had made her initially try to contain her expressions of enjoyment.  Ruby's groaning quickly became more 
insistent and Oliver realised that she was already close to her climax, after only a few minutes.  In contrast, Joanna usually took half an hour or 
longer.

Ruby came with a shuddering moan that suggested her vocal chords were shaking as much as her legs were as her body hummed to the tune of her orgasm.  
Oliver pulled his head away and crawled up the bed to kiss Ruby, enjoying the thought of her juices that surrounded his mouth transferring to surround 
her own lips, his drying tongue that tasted of her seeking out her own soft tongue in the entwining of their mouths.  Ruby was too caught up in her 
post-orgasmic bliss to even notice such things.

"Thank you," Ruby said when Oliver pulled away slightly, her moist lips forming a smile, a definite gleam in her eye.

"It's not over yet," Oliver pointed out as he knelt on the bed.  "You're still mine," he said as he briefly caressed her chin.  Ruby felt a spike of 
fear and worry, tempered by arousal at the thought of being powerless to resist whatever he had in mind.  "Sit up," he told her as he pushed her skirt 
back down over her legs.  Ruby did so, and grimaced at the unpleasant damp patch on her skirt that she could feel beneath her ass.  "Move up so 
your back's against this," he told her as he began to put pillows against the headboard of her bed.  Ruby shuffled awkwardly up the bed until she was 
sat leaning against the headboard that was almost flush against the wall.

Ruby could only watch as Oliver unzipped his trousers and pulled down his boxer shorts, revealing his hard cock.  In proportion to his body it seemed 
a normal size, based on what Ruby had seen in porn, but in the flesh it looked positively huge.  Ruby wondered how her vagina would ever be able to 
accommodate something of that size.  Oliver moved to stand in front of her, his legs apart, planted either side of her thighs on the bed.  His cock 
was now only inches from Ruby's face and her mouth instinctively clamped shut as she began to suspect his intentions.

"Open wide," Oliver said.  Ruby did nothing.  "Open wide," he repeated. Ruby looked up at him, her mouth staying closed while her eyes pleaded with 
him.

"Ok, we can take it slow," Oliver said, annoyed but trying not to show it.  He had been looking forward to the next part of his plan for a while now.  
"Just suck on the head."

"I don't want to do it," Ruby complained, looking at the intimidating prick in front of her face.  She had thought that a blow-job would be fine for 
her to be made to do, but now that it actually came to it, she realised that she strongly did not want to be forced to do it.  She prepared to use her 
safe-word.

"Ok," Oliver said, and stood there for a few seconds, his dick wavering in the cool air as he considered what to do.  He knelt down and reached around 
Ruby to uncuff her hands.

"Are we stopping?" Ruby asked, feeling a mixture of relief, disappointment and shame.

"No, not yet," Oliver said as he pulled her hands in front of her and cuffed them together again.  "You're going to jerk me off instead," he informed 
her as 
he sat down and lay back on the bed, pulling his jumper upwards to reveal his bare chest.  Ruby rolled onto her knees and crawled next to him before 
taking his cock in both hands. She knew the basic motion from watching porn, and she began to pump his dick up and down with both hands, her handcuffs 
rattling as they were shaken up and down.

Oliver moaned softly.  The motion was slightly awkward but a hand-job was a hand-job, and it was fun to watch her struggle with his prick while both 
of her hands were cuffed together.  Ruby kept pumping away.  His cock did not seem nearly as intimidating now.  Eager to prove that she was not too 
scared of it, she bowed her head and kissed the head of his dick.  It was an easy thing to do and emboldened, she began kissing all over his cock.  
Oliver smiled; it was not particularly pleasurable, but it was good to see her getting to used to having her mouth near his dick.  She even began 
licking up the side of his prick.

"Good girl.  Now hands," Oliver said simply, becoming impatient to be finished off.  Ruby returned to masturbating him powerfully with both hands 
until he began 
moaning loudly and jets of come shot from his penis onto his chest.  Ruby had seen it on screen before but she was fascinated by the streams of semen 
arching through the air.  After Oliver had finished coming, Ruby held out her hands to be uncuffed and once free she fetched a wad of tissues for 
Oliver.  He cleaned himself up and redressed.  There was an awkward silence.

"I guess I'll be going now," Oliver ventured.

"Ok, yeah, that's fine," Ruby said, glad that he would leave.  It was close to becoming too overwhelming for one evening, she needed some time on her 
own to relax .  Oliver made his own way out and Ruby sat there for a while, stunned by all that had happened.  Then she realised that she was horny 
again and she began masturbating as she replayed the events of the evening in her mind.

To be continued.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Four: Carnival Fallout
Terrible events take place at the carnival.


The students arrived at school on the Monday morning after the carnival to find television crews stationed outside.  As Joanna walked past she heard 
the TV presenter recording her segment for the news programme.

"I stand now outside the school attended by all three of the girls that were attacked and raped over the weekend at the popular town carnival..."

Scarcely believing what she had heard, Joanna hurried up the steps into the school, where the whole place was buzzing with the news.  So far the 
victims were officially anonymous but everyone had their own guess.  However, the accepted set of guesses for the three victims contained at least 
twenty girls, all of whom attended the carnival.  Everyone was after all the details they could find, the more sordid the better, and the rumour-mill 
was working full-time to keep up with demand.  Random strangers, date-rapes, gang-rapes, lesbian rapes and lesbian gang-date-rapes by strangers were 
all put forward as possible scenarios.

By the end of the day, no-one knew any more hard facts than they had at the start of the day.  There were three victims, all raped on Saturday night, 
supposedly separate incidents.  Police were making enquiries around the school and the rest of the town as a whole, and were appealing for 
witnesses to come forward.

* * *

"The carnival thing was pretty terrible," Lisa said as she and Matt walked home from school together.

"Yeah," Matt agreed.

"It got me thinking, about what we did the other night and what we've been doing recently."

"You don't think of that as rape do you?" Matt asked, concerned.

"No, I don't.  I wanted you to do it, or at least the most recent time I was generally ok for you do it.  But I don't think I want to do things like 
that again."

"I would never do anything if you told me to stop," Matt said, still worried about what Lisa was thinking of him.

"No, I know you wouldn't.  But it's just, it's made me not want to do it, ok?"

"Ok, I understand," Matt said, trying hard not to show his disappointment.

* * *

"It makes me sick," Joanna ranted to Oliver as they sat in her room.  "Those evil guys - I hope they get caught and I hope they get punished!  It 
could have been anyone, it could have been me even."

"It could have," Oliver agreed.  In truth, he was not paying much attention; instead his thoughts had turned to Ruby.  After their first session a 
week or two earlier, they had exchanged a few emails.  Ruby had very sweetly apologised for refusing to give him a blow-job and had said that she 
would try to make sure it did not happen again.  Oliver had made a point of assuring her that she did not need to feel like that.  What he had not 
added was that he was actually very pleased by her attitude.  He already had an ambitious plan for their second session, which had been arranged for 
next week when Ruby's parents would be out again.  Oliver's philosophy was to try as much as he could as soon as he could.  Ruby may decide to stop 
seeing him at any time so he wanted to make sure that he tried everything he wanted at least once, within the confines of Ruby's list.

"It puts me off sex a bit, to be honest," Joanna said as Oliver started listening to her again.  Good job I have Ruby then, Oliver thought to himself 
and made a note to check that Ruby did not feel the same way as Joanna.

* * *
Ruby was relatively non-plussed by the whole furore.  It all seemed a world removed from her.  Oliver emailed her to check that their date next week 
was still on and she answered affirmatively.  She spent much of the next week leading up to their date training herself orally.

She watched a lot of porn with women being forced to give head.  It never occurred to her that what she was watching resembled in any way the attacks 
at the carnival; for her they were two totally separate things.  One was an horrific real-life attack, the other was play-acting between consenting 
adults.  She abhorred the former but enjoyed the latter, and was looking forward to copying it with Oliver.
She watched enough women being made to give head that the prospect was not as intimidating and began to seem totally normal.

She also spent time with a variety of vegetables, stolen from her mother's fridge.  First she tried sliding a carrot (large end first) into her mouth, 
getting used to the feeling of keeping her mouth open around something phallic that she was not allowed to press her teeth into.  After the carrot she 
tried a slim cucumber, which was more even in diameter, and got herself used to taking that in her mouth.  After that felt okay, she experimented with 
thrusting the cucumber in and out, slowly and quickly, imagining that it was Oliver's dick.

This process turned out to be quite arousing, and she ended up lying on her bed, using one hand to thrust the cucumber in and out of her mouth, 
picturing it as Oliver's dick, while she played with her clitoris using her finger, thinking of it to be Oliver's tongue, while imagining that she was 
tied down during this fantasy 69.

For a few moments during her masturbation, Ruby wondered if she dared insert the cucumber into her vagina.  Despite all that she had now done, that 
felt like a step too far, but not as far as it would have a few months earlier before she had becoming involved with Oliver.  Maybe one day, she would 
let Oliver penetrate her cunt, but not just yet.

* * *

"Did you hear?" Leah said breathlessly as she sat down next to Paula.  "Another girl has come forward to say she was attacked.  That's four now, in 
the one weekend.  Can you believe it?"

"Do we know who any of them are?" Paula asked.  She had been quite troubled by the series of attacks - it was quite possible that the attacker (or 
attackers) came from their school, a prospect which worried Paula greatly.

"No, loads of rumours but still no-one really knows who the girls are.  The police seem to think that it was four separate guys though!"  Leah leaned 
forwards conspiratorially and added: "I also heard that two of the girls had been drinking."

"So they were too drunk to stop the guys?" Paula suggested.

"Maybe.  Or maybe they were date-raped," Leah said.  "Either way, it's all pretty scary stuff."

"Yeah," Paula replied, looking worried.  She hoped that the guys who did it were caught soon.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Five: Miss X
Tim receives some photos (and more) from an anonymous source.


Tim opened up his locker and an envelope dropped out that he had not put in there.  The design of the lockers meant that it was quite easy to put pieces of 
paper or envelopes into other people's lockers while not allowing things to be removed.  Some girls used this feature to slip love letters or 
Valentine's cards into other boy's lockers, but Tim was not the sort of boy that had ever received such things.  He was interested in girls, but they 
were never interested in him.  He had come to accept this as a fact of his existence.  Until - perhaps - now.

Tim opened up the envelope and peeked inside.  There were a bunch of things that looked like Polaroid photographs and a 
letter.  Tim pulled out the photos and turned them over.  To his amazement they were pictures of a naked girl's body.  He flicked through the photos; 
her breasts, her shaven pussy, her legs, her ass; all of her naked body was documented in close-up except her head.  It looked like a young woman, 
around eighteen or so, presumably another student at the school.  The letter was printed:


Tim: Like my pictures?  Why not get in touch?  Add me to your contact list (id: missx9999) and send me a picture of you holding a piece of paper with 
"Miss X" written on it, then we can talk more.  Don't show them to anyone else - they're meant only for you!


Tim hurriedly put the photos and letter back in the envelope and then carefully stowed away the letter in an inside pocket in his bag.  Thankfully it 
was already the end of the day so he immediately went home, half-walking and half-jogging in his excitement.  As soon as he was inside his house, he took the envelope out of his bag and 
rushed to the bathroom, where he locked himself in.  He pulled a stream of toilet paper from the roll and unzipped his trousers before arraying the 
photos on a shelf in front of him, careful not to get any of them wet.  He began urgently masturbating as he looked at the pictures of the mystery 
girl's small almost-conical breasts with perky nipples, her rounded ass, her shaven beautiful pussy, her flat stomach, her slender legs.

Tim came into the tissues that he held at the end of his dick.  He flushed them away and carefully cleaned his hands before picking up the photographs 
and taking them back to his bedroom.  He began wondering who had sent him the photos, why they had sent them, and why they had picked him to be the 
recipient.  It was not as if he might have had any secret admirers or there was a girl who wanted to attract his attention.  Perhaps they had been put into the 
wrong locker, intended for a different Tim.  The only way he had of finding out was the instant messenger id in the letter.

Tim fetched his digital camera - a recent birthday present - and took a photograph of himself as instructed.  He went to his computer and added Miss X 
as a new contact, then sent her his photograph.  Their conversation went as follows:


Miss X: Thanks for the photo.  Just wanted to be sure you weren't some dirty old man that had managed to get hold of the photos, lol
Tim: Fair enough.  Really liked the photos - you are hot!
Miss X: Thanks :-)  Have you wanked while looking at them?
Tim: Yeah, twice already.  Who are you and how come you sent them to me?
Miss X: Who I am has got to stay secret.  You seemed like a nice guy who might appreciate the pics
Tim: Do I know you at school then? 
Miss X: That is also a secret!  So have you ever seen a naked girl in real life before?
Tim: No
Miss X: Would you like to?
Tim: Yeah, definitely!
Miss X: How would you see me naked, in your bedroom?
Tim: That would be amazing!


Tim's cock was hard and his heart was racing.  Was she serious?  Would she actually do it?  She did not answer for a little while and Tim began to 
worry that she was just trying to tease him.


Miss X: Here's the deal.  If you return the photos to me then one evening when your parents are out I will come round to your house and strip for you 
while you wank.  You won't be allowed to touch me.  In fact, with all these attacks recently (at the carnival) I'll have to make 
sure that you won't.  Does a visit sound good to you?
Tim: Yes!
Miss X: Good.  I'll be wearing a mask to hide my face and I won't speak while I'm there so that you can't recognise my voice.  You will get to speak 
to me though, to tell me what to do/what you want to see.  You just need to name the evening and also tell me if you're right or left-handed
Tim: Right-handed, why's that?  My parents are out in three days time
Miss X: Give me your address and I'll see you in three days
</tt

Tim hurriedly typed in the address of his house and sent it.  After that, Miss X said nothing more.  For the next three days Tim masturbated a lot; usually three 
times a day, each time with the photos either in front of him or perfectly pictured in his head.  On the actual day that Miss X had promised to visit 
he decided to hold off doing it any more in case he was too tired during her actual visit, either for the wanking that she seemed interested in or in 
case she decided that there was to be touching after all.

That evening, Tim waited by the window of his living room, reading the newspaper while glancing up every now and then to look down the long dark 
driveway (that extended for a good fifty metres at least) to see if he could catch sight of the approach of Miss X.  Ultimately he did not see 
anything, the light having faded quickly after the autumnal twilight and he was only alerted to her arrival by a ring of the doorbell.  Tim rushed to the 
door and opened it.

Standing in the dark was a short svelte figure dressed all in black.  She wore loose smart black trousers, black shoes that looked like standard 
school-wear and a satin-like black blouse that billowed slightly in the gentle breeze.  However, that was only a footnote in Tim's appraisal of 
the figure at the door; she wore a striking black Catwoman-esque mask that covered most of her head.  Small cat-like ear shapes atop the mask gave way to a 
black cotton dome that completely hid her hair and her real ears.  The bottom edge was at the top of her neck at the back, and slanted 
upwards to fall just under her nose at the front, a thin band of material running horizontally between the holes for her nostrils and her lips.
She had holes for her eyes, small enough to prevent her eyebrows being seen but not so small as to leave her looking freakish.  Attached to the mask 
were some fake whiskers on her cheeks.  The whole mask left her with a cartoonish visage yet a mysterious appeal.

"Come in," Tim said after he recovered from the initial shock.  Miss X smiled briefly at him as she stepped inside.  Tim realised that the mask not 
only covered her face but also all of her hair, leaving him with no idea of her hair colour.  His only clue as to her identity was her height and 
build.  Miss X stood in the hallway, looking patiently at him.

"This way," Tim said, remembering that she was not going to talk.  He led her up the stairs into his bedroom.  It had blue striped wallpaper that left 
the room feeling cold.  A shabby wardrobe was at the end of the single-size pine bed that was situated along the far wall of the room, just underneath 
the window.  Just inside the door was a desk with a computer on, underneath posters of science fiction films.  The floor was clear of the usual junk 
that would be on it; Tim had quickly shoved it all into a cupboard earlier this evening.

Tim drew the grey curtains across the window and sat on the bed while Miss X put down her bag; Tim had not even noticed that she was carrying one 
until now.  She gestured length-ways along the bed and Tim lay down.  She made a motion as if to undress herself and then pointed at Tim.

"Do I have to?" Tim asked, suddenly nervous about what she would think of him.  No girl had ever seen him naked before, or seen his thing - what if it 
was abnormal?  He took his clothes off until he was only left with his Y-fronts, which he now saw, with a great deal of embarrassment, were an 
unappealing green.  Realising that he could not look much worse without them, Tim slid them down his legs to reveal his cock, flaccid due to his onset 
of anxiousness.  Miss X smiled when she saw it.

Tim's body was not terrible, Miss X decided.  He was quite thin, too much so in her opinion.  His ribs and hip-bones were noticeable, and along with 
his slightly thin legs left him with an awkward gangly appearance.  His legs were pleasantly hairy however, as was his chest.  His cock was currently 
limp but looked decent enough.  He looked apprehensive and his expression turned to worry when she pulled the ropes out of her bag and wandered over 
to his feet.

"I'd prefer if I used them on you," Tim said in a jokey wavering tone that betrayed his anxiety.  Miss X looked up at him, smiled, and wagged her 
finger like a parody of a teacher telling him off.  She returned to tying Tim's ankles to the two bedposts at the end of his bed.  When she had 
finished, she pointed to his right hand, lying by his side, and then pointed at the headboard of the bed.  Tim moved his hand accordingly as she 
walked over with more rope.

"Hey," Tim said, drawing his hand back and tilting his head so that he could look at the girl behind him, "I said I was right-handed, not left."  Miss X 
nodded and pointed at his hand again, then at the bed-post where she stood to his right.  Tim reluctantly extended his arm again and let her tie his 
right-hand to the bedpost, leaving him with only his left-hand free.

Miss X looked at him, resisting the sudden impulse to tickle his prone form.  She could easily have tied up his other hand to prevent him stroking 
himself (or leaving her to take care of that) but that would spoil her plans.  She stood at the end of the bed next to the wardrobe, by Tim's feet, 
and he strained his neck to see her.  She frowned, the expression hidden by her cat-like mask.  She walked over to Tim's head and pushed 
pillows underneath his head to help him see the end of the bed better.

Miss X returned to the end of the bed and made a here-I-am gesture, as if she was modelling clothes for him.  She cocked her head and cupped her hand 
behind one of the fake cat ears on her mask.  Tim licked his parched lips and cleared his throat.

"Erm, take off your blouse," he said and Miss X looked down at her top as she carefully unbuttoned the shimmery black garment.  Tim's dick showed the 
first signs of life as he watched her remove the shirt to reveal her pert breasts, held in place by a black straight-edged bra.  "Shoes, socks and 
trousers," Tim said and Miss X began removing her footwear.  This was certainly odd, Tim decided - apart from the weirdness of this happening at all, 
and her being mute and wearing that odd mask - he was the one tied up, yet she was the one following his orders.  Tim watched as she let her trousers 
slide gently down her legs to the floor, revealing her soft-skinned thighs and at the top of them: black panties of a classic design that 
matched her bra.

Now clad in only her underwear and her mask, the mystery girl climbed onto the bed, perching on the wooden board at the bottom of the bed between 
Tim's restrained legs.  She looked hungrily at Tim's dick.

"Take off your bra," Tim said throatily.  Miss X reached behind her and in one easy motion unhooked her bra and let the straps fall from her 
shoulders.  Before her bra fell from her breasts she clasped her arms across her chest to hold it in place.  She turned her head slightly and winked 
at Tim before slowly sliding down one cup of the bra to reveal her red nipple beneath at the summit of her cream-skinned breast.  She then pulled the 
other side down to match and removed her bra, pushing her chest out.  Tim stared at her tits while she stared at his dick, which has now fully-erect.

"And your knickers," Tim said confidently.  His instinct was to grasp his cock with his right-hand, but it was tied next to his head.  Instead he 
moved his 
left-hand over and wrapped it around his member.  It almost felt as if someone else was doing it, so alien was the feeling.  He tried to get his hand 
into the correct position - never a problem with his right hand - and began awkwardly, slowly, stroking himself.

The eyes of Miss X were fixated on Tim's hand slowly sliding up and down his proud cock as she sat down on the bed, her legs together and drawn up to 
her chest.  She carefully slid down her knickers without hardly moving her legs, until she had taken off her knickers, her feet blocking 
Tim's view of her now-naked groin.  She slowly moved her feet apart until her legs were positioned awkwardly - her feet spread apart but her thighs 
still together, her knees partly twisted.

Tim began stroking faster, his eyes completely fixed on the small diamond-shaped gap that naturally occurred where a woman's legs met her buttocks, 
hidden behind which was her womanhood.  Miss X was still looking at his masturbation.  This was what she was doing it for - watching a man wanking 
eagerly at the sight of her naked body was the biggest turn-on she had ever experienced.  Him being tied-up also added a little spice to the 
proceedings she decided.  She slowly spread her thighs to reveal her completely bald pussy.

Tim was stroking faster now but Miss X held her hands out flat and pushed down in mid-air, making a slowing motion, until he slowed his strokes 
considerably and was almost toying with himself rather than stroking.  She gestured at herself and shrugged her shoulders.  Tim realised that she 
wanted him to tell her what to do/

"Spread yourself," Tim told her.  She put her hands on her abdomen and slid them down to her groin, where she used her fingers to pull her lips apart, 
revealing the inside of her pussy to Tim.  He stared at the pink insides, breathing more heavily.  "Finger yourself," he added.  She started 
rubbing her clitoris but he shook his head.  "Inside," he explained, and watched as her fingers crept slowly downwards before being curled back and 
slid slowly into her vagina.  Miss X was surprised at how wet she was but did not show it.  She slid her fingers in as far as she could.

"Take them out and lick them," Tim said, eagerly stroking, knowing that his climax was not far away.  Miss X was disgusted by the thought but she did 
not let herself show it.  Instead, she steeled herself and decided that if she was going to do it, she would do it as best she could.  She drew her 
fingers upwards while she opened her mouth and extended her tongue.  She made a show of licking her fingers in the open air before taking them 
completely in her mouth and pulling them out again slowly, as her lips cleaned off her remaining juices.

Tim groaned as he came, spurts of semen landing on his bare stomach as his body shook in its bonds.  Miss X smiled with satisfaction.

"Could you pass me some tissues, or free me?" Tim asked weakly.  Miss X got up and held up a finger to indicate that he should wait one moment.  She 
quickly redressed before freeing his hand.

"Thank you," Tim said genuinely, "for all of it."  Miss X nodded in acknowledgement, the whiskers on her mask wobbling in the air as she did so.  "Why 
do you do it?" Tim asked as he reached for the tissues beside the bed.  Miss X merely smiled and then waved at him.  She picked up her bag, quickly 
pushed into it the photos that were on Tim's desk, and walked out of his bedroom door.  She hurried downstairs and out of the door of the house, 
trying to give herself a good head-start in case Tim decided to follow her.  He would have to clean himself up, free his legs and redress first 
though, she knew.

Towards the bottom of the long dark driveway Miss X removed her mask and shook her head to encourage her hair back into its usual shape.  As she 
walked along she began thinking about who she might send the photographs to next; who would be the eighth lucky guy (Tim having been number seven)?  
She knew she should stop doing this, especially after the recent attacks, but she knew that she would not be able to resist.  She never felt so 
special or so attractive as when she was sat in front of a guy watching him stroke his dick because of her.  What more could a girl want, she wondered 
to herself as she set off home.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Six: Fantasies Over-fulfilled
Oliver and Ruby meet for a more ambitious second session.


While Ruby waited for Oliver to arrive she sat browsing the Internet.  More details had just been released about the attacks at the carnival, as part 
of an appeal for witnesses.  One girl had been attacked around 10pm by a man estimated to be in his forties.  Another girl had been date-raped at an 
unknown time between 11pm and 2am.  The other two girls had named their assailants; one had been attacked by her boyfriend in a rage after she had 
tried to split up with him and a different boy from the school had forced himself on another girl.

The doorbell rang and Ruby switched off the monitor as she bounded downstairs to open the door for Oliver.  They smiled at each other and hurried up 
to Ruby's bedroom with hormone-driven youthful impatience.

"How do you want me?" Ruby asked as she sat on the bed smiling.  This time she was wearing a jumper and jeans after Oliver had assured her in an email that 
she did not have to dress up every time; only the shower was mandatory.

"On all fours on the bed," Oliver told her.

"Ok," Ruby said, raising her eyebrows.  "Do you want me to take any clothes off first?"

"No, you're fine as you are," Oliver said.  Ruby quickly positioned herself on her hands and knees, her legs bent but her arms straight.  Oliver had 
brought some thin rope with him, borrowed from his dad's garage, and began tying Ruby's legs to the bedposts at the corners of the bed.  She shivered 
slightly with anticipation as she waited for him to bind her in place.  When he had finished with her legs he moved to her upper body.  "Bend your 
arms," he told her and she did so, causing her torso to end up almost horizontal rather than at a diagonal.  Oliver tied her hands in place.  Ruby was 
suddenly glad that Oliver had not yet undressed her as she imagined her stomach hanging down slightly beneath her, thankfully covered by her jumper.  
She was still afraid of what he might think once he saw her torso naked. 

"If I didn't plan to use your mouth I'd gag you," Oliver said impulsively.  Ruby felt a twinge of arousal in her loins in response, and realised that 
she was not sure if it was because of the idea of a gag or because of his plan to use her mouth.  She felt the bed sag behind her as Oliver knelt on 
the bed by her restrained feet.

Oliver reached around Ruby's waist and fumbled for the button of her jeans.  He yanked it open and then slid down the zipper beneath.  He pulled her 
jeans over her full buttocks, revealing the black panties beneath.  He moved her jeans down just enough to allow him decent access to her vagina and 
left them at that point.  Then he began slowly pulling down the waistband of Ruby's panties.  She felt her stomach tingle in anticipation as her
underwear was slowly inched down.

Oliver smiled at the sight of Ruby's round bottom.  Whereas Joanna, his girlfriend, had a small bottom, Ruby's was full and curvaceous, just as he 
liked them to be.  He began imagining what it would be like to have sex with her in this position, her bottom slapping against his abdomen.  One day, 
he would do just that, he decided.

Ruby felt her knickers stop when they reached her jeans.  She was still fully dressed except for two naughty zones; her bottom and her womanhood.  She 
felt like a harlot, and what was more - she liked the feeling.  Oliver pushed down on her back and she obeyed, sinking her head to the bed, leaving 
her bottom sticking up in the air for his delectation.

Oliver's plan had been to spank Ruby, something he knew she would enjoy.  However he now decided that it would be better if he had a reason to do it 
- to accuse her of being a naughty girl (just like men did in the porn that he knew she watched).  He seized upon his obvious disappointment last time 
in not getting a blow-job; something Ruby had promised him via email that she was very ready to do this time.

"Last time we met," Oliver said out loud, feeling a bit stupid, "you refused me - you were bad.  Weren't you?" he said, emphasising the question as 
his right hand swung down and slapped her right buttock.  Ruby was more shocked than anything else as his blow landed with a satisfying smacking 
sound.  "Weren't you?" he said again as his other hand landed on her derriere.

"Yes," Ruby said, playing along.  This was something she had only ever dreamt of.  It was very arousing; there was a certain electricity in the air 
between her and Oliver.

"A very bad girl," Oliver said more enthusiastically as he spanked her twice more with each hand, slightly harder this time.  It was slightly painful 
and Ruby knew that was unable to stop this man punishing her disobedience.  There was no part of that thought that did not turn her on.  "But this 
time you're going to be a good girl aren't you?" he continued.

"Yes," Ruby said, wondering whether to append "master" or "sir" or similar.

"Because I do pleasure you don't I?" Oliver asked, fully into the swing of things as he slipped his left hand between her legs and quickly located her 
clitoris with his middle finger, rubbing it.

"Yes," Ruby half-moaned as he began stimulating her wet clitoris.

"If you disobey me this time there will be no more of this," Oliver said as he waggled her clitoris, "but much more of this," he continued as he 
landed a heavy blow on her bottom with his right hand.  Ruby groaned and Oliver wasn't sure which of his two actions it was in response to.  He took 
his hands off her and Ruby could hear him fiddling with something behind her.  She wondered if it was a condom and realised that she wanted him to 
fuck her, to just ignore her limits and thrust his hard cock inside her.  She said nothing and waited to see what he would do.

Oliver had quietly unscrewed the top of his tube of KY jelly and coated the fingers of his right hand with the sticky gel.  He put the tube down 
and used his left hand to hold apart Ruby's sizeable buttocks so that he could see her small rear opening, like a small flower in the valley of her 
derriere.  Ruby waited, puzzled - was he about to punish her ass again?

"While you masturbate, have you ever touched your ass?" Oliver asked.

"No," Ruby replied, becoming nervous.  She had seen women do it in porn when masturbating for the camera but the thought seemed absurd to her.  What 
did Oliver have planned?

"Never been touched," Oliver said, more to himself than to Ruby, as he put his lubricated fingers against her closed aperture.  Ruby's mind raced - 
this was not on her "banned" list was it?  She had not considered that he would be so bold.  She knew that she could always use her safe-word, but 
maybe it would be alright.  Maybe she could think of it as another form of punishment after all.

Oliver's left hand slid between her legs again and he began stimulating her clitoris once more.  He pushed his middle finger against her ass and felt 
her open up to accept the solitary digit.  Ruby groaned and again Oliver was left unsure as to whether it was because of what he was doing to her 
pussy or because of what he was doing to her ass.  Her rear was incredibly tight around his finger; surely tighter than her vagina would have been had
he been allowed to penetrate her there.  Ruby slowly relaxed as she became used to Oliver's exploratory finger - it turned out to not be too bad, and 
his other finger rubbing her cunt definitely made up for it.

Ruby felt something alongside Oliver's finger at her rear orifice.  She squirmed uncomfortably as she felt his second finger trying to gain entrance.  
It did so, stretching her ass as it slid in alongside the adjacent finger.  Ruby was breathing heavily as her body struggled to accommodate the two 
intruders, but she was usefully distracted by the finger on her clitoris.  She felt totally under Oliver's control now; she felt as if her body was a 
musical instrument, skillfully manipulated by her captor's fingers to play the tune of his choosing.

As his left hand beavered away in Ruby's pussy Oliver stared at the beautiful sight of her ass, penetrated deeply by his two fingers.  She had 
never been penetrated anally before and yet she had taken his two fingers without complaint - if she could take a third then her ass would be dilated to almost 
the size of his cock.  If he could make her take three fingers then he might be able to have anal sex with her, an activity he had long fantasised 
about.  He began slowly pressing his third lubricated finger at the edge of her stretched ring.

Ruby barely noticed what his third finger was doing - while Oliver had been transfixed by her derriere, she had reached her climax.  She moaned loudly 
as she came and was subjected to the strange feeling of coming while her ass was penetrated; a totally new experience that was not immediately 
classifiable as good or bad.  As the wonderful feelings of her orgasm subsided, Oliver's third finger forced its way inside her ass and her pleasure 
gave way to an intense pain.

"Ow ow ow ow!" Ruby cried and Oliver quickly withdrew the third finger.  When Ruby's protests did not stop, he pulled out the other two but Ruby 
continued crying out in pain.

"Are you ok?" he asked, concerned.

"Just about," Ruby replied through clenched teeth.  "It's fading now."  The pain slowly reduced until it became a dull ache from somewhere inside her 
bottom.  Oliver contemplated whether to free her or at least offer to do so, but found himself simply waiting for Ruby to say something.  While he 
waited he quietly cleaned his hands on some tissues.

"I'm ok now I think," Ruby said after a minute.  "Just don't go near my ass at all."  Post-orgasm, and after a lot of pain, Ruby was not completely in 
the mood for continuing, but she did not want to disappoint Oliver for a second session in a row.  She was sure that she would be back in the right 
frame of mind in a few more minutes.

"Ok, I won't," Oliver promised.  He stood up, beside the bed, and stripped off.  His erection had faded slightly due to his concern for Ruby and the 
delay, but his dick was still long if slightly limp.  "Head up," Oliver told her as he knelt in front of her.  Ruby lifted her head off the bed and 
once more found herself with Oliver's dick immediately in front of her face.  She forced a smile and then opened her mouth wide.

Oliver grinned as he gently eased his stiffening cock into Ruby's mouth.  She managed to take in what she considered to be a decent amount before 
making a grunting noise to indicate that Oliver should stop.  He did so, slightly disappointed that Ruby was only able to take half his length.  Ruby 
wondered what she was meant to do now - her tongue was pinned down so she could not use it to lick him, and her hands were tied up.

Oliver put both hands on the top of Ruby's head to steady himself and then began slowly thrusting in and out of her mouth.  The feelings were 
sporadic; he could sometimes feel her tongue underneath his dick and sometimes feel the roof of her mouth on top of his dick but rarely both.  Still, 
this was him being in total control and doing what he wanted - Joanna would never let him do anything like this to her.  The thought pleased him 
greatly.

Ruby simply watched Oliver's abdomen and the tufts of pubic hair below it as they swung near and far in front of her face.  With his cock in her 
mouth and his hands on her head, there was no way she could move, and her tongue was left immobile beneath his continued thrusting.  In some ways it 
was like being on a roller-coaster - her body was being jerked around and there was nothing she could do to change it.  All she could do was suppress the 
urge to scream and wait for it to be over.  Perhaps another time she might have found enjoyment in her predicament, but following her orgasm all her 
sexual excitement had evaporated and the dull ache that remained in her bottom was preventing any further pleasure.

Although the mechanics of the mouth-fuck were not delivering much physical pleasure, Oliver had a lot of pent-up arousal from the events earlier in 
the evening and thus he realised that he was approaching his climax.  He remembered that he was not allowed to come in Ruby's mouth but perhaps he 
could do something that would be just as satisfying.

Oliver pulled out of Ruby's mouth and began stroking himself with his right hand.  Ruby presumed that he was helping to maintain his erection in the 
manner of a porn star and was thus caught unprepared when his come hit her cheek, splashing sperm all over her face.  She instinctively closed her 
mouth and eyes as the remainder of his load was jettisoned onto her, covering her forehead, her cheek, her nose, one of her eyelids and finally a
last bit that had landed on her chin.  It was a wholly unpleasant experience, and proved to be the final straw.

Oliver got up and fetched the tissues, wiping clean his own hands and cock before attending to Ruby.  As he began wiping away his semen, he thought 
some of it looked diluted and he suddenly realised that tears were running down Ruby's face, cutting a transparent cleansing path through his come.

"I'm sorry," Oliver said inadequately as he continued sponging the remainder of his graffiti from the bound girl's face.  He quickly freed her hands 
and she grabbed a further wad of tissues to contain her tears as she sobbed.  Unsure of what to do, Oliver simply concentrated on untying her feet.

"I think you'd better go," Ruby said between sobs.  Oliver was about to say something, but stopped himself.  Instead he stood there awkwardly, naked 
beside a crying girl.

"Ok," he said simply.  "I'm sorry," he added as he redressed quickly, wanting to leave as soon as possible.  Ruby said nothing.  Oliver left the house 
and hurried home.  Ruby lay on her bed alone and cried for a while longer.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Seven: First Time
Tim and Ruby lose their virginity.


In the intervening few weeks since their respective sexual encounters, Tim and Ruby had become firm friends, and more besides.  They had first started 
talking to each other one lunchtime and had found that they enjoyed each other's company.  Tim had never spoken much to Ruby before but now found that 
she was caring, funny and strong-minded, not the shy awkward type he had thought her to be.  Likewise, Ruby had found that Tim was not the annoying 
geek that she had first taken him for, but was in fact a kind, funny boy who looked at her in a way that no boy had before, not even Oliver; a gaze 
borne of love and desire, the two indistinguishable from each other.  She had not spoken to Oliver since their last meeting but that no longer 
mattered to her, now that she had found Tim.

"So, I was wondering if you wanted to come over to my house after school," Ruby suggested one lunchtime.

"Yeah, that would be cool," Tim said before sipping his drink, not realising her intention.

"My parents will be out," Ruby mentioned nonchalantly.  Tim stopped drinking and looked for clues in her expression.

"Oh right," he said noncommittally, unsure if Ruby was trying to imply what he hoped she was.  Ruby took Tim's lack of interest to mean that he was 
not having the same thoughts as her.  So it was that they walked home from school together, both wanting the same thing but believing that the other 
did not.  They arrived at Ruby's house and went up to her room.

They sat on her bed, side-by-side, an awkward atmosphere filling the room.  They turned to each other and hugged before kissing, more of a smooch than 
a passionate lovers' kiss.  Their lips met again and again as they kissed.  It was not the first time they had done so, but it was still a relatively 
new activity for the couple.

After a while, Tim slipped his hands underneath Ruby's jumper and began rubbing her back, feeling that he should do something to advance matters but 
afraid that trying to remove her top might be deemed too forward.  He was 
proved wrong when he felt Ruby take hold of the hem of his own jumper and slide it up his torso.  They broke off their kiss to awkwardly remove each 
other's jumpers.  Emboldened by Ruby's initiative, Tim reached around Ruby and fumbled with her bra until he managed to undo the catch before pulling 
the straps down Ruby's arms.  Then he was kissing her again, this time on her neck before moving slowly downwards.  

Tim guided Ruby to lean backwards and she lay on the bed as he explored her upper body with his mouth, kissing down her upper chest onto the soft 
pillowy mass of her breasts, squashing his face against her large breasts, sucking on her teats as if feeding from them.  He paused his frantic 
kissing to gaze at her semi-naked body.  Ruby realised that Tim was the first person to see Ruby naked from the waist-up (Oliver having only been 
concerned with her lower half) but she did not feel nervous or worried about what he would think of her body.

"You're beautiful," Tim declared with a silly grin on his face, and for that she pulled him to her again and kissed them, their naked chests pressing 
against each other.  Tim ran his hand down her side to rest falteringly on her waist.  Ruby stopped kissing him and nodded at him with a smile and a 
twinkle in her eye as she whispered: "Go on."  Tim's hand immediately moved to the middle of her waist and unfastened her trousers.  Together they 
slid the trousers down and Tim pulled them from Ruby's ankles, leaving her totally naked beside him.  He paused to look over her naked body.

Ruby's figure was classically feminine, comprised of curves and soft edges, the opposite of waif-like supermodels.  Her legs were round and almost 
exactly circular, with smooth youthful skin and a few dotted moles.  Her bush was thick and full, brown curling hairs sprawling this way and that.  
Her stomach was round rather than flat, but could not be termed large.  Her large breasts had collapsed onto her chest with the force of gravity, her 
perky nipples sticking up into the air, the only sharp points on her curvaceous body.  Her areolae were large, and almost the same colour as her skin, 
but slightly duskier.  Her neck and face had a perfect complexion.  Her face was pretty with a cute small nose and full cheeks.

For a moment, Tim mentally compared her body to the slender figure of Miss X, but that whole experience seemed so unreal now, like a private fantasy 
that had never occurred.  Ruby was here - very real, and very attractive.

"So beautiful," Tim re-iterated, his right hand brushing tenderly through Ruby's hair.  She lay on her back whereas he lay on his side, using his left 
arm to keep himself propped up.  Ruby could not stop smiling back at him.  Tim ran his hand down her side again to rest on her hip, ready to draw her 
to him again.

Instead Ruby spread her legs.  "Touch me," she told him with a longing in her voice that made his heart glow.  He placed his hand on her pubic mound, 
able to feel her wetness - her labia spread apart by the position of her legs, the secrets of her slit already exposed to his roving hand.  Tim 
explored her sex with his fingers.  He knew where the clitoris was to look at a girl's pussy, but that turned out to not be much help when the only 
sense available to him was touch.  He found what he believed to be the right place and his novice fingers began rubbing in varying circles and lines.

"Mmmmm," Ruby said and pulled his head towards her to kiss him again as he fondled between her legs.  She kissed him so deeply that their tongues met 
for the first time, initially by accident but then by design as they explored each other's mouths.  Tim's fingers worked busily on Ruby's 
clitoris, too inexperienced to consider doing anything else with her pussy.

They stopped kissing and Ruby closed her eyes as she enjoyed Tim's awkward but earnest fumbling.  Tim lay looking at her face, now slightly flushed, 
her mouth open as she quietly panted, moans of pleasure escaping infrequently from her lips while he continued rubbing for many minutes before Ruby 
broke the silence in the room.

"Uhhh - yeah - mmmm, yeah... I'm close," Ruby whispered, "yeah, yeah, uhhhhhhhh, uhhhhhhhhhh!"  She came, her body trembling slightly beside Tim's, 
their two forms wedged together on the small single bed.  He grinned with pride at his achievement and as her breathing slowed again, he became 
particularly aware of his unsated erection.  Ruby lay with her eyes closed for a while and then opened them to look at him.

"Did you want your clothes or anything?" Tim asked, not sure what he was meant to do at this point.  Should he point out his own needs, or were they 
going to stop there and redress?

"Let's just lie here for now," Ruby said and then realised that there was not enough room on the bed for both of them to lie on their backs.  She 
shifted on to her side and shuffled away from Tim, starting slightly as her naked bottom touched the cold painted wall.  Tim moved to lie on his 
back beside her and she began idly rubbing his chest with her hand, at which point she noticed the bulge - much more obvious when he lay on his back - 
in his trousers.

"Is that...?" she asked vaguely and Tim nodded.  "Oh," she said.  "I hadn't realised."

"You can pretty much assume that if there is anything vaguely sexual going on, it'll be like that," Tim explained.  "It's not exactly rare."

"Oh," Ruby said and she giggled.  "Can I take a peek?"  Tim nodded enthusiastically and she unbuttoned his trousers and slid down his zip.  His grey 
Y-fronts had a huge obscene bulge in them.  Ruby shifted slightly so that she was able to push down his trousers and underwear, at which point his 
cock sprang free.  It looked just the same as Oliver's had, and about the same size.  She wrapped her hand around it and looked into Tim's grinning, 
expectant face, and her eyes scanned back down, slowly, over his whole body.

Tim had short brown hair and a slightly thin face.  His body was similarly thin, the bumps of his ribs visible on his sides, his arms very slender yet 
somehow strong.  Hair covered his pectorals, disguising any lack of muscle, and ran in a faint line down the centre of his chest.  His hip bones stood 
out slightly but his stomach was not too thin.  His legs were hairy, but outdone by the thick tufts around his proud cock, which was erect and 
demanding attention.  Ruby made a decision.

"Get up and open the drawer under my desk," she told Tim.  Bemused, and slightly unhappy about the interruption of his prospective hand-job, he 
completely removed his trousers and underwear so that he could stand up and open the drawer.  Inside he found a condom, which he recognised as being 
a free one that they were all given during sex education.  He held it up for Ruby to see.  "Yep, that's it," she said.  "You up for it?"

Tim swallowed hard and nodded.  Ruby shuffled back into the centre of the bed as Tim carefully opened the condom wrapper, trying to remember what they 
had been shown in sex education.  He got the condom the right way up and put it on top of his dick, holding the teat closed while he tried to roll the 
latex down over his cock.  After a couple of attempts he managed it, and rolled the smothering sheath as far down as he could.  He climbed onto the 
bed between Ruby's legs and lay over her, fumbling to guide his dick into the right position.

"That the right place?" Tim asked.

"Not sure," Ruby admitted.  "Try it."  Tim pressed forwards and Ruby felt his prick jab against her pubic mound.

"Down a bit and left a bit," she told him and this time his dick was in the right place.  Ruby gasped out loud and then gently bit her lip as her 
pussy was penetrated for the very first time.  It was a wonderful feeling, but too much for her to bear.  Tim was smiling as he felt her pussy wrapped 
around his dick, glorying in the claustrophobic feelings of his cock's natural home.  "Wait a minute," Ruby pleaded as she let her body adjust to the 
new situation.

As the two of them lay there in silence, Ruby felt that she should do something with her arms and legs; they were resting on the bed, in the absence 
of any other ideas.  She tried to wrap her legs around Tim's back in mid-air but that proved too uncomfortable.  She slid her legs down his body until 
her feet were on the mattress again, but this time they were planted next to his knees, her legs 
looped around his thighs, leaving Ruby's legs interlocking with Tim's.  She reached her hands around his body and clasped them 
together behind his back, meshing the fingers with each other so that she could keep her hands together easily.

Ruby nodded at Tim and he began trying to thrust.  Such a simple action turned out to be an incredible struggle as he realised that he was not sure of 
exactly how to do it.  He tried using his legs but his feet had no real purchase.  He tried bucking his hips but that seemed ineffectual.  Ultimately 
he used his thighs, pivoting from his knees, his body moving in patterns that did not seem to properly match the angle of Ruby's vagina.  Ruby held tight 
to him as he found his way, feeling more like a boxer in a ring clinging to her opponent than a delicate woman being made love to.

At first Tim kept his head above Ruby's, ready to kiss her, but that was too difficult due to them both bouncing around awkwardly.  Ultimately it 
was easier to bury his head over her shoulder and work on the thrusting.  He was now getting it sufficiently right that it was becoming quite 
pleasurable and he began grunting in Ruby's ear as he fucked his way towards orgasm.

"I'm close," he said gruffly in her ear, feeling that he should let her know.

"Go on then," Ruby said simply and then, aware that those words seemed inadequate, added a line from some porn she often watched: "I want you to come 
inside me."  That was all the encouragement Tim needed and with a couple of brutal thrusts he reached his end, feeling his hot come spill from his 
dick, deep inside her.

Tim raised his head up to look at her and they both grinned stupidly at each other - grins that refused to fade for the rest of the day.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Eight: Outdoor Adventures
Oliver and Joanna take a walk in the woods.


Oliver had not contacted Ruby since he had last seen her, and she had not contacted him either.  It was fairly clearly that things were finished between 
them, leaving Oliver back with Joanna.  He felt like he had been treading water with Joanna for the last few weeks.  There was no obvious reason to finish things 
with her, and yet he did not feel as attracted to her after his escapades with Ruby.  Joanna had sensed Oliver's lack of interest and had decided to 
try to do something to help their sex life.

When Joanna suggested that they take a walk in the woods, Oliver absent-mindedly agreed.  As they wandered through the leafy trees, holding hands, he 
felt as if something was being re-kindled between them.  Sunlight streamed through gaps between the brown parched leaves of the trees, lighting the 
ground disparately.  The woods were deserted.

They came to a clearing in the trees and Joanna led Oliver out into the middle of the green grass, where the sunlight had warmed and dried the ground.  
The sun shone brightly on the kissing couple.

Joanna broke off their kiss and leaned forward to whisper in Oliver's ear.  Even as she did so, he felt her press something into his hand.  "Take me 
any way you want me," she said, and Oliver looked down to see a condom in the palm of his hand.  Joanna winked at him suggestively, as if the condom 
were not hint enough.

"Here?" Oliver asked.  Joanna nodded.  Oliver recalled the time, many months ago, when he and Joanna had had sex in the trees while on holiday, and 
realised that she wanted something akin to a repeat performance.  Well, he decided, if she wanted sex in public she could have it.

"Down on your knees," Oliver said as he unzipped his trousers and took out his flaccid dick.  Joanna knelt down in front of him, cradling his dick in 
her hands before taking it in her mouth.  She could barely believe that she was servicing him like this in public, on her knees in front of him like 
a little slut.  She eagerly sucked and licked his cock, feeling it harden as she did so.  He tousled her hair as she continued wrapping her tongue 
around his manhood.

"Get on all fours," Oliver said sternly, and Joanna did so, feeling like an obedient dog doing tricks for her master.  Oliver pulled down her trousers 
and her thong.  As the wind whistled between Joanna's legs she realised that she was quite wet already.  Oliver smiled at the sight of her naked flesh 
and began rolling the condom down his dick.

Joanna's eyes kept scanning furtively across the tree-line.  What would happen if somebody found the two of them here?  What if they saw her on her 
knees like this, her bare bottom exposed to everyone.  She grunted as Oliver's cock burrowed inside her.  He was going to fuck her like some harlot, 
out here in the open on the gleaming green grass.  "Finger my clit," she pleaded as she realised how horny she was.

Oliver's gaze was fixed on Joanna's ass.  He had gripped her hips in order to fuck her but had subtly used his thumbs to hold apart her buttocks, 
allowing him to look at her exposed asshole - that Oliver intended to one day penetrate - while he slid in and out of her.  "Finger it yourself," he 
said gruffly, curious to see how she would react.

Joanna put her head down as she reached one arm underneath her.  This only added to the embarrassment; not only would she be discovered being fucked, 
but she was even rubbing herself while it happened!  Totally undignified, she thought to herself as she located her clitoris - unwilling to admit to 
herself that her humiliation was something of an aphrodisiac.

Oliver grinned at the thought of Joanna masturbating as he pounded her from behind, looking at the creamy skin of her bottom gleaming in the sunlight.  
Maybe there was potential for him to dominate her after all.  He had forgotten somehow, with the business involving Ruby, quite how attractive Joanna 
was, her pretty face, her slender body, her tight willing pussy.

"I'm close," Joanna said, something Oliver had definitely not expected so soon.  "Harder," she requested and Oliver obliged, panting loudly as he 
drove towards orgasm.  Joanna squealed as she came, Oliver grunting as he did the same.

Joanna slumped forward onto the grass, feeling it tickle her bare pussy, as she basked in both the afterglow 
of her orgasm and the bright sunlight, temporarily forgetting - or not caring - that she was partially undressed.  Oliver peeled off the condom, tied 
it up and slipped it into his back pocket, in lieu of a better idea.  He pulled up his own trousers before doing the same to Joanna's.  She rolled 
over to allow him to fasten them and once he had done so she pulled him down on top of her and kissed him, Oliver accepting her embrace more readily 
than he had done for a while.

They lay on the warm grass together for a while before getting up and walking home through the cold woods, which were rapidly darkening as the sunset 
approached.






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Nine: Confessional
Ruby goes to Lisa for help with a dilemma.


"So what's up?" Lisa asked as she shut the door to her bedroom.  Ruby had approached her at school to ask if she could talk about a problem with Lisa.  
Ruby had refused to talk about it at school or even during the walk home.  Only now that they were alone in Lisa's room did she start explaining 
herself.

"I have a - sort of a - sex problem."

"With Tim?" Lisa asked.  Ruby and Tim's relationship was now common knowledge, having been going on for over a month.

"Yes and no.  A month or two ago I got involved with another guy - before Tim."

"Really?  Who was that?"

"I can't really say.  So with this other guy, I fooled around a bit, and we did a certain sex thing.  That went wrong at the end, which was why it 
finished, but now I find that with Tim I want this thing but I'm worried about doing it after what happened."  Ruby looked up at Lisa to see what she 
would say.

"Ruby, I'm hear to try to help, but I'm not following," Lisa explained, unable to make sense of what the other girl had just said.  "You need to 
start being specific if you're going to make any sense.  I won't tell anyone, I won't judge you, but I need to understand before I can help."

"Ok," Ruby said and paused.  "So," she started, trying to summon some courage, "I like the idea of being tied up by a guy - for him to take control."  
Lisa tried to remain expressionless in case she gave away the appeal the idea held for herself.

"Ok," Lisa said flatly and realised that she sounded uninterested.  "Go on," she said, with a more encouraging tone.

"Somehow I found a guy that liked the idea too.  He had a girlfriend but she didn't like this sort of thing at all.  But he was so into it 
that he wanted to do it with me, behind her back."  Lisa could not help but think of Matt, who liked the idea.  For a brief moment she wondered if 
Ruby was actually talking about Matt but then dismissed the idea; Ruby would not be so callous as to be talking to Lisa about cheating on Lisa's 
boyfriend!

"So we ended up trying it out together; he came over to my house while my parents were out and tied me up.  And then we did things."

"What things exactly?" Lisa asked, half-motivated by a desire to help and half-motivated by sordid curiosity.

"Well, he took my underwear off and licked me down there."

"Did you come?" Lisa asked.

"Yep," Ruby said and could not help smiling.  "Then after that things went a bit iffy.  He wanted a blow-job but I refused."

"Did he force you to do it while you were tied up?" Lisa asked, concerned.  Deep-down, although she refused to admit it to herself, her horror at 
the idea of this guy forcing Ruby to give him a blow-job was accompanied by some arousal at the idea.

"No, he made me give him a hand-job instead.  I felt really bad afterwards that I'd not been able to do what he wanted."

"You shouldn't feel like that," Lisa said genuinely.  "Just because you didn't want to give him head doesn't mean you were bad.  I mean, had you 
actually given head before?"

"Never," Ruby explained.

"In that case you definitely shouldn't feel bad!  These things take time to build up to, not just being made to do it while you're tied up, for 
goodness sake!"  The penny dropped for Lisa: "So your first sex experiences were while you were tied up?" she asked incredulously.

"We didn't have full-on sex, but yeah," Ruby said.

"Wow," Lisa said, stunned.  "Wow.  Kinky," she added before realising that she was probably sounding unkind.  "But hey that's fine.  So what happened 
after that?"

"Well, we met up again a few weeks later to do more of the same.  By then I was all ready to do the blow-job thing, but not sex - and he knew that."

"So what did he do to you this time?" Lisa asked eagerly.

"He tied me up on all-fours - with my clothes still on.  Then he took my trousers and knickers part-way down my legs and, ummm, spanked me a bit."

Lisa could not help but raise her eyebrows.  "What was that like?"

"Erm, quite good," Ruby admitted and felt ashamed.

"Fair enough," Lisa said.

"So then after that, he - ummm - put his fingers, erm, well, in my bum."

"What did you think of that?" Lisa asked, thinking back to her own experience of having her ass fingered while she was tied up.  She was finding this 
conversation much more erotic than she thought she should.

"Not too terrible.  Two fingers was ok as well, and he was fingering my, err, vagina, too so that was fairly enjoyable.  But then it started to go a 
bit wrong.  He tried putting a third finger in and that really hurt.  We paused for a bit and then decided to continue."

"He decided or you decided?" Lisa asked.

"Me, I think.  So he made me give him head."

"Was that hard without your hands?"

"Well, I didn't really do much.  He just thrust into my mouth so I couldn't actually do much.  But then, at the end, he pulled out and then he came 
all over my face."

"Oh god," Lisa said in shock.  "I bet that wasn't nice."

"No.  It was really horrible.  And then - this will sound silly - I just started crying.  He left, and we haven't really spoken since.  It sounds 
silly now that I say it, I mean most of it was fine, it was just a few bits that went wrong, but it was upsetting."

"Well, it was not nice was it.  I mean, you were enjoying it but then he went too far and it probably felt a bit like a betrayal didn't it?" Lisa 
asked and Ruby nodded.  "Guys eh!  They just have to take it too far.  I mean, it has to be worrying when a guy ties you up, as to what he might do 
to you," Lisa said, subconsciously voicing her own fears.

"I think it would be better if it was with someone you could trust a bit more.  Now that I've had a bit of time after it, it hasn't really put me off. 
 Which is the problem really."

"Oh?"

"With Tim, it feels like sex was always meant to be.  He likes my body, he kisses me - everywhere - and, well, I lost my virginity to him."

"Ahhhhhh," Lisa said in a patronising isn't-it-sweet tone.

"And that's all good, and I'm sure most girls would be happy with that.  But..." Ruby's voice trailed off as she searched for a way to express her 
feelings.

"You want the kinky stuff?" Lisa suggested.

"Yeah, put simply.  But I'm a bit worried after what happened with the other guy, and also a bit worried if Tim will be into it, or whether he'll 
think I'm weird, because I mean - I'm really into the tied-up thing.  Sex without it seems like it's lacking something, and I mean it's not like it's 
because I'm bored of it - some middle-aged add-some-spice thing.  I just want sex like that, and I think that's just the way I am," Ruby said 
defensively.

"I don't think there should be any shame in enjoying it," Lisa said.  "And if it's with someone you trust then you should be alright," she said, 
lacking conviction in her opinion, even though she knew it was the right thing to say.

"I guess so.  I suppose it's probably time to see what Tim thinks of the idea then," Ruby said.  "You're lucky that you don't have to worry 
about these things with Matt - sometimes I wish that I didn't have this... fetish, if that's the right word."

"Yeah," Lisa replied, forcing a nod.  "So," she said, trying to change the subject, "what happened to the guy - did he go back to his girlfriend?"

"Yep.  He's still with her.  Although to be honest, I wouldn't be surprised if he cheated on her with someone else - I don't think he was very happy 
with her, sex-wise."

"Men eh?  They feel happy to shop around if they haven't got exactly what they want!"

"I guess so, but then - if Tim doesn't like what I like, what would I do?  I mean, I'd just end up quite unhappy with the sex if we stayed together, 
but it seems like a stupid reason to break up.  It can be hard, so I don't view the guy as being that terrible.  But you'd hope that your partner 
indulges you in what you want, even if just as a compromise.  She was so closed to the ideas of what he wanted that he ended up unhappy."

"Mmm," Lisa said guiltily.

"Anyway, this has been really useful.  Thanks for the chat, hope you don't think I'm too weird," Ruby said, smiling.

"No, not at all.  Come back if you need to chat again."

"Ok, will do," Ruby said as she got up.  "I'll see myself out."  Lisa closed the door after Ruby had gone and then sat on her bed, mulling things 
over.  






Tales from School, by Some Writer
Part Ten: The Gift of Surrender
Lisa gives Matt a welcome surprise.


Lisa sat next to Matt on the sofa in the lounge, her mind distracted.  Everything was ready - she had all the items she needed, including the letter, 
and had hidden what needed to be hidden.  Her parents were away for the night, not to return until the next day.  All she needed now was to get Matt 
to leave the house for a while.  As the credits of the television programme rolled up the screen, she began kissing his neck tenderly.

"Why don't we have an early night?" Matt suggested, the clock showing ten.  Lisa smiled.

"I think we should.  But," she said sorrowfully, "there's one problem - we're out of condoms."

"Are you sure?  I thought we had a few left."

"Positive," Lisa lied.  "But the 24-hour supermarket isn't that far away, so you can go and get some for us."

"Why don't we just do other stuff instead?"  Matt asked.  "A 69 or something?" he suggested.   Their previous attempt at the position had ended in 
disaster but Matt still thought that it seemed like fun.  Lisa frowned - she had not considered that he would offer an alternative.  This was not in 
the plan.

"No, I think we should get some," she said carefully.  "I'll make it up to you when you get back, I promise," she said, raising her eyebrows 
suggestively, but also putting her hand on his crotch in case he did not get the message.

"Ok, I'll go," Matt said reluctantly.  Lisa smiled and Matt got up to find his shoes and some money.  As soon as the door slammed Lisa hurried 
upstairs to her room to begin preparations.  She drew the curtains, switched on the light and pulled out all her props from under the bed; the scarves 
that would form ankle circlets, the 
longer pieces of rope that would attach them to the bed, and the scarf that would tie her wrists together.  Accompanying the bondage gear was her 
sleeping-mask to use as a blindfold and her letter, already sealed in its envelope.  Lisa went and put the letter in its place and then returned to 
the bedroom.

Lisa slowly disrobed, neatly piling her clothes in the corner of the room.  It was not too cold in the room but she still felt uncomfortable being 
naked, even in the privacy of her own room.  If Matt were here she knew that he would tell her to stop being so silly, and that she was beautiful when 
she was naked.  And then - as he usually did when he got her naked - he would probably try to give her head.  She smiled at the thought.

Lisa lay down on the bed, trying out her intended position.  She lay across the bed, her head just dangling over one side, her torso lying 
perpendicular to the way that she slept, her legs spread out wide.  Matt would have access to her mouth, her pussy and her ass.  She realised now that 
this position particularly emphasised her ass - what would Matt do to her?  The thought thrilled and chilled her at the same time.  She hadn't been 
this apprehensive about the thought of sex in a long time.  She had certainly never spent so long planning and preparing for it.

She sat on the bed and tied the scarves around her ankles, loose enough that they would not be uncomfortable, but not large enough that her feet could 
wriggle out of them.  She tied one end of each of the bits of rope to the frame of the bed, by where her legs would be.  She glanced at the clock.  
It had been over ten minutes already since Matt had left.  How long would he take - maybe twenty minutes?  Lisa turned out the light and then 
crawled across the floor, feeling her way in the dark, to the window.  She drew back the curtains.  Moonlight filled the room, faintly illuminating 
her endeavours.  She crawled back to the bed and slid onto it, not wanting to stand up in front of her window with no clothes on.

Lisa pulled the quilt aside and tied the other end of the ropes to her ankles, securing her legs in their final position, her ankles spread two feet 
apart.  She knelt awkwardly on the bed, looking out of the window for the sight of Matt approaching the house.  She desperately hoped that no-one 
would be able to see 
her looking out - she was topless, after all.   The light was off in the room so she hoped she would be okay.  If anyone could see her, she would 
likely be able to see them first anyway.

She felt a sudden urge to touch her pussy but stopped herself.  She wished she could be fully tied-up already - to prevent her touching herself - but 
she did not dare.  What if Matt did not return?  What if her parents did?  What if someone broke in?  It was too dangerous.

After a few excruciating minutes she caught sight of someone on the drive.  She 
waited long enough to be sure that it was Matt, and then ducked out of sight in case he looked up at the darkened room.  She lay forwards on the bed, 
her chin just beyond the edge of the mattress.  She quickly pulled the quilt across herself and put on her blindfold.  As she put her hands behind her 
back she realised that the quilt was askew but knew it was too late to worry about that.

She heard the front door shut as she began frantically fiddling with the scarf behind her back.  Tying your wrists together behind your back is not 
easy and despite Lisa practising over the past few days it was still difficult.  She finished as she heard the stairs creak.  She pulled at her 
wrists slightly and realised that she could probably still free herself.  Perhaps that was not a bad thing, she thought in her nervous state.

Matt was making his way upstairs, condoms in hand, when he suddenly noticed the string drawn across between the banisters that he was about to trip 
over.  Suspended on the unintended trip-line was a letter addressed "Matt" in Lisa's handwriting.  Puzzled, he picked up the envelope and opened it.



Darling Matt,

A few months ago we discovered something that we both really enjoy.  But shortly afterwards I stopped us doing it, for no good 
reason.  I now recognise this, and only want for us both to be happy, in whatever way we can achieve that together.  Therefore you will find a present 
in our room.  Be nice!

Love Lisa.



In truth, Matt did not understand the letter in the slightest.  Lisa had gone to such lengths to disguise her surprise that Matt did not comprehend 
her meaning, at least not until he ascended the stairs and opened the door to her room.  Lisa was lying sideways on the bed, facing away from him.  
Her body was underneath her quilt, and the room was dark except for the pale light from the outside.  It was enough Matt could still make out 
the ties around Lisa's ankles that were connected to the frame of the bed, leaving them stretched wide apart.

Excited, he rushed into the room and walked round to look at her head.  The moonlight streaming through the window was enough for him to make out the 
sleeping-mask blindfold she wore and the way that her arms were pulled behind her back - perhaps tied there?  Part of Matt just wanted to free her and 
hug her and thank her for the surprise, but a more excited part wanted to get started.  He drew the curtains and switched on the light beside the bed 
before throwing back the quilt.  Lisa shivered slightly as he did so and Matt stood amazed, looking at her already-naked body with her hands tied 
behind her back, her pert buttocks stuck up in the air.  Lisa waited, her stomach churning with nerves.

He knelt in front of her face, bending his head down to be beside hers.  "You are wonderful," he told her as he leaned in 
to kiss her.  She was startled initially but then engaged and they kissed passionately.  Matt stood up again and Lisa waited to find out what he would 
do.  Would he use her like this, or would he perhaps move her into a different position?  How would he extract his pleasure from her, and would he 
return the favour?

Matt walked around the bed and knelt between Lisa's legs, taking the opportunity to admire her ass, stuck up in the air.  Was that an invitation he 
wondered to himself, but dismissed the thought from his mind.  He placed his hands on her legs and ran them briskly up to the top of her thighs.  Lisa 
shivered slightly as he stroked the insides of her thighs on the way up.  Matt leaned forward and planted a kiss on each of her delicious buttocks 
before kissing his way up her sensitive spine, skipping over her bound hands.  When he reached her neck he whispered "I love you," in her ear.  She 
turned to try to kiss him and he stretched to awkwardly meet her mouth with his.

Matt sat back and contemplated what he should do.  He felt that he should do something spectacular to match the effort Lisa had put into this, but he 
was all out of ideas, having had no time to prepare.  He decided to do the obvious thing for now - after all, he could always keep her tied up after 
he'd finished round one.  This devious thought made him smile.

Matt slid his hand between her thighs and put his fingers flat on her warm pubic mound.  He pressed one finger against her slit and felt her wetness.  
"It seems you've had a head start," he noted aloud and Lisa felt her face flush.  His finger-tips travelled upwards and then he pushed two fingers at 
her entrance, which yielded to his pressure.  Lisa groaned quietly as his two fingers slipped inside her cunt.  Matt felt how slick she was inside and 
realised that she needed no further preparation.  

He looked down at where his thumb hung uselessly in the air by her bottom and he curled it down, resting the pad of his thumb against Lisa's tiny rear 
opening, exposed in the middle of her derriere by the wide position of her legs.  Lisa's body tensed as she waited to see what he would do.  He 
repeatedly pressed down lightly against the dip of her rear entrance, teasing her.  "You'd like me to do it, wouldn't you?" he teased her.  She said 
nothing, merely waiting to see what he would do, unable to stop him and unwilling to encourage him.

Matt pulled his fingers out of her, and on a whim wiped them on her peachy cheeks.  Lisa could not believe that he had done this, and tried to feel 
annoyance rather than the pang of arousal that she refused to acknowledge.  He got up off the bed and she could hear him stripping behind her.  She 
felt him walk around to her head and could smell him as he stood next to her.  Momentarily she thought of Ruby, and the mouth-fucking that she had 
received.  Blind to Matt's intentions, Lisa opened her mouth wide for him.

Matt inserted the head of his mostly-erect dick into her mouth.  Lisa did nothing, and Matt insistently pushed a little more in.  He realised that it 
was then too much for her to be able to do much and he withdrew again.  Lisa grunted and Matt repeated the manoeuvre, going deeper this time.  Lisa did 
not protest and he tried four fluid thrusts into her mouth.  On the fourth he went too deep, and Lisa gagged.  Her whole body tensed up, instinctively 
struggling against the perceived danger.  Without meaning to, she pulled her arms hard enough that her wrists separated.

"No, we can't have that," Matt said as she watched her.  He withdrew and then leaned over her body.  He tied her wrists together properly, and Lisa 
knew that she would not be able to escape again.  She felt a mixture of disappointment and relief as Matt moved away from her head.  After a little 
while she felt him kneel on the bed between her legs again.  He leaned over her, his breathing audible behind her head.  His latex-sheathed cock 
touched her clitoris and then slid upwards along her slit until it found her entrance.  Lisa gasped as he slid into her, his body on top of hers, 
dominating her, smothering her. 

They had never had sex in this position before.  Matt's cock felt strange inside Lisa, everything was upside down and not how she was used to.  Matt 
gloried in the feeling of her buttocks pressed into his abdomen, enjoying the sight of her helpless beneath him as well as all the usual delightful 
feelings his dick experienced while penetrating her.

Matt kissed her neck, unsure of what to say - should he be romantic or was that not dominating enough?  He said nothing and all Lisa heard was his 
grunting as he began pistoning his dick in and out of her.  She grunted too, involuntarily, as he went deeper inside than she was used to.  As Matt 
slid backwards and forwards she realised that her clitoris was untouched - exposed but uncared for in their coitus.  She had been horny for long 
enough now and she wanted to come, but Matt was not helping her do so.

Matt fucked her at his own pace, all his usual caring and considerate thoughts of her pleasure pushed out of his mind by his excitement as he quickly 
built to his climax.  With a few final deep thrusts he ejaculated inside her, moaning with pleasure.  Lisa felt slightly dejected as Matt pulled out.  
He quickly tied up the condom and cleaned his hands on a tissue, careful not to touch his dick.  Thoughts of sex were fleeing his mind but he knew 
what he should do.  He sat on the bed again and felt between Lisa's legs for her clitoris.

Lisa pressed backwards against his hand as Matt returned to pleasure her.  This was what she needed and she let him know it, moaning loudly.  He 
simply rubbed up and down and Lisa was in heaven.  She could feel her climax fast approaching and she began unabashedly moaning and groaning.

Matt smiled as he listened to Lisa build to her climax.  He knew that she was only seconds away, and suddenly a wicked impulse caused him to move his 
hand away.  Lisa's moan of pleasure turned to one of anguish.

"I hadn't finished," she protested, thinking his actions were in error.

"I know," Matt said, caressing her bottom with his other hand, revelling in the feeling of power.  After a short delay he began stimulating Lisa 
again and she returned to moaning.  It became louder, building to a crescendo, until Matt stopped again.  "Not yet," he told her gleefully.

She silently cursed Matt and decided to try to keep quiet.  If he could not detect that she was close, he would not stop.  His fingering began again 
and almost immediately she was moaning loudly with pleasure.  Keep quiet, she thought to herself, you want this to end.  And yet, something deep-down 
caused her to moan loudly like a melodramatic porn star as soon as she was close to coming - some part of her that did not want this to end at all, no 
matter how agonising it was.  Accordingly, Matt stopped when she moaned.

"Let me come," she asked him, a note of desperation edging into her voice.

"I will," Matt said.  "Eventually," he admitted, after a pause.  He explored the sides of her pussy while he waited, running his fingers up and down 
the insides of her labia, in a sensitive enough region to cause her to groan but far enough away from her clitoris to not be in any danger of 
an accidental orgasm.
<p<
"Please, I'll do anything," Lisa begged as she waited for him to start on her clitoris again.

"I bet you would," Matt said as he idly stroked her thighs with his other hand.	

Lisa reached her bound hands down to her bottom.  With her left hand she pushed far apart the two halves of her petite derriere while she felt for the 
centre with the index finger of her right hand.  She felt Matt lift her hands up slightly from her body.  He held the palm of her right hand while he 
picked up two of her delicate fingers.  He took them in his mouth and licked them as if they were the tenderest parts of her body, lovingly coating 
them in saliva.  Lisa's mind was focused on her pussy, wishing that his tongue were there instead.

Matt released her hands and she felt again for the bud between cheeks, pressing her wet finger against her own ass-hole, slowly sliding it in and 
violating herself in a way she would never have conceived of doing earlier in the evening.  It felt good, somehow adding to what she had believed to 
be a maximal level of 
arousal.  It did not feel too much for her to take, she realised.  She tentatively pressed a second wetted finger against her hole.  Ruby said two 
fingers were fine, she unexpectedly remembered.  It slid in alongside the first, noticeably stretching her tight canal and she moaned.

Matt's cock was stiffening again already at the unbelievable sight of his girlfriend fingering her own ass.  He began lightly rubbing her clitoris, 
not 
daring to do too much in case it went too far and made her come.  Lisa was right on the edge now and felt as if she could come at any moment, like a 
sneeze that was tickling the end of her nose.  But her climax would not quite arrive.

Desperate, she began sliding her two fingers in and out of her ass, trying to generate enough sensation to send her over the edge.  She felt it slowly 
working and she continued finger-fucking her ass, shamelessly abasing herself while Matt watched eagerly, his cock now rock-hard.

"Oh god!  Yes!  Yes!" Lisa screamed in triumph as she came, her pelvis bucking against Matt's fingers and her fingers as they worked together to 
deliver her orgasm, waves of pleasure finally crashing delightfully against the shore of her climax.  As the amazing pounding in her head subsided, 
Lisa was dimly aware that Matt was freeing her.  He gently rolled her over and removed her blindfold.  She blinked rapidly against the weak light from 
beside the bed.  The first thing that came into focus was Matt's erection, standing proudly in front of his body as he knelt over her.

Lisa reached for the condoms that she had hidden inside the drawer of the bedside table and wordlessly handed one to Matt.  He rolled it down over his 
dick without fuss and she reached out her arms to him.  She drew him inside her with a tight embrace, her arousal now withered but her love 
heightened.  They clung to each other as they made love, their mouths separating only to whisper proclamations of their feelings to each other.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





