BDSM Library - Bunny Rabbit




Bunny Rabbit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story has a lot of humiliation, heavy bondage, kidnapping undertones. It\'s about a young man coming out of his shell and getting more than he thought he bargined for.






I finally got up the nerve to open a profile at an adult fetish site, a personals site. I got a response quickly, It was an older woman, she sent me some pix, she was very attractive. We exchanged emails a few times then talked on the phone. She said she was in the lifestyle all her life and was very experienced. I told her that I was a novice and had no experience at all, she seemed to like that. She said she would have fun "breaking me in". We met at a bar and had a few drinks and talked about things, alot of things. We talked about what we liked and disliked about the lifestyle. She did most of the talking because I had no experience. I told her that I wanted to take it slow and ease into it, you know try some small stuff first then progress and see what I like. She agreed and seemed to be very eager to start, as was I. That weekend we met again and got a cheap motel room. "Take off your clothes" she commanded once we were in the room. I did, "now put your hands behind your back" she said, so I did. She tightly tied my hands behind my back. She reached around and grabbed my balls "these belong to me now slave...understand?" she said. "Yes ma'am" I said, "good slave, now lets get out of here" she said. "What do you mean get out of here...thats wasn't part of the deal...we didn't talk about leaving the motel" , I said. She reached around from behind me and put her hand over my mouth," Shhhhh...quite slave...you will only speak when I tell you to or when I ask you something...got it slave", she said."UHHH I thought we were......" before I could say another word she put a large ball gag in my mouth. Then she put a collar around my neck and locked it on with a small pad lock, "your ass belongs to me now, your my slave, mine" she whispered into my ear. I didn't know what to think, I mean I liked it, but I was getting scared. She left the room and backed her car to the door of the room. She came back in and stood next to the open door and said" come on slave lets go", I walked over to her and she pulled me outside. The trunk of the car was open, she pushed me into the trunk. "Just relax, we're going to your new home..slave", she slammed the trunk door. We arrived at her house, she popped the trunk open and put a blindfold on me. She helped me out of the trunk and led me into her house. Once inside we took many quick turns and down a long flite of stairs, she unlocked a door and pushed it open. We went in the room, she took off my blindfold, we were in her dungeon. She walked me over to a wooden horse and bent me over it. she tied my ankles together and then tied my collar to my ankles. I was completely bent over and my ass was completely exposed. "Ready slave" she asked. She began to beat my ass, floggers, paddles, whips, her hand she used everything. It hurt, but it was really turning me on, I mean I was tied up, gagged and had no idea where I was, I was at her mercy and I liked it. When she was done beating my ass she untied my collar from my ankles and told me to stand up strait. I stood up , she took off the ball gag, "where am I...we never said anything about leaving the motel" I said, she quickly put her hand over my mouth"Shhhhhh, be quite this is your new home, and you are my new slave, now be quite" she said. She took her hand away from my mouth " where're just playing here rite, I mean your going to untie me and let me go when we are done rite", my voice trembled. She covered my mouth with her hand again,"your trying my patience slave, maybe I'll let you go one day, but for rite now and the immediate future..today, tomorrow, next week, six months from now, A FUCKING YEAR FROM NOW, YOU ARE MINE, MY SLAVE, MY PERSONAL SLAVE AND THATS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW...NOW SHUT THE FUCK UP...OR I WILL SHUT YOU UP!" Now I was scared, really scared. She took her hand away from my mouth again,"OK I'm done playing untie me, this was a bad idea, untie me now please" I said. She let out a big sigh and shook her head. She walked away then came back and stood in front of me, she tried to stuff my mouth with some wadding but I struggled and resisted her. Then she grabbed my balls and twisted them hard, "OK OK OK" I screamed. She stuffed the wadding into my mouth, she stuffed ALLOT of wadding into my mouth, to the point where I was gagging on it, then she duct tapped my mouth closed with several large pieces of tape, I couldn't make a peep. "That's better, obviously I have to keep you gagged all the time...perhaps one day you will learn to keep your mouth shut..hmm, now bend over slave I have something for you". I reluctantly bent over, she dangled what looked like a butt plug with a big furry ball attached to the end of it. "Do you know what that is slave?" she asked, I shook my head no, " It's your tail, everybody knows that all bunny rabbits have cotton tails" she laughed. She stood behind me playing with my asshole, I moved around and struggled but it was no use, I was tied up very tight. I could feel the lube run down my balls and legs. She finger fucked my ass for a while, It felt like her finger was hitting the back of my throat. She finally forced the butt plug up my ass, I could feel the bunny tail resting against my ass. She told me to stand up again, once I was standing she put a pair of bunny ears on me, then she took my collar off and put a pink bow tie around my neck. She walked around me and laughed" well what do you think" she asked, I didn't respond or even look at her. "Awwww whats the matter my whittle bunny wabbit feels embarrassed", thats exactly how I felt. She stood behind me and to the side. She told me to lean forward and stick my ass out, so I did , then she told me to look back at her. As soon as I looked back at her I saw a flash, she took a Polaroid. "That's a good one" she laughed. Next she tied my knees together then she tied my cock and balls up. "Now hop for me, hop like a good bunny" she commanded. I was hopping around the dungeon, I felt SO humiliated, but it turned me on allot, I could feel my dick getting hard. She took a few more pictures of me hopping around. Then she started flogging me as I hopped, she was laughing and carrying on and on. There was a bed in the dungeon she told me to hop over to. "Sit down" she commanded, I sat, It was very uncomfortable with the butt plug still up my ass. She pushed me down and lifted my legs and feet up on the bed. She grabbed my hard cock" good slave, very good, now get on your knees and bend over for me". I struggled but I managed to do it. Once on my knees she left and came back, she walked where I could see her and showed me she was wearing a large strap on. She got on the bed behind me and removed the butt plug, I was still wearing the rabbit ears and pink bow tie, tied up, gagged and ready to get ass fucked with a large dildo. She started slowly working her cock into my virgin ass. I was moaning into my gag, "good slave, very good", she whispered. She got the tip in and I screamed into my gag, then I could feel her steadily force the dildo completely up my ass, I was moaning and screaming in to my gag. Once completely inside of me she leaned on my back, put her lips rite next to my ear and whispered, "get used to the way this feels, its going to be happening allot"all I could do is moan into my gag.She fucked me slow at first but got increasingly faster and faster and harder and harder. Then she reached around and grabbed my rock hard cock and began jacking me off. I started moaning loudly into my gag,"Don't you fuckin dare slave",she yelled, it was all I could do not to cum. She fucked my ass for a long time, she enjoyed it, I could tell she had a few orgasms. She took her cock out of my ass and moved in front of me. "Kneel up slave" , so I did my ass was very sore, she started to jack me off again"don't even think about cumming until I say it's OK". I wanted to cum SO bad, finally she said OK and she pointed my cock rite at her dildo and I came all over it. There was cum dripping all over her strap on. She took the tape off my mouth and removed the wadding. "Now slave I want you to suck my cock, suck it clean", without question I went down on her dildo, the dildo with my cum all over it. " Good boy, take it deep now" she said. It was kinda gross but I didn't care, it was such a turn on. After sucking her cock clean of my cum she untied my ankles and knees, she took off the bunny ears and pink bow tie and put my collar back around my neck and locked it. She grabbed one of the rings on the collar and pulled my face close to hers, she grabbed my cock and said" This belongs to me now" then she grabbed my balls and said" these belong to me now" then she reached around me and grabbed my ass and stuck a finger up my asshole and said" and this belongs to me now...got it slave?" I nodded my head yes. She walked me over to a cage on the floor, she took her cum soaked panties and stuffed them into my mouth and tapped my mouth shut. "Suck on those all night" she said. "Now get in your cage like a good little slave", I dropped to my knees and got in the cage. Once in the cage she tied my ankles up and hogtied me, very tight. "Nighty night...I'll see you tom marrow bright and early" she said, I was SO turned on I couldn't wait till tomorrow. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DJD


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





