BDSM Library - The Reluctant Call-Girls




The Reluctant Call-Girls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenny searches for her call girl sister with the help of her cousin, Adriana. The sexy madam has her own ideas.






THE RELUCTANT CALL-GIRLS

by

Deputy Duffy



Jenny and her cousin, Adriana, sat parked in front of the large
steel gate that surrounded a sprawling hillside estate.

"This is it, Adriana," Jenny said, holding her cousin's hand.
"It's now or never."

Adriana wished her cousin had said a little more than that,
because she was leaning to the "never" side. She didn't even
know how she made it this far. They were supposed to be
intelligent 19-year-old women. She loved her cousin, but
her idea sounded so dumb -- and maybe even dangerous. She
had many reasons not to be in this position, but here she sat,
contemplating the biggest decision of her life.

It all started on the first day of summer break, when Adriana
received a phone call from her cousin. It had been a year or
so since the two had seen each other last (at their high school
graduation parties), so Adriana was thrilled to hear from Jenny
again. (It was harder for the two to see each other these days
as much as they had growing up, because Adriana attended college
on the east coast, while Jenny went to a west coast college.)

Jenny said that she wanted to talk about something really
important. Adriana heard the seriousness in her cousin's
voice and immediately knew something was wrong and rushed
over to meet with her. Once in her arms, the story Jenny
told her that day hit her hard. She couldn't believe her
ears. Adriana, who had grown up in a perfect white picket
fence home, wasn't quite prepared for it, but comforted her
the best she could.

Jenny told her how her older sister, Kelly, had vanished and
had been missing for some time now. Jenny's family went to the
police for help at first, and then to a private investigator,
but to no avail. The private investigator did find out one
startling fact: she had worked as a call girl before disappearing.
The PI also found out that she had apparently stolen some money
from the madam before she disappeared, and he figured that had
something to do with it.

The news floored Jenny. Kelly was her idol and had always seemed
so perfect. Jenny quickly realized that the news had sent her
mother right back into the emotional haze that she had been in for
almost five years after losing her husband (a traumatic event from
which she had only recently recovered). Jenny knew that it was up
to her to find her sister.

So Jenny had dropped out of school to begin her search. She
started by using some of the facts that the private investigator
had discovered (before they ran out of money). Jenny retraced
his work and focused on the bar where her sister was known to
have hung out at before her disappearance. Jenny, with her
fake ID, finally won the confidence of the night barmaid, Penny.
The PI said that Penny was rumored to be a recruiter for the madam
that Kelly had gone to work for.

It took some time, but late one night after Jenny offered to help
Penny clean up, she was finally asked if she was looking for a job.
Jenny nodded and then held her breath as Penny gave her the call
girl speech that she had been waiting for and that her sister must
also have received. Jenny acted eager. Penny gave her a card with
the madam's address on it, but there was a small catch: she had to
bring a girlfriend along. Penny then gave her two old pennies, it
was her calling card.

Jenny tried for days to talk some of her friends into coming along.
She had a simple plan -- meet the madam by posing as a call girl
wannabe, win her trust, and ultimately find her sister. To her
dismay, her life had become a late night movie, but there was no
helping that. Finally, in desperation, she called Adriana and used
all her cousinly pull to talk her into it.

Now, looking at the estate, Adriana was having second thoughts.

"Jenny, I still don't know, maybe tomorrow...," Adriana hesitated,
as the reality of the task in front of them set in.

"Please, Adriana, I can't take this one more day. I just need to
know.... My life is falling apart." Jenny fluttered her baby-blue
eyes.

Adriana couldn't speak, she could only point, as the big steel gate
started slowly opening. She gasped as a large man waved them in.
Jenny mustered up her courage and put the car into gear, even as
Adriana was begging her not to, and drove past the open gate.

Adriana trembled as the large man approached the car and opened her
door.

"Come on in here. You can't be sitting out there all day...it
attracts attention," he said, pulling her out of the car. He
patted her on the ass and then went around and opened Jenny's
door. He pulled her out and grabbed her car keys. He hopped in
and quickly drove Jenny's car around the side.

Hearts pounded. The girls knew there was no turning back now.

Jenny pulled on her cousin's arm. "C'mon.... Just let me do the
talking, and everything will be fine. I also left this address
with a friend, and, if she doesn't hear back from me, she's going
to the police with it."

"That really doesn't help much, Jenny.... You see...."

"C'mon," Jenny interrupted and she pulled on Adriana's arm again.

"Wait a sec!" Adriana snapped, pulling Jenny to a stop. "I have
to tell you something, I've never done anything like this. Not
even close. Jesus! I'm even still a virgin...technically."

"What?" Jenny cried. "You told me you lost it on prom night."

"I'm sorry. I lied. No, the guy got drunk and passed out on
me. I mean, you seemed so happy when you lost yours, so I just
figured...."

"It's okay, really," Jenny said, interrupting her obviously
embarrassed cousin. "I understand. But maybe we won't have
to do anything anyways. Maybe one of the other girls knows
something. I know my sister was one, but it's not like I'm
a whore, either."

"I didn't mean it like that," Adriana said, looking down.

"No, I know, but like I said before, this place is different.
They want good girls. That's why we're dressed for church and
not in hooker garb. This is just a meeting. We can always
back out before our first date."

"But...," Adriana pleaded.

"But even though they want good-girl types who can be bad when
needed, I think we better skip the virginal part," Jenny said,
and the two shared a nervous giggle, before they made their way
up the marble front stairs with Jenny leading the way. The
front door swung open and a monster-of-a-man met their stare.

"State your business!" he bellowed.

The two girls were shaking. They just stared at the man-beast.

"State your business!" he fired.

"Ahhh..., I think I'm supposed to give you these," Jenny finally
mumbled, as she pulled the two pennies out of her purse.

"Nope, not me, but follow me," he ordered, pulling them inside.

He led them through an impressively lavish foyer and then down a
long hall into a large office that looked out onto the pool area.

"Have a seat and wait here," he said, and then he left them alone
in the office. Jenny immediately went to the window, seeing that
there were a couple of women tanning naked outside.

"Ah, no blondes," she moaned. (Her sister also shared her hair
color.) She was also still holding out hope that her sister was
here. "God, she has to be here somewhere."

"Who, my dear?" A sultry voice filled the room.

Jenny spun around. "Oh, hi, ah, I mean you, I think?" Jenny cursed
inside. It wasn't exactly the first impression she wanted to
present.

"Please, have a seat, and try to relax, my dear," the older women
offered, as she approached. "I have a call to make."

The girls sat in chairs in front of the desk. Jenny checked out
the madam, who began talking on a cell phone. Jenny figured she
was in her forties. She had platinum blonde hair and still wore
that same hairdo that Farrah Fawcett had made famous. She also
wore a glittery red dress that seemed to sparkle in the sunlight,
or maybe it was her impressive diamond jewelry collection. In a
word she was "elegant." (In a slutty sort of way.)

Jenny noticed that her cousin was praying. She grabbed her hand
and joined in. It couldn't hurt.

"I heard you have something for me," the madam said, snapping her
cell phone shut. She reached out and took the pennies from Jenny's
hand. "So, Penny has sent you in search of work, no?"

"Yeah. I'm Jenny, and this is Adriana."

"Adriana. Oh, how lovely. No need to change that one. You may
call me 'Sonia,'" the madam said, with a smile. She moved to the
front of the desk, and her smile grew a bit devilish, because she
knew these sweet and innocent girls had no idea what was in store
for them.

"And, since we are doing introductions...." She sat on the desk
and crossed her legs.

"This is my nephew," she said, pointing.

The girls turned. In walked a tall, yet rugged-looking young man,
dressed in a dark, pinstriped suit. The young man, who Jenny
figured was around their age, shook hands with the two girls,
while looking them over, but didn't say a word. He slid onto a
barstool that stood next to the desk, licking his lips.

"Now, before we go any further, you realize that I have to take a
closer look at you both," Sonia said, snapping her fingers.
"So why don't you stand up for me?"

The girls shared a nervous look, and then they rose off their
seats. Jenny had expected another sales pitch.

"Ah, very nice," Sonia purred, sliding off the desk. She stood
in front of the girls. With her red high heels on, she was nearly
six feet tall, about six inches taller than either of the two
girls, even in their pumps. She reached out and caressed Jenny's
face, her bright red fingernails glistening.

"Nice eyes," she said, referring to Jenny's baby blues. Jenny
couldn't help batting them. They always attracted attention and
helped Jenny get her way.

Sonia then used her a perfect fingernail to trace Jenny's pink
lipsticked lips.

"Lips built for pleasure." Jenny felt flushed. Sonia smiled.
"Open please." She proceeded with a zealous inspection of
Jenny's mouth. "Yes, this mouth could make a lot of money."
Sonia's nephew watched with keen interest.

Adriana then received the same treatment. Her eyes were brown,
and she wore glasses (which Sonia said gave her a sophisticated
look). Adriana always thought that they made her look like a geek.

"But then again," she thought, "I never sported blonde hair
before." (Jenny had persuaded her to bleach her hair, saying
that the madam was looking for blondes.)

Sonia finally stepped back and had the girls do a slow turn.

"Yes, very good. You certainly look like proper young ladies," she
said, as the girls turned back around with a sigh. They thought it
was over.

"So, are we hired?" Jenny asked.

"Not yet. We need to see a little more. Now, would you disrobe,
please?"

Jenny gasped, her eyes flashed to the young man by the desk. He
was grinning. "What, right here, and in front of him?"

"Oh, my." Sonia giggled at the suddenness and volume of her plea.
"You do realize that I have to see your body first, as we have a
reputation to uphold. He is here to give me a male point of view."

"Oh, yeah, I guess so. I just wasn't prepared yet," Jenny
muttered, trying to cover her inexperience. Only a handful
of men had seen the woman that she had become.

"Well, why don't you two come back when you are more prepared?"
The madam sat on the desk again and reached for her phone.

Adriana pulled on Jenny's arm. She wanted out. Jenny pulled away.
"No, I'm ready now." Jenny started unbuttoning her silk blouse.
(She knew if she left now, she would never get Adriana to come
back, and she wasn't sure if she would return, either.) Adriana
stepped back in disbelief.

"Just put it on the chair," Sonia said, noticing that Jenny looked
confused as to what to do with her blouse when she took it off.

Jenny took a deep breath, slipped her skirt off, placed it on top
of her blouse, and then turned back around. She instantly felt the
eyes of the madam and her nephew burn her skin. She was now left
standing in the red strapless bra and matching panty set that she
had worn on Prom Night. Her outfit was rounded off by her sister's
thigh-high white stockings and black silver-tipped pumps. She
fought her natural instinct to cover herself, as she stood with
her hands on her hips, in a false show of bravado.

"And you, my dear," Sonia purred, now looking at Adriana.

It was now Adriana's turn to shed her suit jacket, blouse, and
skirt, which she did with trembling hands. She had similar
underwear on, only it was purple, her favorite color. She held
her hands over her ample breasts that seemingly threatened to
burst free of their constraints. Sonia giggled at her shyness,
which was rare in her profession.

"As you can see, we have the goods," Jenny said, hoping it was
over.

Silly girl. The madam was far from done.

"You girls do have good taste in undergarments...but I need to see
more."

"Yeah, lose the bras," the nephew hissed.

The girls smacked their lips.

"Well," Sonia said, with a chuckle. "In here, you better get
used to taking orders from men."

"Yeah, let's see those tits." The nephew was growing...eager.

The two girls shared a look, as Jenny tried to apologize to her
cousin with her eyes. She slipped off her bra first, and Adriana's
followed, but only after her cousin elbowed her. When they turned
around, both girls now used their hands to cover their breasts.

"Now, now, drop those hands."

The girls slowly complied with her request. She beckoned to Jenny,
who took a deep breath and then moved closer. Sonia reached out
and used her fingernail to trace a continuous line around Jenny's
perky breasts, as she admired their freshness.

"Very nice. I would say a full B cup," Sonia said, as she cupped
both of Jenny's 19-year-old breasts in her hands and gave them
several soft squeezes. Jenny could only nod. She also closed
her eyes as she never imagined this happening today. It was
also the first time another women had caressed her breasts.

"Nice nipples, too," the madam said, teasingly rolling the light
brown nipples in her fingers. She leaned back to admire Jenny's
reaction to her touch. Jenny's face burned as she glanced at her
"headlights," as the boys called them. Adriana was looking at
the floor. She couldn't bear to watch, figuring she was next.

The nephew had his own ideas. He reached out and pulled Adriana
over, spun her around, and began manhandling her large breasts.

Sonia was too busy admiring the hardness of Jenny's nipples to
notice. "These were just made for this," Sonia oozed, as she
lowered her head and took one of Jenny's hard nipples into her
mouth. Jenny gasped. The madam teased it with her tongue,
before bringing her full red lips down on it, lustfully sucking
for several seconds. She pulled her head away slowly, pulling
back on the nipple until it finally snapped away from her lips.
Jenny's other nipple received the same treatment. Jenny felt her
pussy moisten despite trying to fight it. Jenny had to admit that
the woman knew her nipple sucking.

"Now, let's see the rest," Sonia said. She spun around behind
a surprised Jenny and ran her fingernails lightly down her back,
purring like a kitten as she did so. Sonia's actions caused
Jenny to put her hands on the desk and arch her back.

The nephew enjoyed the view. He let go of Adriana's breasts and
adjusted his hardon. He couldn't believe that today had finally
arrived. (It was his eighteenth birthday, and his aunt had said
he could finally come over to her house for his present...and maybe
a job, like his older brother. He had known about her profession
for years. He loved his aunt more then ever. She promised him
all the pussy he wanted. Her only request was that he not make
an ass of himself and spoil the family name.)

The madam seductively slid Jenny's red panties down, while admiring
her smooth, tanned legs. Jenny moaned as the cool air rushed in to
meet her newly exposed flesh. She thought about her recent shaving
job "down there." Sonia held the panties high over her shoulder
and swirled them around before tossing them onto the pile of
discarded clothing. The nephew cheered. He took the hint and
slid off his chair, ripped Adriana's panties off, and dropped
them onto the pile, too.

Adriana's eyes started to water. She was butt naked in front of
her first man, and he was a complete stranger. She had also felt
his hardness when he moved back behind her and returned to playing
with her breasts. Adriana's hands dropped to guard her treasure.
A scared little virgin she was.

Sonia winked at her nephew and cupped Jenny's ass in her soft
hands and slowly kneaded the silky smooth flesh. (As much as she
liked playing with the new girls, she also wanted to give him a
good show for his birthday.) The madam starting sliding up and
down her body, her fingernails causing Jenny's body to once again
tingle with some reluctant excitement. Jenny's own fingernails
were now digging into the desk. Sonia whispered for her to
put her right knee up on the desk. Jenny gasped, but she slowly
complied, although she realized how exposed this position left her.

Sonia slid down Jenny's back again, her tongue weaving a silky
trail, before her face came to rest on the girl's tight backside.
She kissed Jenny's ass cheeks, leaving matching red lipstick
impressions on each one, and then slowly spread them apart. Jenny
could now feel Sonia's hot breath blowing on her aroused pussy.
The madam licked a finger, her own nipples hard with excitement.
(God, how she loved the smell of young pussy in the morning.)
Jenny let out a whimper when Sonia's wet finger found her pussy
lips. She tried to relax, even though Sonia's fingers were now
pulling on her exposed pussy lips, effectively fanning the two
pink flaps apart. She felt herself gape open, as the madam pulled
her pussy lips in opposite directions. Relaxing went flying out
the window. Sonia spent several seconds admiring Jenny's pinkish
splendor. (Her pussy was a retirement
fund.)

She took one quick taste before standing up and pulling Adriana
over to the desk. She pushed her down and lifted her right leg
up onto the desk. Adriana found herself in the same position
as her cousin. The nephew slid off his stool to get a better
look at the two girls in their compromising positions. He took
some mental pictures.

Adriana cringed as Sonia crouched down and began to examine her
pussy. She also cursed herself now for letting herself be talked
into shaving her pussy bare. (Jenny said all "working girls" did
that.) She almost laughed out loud at the thought, as she really
couldn't understand how she let Jenny talk her into any of this
crap. She was supposed to be the smart one of the pair, and now
she was being displayed like a common whore, to a whore broker and
her nephew. Adriana stiffened up even more when the madam began
fingering her tight pussy. She wondered if Sonia would guess
her secret, but then there was the dildo that Jenny had given her
as a joke for graduation (and that she'd used often since). It
was as big as a man. Sonia also slid a finger into Jenny and
finger-fucked both of them.

Sonia suddenly stood up, as if she seemed eager to get to the
next part. She told the two to get off the desk, turn around,
and stand shoulder to shoulder -- which both of the girls were
happy to do. She brought her hands up to their lips, her fingers
still shimmering with their juices, a sly smile on her face.

"Suck my fingers...like you would a man," Sonia said, as she
pressed fingers into Jenny's mouth and then into Adriana's.
They were sucking before they could even protest at the
perverseness of the act, their brief happiness over.

Once they got over where her fingers had just been, they did their
best to fake their way through it, as neither had ever given a blow
job. Jenny used the knowledge she got from spying on her older
sister with her boyfriends and some of their late night talks,
while Adriana just sucked it like a Popsicle. The nephew watched
(and prayed that he would be next).

"Ah..., Very good girls, but now lets try the real thing," the
madam said, as she motioned to her nephew. The nephew cheered,
his prayers answered. While he eagerly began stripping, Jenny
and Adriana both stood agape.

He stripped to his boxers and stood before them. with his erection
fighting for its freedom. The madam was pleased. Adriana gasped
when Sonia pulled down her nephew's boxers, and his impressive
erection sprang into view, a first for the sheltered Adriana.

"Impressive, yes?" Sonia said, pleased that he was well-endowed
like his older brother.

"Now, if you can handle him, you're all set," she said, as she
hopped onto the desk again and pulled her proud nephew next to her.
"Well, someone give this boy some relief." Then she whispered into his
ear, "Happy birthday." He smiled and nodded. Yes, he loved his aunt.

Jenny looked at her cousin and mouthed the word "sorry," before she
dropped to her knees in front of the nephew. If sucking cock was
going to help her find her sister, then so be it. Jenny took his
large cock in her small hand and marveled at its size for a moment.
Then she started stroking it back in forth. She was trying to get
some saliva going. She used her tongue first, licking in long
strokes, before she finally she took the large purplish head into
her mouth. Her lips were stretched to their limits.

"That's fine dear, but we don't kneel...we squat, like a baseball
catcher," the madam instructed.

Jenny awkwardly moved into position, but she didn't get the
difference. Sucking cock was sucking cock in her eyes...gross.
(Men actually pissed through this thing.) She took his cock
back into her mouth again, while wondering if this guy knew
how many guys before him had begged her for this and how lucky
he was to be her first. She began slowly moving her head back
in forth, with a little assistance from the nephew's hand on
the top of her head.

He smiled. (How he had dreamed of this day.)

"Now, my dear, help her out," Sonia said, motioning to a
stunned Adriana.

Adriana's heart was pounding, her stomach queasy, as she squatted
next to her cousin. She looked to the madam with pleading eyes,
but Sonia said, "Show me your technique."

Adriana almost laughed at the statement. "Would puking be a
technique?" she thought.

Jenny pulled the nephew's cock out of her mouth and held it in her
hand. A tear ran down Adriana's face. She almost gagged, noticing
her cousin's saliva was dripping from its engorged head. Adriana,
with Jenny's encouragement, finally closed her eyes and slowly
opened her lips. Jenny guided it into her mouth. Like her cousin,
just the head seemed to stretch her jaw to its limits. Jenny wiped
away some tears as she cursed herself for dragging Adriana into all
this.

Adriana felt a hand placed on top of her head. It held her firmly,
and the cock began slowly moving in and out of her mouth. Adriana
panicked, but she couldn't open her eyes. "Oh god, he's fucking my
face."

Suddenly the cock was gone, and she gasped for air. Jenny
mercifully took back over, and the two traded turns for the
next stretch. Then the madam wanted one to suck while the
other licked his balls. Jenny quickly licked his balls to
take one for the team. Adriana struggled with her composure
throughout, and her mascara was now running down her cheeks.

Sonia's next request was for the girls to finger themselves
while they sucked. She said it was important because men hardly
returned the favor. This lasted for several long minutes until
she could see that her nephew wanted more.

The madam handed Jenny a condom. She awkwardly rolled it on with
her mouth, following Sonia's request. When she had it good and
lubricated the nephew pulled her to her feet and began fondling
her body. He was ready to fuck.

"One last thing to check," Sonia said, sliding off the desk.
She had Adriana get up on the desk and lie back on her elbows.
Adriana did so, thankful to have her mouth free of cock (while
also trying to come up with a plan to get out of here with her
virginity -- which she was saving for her husband -- intact).

"Now, Jenny, I want you to orally pleasure your friend, while my
nephew has you from behind," the madam said, and then she placed
Adriana's feet on the edge of the desk and spread her knees apart.

Jenny looked at the madam in shock, while Adriana also couldn't
believe her ears. "Surely, Jenny wouldn't do that to me," she
thought. She tried to close her legs, but Sonia was stronger.

"What's the problem?" Sonia snapped and then she giggled. "Oh,
I'm sorry, I didn't mean anal sex, I meant doggie style. Don't
worry, we don't do anal here, unless the girl wants to."

"It's, just, I, ah, never...," Jenny mumbled, looking at Adriana's
exposed pussy, almost oblivious to the finger fucking she was
receiving from the nephew.

"Well...," Sonia said, spreading Adriana's pussy with her
fingers. "You do know that we do girl-girl shows here all
the time? I mean, that's why you brought along a friend.
She will be your sex partner. Some of my best clients are
women. So, if you 'never,' you better get used to it."

The nephew grew impatient and pushed Jenny down. He wanted to
stick his dick in her so badly he could taste it. Jenny had
seen her cousin's pussy up close when she had helped shave her
earlier today, but she had no desire to eat her out. With the
nephew pushing on the back of her head, however, that's exactly
what she found herself doing. Adriana had let out a yelp at her
cousin's first touch and then just shut her eyes in disbelief.

Jenny had only a brief moment to get adjusted to her new position
-- and to the taste of her cousin's pussy -- before she felt the
nephew's large cock penetrate her. She gave out a cry, and so did
Adriana, as the quick move drove Jenny's tongue across her clit for
the first time. The nephew began fucking with long deep strokes,
each one seemingly stretching Jenny's tight 19-year-old pussy to
its absolute limits. And, with each forward motion, Jenny's tongue
dragged across Adriana's increasingly aroused cunt. The madam
joined in.

"Oh, Jenny..., w-What's happing?" Adriana moaned out, seconds
after Sonia started to suck her nipple, Jenny continuing to lick
her pussy up and down. Jenny soon found her own body betraying
her, as the nephew seemed much more experienced then her previous
lovers. (And his extra size was also a major factor.) He picked
up the pace. He may have been young, but the dude knew how to fuck.

Jenny kept reminding herself why she was there. "I'm here for
Kelly...not for the cock. I'm here for Kelly...not for the cock."

Sonia looked up at her office cam. She smiled. This was
going to be one of the best yet. Both girls were now moaning
ecstatically as they seemed to get over the perverseness of
their actions and allowed themselves to experience the orgasmic
pleasures that resulted from them...if only for a couple of
seconds.

Jenny's legs went numb, and the nephew kept pounding away, now
violently. The sounds of slapping flesh filling the room. She
cried out for him to stop as pleasure gave way to pain. The
madam mercifully suggested a switch of positions. Jenny was
happy to get on the desk until she saw Adriana's terror-filled
face. Jenny's heart sank, as she knew this was mostly her fault.
She also remembered that Adriana was a virgin. Her mind searched
for a way out of this, because it was her sister and her plan that
had gotten them into this jam.

"Could I finish him with my mouth?" Jenny pleaded.

Sonia shook her head. She pulled Adriana into position. The
nephew smiled. He loved her apprehension. He liked that "it'll
never fit" look in her eyes. He'd seen it before. He stroked his
cock while thanking the good lord for blessing him.

Adriana held her cousin's knees in her hand, while staring in
between her legs at her glistening pussy. She also felt the
nephew impatiently running his rock-hard cock in between her
ass cheeks. He also reached around her and began roughly
squeezing her ample breasts. Her head was a-swirl with
emotions, but mostly she thought she was going to be physically
sick. She felt the nephew's cock part her pussy lips.

"Please.... I'm a virgin!" she screamed out, thinking of nothing
else to say.

"Really?" the madam giggled in surprise.

"Well, there's always a first time," the nephew said, freshly
throwing her back into position. He loved tearing into virgins.

"Please, I'm scared!" Adriana cried out.

"Please, I can finish him off," Jenny said, as she tried to get off
the table to rescue her cousin, but Sonia pushed her back down.

"Please, I'll even swallow."

"Nonsense. We aren't five-dollar street whores here, bitch," the
suddenly cold-hearted madam said, slapping Jenny's face. She
turned to Adriana with a glare. "C'mon, girl. It shouldn't hurt
much. Your pussy wasn't that tight. Plus, your cousin didn't
seem to mind."

The nephew pushed on Adriana's back until her lips finally came
into contact with Jenny's pussy. Adriana was pleading. Sonia
pushed on the back of her head, effectively silencing her protests.

"That's right, eat your cousin's little pussy," the madam hissed.

"Wait just a fucking second!" Jenny screamed. She pushed Adriana
away. Jenny sprang up and grabbed the surprised madam by the neck
with one hand and a sharp letter opener from the desk with the
other. "How the fuck did you know she was my cousin?"

"And you, don't fucking move!" Jenny screamed, looking at the
startled nephew. "Or I'll gut her like a pig."

"Adriana, check his clothes for a gun."

Jenny had to tell her stunned cousin twice. She didn't find
anything on them, but then Jenny had her search the desk.
Adriana found a black handgun in the bottom drawer. She
quickly passed it to Jenny and then raced over to her pile of
clothes.

"Answer my question, bitch!" Jenny snarled, now pointing the gun
at the madam.

"Please, put the gun down before you hurt someone. It's not a
toy," Sonia whined. The nephew tried to sneak closer, but
stopped when she pointed the gun at his still hard cock. She
ordered him onto the floor face down. He did so with some
discomfort. Then Jenny had Adriana tie his arms behind his
back with his belt.

Jenny sneered, "I know this is a nine-millimeter, and it will put
a good size hole in your head. The one thing my daddy taught me
before he died was how to use a fucking gun. I think he wanted
boys; he was a cop after all."

"I know," Sonia chirped.

"What, bitch?" Jenny snapped.

"Please, enough of the 'bitch' thing," Sonia said, shaking her
head. "Well, it's simple, my dear, we do check out our girls...."

"Oh, like today, you fucking, perverted, bitch!"

"No, I mean, we find out about their families, their backgrounds,
and stuff."

"So, you knew I was Kelly's sister all along?"

"Yes, but...."

"Yes, but what?"

"But, I thought you might want work, too. That happens, you know,"
the madam lied. (She was trying to stay calm. She wondered where
the hell her security team was. She sighed, remembering that she
told them she wanted to be alone, so she figured that they were
probably getting free blow jobs from some of the new more gullible
girls.)

"Bullshit!" Jenny snapped. "And you knew she was my cousin?"

The madam nodded. "Yes, your sister spoke of her often. She
seemed somewhat jealous of your closeness growing up. But mostly
I remembered her distinctive first name."

"You fucking bitch!" Jenny growled. "And you still made us...you
know." Jenny wiped her face. The taste of Adriana's pussy was
still on her breath.

"Look, we were just playing," Sonia pleaded.

"Yeah, right!"

Adriana, now dressed, came over with Jenny's clothes.

Jenny just set them aside, her nakedness no longer an issue. She
started grilling the madam about her sister. Sonia admitted that
Kelly had come to work for her, and, for a while, everything had
been fine. Then she started having nightmares, finally confessing
that her father had molested her before he died. Thereupon Jenny
lost it. She placed the gun in the madam's mouth and told her to
"take that back," repeatedly. She finally listened to Adriana's
pleas and pulled the gun away, and then Sonia finished by saying
that Kelly had stolen fifty thousand dollars from her and run off
with it, maybe with a John, and she had no idea where she was now.

Jenny just kept telling Sonia she was a liar, but the madam
stood by her story. (It was in fact a lie. Kelly did run off
with the money, but Sonia had found her. She was now locked
in the bondage/torture room in the basement. Clients paid good
money to have their fun with her. It was the one room where
anything went. Kelly's life was now a living hell.)

Adriana held Jenny's clothes in her arms and pleaded with her to
leave.

"Not yet, 'my dear,'" she said, mimicking the madam, her eyes
changing from baby-blue to jet-black.

"You, stand up." She kicked the nephew in the ribs and helped him
to his feet. "Awww...," she teased, as she pulled the condom off
his now flaccid penis. She grabbed him by the balls until he
screamed out in pain and then pushed him back onto one of the
seats.

"First, I want to see something," Jenny said, as she pointed the
gun at the madam again. "Strip."

"You can't be serious," Sonia said, with a nervous laugh.

"Dead serious!" Jenny snapped. "Now, strip, bitch."

Sonia shook her head. She had to find away to hit the panic
button under her desk. Jenny moved over and slapped her face.
Sonia looked at her nephew and wished he'd avert his gaze,
but knew that, at his age, he wouldn't.

Jenny tugged at the dress. The madam slipped it off and followed
it with her red silk slip, her garter belt, and her stockings.
She stood for a moment only in her red bra and matching panties.
Jenny waved the gun again.

"That's a good girl," Jenny teased, as Sonia's bra hit the
floor.

"Nice boob job," Jenny said with a laugh, at Sonia's obviously
fake rack, before she reached out and twisted one of her brown
nipples. "Trying to fool father time."

"Fuck you," Sonia sneered, as she batted Jenny away.

"Now, lets see the rest..., but not you," Jenny muttered. "You,"
she said, pointing at Adriana.

"Look, this is gone far enough," the madam said.

"No. Fuck you. I like to play, too."

Adriana was puzzled by all of this, but complied. The madam vowed
to get Jenny for her actions.

"But we're not done yet," Jenny teased. "Put her leg up on the
table, just like ours were, her large ass facing us." Adriana
did it, numbly.

"Now, show us her pussy," Jenny said, making sure that the nephew
could see. Adriana understood now, although she simply wanted to
leave. Instead, she pulled Sonia's pussy open.

Jenny considered making the nephew eat her out, but she thought he
just might enjoy that, judging by the fact that his cock was coming
back to life, and he wasn't putting up much of a fight.

She ordered the madam to masturbate in this position. Sonia
huffed, but she obeyed. They watched her finger her pussy for
several minutes. Jenny giggled. The nephew's hardon was back.

"That's enough!" Jenny cried out. (She didn't want her to cum.)
"Now it's your turn to suck your own juices."

Jenny's plan was becoming painfully obvious. Sonia turned
around and licked her fingers defiantly.

"Now time for the real thing," Jenny teased.

"No fucking way!" the nephew protested, purely for appearances.

The madam simply laughed, as she knew it was coming. "I will get
you for this, you know that."

Jenny grabbed her hair and pushed her to her knees. "On your
knees, whore! You don't have a problem with incest, do yah?"

She held his hard cock in her hand and fed it to the madam.
"C'mon, bitch, suck," Jenny screamed at her to hurry her up.
"Most madams were whores once."

Sonia was mumbling with a full mouth. Jenny moved behind her
and forced her head to move faster and deeper. After several
minutes, she had another idea. She ordered the nephew up and
moved the madam so her back was pressed against the desk. Jenny,
happy with the new position, moved the nephew forward and started
trusting her hips into the nephews, and they face-fucked the madam
in tandem for several minutes. Jenny finally squatted down with
Sonia when she felt the nephew's body started to quiver.

"One last thing," Jenny teased, as she pulled the nephew's
quivering cock out of Sonia's mouth and started stroking it.

"Please, not that," Sonia sobbed, before a blast of her nephew's
cum hit her face, and then Jenny milked the rest out onto Sonia's
breasts and finished by rubbing the dripping cock all over her
face.

"Nice hair, too," Jenny teased, as she used the madam's hair to
clean off her hand.

Jenny stood up and suddenly kicked the nephew in the back of the
knee, causing him to crash on top of the madam.

"Let's go," Jenny yelled at Adriana and then she raced for the
door, her frightened cousin hot on her heels.

Jenny waved her gun at the surprised doorman.

"Hey, I just work here," he squealed, and then he opened the door.
Jenny saw her keys hanging on a wall hook and grabbed them. The
two girls raced to the car and sped off. Adriana drove and Jenny
finally dressed herself.

Jenny dropped off her emotionally frazzled cousin and returned
home. She confronted her mother with the madam's molestation
accusations. At first she denied it, but later admitted that
it MIGHT have happened. She just wasn't sure. Jenny stormed
out of the house upon hearing that news and stayed over at
Adriana's, but returned a few days later to try to put her life
back in order.

******************************

Jenny took a part time job at a flower shop and tried to keep it
together, but not a day went by that she didn't think about her
sister.

A week later she was surprised when she found a package in her car.
It had a VHS tape in it. Jenny didn't need to read the note to
know who it was from. Sonia wanted to see her again. Jenny
watched the chilling tape. It started with her naked sister
bound and gagged. It was clear that she had sex toys stuffed in
her pussy and her asshole. It was also clear that she had been
whipped and beaten. Two well-endowed black men entered the
picture, their intentions quite clear. Jenny couldn't watch any
more. She read the note with tears in her eyes. Her sister had
been found, but this would be her daily fate until Jenny returned
to see the madam.

She needed a plan and quick. 

******************************

The next day she pulled up to that haunting steel gate. She was
still armed with the 9mm and planned to forced her way into the
madam's office. She knew her sister was in there somewhere.

She made it to Sonia's office without much resistance, but it
was a set-up. As the door opened, two large men knocked her pistol
away and tackled her. Seconds later, the nephew ran in carrying a
large black bag. Sonia began barking out orders. Jenny knew she was 
in trouble. The men made short work of her clothing, violently shredding 
it from her body. Then her hands were bound and she was gagged and 
blindfolded.

She was lifted onto the shoulders of the biggest of the men and
carried to the basement, where they took her to the "medical room,"
used for men and women with medical fantasies. She was placed on
the special leather exam chair, and her feet were bound to the
chair's steel stirrups. Her arms were pulled over her head, and
her hands cuffed in place. A large strap around her waist
completed the restraints.

The portion under her ass dropped down and her legs were spread
obscenely wide open. She could do no more than moan into her gag,
in futility. She knew she was about to be used. Each of the men
took some time to fondle her naked body. She felt cold and slimy
fingers rubbing her pussy, and others twisting at her nipples, as
she tried to disassociate her mind from her body.

The three men played "odds and evens," and the nephew won.

"Oh, I've waited for this...round two," the nephew said, driving
his cock into Jenny's pussy. "And after this I'm going to fuck
your ass and then maybe go rape your sister's ass again. She's
right next door. Silly girl, she's been here the whole time."

Jenny actually found comfort in his cruel words. She knew she
had to hold out, no matter what they did to her.

And, in fact, she didn't have long to wait.

Suddenly a number of large men came boiling into the room.

"FREEZE! POLICE!"

The thugs were taken completely by surprise. It was their turn to
be cuffed. They were dragged away while Jenny was freed from the
exam chair, a gentlemanly officer covering her with his jacket.

"My Sister! Kelly, my sister...she's next door," Jenny cried out
after her gag was removed.

"No, she's right here," Kelly said, rushing in. The two collapsed
into a hug.

After several tearful minutes, Jenny looked up to a blurry but
familiar face.

"Good work, sweetheart, thanks for the phone call. You're one
brave girl to do what you did." he said, adding, "we've been
trying to nail these guys for years, and now, thanks to you,
it looks like they'll be going away for a long time. Ever
think about going into police work?"

"Thanks, but that was way too close. I think I'll find a less
stressful line of work." Jenny turned to her sister.

"Never leave me again, Kelly." The two embraced again as the
detective awkwardly stood by.

"Well, your car's outside. You two get some R&amp;R.... I'll be in
touch," he said and turned to leave.

"Okay, and thanks again for believing my story."

"No problem. I knew your dad; he was a good man."

"Speaking of dad," Kelly said, with a sniffle. "That bitch of a
madam told me that she told you that he molested me."

"He didn't?"

"NEVER!"

"I knew it.... I always knew he loved us. Now let's go see
mom...and Adriana.... It&#8217;s her birthday. Oh, what the hell! 
Let's have a party!"

Giggling, they exited arm in arm.


The End



Thanks for reading my story. I hope you liked it, and I'd love
to hear from you.



Edited by C. Lakewood





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





