BDSM Library - Mum And The Rude Optician!




Mum And The Rude Optician!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bobby spies on his Mum having a very rude, adulterous sex session with her optician.






This is the story of the second incident in Mum's cuckolding and whoredom, and her adventures into S/M. 



This was what made me realise her secret rude side existed for sure, because at this time I'd only suspected about her having made a sex video [Described in my story "Teresa's Torture"], but not having seen it myself at this point, I could only go on my instincts and hints from the incident with Kabul. [It was ten years after this that I eventually saw the film itself.] 



I only suspected she might be unfaithful to Dad sometimes, not having seen anything myself to confirm it. Therefore all I had were my fantasies at this point, which I secretly enjoyed, but I still knew I'd be horrified if I ever discovered she'd had someone else than Dad in reality. Subconsciously I suppose I knew for sure, but at the time I was mentally blanking out the conversations and indicators I'd heard and seen concerning her adventure with Kabul and his friends. It seemed too incredible to be real, and also one of those things a respectable, middle class family brushes under the carpet and pretends never happened, hoping it'll go away!



Mum used to see a certain optician, Mr. Miller, in his shop up the road. I'd never liked him at all, having been there a couple of times in the past when we'd been for our eye tests, and I didn't like his attitude. He was self important, pompous and patronising to both of us, and I guessed he fancied my Mum. The way he would fuss around her, touching her unnessecarily, made me squirm. Plus when the lights were dimmed for her tests, Mum would slip off her shoes as she sat in the chair, relaxing and rubbing a stockinged foot up her other leg suggestively.



She would laugh at his jokes and innuendo to her during the tests, even once giggling when his hand slipped from her shoulder and closed over her right breast through her top, before he moved to the light switch again! I'm sure I saw that happen, there in the dark!



He was a very big man, professorish but powerful too, and I felt that somehow Mum was attracted to him.



At one point in time when Dad was away abroad, he wasn't sending any money home to us, as he'd gotten into a bad situation, and Mum needed her expensive spectacles replacing. I happened to be with her after shopping when she next saw her optician, so I was there when we sat before him at his desk in the office.



Mum acted up to him, to try and get them for free, or at least so he would delay the need to pay till next time.



He hummed and pontificated, lecturing her about it. This guy really was a self righteous bastard, and I was irked to see my Mum accepting his telling off. 



When she kicked off her shoes and made very flirty body language to him, I felt hurt and uncomfortable. My annoyance was building up, and I felt a knot in my stomach.



Mum then told me to go and wait in the reception area, as they had to discuss business, as she put it.



I noticed as I left that they left his office by another door. I glimpsed inside as it opened. It was a little poky storeroom, with a high metal couch, cushioned in black rubber.



As it was near closing time with our appointment being the last, his assistant, a weighty black woman, was alone in the reception area, where I waited.



I sat nervous, pretending to be engrossed in a magazine. Soon I saw the woman turn the volume down on the intercom and switch it on. She eyed me to check I wasn't listening, then put her ear down to the speaker, turning the sound slightly up. 



Just audibly, I heard sounds from it.



I recognised the optician's voice mumbling something and sounding very smug, along with Mum's voice going, "Hugh! Ough! Ourrgh!"



At first, I was sure she must have been just laughing out loud at some joke of his. Then, I doubted that. 



What was he actually doing to my Mum, in there? 



The black woman smiled as she heard these sounds, then switched the intercom off after looking over at me and smirking in a manner I found uncomfortable.



Mum emerged maybe half an hour later, looking quite happy and normal. I assumed this couldn't have been what I thought it was. 



Mr. Miller said she'd better bring the money this time next week, or she'd have to pay extra for the delay. Mum promised, sounding dubious about the extra, but having to accept it. 



Mz. B, his assistant, let us out, reiterating to Mum about the extra next week. She blew a loud raspberry at Mum after repeating that word, and to my surprise my Mum blushed very red at that! Mum denied to me that the woman meant anything by it.



I couldn't help it, I drew scenes of Mum bonking the optician that night, and wanked with them. Masochistic feelings of both hate for him and lust for the sleazy idea of him taking advantage of my Mum overcame me. I drew pics of him having her in the test chair, etc. 



I suspected she found them during the week, as she'd cleaned my room while I was out one day, and they'd been moved about!



Well next week came, and Dad still hadn't sent the money. We were due to go and explain, after a bit of shopping. I noticed Mum always seemed to dress more tartily and provocatively than usual on visits to the optician. 



Today she wore a flimsy white blouse that you could see her black lacy bra clearly through, a pair of black tights that had thick tarty seams all up the backs of her legs, the highest heels I'd ever seen her wear, plus a tiny black stretch mini skirt. This was so small you could see the tops of her legs where they joined into her buttocks!



Her hair was newly permed and peroxided blonde too, and she put on lots of make up to finish her raunchy strumpet look.



She hardly looked at all like my respectable, churchgoing Mum!



I felt so embarrassed walking up the shopping centre with her. Men were making comments as she passed, saying things like, "Corr! I'd love to get up that!" 



Everyone was staring at her, and their eyes were lingering on her bum, which was like two eggs in a wet cloth!



She seemed to ignore them, yet she also smirked as I blushed angrily red and glared at the blokes, and she told me not to stare at the nice men!



Mr. Miller's receptionist was again the only one there now, as she'd seen off the previous customer. She smiled nastily on our arrival, and asked if Mum and I had the payment today. 



When told we didn't, the negress smirked at Mum and said, "Well now, honey, I hope you are ready to have to pay our exxxtra!"



She sounded that last word lasciviously, drawing it out and widening her eyes mockingly, as if it meant something totally different and more lewd. If it did, Mr. Miller must have told her, and they'd obviously laughed at us about it!



As we sat before Mr. Miller again, he told us off once more, lecturing my Mum and saying, "Do you understand what this means, Teresa? I'm adding on the extra!"



Mum looked sheepishly up at him from under her curls and replied quietly, "Yes, Mr. Miller. I'm sorry. We'll have to come to an arrangement!"



He waved his pen at her, very pompously. He always had this oversized metal pen, a big long thing that he used to sign things with. As they got up to go into the side room, he took it with him. 



Mum let me stay in his office this time, saying, "Don't worry, love, I've just got to try and get round Mr. Miller about the bill. You stay here, it'll be okay."



She slipped of her shoes and left them with me along with the bags, telling me to look after them. 



I still recall the smell of her perfume and the slight musky scent of her feet, as she popped off her warm footwear, and the way she pulled and straightened the nylon from it's ruffled place between her toes. The sense of worry combined with sexual titillation as she kissed my cheek still moves me to this day.



Her crimson wet lips awoke my desire, before she pulled away, leaving me with a lurching stomach and sense of doom as she allowed Mr. Miller to lead her away. 



The last thing I saw before the door shut was her ass quivering and clenching nervously in it's tight clothing as Mr. Miller's big hand roved over it.



I waited in silence. Suddenly, I heard the noises again, louder now that I was only on the other side of the door.



Mum's voice was loudly groaning, "OURGH! UUGHH!" 



Mr. Miller was grunting like a pig.



I didn't know what to do. I walked around, worrying. 



I looked through the office door window, into the reception room. The cheeky black girl had the intercom on again, listening to Mum and Mr. Miller, as they were loud enough to be picked up by the unit on his desk.



Now she was alone, the receptionist had a hand down her skirt, touching herself and smirking as she listened!



I had to try and find out what was happening in there. Surely my Mum wasn't having sex with him?



There was a small one way mirror on the door they'd gone through, and I found if I switched his office lamp off, I could dimly see through it.



Wow, what a sight met my worried gaze!



Mr. Miller was standing with his back to me, his pants down, and his big ugly arse thrusting forward steadily, with Mum's arms and legs showing round his back! 



The dirty big bastard was fucking my Mum!



Her fingers clawed the air or clung to his grey shirted shoulders, and her tights were almost off, rolled round her feet with the crotch of them between her ankles. Her sexy toes clenched, waved and shook, sensually stroking each other, as her voice slowly became more urgent.



My dick leapt to erection, despite my hurt, and I had to take it out and put my handkerchief over it to prevent it messing my pants and the floor if I came. 



He grunted as he fucked her, as he actually fucked my Mum, bonking her with long deep thrusts.



"Unnh, Unnhh, Uhnnnnh!"



He fucked in and out between her legs and made the couch she sat up upon shake and bang against the wall.



Her cries built up to a crescendo, and then a deafening pause infected the air. 



Then she went, "UUUUuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhrrrrrrllllllllllll!"



She froze, with her feet tensing, stretching out the nylon between them, and one hand spread, shivering in the air! 



Yes! It seemed she was coming. Unbelievable but true! My Mum with the optician, behind Dad's back, was orgasming in abandon on Mr. Miller's dick!



When he pulled off her, he turned to the side, and Mum lay back on the couch, pulling her legs right up to her chest. For the first time, I saw her naked body. It was really sexy, with firm wobbling boobs, a hairy crotch, and nipples that stood up all red and excited. 



I also saw he was still hard, maybe he hadn't come yet. His dick was a great big veiny thing maybe 10 inches long, with a foreskin that only just covered his huge onion like knob end! 



It still throbbed at her, and I felt sick to my stomach to know he'd just used that huge sausage dick on Mum, but my cock pulsed even harder, to see how aroused she was by it.



I couldn't believe what happened next. He took hold of his large pen, and Mum let him prod it on her bumcheeks, while lecturing her about the unpaid bill.



"Do you know what I'm gonna do to you, Teresa?", he patronised.



"Yes, Sir!", she chirped, widening her legs upward a bit, and letting one hand reach back into her hair, posing for him like some 60's sex symbol.



He moved his hand down, putting the pen between her twitching buttocks. Then he touched it on her arsehole.



Suddenly, Mum let out a deafening groan, almost a roar, of mixed lust and indignation, as he pushed it up her arse!



I watched the lewd, shocking sight of Mum and the optician having a very rude sex session. He was in there with her, and Mum was lying back, offering her bare behind to him and his pen!



Mum actually went "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRGHHHH!", as he shoved it up her bum!



The optician shoved his pen up my Mum's bum!



My stomach lurched as he began to waggle it around, wiggling it sideways, then up and down, and then twisting it around, making her surprisingly broad, dark and creased arsehole twitch and stretch at his ministrations.



She made moans of surprise and disgust but clear enjoyment as he did it!



Keeping her legs up with one hand, she reached out for his dick with the other. I saw her little dainty fingers take his shaft, and begin to pull him off over her body.



She skilfully wanked off the optician, as he turned, twisted and plugged the pen around up her bum! It was so rude seeing Mum let him do it, even encouraging him by wanking him lewdly like she was a prostitute, and waving her eyebrows suggestively. All the while she was looking back and forth from his face to the object being waggled in her arsehole! 



Smirking now at him, she blew raspberries and giggled about the thing stuck in her bung, between her groans, as if she was shocked but liked it.



She was going, "Eeeehhh, Pfffft! Yyyyoooooo, Pffft! Yeeeeee, Pffft!"



He snarled in lust at that, "Woarrgh!", and in his lust he really jiggled and shoved the pen around harder, right up her arse.



His other hand reached out to her tits now, crudely grabbing them and squeezing them alternately, with Mum's red aroused nipples poking up between his fingers.



Her shockingly lewd behaviour for that big pervert was so weirdly erotic that I gasped, and held my breath, hoping I wasn't seen or heard, as my sperm poured into my handkerchief. All this was making me shudder in ecstasy and humiliation, all at once, transfixed by this sight! 



Her hand worked on his dick, expertly squeezing, pulling and rubbing, and now she panted out in rhythm, in time to her jerkings off.



It was both the most disgusting sight I'd ever seen, yet the most arousing I'd ever seen!



Suddenly, his hand left the pen, and a big jet of sperm shot out of him, landing with a splat across Mum's aroused tits!



"YES!", he snarled, as Mum giggled and wobbled her defiled, cum streaked, cheating tits in encouragement! 



Oh my God, he was having my Mum in the dirtiest way in there, and I peeped on their secret, hot and peverted adultery! 



"Ahh yes, do it, you dirty man!" she said, and she pointed his dick over her body, directing his jets over her navel and filling it up, then directing spurts over her crotch, splattering her pubic hair with his white juice.



Now she smiled at him as she held him toward her bum, to let all the rest of his sponk splurt and shoot down her bumcrack, splattering and covering her cornhole. The pen still quivered, unattended, embedded in her brown hole!



I thought that was it, so I hurriedly put myself away and sat down, expecting their speedy emergence, but there was more.



After some minutes, I heard him say, "And now are you ready to give me the extra, Teresa?"



She replied, "Yes Sir. I am ready."



I still didn't get up, for fear of being seen at the window, now. I waited quietly, wondering what the extra he insisted on actually was. 



Suddenly I heard him laugh loudly, and Mum said, "Ooohh, it's gone right in! Ooohh God, how could you?" Soon I heard her groaning again, and him slapping something. So I risked a look at the window again, and saw that Mum was leaning side on, against the wall. He was behind her, shoving his cock into her, and slapping her arse. Then I saw the worst bit.



She shifted a little, and I saw his boner was right up her bum! Mum was taking the optician up the arse!



So that was the "Extra" that Mum had to pay, and what the receptionist had mocked us about. He had demanded to shag my Mum up her shithole! Worse, she'd ended up agreeing to it!



It was a bit sick making, to watch his enormous, veiny willy sliding into my Mum's brown bumhole, right there in the otherwise placid premises amid the quiet and unsuspecting shopping centre outside. People were probably going past outside, people who knew us, even. Friends, relatives, neighbours; all were unaware of what the local optician was doing to my Mum in there!



Under theirs and my Dad's noses, was Mum's lewd affair with Mr. Miller!



He had a hand round her waist, pulling her back onto him, and the other grabbing her blonde permed hair, as he crudely shoved himself up her dirtbox. 



He growled as he fucked her arsehole.



"Hulllgh! Ullgh! Hullllgh!"



"Do you like it, Teresa?"



"Yes, Sir! Hooohh, Huuurrmmhh!"



She was tossing her head around in joy. I didn't want to be seen if she turned this way, so I sat down again, leaving the window.



I waited there, I'm not sure how long, but hearing every grunt, slap and exclamation from them was both straining on my mind and very arousing. I got hard again. I risked another look, when I heard the fucking sounds stop.



Now, he was stood there, with Mum just turning round to kneel before him. She held his huge erection by the root, near his balls, and her free hand went down between her legs, rubbing herself on her hot hairy pussy. 



She let his foreskin roll back a bit. Then she exclaimed, "Oooooohhh!", and chuckled ripely!



I couldn't be sure what I saw, with the dimmed view I had, but I thought I saw something! 



No! It couldn't be! Surely that wasn't a little blob of Mum's own SHIT, from her BUM, left there on his purple knob end? Surely NOT!



I hoped it wasn't, because Mum just opened her lips and went, "Ooommmmmmgghhhh!", clamping them round his dick, and squeezed her cunt in deep joy!



She sucked him deeply, and the sweet loving Mum I was used to certainly seemed to know how to suck a dick! He quickly tensed up, and I saw his cock thud and throb in Mum's lips. She sucked hard, swallowing deeply. He was shooting his sponk in her mouth!



She moaned appreciatively, and slowly raunched her hips onto her hand, climaxing as she took his ejaculate on her tongue, with her closed lips catching every drop!



I heard them cleaning themselves up, and soon they came out, with Mum looking all happy again, and even Mr. Miller had a smirk on his face! Very unusual for the patronising, stuck up bastard, except when he was around my Mum, perhaps!



Mum said wasn't it nice of Mr. Miller to let her have the glasses for free! She thanked him for being so kind! I mumbled an answer when she insisted I thank him too!



However, the black girl stopped Mum as we went to leave, and wanted a private word with her.

I was told to wait outside. I could see her talking to Mum in the reception area, and she produced a videotape. I didn't catch the cover, but Mum went bright red. The girl then grabbed my Mum in an embrace, letting her black hands go up Mum's skirt, lifting it at the back and squeezing Mum's bumcheeks hard, and jiggling them up and down as she said something

obviously suggestive! I saw Mum nodding then, meekly, as the girl wagged her finger, clearly demanding or warning about something.



The black girl joked as she let us out, that Mum might want to go out the backdoor instead, and slapped Mum's bottom as she said so! Mum went red again! As we walked away, she called out after us, "So remember Teresa, I'll be in touch about the little session you owe me now!" and pretended to lash a whip in the air, going "Whoo-TSSHH!" at us!



Mum wouldn't answer my questions about why she went off alone with Mr. Miller, and denied anything personal had happened, even berating me for suspecting so!



However, at bedtime that night, I found Mum had left her used tights from that day, as if by accident, just outside my bedroom door. I took them, and during the night I wanked like crazy with them, with my dick in the toes of her nylons.



I was muttering "Ohhh, Mum! Ooolla, Mum!" as the scenes of her with Mr. Miller whirled round in my mind.



Yes, I wanked in a tormented frenzy into the tights that Mum had fucked the optician in, and recalled her sweating and groaning in passion!



I'm sure I heard her laugh at one point, from her room, but I assumed it was just talking in her sleep, and that she couldn't have heard me. 



Was she teasing me on purpose? I couldn't be sure. Anyway, she never said a thing about finding her tights all thick with my sperm the next day!



I naturally wondered what the cheeky young negress had meant about what she said as we left,

and though I waited for signs, I had no indication of anything, so I worked my usual shifts and carried on. However, about two months afterward, I was looking in Mum's underwear drawer for some of her tights or panties to wank into [No, NOT to wear myself, I ain't into that!]



Well, I found a brown envelope at the bottom of her lowest drawer, hidden among all the clothes. In it, I found, were a collection of polaroid photographs. The first one I got out was a close-up of Mum with her tongue pushed right down between the toes of that very black girl!

There was the tip of a nasty looking whip lodged between her toes, and Mum was having to try to dig it out with her tongue! Her eyes were screwed up in concentration, and the black girl's face showed in the background, a nasty snarling expression of scorn and cruel joy on her features!



Another showed Mum sucking on the negress' soles, with her dusky feet all covered with Mum's saliva. Others showed her whipping Mum's bare arse very cruelly, in various positions, with Mum clearly yelling or screaming as her bum was lashed with red weals. Others showed Mum licking the ebony girl's pussy; and her arsehole. Yes, Mum had her tongue shoved up the black ass of her tormentor. Various other things were shown too, such as them sixty-nining, or the girl poking various unusual objects into Mum's cunt or arsehole- pencils, lipsticks,

spoons, lots of things!



You can imagine how they made me feel!



I've never forgotten that experience. It revealed a lot about her to me, and spurred on my secret thoughts of her.



Remember, out there there's more than cuckolding wives, there's cuckolding moms too!













&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MUM AND THE RUDE OPTICIAN!&nbsp; Part 2.

A couple of years later, this incident happened.

I used to go shopping with Mum, as she needed help to carry the bags, as the shopping centre was only a short walk away and Mum saw no need for the car. One day, before shopping, she came downstairs all dressed up, in a black leather miniskirt and flimsy blouse, her hair newly done and wearing the leather thong sandals I'd just bought her for Mothers Day. Her toes were newly painted and she wore an ankle chain and toe rings. "Do I look okay Bob?" she asked.

She looked so sexy and I said, "Yes, Mum.But why are you dressed up like this?"&nbsp; She smiled.

"I just felt like, that's all!" 

As we walked through the high street she was getting looks and comments from men, and even a woman who served us in the shop. Mum bought many things, including new make up stuff. In the cafe, Mum got us some bananas and a chocolate dip each. Mum was looking around at the men, smiling at the wolf whistles she got. She peeled her banana and as she dipped it into the chocolate mousse, she casually told me she had to see Mr Miller the Optician today. There was a big blob of chocolate on the end of her banana, and she explained she had run up a bill again to him, and she needed better spectacles, she wanted gold rimmed ones. The horror of what Mr Miller had done to her before all came back to me. I sat nervous, my stomach tensing up in jealousy but my dick growing erect. She said he would probably charge extra for the gold rimmed ones. She looked at me as she licked off the chocolate from the banana. My dick was throbbing, but I said how I hated him and she shouldn't go there. She told me I was being silly, he was a nice man and very understanding about her bills to him. 

Mum was dangling her sandal from her foot, teasing some rough workmen who sat across from us. They stared at her as she licked more chocolate suggestively from the banana. I was going red in embarrassment, and I wanted to get out of there. The workmen laughed as we left, staring at Mum's bum in her tight miniskirt, and calling out, "Hey love, you can lick our bananas any time!" Mum giggled and I flushed hotter! Mum had no bra on, and I saw her nipples were up and erect as we went through the doorway. 

The optician had the closed sign up as we got there, and I was relieved, nothing would happen, at least not today. Mum rang the bell, and that bossy cheeky receptionist answered, letting us in and saying sharply, "Come on we've been waiting for you!"

I couldn't believe I was there again, sitting next to Mum in Mr Miller's office, across his desk he sat and lectured at us. He was the same arrogant patronising bastard as always, wagging his finger at us and telling Teresa off for being slow with his bills. Mum fluttered her eyelashes, telling him Dad was away working again and having money trouble. She said she really wanted her gold rimmed glasses, as she dropped off her sandals and put her bare feet up on his desk. 
The snooty, mealy mouthed, self righteous arse of an optician began tapping his pen on her sexy toes, lecturing to her as he did. "Please Mr Miller, perhaps we can, er... come to some arrangement again!", she simpered to him. 

"Well, perhaps." he replied, "But you know it's Extra Extra this time, don't you?" As he said the word "Extra", he put his pen between her toes, twirling it in and out. It was obviously a sexual signal. She giggled.

"Ooohh! Yes Sir, I understand!" She was sucking up to this bastard, in front of me, knowing I hated him. She told me to wait and not to worry, she needed to discuss business again with nice Mr Miller! She stroked my hair and kissed my cheek, and her tits rubbed my shoulder as she did. I felt her erect nipples rub me through her blouse. Oh, no, they were very hard and erect! 

"Mum, please don't!" I blurted out, asking her not to go in the other room with him, but she was already walking barefoot across the carpet and Mr Miller following her, with a big bulge in his pants. Oh no, it was happening again!

I went into the reception area. Nobody there but the receptionist, and the closed sign still up. She smirked at me, with her intercom on, and yes, there were little sounds of Mum's voice coming from it. "Hoourgh! Ourgh!" 

"Everything all right, Bob?" Mz B., the receptionist asked me. "Is your Mum being SEEN TO, then? We like to be professional here you know, Mr Miller likes dealing with pretty wives and Mothers, and I so enjoy assisting him! Don't worry, I'm sure your Mum's being well SEEN TO!" She plugged her thumb through her black fingers, in and out, gesturing at me as she said it! I was very red and humiliated, my scalp prickling in heat and embarrassment, and she raised her eyebrow at the bulge in my trousers. "If you are worried about Teresa, there is a back yard out there Bob. You can check on her if you like, as long as you don't interfere with Mr Miller's business with your Mum. He's VERY professional, you know!" 

Mz B. laughed out loud at me as she directed me through the corridor, and locked me out in the silent cramped yard. It was going dark, being Autumn, and there was an evergreen bush next to the window. I hid behind the bush and looked into the room he'd taken Teresa into, and I shuddered with horror and guilty curiosity. 

Mum was in the Optician's test chair, her skirt off and blouse wide open. Mr Miller stood in front of her, pants down, rubbing his huge veiny willy at her and giving her orders. "More, make them redder, Teresa, come on, now!" 

I saw then what she was doing. She had her new bright red lipstick, putting it on to her big red nipples! "This okay now, Sir?", she asked meekly. 

He got between her legs again and shoved his great big dick right up her hairy juicy cunt, and resumed his fucking of my Mum. I watched, hating it but needing to wank as the arrogant optician shagged my Mom. Her bare feet with jewellery on stroked his big hairy backside and her toes wiggled in pleasure. She groaned, "Hugh! Hoogh! Ooogh!" Sometimes he would press himself on to her, and I saw her tit all red and excited, being squeezed out to the side by his chest, and smearing lipstick on to his pressed white shirt. He screwed my Mum in the test chair. PUMP! PUMP! PUMP! 

Suddenly Mz B. walked in to the room, grinning at them. She picked up Mum's handbag and rooted through it. The two fucking in the chair carried on, not minding her. Mz B pulled out Mum's large make up brush, and with a smirk the black woman came and began tickling Teresa's bare feet with it, teasing her into further sexual oblivion. The receptionist bossed Mum about and taunted her. "Take it like a good girl, Teresa!" She even began recording and photographing them with Mum's mobile phone! 

Mum orgasmed. I could tell, the way she opened her mouth and shut her eyes. When she relaxed again, Mr Miller was approaching his vinegar strokes. He roughly grabbed her boobs, her red tit ends poking out between his fingers, and groaned nastily as his dick throbbed, pulsating up my Mum's hairy red slit and pumping out his thick invading spooge up inside her. 

Mum cooed to him, pretending to be shocked but smiling happily. Strangely, she sang a silly rhyme as the optician spunked her. "Dib Dob Doe! My Big Toe! Dirty Doctor Spanks me, Rude Optician Balls Me, My-Slit's-Full-Of-Sperm!" 

I quivered, cringing in shame, and couldn't stop myself shooting my own teased tormented sperm on to the bare concrete floor outside. I looked in on Mum as she rudely flaunted herself and willingly cuckolded me and Dad to pay the bill! 

I sank out of sight, to clean myself up and collect my shattered nerves. After a few minutes I heard the receptionist chiding Mum. I looked in again. Mz B. was sitting on a stool near the window, and Mum was stretched naked across her lap. Teresa's bare bottom was facing the window, and she was giving little groans and yelps, because the black girl had poked Mum's lipstick into her bum hole! The receptionist wiggled it about up Mum's broad dark arsehole, often pulling my Mum's bum cheeks apart to look at it. Mz B. knew I was there of course, and she looked right at me smiling to taunt me, while holding open Mum's buttocks to make sure I saw it in there, throbbing as Mum twitched her brown hole! The receptionist then spanked Teresa for quite a while, her hand slapping down on the pale quivering cheeks. Mr Miller took more pics with Mum's mobile phone and stroked his cock hard again.

I feel back against the wall out of sight again. I could hardly believe it. However, there was worse to come. When I looked again, Mum was stooping, touching her toes naked in the middle of the room, and Mr Miller ordered her to spread her bottom for him. I caught a glimpse of him putting his bulbous prick tip to her naughtiest hole, then she went "OOOOOOOOUUURRGH! You Dirty Man!" as it plumped into her creased starfish and shoved right up her bum! 

Mz B. stood nearby, arms folded and chiding Mum again. "Whoooo, hahaaa, Teresa! You Dirty Mom! Bum Bitch!" 

They made Mum do squat-thrusts on the floor, her bare feet going back and forth and her bum bobbing up and down, as Mr Miller took her anally. He slapped her ass and bossed her about as he took her asshole. "This is the Extra, Teresa, but it's not the Extra Extra, you know that don't you?" 

Mum nodded and agreed, as she did the Willy-Bum Exercise for the Rude Optician. "Yes! Yes, Sir! I understand! I'll do what I must!" 

He sodomised her for some long minutes while I watched. I had a clearer view than last time. I could see the lipstick had been rubbed off her tits now, though her nipples were still as swollen and excited. She was getting tired with the exercise I could see. Suddenly Mr Miller shouted nastily, "Right, NOW!"

He pulled out of her bum, and she turned around kneeling. She grasped his balls and his big horrible veiny cock throbbed at her. Oh, no! There was a big blob of Mum's own SHIT, from her BUM, on the big knob end! He went, "WOOOARGH!" in appreciation, as Mum took her tit to it, and squashed it on to her big excited nipple! Then the other one too, as he groaned and called her names. "Dirty Girl! Do the Extra, Teresa, yes that's right!" 

Mum let one hand go down to her moist crotch, rubbing and squeezing her cunt in deep joy.

The receptionist laughed out loud in glee to see Mum degrade herself like this, and ordered her, "Now Lickety-Shittity, Extra Extra!" 

I panicked and said, "No! Oh, Mum, noooo!" 

Suddenly I realised Mum could see me. She looked out right into my eyes, as she plunged her tongue into the blob of poo on his cock, then clamped her mouth around his cock! "Mmmmmmmm!" she moaned, and she climaxed. Yes, my Mum climaxed as she let them do such filthy things to her and prostituted herself like a common whore for the big arrogant perv and did the Dirty on me. 

"Woaarrgh, I'm cumming!" Mr Miller growled, and his Receptionist filmed again as Mum showed her his sponk pouring out on to her outstretched tongue. "Dirty Bitch, Dirty Bitch, Dirty Bitch!" he said! 

Mz B. then closed the curtains and it seemed to go quiet, but I heard the sink taps running as they cleaned up. The Receptionist opened the yard door and brought me in, I was shaking and my nerves so wrecked I couldn't say much. 

They soon appeared, pretending nothing had happened. Mum praised Mr Miller glowingly for being so kind and letting her have her gold rimmed glasses, as they were such "Old friends!" 

I was going bright red again and again as Mum and I stood at the counter, with the Receptionist&nbsp; preparing the glasses and grinning at us. Mz B. said it's better if I didn't tell anyone about Mum getting free spectacles here, or even that we'd been here today, as she was sure Dad wouldn't like it and we didn't want "things getting out" to the locals, or even my college friends for example. She repeated they were very "professional here." She placed the glasses in a bag, along with something in a brown envelope. 

I said very little on the way home. I said nothing over the evening meal either. Then at night, on my bed I found the brown paper bag with her lipstick from that day, and a note saying, "Here's a reward for a good boy. Keep it all secret. We have to anyway, or they'll send THIS to the neighbours or Dad's bosses, and your college friends!" 

I opened the bag. It was a German hardcore magazine. The title translated roughly as "DIRTY MOMS!"&nbsp; - "SPECIAL ISSUE - TERESA!" - "With Dozzer and Dowling!" 

It was, too. On the front was Mum, topless, flanked each side by the two guys. Who were Dozzer and Dowling, you may ask. Ohhh, NO! Please not Dozzer and Dowling! Well I guess I better tell you, if I can bear to...

Dozzer and Dowling were my most hated School Bullies from years ago! They were in a German porno mag with my Mum! Obviously she'd met up with them as grown men now, and let a porno mag photograph their sex session!!! The misery and torment all came flooding back from years ago...

Words can't even say how I hated those guys. I'd never let them hit me but they called me constant names for years in school and spoiled my concentration, tormenting me daily and making my life a misery. The worst school taunt you could give another boy was "I've had your Mum!" and pretend you'd had sex with their mother, what a dirty kinky bitch she was, etc. There were always fights if anyone ever said that to another boy. They used to say it to me, such horrible things about what they'd done to my Mum. They were too big and tough for me to fight, so I had to do nothing. However, I began having secret wanking fantasies of them doing the things they said to her. I used to write them down in notebooks and keep them to jerk off to secretly. Mom must have found my secret stories about her, even these most secret ones. 

My hands shook and my cock throbbed as I held the magazine of Mum with my old school bullies in my hands. The back cover was a photo of Mum smiling and spreading her asscheeks wide, showing her sexy crinkled arsehole. I closed my room door, took of my clothes letting my cock burst out free in tormented arousal, picked up the lipstick and smelled the musky aroma of Mum's arse on it, as I lay shaking on my bed and opened the magazine...

Next Chapter will be Mum and the Big Bullies, if you want me to write it?!











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  cuckoldbob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





